As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil) * Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks) * Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail. * In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users. * Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not. Incivility results in escalating bans from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own. *** *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Democrats in red states smell blood in the water, and they're getting out to vote when normally they stay home, thinking it's a lost cause. It might not swing the states blue, but it's making them competitive.
Even if they don't win Utah it would still be good to know for 2020 and going forward that it might be more of a battleground. Same with Texas.
Uhhh...
Might be enough to tip house seats in heavily gerrymandered districts. Gerrymandering trades seat margins for more seats. If the wave is large enough it can wash em all away
But you know what? If they win Utah in 2016, they *know* it mayyyyyybe can be done again in 2020, possibly. For less deep red states than Utah? You now know it *should* be done in 2020. What if Trump completely breaks everything?
Looking at the primaries, Clinton could not win in the blue states. Clinton won in red states with the help of African Americans but population of African Americans is just above 10%. Clinton cannot win the election with 10% votes.
Garbage.
No way. If Hillary wins Utah, it would never turn blue again. They would vote for the worst Republican candidates forever more by feeling betrayed going for the third party candidate.
No. Of course some would do that, which is hard to deny seeing as how there are groups of domestic terrorists and polygamy practicing fundamentalists in Utah, but more would vote try to vote ethically, which is why Gary Johnson and Evan McMullin are doing better in Utah than in most other states. Unfortunately the republican party leadership is probably going to continue moving further to the right until the Jesus test at the Fox News debate literally asks candidates if they're indeed Christ returned to Earth.
It'd help a lot of moderates and liberals come out of the radical religious right closet.
2018? Dems will say "fuck it" and eat a pizza in their parent's basement instead of getting off their asses to vote. No matter what is won in 2016, every race on the ballot will all rush shift more red in 2018.
Unfortunately, this is the truth. Not only that, but the dems will have more seats in jeopardy in 2018 than the republicans. Party | 2016 | 2018 ---|----:|----: Republican | 24| 8 Democrat | 10| 25* Delta | +14 GOP | +17 Dem \* Includes independents caucusing with democrats However what could be interesting is that the GOP could be in all out civil war after the upcoming elections. It already looks like Trump and Breitbart will be going after Ryan which could signal a split between establishment and Trump voters. Then on top of that you have the social conservatives who don't like either of those two. The problem for the GOP is that tactics, not ideology, has been what has held them together. They worked together because that was the only way they could get elected. Now that compact no longer holds because Trump and social conservative support can cause you to lose more votes than you gain at the national level. Although at the local and state level that might not be true.
Should the last line be Delta, not Deta?
Yep, fixed and thanks.
Democrats need to realize that, in the event of the GOP not being able to pull itself together, this will become the new normal. There is a chance we take the blue pill where we wake up, this white nationalist rebellion from the provinces will be a dream, and we get Hillary and Jeb arguing about tax policy in 2020. Or, we take the red pill, and we see just how deep this horribly dysfunctional rabbit hole goes.
Take the blue pill and we continue going to war and spending all our money on military rather than the united states failing infrastructure and fixing inequality. Take the red pill and its exactly the same but social issues get a little worse.
Take the red pill and your Country will lose a lot of deplomatic Prestige and a lot of allies.
Our allies already distrust us unless they are playing the same imperialist game overseas that we do. We spy on everyone, even our allies. The tpp is just going to open up the 3rd world to even more exploitation of cheap or free labor. I dislike how /r/politics only lets you post every 10 minutes.
Ofc. Most People here (Germany and other eu countrys) are sick of US shit and many other counrys too. Trump would be the last straw to completly distance them self from the US for some countrys. Also being not so cool with the EU would hurt your countrys economy quite heavily.
At some point, the Democratic party will simply split. The ideological range from right to left WITHIN the party will be too wide for everyone to feel equally represented. Look at how angry some of the leftist Bernie supporters are right now, even. The ultimate result, if the Republicans can't pick themselves back up again, is that the American right heads to a new party. The only question is how quickly that happens. Assuming the Republicans never come back, do American conservatives jump to the Libertarian party in the short term, or split off from a single, viable Democratic party in the longer-term?
> At some point, the Democratic party will simply split. I think I'd be fine with a realignment of the US's political spectrum.
If we take the red pill, do we manipulate women too? I don't know, Reddit wants me to.
If it's a legitimate woman, the body has a way of just shutting the whole thing down (generally with a knee to the groin).
I like to think that the concept of the red pill is not the exclusive province of sexists and other bigots. It's the 21st century version of "woke," only in the 21st century cultural/media landscape everyone has their own version of the "real" truth revealed by the red pill.
"Woke" is the secular religion version of "saved" the parrellels of the neomaoist sjw and christian fundementalists is very telling.
> neomaoist sjw Wat. I'm pretty sure woke just means any semi-intelligent individual who can feel and express empathy for people that aren't exactly like them. Could be wrong though, just inferring that from the context I've heard it used in.
It will never stop being funny that "redpillers" are using terminology created by two transgender women.
It's too late, it's been co-opted by creepy rapey types. It's the same way that some people think skinhead should have the original Jamaican music based meaning, while it's obviously been co-opted by racist shitheads.
Perhaps that perception is confined to Reddit? I've seen it used absent that context in plenty of other places. :dunno:
It's possible. I've personally never heard it used outside of reddit, but I'm over 30.
But that means that you and I would have seen the Matrix in theatres, where the whole redpill/bluepill thing originated!
I'm 28 and I've only seen someone use the redpill context that reddit and 4chan use it once on Facebook. Everyone else was confused because the matrix came out like seventeen years ago and they didn't understand the reference.
Trump has been using red pill tactics to manipulate his core supporter group this entire campaign. Surprisingly(?) men seem to be even more susceptible to fall for that than women.
I've never understood staying home. Even if you're not going to win, turning a state purple would be a big deal.
More times than not I vote Democrat but live in Georgia. It can bum you out sometimes when you vote for what you believe in but ultimately the state will always be a red state. It sucks and I can completely understand why alot of younger people stay home in Georgia. It'll take a huge shift in beliefs for Georgia to ever go blue or hell even more moderate.
I thought georgia was within the margin of error this year.
I think to a lot of people it's a legitimate pain in the ass to get to the polling place on election day, whether due to jobs or childcare or other reasons. That's why we should either do mail-in ballots or have a national election holiday.
It would be pretty demoralizing to live in a deep red state like Oklahoma and know that you never have a shot to even come close to winning there
More importantly, voting is your civic duty. I live in a deep blue state where Democrats always win, and I still vote even though it really has no impact on the result. I would also still vote if I lived in a deep red state. People ought to take democracy more seriously in this country.
I live in California a republican will never be voted for here for the presidency. It's a waste to go vote.
> in California a republican will never be voted for here for the presidency So just like every other sane state.
Not a waste at all, but you won't see me complaining if a Republican decides to stay home. Carry on.
After voting for Johnson I just zigzagged for the dems and republicans for the other positions made sue I voted yes on legalizing weed and getting rid of citizens united and voted no on all tax increases and picked random answers for the rest
Just curious, as a fellow Californian what did you vote for prop 61? The dems refused to announce what their position was for that one, so I'm wondering what the GOP thinks about it
Votes during midterms and on state/local elections are all likely to have far greater impact than POTUS years. Special elections and primaries are big ones to hit up, too. Lower participation means every vote counts that much more.
Judging by one of the candidates that is running right now, I'd say that day and age has long since passed. I agree, but ooohh, hey, My show's on!
People like to win. It's a big part of what fuels the two party dynamic. People also don't like to fight pointless battles. It's easier to just do nothing than to do something you feel is useless. So, people like Utah Democrats stay home. At least they appear to have the ability to recognize an opportunity when one arises.
I live in a country other than America, where voters are much less polarized. When you ask people who they are voting for and why... A number of people will actually answer along the lines of "I'm voting for X because I just don't think Y can win this year." Basically, they swing to whatever party they expect to win.
Am third-party member, can confirm. It's not fun knowing that no matter what you do, your opinion is essentially worthless since your candidate and party are never going to win. It's why I vote by mail, since taking the time to go down to a polling station seems like a waste to me.
For most its less than one hour a year, get over it and vote
Just voting for that 5% federal funding threshold... It seemed so plausible a month or two ago, but now that Hillary has distanced herself from Trump in the polls and allayed the fears of protest voters, Johnson is slipping back through the margins. I really wanted the Libertarians to gain more permanent traction to punish Republicans for Trump, but it looks like we won't even get that.
The thing is, the system isn't going to be fixed by the president. The only thing third party runs are good for are raising issues into the public discourse. That's it. Getting rid of winner takes all first past the goal post elections has to happen on the state level. The states are the ones that decide how to distribute their electoral votes. The same with fixing gerrymandering, since states draw their districts.
Y'all riggers need MMP.
I think STV for Congress and ranked choice voting for Senators, Governors and President would be more realistic for the US and maybe even preferable. MMP does give a lot of power to the parties, and while STV is less proportional it gives individuals more freedom to vote their conscience
My rigga.
Also a nod of appreciation to Mitt Romney for being one of the few Republicans to firmly stand up against Orangetan McPoongrab from the start. Despite our political differences, he's an honorable man.
The last defender of the GOP, may we mourn it's passing into the Trumpublican party. The Republican party born from the Civil War, built on bringing the country back together and moving forward expanding the rights of the disenfranchised, now ends in a sea of white nationalism and division. Where once there was a rallying cry to tear down a wall, now there is a clamoring to build a new one. The party of Lincoln died the 19th of July, 2016.
Ha! It died with Nixon and Reagan when the Civil Rights Movement pushed all the Dixiecrat racists to the Republican party. Just because all the narratives have fallen away doesn't mean their racist undertones weren't always present.
Fair enough, they've been Weekend at Bernie's'ing it for a while now.
I gained an ounce of respect for TedCruz for not caving too.... an ounce
He endorsed Trump right before the first debate
I applaud Cruz' effort to advocate for child literacy by reading *Green Eggs & Ham* on the Senate floor. But...any chance of respect vanishes when you realize he's in favor of a Christian Theocracy. He's getting the boot along with all the rest of the Trumpslime.
There is a video of him cold calling for Trump, it's probably the most humiliating thing i have ever seen in my life. Ted Cruz deserved it but it was brutal to watch.
and then he did cave, right before Trump took a nosedive. Almost felt bad for Cruz.
[The Young Turks had a hilarious segment on Ted Cruz flip-flopping on Trump.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8aguGwAqPFc)
Will my hate of TYT overcome my glee at seeing ted Cruz debase himself? ... Not today, it didn't.
Wow, I thought I was alone with my hate for TYT. I am left-wing. Left in a way Sanders would be shocked. Universal Income left. And liberal in any other way. Yet, their punditry makes me cringe like the right-wing pundits do. They to me are part of the problem. I've never made it through one of a TYT Youtube video.
Cruz has had the worst timing possible. He named a VP pick right before his own campaign went under.
And then his VP pick went under.
That one was more of a Hail Mary
Still though, Cruz putting energy into something might be the kiss of death.
My suspicion is that Reince Preibus was putting the screws to Cruz behind the scenes-- he had already said publicly that people who didn't support the candidate (Trump) wouldn't be allowed to be the GOP candidate in the future. Depending on how smart you think Preibus is, it's possible that he knew just how hard Trump was going to flame out, and wanted to rid himself of Cruz at the same time, since basically none of the GOP higher-ups can stand Cruz.
it actually was the mercer family, who are Trump's biggest backers at the moment. I'm almost certain they threatened to fund Rick Perry to primary him in the next election.
That would be amusing as hell, although not sure I'd give Reince that much credit.
Either way the GOP establishment got what it wanted The Zodiac killer is done.
Cruz is one of my Senators. If you ever experience the possibility of considering the potential of feeling bad for Ted Cruz I want you to punch yourself in the groin. Because that's what it's like waking up every day knowing that I am nominally represented by that festering skin suit wrapped around the Platonic ideal of slime.
So, can you confirm it smells like sulfur whenever he enters the room?
I am sorry that you are represented by him
> Festering skin suit wrapped around the Platonic ideal of slime You are a wordsmith, sir.
I concur, that really is an exquisite turn of phrase
It's like somebody accidentally left Tom Ricketts in the sun for too long.
Fellow Texan. I am also ashamed that my Senator may be the Zodiac killer.
May???? ??????
Is.
https://img.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-fix/files/2016/10/CruzSad1.png
I know what this is without even clicking on it. Fuck I need to get my life back.
> CruzSad1.png
I wonder what the reasoning behind adding the 1 to the end was, because https://img.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-fix/files/2016/10/CruzSad.png is the exact same image, whatever the reasoning it really adds to the comedic effect
Asking the important questions.
Hopefully Clinton or McMullin ends up taking Utah. Either would be a priceless slap in the face to Trump Republicans.
[deleted]
There are some states that Hillary is not even in contention, so that won't happen.
Which ones? Everything I've seen seems to indicate that there are no safe states, but I'm glad to be proven wrong if you've seen/read something different.
15 states with 90 electoral votes are safe for Trump.
[Wyoming, Oklahoma, West Virgina among several others.](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/?ex_cid=rrpromo) they aren't big electoral vote hauls but much of the Deep South and other heavily red (and less educated) states are not in play.
Fair enough, I guess I was more under the impression that Trump was doing bad everywhere, but he has more solid footing in some states than I realized. Thanks for the link.
He's doing bad in red states relative to what Romney did in 2012, but not bad enough to lose them. Some states like Texas, Georgia and Arizona are possibly in play because of demographics favorable to Clinton, though. 538 had an [article](http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/what-a-clinton-landslide-would-look-like/) laying out what it would take for her to turn the entire map blue, and it would basically take a massive landslide of 15+ points.
In Wyoming even the Democratic Governor (Freudenthal) was a Republican by many standards.
imo, this is priority #2 after getting doug owens to win ut-04. to get the 30+ seats to give pelosi the speakership, gotta pull off these sorts of tough races, and i'm fairly sure that's 80% of the reason for the level of funding being given to UT
Poll showed Love 8 points ahead. A consequence of EM candidacy is he stops GOP turnout from being too depressed. But he has some dirt, so I would wait and see if he holds on.
I honestly think a McMullin victory would be just as bad, his stances aren't much better. He just happens to be a Mormon in Utah
As a progressive, I have a different take. I think that a McMullin victory could signal the future viability of third party candidates in other states and ultimately be a healthy thing for our political system.
There's no such thing as a viable third party until you get rid of first past the post. Until then, they're oneoffs or protest parties.
TBH I hope he wins just to shake up the whole "two party system" thing and prove that someone that's not D or R can win electoral votes.
Yeah, but even if McMullin wins, he's only going to win Utah. All it does is take away electoral votes from Trump. They may as well be voting for Hillary as far as who actually wins. (Hint: this is the reason why Third Parties don't work in presidential elections).
This is not true. If Hillary doesn't get to 270, Trump wins the election no matter how many votes he has. Edit: downvote if you don't understand the 12th Amendment.
She doesn't NEED Utah to get to 270 though, never did. If she doesn't get 270, Utah wouldn't matter still because she was never expected to win it anyway. She'd have lost at that point either way. Quit trying to spin this as something bad for Hillary, this is Trump and the GOP falling apart.
Then you don't understand McMullins plan in the first place. He speculates on a tossup. And hopes that House republicans (and democrats) hate Trump enough that they settle on him as a conservative alternative
First of all, the initial point was that it somehow helps Hillary. Considering that McMullin is not Hillary, McMullin winning does not support that initial statement whatsoever. Secondly, I understand the idea, I just don't think it's realistic.
It doesn't hurt her either. Utah was a republican given until Trump started crashing and burning. What it is is a indication of just how badly trump is doing.
It absolutely helps Hillary. From the perspective of her campaign at the start, Utah is a safe red State which they don't put any resources into. Their path to 270 does not go through Utah in any scenario they're planning. They don't want Utah. They don't need Utah. But the Republicans do. So now they are expending resources there to defend it (Pence is headed there.) Which leaves traditional swing States sightly more vulnerable. Leaving less resistance for the blue path to 270. Ergo, the situation in Utah helps Hillary.
If McMullin takes Utah it's theoretically possible that neither Trump nor Clinton gets 270.
That's theoretically possible even if McMullin doesn't take Utah. And if nobody gets 270, Trump wins, per the 12th Amendment.
Trump still wouldn't be a certainty at that point. Although he'd have a much greater chance than he has now.
Theoretically, but so remote it's almost not worth mentioning
as fun of a scenario as this is to speculate about, there's probably about a 0.01% chance of this happening in the world where hillary's chances at texas are ~~potentially~~ higher than her getting 269 or less EVs
That's not true at all.
I guess you're not familiar with the Constitution? Try the 12th Amendment.
It would go to the house but that doesn't imply it goes directly to Trump. It's a complicated process
It implies that it goes to the person who's party controls the majority of the House delegations. AKA: Trump.
> It implies that it goes to the person who's party controls the majority of the House delegations. It would be the new Congress that decided, and while it's probable that the GOP will still have a majority of state delegations, it isn't certain and wonky things could happen (i.e. one of Idaho's two Congressmen, both of whom are Mormon Republicans, could vote for McMullin and lose Trump the state to a tie).
They could also choose McMullin
Not exactly. Each state gets one vote and that vote is decided on based on a vote from the House reps of the state. Trump would need to get 26 state house votes and he's a historically unpopular candidate. There's no guarantee he'd win.
No matter how unpopular he is no Republican would want to face midterms where they voted Clinton into office. They're currently voicing their opposition to him because (in addition tot he fact that he's a human dumpster fire) they're certain he's going to lose. That would change pretty fast as soon as they're put in a position of putting a democrat (who a large part of their base thinks is the devil incarnate) into the white house.
Morally he's a massive improvement, I'd rather have him that a rapist loud mouth.
Utah voter here. His stances are MUCH better than Trump's. I actually voted for him because he's not Trump or Hillary. Also, it would be funny to see Trump be third place.
According to Ken Jennings the mormon facebook is going nuts for McMullin. Is that something you see as well?
Non-American here. Genuinly interested to hear what some good policy points of McMullin are.
I consider myself to be a liberal on many issues, but would consider voting for McMullin if he was on my ballot!
The first person running in a two-party system to come third? That does sound hilarious
Taft finished 3rd place overall in the 1912 election as the incumbent. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_presidential_election,_1912
Eh he had a previous president running against him, saying he betrayed the party's ideals. McMullin isn't anywhere near Roosevelt.
In 1992 Ross Perot finished 2nd in Maine and Utah, Bush 3rd in Maine, and Clinton 3rd in Utah. In 1968 George Wallace (probably the closest person temperamentally to Trump in modern Presidential election history) won several Deep South states and was 2nd place in others (Nixon defeated Humphrey by a wide margin).
> (Nixon defeated Humphrey by a wide margin) I wouldn't say a wide margin. The popular vote margin in 1968 was less than 1%. And all it would have taken was a swing of 2% or so in Humphrey's favor in Missouri, New Jersey, and Ohio, and the electoral college would have been a tie as well. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_presidential_election,_1968
He's honestly the living embodiment of everything I thought the best of the GOP stood for before the calamity of 2016. I'm rooting for him to win a state so he will be more prominent in the aftermath. He's a very young guy and I have a feeling he'll run again more seriously and drag the GOP kicking and screaming into modernity.
Also a Utah voter. I'm happy so many are splitting the republican vote. For the first time my vote won't be completely irrelevant as a democrat in a presidential election.
That's how husband and I felt. Living in Utah and being fairly liberal is a challenge because so often it feels like our votes don't matter. We still vote, we just joke about how pointless our votes are. We mailed in our ballots a week ago.
1. McMullin's temperament is miles better than Trump's. Plus, you know, not a serial molester. 2. McMullin has shown none of the disdain for our electoral process Trump has (e.g. I believe he wouldn't attempt to become a dictator once in power, nor attempt to start an armed revolution if he loses). 2. Strategically, I like McMullin splitting the vote because it helps my side win. 3. For the long term health of the country, having two viable parties is vital. Right now, we have one party and one dumpster fire, and that's going to give even my side less incentive to be good leaders and candidates, and the country suffers overall. McMullin is the sort of candidate that can lead Republicans back towards some semblance of viability, and if he saps enough votes from Trump, maybe Republicans will realize that going full dumpster-fire won't lead to victory in the future. 4. Finally, if I was voting solely on military/foreign policy, I'd vote McMullin in a heartbeat. His experience may be limited to that one field, but he appears to be the only candidate that actually realizes that realizes that actions overseas have consequences for the attitudes those countries have about us (and that simply blindly withdrawing from everything is also not the answer).
> Strategically, I like McMullin splitting the vote because it helps my side win. How so? Taking electoral votes away from Trump is fun and all, but it doesn't give them to Clinton, and she still needs to get to 270.
It's a rear flank by native partisans, and it costs zero resources. It forces Trump to fight to win both the right wing and the center at the same time. * If the right-wing challenge succeeds, then Trump has a narrower path to 270 AND uneasy footing in the rest of the Mountain West (where the Mormon insurgency might spread). * If the right-wing challenge fails, then Trump has still probably wasted time and energy securing his own base, while the Dems have been attacking the center and locking up states like Nevada and Colorado. Or in other words, * If McMullin wins, he takes EVs away from Trump, not Clinton * If McMullin loses, he takes resources away from Trump, not Clinton
I didn't say it split the electoral vote - it splits the popular vote. In Utah, Hillary's odds have gone from [2% to 8%](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/utah/) since McMullin's meteoric rise - even if McMullin's odds are even better than hers, that's still 6% worth of odds Clinton didn't have before. The same can happen in other states, say Ohio, if McMullin gets more popular outside Utah. (It's tough to say exactly how popular he is outside the state as most non-Utah polls haven't included him; though I think it's safe to say that there's nowhere but Utah where he stands a chance.) Standard spoiler effect. In either case, if it's a shockingly close race and McMullin winning Utah is actually the thing that causes the race to be a split, then going to the houses for a tiebreaker is better odds of Hillary winning than Trump winning outright (where the chances are 0%). If it does go to the houses, I'd still give Hillary good odds given that much of the Republican legislature hates Trump.
>The same can happen in other states, say Ohio, if McMullin gets more popular outside Utah. (It's tough to say exactly how popular he is outside the state as most non-Utah polls haven't included him; though I think it's safe to say that there's nowhere but Utah where he stands a chance.) Standard spoiler effect. AFAIK McMullin is *only* on the ballot in Utah. There can be no wave of momentum since no one outside the state can vote for him (except a more general, vague, Third party movement). He is a protest vote in Utah, and that's about it. They aren't polling him in Ohio because he isn't on the ballot in Ohio. >In either case, if it's a shockingly close race and McMullin winning Utah is actually the thing that causes the race to be a split, then going to the houses for a tiebreaker is better odds of Hillary winning than Trump winning outright (where the chances are 0%). If it does go to the houses, I'd still give Hillary good odds given that much of the Republican legislature hates Trump. I can't see the Tea Party House putting Clinton in power. They may not like Trump right now, but they'd find a way to put lipstick on that pig and vote for him. Not doing so would a) cede the Supreme Court for over a decade b) effectively kill their party. Anything but an electoral college victory for Clinton is a Trump win *unless* McMullin wins Utah *and* none get 270 *and* the House decides they like him (still kills the party).
Because Hillary will have a much easier time getting to 270. If she needs Utah to get there, she's in very big trouble. Trump HAS to have Utah to have any chance. He needs all the traditional red states plus flipping some blues. She wins traditional blue states and she is madame president!
He probably takes more votes from Trump than from her so he does improve her chances.
IIRC, It's Madam President. "Madame" is what you call a married French lady.
Or any married lady, in French.
Both work, actually. Different spellings, same word.
If she doesn't win when Utah is red, she doesn't win when Utah is...whatever color McMuffin is.
But maybe Trump doesn't either and then it gets sent to the house
But the house is red, so it really does not help Clinton in any way
A likely-Republican house which will choose Trump.
And there will be riots
At this Point so many republicans redraw support for Trump that maybe they would choose Clinton for 4 years.
They would pick Trump and then impeach him within a year do they get get Pence while look principled.
sort of lilac according to 538
I think it should be orange.
It would be good in the context of the Republican Party going on a rapid decline, as well as the two-party system, is what I mean.
The US election-system pretty much guarantees a two-party system. It is not going away, at bets the parties will change.
The two party system won't decline because of that, that's just inane wishful thinking.
Pretty sure it will become more of an one Party Democracy with one. (Republicans wont challange democrats anymore in the next decade.)
The two-party system is the result of how our elections are structured, not the parties themselves. Two parties is the natural state of equilibrium in the system as it's designed right now.
Yeah, that was my first thought when heading to vote. But I watched some of his speeches and just simply cant bring myself to vote for him. Voting for someone that is in direct opposition of all of my core beliefs just to make a statement didnt sit well.
I suspect that's why a lot of people who are voting for Trump are doing it in the first place.
Now listen. I have hired the *very best* investigators. Ok, the *very best*. And they are looking into Utah. They are taking a look at Utah's papers. Look, I'm not sure what they'll find, but people are saying they aren't a state. I'm not saying it but some very smart people are. Ok? The American people deserve to know if Utah is a state.
Utah- the Pluto of the US
He just wants to see Utah's birth certificate.
Massachusetts is a commonwealth, I hear.
Hillary is a synth!!! (Do I really need to put /s?)
How can we be sure the Institute doesn't use their synths to rig the election?
Trump is Danse. Oh fuuuuu
I think he's more like Strong. Both live in the penthouse of a skyscraper, and have a similar level of understanding of the world. Trump bored. Trump want something to eat. Trump build big wall. Trump hates Islamic Brotherhood. This human weak. Edit: I have to change my answer. He's the bumbling mayor of Diamond City who's actually a synth and puppet of the Institute.
Spoilers. I waited until it was on sale.
You're a puppet.
Rhode Island isn't an island. So they're liars, and their votes shouldn't be counted.
Rhode Island refers specifically to Aquidneck Island, the full state name is "The State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations"
Damn, the name is bigger than the state itself.
Lawyered
Pennsylvania is made of pencils
Minnesota is made of small, travel-sized colas.
Great numbers so far, but please VOTE! This election is too important to sit out. And we have to send a loud and clear message to the major parties: We WON'T tolerate Trump's rhetoric in the future.
Why are we so willing to allow Clinton's ignorance of laws/rules though? I won't vote for her nor trump. I'll still vote but not for either of them.
Because we live in a two party system and Trump is orders of magnitude worse in every way.
I forgot. They were the only two candidates in this thing the whole time. The scales being tipped in one of their favors from the start, also never happened. But we will just over look EVERYTHING because the Republicans ran a shitty candidate and she's better then him. So was the candidate cheated out of it. But imo he's much better then her as well. That neither here nor there though at this point. If either one of these 2 win, it will be without my vote. I'll either write in, or give one to Johnson which he's made semi hard to do as well.
Man I literally interned for Sanders so I can all but guaranteed I was more invested in him than you were, but nobody cheated him out of anything. Forgive us for wanting to actually impact the election and not toss our vote in the trash. I, for one, happen to remember Bush v Gore.
Exactly. Fuck, I *do* think he was cheated out of the election and I'm still voting Hillary. I'd rather have a competent Machiavelli than a nuclear winter.
> I, for one, happen to remember Bush v Gore. That. That right there. So close. Think of how many lives (US and otherwise) could have been spared, not to mention the impact to the national debt.
The sad thing is that voting for Clinton is tolerating blatant corruption, lies and deciet. I was hoping to stand against all that bullshit this election, but instead Ive gotta stand against bullshit that I thought we had overcome 50 years ago. This is not progress.
Can't wait until Wednesday! Guys and gals if you have energy volunteer. You make so many friends!
Generic pro clinton and anti-Trump message.
Generic conspiracy theory
Everyone should want to be part of this statement against Trump, the GOP, and what they stand for.
There's crazy turnout all throughout the country, this might be a world record.
Voting is mandatory in some countries, if you weren't aware.
Interesting how things have changed. A few months ago there was talk of terrible voter turnout.
What I find really bizarre about the turnout is that it is completely driven by hatred of one side. How many people are voting for a candidate rather than against someone else?
[Latest data](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Cvj3vhTWcAEc9Ms.jpg:large) says that 56% of Clinton voters are voting *for* Clinton as opposed to *against* Trump, while only 41% of Trump voters are voting *for* Trump as opposed to *against* Clinton.
If there was literally any other republican nominee, I'd be voting for Clinton. However, as someone who genuinely likes Clinton's platform, I am 100% voting against Trump. It's a matter of "pretty good" vs "literal dystopia", and one tends to overshadow the other.
That's a good way of putting it. I'd say that's how I am voting as well.
No kidding I'm extremely surprised personally.
Doubtful for a world record. Belgium had 87% turnout in their last election; the US usually runs in the mid 50 percent range. But hopefully a record high for the US!
seems like it!! It's a historic election in a lot of ways.
But in Belgium its seen as Civic duty to vote. You **could** be fined if you don't vote. 87% seems like a low turnout if you know compulsory voting is practiced in Belgium. So not exactly the best example.
That's actually sad.
North Korea has a 99.7% turnouthe (illegal to not vote)
Australia had around 95% turnout for theirs this year, the lowest since 1925
Australia has compulsory voting anyway.
Still lower than 87% though.
/u/w2qw: >Still lower than 87% though. No it isn't turnout was 91% at the last election, and 93% at the one before that. Which probably reflects disenfranchisement with the turbulent nature of Aus politics recently, because historically it was 94-95%.
You are talking about the proportion of enrolled voters voting. The 87% figure is of all eligible voters which is ~80% in Australia. Both countries also have compulsory voting so I don't know why that's relevant.
Plus everyone's automatically enrolled now. Lots of pissed off people on my newsfeed 'who never enrolled' getting fines.
Serves them right. Voting's a civic responsibility.
World record for US voter turnout!
We are the 2016 World Champions of voting!
And a US team wins the World Series!
Minus 92 and 93
We also hold all the NFL world championships!
I can't believe people haven't voted yet. I voted back in January to get it out of the way.
I'm voting by Twitter (only allowed for Hillary voters!).
I voted six times already.
Hell, I voted too after I dropped off that truck load of illegals at the polling station.
I voted today and almost posted a Facebook status saying "Just submitted all my ballots for Hillary! #ImWithHer" to troll all the Trump supporters I know.
Make sure to let them know Hillary wants you to personally thank them for the use of their dead relatives.
Lol
I hear there's a lot of Trump voters voting by yard sign.
How many poeple per rally
Pshh, I voted 4 years ago.
I'm definitely voting. And I'm not voting because I like Clinton, I'm voting as a giant FU to everyone that thought Trump was an appropriate candidate. And to vote in my local races.
Especially dems in Iowa and Ohio where reports are Dem turnout is lower.
Everybody take this to heart. If Democrats of Utah can do it, there is no excuse anywhere else.
No margin of victory is too great to punish the GOP for nominating Trump.
And show up for non-presidential elections, too!
That's the really important bit. Voting doesn't stop being important on Nov 9th.
Especially in my state. I'm gonna have to show up to next year's special election, as well!
Nov 29th*
I think it is irresponsible to make this joke.
If you are incapable of googling "when is election day", then you probably shouldn't be voting anyway. You of course have the right, but you've self-selected yourself for disenfranchisement.
It is imperative that everyone seek actual facts from trusted sources and not believe shit they read on the internet. If someone ACTUALLY believes this joke, even despite the fact that Trump himself said it accidentally, that's on them at this point. The actual day is no secret and if someone can't do a modicum of research, I, personally, won't be upset if they don't manage to vote. Talk about uninformed.
Why? As Trump said it's on the 28th. If you support him you should do your civic duty as a citizen of the US of A and get out there and vote.
I think he means that in an election where one party is literally attempting to disenfranchise voters, it is not prudent to turn disenfranchisement into a joke. Thats all.
but disenfranchisement has been the GOP's message for the better part of 40 years :/
And now their joke is Trump!
Maybe out of context, but not on a discussion board of political enthusiasts.
That's actually a very valid point.
It was irresponsible for a major Presidential candidate to make the mistake in the first place.
Repeating it puts you on his level. Not sure why you'd want to go there.
Yeah a guy making a joke on the internet is equal to a republican candidate who can't stop lying to save his life. Yep, totally equivalent
Get off that high horse
Because he's not running for president of the united states, and he is making a joke.
Am Democrat, did vote.
Hooray for voting early! I voted already too - I'm an Oregonian, we vote by mail, so I filled out my ballot and already turned it in.
Totally read your username as youngestllama.
I am the youngest llama ever
How the fuck is Utah? I'm picturing tumbleweeds, wall-mounted rifles, and a hammock on a back porch with some iced tea.
In all seriousness, Utah is approximately a combination of the following: - Salt Lake City and the surrounding population - a fairly modern, new city, with a decent downtown, and pretty good roads. - Five national parks, a large handful of national monuments, state parks, etc etc etc; some of the most beautiful natural formations in the world - Sweeping vistas and long, solitary, empty roads, the kind I dream about - A big fucking salt lake and adjacent salt flat; the salt flat covered in a thin layer of water from rain makes it look like an ocean, with the mountain peaks floating islands due to the refraction at the surface - Visibility of mountains from 50+ miles away on a decent day - Small towns dotted throughout the state; you won't even run out of gas these days - Quite a lot of scrub bush desert between peaks, parks, and towns, but still quite a lot of nice mountains and forests Really, utah is gorgeous. Incredibly beautiful. Mostly quiet. It has a very decent city; certainly not a world-class metro like NYC or SF but still a real city. There's also a weird smell of mormonism, but you can mostly ignore that these days. Note, I haven't lived there. I'm sure living there is a bit different than driving around from park to park, road to road.
Honestly, Salt Lake is pretty much awesome but the surrounding areas not so much.
It's actually pretty nice. It's like a huge suburb that stretches along the mountains for 90 miles. Some white trash but not very many hicks. Relatively high standard of living with lots of tech jobs. Like Phoenix with better mountains and more mormons.
Think Salt Lake City and the surrounding growing tech economy.
Based on my comment, I'm probably not familiar with any of that.
It's a city built on religious separation, a national rail road, and an international airport. Large and rich enough to hold the winter olympics without collapsing, but still asshole enough to change the drinking laws (The state owns the alcohol industry/market here.) back after the olympic money left.
Pretty nice local. Dad was stationed at Hill AFB and I did a short TDY there (two weeks) later on. The mountains are lovely and there's quite a bit to do.
Tea is forbidden, but the tumbleweeds are accurate, at least in the south.
If you are a Republican and Utah is even in contention, you fucked up somewhere along the line.
Anyone losing Utah as a Republican is not having a good night.
More democrats voting? how rigged.
/s?
Thought it was implied
Haha, it's hard to tell these days!
/s?
No. /s
I don't think there are very many riggers in Utah.
Is that a joke about the state being landlocked
I have a pressing question. So, on electoral maps, states won by Democrats are blue, right? And states won by Republicans are red. If McMullen wins Utah, what color will it be??
Yellow I believe.
That's the Libertarian Party's color. Doubt they'd go with that or with green, for obvious reasons. My money is on white.
Why did the libertarians pick such an awful campaign color
[Party in Australia tried yellow](http://resources0.news.com.au/images/2013/10/10/1226736/674096-palmer-united-party.jpg) (the one with the blue tie is from a different party)
I'd imagine it comes from either the color most commonly associated with classical liberalism (see the flag on the wiki article: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liberalism), or from their hard-on for the gold standard.
I support yellow, for the beehive.
lilac! do you not even look at 538? ))) a decent shade of lilca, too! http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/utah/
Why not white? Red, White and Blue.
Dude on MSNBC said it will be dark grey. The most boring possible choice.
It's a beige alert. If I don't make it, tell my wife "hello"
Houndstooth
Wallace is shown in orange here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_presidential_election,_1968 They might choose a higher contrast color this time around.
There's no convention for it. The red/blue thing was really only codified in 2000, and a third-party or independent hasn't received an electoral vote since. That said, 538 is using magenta for McMullin.
Yeah everyone's preference of color for indies is different. I prefer to use a Barney Purple for Egg McMuffin.
I've always liked gray for Independents
Gray is usually used for no data in charts.
Yeah. Gray is better. Purple implies somewhere between red and blue, which a third party candidate isn't necessarily.
[The Utah State coordinator for the Trump campaign reacts to the news...](http://www.gifbin.com/bin/032010/1267527853_old_guy_going_crazy.gif)
http://giphy.com/gifs/kendrick-lamar-D63eS2G9b5CLu
>kendrick-lamar what.
It's taken from a rap genius annotation
Yes, I see that now. "Source: genius.com" my bad
Before I clicked I expected a shot of an empty office.
The fact that you think the Trump campaign is that organized is cute :P
I mean, they sent Pence to Utah while Trump is going to his hotel opening in DC. It honestly worries me that they seem to be sending their candidates to all the right swing states.
That's 33% more democrats which means, like, 4 people.
Did anyone read the article? They're basing this only on people's registered party, not on who they voted for. A significant percentage of those votes could be former Bernie supporters voting for Trump. Don't get too excited.
What does "than expected" mean? As the article notes: > This is the first year when most of Utah is voting by mail >
"Democrats and die hards vote early" The west wing (I think)
Once again Republicans managing to suppress the vote. But this time they're doing it to themselves.
The vote was rigged, they made it seem like there was no point in voting!
Utah is gerrymandered to all hell. But voting here is extremely easy. There is no suppression here. I have never seen a line of even 1 to vote here. You walk up and there is an open booth. Voting by mail and early voting are also easy. For a staunch republican state, I'm actually impressed with our voting procedures here.
I'm going to give you a hint why that might be. 91% White non-hispanic 1.1% Black http://www.infoplease.com/us/census/data/utah/demographic.html
Or, you know, maybe the poll organizers in Utah are principled people? You've got just as much *actual* justification for oyur categorization as I do for mine at this point. I mean, come on, man. You went from 0 to "literally deep-south tier racism" so quickly that you probably shredded a universal constant or two. I'm not saying that underhanded election procedures don't happen, or that they don't sometimes have nefarious justifications behind them, but you should have the decency to not attribute justifications to people who *aren't even doing the actions you dislike* without other justification. "Utah republicans are just as racist as the worst of other republicans, they just don't have the opportunity to oppress black voters like they actually want to" is a pretty scummy thing to suggest when you have no actual justification for it.
that speech would be more convincing if disenfranchising black voters didn't happen all the fucking time
I'm not saying it doesn't happen at all, or even that it doesn't happen frequently, I'm saying it's clear it's not happening *in this instance* and that simply assuming that they would do so if they had a greater african american population due only to the *general political inclination of the population* is an *irredemably* injust accusation to make. I'm sorry if the argument that one ought not to paint the voters and organizers of Utah with the same brush of pernicious racial voter disenfranchisement correctly applied to people *on the literal other side of the continent*, and doing so *in the face* of evidence to the contrary on the part of these voters, isn't "convincing" enough to you *solely because* the majority of voters in Utah vote for the same general platform, but it ought to be. You're the one off base here, not me.
Mormons are creepy nice and organized. Suppressing the vote would go against a lot of what they stand for.
I hope this trend continues!
I wonder if Trump's lack of ground game will affect voter turnout for GOP?
Can this sub cover some of the corruption?
Honestly, I really want Utah to go blue, I hope McMullin and Johnson split the vote enough to give a Clinton victory.
He ded.
538 has the Senate race at <1% for the Democrats, but nothing would make me happier than fucking Utah electing America's first transgender Congressperson because of Trump keeping the Mormons home. It'd be perfect payback for Prop 8.
Fear-based politics is effective.
I think when there's something to truly fear, it is... however, usually negative campaigns see lower voter turnout.
Not talking about campaigns. I'm talking about strategies used by politicians to drive their agendas. Watch like any Adam Curtis documentary to see just how effective it is.
Sure they have.
They voted for that new guy in the magic underwear. I think it's a requirement now if you're in the CIA, you have to look good in Mormon panties, mainly because the Mormons are terrifying when they swarm.
Why wouldn't they? Mormons are, for the most part, incredibly principled people. Donald Trump has been anything but the embodiment of family values, and Mitt Romney, a huge and influential political figure to Utah and Mormons in general, came out against him. There's also the fact that this is the first year they've had mail-in voting, and Democrats tend to vote early. I still don't see anyone but Trump or McMullin winning though. They're waaaaaaay too red for that.
So, 150 Democrats voted when they expected 100 Democrats? It's Utah, how many Democrats did they really expect? These "Dems voting early" stories are really stretching it. A lot of Dems voted early in 2014 too, and then they still lost.
More like 18,000 when they expected 13,000.
SLC and surrounding metro areas are fairly liberal. If Utah goes dem, it will be due to increased turn out from population centers. Also McMullin splintering Mormon GOP voters will help a lot.
Do you not know about Evan McMullin? He's drawing an enormous amount of support from Trump, to the point where Utah is competitive between McMullin, Trump, and Clinton. Dems polling significantly more than expected means it's even more likely for a possible Clinton win.
1/3 more of 100 is 133.
Don't make fun of him man, they haven't taught percentages in his middle school yet.
I'm in a fairly purple county in possible new swing state Texas, and our first-day early voting turnout is way up. Usually that correlates with more Dem voters.
And already having issues with voting machines
More dems than expected you say? Why wonder why? #buses
A bus can bring you to vote, but it can't magically make you a registered voter. VOTE LADY "Excuse me sir, are you registered to vote here?" BUS (looking intimidating) "He's with me." VOTE LADY (looking scared) "Y... yes, of course, I'm so sorry!"
You're missing the whole point of bussing. They are bussing in people from strong dem states into swing states in order to win the swing states.
I see... I see.... So, I, a liberal in Oregon, could get bussed into a swing state, and vote? How does that work? Please explain it to me. Please explain how I would get past the teensy little detail of voter registration.... Colorado is close to me. Do they just hand me a fake Colorado driver's license so I can go register to vote? And what about needing to have lived in the state since Oct 17th? Do they have it all pre planned out with fake electrical bills and stuff? Please...Please. I beg you. Please. Tell me you're not serious here and this is all a joke. Please. Because this is really really stupid. I don't want to think you're serious.
[This explains it all](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDc8PVCvfKs)
Heh. I responded, but it got deleted. Probably because I called your intelligence into question. O'Keefe has been caught lying or outright making stuff up in his videos before. This is no different. You really think you can keep something like busing a few thousand people across state lines a secret? And then voter fraud on that scale? Really? No one's going to notice that magic paper trail? Utterly ridiculous... That would leave a literal paper trail a mile wide, metaphorically speaking.
Show me proof where he's been lying. If you can't, your argument is invalid. O'Keefe's latest videos have been confirmed thanks to Wikileaks and CNN. So again, what's your proof?
O'Keefe is lying. Show me proof that I'm wrong. If you can't, your argument is invalid.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&v=U-4w_jf_w0o I'm not going to waste more time on you, since you're clearly in denial and think everything against Clinton is fake.
https://youtu.be/mSy5mEcmgwU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6v148z4ISIM https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Q714fz3Cu4
people are understanding the sheer danger of donald trump and are getting out to vote to make sure things turn out better.
Clinton.... Better Pick one
This is really great for two reasons. Obviously higher than expected turnout is a good thing, but the fact that Democrats are paying enough attention to seek out and opt for early voting means there's enough either enthusiasm for Hillary or anxiety over Trump to get them to participate.
/r/titlegore
100% of the Democrats in utah could turn out and it wouldn't matter.
This really doesn't mean anything. We don't know who those Democrats are voting for. They could be working class Democrats frustrated by Hillary's support for TPP who are casting a split ticket vote for Trump.
And if wishes were fishes
Or McMullin
lol
[Only 3% of registered Utah Democrats are planning to vote for Donald Trump](http://m.rasmussenreports.com/public_content/politics/elections/election_2016/utah/crosstabs_election_2016_utah_president_october_14_16_2016)  these are the folks whose early ballots are being counted in this article.
This is a live telephone poll. Nobody admits they are voting for Trump. I support Trump but if I was called and the person asking me was female there's no way I would say I'm voting Trump. Not after his grab em by the pussy comments.
> Nobody admits they are voting for Trump. Why would you vote for a candidate you're embarrassed to support?
stop hillary. Look its obvious that both candidates in this election are human scum. But Trump is just a lout. Hillary will sell the country to the highest bidder.
It's embarrassing you feel that way about publicly admitting that, yet would feel fine having him be the face of your nation. Luckily he's about to get BTFO
i dont support trump i oppose hillary. that cancerous corruption is far worse than a lout. Plenty of presidents have sexually assaulted women. But we have never had a president this corrupt.
Do you honestly believe that? Honestly? We have had presidents orchestrate successful and failed coups of sovereign nations, we have had presidents sell their soul to wall Street (every Republican since Reagan), we have had presidents selling weapons to authoritarian despots (Reagan), we have had Nixon. And you think Hillary is worse than all of them? Hillary? The person being officially endorsed by Bernie Sanders, the only person in US politics to indisputably have a soul? Who has been open about his willingness to endorse Hillary since he started his own campaign? Who is now on record saying that his staffers are just as nasty about Hillary as her staffers were about him? I could maybe possibly buy the argument that she's worse at hiding the sort of things that are meant to be kept out of the limelight than some other presidents we've had. But you think just because some presidents haven't been caught making backroom deals it means they didn't make them? That's naive to the point of absurdity.
Of course absolutely. Look. All those things were done in the **perceived** interest of the United States. Stopping the spread of communism in Latin America didn't make Reagan wealthier. Nixon perpetrated Watergate not to make himself richer but because he wanted to stay in power so he could carry out his plan to improve America as he saw fit. But Clinton, this is the first time we have evidence of deliberately damaging the United States for personal enrichment. Nixon was bad and should have been impeached. But he didn't try to harm the United States for money. Clinton did. She pushed through a dangerous uranium mine deal for the Russians that harmed our national security in return for them donating to her Clinton fund.
You're cherry-picking facts here. Clinton *demonstrably* did not try to harm the United States. The worst you can credibly allege here is that she didn't step in and stop other people's mistakes. But the deal you're talking about was an expression of the Obama administration's desire to normalize foreign policy with Russia. The deal was approved by a long list of departments. *Other* departments assessed the national security impact, and the economic impact, and found no problem. Clinton could have stepped in and objected; what she did instead was not object to a deal that was already supported by the rest of the government. To say that Clinton "pushed" it through is just plain wrong.
You don't know that. Clinton as secretary of state was supposed to check if the Uranium deal was in US interest. She signed off on it even though it gave a huge chunk of US Uranium production to the Russians. She failed to report the donations too, something she was supposed to do as a condition of being confirmed.
Bernie endorses Jill Stein you should know. Just because the DNC stole the primary from him, doesn't mean he supports Hillary. I hope y'all go to hell for what you're doing to this country.
[Bernie Sanders endorses Hillary Clinton](http://www.cnn.com/2016/07/11/politics/hillary-clinton-bernie-sanders/)
I'd be certain they're not voting for Trump. What is most likely happening IMO: Evan McMullin's shocking Utah surge is splitting the conservative vote, which gives Hillary a fighting chance to win the state. Perceived competitiveness boosts turnout.
These articles mean nothing until November 9th. All these articles are meant for are to excite the losing party's voters. In your exuberance, to post the fall of the Republican party, you're merely ding the GOP puppeteers work for them. you fell for it hook, line and sinker.
Wow, the GOP is behind all the polls that show Trump losing by over 100 in the electoral college?
Which polls?
/r/iamverysmart
Keep in mind that Utah is a red state. I think that these articles excite the Democrats to go out and vote, because this time their votes actually matter since she's polling close to McMullin and Trump. Same about lA, AZ and even Texas.
Scares the knickers off us reasonable humans to see y'all voting for a piece of shit like Hillary or Trump. Jill Stein 2016. Fuck the plutocracy. Fuck the oilgarchy. Fuck Dakota Access, and fuck the Law and Order candidate. Vote Jill Stein for fairer elections in the future. Vote Jill Stein for saving the planet. Vote Jill Stein for demilitarization and rehabilitation instead of punishment and war. Vote Jill Stein to save this country.
Vote Jill Stein to watch the Republicans win this election. Like I know you think she's the best candidate. Maybe she is. But the fact is until ranked choice voting is put in place nationwide her party won't have a chance. Why not vote independent for your state's congressman to then pressure them to put ranked choice voting in place? Sort of like what Maine is doing? I'm not going to tell you what to do with your vote or that you're throwing it away, but she will 100 percent not win even if you vote for her. You could spend now till the election day convincing 100 people a day to vote for her and she will not win.
I like vaccines lol.
I don't believe she's the right candidate this election, but don't spread misinformation. She isn't anti-vaccines. I know the circle jerk is fun and all, but seriously now, have some respect for yourself and don't spread such drivel.
Trump is telling people the vote is rigged, in turn causing his supporters to not vote. I guess they fell for it too.
The only voters really enthusiastic about electing someone as vile and despicable as Hillary are apparently dead people and illegals.
Prove it.
Such a tired, worn out and inaccurate conservative line.
Old, tired, and pale while from years of use. No wonder the GOP loves it so much.
I wonder what the strategic voting situation will be in Utah with McMullin. I would be inclined to consider voting for him instead of Hillary on the theory she can't win the state but he could; but at the same time maybe McMullin and Trump will split the conservative vote and she will win? More polling would help, but McMullin has come on very quickly, and the polls show them all in striking distance of one another, so who knows.
My exact conundrum. I really don't care who takes Utah as long as it's not Trump. So does that mean Hillary or McMullin? Originally I was going to vote for Gary Johnson, but this is far too exciting.
If it means anything I've been averaging polls in my spare time the last few months. Take what I'm saying with a grain of salt since I'm a stranger on the internet but I have McMuffin up over Trump by 0.2%. Its very very close there.
I'm a Utah voter that mailed my ballot today. I'm a democrat so I naturally want Hillary to win both nationally and in Utah. However, if she can't win Utah I would strongly prefer that Utah's electoral votes go to Egg McMuffin instead of Trump, both to keep Trump from getting to 270 and as a statement to Republicans to get their shit together. I briefly considered voting strategically for McMuffin, but ultimately decided against it since I couldn't be sure if I was raising McMuffin's total to give him the win or lowering Clinton's total to give Trump the win.
Trump will be President but the House will be run by a Democratic majority.
Literally the opposite of what is likely. Why?
The belief that women will vote against Trump is exaggerated. Women are not so naive, they know that no person is perfect. The election is about choosing politician, not husband. The women are choosing the better politician who they know will not be perfect among the two candidates. Everyone knows Clinton is a bad politician. No one knows Trump will be a bad politician or not. People will choose the apple they don't know if it is bad or not over the apple they know it is bad. At least people will have a 50% chance of having a good President if they choose Trump compared to 0% chance of having a good President if they choose Clinton.
I didn't ask for your opinion. I asked for your sources. Here's a poll aggregater saying Clinton is likely. It runs millions of simulations using every poll ever taken as data points. http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/ Here is a long article from a liberal-leaning source explaining why they won't win the house. http://www.npr.org/2016/10/24/499082622/house-top-40-flipping-control-still-a-tough-task-for-democrats
women voting against a racist, misogynist molester is not "naive."
So they're not voting for Clinton then?
First off: many people know that Trump will be a bad politician. That's pretty clear from the offset. He doesn't seem to understand, for instance, one of the key factors about being a President: the checks and balances in place, and therefore your Party's support, are key. It's not a question of the evil establishment: those checks and balances are there to avoid that a single person gets too much power. Secondly: it has nothing to do with "choosing (..) a husband", to paraphrase you. That is an extremely sexist thing to say; the women voting against Trump aren't doing so because he isn't wedding ring material. They are doing so because his policies aren't to their advantage, and also, at least partly, because of the blatant lack of respect he has shown women, time and time again. Why would you vote for an elected representative who doesn't seem to respect you? That makes no sense. Thirdly: no, it isn't exagerated. It's been a while since a Republican has tanked so hard with women.
How does that explain a Democratic house?
