So it turns out that Obama's weird brother served no purpose at all. That's interesting.
Like we all ain't got at least one crazy family member and would not understand Obama isn't any different.
Did you see the bizarre interview he did with Hannity afterwards?
I didn't! I'll have to look it up.
He was the "florida man" of the yesterday. I was a little more disappointed in this country every time I saw him come on. Oh, and WJC paternity suit guy? that was a real D grade distraction, and that is a generous D. the "press conference" was so cringeworthy, I lasted maybe 30 seconds. Even my schadenfreude is not that strong.
He got a free trip out of it, so that was something..
I really don't get this. It's like when he suggested drug tests before the debates and then just kind of never brought it up again. I mean I get it why he would bring in the women accusing Bill of rape but what was the point of Obama's brother? How does that help him with anything?
Pussy-grabbing talk slowed down a bit while everyone tried to figure out what the fuck this stunt was going to be...
why the fuck did he bring a pro-hamas guy to a presidential debate? was he trying to give israel a big fuck you? or was he trying to prove how good his extreme vetting policy is going? WTF is wrong with you donald?
It seems Trump forgot that he's not actually running against Obama.
No but I wish Trump was, he'd mop the floor with Trump.
Has he remembered that he's not running against Bill Clinton yet?
Please, he still thinks he's running against George Washington!
He's not willing to believe a woman could run the country.
He only remembered after he had to start telling sex assault victims to shut up.
And telling them they weren't attractive enough to assault
Those broads are too fat for me to assault. No one respects women better than me. Believe me. Somebody call Sean Hannity.
Somehow Clinton found the strength not to be distracted by a man she's never met.
Trump never met Putin (except for when they were on 60 Minutes together “I got to know him very well because we were both on 60 Minutes, we were stablemates,” he said, then he seemed to reference the show’s ratings. “We did well that night.” - of course that was just a lie he told in the primaries.)
Chris Wallace: *I know you didn't agree to closing statements, but fuck you both you're doing one.*
Am I the only one who thinks Trump's closing statement was actually decent?
Probably not. The odds of you being the only one are honestly pretty low
I mean, I haven't seen anyone else here say it wasn't awful . Compared to the rest of the debate I think it was decent.
When the opponent's statement is "here's what I'm going to do if I am president", and Trump's statement is "here is why my opponent is bad", it's a pretty bad closing statement.
Comparing to the rest of the debate is a very very low bar.
Well, yeah. It's Trump, the bar is below sea level.
Your comment made me LOL :) thank you
I was pretty impressed with that. That was a great idea.
Yet another example of the Media rigging the election.
/s....?
Its a sad commentary on where we are that you have to even ask that, but yes.
Can never be too sure around here.
Poe's law in action. Applies so much this election season it's ridiculous.
I was sad he didn't continue with "but we're running out of time, so I'll ask each candidate to sum up their position using one word..."
Trump: *sniff* "Wrong"
Chris Wallace, you da real MVP
Wallace did a great job moderating in my opinion, he has surprisingly "fair and balanced" for the most part.
gee I wonder who was prepared to give a closing statement and who was not...
In other words...gee I wondered who prepared for all eventualities and who didn't.
"Make. America. Great again; we're gonna make America great again."
Because she prepares for her debates. It's not a conspiracy. She's simply polished.
It absolutely *is* a conspiracy. Hillary conspired with her debate team to be prepared for something as absolutely basic and fundamental to a debate process as a closing statement. And maybe Donald Trump should have done that too. It's literally been a part of debate style arguments for millennia, reaching back to at least the Ancient Greek philosophers. Not having a closing statement or summary for your argument is like trying to post a letter without an address written on it. I swear to god Trump boggles the mind sometimes.
Watched that with friends and we all agreed that was about the best possible surprise question they could get. Being POTUS means thinking on your feet, and keeping a sense of civility and decorum with you at all times.
While giving her spheel you can see Trump scribbling down furiously. And he ended the debate saying he will stop African Americas form killing each other in the inner cities.
Every time that I see him "taking notes," I imagine that what he's really doing is [sketching like Jackie Treehorn](http://imgur.com/Oru1Dhd).
Are people saying African Americans purposefully excluding other black Americans? I'm so confused. (/s)
It's actually spelled spiel, it's German.
That last bit about the inner city was some crazy racist stuff.
Even when he's not trying to be racist he's a fucking racist. It's not just black people in the inner cities, hombre
But Trump has a great relationship with the Blacks
spiel :)
Thanks. I didn't want to be 'that guy'
Nah...he's got no game.
Nice play on words.
Muh eurogamer
Yeah. He can't seem to understand that equating minorities and the inner city is not the way to go.
Equating minorities to being violent uneducated unemployable thugs, yes, that's not the way to go.
Most of Trump's comments regarding cities and minorities aren't directed at actual urban people and minorities, they're directed at his supporters who want to be able to say, "You see?? Trump's not racist! He's going to make life BETTER for 'the Mexicans!!'"
You're right. He just fails to see how many other people he will be alienating by talking that way.
At some point Trump is just gonna be Trump. He's a racist asshole to the core and can't hide that, he breathes this dogma. He has no experience in the real world, hasn't learned any life lessons so he just spouts generalities like minority = poor, uneducated, inner cities, illegal, lawlessness. Terrorism = muslim, iran, iraq, syria, islam, ISIS, nukes. There is no nuance, there is no attempt to understand a problem 3 dimensionally. Just word clouds.
At one point he actually said they're all poor and uneducated. He also failed to mention that chicagoans get all their guns by driving 20 minutes into the next county.
"At one point he actually said" You can pretty much stop there and just start writing a new book "Shit Trump Says"
They steal guns they can't buy them...in Indiana the atf/state laws prohibit guns being sold to any one that lives in Illinois....it's a felony.
We don't talk about "East Chicago" (Lake County) much in Indiana.
I literally yelled IT'S NOT AN ISLAND PEOPLE GET THEM OUTSIDE THE CITY AARRRGGGHH. My SO and dog quietly fled the room.
He could say the schools are poor or mismanaged and there are no opportunities, but instead he goes "they have no education or jobs"
Poorly worded, but at least he recognizes there's a problem. Or maybe he doesn't, but his campaign does. Either way.
Most guns involved in crime in Chicago originate in Indiana. If only Trumo knew the governor there!
Indiana and Mississippi
I can imagine an exchange going like this: The Don: "Kelly, can you find out who is the governor of Indiana for me? I need to talk to this loser, right now. It's sad, just sad, what's going on in the inner c..." *Pence walks into the room* Pence: I know the Governor of Indiana, and knowing is half the battle. *GI JOE theme plays*
Hillary: Fair enough, I have one because of course I do.
lol! As usual well prepared.
I like how she smiled when he said that. Of course she fucking had one.
Trump: I'll randomly blabber for a minute, I haven't tried that one yet.
Trump: America, if you want four more years of an incredibly popular, successful president that you overwhelmingly re- elected for a second term, vote for Hillary. Trump's inner monologue: Nailed it.
And Trump recited his "get shot trying to buy a loaf of bread " shit
She's the Batman of politicians. All the shit they've put her through has the potential to make her a really good POTUS.
And it was basically an encore performance of her best answer from the second debate. I was so happy to hear those "just words" again.
Trump: *Hillary sucks.* ^(Nailed ^it.)
One? I wouldn't be surprised if she had a full playbook like in football and just pulled one of the 73 she's had prepared off the top of her head.
Chris Wallace: I know you didn't prepare a closing statement... Hillary: bitch I could recite to you 15 different closing statements right now. You could wake me from a drunken stupor and I could still give you like 9.
10 - make that 10
I love that bill burr special
Good old Bill Burr
What did you say to me you little bitch? I have you know i... Nah, I'm not going to go copypasta
do it do it
Is there already a Hillary Clinton version of that copypasta? I can imagine it working pretty well. She even has legit secret raids on Al-Qaeda.
She was in the room when bin Laden died, but yeah, soooo weak on terrorism.
And that's why I will be voting for her -- because the woman is PREPARED.
That's on SNL I guarantee it. Lol
Hillary Clinton could legitimately run foreign policy better in a drunken stupor than Trump at his best.
I'd pay to see either.
She can drink with the best of them, and can apparently keep up with eastern European diplomats, so I think the drunken stupor is part of her strategy
Just curious, is her drinking history a noted public fact? Don't see or hear too many politicians drinking (openly) with others getting drunk
According to her owncampaign, her drinking is a problem.
If you even scratch the surface of Clinton world, you will find that almost every anecdote about Hillary is that she is a badass who goes hard all the time and doesn't take shit from anybody.
All I found was a bunch of sketchy articles accusing her of having a drinking problem.
How insane is it that this is, without question, true.
Trump: it's ok, even if you had given me prior notice, I wouldn't have prepared a closing argument. Hell, I haven't even prepared for any of the debates.
Trump: Prepare? I just say what my mind tells me. It's great, have you seen this brain? Phenomenal, it's really great. Let me tell you, this is the brain that's gonna beat ISIS. Then we're gonna go after Iran, because we got the nukes, and if you elect her they're gonna have em, believe me, with their bundles of cash, big as this stage, so vote for me!
Oh god, I want this back-and-forth in the next SNL cold open.
Hell, I haven't prepared for this election
I used to recite closing statements instead of bedtime stories to Chelsea.
They read the newspaper to her instead of story books
Mom I'm 20 and in college now Shush dear I'm going to need you to fact check it in the morning
I always thought she was saying "FAT CHECK"
Just go to my website where we have real time fact checking
I thought it was funny how she told people to google it this time instead of directing people to her website.
Also she didn't say "Trumped up trickle down economics".
I was super pissed, I had both of these on my bingo card.
Republican candidate arguing for stricter regulations on businesses, Democratic candidate rattling sabers against Russia, Fox News having the fairest debate moderator....is this the mirror universe?
No, but it's the darkest timeline
We have truly transitioned to the upside-down
I'm not really sure what just happened.
It's the darkest timeline.
The dankest timeline.
Well I don't think there are enough goatees for that to be right.
Republicans defending Wikileaks and Democrats hunting them....it really is, it really is.
I think WikiLeaks, at least initially, was all about rustling the jimmies of authority. At the time that was a Republican administration. Now it is Democratic.
Welcome to the berenstain bear universe, things are different here.
You mean Berenstein... right???
Kellyanne Conway on CNN right now: "Trump will accept the results of the election because he will win the election." edit: she just walked out on the interview in the spin room!
Wow. I unfortunately didn't see this because I was at work. Is there a video of this?
http://www.cnn.com/videos/politics/2016/10/20/third-presidential-debate-conway-trump-election-results-sot.cnn
Thank you kind sir!
If you fish around, I'm sure you could find it in an article or linked on twitter.
Thanks ! I was able to do that!
[Here you go](https://twitter.com/cnn/status/788939169808646144)
Thanks!
Let me know if you find one! Interested as well.
https://twitter.com/cnn/status/788939169808646144 http://www.cnn.com/videos/politics/2016/10/20/third-presidential-debate-conway-trump-election-results-sot.cnn Boom.
[Link is in the tweet](https://twitter.com/cnn/status/788939169808646144)
Thanks!
I love Coopers inhale like "Don't say anything, be professional Cooper"
She's so precious!
The SNL skit about her really humanized her for me. It's a tough job, but someone's gotta do it.
She's been on Real Time. She's fuckin smart. And she's really good at her job. But fuck if Trump doesn't try his fucking damndest to ensure he can't win.
Did you watch today's /r/southpark?
No. I haven't watched South Park for years.
> She's been on Real Time. She's fuckin smart I'm a huge Real Time fan, and let me tell you, 1: Those two things are not related. Specifically, being on the show does not imply any amount of intelligence (Ann Coulter is a regular, for example) 2: she doesn't usually fare well on the show. She's a good sport and friend of Bill, but she doesn't bring an A game.
I agree. Bill has Gary Johnson on his show, and just the other week noted that he was an idiot. He doesn't always have the best guests. That being said, I loved all of the panel when pitbull was there.
I felt it was obviously implied that there was an extra step in my thought process that didn't need to be elaborated on. I have seen her on Real Time, wherein it was apparent she is very good at the particular task she is paid for, not that being on the show itself demonstrates intelligence. There are fucking morons on that show all the time. Within the context of who she has to sell, especially in that environment, she has done an extraordinary job of it. Do you think Trump has gotten this far by himself? Because I don't. Beyond that, while I find Coulter to be a reprehensible and disgusting skeleton of evil, she isn't stupid. She's very, very good at manipulating both the people who support her and the far left.
That tape of her on Real Time should be shown on the first day of any argument and persuasion class. Even though she is totally fucking wrong, and knows it, she still sells it really well and convincingly.
This is exactly what I was referring to. I disagree with what she's doing from an ethical perspective, but damn if she ain't good at it.
I can't wait until she writes her tell all book
I suspect trump had nearly everyone involved with his campaign sign NDAs
That's a shame, I would love to read everything that went on behind the scenes of that campaign.
... which will not be valid when Trump doesn't pay her
Apparently, she was smart enough to get paid by someone else for this job. A bona fide billionaire too, if I recall correctly.
She's a pollster, she sees the writing on the wall. And I don't think that she has a future if she helps Donald Trump with ... whatever he does when he loses.
Hope not.
"I need to update my resumé. I wonder if I can claim I was actually in a convent throughout this entire year."
> whatever he does when he loses. Molest women?
I mean, he does that when he wins, too.
And children.
Actually it was Clinton who laughed at a 12 year old rape victim while defending the rapist. Look it up.
Sigh. She laughed incredulously at the fact that her client passed a polygraph. You know, that laugh that means "I can't even believe this is a thing that happened." She knew he shouldn't have passed and thought it showed how ass-backward polygraphs are. At least listen to the audio or read the actual quotes before commenting.
How about you look it up. Somewhere other than InfoWars. http://www.snopes.com/hillary-clinton-freed-child-rapist-laughed-about-it/ http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/oct/10/donald-trump/trump-says-clinton-laughed-about-rape-case/
The fact this has legs at all surprises me. Does it really seem likely that anyone would laugh at a 12 year old rape victim? Yes, in that video she laughs, but there's a thing called context.
Still a relevant username
To be fair that's like the one line he didn't cross yet.
He's going to court over molesting a 12 year old, so I guess we'll see if he's crossed that line.
Oh, haven't heard about that before but I guess it doesn't really suprise me...
When your campaign manager refuses to talk to the media after a debate, you know you just had a really really really catastrophically bad time.
I don't see where you get that from. I don't like either one of them, but honestly he won. She scrambled about everything. Trying to paint the Russians as bad guys because she had more leaked emails was honestly hilarious. You could see her face react whenever she realized she had no defense, and she'd try to distract by bragging about the Clinton foundation or something else. She struggled facing her lies and past multiple times.
lol you've got to be kidding me
This is definitely an echo chamber but Trump suffered in this debate from what has constantly plagued his campaign, he doesn't explain his solutions. He lacks detail and substance beyond attacking politicians, like Hillary, large vague groups of people, illegal immigrants. Hillary was bad this debate, trump continued to be an empty bag of hot air
What do you mean he doesn't explain his solutions? Were you sleeping when he said he'd build a great machine? A machine!!!
I thought she was really good this debate besides her total non-answer on the CF and 1 other thing which i forgot where she made a super transparent pivot. Trump started off well but by the end he was in 100% gibberish mode.
I think you are thinking about the wikileaks question where she avoided talking about the contents of the leaks and pivoted to talking about how Russia wants Trump.
I actually don't think that was a pivot. She was basically saying that you can't even trust the leaked emails because of who is leaking them (Russia). They can remove context, cherry picking statements like the "open borders" thing, and paint it in any light they want to before it's posted.
First off, it's pure conjecture that Russia is responsible for the leaks. Fundamentally the point of bringing up russia is to move the conversation away from a negative point about her to a negative point about Trump. > They can remove context, cherry picking statements like the "open borders" thing, and paint it in any light they want to before it's posted. That wasn't cherry picked in the leaks, but cherry picked in the question. I would say she prepared that response to avoid talking about the contents of the leak and to pivot to the Russian-Trump accusations.
17 US intelligence agencies assert that it's Russia. But I'm sure you and the orange one know better.
I thought that 17 US intelligence agencies assert that russia hacked them, not that they leaked the emails. Last I heard it was thought that multiple sources potentially all hacked the DNC, so it wasn't known which one did the leaking. If you have a source otherwise, Ill amend my statement. Edit: it seems that the report noted: >The U.S. Intelligence Community (USIC) is confident that the Russian Government directed the recent compromises of e-mails from US persons and institutions, including from US political organizations. The recent disclosures of alleged hacked e-mails on sites like DCLeaks.com and WikiLeaks and by the Guccifer 2.0 online persona are consistent with the methods and motivations of Russian-directed efforts. https://www.dni.gov/index.php/newsroom/press-releases/215-press-releases-2016/1423-joint-dhs-odni-election-security-statement So I had remembered incorrectly, my bad. I am not sure how certain you can be that Russia carried it out just because it looked like how Russia typically operates as that seems sketchy to me, but I am not an expert.
It could have been clearer, but that was my understanding as well.
Yeah you're right that was it. Her team must have really wanted her to press Trump on Russia because it seemed to be a strategically misplaced pivot. On the other hand the leaks are such a political and legal grey area that ignoring them might have actually been the best move.
It might have been the best strategy: talk about the things that make you look good and don't talk about the things that make you look bad. Nevertheless, it was a pretty clear pivot and I wish we heard a bit more about the leaks.
Did you sustain a head injury?
I see this debate as a lot more even than what you guys are making it out to be. You guys are so heavily influenced by each other it's crazy
It wasn't even at all. Trump lost.
Didn't say that.
Relevant username.
Did Hillary's campaign manager talk to the media??
Yes
I suspect she might kill him in his sleep after the election is over
One could say you were...a disaster.
His performance was deplorable.
What a mess!
Bigly
^^^^^^wrong
Anyone notice the part where Wallace was asking a question, giving context, and Trump interrupted with a big "Correct". And Wallace was llike "Uh...Thanks, Now if I may continue..."?
Actually he laughed and said "thank you sir". Way to spin it lmao.......
He interrupted Wallace twice. You're referring to one instance, and they the other.
Ah okay, thanks for clearing that up.
Is that what you saw
The "thank you, sir" was sarcastic but alright.
So now he didn't say uh thanks, now he was sarcastic instead? K. Debate was just on.
If you're too dense to notice the sarcasm of that thank you, I seriously hope you're not of voting age.
What a petty thing to be hurling insults for. Like really...
you sound like you have the intelligence of a trump supporter, you seem like a pro-trump voter
Okay.
OP saying "Wallace was like..." Implies he was paraphrasing because he didn't remember Wallace's exact wording. Wallace did say "Thank you, sir" (or something extremely close, don't recall exactly), but his chuckle was clearly at Donald's awkward and out of place "Correct"
Wait when did this happen?
Hilarious! Haha!!
Wallace was probably thinking, "No shit, I'm not here to peddle outright lies like you."
Yup.
Haha that was pretty funny
I think he cut in with "obviously" at one point too.
I want a gif of that to go with the "WRONG" one.
Cringeanarchy
I was like "awwww how cute. He thinks this is going well for him..."
Trump cuts in with these little comments, and he just can't help himself. Happens a lot.
It makes Trump look foolish, it's not like Wallace was going to outright lie about something in a question on national television as the first FOX Mews anchor to ever moderate a presidential debate.
Yeah, on the slow growth of the economy in the years after the recession, in comparison to past recoveries. That smug smile that spread across Trump's face was priceless and also so punch-inviting. Looked like a cartoon pig what had eaten the most delicious truffle in the world.
The smug look on trumps face was hilarious
The best part was the reactions of both candidates. Trump honestly looked proud of himself, and Hillary was smiling to herself because the moderator had just subtly called out her opponent.
Trump's interruptions of Wallace were amazing. He was pressing Clinton on the appearance of a conflict of interest with her Foundation, and her answer was not the best. But when he want back to press her again Trump came in and started talking about throwing gays off roofs, and Clinton was like "hell yes Don let's change the topic to something insane."
And that's what you as a voter cling onto as the takeaway? Not the MASSIVE CORRUPTION that is the Clinton Foundation? 90% of donations go to personal expenses and travel. Haiti got six pennies on the dollar of what was donated, she fucked them big league. You're not supposed to be voting on personality, remember that and start thinking about what actually matters.
Seriously? 90%? Where is that source on? (genuine question)
Fair enough, the exact number can't be proven now that I've dug into it more but how do you explain this: http://www.nationalreview.com/article/437883/hillarys-america-secret-history-democratic-party-dinesh-dsouza-clinton-foundation She fucked Haiti big league, she's a reverse Robin Hood.
Thanks for sharing, Rocket. I'm still a little skeptical about the honesty of that article, especially when you cross-check their bias and reputation by looking on their landing page. http://www.nationalreview.com/
That "90%" statistic relies on a totally inaccurate accounting of CF expenditures. [A more accurate reading](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/aug/25/reince-priebus/reince-priebus-false-claim-80-clinton-foundation-c/) shows that "in 2014, 87.2 percent of the Clinton Foundation’s expenses were on program services" and "it spends only 12 percent of the money it raises on "overhead".
I'm not voting on personality. I'm voting on policy. Clinton wants policies that I favor so I vote for her. It's the reason she's leading in the polls.
We'll see how many of those policies actually make it to legislation (practically none of them), but I think you're in for a surprise come mid November.
What surprise is that?
That mass media has been painting rainbows and unicorns this entire campaign cycle meanwhile something very different is happening in reality. I'll be flabbergasted if he doesn't win the popular vote. Whether he wins the electoral vote is still up for debate, I guess it depends on how many illegal immigrants they can get registered to vote and "bus" in with private rental cars since busses have become too obvious after their methods have been exposed to the public.
Dude, you're in a cult. Trump is a cult. Get out of the cult before you hurt yourself or somebody else.
It was extremely satisfying hearing Wallace repeat "Mr. Trump, Mr. Trump, please Mr. Trump Please if you will let me. . . " Because it made Trump look that much more like a childish jerk.
Half of me is mad she didn't answer the question, but the other half of me applauded the fact that she was smart enough to recognize Donald's interruption as an easy way to get out of the corner she was in. Like her or not, girl's got mad debate skills.
She struggled a lot. Took any escape she could find. I saw her face fall several times into this blank look while bragging about the foundation or some other practiced line while trying to get away from the fact that she was confronted with things she had no defense for.
Still a relevant username.
I'm honestly a little disappointed in all these debates. Clinton's biggest strength as a politician who is a major policy hawk, well read on every issue to an insane level, who usually doesn't give the time of day to anything else. Her main problem is that she doesn't really care about stuff like using private email servers, and she has had to study a lot on how to do the traditional bloviating politician shtick. If the Republicans had actually nominated a semi-serious candidate, we would probably be having some very sharp and revealing policy discussion where Clinton and this imaginary Republican go toe to toe on where economic growth comes from, how to untangle Syria, and what can be done to improve race relations. We would here about body cameras, carbon caps, and entitlement reform like they were nothing. Instead, we get this shit. Clinton is one of the smartest people out there and will be a much better President than she is a campaigner. If the GOP thinks they will have an easy time in 2020 they are in for a surprise.
Don't get too cocky about 2020, Paul Ryan has the potential to make a really challenging candidate.
I'm not saying 2020 will be easy. Holding on the the white house for 16 years in a row is difficult to do. But I'm saying thay 2016 Clinton + emails + Benghazi + no actual policy debate is easier to beat than 2020 Clinton with 4 years of a Preaidency under her belt. If she can get her stimulus passed and economy takes off, the GOP will have a hard time refuting her while they try and move on from Trump.
If there was a magical semi-serious republican candidate, Hillary would be in a lot of trouble. Even with opposition like Trump, the email scandal is hitting hard. Granted, she would have a much easier time in 2020 once the leaks are behind her.
How exactly are the leaks hitting her hard?
until the first debate and tape leak, SHE was the one trending downwards in the polls, and for a time there in September they were almost neck and neck.
You do realize that was *before* wikileaks started leaking, right)
Yeah but it's all relative. Now there's the double-digit sex scandals, disparagement towards women (50% of the votes, mind you) and almost every other minority group (another big %), and "let's leave you in suspense whether I want to honor our democratic history". Compared to that, emails are a walk in a park. (Which obviously is not ideal when electing someone for the most important job.)
I'm not sure what that has to do with my comment.
She's only ten points ahead instead of twenty.
If you need your debate fix, look at the Sanders vs. Clinton primary debates.
"Well, I was gonna give you a chance, Donnie, but those rape accusations are coming up now. ...Fucker."
Now all I can hear is High Pitch Eric saying, *I love Donnie.* Which is now how I am picturing Trumps voter base.
"Umm...I'm not sure we should be using 1950's television as a benchmark for what is or isn't offensive to say in 2016." - Anderson Cooper lol....Jeffrey Lord is losing it on CNN
He keeps smirking in the split screen. Even he doesn't believe the stuff he is saying anymore.
Would Cooper even be on TV if it was the 50's?
Certainly not after he came out. He would have been immediately off air
Notice Jeffrey Lord's resemblance to Andrew Jackson?
Is there a video online of this? I'd love to see it.
[here] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C25x-BPb7Ds)
Is he Archie Bunker reincarnated?
What'd he say?
He defended "bad hombres" as an inoffensive saying. First, he said it's "not as bad as the N word". Then, he followed that by saying that he hears people using it all the time. When someone asked where he hears it, he cited "1950s TV shows".
As a Mexican I don't find it offensive but in Mexico I'm hardly an oppressed person. Why would it be considered offensive in the US? Tbf, I thought Trump sounded pretty stupid when he said that. I'm not saying it wasn't bad, I just want to understand why.
I think people aren't so much offended by the term, it is more that is seems like a wink to the deplorables and they don't need any encouragement.
I'm not offended by it, but man, it could've been defended much better. Wew
Here's [most of the segment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C25x-BPb7Ds). Personally, I thought it was mostly just funny that Lord had such weak defenses. The general idea was that it's part of a pattern of dog whistle racism from Trump. Honestly, I think I'd butcher the explanation of why that term specifically feels racist, but I'm sure there will be a bunch of articles on it tomorrow.
Jeffrey Lord was defending Trump's use of the term "bad hombres" and said he heard that on TV in the 50s all the time.
Who let Jeffrey Lord on TV? He's so awful that I no longer watch CNN panels if I see him. I immediately change the channel. He's worse than all the blonde Trumpsteristas put together.
Ohhh but what was even better was he continued and said "it's not as bad as the N word! Right?" And leaned over to Van for support. Everyone then just let him float with no support on that. I don't think I've ever laughed that hard in my life.
Even Kayleigh was totally embarrassed by that remark. Everyone's cringy laughter was just so uncomfortable.
My new favorite pastime is watching videos of Jeffrey Lord getting shit on by an entire panel.
have any links I could check out?
Here's a snippet of the post-debate panel from the other day. I couldn't find a full video of it, but he takes fire at several points, not just the one in this clip: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C25x-BPb7Ds Here's a nice 20-minute video from a little while ago: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJ25U6kEyQk edit: here's another one https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=79aQVtitNnw
These were great, thanks.
But the 1950's was when America was great! /s
And when the highest tax bracket was 90%. These people are fucking stupid.
Wait, for real? I'm a filthy rube that actually doesn't know what the highest tax rate was in 1950.
You probably don't try to pass yourself off as being knowledgeable about it, either.
Not usually. I have done a bit of reading on the subject since last night because that boggles my mind, but by no means am I an expert. And obviously before I already admitted I didn't know.
Yeah the highest bracket was super high up until Reagan slashed em. The way tax brackets work is e.g. : every dollar you earn 1-9.99MM is taxed at 35% every dollar after 10MM in that year is taxed at 90%. This is just an example but I wanna stress because lots get this wrong, at no time does making more money and getting taxed more mean that you make less net money.
Not quite. Kennedy actually was the first to cut the taxes.
Yeah I understand how tax brackets work I just didn't know there was ever a rate that high.
It was purely for show. There were just more deductions then. Rich people still didn't pay any taxes.
I dug a little deeper and went through some articles on the subject and even the conservative ones looking to "debunk" the idea claim the effective rate (via loopholes and clever accounting) only got the highest taxed down to around 70%. But capital gains were much lower. Interestingly it seems the corporate tax rate was also much higher than it is now, hanging out around 50%, with the effective tax rate being slightly higher than Obamas proposal of 29% (the effective corporate tax rate I'm 1950 seeming to have been 31%). I obviously didn't have time to fact check that yet but the articles were from the Bloomberg report and seem to be confirmed with other conservative articles that I've been able to look at in the short time since I posted that comment. Interestingly, these articles also said these rates were tolerated because there was very little global competition (China was smaller, Europe and Russia were devastated from war, few parts of the third world were as industrialized yet) and because there were promises of lowered rates and loop holes. The evidence seems to suggest there were fewer loop holes then than there are now.
Australian here, lots of otherwise smart, normal people do not realise this. They complain about being pushed into a "higher tax bracket" as if it means they get less money.
They do get less money on average for each hour of work they put in, which is enough to piss people off. If I worked 4000 hours a year, and expected to be compensated at $3,000 per hour, I would hate to find out that the last 700 hours I put in during the year were taxed at 90%. What's the point of working hard for those extra hours if my compensation is going to be dropped to 10% of what I was making the rest of the year?
This is "diminishing returns" and it's kind of the entire point of a bracketed tax system. At no point does working an additional hour reduce the amount you get paid for the previous hours you worked, which is what my (and parent's) point was. It just doesn't net you as much for the extra hours.
Yes it does. If I earned X amount of money for 10 months of work, and 10%X for the last two months of the year, then on average, I earned 85%X a month.
The point is if they want another dollar theyll pay the tax. If they don't want another dollar they can post themselves less, I'm cool with that. People making that much are salaried. And likely getting big bonuses.
I think the point is that it's not valuable and may be counter-productive to the general society for someone to pay themselves that much. At the point of 90% tax they might just pay their workers more instead. And if they don't willingly do that, the government will just take that money to subsidize their low worker wages anyway.
I doubt many people in the top tax brackets are being paid hourly. In fact I would be very surprised if any were. Any bracket below that and the jump is not that noticeable.
That's just a simple example to get the point across. The amount of work takes more time, even if it isn't an hourly wage. If you make 2 million a month, and found out that you'll be taxed at 90% for the last two months of the year, then you might as well take those months off. Why work just as hard for 60 days for 200k when you already made 10 million?
That's a very simplistic view. Say you have a company that you run. There is a certain level of work that you need to put in to maintain its profitability. If you are putting in the work to make it into the top bracket, you wouldn't suddenly stop as soon as you hit the highest bracket, because then your company would stop earning you the amount that brought you up to that point. If you ran a company, would you measure out your effort to just barely stop under the top tax bracket, or would you work to make it as profitable as possible? Your examples might make sense in theory, but you would be hard pressed to find real life examples of it.
In the US, it is kind of annoying because of the way employer withholdings work. Most places I've worked at count your current pay period income as the benchmark by which they count all taxes. So if you get a quarterly or even monthly sales bonus, your withholding will be a lot higher. Example, you make 3k per month except for 4 months when your quarterly bonus hits. You get paid 5k those months. If your normal tax rate is 20% because you actually make 44k per year, your withholding might be weird in those quarter periods because they're withholding like you make 60k. Not a professional so I may be wrong but this was my impression of why my partners pay stubs are weird. It all washes out when you do your tax return. If you didn't pay enough you'll owe, and if you paid in too much you get a refund. People with less stable income can mess with their allowances and exemptions to adjust their withholdings too, but they then run the risk of owing money at the end.
Yeah, but to play devil's advocate, the opponents to the progressive tax say that the high earners are given less incentive to earn even MORE money than they already do, which goes against economic growth. We should be encouraging everyone, including the rich, to generate as much revenue as they can. Personally I think some form of progressive tax is a really good idea and more valuable than a flat income tax. I guess the opposition can say "well we should cut government waste and benefits" well yeah but we're so deep in the hole we probably need to make cuts and increase (or at least hold steady) tax revenue.
> high earners are given less incentive to earn even MORE money than they already do, which goes against economic growth Does it really go against economic growth though? Isn't that the argument of "trickle down economics"?
I love how they gloss over that so often.
They always gloss over facts, and instead base their policy and opinions on how things *feel*.
Clinton: He was for the war Trump: WRONG Clinton: He said the primaries were rigged Trump: WRONG Clinton: He said Emmies were rigged Trump: That one is legit
SNL currently is out of ideas on how to mock Trump more than Trump has done to himself.
Not like we totally can't google you and find contradictions in a few minutes at this point. Nope, not at all
the worse part is about the emmy thing, he proved her point
He should've won bigly.
He said big league
I think it's funny how rump supporters seem split on how to defend against this joke. Half of them say "It's actually big league" and half say "bigly is a real word!".
For the record I'm not a Trump supporter
Sorry about that, fixed.
The man may behave like three turds stacked on each other, but he sure can be funny.
Raging Jackass indeed
*raping
Clinton: "He said the primaries were rigged" Trump: "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXwkuGgawJw"
I like to think that trump would rattle off a url
[deleted]
[George michael careless whisper](https://youtu.be/izGwDsrQ1eQ)
[The song is "Careless Whisper" by *Wham!* that was slowed down by maybe 30%.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inBD4f253Pg)
careful shout
I don't know what this is, but I think I like it?
Honestly, that is the only time in this campaign that he appeared likeable at all. I actually cracked a smile at that. Then it quickly disappeared.
*leans into microphone* "Correct"
He's already starting wars, with the Emmys of all people? THOSE PEOPLE VOTED FOR GAME OF THRONES. How dare he hate Dany.
Try to grab Dany's pussy! I triple dragon dare ya!
The Mother of Dragons vs The Father of Deplorables
One group blows a lot of hot air, and the other sucks trumpet
Can't believe he went back to "wrong." How do you think that's a good idea at this point? That wasn't doubling down, just makes you look afraid of what your opponent has to say.
The theory is he does it to interrupt the speaker so they can't get a decent sound bite for the post debate news cycle.
> think found your problem
Like a fucking comic bringing his old schtick back.
Dude, you're so wrong on that interpretation. WRONG.
His performance is for his ego and the hicks at rallies selling Trump hats and mugs that will visit his hotel and watch his future pay per view Clinton Watch show before it fades after his death from Viagra OD .
You're making the erroneous assumption that the hicks at his rallies could ever afford to stay at any of his hotels. I'll admit, the properties that bear his name are great, but I'm fully aware they only licensed his name and have nothing to do with his management.
[deleted]
Yes, I realize you were being satirical haha. Just reveling in the fun.
Saying that Hillary couldn't "translate" what he said made him look really childish too
And is more of a burn for himself than for Hillary.
Yup, it was basically him saying that his response made no sense.
Literally everything he did made him look childish.
It's now his trademark. Hopefully that's the only word his family puts on his headstone
*Made America wrong again.*
God dammit this shit sucks so much
Savage
Here Lies Donald Trump 1946-2023 He Was Wrong
>1943-2016 Ftfy
I'm going to bet he promised a whole bunch of wealthy Russian oligarch investors an election that he then failed to deliver. Do Russians do the cement shoe thing, or is that strictly an Italian mob stereotype?
I'm pretty sure that the US would have to respond to Russia assassinating Donald Trump, little as we'd want to do so. And no, I don't mean sending them a gift basket. Though we could do that, too.
I'm pretty sure they drown you in cheap vodka
No, that's how they celebrate.
Tomayto, tomahto
Win, or lose?
OMG what if Melania is actually his handler?
>June 14th 1946 - Nov 29th 2016
Priorities
Trump TV: Electric Boogaloo -**The quest for the Emmy**
Why in the FUCK would he lie about those things. He is so petty its inconceivable. Trump absolutely destroyed himself with women, INCREDIBLE. He is fucking DONE baring some nuke from wikileaks.
There's some nice cluster bombs from Wimileaks and the O'Keefe videos. However, The DNC likes to blindly lie and blame Vladamir Putin (ahem, the Russian commies!!!!), instead of admitting it was probably someone from within the DNC who leaked the info. Also, Clinton only brings up "those Wikileaks are espionage!." .... Well, they also prove without a doubt the DNC does illegal and corrupt things
He didn't lie about those things? Are people seriously still saying the primaries weren't rigged?
He's not lying about opposing the Iraq war. His answer on Howard Stern in September 2002 was clearly hesitant and not really supportive of the war. In February 2003, he was asked the same question on Fox News, and he refused to say he supported the war, instead saying "the economy is more important". It's very unfair to refuse to accept he opposed the war. It matches up perfectly with his foreign policy in general, and the praise he has given to Saddam and Gaddafi.
No its not, bc he could have just said no he didnt think it was a good idea. He succumbed to what a lot of people did at the time, pressure to be against the tide of support for the war. If he was any bit of a man, he would have just accepted that he was wrong, as Hillary has done, and moved on. That gets people to look past it. Instead he has refused to accept it, which is just a stupid decision. Its fucking politics, take the blows you are going to have to take, and move on and attack. My god, learn to pick your damn battles.
He very obviously privately opposed it, so why should he come out and apologise and accept that he was wrong when he knows otherwise? His answers in those 2 shows, clearly indicate he wasn't a strong supporter of the war but was hesitant to publicly go against the prevailing wind of the time. His opposition to the war matches up with his ideology, which he has been consistent on all of his public life. He simply wouldn't want to waste billions of dollars helping out foreigners, which was ultimately what the Iraq war was about. It was a liberal intervention. And there is proof that he opposed the war after it started, so it is absolutely fair to say he opposed the war and wrong to say that it's a lie.
He wasn't a strong supporter, but he was still a supporter. He may have been reluctant, but thats not the point. Its either a yes or no at the end of the day. And again, its a small loss to say it. Does Hillary get damaged now by saying she voted for the war? NO. People have moved on from that.
What happened during the debate that destroyed him with women? Edited for clarity
How's the rock you've been living under?
I thought he was implying he did something during the debate to hurt himself more.
It apparently didn't have Trump, so it was probably very nice.
He groped them.
I thought he was implying he did something during the debate to hurt himself more.
Interrupting her closing speech with "What a nasty woman" That's the clincher. Interrupting (a woman) in her closing statement is stupid enough as is, but he has to make use of her gender to augment his insult? Why not "See how Nasty she is?" The fact that he used woman in an insult AT THE END OF THE DEBATE - and when he should NOT interrupt... Embarrassingly stupid mistake.
It wasn't in her closing speech, it was in her response about Medicare and Social Security. She said something to the effect of "having the rich pay their fair share will save those programs, which includes Donald assuming he can't find a way out of it." After that was when he interrupted her. It was still a horribly advised action to take on his part. It wasn't unprovoked, but he did overreact in a bad way.
To me, his abortion points, how he handled his responses about the sex scandals, there were others too. My wife was sitting next to me and she was dumbfounded at his responses.
Even if he takes a wikileak on America, it's illegitimate. It's coming from hackers. It's horseshit. It's trailer trash trump.
Isn't there an alleged nuke or two more tapes of equal or greater weight as the pussy one?
It's Trump using the N word repeatedly on an outtake of the Apprentice. Odds are it'll never see the light of day though because the producers are trying really hard to prevent it from from getting it leaked (due to an NDA).
The Strumpets have already disenfranchised any legitimate concern that could bar Hillary's presidency. I don't believe anything they point fingers at as it's false outrage. The fucking boys who cried woof.
At this point, the nuke from wiki leaks needs to be so incredibly bad for Trump to pull ahead. I am actively trying to think of something that could change my vote to Trump, and I'm actually unable to think of anything. - Clinton had someone killed? Still better than Trump. - Multiple people killed? Not nearly bad enough. - Formed ISIS with her bare hands and is a high ranking leader? Blonde woman shows they're more progressive than I thought... - Caused the economic collapse/Great Recession single-handedly? Nope, not nearly enough. - Is a clone of Hitler raised with Nazi propaganda? That might start me reconsidering...
I hope this is exaggeration.
People wouldn't exaggerate for comedic effect on the internet!
You are a serial killer yourself? Sounds like it.
Hillary could come to my house and shoot my horse, drink my all my whiskey, kick my tortoise, and piss on all my Magic cards and I'd still probably vote for her.
You probably shouldn't just because of the fact that she's a stupid bitch.
Well aren't you just a ray of sunshine. You're almost as pleasant as your groper in chief.
Woah hold on now, how many Magic cards are we talking here?
At least 100,000. She'll need a lot of piss.
That's why she needs to drink the whisky first.
That's quite a list of things. What an interesting life you lead...
He's realized people who did their research are already not voting for him
Done? Are you kidding? He's barely started. Wait for November, and December, when Donald will continue campaigning "T'is but a flesh wound!"
What's amazing is that he lies about things that are so easily verified. Like when Clinton simply asked people to Google trump's position on Iraq
Those abortion comments - jeez Was Kellyanne subtweeting him?
[deleted]
I'm curious about these "on-the-fence" voters...really? Still? At this point?
For sure. I had so many moments where I just threw up my arms in disbelief of how he actually said the WORST thing you could say at that point. Incredible really.
Could you imagine him in a serious heated negotiation with a foreign dignitary? Jesus, we'd be at war with everyone in a year.
Except hillary actually said she wants war? Please don't talk about shit you don't understand, war doesen't start over insults
Unless the insult is directed at some vague location 1000km from Trump...
We already are, it is HILLARY who is the proven murderer, not DJT.
Proven, huh.
Narcissism is a hellova drug *sniff*
[deleted]
The real MVP is Trump's coke dealer.
Me and my sister did a sniff count...we lost count after 25
This will be on the SNL cold open on Saturday.
I can't wait. Our Democracy is in shambles but between, SNL, Colbert, and Stewart we still have the best comedic political commentary. OH NO, we don't even have that anymore
You should check out Seth Myers, every single thing he does on Trump is gold. Edit: oh god how could I forget John Oliver. Though everything he does full stop is gold.
I think most comedians are personally cringing at the thought of him being elected, but the ability to basically print money making fun of him has to be a pretty sweet consolation prize.
Except Trump has a tendency to sue comedians who make fun of him, which would dissuade many. That said, I would totally contribute money for giant blow-up Oompa Loompas outside of Trump's White House.
Check out Sam Bee. Close-ish to Stewart. Edit: only angrier. She spits fire. I love it.
Thank goodness we have her because Trevor Noah is lackluster.
I sometimes want her to take a deep breath just so she won't faint.
Yeah! I like her biting commentary a lot, but *geez lady calm down for a second.*
And John Oliver
His segment on Gary Johnson and Jill Stein last week was pure gold.
Oliver is probably my favorite comedic political commentary show for sure. Still miss Stewart and "Colbert" nightly though.
It already was
They did do this joke but now we have to add in a section about the Emmy's. They have a ton of material to work with and I can't wait. Guaranteed the writers and actors are hard at work right now.
I feel like they don't have that much work to do... jokes about Trump basically write themselves.
I kind of feel sorry for them. How are they going to top this?
It's certainly pretty difficult to make this election seem more ridiculous than it already is.
The amazing race was what beat his show lol
Deservedly so!
I bet watching the debate in the SNL writers room is quite an experience.
ah, it's like beating a dead horse by now
[yep](http://carboncostume.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/frankrossitano.jpg)
Oh god, you're right.
gets halfway through writing a response, has to throw it away because trump just out-lampooned it.
"There is just so much material what do we do with all of it"
I listened to most of the debate on the radio, honestly wasn't sure if it was Alec Baldwin or Trump. "Wrong" "Wrong"
Wait you mean this wasn't SNL? Uh oh
[Hope it's as good as this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Zbv-u1ml6g)
I wish this wasn't as funny as it was.
That was hilarious
Nasty Woman and the Bad Hombres would be a good band name
Oh God, I need to incorporate either into a Halloween design. But how? Help!
It'll be Hildawg and get cabinet members.
I'll pre-order that album
I'm just kinda sad that there's no way to dress up as a bad hombre for Halloween without being racist about it
That's what the Hillary and Bill dance / sax combo can be called. They only play Saturday nights in the west wing. And they jam.
Definitely calling dibs on that.
*he said hambres lol Yo quiero Taco Bell.
Some kind of folk punk/southern rock type deal.
Dibs.
The Pussy Grabbers should be the opening act.
There is an old band called the Hombres and this one song is really good! https://youtu.be/cWEu9Rn-PaE
/r/bandnames
Debut EP: Poisoning the Blood of our Youth
nice. Track 1.) Rip The Baby Outta The Womb Track 2.) Pussy Grabbin' Track 3.) WRONG
For sure - like a riot grrl group or something
I'm calling it now. Alec Baldwin will call them muchachos on SNL.
Nobody respects women more than me... except the nasty ones. And the ugly ones. And the ones who won't fuck me.
And the ones that run for president.
Big Lee on drums
imagining a sumo wrestler on the drums
Nasty Woman sounds like a girl group Prince would have put together in the 80s
Rip prince
Bad Woman and the Nasty Hombres?
I'd listen to that
Prince actually assembled an all girl group called Vanity 6 and wrote the song Nasty Girl for them. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nasty_Girl_(Vanity_6_song)
That's where I got the idea lol
Their [music video](https://youtu.be/oHg5SJYRHA0) is pretty badass as well
Fuck you
Kellyanne Conway is on CNN. She looks like she started drinking halfway through the debate.
I know this is funny and all but this type of shit is literally what we rag on Trump for and his treatment of women. Let's just leave it at Kellyanne had a bad night and she's probably looking really stressed out because her client can't stop committing political suicide.
I don't think saying someone looks like they are having a hard night is the same as saying that they're unfuckable...
The whole world did.
Feel sorry for her really.
I don't
she's trying to get a lunatic's finger on the button for money and fame.
Really? Cmon. She wasn't appointed to this position. She accepted a job. A job others before her had quit because of how vile and repugnant Trump is. She could have left at any time. She would not want for another job, she's been a conservative pundit for years. She dug her own grave, and has chosen to sit in there as Trump shovels dirt onto her head.
That's funny, the morning after the second debate, Epstein was on morning edition (npr) and he clearly sounded drunk himself. The whole campaign staff must be alcoholics at this point.
I didn't even wait that long
If you had her job, wouldn't you?
Halfway? What about 20 minutes? "Donald is doing good. This is going good... Wait, what's he doing? Fuck." *take a shot* "Oh, he's back on track now. Just stay on message. DONALD WHAT ARE YOU DOING!?" *Take another shot* "Shut the fuck up, Donald." *Finishes the bottle.*
"She always looks like the last ten minutes of Prom"
Now pretend trump said that, hypocrites the lot of you.
There are baskets of us, baskets!
I was actually thinking of my last 10 minutes of prom. That was a dark time in my life.
Looking like a disheveled wreck because you represent a walking nightmare isn't a gender specific observation
Kenan Thompson isn't running for president, honey
The commenter above is not running for president. When someone runs for president they are held to high standards.
I still don't know what that means.
Pull a Billy Madison and go back and find out!
I actually went to prom twice, I just don't remember the last ten minutes being in any way a negative thing.
In my (and it seems that in most people's experience), everyone is kind of tuckered out and just lingering listlessly, waiting to go get hammered later
No, not negative. I don't know about you but I snuck drink in at my prom. Towards the end the girls hair get all kinds of crazy the way they do when they've put away a few Burnett's or whatever it is ladies of the finest caliber drink.
I read that as "She always looks like the last ten minutes of porn." Like worn out, looks fucked. Just before the money shot. Still kinda works.
I thought this said, "she looks like the last ten minutes of porn" and spat my drink out.
"Ok, you're just trying to work it... But is it worth it."
I dont think I can unsee this now.
Ouch.
Whoever you are quoting is fucking brilliant.
[SNL Family Feud](http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=oC4VXwFibWY)
She's like the woman outside of the bar at closing time trying to explain the bullshit stuff her man said before he got thrown out. "You all know Donny he say stupid shit sometimes he don't mean it go on home and remember to vote for him on the 28th now"
Ouch, and yet so accurate.
Damn, that's... I see it.
And just like 10 minutes after Prom... she's going to get fucked by this election and never called again.
She's going to make so much money on a book deal that she won't care.
As if Trump didn't put her on NDA
She is on an NDA for sure right now but once the campaign is over, it will probably terminate the NDA as well. It is possible the NDA could stipulate a number of years once the campaign is over, but it cannot legally be 'forever' and I highly doubt that somebody like Kellyanne would sign an agreement that absurd.
Yes it can. I've worked on campaigns mines still in place from a election 4 years ago and I wasn't remotely high up. The campaign managers is effectively forever
An NDA you sign can say anything it wants, that doesn't make it legally enforceable.
it virtually is, when you can't afford the lawsuit and the other party can.
"An anonymous look inside a presidential train wreck" - by K.C.
Clinton: "...and you can google 'Donald Trump Iraq War' and hear for yourself the recording of Donald saying those very words." Trump: "Wrong."
Actually he kept saying "Wrong" until she said there was a recording of his voice, then he stopped. It was pretty telling.
I liked when he said "there is no quote". I'm there are plenty of quotes
And according to Times, the searches for that phrase spiked more than any other topic at the debate.
He assumed everyone is an idiot.
let me google that for your: http://www.businessinsider.com/donald-trump-iraq-war-2016-10 https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2016/live-updates/general-election/real-time-fact-checking-and-analysis-of-the-final-2016-presidential-debate/fact-check-trump-once-again-wrongly-suggests-he-was-against-war-in-iraq/
To be fair, the closest he got to supporting it was "Yeah, I guess so." [factcheck.org](http://www.factcheck.org/2016/02/donald-trump-and-the-iraq-war/) puts forth evidence that Trump knew the war would be bad for his business.
His assertion is he was against it. He responded affirmatively to a question about supporting it, on tape. Its undeniable that he cannot claim he was against the war.
Recording from 2004: Commentator: Mr. Trump, we have no just cause for this police action. The American military has no business in Iraq. Trump: wrong!
"Correct."
to donald: just because you say the word "wrong" doesn't mean history reverses itself
That was so excellent. Her previous "Go to my website and read my fact checking!" was canned and silly- which independent voter bloc is that going to sway? Tell them to Google it. It's 2016. You can't lie publicly and get away with it forever, because as soon as you see the video, you know he's a bullshitter.
Clinton has a lot more legitimate and serious evidence (not allegations) of how corrupt she truly is. It may have backfired on her if people were smart enough
She was just trying to do something about the fact that she can't factcheck everything in the moment, but it's very easy to factcheck and anyone can do it. There was a lot of traffic to her website factchecker, and they just thought it was a convenient way. People who don't support her can still do their own homework
> Her previous "Go to my website and read my fact checking!" was canned and silly- which independent voter bloc is that going to sway? Yeah, that was terrible. She did this in both debates. Sometimes I am really wondering how they come such weird tactics. Clearly that was a line she prepared ahead, so did they have a meeting and concluded that "go to our website www.hillary...." was the best thing to come up? Why didn't she just say "goggle it" or "search it on youtube" in the first place?
I agree that switching to googling it is a better move, but we kinda shit all over trump for saying the same thing.
Because Trump is usually wrong when he says it.
God I am glad she changed that, last debate I was so pissed "We have a non partisan fact-checker at my website" Really do you? Cause that would be amazing telling them to google it makes way more sense to.
I was pretty pleased to see her drop that bit about going to her campaign website. Well perhaps accurate, it is obviously a source of bias. Directing straight to Google is much more to the punch on proving someone wrong. Hell, its what everyone does already. The overall line is far more effective.
I don't understand how you can run for president and not realize when you have a microphone attached to you people can replay what you said. Like when he denied making fun of the disabled reporter. His surrogates tried to play it off that it was OK he did it because he also made fun of other people. But he still denies he did it. Like I can't just YouTube the clip.
The hillaryclinton.com shoutouts bothered me too, they didn't really appeal to an independent audience. Saying to just google it is much, much more effective. If Hillary were half as nefarious as people love to suggest, she'd have SEO people working on the Trump results. With as tight a campaign she's been running, I wouldn't be surprised.
Sometimes directing people to your website is good during a debate to look at your policy positions. You can't explain really any part of your platform in 2 minutes and that's where the website can come in. But for fact checking? It's much simpler and gives your statement more integrity just to say google it. Your website is obviously going to be biased in your favor. Google is reliable to the average American.
Trump supporters think Google are in bed with Clinton. My Co worker was showing me how Bings auto completion show how she is a liar and terrible and how Google doesn't have any of that.
Did he try the same for Trump? lol
She cut the super-obvious canned jokes/lines too. It's almost like she's running a normal campaign where the staffers pay attention and point out the stuff that doesn't work and the candidate actually listens to them.
WRONG. such a nasty OP
My god, so glad she got rid of the Trumped up trickle down bullshit.
Yeah, it became "trickle down on steroids," which gets the point across and sounds considerably less hokey.
The man trying to gain the votes of Republicans just criticized Ronald Reagan. What the fuck has to be going through your mind to do that?
Kinda weird considering his economic plan looks like Reagonomics 2.0
"Trumped up, trickle down Reaganomics."
Being truthful?
He criticized the trades Reagan did, not his Presidency.
For example?
He said Reagans trade wasn't good enough, and he could've actually gotten more out of it if he pushed.
...again, *what trade deals?*
NAFTA was [Reagan's](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Political_positions_of_Ronald_Reagan#Free_trade) idea.
So Reagan could have "gotten more" out of a trade deal he had no part enacting or negotiating? lol uhh okay
I'm not defending OP. Just mentioning which trade deal.
Oh gotcha.
So he criticized the trade deal by vaguely saying it was bad and should've been better? What keen insight he has. Just amazing.
Ego
Maybe it's like he was set up to hand the election to Hillary!
Yeah, and got millions of votes and thousands of people forced to go to the rallies by the CIA.
I never said that their wasn't a giant group of dumb people that genuinely support him.
He just shit on their jesus!
Maybe its finally time that Republicans admitted what a big dirty liberal Reagan was.
He was bigly liberal, bigly!
I'm always confused, is Donald trump saying "bigly" or "big league"? It's pretty hard to tell
It is big league. His campaign quotes it that way.
He actually was a democrat for a long time. He switched when he ran for office
He switched way before running for president though. He was a Republican Governor of California before running for president. Thus, an actual conservative track record.
As I said, he switched before he ran for office. I was meaning his governorship.
Hmm sounds familiar
He signed the last amnesty into law, too.
> “I think if you look at the record, when he was governor of California he signed a liberal abortion law. As president he raised taxes after he cut them. He found out that cutting them didn’t really work. Amnesty for 3 million immigrants. Two hundred marines killed in Lebanon, the barracks bombing. He did not go to war in Iraq as a result. And when an ozone hole opened up over the South Pole due to us putting chlorofluorocarbons into the atmosphere, that is a refrigerant of course, he did not decide that this was a liberal hoax designed to deprive us of cold beer. He actually did something about it and encouraged everybody else to do something too.” This is all from [his son](http://reverbpress.com/politics/ronald-reagans-son-says-gop-treats-father-like-fetish-object-video/). I wasn't there during his presidency, but sure sounds like what liberals today are saying.
Something I noticed. There were several times where Clinton deflected from difficult questions by ending her statement with an attack on Trump. This would not have worked against a seasoned politician, but every single time this happened Trump ended up taking the bait and changing the conversation away from something that could have damaged Clinton towards a topic where he had to play defense. It was remarkable, truly.
You're right. She totally skipped Wallace's question concerning the consequences of syrian no-fly-zone violations. I really wish anyone else was up there just to point her strategy out.
She gave a soft answer, but one that addresses her vision for Syria and the emphasis on diplomacy as a means to lay the groundwork for things like the no-fly-zone. And certainly she laid out the humanitarian need for such no-fly-zones, including emphasizing that they could help curtail the refugee problem as there would be more safe areas for civilians to remain in Syria.
I don't think she necessarily skipped that one, she basically said that she felt like she could do it without escalation. I think the one she really dodged was the "Pay-to-Play" question.
Agreed. that was the only real dodge, and it was pretty obvious that the answer was "yeah, when people donate, my staffers probably know their names, and thus take them more seriously and are more likely to put them through to me". That's a benefit-of-the-doubt position. It could also be more nefarious like "yes I am in the pocket of whoever donates". Either way, she needed to dodge it. If Trump were more seasoned he could have hammered her on it, but even knowing that the real answer is somewhere in that spectrum she still looks better than that goon.
I think she also dodged/didn't answer the question about Bill's relations
Bill's not running this year.
Why should she have to answer for stuff her husband did?
I'm not saying she should have, just that she was asked and didn't answer
Not only that, but in each and every debate he just kept going and going and going, even when he made good attacks. He gave the opportunity to think of a rebuttal and pick her spots against the litany of shit he spewed at her, rather than put her on her heels. In this debate I think his "Will you give the Saudi Prince's money back" line was GREAT! It have put the ball in her court, forced her to play defense, and generally talk about something that was a bad topic for her. And she took a deep breath, opened her mouth to give a quick response AND HE CUT HER OFF! Like what are you doing, let the woman talk! By the time he let her get a word in, she had plenty of time to compose herself and talk about AIDs medicine and girls, and everything other than what she *might* have said, if he had let her talk!
Hahaha yes I thought exactly the same. When he dropped that line, I was like "oooh damn how is she gonna respond to this". BUT HE DIDN'T LET HER ANSWER. He choked himself. I was actually interested in hearing what she had to say. Well, not anymore!
True. Trump turned out to be a pretty weak debater. Makes you wonder about his deal making abilities.
All you have to do is compliment him if you want him on your side, or attack him if you want to see a death-spiral.
Or what the fuck happened in the primaries. How did none of the other Republicans crack the code?
Good point. Maybe it's different when it's just two people on the stage.
It's not even a complicated code. If you challenge Trump, he pathologically must respond. So all Clinton has to do is give a bare minimum of an answer, then pivot to an attack on Trump on a different topic. Then Trump will fight the moderator to talk about the new topic. She was able to exploit this to dictate the subjects of the debate.
He is a reality TV star and knows what gets people's attention. He also got a free pass to bully others because of his abrasive TV personality. Think about why can Simon Cowell can be a dick and people still admire him. Seasoned politicians don't get this pass normally.
I think typical reality show watchers mistake being a dick for competence. It turns out, when you do it and don't know what you are talking about, you just look like a dick.
she certainly has an issue here and there, but atl east she answered questions.
She hid from tons of them. What are you talking about?
The Veritas stuff is from a known 100% bullshitter, who won't release the unedited tapes. The Wikileaks stuff has been underwhelming (and is starting to stink of Russki influence into our electoral process). She's been investigated for the emails and Benghazi and emerged mostly unscathed ("Grossly irresponsible" stings a bit, but better that than "grossly unqualified"). I regret to inform you that your media sources have been dramatically overstating how "guilty" Secretary Clinton is. And, in the meantime, your candidate is a rapey, ragey dumpster fire. Sorry 'bout that.
So you're saying that Trump doesn't, "Say it like it is."
I can't even tell what the "IT" is with trump.
That's because Clinton knows how to win a damn debate. She turned him inside out.
I honestly funny see how anyone thinks she won. She hid from everything by changing the subject. You could see it in her face when she'd switch to a practiced distraction.
You keep tricking me with that username lol. I was like what!?! Do they really believe that??
I think he does
After seeing the first debate I knew that both of the next ones were going to look exactly the same. I'm a goddamn prophet.
Lol it doesn't take a prophet to figure that out
Good point. I personally think she is playing to his weaknesses. I feel if she was up against a real politician it would be a lot more contentious though I think she would have an answer (or deflection). When you're trying to wrangle a tiger, you try to avoid the teeth.
Oh no, she was playing him like a fiddle. While I would have appreciated it if she had stood her ground more on a few things (what the hell is so awful about NAFTA specifically?) I feel like she effectively showed how much of a reactive punk Trump is.
Absolutely. I can kind of answer your question about NAFTA. I'm from Michigan and my father works for the auto industry. From my understanding, NAFTA essentially allowed a lot of auto industry jobs to move to Mexico for cheaper production without increasing shipping costs much. An anecdotal example is that my dad's company (Global Automotive Systems) basically upped and moved several of their plants to Monterrey, Mexico for cheaper labor essentially laying off a sizeable number of workers. So to American workers, this looks bad. Another issue with NAFTA, especially for Michiganders, is water preservation issues. We're very protective of our Great Lakes and NAFTA gave Canada greater access to them as a resource and sometimes our opinions on its usage don't align upsetting a large portion of citizens. There's obviously a lot more to it, but that's what is bad from it. Personally, I'm a hardcore liberal in the foreign policy world so I think it was a good move, but it no doubt has its issues.
The problem with all free trade is that it's a give and take, and you are going to take some hits. A good way to engage in that however is to take the hits where it makes strategic sense. The U.S. still manufactures tons of high end automobiles, but more mundane manufacturing was on its way out either way. So NAFTA accepted that loss and probably even hastened it a bit, but in return other opportunities to export American goods arose, which in turn created new, better jobs. It's a hard thing to keep in perspective when it's your job going to Mexico, but on the national level the U.S. has benefited from free trade. It's one of the most universally agreed upon subjects among economists, even when they disagree on how to interpret many other things.
If it wasn't Mexico it would be automation.
Well done, excellent analysis!
Correct I noticed that too. Now...who do you want dealing with other world leaders when it comes to representing America? Donald or Hillary
Neither
Master Baiter for POTUS!
This is something I've asked trump supporters. I've not gotten a response at all.
Trump supporter here! At the risk of getting downvoted for expressing my opinion, I will say that I would much prefer Trump to represent us than Hillary!
...ugh.... (sigh).
Why? Genuinely curious here, not trying to pick a fight :)
Because I'm voting for economic reasons and I believe Trump would be a better president for my personal economic situation, as well as for the US economy. For the record, I don't judge anyone voting for Hillary, Stein, or Johnson. I think there are legitimate reasons for vote for any candidate, depending on one's personal situation and priorities. For example, if I have relatives who are illegally in the US and it's very important to me that they're able to stay and are granted a path to citizenship, I would vote for Hillary in a heartbeat because I believe she will grant them amnesty. If I were an anti-vaxxer and it's super important to me that the government should not force me to vaccinate my children, I would vote for Jill Stein. I don't judge anyone for the way they vote because I don't stand in their shoes. My priorities and beliefs are different from theirs. Everyone votes according to what they think is best, and I respect that. Sorry for the lecture, but I've noticed people already downvoting my comment about being a trump supporter, and I thought I'd offer an alternative perspective to people who simply downvote opinions they disagree with.
That's cool. Thanks for answering (I didn't downvote you, fyi)
... trickle down has never worked and never will. Tax breaks for the 1% don't grow the economy. Sounds like you're voting for a government hand out to me. Oh the hypocrisy of the right.
What government handouts am I voting for?
Upvoted for legitimate answer on why bring pro-Trump. If the rest of your cohort were this articulate we'd probably have interesting things to talk about more often.
This is really interesting, thank you for sharing. I know it's hard, since we tend to use a minority of Trump supporters to paint them all with a broad brush. To sate my curiosity, in what ways do you believe that Trump is going to improve your economic situation? Because I guess I'm just not clear as to what his plan is.
Personal economic situation: I am currently a self-employed contractor who is trying to get a brand new business start-up off the ground. Under Trump's tax plan, I would get to keep more of the income in my contracting job, both due to lower income tax, and hopefully the lowering of my health premiums if he fixes Obamacare. If I get to keep more of my money, then I can use it to fund my startup, and I can live better and feel less financial stress while getting my startup off the ground. In the statistical context that 9 out of 10 new businesses fail, I need all the edge I can get! In my personal opinion and analysis, Trump's economic policies would also better allow people to feel comfortable taking risks, like starting new businesses. Startups are the seeds of innovations. If no one feels economically comfortable starting new business and testing new business ideas, there will be no innovation and no progress. I also feel Trump's stated policies would be better for the economy on a larger scale. This would help me with my contracting job, which is 100% commission based, so income isn't a steady consistent guarantee the way it is with salaried jobs. One specific example is his stated goal of cracking down on H-1B visa abuse. The widespread abuse of this visa has led to a very dramatic decline in my local economy and has severely depressed both the labor participation rate and the wage in my local economy. Because people in my local economy now either don't have jobs or make half of what they used to make (and the H-1B workers are sending what they do make to their home countries instead of spending it on the local economy like the local workers used to) my contracting opportunities have slowed to a trickle. I'm investing everything I have into my new business because if current trends persist and widespread H-1b visa abuse continues, my contracting opportunities will eventually dry up completely. My business is my way out. I'm hoping to keep the money coming in from my contracting business for as long as I can (and keep as much income from it as I can through lower taxes) until my business takes off to the point where I can quit my day job. If I vote against my personal economic interests and my business ends up failing, I will be completely ruined. I feel I have no choice but to try to stack the deck in my favor any way I can, and I see more advantage voting for Trump than Hillary in this context. Now who knows whether he'll deliver on his promises or not? No one can say at this point. But he is at least talking about things that concern me, and talking about them in a way I like. I have not heard Hillary mention H-1b visa abuse at all. Also, I have seen both of their income tax plans, and Trump's plan is a better fit for my current economic situation. Edit: For the record, and for the sake of specificity, I would pay $4200 less in taxes every year under Trump's plan than I currently do. Under Hillary's plan, I would pay about $100 more a year.
upvoting every one of your posts.
dang maybe you shoulda went to college or didn't do so badly in school, while others were working hard trying to succeed
Are you replying to the right person?
Okay, that is hands down the best and most coherent response I've gotten from a Trump supporter, and perhaps from a partisan in general this election. Thank you. Now, just to play devil's advocate a bit, what are your thoughts on the economic projections that predict that a Trump tax plan could deal a severe blow to the US economy on a macro level? Because my own concerns with Trump are that while I would in fact pay fewer taxes under a Trump presidency, I also feel like that would be outweighed by the impacts of economic stagnation and the likely increase in cost of many goods that we import. Even if I get to keep more money, I can't help but feel like I'll losing it to increased cost of living, and that worries me. If anything though, this exchange highlights my disappointment with the way this election has gone. I feel like without any real, substantive policy discussion, we haven't gotten a chance to get to know these people and their ideas, and if we can't do that, how on earth are we supposed to pick the person who's best for us?
> Even if I get to keep more money, I can't help but feel like I'll losing it to increased cost of living, and that worries me. That is actually a very old trick. In Germany, something like 15+ years ago a small party managed to pull this one off by promising a tax cut for those who needed it the most. Now Germans like paying their taxes, but they still got swayed. A year after the party made it into the Bundestag, people found out the tax cuts heavily favoured the wealthy. The prime example came to be owners of hotels; they got the most out of their money. Supoorters slowly withdrew and to this day, the party is fighting for a new identity and chance in Germany's political play field. While voting with your own interests in mind is understandable, throwing the rest of the country under the bus for a mere chance of saving some bucks can never be the solution. If your life has come to this point, you have other problems than taxes.
Hi, you originally replied to my comment, and I am thankful that you shared. For what it's worth, I hope this isn't your main account so you don't suffer the downvotes.
but you still dodge the reasons why. Saying Trump is better economic reasons and not providing what they are is not answering. You have made up your mind about Trump but afraid of saying what they are. Looking at his business and as a person, i see no reason why he is better any average Joe out there growing their wealth. It's just that he had a lot of help starting out. If you are rich starting out and stay rich, you haven't accomplished anything. I bet if Trump were poor, he would've been just a poor sore loser because everytime he fails at something he blamed the situation instead of himself. he can't become a better man if he look for reasons why he lost outside of himself. He blamed the rigged election, MICROPHONE at the first debate lol, medias, RIGGED primaries... it's just endless. So don't say he is good for economic reasons. He hasn't done anything that showed that, now let's look at what we have right now? lowest unemployment rate, jobs are available again, our eco recovered the fastest in the world and our dollar will probably be 1 to 1 with pound and euro in the next decade. that's freaking amazing!!
Oh, I've been with Hillary since the primaries.
You mean Donald the Deal? That's what they call him, because he makes the BEST deals. I'll take him, thank you very much! /s
Thank you very bigly.
Its like hillary had a previous job or two where she talked with world leaders all the time...
Agreed, he always rose to the bait. And thus spectacularly lost.
In my eyes her hiding from the hard truths is a loss. You can hide for a debate, but you can't hide for 4 years.
The Clinton Foundation thing should've been addressed, but I had no problem with her dodging the question about Bill's infidelities. It's such a dead horse non-issue at this point.
Very much agree to this.
I agree to some extent. I'd like to see Clinton actually answer the hard questions. I'd have liked to have a republican running against her who could've forced her to do so. It really is unfathomable that Trump can't help himself out in these situations. Her deflections were obvious, but I really can't blame her for doing it. All Clinton has to do to win this election is not fuck up.
> All Clinton has to do to win this election is not fuck up. Even if she does fuck up, she just has to wait long enough for Trump to fuck up worse.
Visual representation: https://youtu.be/-cgHLSBZzPg
She didn't even need to tweet him.
On CNN two white people are telling a mexican woman she shouldn't be offended by comments aganst Mexicans and women.
If it's this much fun on CNN I imagine how fun it'll be around the office water cooler tomorrow. Smdh
Not for me. My entire office is with her.
It's just old western talk. From the 50's. How could that ever be offensive? /s
Goddamn that was an incredibly obtuse statement.
"Mr. Trump, what is your plan for improving the American economy?" "WE WILL INSULT OUR ALLIES THEN ASK THEM FOR MONEY"
He never said that. He said that countries that have high GDP and recieve military help from us should pay for it instead of leeching our money.
Its late, but I just saw this. I'm gonna up vote you back out of the zero territory, because username.
&gt; "but i liked to start of where we left: &gt; when i said Japan and Germany &gt;and I'm not just singled them out. &gt; But South Korea these are very rich powerful countries. Saudi Arabia nothing but money &gt;we're protecting Saudi Arabia. &gt;Why aren't they paying? She immediately when she heard this I questioned it... &gt;and I questioned NATO. Why aren't the NATO questioned? &gt;why aren't they paying because they weren't paying since i did this, this was a year ago &gt; all of the sudden they're paying &gt; and ive been getting a lot of, alot of credit for it &gt; all of the sudden they're starting to pay up &gt; they had to pay up were protecting people &gt; they have to pay up &gt; and I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up &gt; she comes out and says "we love our allies we think our allies are great!" &gt; Well. . . Its awfully hard to get them to pay up &gt; when you have somebody saying "we think how great they are" &gt; we have to tell Japan in a very nice way &gt; we have to tell Germany; all of these countries &gt; South Korea.. we have to say: &gt; "You have to help us out." &gt; We have during his regime, President Obama's regime &gt; we've doubled our national debt we're up to 20 trillion dollars &gt; so my plan we're going to renegotiate trade deals &gt; we're going to have a lot of free trade we're going to have free trade &gt; more free trade than we have right now &gt; but we have horrible deals" --[Trump 39min mark] (https://youtu.be/ye0Xblp_Nb0?t=38m52s)
Wasn't it more, "Let me go back to the previous question for a minute". Sure, let's just answer the question I *want* to answer. :S
You cant be nice to them. You gotta get the money. But in a nice way. All that said in 30 seconds.
Ah the US edition of the BREXIT. Great idea.
America, the shining city on the hill that will charge you protection money like a mobster.
That's called pulling a North Korea :D
"Guys, it's called negging!"
> "... But I'd like to start off where we left: When I said Japan and Germany--and I'm not to single them out, but South Korea--these are very rich powerful countries--Saudi Arabia nothing but money--we're protecting Saudi Arabia. >&nbsp; >Why aren't they paying? She immediately--when she heard this I questioned it--and I questioned NATO--why aren't the NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying--because they weren't paying. >&nbsp; >Since I did this, this was a year ago--all of the sudden they're paying--and I've been getting a lot of, a lot of credit for it. All of the sudden they're starting to pay up--they had to pay up--we're protecting people--they have to pay up--and I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. >&nbsp; >She comes out and says: "We love our allies we think our allies are great!" Well... Its awfully hard to get them to pay up--when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way--we have to tell Germany--all of these countries--South Korea. We have to say: "You have to help us out." >&nbsp; >We have during his regime, President Obama's regime--we've doubled our national debt--we're up to 20 trillion dollars. So my plan--we're going to renegotiate trade deals. We're going to have a lot of free trade--we're going to have free trade--more free trade than we have right now--but we have horrible deals." --[Trump 39min mark] (https://youtu.be/ye0Xblp_Nb0?t=38m52s)
I am in no way a Trump supporter, but I would like to see an alternate reality where he does win the election and tries to pull this crap. We would seriously become the joke of the world.
The fact that Trump got this far has already turned America into a bit of a joke.
I saw this come out of his mouth and didn't think it could seem any dumber but written out is just another level of stupid.
Holy shit that's incoherent
Sometimes I feel like Trump thinks EU4 is real life. Saying "why didn't we take all of Iraq's oil?" like he's shift-clicking the money button in the peace deal
Seems more like Victoria 2 to me. Trying to snag up some resources fast while trying to dodge a great war.
*The disputed succession of Hillary I has caused Reactionary rebels to rise up! They are led by Donald Trump, who styles himself The Donald, and they will stop at nothing to achieve their goals.*
*Right wingers are always superstitious, and the appearance of disastrous polling numbers for The Donald has caused panic among them. They are convinced that this is a sign that the end of times is near or that the election is rigged* -1 stability
"Once I started talking about it they started to spend the money" Forgetting the fact that this was planned by NATO years ago...
Forgetting the fact or just blind to it?
Oh! Have you met our president? -- Someone living in the Philippines
Come on, we all know third world countries are beggars anyway, decorum o(r lack of one) aside.
No kidding, that guy is a riot. He called the Pope the son of a whore when his visit made him late for something. People like that are funny, as long as they don't affect you.
That is a great low key burn. Well executed.
Nah i really don't want to meet your president.
Worst moment of the debate: "I'll leave you in suspense"
That and "What a Nasty Woman." How fucking unpresidential is that?
"Nasty Woman" a close second and "Bad Hombres" feeling like its performance would've been a shoo-in any other night but realizing it was out played.
nah, when he conceded to her and said good luck
Yup
Lol I didn't even think of that
I don't remember this. What exactly happened?
On mobile and having a hard time searching, but basically said good luck with ISIS as president
> Trump: Aleppo is a disaster. A humanitarian nightmare. It's fallen. What, do you need a signed document? A lot of this is because of Hillary Clinton, because by fighting Assad, (and now she's going to say "oh, he loves Assad") He aligned with Russia and Iran. We gave them BUNDLES of cash back, as big as this stage. He has aligned with Russia and Iran. They don't want ISIS, but they have other plans. We're backing rebels. We don't know who they are. And when and if, though it won't happen because of Russia and Iran, they overthrow it, we'd end up with worse than Assad. This is what's caused the Great Migration. We're taking in 10s of thousands of immigrants, who are, in many cases, ISIS aligned. **Wait and see what will happen in the coming years. Lots of luck, Hillary, thanks a lot for doing a great job.**
That was pretty shocking... he essentially conceded that she's going to be president!
That was the biggest (albeit accidental) concession speech Donald can manage.
It was pretty impressive!
This is the worst moment in the history of our debates. At least modern presidential general election debates.
That and "she's a nasty woman." Right after he said no one respects women more than him. Total meltdown.
I actually loved that a few audience members couldn't help but laugh at that.
So embarrassing to try to hear Conway defending this.
That will be the headline of the debate. And her "she's a Nasty woman".
Horrifying.
Pussy
i am quaking in my boots. please someone hold me
I know this is a stupid thing to say, because collateral damage and I'd probably be first against the wall, but it might be nice to have an excuse to put that much ignorance to the sword.
I mean, not to defend the guy, but what's he gonna do, just move into the White House anyway?
He can easily incite violence and riots.
How?
Because all of his supporters will refuse to recognize the president of the United States and try something stupid like a coup.
Hmm good point.
He can also continue to encourage his brown shirts to "watch" the polls.
Halloween season, brah.
Appalling.
Very sad, I'm telling you. Horrible.
Deplorable.
Tremendously concerning
Bigly
Deplorable.
Deplorable
*sniff*
My stomach flipped when he said that. Holy hell that's terrifying.
Omg, so scary. /s It's time to stop
I want off Mr Trump's Wild Ride :(
And yet somehow unsurprising.
It's like some Robert Mugabe Zimbabwe type shit. Fucking horrifying is right.
It actually is. This is literally insurrection against the United States. Accepting the peaceful transfer of power and election results is the foundation of our government. Take that away and we have nothing but chaos.
If you think that's terrifying, you scare easily. What's more terrifying is the plight of anything on the far side of U.S. foreign intervention. What's terrifying is the rise of abusive, interventionist, secretive shadow-governance that shuns congressional (citizen) oversight and goes back at least as far as the early 80s and Iran/Contra.
Soooo. We're left with reality TV, which is what this country loves at this point, what with keeping up with the Kardashians and the Voice, which we eat up like slop all day long.
Hey man I like the voice, you leave the voice out of this.
Yeah I personally don't like The Voice, but I don't think it belongs in that category. It's a singing competition - not reality TV.
You're absolutey correct 18 U.S. Code § 2383 - Rebellion or insurrection: >Whoever incites, sets on foot, assists, or engages in any rebellion or insurrection against the authority of the United States or the laws thereof, or gives aid or comfort thereto, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than ten years, or both; and shall be incapable of holding any office under the United States. (June 25, 1948, ch. 645, 62 Stat. 808; Pub. L. 103–322, title XXXIII, § 330016(1)(L), Sept. 13, 1994, 108 Stat. 2147.)
If he doesn't every republican will probably be asked if they recognize Trump for president, which could get terrifying quickly
Oh its guaranteed at this point. Trump does not give a fuck about what it means for a candidate to not concede. To him its no big deal. Frankly, he is just too stupid to realize WHY its important for the peaceful transfer of power.
Were you sleeping for a month after the 2000 election?
Not even remotely the same. As many of the posts on here have explained.
It's an intersection on a Venn diagram. We may disagree on the nature and scope of the intersection.
I am going to betray my ignorance here, but why is it important? What are the risks if he refuses to say he accepts the outcome? It's not like everyone around him will refuse, too, right?
Excuse my ignorance, but why is it important for him to concede
Not conceding also demonstrates a lack of faith in the democratic institutions of the country
He has repeatedly questioned the democratic institutions of the country.
A refusal to concede (distinguishing feature of a paranoiac behaviour, by the way - a persecution complex triggered by a superiority complex - I can only win, thus if I lost, it's the system's fault) has brought upon us some of the worst events for mankind. Hitler, and many german officials, refused to accept Germany's defeat during WW1 - this led to the second world war, and the systematic execution of Jews, as many were convinced that someone (the Jews) must have backstabbed Germany for it to lose.
You mixing up two different things here. One is the Dolchstoßlegende a conspiracy theory exploited by the nazis which blamed the loss of WWI initially on sozial democratic politicians. The other one was Hitler basically running on a platform of: the allies forced us to sign a unfair peace treaty which is explotiting and destroying Germany.
Because when one person is elected, they need to be recognized by the population as the legitimate leader of the country. If the leader of the losing party refuses to recognize that person as the true leader, so does everyone else who voted for that person. That leads dangerously close to causing civil unrest as there is no legitimate leader for the country. Part of the country will recognize Trump as the legitimate president, and part of the country will recognize Clinton as legitimate president.
I'll come out and say it less eloquent for the cheap seats: the low emotional IQ folks need a parental figure they wanted to win say, go to bed, accept the reality, I have, you need to as well. Its maturity, we swallow hard pills sometimes. Because unfortunately, literally around 55% of the global populous, is just not bright enough to accept and this concede statement, is the last hope hail mary that's worked relatively well.
Because it incites his supporters to riot and frankly hurt people if he loses. Its important to maintain a peaceful transition of power because otherwise we'd be at civil war every four years.
Bc by not conceding, its sows the seeds of a non-peaceful transition of power, i.e., a coup or revolution. It may seem far-fetched, but its not, it just needs a precedent set.
It is far fetched and don't happen come on now
Are you saying non peaceful transitions of power don't occur? You might want to read up on that.
Um, please refer to Turkey. A few decades ago that country was the highlight of the region as a secular democracy. And now their "President" is jailing the opposition, including teachers and other educated people. It didnt happen overnight, but it happened. Why on earth would it be different for the US? The President here is just a man, just like any other man, capable of being great or corrupt as the next guy.
The fear mongering is outrageous this year. If you truly believe what you just wrote there's no hope for you.
Italy and Germany were both fairly healthy democracies after WWI (well, healthy may be a bit of a stretch, but they were hardly in bad shape) and look what happened to them. If you are so ignorant that you cannot perceive of such things happening in the US, then you are just the same as the folks in Germany in 1930 who were saying "it can't happen here".
What is your point? Are you saying that America is somehow different from other countries and could never go down that road? It's not, we're made of people like everywhere else. Are you saying that refusing to concede defeat isn't a step away from the peaceful transfer of power that we've had for over 200 years? Because that's also laughable, if you don't accept the premise of democracy it falls apart.
i think part of this is that he wants to make sure he is remembered. good or bad. he wants to go into the history books. and he is achieving that bigly.
I can see him crashing HRC's inauguration Kanye West style and grabbing the mic when she is being sworn in.
*shrug* He wants to get shot, I'm not going to stop it.
It's seems like the fact that it's unprecedented will be all the more reason for him not to concede. That equals future ratings and bragging rights for him, national unity and peace be damned.
What's most horrifying is imagining if he *does* get elected and has to transfer power in four years or eight. What if he leaves us in suspense then too?
Then the Congress would step in, or the military would remove him. Their loyalty is to the Constitution first and foremost, and these guys wouldnt just let some asshole keep power like that.
Like in Turkey
He's a danger to us all.
As are his spawn
"But it is a blind trust because he won't be involved"
About as much wits as his dad.
When someone goes apeshit and kills someone else because they don't like how the election went Trump will be partly to blame.
They've already foiled a plot by militiamen to detonate a bomb the day after the election in Kansas at a housing complex where Somalis live and worship. “They chose the target location based on their hatred of these groups, their perception that the people represent a threat to American society, a desire to inspire other militia groups, and a desire to ‘wake people up.’ ” http://mobile.nytimes.com/2016/10/15/us/kansas-bomb-plot-arrest-somali.html
And then if someone goes to jail or Trump is prosecuted they'll say that the government is trying to persecute political opponents.
Every single inaguration day it's celebrated how beautiful and important this is
This inauguration day, you might have Trump trying to sneakily move his stuff into the White House during the inauguration ceremony. Or he'll try crashing the inauguration ceremony.
Maybe she could get a speech from Johnson.
I don't know how dangerous it would be if Trump didn't do this. It may spawn quite a bit of violence or maybe only headaches, but regardless of what it might do in terms of peace in our country, it would leave a horrible stain on our history. I believe even Lincoln's opponents recognized the legitimacy of the election.
does that get the ratings like a super bowl? sorry, not important in trumps tiny little mind then. better luck next time!
What the fuck does that even mean? I'm not trying to be funny or anything. It's just so incoherent and idiotic. What does it *mean*?
I don't really think it means anything really. There's a process in place for the orderly transfer of power. Whether Trump makes a concession speech or not won't affect that. He would have to challenge the outcome in court. If that happens I expect he'll get laughed at and told to go away.
Well if there is suspected voter fraud wouldn't you want it looked into? Or would you just except either outcome even if it shows 400 million voters?
he did the same thing during the primaries "will you break the pledge?"
It means he's the puppet.
Think about it a bit. Right now both parties have transition teams in Washington DC, preparing for what has to be done if their candidate wins. If nobody concedes then how does the reins of power transfer to the winner? What happens to the Electoral College - the people who actually choose the new President? Worse yet, what happens if there's a court challenge? If the Supreme Court is still short one judge can they make a decision?
See, he left you in suspense. You are playing directly into his hands
When you lose the presidential race, you give a speech saying how you lost and concede that your opponent won and so on. Trump's ego is so huge that it's not all that unlikely he'll just scream the whole thing was rigged against him rather than admit defeat. So he's dancing around promising to concede, and to not do so would be unprecedented.
He's leaving the door open to refuse the results. It's a quasi declaration of civil war.
It means that he is already encouraging his supporters to revolt against the government when he loses the election.
[*Can someone find Ja Rule so I can make sense of all this?*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mo-ddYhXAZc)
It means he cares more about his image than he does about America. He says he wants to make it great again, which first of all we're already pretty great and I'm by far and away not the most patriotic person out there. Secondly, and more importantly, one of the things that makes America great is our ability to peacefully transition from one leader to another, it's the foundation of a stable democracy, and trump is threatening that.
It means he doesn't want to say outright he plans to claim the election was rigged.
He's treating a US presidential election like reality TV because he's a narcissistic piece of shit. He doesn't care about the real world consequences, he just wants to tickle his ego. Fuck Republicans for giving this moron the power to have a national stage.
He was voted there, it'd be fuck the Republicans if they didn't grant it. I'm not saying he was a good choice but that's how democracy works
He was voted there by Republicans. The party consists of more than just the leadership.
Really shows how low the GOP can stoop, huh?
It means he can't answer yes or no, because if he wins, he'll accept the outcome. If he loses, he's going to whine like a petulant child and declare it's a rigged outcome and The People shouldn't accept that Clinton won. From his POV, it's a trick question. He can't say, "I accept the outcome no matter what" or "I won't accept the outcome", because it depends on who wins. If Clinton wins, then it wasn't a real, legitimate election and the voters didn't really get their voice heard. If he wins, then it's the will of the people and there's no sense challenging his victory.
He's acknowledging that the election isn't rigged because he thinks he has a chance to win, but he wants to leave wiggle room to be able to just whine like a 5 year old boy, throw a tantrum, and try to get a candy bar out of the deal, or whatever the fuck he thinks he can get.... Nevermind that it could literally incite domestic terrorism and get American citizens killed.... fuck, I'm gonna go as far as say that it already is doing so, even the suggestion of it does that.
It IS the mentality of a five year old who lets a parent make a coin flip decision and gloats if he wins and throws a temper tantrum if he loses. I want to hope for the best on election day and after stations call the election, but with millions of people, I almost feel it's inevitable that there will be stories of some people intimidating would-be voters and people rioting, looting, or revolting if the election doesn't go their way.
>It IS the mentality of a five year old who lets a parent make a coin flip decision and gloats if he wins and throws a temper tantrum if he loses. See, this is where you might have it wrong. Trump isn't thinking like a five year old... He's thinking like a businessman. This is what modern capitalism is. There is only success. Nothing else matters. There is no such thing as personal or even corporate responsibility. The law is just a set of obstructions to be worked around when they impede you, and turned your advantage when they can impede your opponents. In business, you never ever give up an edge. You never ever concede anything that you don't have to. You win, at any cost. Four years ago Romney presented America with the perfectly packaged myth of the American capitalist, crafted to appeal to this fantasy that successful people are superior people by their nature. Trump is the awful naked reality of that same monstrous creature, stripped bare of all of Romney's artful presentation to reveal the grotesque maelstrom of selfish petulance within.
In the history of our nation, each losing candidate makes a concession speech. Every. Single. One. The moderator pretty much laid out the grounds, it is accepted as the norm - almost an unwritten rule if you will - and we move on as a nation. **Edit:** The moderator, not Clinton, pointed out that it is essentially custom. Wallace: But sir, there's a tradition in this country of the peaceful transition of power, and no matter how hard fought a campaign is, the loser concedes to the winner - not saying you'll be the loser - and they come together for the good of the country.
But what if the election is rigged?
You dropped this: /s
When we have any proof outside of Trump's hot air maybe we can talk about it.
By gerrymandering, and voter intimidation?
gerrymandering won't rig a presidential election, though.
Not with that attitude. But really, gerrymandering causes voter apathy which could affect results.
That's true, though I wouldn't call that rigged as much as just an unfortunate reality of our system. Still doesn't prevent people from voting.
Voter ID laws do though! And those were all instituted by Republicans!
Then you get evidence it's rigged and count on the second and third branches of government to do their jobs. Btw, media collusion with a candidate, if it exists, would not be rigging the election. The media is a loose group of private companies who are allowed to do whatever they want. Some (or most) are biased, some try to stay neutral, and some actually do stay neutral.
PLEASE. Tell me which ones are neutral. I need to know. I'm not being sarcastic. I have to know this.
PBS and NPR
Didn't even know PBS had news
[Check out PBS NewsHour](https://www.youtube.com/user/PBSNewsHour)
You are my friend
Me too. I know Fox and such are right-leaning. CNN, MSNBC and such are left. Hell, I was disappointed this election cycle to find out how not non-biased even NPR was covering the primaries when it came to Clinton over Bernie...
CNN is not as far left as Fox is right, but good grief, the Clinton favoritism was abysmal this year.
It honestly angered me just how much they were pushing her as the nominee day 1.
I mean, if you're a media corporation, what would you do? I would say that not tolerating Trump's bullshit is hardly the same as Clinton favoritism, especially after the way he's treated them. And it's not like they haven't been hard on her; she just has less to be hard on than the Trumpster.
No, no. It started long before. They've been actively pushing her, even over Bernie.
And it used to be far worse
This. While they certainly *should* remain neutral, the media is actually under no real obligation to do so. Trump burned them one too many times and they're not putting up with his bullshit anymore. And he's the one proposing vague rigging of the election anyway, with his weird encouraging of people to monitor polling places in "certain" areas and presumably intimidate people out of voting. Tonight, when he said that people will be registered to vote, I couldn't help but think that he wasn't referring to some ridiculous "dead people are registered" scenario, but actually talking about poor people and minorities that he believe shouldn't be able to vote.
But isn't Hillary and the DNC already setting the stage for claiming the Russians rigged the election, maybe for if Trump wins?
There's a difference between influencing the election and rigging it. I don't think the question is about Russia making up stories about Clinton to spread around. But the fact is that their hackers are the ones looking to dig up dirt on her and release it, and we have to ask ourselves why that is. Why would Russia want a Trump presidency? If its good for them, is it good for us? Is it good for our allies? Trump can go on and on about how Putin doesn't respect Obama or Clinton, and I assure you he does not. Russia has been hurting from the sanctions these last two years, and that's because Obama isn't letting him get off scot-free for invading Ukraine. Getting beat in geopolitics isn't a situation where you say "Oh, that darn Obama got me this time, good for him! I'll be sure to one-up him soon, though." Putin doesn't have respect for Donald Trump. He sees that he can use him, and to have a foreign power (especially one we aren't on good terms with) manipulating our leader for their own gain is terrifying. Ultimately, the Russians are not going to stuff ballot boxes, or intimidate voters. We know they rig their own elections, but I hope (and ultimately doubt) they can interfere with electronic voting machines, either.
Someone should have told Trump: "Never argue with a man who buys ink by the barrel."
I am curious: what happened after the 2000 election? Didn't Gore or Bush sue Florida? Did he make a concession speech anyway?
He conceded. He actually was planning to concede and retracted his call upon an automatic recount
Gore conceded publicly after the Supreme Court decision.
And even then, those were legitimately contested results. Trump's loss would be clear cut compared to the incredibly close results of 2000, so claims of fraud are especially terrible in that case.
High school civics always points out that "orderly succession" is a defining characteristic of the democratic political model. It's like on all the pop quizzes and stuff. Def on the final. Study up plebs!
Never took civics back then, it was an elective. I don't regret not taking it. Edit: redundancy
Optional elective.
That's fine, just please don't run for president and win.
Never count me out big hoss...
Absolutely true. Source: I teach high school social studies.
Trump is very good with unwritten rules........*Tax returns* *cough cough*....uh *sniff*
I dunno if that beats: * *I don't trust or believe US intelligence agencies* * *What a nasty woman* * *I didn't say that* SMASH CUT to him saying it * *The Iraqis are attacking Mosul to help Hillary in the polls* * *Hillary shouldn't be able to vote because I think she committed a crime, and the application of law and order and the constitution is at my whim* He went full Infowars tonight, and I can count at least two or three attack ads that will just quote him, and he'll claim he never said any of it.
Do ***you*** believe and trust U.S. intelligence agencies?
You forgot the whole "ripping babies out if the womb" shit that showed he had no conception of what a late term abortion is or why they happen.
The way that Hillary baited him into saying that he doesn't trust in the military intelligence that he is getting was masterful
I though HRC could have made Trump look really, really bad when he talked about what happened to "surprise attacks" claiming that ISIS had left Mosul because they US announced its strategy some weeks back. She should have simply said, well then the strategy worked. We drove ISIS out of their last stronghold without firing a shot or any loss of US or Iraqi soldiers. *Checkmate Drumpf*
> I don't trust or believe US intelligence agencies He is smarter than all our generals also.
Didn't he say something to the effect of 'Our military doesn't know anything.'? Edit: Just heard it again. Her: 'Are you doubting 17 intelligence officials?' Him: 'Our country doesn't know anything.'
He has routinely insulted our country on the whole. For people who consider themselves true American patriots, they're sure okay with someone calling America idiotic.
How stupid is out country folks?
How about calling Assad stronger than Obama?
It's just not surprising anymore. Putin, Assad, Hitler... he clearly likes to take in the dictatorial inspiration.
All that was bad, but the "keep you in suspense" comment is an existential threat to the concept of democracy itself
Don't forget those baaaaad, bad hombres!
Oh god, I did forget that, right around the time he decided that people investigated for possible crimes were guilty before proven innocent!
He literally said he doesn't believe in the unanimous conclusion of 17 intelligence agencies of the US. How can anyone do that and still get votes? republican votes no less?
Well US intelligence did lie to all of us about weapons of mass destruction in Iraq and led us into a war that hundreds of thousands of people died and destabilized an entire region. I'm liberal and I am very hesitant to assume it was Russia that did the hacks. I don't blindly trust our intelligence agencies anymore.
Except the Bush admin ignored US intelligence because it didn't fit the narrative. US intel said to not invade, Cheney said fuck that
We have to rebuild our military! Except for the intelligence divisions, fuck them.
Nasty woman was a big nono. I'm sure his campaign manager did a face palm.
Better yet, earlier in the debate he said something to the tune of "I have the greatest respect for women than anyone else." Then he goes on to call her a nasty woman (why does her being a woman matter?) and the previous tapes of him stating he sexually assaults women. I hate both the candidates, but come on hahahaha.
What I would do for a behind the scenes, NFL films style documentary following the people of his campaign.
Although I agree that those are terrible, a presidential nominee refusing to state that he will abide by voter choice is literally a nightmare scenario in American politics.
Why
Our entire system of government rests on people accepting defeat. I shouldn't even have to say that.
Yea but what is the worst that can happen? Recount that takes a while? Legal battle? Innaguration being delayed?
I'm copy pasting this from another response I made, so it isn't perfectly relevant, but accepting defeat is an important trait for politicians. A refusal to concede (distinguishing feature of a paranoiac behaviour, by the way - a persecution complex triggered by a superiority complex - I can only win, thus if I lost, it's the system's fault) has brought upon us some of the worst events for mankind. Hitler, and many german officials, refused to accept Germany's defeat during WW1 - this led to the second world war, and the systematic execution of Jews, as many were convinced that someone (the Jews) must have backstabbed Germany for it to lose.
No. The worst that can happen is he tells his supporters that the election was a sham and they believe him.
I can get over courts deciding an election (the nation managed with Bush v. Gore), but I can't get over a presidential candidate selling himself to sociopolitical adversaries of the US and openly bragging that he'd suspend parts of the Constitution and make a mockery of our system of laws and order. That's my biggest thing - Trump talked tonight like a South American dictator, not as an American.
I don't think you understand how serious it would be if Trump does not concede defeat if he loses the election. That's unprecedented in the history of American politics.
Just to drive this home, I live in Kentucky and our governor has alluded to a need for violence if Secretary Clinton is elected. This kind of crap is absolutely terrifying. Source: http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2016/09/matt-bevin-clinton-blood/499754/
You know, a decade ago, there was an idiot in Mexico that did not concede defeat when he lost the election. Quite a douchebag like Trump. He ended up storming the capital and blocking one of the most important streets in the city for MONTHS. And he declared himself the "legitimate president" and had its own little ceremony and all that jazz. It was bonkers. I really hope this doesn't happen to the US if Trump loses. Edit: Minor text fixes.
Even if he didn't, how much legitimacy does he have left in the eyes of the general populous?
Most of the people who tell me they are voting for him is because they say they would never vote democrat and they honestly believe they can keep him tethered. That is not a leash I want the job of holding.
Most of the people who tell me they are voting for him is because....Hillary is going to repeal the 2nd amendment. Every election cycle the NRA mass mails out these "MOST IMPORTANT ELECTION EVER - Democrats will take your guns if you don't vote Republican". *But Grandpa, you said the same thing about Obama. Did he take your guns?* "He sure tried!" *How? What are you talking about? Granda, do you even realize what it would take to repeal an Amendment?* "Well if Hillary can't do that, she is just going to write an executive order taking away our guns." *Grandpa, who is telling you this?* "The news, it's all over the news. You just don't pay attention." *I read the news everyday, multiple times....* "Oh baloney you only get your "Internet news", that's a bunch of crap. Watch the tv, watch the real news, you're only reading what the media wants you to hear. The media has rigged this election for Hillary."
30% of the country is still a lot of people
True.
Well, there was that one time...
Al Gore would be the closest thing too it I think. That didn't go well.... I recall Bush's limo getting egged on the way to the inauguration.
Like I said earlier, I'm probably sitting this one out, but I think there is a lot of hyperbole being bandied about considering the 2000 election. It would be contentious and there would be shit no doubt but it wouldn't be armageddon.
I disagree. You're giving Trump too much credit, and it really comes across a suggesting our institutions are weak. If he does lose by a landslide and whines that it was rigged, takes his ball and goes him and continues to Behave like the man child he is, all it does is show that democracy worked.
Arguing with yourself?
Some of the time, but nothe this time. Mispost.
except al gore did concede, he also didn't have a radical alt-right backing that would do anything to go up and arms against the government
He conceded after a supreme Court decision. Not oh okay, well I lost that one Tuesday night. You're second statement is hyperbole.
Florida didn't certify its results because it was forced to have an automatic recount due to the close results. The recount is what led to the Supreme Court case. Once the Recount was finalized with the Supreme Court decision he conceded.
shoo, get out of here with your facts!
Most realistic people don't think there would be Civil War 2 or even anything close to that. But a major party candidate refusing to concede a loss especially if he loses in a landslide would seriously undermine American institutions and our standing in the world. That's not hyperbole
I disagree. You're giving Trump too much credit, and it really comes across a suggesting our institutions are weak. If he does lose by a landslide and whines that it was rigged, takes his ball and goes him and continues to Behave like the man child he is, all it does is show that democracy worked.
The government will go on just fine. The worry is if his rabid base agree with him and try to do something about it. Could lead to serious tensions in this country. I don't think there will be large consequences, but I can see how there could be and I'm concerned.
There are already serious tensions. Seriously. Serious People are taking this talking point way too seriously.
Yeah, It's totally unacceptable for any candidate to even hint at that. It undermines the very foundation of a democracy. Without a peaceful smooth transition of power we don't have a democracy.
Hello, Sulla.
Minus the competency.
How serious would it be? Like, does it have any legal ground, or is it more of a tradition / respect thing? Sorry if this sounds like a stupid question.... I'm not from the US, but really curious
The seriousness has to do with pissed off people instigating violence and possibly a rebellion
I feel like rebellion's a strong term. I don't see trump wanting to end his legacy as the mutineer after losing an election.
The issue is that it's coming from Trump, instead of a respectable candidate. It would be surprising from almost any other candidate in the history of the U.S., but for Trump it just seems par for the course.
The issue isn't that Trump believes it, the issue is that millions of his supporters believe it. That there are so many people that feel so disenfranchised (legitimately or no) that they would risk our Republic because they feel like they've got nothing to lose.
Destabilizing is the word that comes to my mind. Economies/international relationships depend on American stability. A whiff of instability is bad for everyone.
We pretty much invented peaceful power transitions. Really is unreal he'd say something like that especially as guys like Kasich have came out and said that the votes will be 100% fair.
Had to look it up. You're right. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_date_of_uninterrupted_peaceful_transfer_of_power
Well the whole freedom boner stereotype does exist for a reason after all
Gore probably has the most legitimate case in history to contest a vote and even he bowed out gracefully.
Well, apparently Gore was a cuck, and Lord Trump isn't.
Unprecidented in the history of American politics is Trump's middle name.
The J in DJT is actually for JustHereToFuckShitUpAndRuinTheUS
That's just an unfortunate name.
I feel really stupid but I just looked up his middle name. Born and raised in America and I can't even follow our most basic sayings.
I will call it Trumped up unprecedentation.
The one thing Trump is? Consistent in his Trumpiness
Man, his driver's license must be YUUGE.
Everyone wanted Trump because "he's not a politician" so let them have a person who doesn't care about politics.
Is he from South America? Cause that's a lot of words for a middle name.
Probably Fascist Spain.
I'll need to see his long form to believe that.
Junprecedented
Speaking of Jun anyone spot Hillary's outfit
The J is silent.
You are my favorite.
Wow, Van Jones isn't taking any prisoners... >What we just got here was the nominee for a major party for the first time in our history signalling to the American people that he has so little faith in our institutions, he has so little faith in our people, he has so little faith in our courts, he has so little faith in our Republican Governors.. that he will not stand in front of his own country, in front of his own nation and say that he respects the process and the outcome. That is an outrage, the appalling lack of patriotism from this man, to stand there and praise Putin and Assad more than he has ever praised any American president. https://twitter.com/CNN/status/788937779451396097
Someone get this man a show already.
So watching that clip, it seems to me those to his right are for Trump. Like, how?
Van should run for president. He would fucking kill.
Jones/Axelrod 2024
Van Jones has been AMAZING throughout all this. Always love what I hear from him.
I can sort of understand the logic of someone saying they have no respect for the election process. I'm not that good of it myself. What I don't understand is that person RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT. "So, tell us why you want to work here. " " Well, you're truly awful and I have nothing but disdain for your and your business. "
I'd be one thing if he actually rationally criticized our process. You know, the lack of a national voting holiday, low voter turnout when compared with western liberal democracies, corporate money in the process (inb4 "but shillary," one candidate took the stage and pledged to appoint justices to overturn citizens united, and it wasn't trump), our failure to educate young Americans on civic responsibility, foreign governments actively attempting to subvert our process (*cough* Russia *cough*), totally inadequate polling stations in urban areas, etc, etc, etc. But that's not what he does. When he's ahead, the polls are great, the people are great, the process is great. When he's down? Literally everything is rigged ooooo woe is me. Jesus fuck how can you call yourself a trump supporter and not be embarrassed at this point?
Exactly. Basically he's just being a baby.
Honestly Van's best quote of the night was when he was discussing Hombres post debate. The female Hispanic pundant said she found it offensive and why, and the conservative pendants tore into about political correctness being bad. Van sat there and said something along the lines of: If I tell you something is offensive, and you tell me, it is in the nature of civility that I try to understand how what I said was wrong. It used to be called civility. It wasn't called "political correctness" until others(hinting to minorities) started asking for it. An absolutely perfect and succinct way to sum up the point.
He is very eloquent and concise with his arguments, definitely a strong one on CNN.
I know he’s from Fox News, but damn, I actually think Chris Wallace was a terrific moderator. He wasn’t afraid to interject the candidates when needed or when they didn’t address the question. While he did come across with a conservative bias once or twice, but he certainly stood up against Donald when it was needed. I would love to see him on another network.
It seemed to me that he was trying to make up for Trump in a major way he fails, which is talking about policy. Most of his questions for him were worded in ways that presented Trump's policy for him.
It helps that he's an actual conservative so he likes neither Trump nor Clinton.
No this is fucking completely wrong, holy shit. He started off by talking about the Supreme Court, but he didn't make it open-ended... * First gun control * Then abortion * Then Wallace himself brought up Hillary's Wall Street speeches * Then Hillary pivoted off the speeches to get to wikileaks and Russia, and Wallace ripped her for not focusing on the Supreme Court He got better later, but then he got partisan again at the end with fucking entitlement reform and the national debt (neither of those things is an actual issue that matters right now, but it reminds Republican voters that Trump has an R next to his name). Next time Fox News gets to host a debate I want MSNBC to get one too. Or just let Jon Stewart have one.
Despite your opinion on Fox News' current media standing, Chris Wallace has been a respected political reporter across multiple networks for decades. He's a consummate professional.
This was the best debate by far. It was almost all about policy and Wallace kept both candidates in check.
Chris Wallace had an ulterior motive to make more people pay attention to Fox News. How better do that than show you're a great moderator and open the doors to a new audience. Showing the world Fox News isn't just Sean Hannity and BOR but also a legit news source
Possibly the best moderator of the four debates, who'd of thunkit?
I thought some bias showed clearly at a few points. I think worst question is a tossup between: >Even if you don't know for sure whether they are, do you condemn any interference with Russia in the American election? and >Secretary Clinton, I want to pursue your plan because in many ways, it is similar to the Obama stimulus plan in 2009, which has led to the slowest GDP growth since 1949. Really? Of course Trump condemns foreign influence in an American election, especially when it's stated that plainly. And the second question is incredibly loaded, and contains a phrase that is factually questionable. Most economists in the field would not agree that "Obama's stimulus plan led to the slowest GDP growth" is an unambiguously factual statement. Many economists argue that it possibly contributed to better GDP growth than would have existed without it. Saying that it definitively led to the slowest GDP growth? That's something Trump should be saying, NOT the moderator.
Yes, he did a good job keeping the candidates on topic, but some of the topics were right biased. I'm mainly thinking of his framing of the debt question: "why are you ignoring this problem", which was bad because there's quite a bit of debate to be had about whether our current debt level *is* a problem. Now that I'm writing this, I'm realizing that if this was my biggest issue, he probably did a great job.
I thought he was awful. Trump didn't actually really answer a single question. Then to top it off, he allowed Trump to get the last word basically every single time.
Was anyone else listening when he yelled "I'm not a potted plant!" Amazing. I think I'm going to try to use that somehow in my vocabulary tomorrow.
Oh my god this was my favourite moment of the whole thing!! I want it on a t-shirt. :)
Wallace 2016.
I loved Cooper but I have to say Wallace was the best moderator this election. Bravo to him. He should do this again in 4 years.
I would argue he missed them skirting around the answers near the end but he did do a good job overall.
He gets a lot of flack for working for Fox, but he actually does a really good job. He did a great job of asking specific questions that didn't allow candidates to pivot away without making it clear they were doing so.
He interjected both candidates and brought the heat on them equally. Easily the best moderation we've seen all cycle IMO. One of the better debates too, at least for a little while. The first 30 minutes were great policy discussion.
Swatting bullshit like flies
He's an old school anchor. I believe he was NBC back in the day.
ABC as well.
Agreed, I think he was the best out of the three debates. He kept it focused, kept the questions coming, and was respectful.
He also had the benefit of learning from the other debates
Andersen was my fave, but Wallace was surprisingly legit.
And would flat out call someone out on shit.
*Hey. Hey. Shut the fuck up. That's not the question I asked.*
And he asked about real policy. Final fucking ly.
Controlled the audience. Just a great job all around.
I was worried he'd be partisan but he seemed to have injected an anti-bullshit aura into the room.
There were very partisan questions that clearly were Fox-oriented. Overall he did well, but he omitted Climate Change from the questioning which was a huge sin and also posed questions that were just factually incorrect in their premises.
[deleted]
It wasn't though! For the first time in this election cycle, he wasn't wearing any skin bronzer. It was *weird*.
He looked very different to me during the debate. Couldn't put my finger on it, but the contrast between his hair and face seemed different. Thought it was just me.
He was red and sweaty, instead
His unbiased nature was the most impressive point of this debate. he hushed both candidates and hushed the audience and made it very clear very often that he wanted to stay on topic. Excellent moderator.
Especially since he had said previously that a moderator should only be a time keeper that is barely noticed. He stepped up his game.
That's the thing about Fox this election, they hate both candidates equally so they're much more fair than even CNN and other "respectable" outlets are
Well, with the obvious exception of Hannity.
He was even tough on the audience for reacting. Chris Wallace just got a new fan. I respect his fairness.
There was always a reason Jon Stewart rarely, if ever, touched him and Fox News Sunday. Jon is a great judge of character and Wallace passes the test with flying colors.
Easy to do when he hates both candidates.
Don't we all?
Bingo.
That's most of Fox this election cycle
Fair and absolutely pissed with both sides.
Clearly this is the way it should be done, then.
Exactly "Presidential candidates, know that you are on my shit list. This will not go smoothly. You will not enjoy this. I am not your moderator."
He killed it. He went after Clinton and Trump equally it felt like
It might sound nuts but thats the vibe i have gotten from fox in general recently. Their disdain for both has led to some decent coverage lately. The pandering on CNN has become unbearable.
You don't sound crazy at all. I've gone there more recently because they do seem to dislike both candidates so it makes for less overt bias
Their policy coverage is still absurdly biased, but their coverage of the candidates is equally distainful.
I don't know, he was definitely lobbing some softballs at Trump. You could see him trying to set Trump up to say the "right" answer then Trump just veered off
Yup. And he wouldn't direct Trump to actually answer the questions once he had trailed off. I mean he wasn't the worst moderator ever I guess but cmon people.
Well I think a good moderator should allow some "trailing off". Although the candidates dont answer the question exactly when they do this, it's often within those ramblings that you can learn a lot about a candidate.
I liked the burn on both of them about the national debt rising under both their plans.
And both have pretty half assed responses to that. Well, Trump's solution of cutting Obamacare to balance the budget may have been less than half assed.
Agreed! I didn't notice any conservative bias, or any other bias.
Not bias per se, but I was disappointed that he didn't ask trump to answer questions that he dodged completely. I suppose he was worried about staying on time.
He did the same with Hillary, and that's what makes it unbiased. First example I can think of was her pointing to the Russians and derailing when asked about the leaks. He did it to Trump too, but both candidates were all over the place.
There were a couple of times where Hillary was clearly in the middle of a response, and when Trump started interjecting Wallace told Hillary that it was an open forum and to let Trump speak. Mansplaining at its best.
The use of buzzwords like mansplaining does nothing but discredit you and your opinion.
The use of words you attach an unnecessary emotional response to doesn't make them less valid.
Nah
Not really in this context.
Definitely had some nasty pre prepared questions for Clinton, but she needs to be tested. They questions for trump in previous debates were meaner than Clinton's.
> Definitely had some nasty pre prepared questions for Clinton as an independent.....its about fucking time someone did.
Well, there's simply a lot more nasty stuff to ask Trump about. I don't think it's mean to push him on things like his history of sexual assault.
Yeah there is, but I prefer them to just hash on Clinton too. Trump does have a lot more going against him with his "Extreme" statements.
I'm so glad he brought up WikiLeaks and the Clinton foundation because I think a lot of people have questions about that.
and she dodged the fuck out of all of those questions
It was clearly her strategy going in to not directly answer them, there's no answer she can give in one minute that's going to be salient so it's more politically effective to truthfully talk up the positive aspects of the Foundation of which there are many and then throw the ball back to Trump in a way that will make him redirect the conversation to something else. It's really quite impressive to watch.
And Donald Trump just let her. He's not very good at debate, which is not great regarding his qualifications.
the easiest route *is* to derail trump by baiting him; she doesn't have to try particularly hard
I just can't comprehend how trump missed that chance there on the Wikileaks stuff. Hilary immediately deflected to this is the first time this has ever happened. Trump could have agreed that if Russia is pumping this then we are under attack, BUT now that the evidence is brought to light Hilary, why did you make that possible. There shouldn't have been evidence in the first place. She had no defense but he got played.
I wish Trump would have stayed on message and really pushed for answers about the Clinton Foundation. I'm really curious as how she would have answered that had they both grilled her for actual answers instead of saying the accomplishments of the Foundation. But, no, Trump went off on a tangent from a petty attack about Trump's Foundation. Clinton knows how to play him like a fiddle. Get on a tough question of hers and \*boom\* gets Trump to derail and distract from having to give an actual answer.
She botched the Clinton foundation question on quid pro quo hard and somehow maneuvered out of it. That was the only serious misstep she took. Edit: if anything, how she handled it made me more likely to think there was substance to the Haitian argument being raised than putting it to rest.
There was a clear bias on economics and the national debt. "Wallace claiming stimulus "led to" slow growth. That's editorializing, and totally at odds with the evidence that the stimulus helped" - Paul Krugman But he was very good overall.
LOL Paul Krugman whose been trying to get a job in her administration since day 1.
Deflection doesn't make the statement untrue.
What about [facts and data](http://www.allenbwest.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/obama.jpg)?
Dead Link. But yeah, I wouldn't count on there being any facts or data from Allen West.
How is it at odds? Isn't slow growth good compared to being in a recession?
Not only that, but he went after the audience. He was not putting up with any shit in his house.
I can only imagine the kids in the back seat on a car trip lol
And because of that we had a very well structured debate (immigration section notwithstanding). Hats off to you, Wallace.
"Yeah!!!" "Woohoo!!!" *"HEY SETTLE THE FUCK DOWN"*
"IF YOU KIDS DON'T PIPE DOWN THERE WILL BE NO DEBATE FOR ANYONE!" "Awww."
I will TURN THIS DEBATE AROUND so help me GOD
I couldn't agree more. He was a great moderator.
He was disciplined and kept everyone including the crowd focused on the topics. Much respect for him as a Hillary supporter.
Yeah, I was worried given his comments on fact-checking. But damn, he was *fair and balanced.*
yeah hes actually one of fox news' registered democrats
AND he actually engaged in fact checking when Trump was asked the question about the use of his charity funds for legal fees!
Wallace and Kelly are the Fox exceptionals, they belong on a legit network.
Shep can be their fluff guy for lighter stuff and you have real news.
I feel like he's the real winner after this. I respect him so much more
He was good for Trump but not in a biased way. Trump would have been cut off so many times with his question dodging if this was a CNN/MSNBC debate.
I was very impressed with the way FOX News handles this and his moderation skills. He was VERY even handed, and didnt let either get away with bullshit. THIS IS HOW YOU MODERATE MATT LAUER.
I've been watching Fox News coverage a lot pre and post debate. A lot of it is silly but CNN and MSNBC are just horrible. I really like Megyn Kelly and think she does a great job with the content. Fox News may be bullshit but it'a more civil than CNNs 284969 commentators.
I wouldn't be surprised if Fox News starts to shift some in the next few months/years. Especially since Ailes is gone. I think this whole Trump debacle has drawn a line in the sand between the far Right, and the Business/Center Right that a lot of the Fox News crowd leans towards. My father-in-law is like that. He's VERY conservative when it comes to taxes and some foreign policy issues, but when it comes to some of the Social issues, he's pretty much "meh, whatever." I work with quite a few conservative people like this. Basically, if they get to shoot their guns at paper targets on the weekend, and their taxes don't go up, that's really all they care about. South Park Republican, I think I've heard it referred to as before.
> Basically, if they get to shoot their guns at paper targets on the weekend, and their taxes don't go up, that's really all they care about. This is pretty much how the republican party can re-establish dominance. Stop worrying about the crazy fringe, and just be normal people who don't care about social issues. Keep taxes reasonable, treat poor people with respect and ensure everyone pays their fair share of taxes. Be the party of reason.
I would be 100% behind this party.
Honestly, this was the best moderated debate of the 3. I don't like it, but I seriously have to give Fox news a thumbs up for how it was handled. Thank god I only have to do this once every 4 years.
Chris deserves the credit over Fox. Let's be honest here.
Donald Trump had 60 seconds to let the people of America know why they should be voting him for president. He wasted those 60 seconds on trying to make Hillary look bad one last time. He should have just focused on himself for those last 60 seconds it looked extremely desperate and unprofessional in my opinion.
I spent most of that closing statement yelling "NO, IDIOT, TALK ABOUT **YOU**"
His TV network will probably focus a lot on complaining about President Clinton, so he wants to remind people of his specialty.
Exactly. It's like, okay pretend you won and it's day one on the job. Is your first order of business to continue to attack Hillary?
I was shocked as well. How could a man with such a great character and judgement have fallen for that trap?
Let's be real. No one is swinging their vote. The sides are pretty much set.
They might switch from moderate support Trump to maybe I'll stay home this year, or they both suck to ok I'll hold nose and vote for Clinton. Point is that there are enough people on the bubble.
If people don't swing their vote after a presidential candidate turns the critical fundamental aspect of our democracy in the peaceful transition of power into a literal joke then I will be incredibly disappointed in this country. And yes, I am ready to be incredibly disappointed in this country.
Should they swing their vote based upon a presidential candidate paying third party organizations to incite violence at their opponent's rallies and prevent rallies from happening?
Jesus Christ. I get it, you want to deflect as hard as you can from the terrible thing your candidate just said, but do you have to be just as obvious and ham-fisted as Lewandowski and Conway? For the record, I am taking the words of a candidate said on a nationally televised debate over the sketchy video put out by someone who has been convicted of crimes related to their intentional falsification of claims and evidence.
His statement on the national debate about whether he would accept the election decision was ambiguous (which is not positive), but ignoring multiple individuals on video stating that they did those actions, as well as actual individuals attacking people outside of Trump rallies is rather disingenuous. We literally saw Trump supporters [attacked with a bag of rocks](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2hLSSSffLo), and an actual rally stopped by "protestors" (note, you can't use your first amendment to try and suppress someone else's first amendment), and you thing that video is sketchy.
>His statement on the national debate about whether he would accept the election decision was ambiguous No it wasn't. It was a joke. He joked about it. That isn't ambiguous at all, it's an embarassment. >ignoring multiple individuals on video stating that they did those actions, as well as actual individuals attacking people outside of Trump rallies is rather disingenuous You should have made that argument before this exact person had everyone convinced that "multiple individuals on video" stated that they ripped up baby carcasses for parts. Or "multiple individuals on video" tried to help a pimp get a loan for his pimping. Because it doesn't work now.
I completely agree, if people don't change their vote to Trump I will be very disappointed.
You feel good about that one? A child's response?
Do you feel good about supporting a dumb bitch?
>lolol no I don't support Trump ^ What you would say
I don't really care about the election, but yeah I'd rather Trump win. I just think Hillary is fucking stupid
Haha the intellect of a true trumpeter. Resort to calling the nominee a bitch. What a child.
wrong
I... I can't tell if you're trolling or not.
Warmer.
Hell he did not even manage to look at the camera, to every one watching the debate he was looking down and to the left (at Wallace) that was like the nail in the coffin for him scraping up any positive points with the folks watching.
He should have focused on ToxicBoom?
Why would he focus on you?
The one time he isn't narcissistic...
Ha!
That is his on,y remaining strategy. He can't earn any more votes. All he can do is try to dissuade people from voting Clinton.
If you're whole arguement for voting for you condenses to "I'm not as bad as my opponent!" then you're really a lost case. Even *if* it would be true.
Hillary's response reminded me a bit of Obama. America is already great. I trust she will make it even greater by bringing people together. Americans are better than folding for a demagogue. Let's go vote and secure our future.
> Donald Trump had 60 seconds to let the people of America know why they should be voting him for president. There are some things even Donald Trump can't do.
Hilary did a good job of not falling into that trap.
I thought that was like debate strategy 101 lol
> He should have just focused on myself for those last 60 seconds No offence /u/ToxicBoom, but those last 60 seconds were far too valuable for Trump to spend them focusing on you.
Agreed. She was struggling in some of those later segments but then completely pulled it back together with that final answer. Then Trump took the easy opening and faceplanted to finish it off
Faceplanted and I facepalmed lol
And capped it with "She's going to be four more years of that president who's more popular than ever right now." Not showing the best judgement there.
But Bernie Sanders said Hillary doesn't have good judgement! ^^^^/s
Steve Schmidt (R) calls Trump's refusal to accept the election result, under direct question, a "disqualifying moment" and calls on Paul Ryan to pull away.
What about Clinton's avalanche of disqualifying moments? How jaded have you become? What about releasing our nuclear response time to our enemies? Is treason not considered to be a disqualifying moment? But yeah, there's undeniable proof of mass election fraud and you're mad at Trump for questioning the possibility of corruption? Holy shit. It's unconstitutional to deny anyone the right to question the results. The more you lay back and accept everything the government tells you as truth, the more they exploit and take advantage of you. Now get back in line, lemming.
"I do not agree with Mr. Trump's call for a military coup against the newly elected government, but I do not rescind my endorsement." -- Paul Ryan on November 9.
http://www.theonion.com/article/moderator-explains-gop-will-have-2-minutes-after-e-54463
If I get a nickel every time Trump has a disqualifying moment.....
You would have a small loan of a million dollars
Which Trump would recommend you default on.
Or 3 million in casino chips.
You mean 14 million
Then he could be a self made man!
fun fact: total amount of money Fred put up to keep Donnie boy in business is actually estimated to be in the $60-70mil range, between bailouts, cash, loans, bonds - hell, even buying casino chips in Atlantic City so Don could make bond payments.
Lol. I felt bad when I used to hit my folks up in college for grocery cash because i pissed it away (literally) on beer. Like legit terrible when they would send me $50. But trumps just the greatest business man and it was only a very small loan. just forget ^about ^^the ^^^bankruptcies
Michelle Obama: "When they go low, we go high" Trump 2016: "we can go lower"
[deleted]
You: projection
[deleted]
I was thinking "way down we go" by kaleo to represent the nation's future
Michelle Obama: "If a woman can't run her own house, she can't run the White House".
I just imagined him leaning into the microphone and muttering that like "wrong." Almost did a spit take 
Trump seems to think this a limbo contest, not an election.
That's another 10 feet lower!
Trump thought this was limbo.
Legit beer spew.. thanks
What's all this talk about getting high?? Drug test Clinton! /s
Me: This went from scary to funny to sad... they go low, I get high.
In case you need anymore proof that Hillary knows what she's doing, Hillary turn that Wikileake question around to make it about Russia/Putin and Trump took the bait.
She's always been good at that. In the primaries she brought up the Koch brothers commercial for Sander's forcing Sanders to admit it was because they thought he'd be easier to beat or leave the accusation unanswered.
That was some smart shit. I was interested to see how she would respond to the Wikileaks subject during this debate, and she did well.
It blew me away that he chomped at that meat like a hungry shark.
I mean, he's an amateur and she's a professional.
He's as amateur as she is professional.
That is correct
The guy who professes to be the greatest negotiator / deal maker should be more self aware. His entire career his based on a facade. That facade has somehow worked well for him.
Having looked into his career, it seems a lot of it is just being a bully and a liar. I've worked with plenty of him. But a negotiator he never has been
I loved that even while he called it out as being a pivot, which it was, he then continued to sound like a Putin evangelical by saying things like "I haven't even met him! But they're so great! And we're so weak now! I think if we were friends everything would be better! Haven't met him but he's so strong!" Was just a seriously jaw-droppingly bad performance. I thought maybe he could pick up more of the ignorant vote since he performed slightly better the second time and actually prepared this time, but just every time he talked it was rambling nonsense. Hillary said "let me try to translate that" and he would say "you can't" and it was true, because it was gibberish. This election has been entertaining as hell but good god is it going to be a landslide.
I bet she's just laughing her ass off like "I can't believe that worked.."
[Shimmy!](http://giphy.com/gifs/hillary-clinton-debate-shaq-26uf5YvN8Td27IrFm)
As much as I hate him, Ted Cruz would've probably buried her on that topic. Trump is so incompetent he ended up looking worse on a question that was supposed to be difficult for only Hilary.
Harvard debater compared with trump? That's honestly not fair. I knew kids in high school debate who would embarrass trump. But he would have had all sorts of other baggage, and Hillary still would have won this election. The fact that it came down to him and trump says everything about the GOP. 08 McCain (sans palin), 2012 Romney, Rubio, Kaisich, Jon huntsmen, etc, etc, etc would have won this year IMHO as an HRC supporter given her unfavorability. The fact that the GOP didn't even get close to moderate America this election says volumes.
I honestly don't agree with the notion that any other Republican candidate would've crushed Hillary in the general. One of Trump's biggest advantages against Clinton has been his ability to deny her the use of her experience. She's a walking policy encyclopedia, and in a normal debate setting, I don't think any of the Republicans who ran this time round could've matched her. And they would all suffer from their own political baggage, just like Hillary does. Trump avoids that by having no political experience to have held against him.
I wasn't trying to make a fair comparison. I was insinuating anyone with a decent history in debate could've buried her on certain topics, but fortunately for her she only has to go against a man who might be the worst debater I've ever seen in my life.
Fox News is surprisingly killing Trump's people on their lies.
I think everyone knows it is over now. Be prepared for more of this.
Heh, that must be why my parents flipped the channel in the next room.
Everyone is killing Trump's people, it's a red wedding
They are angry that Trump is killing their brand
The Republican party won't survive if they play cozy with trump. They see the writing on the wall. Time to cut ties.
Good, better late then never
Trump's going to start a news channel after this that will become a competitor to Fox. Now that he's finished in the polls, they're gonna try to take him down.
Megyn Kelly is the winner of this debate holy shit.
Why do you wanna be president? Clinton: this this and this. Trump: fuck clinton . Nasty woman
It is a compelling argument.
I like to think that somewhere there's a Trump supporter that has written an erotic story about President Trump grudge fucking Hillary Clinton in the Oval Office on Inauguration Day.
Well, if there is dinosaur erotica like "Taken by the T-Rex" I'm sure there's Clinton/Trump sex somewhere.
The last sentence from each candidate to the american people pretty much says it all Clinton: > "I hope you'll give me a chance to serve as your president." Trump: > "We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama and that's what you get when you get her."
Love the fact that Wallace told them there would be no closong statement, and then there was. I believe one of the candidates wasn't prepared for that.
Honestly that's why all of his supporters are voting, so I'd say he hit the nail on the head...just happened to also seal his coffin hopefully.
Not just Clinton. They hate our political system in general.
As a Donald supporter, I agree. Not about the coffin thing, though. Although I think Clinton has a better chance of winning.
He is preparing for a dictatorship after an insurrection, no doubt about it. He is appealing solely to his current supporters, who will kiss ass to rise to power as his underlings, because their lives are poor and desperate and that's all they know.
That's exactly it. It's [mostly] not about building a wall or "cutting taxes" or any of that. It's about raising the biggest middle finger imaginable to liberals. Good thing they're too dumb to know that someone like Cruz, who can put on a facade for the voters, would have been a much more frightening oppinent.
Ha! Nope, I am glad we got Trump vs Cruz. Cruz is religiously motivated, which is far, far harder to deal with and combat.
This is an incredible turn of phrase. Did you come up with it? Something like "hit the nail on the head. The final nail in his coffin."
I agree, it's a nice turn of an old phrase.
Barack Obama's approval rating has recently reached a record high, and Trump just said on national TV that a Hillary Clinton presidency would be four more years of Obama. Top-notch campaigning. Edit: spelling
Not record high at all. Not even close. For what it's worth, it's spelled "Barack."
It's close to 60% going into the end of the second term. It may not be 'record' but it's abnormally and extremely high for this point in a second term presidency.
It's in the low 50's and isn't that abnormal. It's good, but it certainly isn't "extremely high." http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/how-obamas-rising-approval-ratings-compare-with-recent-presidents/
He's still third, but the point is he's still more poular than both candidates, so Trump saying 'hey my opponent will do more of that thing you all seem to like' might not be the best strategy.
Obviously the Clinton campaign has rigged the Obama approval rating poll too. /s
Well it's his final "trump card". He has to double down on the fact that both of us suck, but Clinton is essentially Obama 4 more years. I've had a few debates with people and I can't consciously vote for either of these 2 candidates but, that's more because trump isn't offering enough and 4 more years of status quo at this point in time doesn't sound terrible. That's what Hilary is. No improvements but most likely won't burn down our country in 4 years. Trump is boom or bust with the needle leaning towards bust. That coin isn't 50 50.
The right-wing actually believes that Obama is highly unpopular, despite the numbers from the past 3 years or do proving otherwise.
James O'Brien had a rabid Trumpster call into his show today. The caller simply went off on how Obama is the worst and most useless president ever and the economy is in the shitter. He got immediately put into his place by O'Brien with hard numbers that Obama is at his peak with approval and economy recovered more than in other West nation after 2008 wreck. And the Trumpster went fucking bananas, he completely dismissed hard evidence and just continued his rant that obviously ended up with nonsense about emails. They live in a completely different and absolutely deluded universe built up by stupid internet blogs and youtube conspiracy videos with 5000 hits.
I keep saying that Trump is the only person that could make me like Hillary. Whether or not that is coincidence is an exercise to be left for the reader.
Literally the closing words of his closing statement of the last debate. He's so delusional.
Top kek as the kids say these days.
Three possibilities: 1. He knows he lost the election and is just desperately pandering to extreme right-wingers so he doesn't lose by a landslide. 2. He is trying to throw the election. 3. He's dumb.
Im convinced she paid him to run at this point
Heading into this debate, I didn't think Trump's ratings among woman could possibly get lower. I was wrong. That "nasty woman" comment may be the final nail int he coffin.
He called Cruz a "nasty guy" many times. Why do people treat "nasty woman" differently?
his whole history of saying fucked up things about women as a group
I believe people are amazed that Trump goes for low ad hominem attacks during a presidential debate. If he said this during one of his rallies no one would be talking about it. This is his last chance to win over moderates, but he decided to pander to his base instead.
He said it in one of the Republican debates.
Because people fucking hate Cruz.
Because you could shoot Cruz on the floor of the Senate and not get convicted.
Don't forget "bad hombres." He's basically alienating everyone who isn't a socially conservative white man.
I agree that was a slip up for where's he's at right now, but if people are genuinely offended by that then we have a problem. I'm hoping that if 99 other people said that no one would care.
To me, that statement's only offensivr when combined with every other thing he's said about racial minorities because his intent is very clear
Yea and that's where I agree. With him personally he sounds like an idiot but if 99 other presidential candidates said that I hope people wouldn't take offense. The talking heads afterwords that said they personally took offense to that are the reason Donald trump got the nomination plain and simple. People were tired of political rhetoric. Now trump is an ass and has proven to be a mistake but we would never be in this situation if we weren't given the same song and dance and having our intelligence mocked.
Its like Ryan invoking Bernie Sanders.
Or taco trucks everywhere.
yeah, there's no way that was an accident
I think it was as close as he could get to a letter of resignation. He wants out.
So we could have tacos, a Sanders win, and 4 more years of Obama. We will find Utopia.
Said this in the other thread, but: I didn't know one senator could change everything in government. He really needs to give up that talking point up. I know what he is getting at, but it just doesn't make sense. Government in this country is based on compromise. Does he not understand that?
He understands it. He's channeling how he would run government if he became president. I dont like Muslims - I exterminated them. Mexicans took our jobs - I deported them. Climate change is a hoax - im opening new coal power plants. And on and on.
It's a good talking point, even if not accurate or fair. It emphasizes that she touts her experience and accomplishments and has been in or around power all these years and yet look at all the problems. Of course anyone who really thinks it through will understand that it is actually a mostly baseless attack, but let's be honest: how many people are actually taking the time to think through individual attacks/talking points that aren't very specific?
That line of attack is about tying everything that's a problem with the government to Hillary. It doesn't have to be rational to be effective at the demographic.
Pretty sure most senators and representatives don't understand that.
No, he doesn't, compromise is not a good trait to him, it shows weakness, and why he's got a personality disorder and should never be in charge of anything
He told several of the exact same stories as previous debates, do you really think he's going to give up a major talking point?
You asked and answered your own question. No, he doesn't understand that. He operates his companies with him at the top and everyone else underneath. He has yet to realise, and probably never will, that governments (other than dictatorships) do not operate in the same manner. That's one of the reasons why electing a businessman who has never held elected office would be a massive mistake. When that businessman is Donald Trump, that's almost like a black hole of no.
She's practically Obama, so technically, she was two senators.
It drives me crazy that she never called him on that.
She should have told him to go watch Schoolhouse Rock to learn how a bill becomes a law.
No, he doesn't, and he's betting his voters don't either.
That terrifies me. I mean, looking at the whole picture its no wonder that you could say that this century is marked by dysfunctional and gridlocked government.
Yeah I'm really surprised she didn't tell him that Senators can't introduce legislation that increases revenues because those bills must start in the House and the United States isn't a fucking dictatorship
She doesnt want to dissuade him.
Maybe she see it as bait. If she responds, she might look defensive. But I agree. I wish she would have said what you said. It's a simple enough concept to spell out for people.
Also she was first lady of Arkansas for how many of those 30 years?
No, he doesn't. When you listen to him speak he thinks he can run the country like he runs a company, but he can't.
Just look at businessman-governor Rauner in Illinois! No budget for almost two years! Hooray corporate strategy!
He kept repeating that she could have done something for 30 years, ok let's look at this. First Lady of Arkansas 1983-1992 What can she do? First Lady of the United States 1993-2001 What can she do? United States Senator from New York 2001-2009 She worked with fellow members of the United States Senate to make some change but she has no ability to act unilaterally. United States Secretary of State 2009-2013 Under direct command from Barack Obama but has some major power to enact change on a Geopolitical level. So she had no real power until she became a U.S. Senator in 2001 which halves Trump's claim. On a global stage she only had real power for four years while being under the command of the POTUS.
3 debates and not once did somebody get Donald to say **HOW** he was going to do something.
This exactly! In school, my teachers would take away points if I didn't show my work
It's a sneak attack. Everything is a sneak attack. Just like sneak attacks on grabbing pussies.
You don't understand, it's all about the element of surprise!
He's a "big picture" guy, he'll leave all the details to the little people!
No, you see, he's going to solve all our problems by causing the US economy to grow at a 4% or 5% or 6% rate. Never mind that that's pretty much an absurd thing to say, or the fact that every economist has said that policies would just hurt the economy, especially his trade policies.
He's going to do it tremendously!
He's going to cut taxes and increase spending in education, defense, healthcare, infrastructure, take the oil from the middle east, and make Mexico build a wall to make America great again. Which part of that don't you understand?
The part where that becomes a workable platform, I guess? Call me crazy, but the math and logistics don't really seem to work out on that.
You can't get an answer that doesn't exist.
Now that's not entirely true. He very clearly laid out his plan for grabbing women's genitals in great detail.
He has selective memory loss and just starts spouting nonsense and words.
Nor what he thinks a US senator has the power to do.
He'll keep you in suspense then launch a sneak attack. Are you even listening?
Because he has no idea
I think there are two categories of people right now: 1. People who have realized that it's a pointless question to ask because Trump doesn't have an answer. 2. People who think it's a pointless question to ask because they don't care about the details but believe him when he says he'll do it. I have a hard time believing that *anyone* who isn't already decided on voting for him still thinks he might actually be able to explain in detail what he plans to do. It's shockingly blatant that there really isn't a concrete plan, just talking points.
I think a lot of what's happening isn't swaying his voters, but convincing Republicans/Conservatives on the fence to decide not to vote for him. My own father is a Religous Right Reagan Worshipper and he's just not going to cast a vote.
He said it plenty of times. Lower taxes. That's all you gotta do! The economy just fixes itself when you lower taxes.
The invisible hand will have a firm grasp on all of the pussies of America.
He has people for that. What kind of people? The best people.
Other than his cuttting taxes lol. It is the only thing he said about any of his plans.
He's going to make NATO pay us the monies!
Ohhh that's right. As soon as he becomes President countries are going to just start handing money to us because Trump is the smartest person ever and nobody has more respect for women than he does. I forgot about that, and by the way the polls are wrong.
To be fair he did come out with the anti-lobbying plan but it was definitely too little too late
And then Wallace got him to admit I his tax cuts would fuck the country over the next 10 years
Don't forget wiping out our current trade deals and renegotiating all of them. I'm sure all our trade partners are totally willing to do that.
Well duh, hes Donald Trump, he always gets what he wants right? /s
Well, at least that's being honest. Cutting their own taxes and slashing the social programs they would have paid for is pretty much the greater bulk of what the RNC does whenever they've got power enough.
Yeah why stop at every theft possible (bank fees etc..), I mean lets take the money that WE pay into the social security and medicare programs and turn it into essentially taxes. You have to pay this money for your retirement, but lets just change that and call it taxes.
welcome to the republican party
[deleted]
That made me LOL :)
Didnt you hear him? He's gonna fix the economy by creating jobs. He's a genius.
Oh SHIT! I'm voting for Trump now!
And getting rid of Obamacare because apparently it's the root of all evil to him
And terminating all our 'terrible trade deals'.
"Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to Obamacare." -Donald Trump
Ikr, i mean, yes, it is not perfect. However, getting rid of no pre existing conditions is at least a start. Our healthcare system is messed up. Pharmaceutical companies make billions off us.
I think he just hates the word Obama, he will rename it to Trumpcare. Who am I kidding, there won't be no care anymore.
I guess you weren't paying very close attention. Here going to: 1. Build a wall 2. Implement the biggest tax cuts in history 3. Sneak attack ISIS 4. ???? 5. America is great again Simple stuff here, but I understand why you libcucks can't comprehend it. Oh yeah... (/s)
But now ISIS *knows* we're gonna sneak attack them! Can you believe it? He just announced it to the world during that debate! Truly stupid. Very, very stupid. Believe me. What we need are *sneak* sneak attacks.
You forgot law and order.
Don't forget about the deals. So many deals. Tremendous.
We're gonna make deals with NAFTA...AND IF THEY DON'T LIKE MY DEALS we're gonna terminate NAFTA and make new deals. Siiiiign me up
You probably dont really need the /s
Yea he did. I wasn't sure.
Poe's Law in full force
Don't forget he's gonna raise growth to 4%. AT LEAST.
1. "That was the worst ____ in history." 2. ^^^wrong 3. ??? 4. Make America Great Again
Don't forget the "I'll get you great trade deals. They'll be the best in the world" line.
Sneak attack for an extra 1d6 damage bruh.
*Trump rolls all ones*
Definitely going to Dice jail
"This die is rigged"
Suggesting Trump has only one level of Rogue. Anybody who can sell the bullshit that guy spews has Bluff out the ass.
Charlatan background confirmed
hes gonna do a lot of deals in the boardroom. negotiate some of the best deals youve ever seen. believe me. the best.
They're gonna be tremendous and bring millions and millions of jobs back to America. It's gonna be beautiful. Believe me.
I'm talking bigly.
Just like last debate, Trump showed he has no idea how senate works, when he accused Hillary of not changing the laws on her own as a lone senator just like that.
I agree with you completely. However, I do think it is quite effective because I doubt the average voter knows what you or I know about your (I apologise for the assumption that you are an American) Senate.
I noticed that too. Kept thinking "She was a state senator! Haven't you ever seen School House Rock?"
Sadly, it seems undecided voters don't either because that line played well with them. Most of the pundits on CNN agreed it was a good line even though it shows a deep ignorance of basic civics.
I wonder if he thinks they duel for it.
I'm still not entirely sure which notable causes she championed in her 8 years in the senate. I know she put her name on some procedural stuff.
Everything wrong in the country is her fault apparently.
"Why not?"
I feel like most of the extremist candidates tend to view holding office in the US as akin to being king.
He also keeps yelling 30 years at her. Like only he knows the first Lady of Arkansas can write and change tax law.
Tax laws specifically. Tax laws have to originate from the House.
A junior senator in a Republican administration. Also, the senate doesn't even introduce tax bills. The house is responsible for that. Fucking no clue how the government works.
I dont think he actually doesn't know, i think he knows a lot of his voters don't know. Disinformation tactic.
A majority of candidate promises made by any given presidential candidate are fantastical relative to how government actually works. "I will strongly [insert something over which I have little control here].
The President still has some power to advocate policy and set an agenda, especially if their party is in power in Congress. So the President sort of runs as a figurehead for their party in that respect, and those answers should be considered indicative of the direction they want their party to take the country.
I'm talking about promises, not intentions, and branches of government, not parties. It happens that a presidential candidate's empty promises are made more boldly when the opposing party has a controlling majority in congress.
That is a fair point, the oppositions job in general is to try and sell a grander vision and it's a common critique of political outsiders that they sling a lot of mud because they know they aren't going to be held responsible for their rhetoric. For what it's worth, I think Trump falls in this category quite often, especially when it comes to foreign policy, immigration and the economy. Clinton has been pushed a bit towards rhetoric that would require a strong Democratic victory across the board to implement, but her platform during the primaries I think was very measured and intentional in trying to avoid promising things which would face overwhelming opposition in Congress.
Yeah, that shit really bugged me but her lack of a response bugged me almost as much. The line was "I fought my hardest and did my best as a senator, but I was only one senator. That's why I want to be president, so I can continue that fight and make real change". It's such an easy rebuttal, like, she somehow had infinite power as a First Lady, senator, or Secretary of State. Just lead with "I'm not sure that Donald understands how the government works". Simple.
> he somehow had infinite power as a First Lady And "30 years ago" Hillary Clinton was First Lady OF ARKANSAS. She wasn't even First Lady of the USA until 23 years ago.
I keep wondering why she didn't remind him that she was a senator, not a dictator.
Follow Up: ask if he knows that's not the position he's campaigning for.
The fact is so ingrained into her self, and apparently that of her staff, I doubt it even occurred to them that the average undecided voter won't truly know about the multitude of checks and balances in place. That she had a bit of shared power; that even the president cannot do whatever they want. I completely agree with you, it was a pretty large missed opportunity.
I actually think that would fly pretty well. Then again i just heard a republican friend on fb saying they would like to see a strong authoritarian as executive. I dont want them to get the idea they might ACTUALLY want a dictator.
I've never heard of this Nazi party, but it seems to me like they are very authoritarian. This Hitler guy seems to know what he's doing, and I hear he makes great deals.
Because everyone older than 12 already knows how the United States government works and will be yelling at Trump on the TV.
What I really wanted to see here? Trump: "If you really think it's so awful, why didn't you change the law?" Clinton: "I actually have a fix for this, if every one will allow me?" *Gets out phone* *pulls up YouTube* *puts on Schoolhouse Rock - "I'm Just A Bill"*
People understand, specially in the recent years, one person can't just change a law... it's only Trump that doesn't seem to realize that.... Edit: can to can't
I think you meant *can't, unless I'm misreading
Thanks!
Because it has to play in subtext. Running for president, you can't project powerlessness even if it makes perfect sense. The expectation is that a person running for president should have been corralling the senate themselves by putting forward, championing, and ensuring a vote for legislation. To a point that's a totally reasonable expectation: senators can be very influential and we do want the best of the best for the highest office, but even when it isn't reasonable you can't say it. Even a voter who understands the complexities can have their opinions colored by the implication of weakness.
Good points. Reminds me of the biography of President LBJ titled "Master of the Senate."
> I keep wondering why she didn't remind him that she was a senator, not a dictator. And she was only senator for 12 years, not 30. 30 years ago Hillary Clinton the First Lady of Arkansas. She was supposed to have a major impact on the country from that position? Have any other First Ladies of Arkansas affected our lives in any way?
*she was senator for 8 years
Is Trump not getting his third Emmy basically his version of Hitler not getting into art school?
It was his personal second tour of Vietnam.
It's his personal Holocaust.
Seriously though, fun fact: The PBS Frontline biography of Clinton and Trump identifies Obama's roasting him at the 2011 White House Correspondents Dinner as the exact moment he decided to run for real, just to stick it to Obama for so thoroughly humiliating him.
I've never felt like an emoticon could express my feelings more 
Some say it was Seth Meyers and Obama making fun of him at the 2012 White House Correspondents Dinner, but the theory I think is also great is that he wasn't allowed to buy the Buffalo Bills, and there is a great ESPN 30 for 30, *Small Potatoes * , about how Trump pretty much tried to sue his way into the NFL, because he wasn't being allowed to buy a team. This is a couple of years old, but it doesn't really leave a good impression of Trump.
Hey man, tea is pretty serious. Just ask Boston.
Oops forget a letter, meant team. Was confused at first why you were talking about tea when I was talking about potatoes.
Well, he probably blamed the Jews too.
Slow clap.
Suspenseful clap.
This is my favorite post in the thread.
On mobile so I don't have the link, but look up the vid of Obama trashing Trump at the presidential correspondents dinner a few years back. He gets him hard. They show Trump's reaction for a bit and it's just.. this look. That moment right there is like watching a supervillain being born. It was also, coincidentally, the same night that (not yet known to the crowd/public) the raid on Bin Laden's compound was taking place.
That was a ballsy night in American politics.
I think it was Seth Meyers skewering him in 2011 that did it. Specifically the 'running as a joke' line. It was a brutal takedown and Trump was seething.
Really thought that Clinton would just ride out the last debate and let Trump bury himself, but she actually went on the offensive and did it surprisingly well. She got the shots in while discussing policy and even added a bit of humor to the mix. Trump got baited so badly when she did as well. He fell apart 90% of the times she insulted him. His whole debate went off the rails as soon as she said he had choked when he went to meet the president of Mexico. Edit: Also Clinton looked genuinely disgusted by Trump at various times during the debate, and disgusted to be on the same stage as him. This election has been disturbingly personal at a level I don't remember seeing in any election before.
Just review the Handshake tallies: * Handshake before and after debate 1 * Handshake only after debate 2 * No handshake at all last night
She triggered him with bringing up Putin first and think she did it on purpose. Well it worked. Think she had a plan for this debate and pulled it off.
Of all the *moments* we've enjoyed this far, his pithy "No puppet. No puppet." has to be one of the saddest, most desperate deflections I've ever seen from a politician. He tries to sound tough, but he knows he's sunk. Low energy. Sad!
Of course she was disgusted. She's wanted to be president since she was a child and has worked her whole life up to this moment. Losing to Obama was one thing (since he was and is a fantastic politician), but the possibility of losing to this rich kid monkey is an insult to the entire political system.
He did say that he'd throw her in jail if he was president. He's also been trashing her husband and Obama with really low blows. I'd say the worst thing for her as a veteran politician is seeing this election turn into an insult contest and really dropping the ball on policy. I'd be pissed too if I were her.
Politics is a dirty game. She's not pissed. She's having a good time.
True and she was smiling a lot. This is an easy as it will ever be for her.
The emails were going to be a talking point if hillary just slid by on this one. She had to be aggressive to maintain the narrative and keep trump talking about other topics that he would fumble with.
Not that it matteres but for anyone keeping notice Clinton wore a blue dress, a red dress, and tonight a white dress to complete her murica trinity.
White is her "closer" dress.
Holy shit
lol they weren't dresses they were women's pants suits. Our future POTUS is so stylish.
Sounds like one of the candidates is playing 4d chess.
Suits. I actually think Clinton looks good in white.
Wasn't a dress but still neat.
It was a nice touch.
It was a conspiracy, read her twitter bio "pants suit aficionado". Un. Believable. She's been planning the whole time america. She knew all along she'd have to wear clothes to the debate. Where did she even get that information? Someone search the emails.
Surprised Trump didn't invite Monica's stained blue dress and drape it over a seat in the front row...
If he brought those other women out, there is no chance that he didn't reach out to Lewinsky. She just had the good sense and tact not to accept the invitation.
I also bet that she supports Hillary.
Huh, weird I didn't consciously notice that. The way I saw it was that she wore red the first debate to counter any idea of her being weak, she wore blue the second debate to paint her in a more calming and personable light, and she wore white the last debate to symbolize the purity of the office of the POTUS.
I need somebody like you in my life to help me decide what to put on in the mornings.
I'm not normally into outfit talk, but I love that. Classy af
Yep. Honestly, I know it's not what we want to focus on with the first female president, but she really used the fashion-gender-difference to her favour, and brilliantly so. If people are going to be commenting on what she's wearing anyways, may as well make it a selling point. Being female gives her the freedom to wear a full colour suit when it wouldn't be seen as appropriate/presidential for a man. She took that freedom and ran with it, with awesome results. I'm mightily impressed by that, and by the fact that in no way did it overshadow her or become a focal point.
Focusing on isn't the same as mentioning- we have 15,000 comments on this thread, of admittedly varying quality, about her policy- a couple of comments on what she wore, in that context, are probably ok.
Yeah. It was like the fifth one down when I commented that though. And it wasn't a criticism or anything; like I mentioned I agree with OP. :)
Oh sure- I was just pointing out what I thought was an oft-overlooked distinction between *focusing* and *mentioning* that came into mind when I read your comment; I think you hit the nail on the head with the 'focal point' thing. I don't think it's wrong to *mention* the fashion choices of actresses/female politicians/other women in media, to comment on it in passing- but focusing on it is a bit patronising and insulting.
Agreed. I was just thinking about that today when I saw her in a large group of men in tuxedos, and she wore bright pink. I thought, she's the only one with freedom of expression right now, and I would wear color in that position too.
Regarding your username, I loved that show until the end of the second season. I was massively disappointed with how they resolved the major story arc and just couldn't stay interested in the show anymore.
Lol the second season finale was my favourite episode of the entire show!! Thanks for noticing though, I try to make Patty Hewes comments in all the TV related threads and no one ever gets it :'( haha
I thought it had a weird sort of futuristic look to it. Like President Coin in Hunger Games or something. Not a bad thing at all, but when she walked out on the stage I had a brief sense of, "Wow, it's 2016."
They were suits but yes.
Even Al Gore accepted the results of a highly contested presidential election in which he won far more votes and a court helped decide.
I'm not american, and not terribly interested in this election, but seeing what bush went and did, wouldn't've you preferred that to not be the case?
Bush was a terrible president, but would we rather have a breakdown of our democratic system, and worst case scenario a civil war? No, I think anyone rational would not want that.
No. Peaceful transition of power, respect for the rule of law, are more important than *anything* else. Lack of it is why so many young democracies fail.
The mistake was on the court, and if Al Gore had done it, he would set a precedent that undermines democracy.
I think the electoral fraud undermined "democracy", (if you can call what you guys have that).
You're probably not wrong. However, the worse precedent would have been for the loser to continue to challenge the election of the new President, because it would have undermined the authority of the office forever.
It is far more important to carry on gracefully than to jeopardize the system. Gore got more votes, had his day in court, and lost, he did the right thing.
> jeopardize the system You'd think that that's exactly what you'd want to do considering the deep deep flaws of the system. Meh, suit yourselves either way, in four or eight years you'll be asking again why you have such awful candidates running.
I think it would be bad to not accept the results because it could lead to a violent overthrow and that would be bad for everyone. It would set a precedence for future politicians to try and overthrow the government if they're not happy with the votes. People should just move on and try to change the system with the other two branches of government.
The system is based on the rule of law. At one point, a court ordered that counting of the ballots stop, *and they stopped counting.* The Supreme Court made a transparently political decision which should embarrass them forever, but *they decided*. The system is flawed. In fact, it is not clear that the division of powers can actually work with highly polarized political parties. For example, the Republicans are blocking the appointment of *any* justice to replace Scalia. *No legal mechanism exists* to change that. The Constitution did not envision the possibility of the Senate refusing to take up their duty to advise and consent. > why you have such awful candidates running. I refuse to concede that Hillary is an awful candidate. Really, all you have is the endless repetition of how awful or untrustworthy or dishonest Clinton is, but mostly because they've heard so much about hyped-up scandals that they don't even know what they are about.
>I refuse to concede that Hillary is an awful candidate. Nowhere near the quality of Bernie Sanders, by means of political revolution you could have candidates of that caliber running more frequently. Maybe people are assuming I'm inciting violence or something? A revolution is not necessarily an armed one.
You can in fact improve a system without jeopardising it. Throwing away a system instead of improving it just sets you back.
thank you, expert on the american political system
could you please at lest expand on that? just the snarky remark doesn't contribute to discussion.
You say that, but consistency has been a good thing for our country. I'd rather have a down period and learn from it than blow the whole thing up. That would be an unnecessary risk to me.
I think that something I heard recently It's showing to be truth, the time of revolutions has passed because conformity is on an all time high level. What It baffles me is that this kind of sentiment is echoed by young people too. Americans are all but slaves of wall street and the militar industrial complex, and seem to by fine with It, because standing against injustice would be too inconvenient...
Like sometimes I feel like people are living in a completely different country than me. People aren't conforming, they are content. They are content because most people have it pretty damn good in the US. Our system has kept this country stable for a long time. Not to say there aren't problems and flaws (even big ones), but blowing up the system is downright stupid.
>Americans are all but slaves of wall street and the militar industrial complex, and seem to by fine with It Oh my fucking god. That's just so stupid. Do you know what a slave is? A slave is literal property kept in subhuman conditions being forced to do the worst work imaginable. My life is amazing. I got a degree and a good job. I live in a high rise with my girlfriend and dog in a nice, safe city. I play music during the week and play in the mountains on the weekends. I'm just a regular middle class American (with no kids, thanks Roe v Wade), and it's fucking awesome. Yeah, I'm not willing to blow it all up just yet.
> A slave is literal property kept in subhuman conditions being forced to do the worst work imaginable. I'm not getting in an big argument about that, but being a slave is being labor without freedom to choose otherwise
There are plenty of people who choose otherwise. Most people just like to have nice shit, so we work for it. The truth is, we're not slaves. If you can't see that, then idk. We just don't want to burn our nice ass house down
No it isnt. Slave - a person who is the legal property of another and is forced to obey them. Just the idea that you think citizens of a first world nation are slaves then you are delusional at best. Sex traffic slaves. Labor slaves. Those are real slaves. I can quit my fucking job and live in the fucking wilderness if I chose to. That's called freedom.
...really? That's all you got? Semantics? Fucking pathetic dude.
It's not just the word but the content of It. Also, about what you said above, people all around the world and in your own soil are suffering because of the actions of your government, your position is one very selfish to take.
We're more of a show deliberate change people than a "burn the house down". It's a damn nice house, and we know better than to shit where we eat.
Things are still pretty good here for most Americans. 'slaves of Wall Street' is extreme hyperbole.
You'll be paying the 2008 bailing of the banks for the next century with your tax money (your work).
Most of the 2008 bailouts've been paid back. With interest.
Do you think the global financial crisis was bad when it happened? It absolutely would have paled in comparison if those banks had failed. This wouldn't have affected just the United States but every economy of every modern nation would have been absolutely and totally devastated. There would be absolutely nothing wrong with the bail out had our government implemented major reforms and had taken those responsible to court.
Strictly speaking, he accepted a Supreme Court decision.
I don't know how old you were when that happened, but he certainly fought those results tooth and nail, and rightly so.
People keep mentioning this and it is true Gore did fight for them however he fought for them when he saw how close the numbers were. He didn't complain before the election the way Trump is doing. Conservatives can defend Trump as much as they want but in the end you have to realize that this situation and the situation with Gore are independent of each other.
I'd say that there have already been enough signs of shenanigans (mostly during the primary) on both sides that the results will be highly scrutinized. I'm willing to bet that we won't know the final results before midnight on the 8th.
A recount was triggered under Florida law and that caused all the court stuff. But at no point did he say that he wouldn't accept the results. Also he won the popular vote by 500k.
I don't know if you're agreeing or disagreeing with me but by no means did he agree to the initial count without complaint.
What are you talking about? He conceded when Florida was originally called for Bush. He rescinded his concession when Floridian law automatically triggered a recount, and the results remained uncertified for a month, and then immediately conceded again once the results are finalized. You're making shit up.
He doesn't have to. He has to after the courts weigh in.
I mean, he had complaints. He made the complaints. They were investigated. Bush won. He conceded. The correct response from Trump was "unless there are extraordinary circumstances, like a recount, I will accept results on election night."
> Bush won. He conceded. Yeah, only **after** it hit the supreme court. How would he take on the supreme court if he disagreed?
I mean, if Trump wants to make a valid complaint to the courts I'd support him in that. But that isn't what Trump is promising.
The Supreme Court ruled on the constitutionality of the recount; the election wasn't over until the Supreme Court chimed in. What was he supposed to do? Concede an election he hadn't yet lost?
They are just trying to spin it. Like the whole pussy grabbing and Bill Clinton.
In all honesty the Supreme Court has no enforcement powers outside of the Federal Marshalls. The whole system works because we accept it...like we do the peaceful transition of power.
MEGYN KELLY IS *SAVAGE* TONIGHT. No fucking brakes on the Kelly train. She is wrecking this poor Trump campaign dude's shit.
fuck we dont get fox news in the uk unless you want to pay :(
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdP6gMyGLuo
cheers pal!
i wish i had more channels other than CNN...
Wait... Megyn Kelly is the sexy racist Republican piece of garbage, right?
She's an independent. But yeah to the rest.
I don't think she's racist. The rest is apparently accurate.
She is. I watch Fox News and even I agree that she is. Some of the segments she's done...
Like what?
https://youtu.be/osoQwiJT04Y
I don't see anything racist in that video...
"Santa just *is* white," for example. She certainly has her moments, though, and is much better than the likes of Sean Hannity.
How is that racist?
St. Nicholas himself was Greek, and born on the Southern coast of what is now Turkey. He certainly wouldn't have the Anglo-Saxon features often assigned to Santa Claus. This is beside the point, though. Santa Claus is entirely fictional. He can be whatever fucking race you want him to be. So to go on national television and reassure children that might, for whatever reason, be watching Fox News that he is white demonstrates that she's incredibly uncomfortable with the idea that someone could say that Santa was black or Asian or anything other than a fat white guy with a beard. And it is somewhat racist to deny others their own interpretation of Santa Claus, insisting that he *must* be white because that's how she sees him.
Oh absolutely. I don't disagree that Hannity or Bill are better than her. It's just that I don't agree that Megyn is the messiah which people make her out to be.
THats Ann Coulter.
Thaaaat's who I was thinking of. The shoddy book seller. Thanks.
Actually it could be either. Kelly is the younger one who had comments about Trump during his "from wherever" stage. Kelly is the younger sexy racist blonde republican who sells books. Coulter does all the same but bombed at the Rob Lowe roast a month or so ago.
Ann Coulter is sexy?
She won the kentucky derby, so i guess?
If you appreciate a nice Adam's apple on your girl.
So a dude?
No thanks.
If you think a scarecrow with skin that never shuts up is sexy, fuck, man, thats just, blerrrch.
yes, she is. but she's recently rebranding toward center because she wants to be the next big network diane sawyer.
Watching people defend Trump is more pathetic than Trump himself.
Oh my god. Straight up barbaric on that dude.
I think Fox news realizes the upcoming civil war that will happen to the Republican party after Trump loses and is picking their side preemptively. There will be radical right that will be dying out and the moderate right which they realize is the future of the Republican Party. If they don't their entire TV channel is done.
Trump has shat all over the Republican Establishment, which Fox is basically part of.
I assure you if Fox news realized this it is far too late to change "But the majority of those viewers are over the age of 55. In fact, the median age for O'Reilly is now just over 72 years old. The average Fox News viewer overall is 68.8, while the average ages of MSNBC and CNN viewers were 62.5 and 62.8, respectively." http://www.politico.com/blogs/media/2014/05/may-cable-news-ratings-spare-no-one-189393
I hope they get some clips of that online soon, I cannot tear myself away from the CNN coverage where Kayleigh and Jeffrey are making complete fools of themselves.
This one? https://youtu.be/Ox3EAov54Ms
I don't like her at all, but that was fantastic.
She fucked his shit right up.
I can't believe the stupid coming out of of his mouth. Why do all Trump surrogates have the same tonal delivery?
So much violence on television
I thought that dude was going to cry. Rekt.
I've always wondered what a snuff film would look like.
Holy shit. You guys weren't kidding. Good job Megyn.
Good lord, that dude is pathetic. He must be getting paid nicely to keep up the charade.
One of the YouTube comments said he looked divorce and lived in his car lol
Trump doesn't pay people. Should be some interesting stories from angry unpaid staffers in a few weeks.
That guy had the vibe of a true believer, and the wits to match.
Goddamn, she is as tenacious and sharp witted as an Aaron Sorkin character. I'm legitimately impressed.
I called the police. What she did to him could not have been illegal. She grilled Donna Brazille later as well but she was able to weasel out. This poor guy though...
>I called the police. What she did to him could not have been illegal. You may want to edit that one.
Kellyanne on CNN is having a rough time.
Good!!!
Link?
Good
She's probably tearing her hair out.
Maybe Donald is. I hear he likes to do that to women he finds responsible for his problems.
She knows she's fucked
I missed it. What happened?
She was asked "What happens if he doesn't accept defeat?" and she just said, "Oh well he won't lose" and noped the fuck out.
She gave the peace sign, so it's all good, right?
Like walked off? Literally?
Yes.
Holy shit Edit: [Video](https://youtu.be/mGc3bIuVo7c)
Thank you for finding the video!
Not as dramatic or interesting as I had hoped.
I was thinking the same, I was hoping for disaster but I think she handled it pretty well.
She's gotta earn her paycheck, but her employer is making it damn near impossible.
If she gets a final paycheck...
The mercers will make sure she does.
"I'm only here so I don't get fined"
It would've ended worse for her if she didn't walk away.
she had no choice but to walk away...
Walking away... not a good look
It's like dropping a class at the end of term. What's worse, the W or the F? She picked W.
Bad Hombres Rigged, Suspense Emmys Nobody has more respect for women (audience laughs) Nasty Woman No you
Why is it whenever he defends himself he says the absolute best person ever? Like really? You think *no one in the world* respects women more than you. He just plays himself constantly.
You forgot "swatches of land" .
No, you're a puppet Least stupidest
Are you posting from the snl writers' room?
If only...
You forgot **WRONG**
*sniff*
What was the emmys thing? I didn't get the reference.
He's still salty he didn't win an Emmy he called them rigged. Just like any time he's losing.
WRONG WRONG WRONG ^^^/s?
Don't forget the "four more years of Obama" line!
I did not understand the thinking behind this. Obama is polling at almost 10% higher approval ratings than Hillary. Trump shouldn't be trying to showcase how similar they are.
You forgot "you're a puppet"
*hambre
*ombre. These millenials and their bad dye jobs.
I think you'll find he was trying to say "Harambe".
Thankfully he didn't do "dicks out"
Wrong! Wrong! Wrong!
How can he keep going with the respect for women line? Even *if* all of his accusers are lying and conspiring against him...he is on tape numerous times completely disrespecting women. He *says* that he respects women, but he has done absolutely nothing to prove that he does.
I mean honestly, who cares? I'd rather a president that is not a criminal. Hillary will destroy this country.
Like Trump and his trade embargo deals or sexual assault?
Well, seeing as how he demeans women, who constitue half the population, my guess is that many people will care. Clinton has not be charged with any crimes or found guilty. If you are going to apply the low standard equally, than Trump is also a criminal. How will Clinton destroy the country? Her policies are pretty standard fare for a democrat. They have been scored as adding less to the debt than Trump's plan. "Destroy the country" is a tad hyperbolic.
Because to him, "respect for women" means "how much do you like looking at the female figure?"
he respects women('s looks)!
Saying that he has respect wouldn't even be so bad. But to claim that he's the person with the most respect for women is just ridiculous.
It is his disrespect for women that allows him to so brazenly lie about respecting women.
Just like he says he can make America great again. He says a lot of stuff doesn't he?
He disrespected a woman tonight! On fucking live TV! That Nasty Woman line was soooo fucking uncalled for.
Anyone who thinks it's not sexist imagine if his opponent was a dude. Would he have said such a nasty man?
Possibly. How is calling someone a nasty woman sexist? I mean ffs Donald Trump is a gods damned moron but come on. So, let's say I know a woman at work who lies all the time, tries to get people in trouble for stuff they didn't do, and is just all around a bad person. Imagine O'brien from Downton Abbey if you will. And one day you say, "Hey do you know that lady?" And I say, "Yeah, stay away from her, she's a real nasty woman." You're going to tell me that is a sexist remark? This PC shit is getting out of control.
After one thing she said about Trump, which was no where near as bad as most of the constant personal attacks he piled on Clinton the whole night.
Have to give credit to* Van Jones for pointing out that it's sophistry to compare the US growth rate to developing economies like China and India.
It's sad he had to spell it out
I couldn't believe Hillary, or even Wallace, didn't call him on that. How can you possibly compare the US economy to India like that and expect to maintain credibility? And a growth rate of 5% in the US? What a joke. Where the fuck did that number come from? Donald just feels like 5% is a lot more than 1%? It's insane
That has to be pointed out
Lets not forget what I think is the biggest moment. Trump dismissed the findings of 17 intelligence agencies of the United States in order to defend Putin.
He could have easily spun that... say "yes, I'm aware of the intelligence being reported and it's very likely accurate. However I'm in favour of maintaining a good relationship with Russia. I think being civil with Putin would help America bigly" Instead he essentially discredited some very powerful and well run intelligence organizations.
Any reasonable person could have easily said, "Of course I believe the experts and condemn Russia's actions. That doesn't change the fact that I want to know about those e-mails." The only reason not to say it is because he actually is cozy with Putin.
Wallace: "Will you accept the peaceful transfer of power if you lose?" Trump: "We will see, I like to keep people in suspense" One attack ad delivered on a silver platter.
He's trying to maintain the element of surprise for the coup he's planning on Nov 9.
November 29th
He thinks this is a reality show, and wanted a cliffhanger for the series finale.
As if he has any political power to transfer...
That's fucking horrifying and not a laughing matter.
I actually consider it a threat. What the fuck man.
Who doesn't want another Civil War? Was that when America was great?
At least the racists in the country got a good whooping out of it.
Wish they'd just secede from the union peacefully
Those Southern boys fight better we just won the logistics and troop count war.
Say what you want about incompetent union generals but they lost 2 battles in Pennsylvania and we burned the state of Georgia
Well it depends a lot on the generals. Thank god Grant had the sense to delegate, and Sherman had the balls to commit to total war.
Yeah but now we have drones
Trump: "We're going to have a lot of free trade more free trade than we have right now" Also Trump: "NAFTA was the worst thing to ever happen to this country"
Yeah that was a really bizarre thing to say. Even for him
so taking away free trade gives more free trade? i never understood this economists talk :-(
Be nice though, he probably has no idea what NAFTA stands for.
"I like playground balls, but if it isn't red, I'm going to pop it and sulk in the corner."
I really wish Trump has more to say beyond the basic understanding of the definition of Free Trade in which he still has difficulty of understanding, but hey, I learned about Free Trade in week 3 economics! I'm ready for the presidency.
I'm actually legitimately confused. Free trade, from what I understand, is a deal wherein both parties agree that neither one will tax the other. He wants to create a "better" free trade deal where we win the deal. On what grounds can we win the deal, without making it so it is no longer free trade at all?
Free trade means that our people have to compete with smaller countries equallly, unfortunately the small countries dont buy 90% of the shit we do so we get screwed. Its like trying to get a job in IT if youre not Indian...impossible..
I've been working IT for 15 years in America, as a white American. Your definition is wrong and example is racist.
Riiiight. 65%+ Indian contractors at most companies isnt hurting us at all..
If you work in a call center. The jobs you are referring to have mostly been replaced with automated answering machines. Even then, I would like to see where this 65%+ number is coming from.
And there being 65%+ Jewish comedy writers is what's keeping me from selling my screenplay! Idiot.
This is not true at all. Please don't speak of things you don't know about. Trade relies on competitive advantages, not on countries buying/not buying "the shit we do". In a perfect world both countries are better off thru trading but since in reality trades are not done in an economic bubble, there are pros and cons to each trading agreement. For example, a trading agreement may make manufacturing be more economic to be done in another country due to cheap labor costs, which is bad for US manufacturing workers. But the upside is that the rest of the US population gets the benefit of cheaper goods. In conclusion, trade has its pros and cons and anyone that has a definite stance on trade as a whole is uninformed. Trading agreements should be evaluated on a case by case basis.
Obviously youve never lived in a country like Ireland whose economy would be destroyed by free trade..
What are you even saying? My comment is not a proponent of "free trade". My point is that having a definite stance on trade (meaning pro or against trade) is ignorant. Trade agreements should be evaluated on a case by case basis. Sometimes it's good, sometimes it's bad. Can I make it more clear to you than that?
That's not really accurate. The reason trade is good is because countries have comparative advantages in producing goods/services. The times when it doesn't work are when the benefit from specialization are less than the costs of trade. It has nothing to do with absolute advantage in production.
See trump understands free trade from his personal business experience, where people trade him things for free when he skips out on the bill.
"While I was bringing Osama bin Laden to judgement while you were hosting Celebrity Apprentice" "Yeah and I should have won an Emmy"
I'm confused, is NAFTA the worst deal of all time, or was the Iran nuclear deal the worst deal of all time?
The answer: "I didn't say that."
I was confused by that too
Well you see, it makes sense if you think about how all the ISIS fighters left Mosul due to our announcing the attack, but at the same time the battle is going disastrously for our allies.
Yes
Trump thinks in binary: things are either the best or the worst. There are no continuums, no nuances, no complex categories. A simple mind living in its own simple world.
He calls every trade deal the worst. He's against trade because it has pros and cons. Therefore, in his eyes, it only has cons
He's going to 'make the best trade deals' and there's going to be 'free trade' but with 'good trade deals'...'Free Trade', I don't think that means, what you think it means Donnie.
So, he's definitely going to contest the outcome of the election.
Or else he thinks he's 'gaining leverage' in some kind of negotiation because he's a fucking idiot and doesn't know how any of this works.
defiantly
Poor spelling, or good pun?
I'm not even sure what that means, besides putting out a few tweets about how a yuge number of votes meant for him somehow weren't counted. Elections are run by the states... and guess which party runs most of the states. To be fair he'll go down fighting, but he's going down. At this point, few people seriously expect him to win. For him to do so would take such a monumental landslide of opinion to change this late in the election cycle that it would be almost unprecedented in the country's history.
That or he'll encourage his goons to 'use the second amendment'. This is genuinely terrifying.
That is the nightmare scenario.
Honestly? It's going to be the few who are willing to actually follow through with that, which means risking the life they've built, such as it is, and the potential to go to jail. I think that shit will happen. I think maybe even enough that we'lol recognize there is a problem, but it won't rally anything. I am pretty certain the repub party will back off from their extreme rhetoric. Maybe I'm just being drunk and hopeful though.
I hope so too but there are millions of people being riled up and are being told the election system is rigged. Law enforcement spends billions of dollars to find handful of extremists who are planning an act of terror; but there are MILLIONS who might do just if Trump loses.
How? He's going to be destroyed.
It won't matter.
I was actually somewhat surprised that he refused to be pinned down and tried to leave his options open. It's usually not a problem for him to say one thing and then the complete opposite the next day, so why say "wait and see" now? Perhaps his advisers have temporarily managed to get through to him that this "rigging" nonsense is a terrible strategy, but he really wants to throw a tantrum in the case of losing, so he's splitting the difference and employing delaying tactics for now.
Exactly. I was seriously expecting him to just flop back and forth depending on who asked, because it his base sticks by him no matter what. But he didn't, because that would imply he thinks about the things before they come out of his mouth. The fact he *actually, legitimately* believes the election will be rigged if he loses is terrifying.
As soon as polls close, watch him start filing law suits.
He doesn't have enough money.
Contesting 15 states seems pretty damn tricky.
No he's gonna contest the ones he loses, so more like 33
I definitely won California!
Florida will probably go for Clinton. Does Trump think that our Republican governor, a vocal Trump supporter, is part of a conspiracy to keep him from being elected? He is completely detached from reality.
Ohio might go for trump and the governor hates him... Don't think he'd contest Ohio. Btw I am so tired of these ads as an Ohioan. Make Ohio Lawyer ads again.
According to 538, Clinton will take Ohio by a small margin. Grain of salt obviously, because margins like that can go either way. http://i.imgur.com/c6C6X7V.png
Yeah, but then you look at PA and MI which look likely to go to Clinton. Most of the swing states are favoring her right now. I'm not sure if Trump is delusional or pre-meditating his planned contention.
Oh I mean just look at that election map in general. It wouldn't surprise me if it changed to 90% Clinton after that abysmal debate performance from Trump.
Schaaaawing states baby!
Pence is gonna give the concession speech. No way trump faces the music like that
That will be horrible for Pence in 2020. A fucking concession speech for someone else because your running mate refuses to give in.
Did Sarah Palin try to do that?
I wonder if the party is paying Mike to act as a white blood cell to the Trump virus the GOP has come down with.
sarah palin would fucking lose her mind.
It's like when Cornwallis sent that subordinate out to surrender to Washington.
Anyone with a pussy is advised to stay outside a ten mile radius of Donald after the election.
That's been my assumption for months, but now that Trump won't even accept the results... There's no way he's let out of his safe space to concede. Fuck, he'd probably call for armed revolution.
They're calling it a coup in the Donald. Forgetting that a coup would occur if he were elected and the army was just like, nah we're not listening to your crazy ass.
Hadn't thought of that. Wouldn't surprise me in the slightest.
That actually would be appropriate, considering Pence would've been the one in charge of foreign and domestic affairs.
It has ALWAYS been the candidate for president that has made the concession speech. In fact Sarah Palin was persistent in wanting to make a speech after John McCain lost in 2008, but his campaign advisors shut that down, quick. (I only know this because I watched Game Change on HBO.)
Domestic affairs is more Trump's ballpark isn't it
Aka, be the president.
Making America Great Again is a full time job, guy. Frankly, that would be the best possible outcome. Like losing a hand, whilst successfully fishing your junk out of a blender.
Trump: Pence, you are now Vice President of Reading My Goddamn Concession Speech. Christie, go get some McDonalds. The rest of you lost me this election because you rigged it for Crooked Hillary Clinton. You're all losers and you're fired. Get out of here. Not you, Ivanka, I need you upstairs.
As a Canadian I've been wondering, if your not in charge of domestic or foreign policy....... is there a third policy I'm missing. Because if I said I wasn't in charge of anything off my property or on it, that would sound like I wasn't in charge.
No, you clearly have a more accurate and nuanced view of the American government than Trump does. I think Trump wants to in charge of the "deals" though.
The "ideal" Trump presidency would have him in a symbolic role like your Queen. I doubt he would do that however.
Space, the final frontier and the the only thing Donald Trump will focus on.
I wonder how NASA would feel about this. Huge new budget but some serious micro management from the don
You're not missing a thing. That's all the policies we have.
He's in charge of Making America Great Again
Trump was going to be the one to pardon the turkey at Thanksgiving.
He's in charge of the taco bar. It was under the purview of domestic policy until recently.
I have a great taco bar, it's really a great taco bar, Mexico, mexico is a big fan of my taco bar. It's gonna be UGE
This is frighteningly well-done in his voice
[How Donald Trump Picked His Running Mate](http://mobile.nytimes.com/2016/07/20/magazine/how-donald-trump-picked-his-running-mate.html) > Did he have any interest in being the most powerful vice president in history? > When Kasich’s adviser asked how this would be the case, Donald Jr. explained that his father’s vice president would be in charge of domestic and foreign policy. > Then what, the adviser asked, would Trump be in charge of? > "Making America great again” was the casual reply.
I think that's the point.
The third policy is Making America Great Again.
Why do we keep perpetuating this idea that Syrians refugees aren't being vetted??
Because there's an 18 month vetting process and it doesn't sound good to say, we're going to help these war and terror fleeing humans to save them from all of the horrible things happening over there... two years from now.
I don't know why people believe that refugees are not being vetted. Recently 60 minutes showed and explained the whole process in here. http://www.cbsnews.com/news/60-minutes-syrian-refugee-crisis-immigration
A high school friend shared one of those blogs "why as a woman I'm still voting for Trump" and I read it, and this was the first point, that we should know something about these people coming into the country. I wanted to say something about it, but I bit my tongue. I mean at a certain point I get offended, my jewish grandfather left Hungary in 1939.
I know it's complete bullshit. They are subject to years of questioning and background checks. It's not like they can just fly over here, get off the plane, and start living right off the government teat. I'm kind of pissed that the media doesn't talk about the process more. Maybe people wouldn't be so fucking clueless about it.
Because fear mongering is all Trump and the Republicans have.
Probably similar reasons why a certain party keeps perpetuating that dead people vote and massive amounts of women yank their aborted babies out 4 days before term.
Oh and how Hillary will take your gun and you'll be murdered because of it.
"Bad Hombre/Nasty Woman" just became the couples costume of the year.
It'd make a good song title too.
Trump bigly respects nasty women.
Hats off to Wallace tonight. He did as good of a job as you can possibly do on trying to control the candidates and call them on previous lies.
Fox News really is the fair and balanced network, after all.
Fox "News" is fine. Fox "Opinion" is the issue. If that network was 24 hours of Shep, Megym Kelly, Wallace, etc. it would be a pretty good network, but giving half or more of their airtime to Hannity, OReilly, the morning douches, and their other panels totally cancels out their good part.
The point is, Fox News was the most fair and balanced network this election, while what was going on with NBC, MSNBC, CNN, etc... was absolutely deplorable. They are less like news networks, and more like narrative networks. Absolutely deplorable, despicable, and spit on the face at this country and it's people.
Fox News, whose people talk about website polls in discussion of who won the debate. Fox News has zero journalistic integrity.
So, what are YOUR standards for fair and balanced? I would love to hear them.
That's debatable, and very subjective.
[Do you really believe this is fair and balanced?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbA5RE9eK08) HAHAHAHAHAHAHHA just please drop the act, man. You're not fooling anybody.
Seriously? He got steamrolled.
Lol more so than Lester Holt and Anderson Cooper? Not really...
Way more. He let Trump have last word every time. And he never made Trump actually answer a single question when he was blatantly avoiding it.
Nah, he did a good and honest job IMO.
Much better than Lester at least. I lost count at the amount of times the debate went off the rails with him. And Cooper debates too much with the candidates and seemed biased. At Least Lester remained nonpartisan
Gotta have some sympathy for Lester. Nobody could've known how to prepare for that shit show.
He was the best moderator by far.
If you ignore him lieing about social security, and not asking about income inequality or global warming then he still was shitty
I don't know how we went three debates without any dedicated time on climate change.
Well the companies that pay the moderaters get money from big oil
It's all rigged. A huge conspiracy.
I'm gonna agree with this. I really wasn't sure what to expect but arguably I think he was the best moderator we had this season. Not that I envy anyone who had to try to keep a leash on these bloodbaths.
He was fantastic. And I usually hate that guy.
Funny thing about that is George Wallace.
Sort of? Seems to me he called out Clinton for not answering the question and let Trump slide on that continuously.
Not on Aleppo, not on the Foundation, not on whether he'd go or the election results. He did well, IMO. There were definitely moments I wish it was Chris and Hillary sparring, they definitely had moment of good, decent debate.
He fucking destroyed. I'm gonna name my child after him.
That moment when he called out Trump on his foundation was magical.
I will admit, I went into this thinking that a Fox News anchor couldn't possibly be unbiased. I was pleasantly surprised.
Lol, wouldn't you admit CNN and more-left based anchors also have bias?
Yes CNN was left biased and I felt Hillary suffered for it. Fox keeping them both on topic definitely favored Clinton. I'm not a huge fan but Fox News definitely nailed it tonight.
Amazing what Fox could be...it CHOOSES to be a piece of shit 95% of the time though. This is what happens when a Republican crosses Rupert Murdoch
I agree, I feel like Fox news has been better since Ailes' exit.
It might sound nuts but thats the vibe i have gotten from fox recently. Their disdain for both has led decent coverage lately. The pandering on CNN has become unbearable. Don't get me wrong...they sit right of center but at least its somewhat close to center.
To be fair,can you imagine how hard it would be to be an unbiased journalist in this election? It's basically impossible to take Donald seriously.
He's angling for influence at the post-Ayles Fox News. Trump TV will take over the far right audience.
I liked the bit when Stewart went after them. Forget which anchor it was, but basically agreed that the pundits were batshit crazy but when you goto the actual news team they aren't that bad. The problem is people take the tv shows as news and fox pushes that.
Brit Hume I think? But yea, the anchors are legit while the punditry is entertainment after Fox was put on blast
Yeah, you have to remember that Fox News Sunday is on the fox network channel. Sunday show hosts are supposed to be nonpartisan. Wallace has always been this way.
I thought the choice and wording of questions presumed the truth of some aspects of a conservative worldview that are not true. For example a debt to GDP ratio of 78% is not automatically a problem. Who holds the debt and the interest rates it carries are very important. But he did better than I thought he would.
Chris is the one old guy they keep around that still has at least a whiff of quality journalism following him when he walks around. He's their Token
Megyn Kelley is fantastic as well.
I still can't get over her freakout over the concept of multiracial Santa a few years back, she really lost some points with me on that.
Uhhh Megyn Kelley is a nutjob that just happens to hate Trump because she's been personally attacked by him. Seriously, watch her show sometime, it's O'Reilly given a new coat of paint. Shep Smith is the only other real journalist there.
Shepard is the best on the network though.
I'm still amazed he's with them after Ailes basically demoted him for wanting to come out publicly.
Shep is awesome. He's the future of the network if they're smart.
He had way better control, but some of the framing of his questions were weird.
The first 2 questions about gun control and abortion made me think he was trying to save congress seats.
It's like he was *trying* to poke the fire and let it stir.
The entire "national debt is a problem" was a great example of presupposing the answer to a non existent problem. The debt isn't an issue. But at least we seem to have moved on from the stupidity of balanced budget amendments....for now
The debt isn't an issue *currently*, but if it reaches say 150-170% of GDP it would certainly become a problem.
Do you think he had better control because he was a better moderator or because Trump trusted him to be on his side more?
I think it was because he made a very strong impression at the beginning by cutting off the candidates and not backing down when their time was up or they were out of line. It really set the tone. What really stood out to me, was while they both were interesting, Trump could not help himself and just let Chris tell Hillary to shut up, he drove right in every time. Getting shut down by the moderator is not the best look, but Trump never let Hillary get shut down because he started talking over both of them. When your opponent is looking rude shut the fuck up and let it happen. But thankfully he's a moron in addition to being a terrible human being.
"But thankfully he's a moron in addition to being a terrible human being."  I think this is probably right. Anderson started the second debate by asking about the tape so that immediately set Donald off. And I don't think Lester necessarily did a bad job, but first debate Trump was something we couldn't really expect, only hope for.
His entitlement question was a train wreck, he was scaremongering about bankruptcy which is way further off than his estimates were but other then that he was great. Probably got his arm twisted to do that one by Hannity or O'Reilly.
He is going to have his conservative bent... and that's his prerogative. The others did as well. Honestly, this was the best run Debate we have had this year. Also you could see the exasperation in Mr. Wallace's tone towards Mr. Trump a couple of times.
I actually liked how he framed them. A lot of it was just "Hey here's what everyone is thinking in the most blunt way, just answer this: ".
Immediately having to follow up with: *Hey, shut up and answer my question.*
I think his framing was very much from a Conservative/GOP/Fox News sort of angle, which isn't a huge shock considering where he works. I liked it a bit though, because I thought it cut to a lot of issues that GOP/Conservative voters have with Hillary and Trump, and while it should've helped Trump by being more in his supposed 'sweet spot', it was such an incoherent, rambling mess most the time, it completely eliminated the advantage. Conversely, it gave Clinton an opportunity to really face the 'tough' questions and hammer home solid answers (though she certainly pivoted from a few questions I think we all would've liked some more direct answers to). In total, I think the debate was a microcosm of what (some of) Fox News and mainstream conservatives feel about Trump and the election - they don't like Clinton, but they know Trump is an asshat and a terrible choice. I thought Wallace did a service by giving questions that allowed Clinton to really speak directly to the fears of moderate conservatives, and really make her case as being a perfectly acceptable and reasonable candidate for President - not this crazy boogie man that the alt-right and hardliners have...trumped...her up to be.
To me, the defining moment came early: (Paraphrase) Clinton: I want the constitution to work for all people. Marriage equality, freedom of choice, take govt. out of women's health. Trump: I want the constitution to work as the founders wrote it. (which was in 1787. Slavery, women as second-class citizens, only white male land owners could vote.)
Funny, clinton didn't change her stance on gay marriage till the court rulings started to be handed down. She has been booed in the past for keeping that stance so long.
First time he's been succinct in a debate.
I mean not to minimize the weirdness of Trump, but those seem like pretty standard conservative and liberal positions.
This. We have came a long way, and much of that was due to breaking from the social norms at the time the constitution was penned. The basic outlying of it is a great framework, but beyond that we have to move forward lest we fall back into dark parts of our history.
One of the best thing about the constitution is that, by definition, it must exist as a living document.
I agree, but many conservatives do not...which is kind of the problem IMO. That is the biggest gap between the dems and reps, and ideologically between both sides of the aisle in our country.
The funny thing to me is that one of the things they most defend, 2nd amendment, is in fact a change, addition as its name suggest. I guess they want original plus 2nd amendment only since they keep complaing about 1st.
yeah lol.
Very good point.
> Slavery, women as second-class citizens, only white male land owners could vote. Yes, that would suit Trump perfectly.
It reminds me of that hashtag that his supporters were circulating where they legitimately talked about getting rid of women's right to vote, because then Trump would win.
"A vote for Clinton is a vote for 4 more years of Obama" ... considering Obama's record high approval rating, was that.. an endorsement?
Hi Bill Maher!
You got to remember his support base. They all think HR is the crook of the century and Obama is *still* somehow coming for their guns. Unfortunately for Trump the whole point of this shit is to add voters to your base and he's actually losing voters with his bullshit. I mean, 3 points in Texas? How are on the republican ticket and be so fucking close to losing Texas?!!
Great. That's exactly what she's running on.
I'll vote for that. I think most would.
I like Obama but I think the like is contrasted against a failed presidency with Bush. Bush got an F as a president and Obama might get a C. Might. At any rate we need an A president!
In our current black and white/us vs then political landscape that isn't going to happen. Both parties are more concerned with obstruction than actual progress, neutering any significant movement that could make an "A President."
With our F congress the most you can hope for from a president is a C.
It's more like a group project, to be honest. Hard for POTUS to get an A when House and Senate is actively trying to get him to fail.
You're downplaying his presidency, it is trending much more likely as a high b and his legacy will probably turn into an a over the years.
In what regards is he a B or A president? I suppose nuclear war hasnt erupted yet which is good.
Well we don't have one of those running right now. You get a C or the school burned down.
Especially after Paul Ryan's recent mention of "losing Republican majority in the senate means Bernie wins"... Republicans are doing a better job of getting me to vote for Hillary than Hillary is.
Not just wins but becomes chair of the senate budget committee. That's worth down ballot votes.
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/347191326112112640 lmao EDIT: screenshot just in case http://i.imgur.com/XLFR5sF.png EDIT2: bonus https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Ciijy_BUgAAFcDu.jpg:large
Sounds like a starstruck fanboy.
Awww, that's kinda sad. A lot of insiders say he has no friends because of his propensity to use and throw away people.
I stopped asking if stuff was real such a long time ago. *sigh*
4:17am because it is Putin's US review time then. Trump has to remain awake then for the Putin call
"I barely know this guy!"
wew lad
I'm shipping them so hard
Gonna need some bara slashfiction up in here stat
They would look cute together.
lol, TO THE TOP!!!11!!!
Are you fucking kidding me
You need to put a title on this, it's gold.
Wow
Puppet
Lol, Ironic coming from a hillary supporter.
No you're the puppet!
http://noyoureapuppet.com
No, you.
How am I just seeing this?
I thought the same. This is maybe his worst tweet.
...dear god thats not the fake account, is it?
I subscribed to it a few years ago because I thought it was a parody account. Slowly it dawned on me it was real.
2013
It's not a fake account. It's his
don't think so, it has the tick and all
This is just to add to the rhetoric used this evening in regards to women's health and Roe V. Wade, while I may not like either candidate there was some jargon and wording used to incite fear, "to rip a child out of a woman", this wording has made my physically ill. [Engaging Slight Rant] This decision to terminate in my pregnancy later in process (due to t13) was not easy it down right sucked and it to this day, years later, kills me. I'll never get over it. Tonight I had to listen to someone talk about how I made my decision, how I had been cavalier about what I literally had to do due to the fact that quality of life for my daughter was basically null. To think I may have to live in a society where I would have to carry to full term knowing full well what was ahead of me, and not being able to humanly take care of myself and my child makes me question the "greatness" that our country is trying to strive to.
Hm, you have to admit it was you who made the decision for the child to not live. Ya it's harsh to say but let me tell you a story, my Pop's was born nearly a month premature, he had to stay under diagnosis for a while to make sure he was in good health but he's almost hitting 70 and he's gotten to live. You know what if they decided to terminate the baby because he came out premature and the risk of brain damage was to high? What I'm trying to say is, ya it'sa tough decision but inevitably you made the decision to make your life easier, not the child. For all you know, the risk you child had could of come to pass with nothing. A kid goes through Cancer and maybe they sadly pass away at a young age 7-8 but at least they were able to live those 7-8 years and you were able to give them a life. Even if a child might only live to 3, might, isn't it worth more to take the risk and give them that chance to live then to then to give up on them before they even had a chance to live? And I'm saying this as someone who's father could of easily been given up on given the circumstances they were born under.
You can't terminate a baby once it's delivered. That's called murder. But a humane choice to spare an infant from a very short, very painful life is something else entirely. And I am the mother of a premature infant who's survival wasn't always assured, my experience doesn't hold a candle to what the poster was talking about. The pain of having to let go of a very wanted pregnancy and baby is something I wouldn't wish on my worst enemy
You should look up t13 and re-evaluate everything you just wrote.
Dude...no.
I genuinely hope your life improves some day soon in such a manner that you no longer feel compelled to behave this way.
You have got to be fucking kidding me
This is such a foolish, naive comment. A premature baby is an entirely different circumstance than a catastrophic genetic disorder. Not to mention, once a baby is already born, you can't terminate it. You have neither the facts nor perspective needed to weigh in on this issue.
Please don't try to guilt her for making one of the hardest decisions a human can make. C'mon, man. Have some decency.
I'm betting your very young and naïve. Life isn't always so black and white, there are lots of gray areas. you'll see. Everyone is entitled to their opinions, and also Every woman is entitled to make their own decisions about their own bodies.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patau_syndrome#/media/File%3APatauface.PNG NSFL. It's gut wrenching to imagine the pain of this child for one second.
Jesus fuck, I feel bad for saying but that reminds me of the child in Eraserhead. Fuck anyone who forces a woman to carry that to term.
Look up photos of babies with Patau's syndrome and ask yourself if any child should have to endure that, even if just for a life expectancy of three days.
You are a fucking scumbag. Shame.
Not all birth defects are the same, and a child with t13 has a grim outlook, and to say she was making her life easier by terminating her pregnancy is quite insulting. Her child would not have lived till 70, rather she would have spent her child' s brief life in an ICU, not able to even hold her child. She lives in a country where she had the ability to make a difficult, yet informed decision to not torture her child or herself. When you get the courage to start showing up at children's hospitals and taking care of infants who have no hope of ever living without advanced life support, who will never take their own breath, whose parents never get to sleep soundly because death could happen at any second - then maybe you can preach about how someone is simply "making their life easier"
To understand the background of T13, or Patau's syndrome you need to know it carries a high mortality rate with multiple congenital abnormalities which result in severe physical and mental impairment. By the time we knew what was happening we already knew there was an 80% chance of heart defects and her median life expectancy was 3 days, less than a half a week. This choice was not made to make my life easier, but you are correct, it was my choice, and now that right is hanging by a thread for anyone else going through or will go this.
then never vote republican. ever.
I have finally read through everything said just now, I want to thank you all for your empathy and kindness. I am just short of words from all the feels I have from reading each one. Thank you all.
Thank you for offering some insight into the heartbreaking reality that some women will face late into their pregnancies. I hope everyone involved in your care treated you with the utmost compassion and I hope and pray that sharing this story will help others to develop a little empathy.
Hi friend, I had to make the same choice for my very loved and wanted son in August due to Potter's Syndrome, which is not survivable. I hope that time is helping to heal your wounds. Please accept my condolences and have faith that you made the best choice to spare your daughter pain.
Thank you, I still have bouts of depression. I am lucky to have an amazing support system and for a long time I was angry at well, everything, including myself. It comes in waves, holidays are never easy. We haven't tried to get pregnant since. I still have a lot of work to mentally get back to a better place. But that's another issue that never was spoken about, our children were loved, they were wanted. No one has to go through making the tough choice and it's easy to say you would do it differently but it's not a perfect world. I wish you the absolute best, it's a rough road you're about to embark down and I would never wish it to anyone.
That's awful, I'm so sorry to hear this. Don't let the Grand Oaf Party ever make you feel like less of a woman for making a decision about your own body. Nobody has any right to judge you for your choices.
I'm so sorry you had to do that for yourself and your child. The fact is, in a perfect world, we wouldn't need abortion, but we don't live in a perfect world. Sometimes it's truly the best option, even if it's not something anyone really wants to do.
I am sorry you had to go through that. Fuck this election.
Thank you, this election is making horrible generalizations of major issues. It is sickening.
> "Trump will accept the results of the election because he will win the election" - Kellyanne Conway Umm and if he doesn't...?
He *will* win the election. Edit: Jesus christ, people, I'm quoting his campaign manager. It's sarcasm. The guy is a dolt and undeserving of the executive office, which was made clear by this debate. I mean holy shit.
I'm sure somewhere in the multiverse it might have happened/will happen. Probably not in this plane of reality though.
Every pollster disagrees with you. By a lot.
Oh, OK.
But he is claiming it is rigged. If he wins, wouldn't that mean he rigged it?
Obviously if it wins, it means everything was fair and it was the sheer will of the people speaking. /s
In fairness to her, I can't think of a better way to answer that question other than reprising the end of her SNL skit. Her candidate just said a horrific thing on the national stage that directly contradicts what his entire team has been saying. Deflection is the best she can do.
Then it's a great thing that America doesn't allow unfettered access to deadly weapons, oh wait...
I only just realised how dumb that statement is. It's almost satirical. She's effectively throwing a pre-tantrum.
How the fuck is this not higher up? Peaceful transfer of power is the SINGLE most important part of a political process, and Trump just ripped it to pieces. He is a full blown fascist. I would say that he is a lunatic, but you can be a fascist and not be a lunatic. People have been careful with the Hitler comparisons, but this is the final straw for me. Trump went full Hitler in this debate. Don't forget the "Hillary can't legally run" statement. Stop with the euphemisms, Trump is a Fascist. If he were a socialist he would be a full blown Nazi.
Peaceful transfer of power? Trump doesn't have any power. Him rejecting the results doesn't affect anything.
I honestly can't tell if this is Poe's law or not. The Nazis weren't even socialists.
It's not Poe's law if the person you are critiquing is literally a Nazi... I think Poe's law is preventing people from actually looking at Trump objectively. People forget that Hitler was elected, and think that the US could never elect a fascist. Well, Trump is one.
He isn't even similar to Nazis besides also being a nationalistic xenophobe. I also hate Trump and have already mailed in my ballot for Hillary, but saying he is literally Hitler is such a fucking easy cop out to actually critiquing him that just makes people completely tune your comment out
Trump is not outright stating his intentions like Hitler was, but make no mistake that his intentions are the same. His rhetoric is authoritarian to the extreme. Saying that he will fire congress, that only he can fix the system, that we should commit war crimes, combined with dogwhistles designed to promote paranoia and to fuel a distrust of democracy... A week ago I would have agreed with you. Hell, before today it was premature to call him a fascist. But after this debate calling him a fascist is not hyperbole, it is just an accurate characterization of his ideology.
You mean national socialist, which is not the same thing as a socialist.
Conwaybot: "Does not compute.ERROR.ERROR.MAKE AMERICA GREAT.BIAS"
Two moments will sink him imo Totally unwarranted "what a nasty woman" Not accepting election results.
[deleted]
Yes, totally unwarranted. This is a presidential debate, not a schoolyard during recess
I thought closing with "if you want 4 more years of Obama vote for her" when he has record high popularity was a pretty stunning one.
His blatant lie about making fun of the reporters disabilities as well. The video of it is one of her campaign ads.
Right? And she made a mild jab at his (legal but skeevy) tax-dodging to prompt the "nasty woman" comment. What a fucking slime.
Yeah there were a lot of moments but those were the big ones that are probably going to stick.
Not he repeated "you're the puppet" line? It sounded like a playground insult. So childish!
I know you are but what am I!
That too! So many disqualifying statements!
"I won't commit to it, I'll keep you in suspense" There's no longer any wiggle room or way to say that people are just blowing things out of proportion. Donald Trump is actually an (albeit minor) threat to American democracy
How much more extreme is Hillary Clinton's threat to American Democracy? ie the new undercover journalist stories that have been released.
Got a link, champ? One that doesn't lead to Breitbart or the KKK website.
Trump's word choice during the pro-choice part was disgusting. "Rip the baby out". It was scare rhetoric that neglected the sensitivities required of such a situation as late-term abortion. It showed an insensitivity to those women who would be placed in that position and how it is a very difficult situation. He just cannot empathize. Disgusting.
Also how is "ripping the baby out" in the 9nth month different from a cesarean section?
I think he wasn't prepared for the question was just throwing out a word salad to stall for time.
He's trying to make everyone who doesn't know about how it works think that's the way it is. Like someone just comes into the room, rips the baby out using a vicegrip or his bare hands and declares the operation a success. Seriously, how absolutely simple-minded do you have to be to believe that someone would actually "rip a baby" out of someone literally a day before the birth? It just doesn't work that way. If it did, there'd be riots.
I agree. It is a scare tactic based on ignorance. He's trying to make it sound like on the day before birth, a medical professional might say we need to "take the baby out" and the women might feel they are "ripping out her wanted baby". In reality, these women might have to face very serious decisions about their and/or the baby's health if the pregnancy were to proceed. They are likely educated about the medical risks by their physician so the woman may make the choice.
All I'm sitting here thinking is that it *is* something medical professionals do. It's called a Cesarean Section and is a damn form of birth. No one is advocating taking out the baby and then actively killing it. So I honestly have no clue where he is getting this information from because I would love to see his sources.
It's the same people who believed that Planned Parenthood was chopping up aborted fetuses and selling them on the black market. People that want to think with their emotions or their Bibles rather than actually look into what's being said and realize that it's bullshit.
> Trump's word choice during the pro-choice part was disgusting. YES. This. Not only did he use a bad choice of words, but he said it more than once. And he's so fucking incorrect about it, it makes my head spin.
Along with the insensitivity to people making these difficult decisions, it also perpetuates the complete ignorance abortion opponents hold. No education, no explanation, just misinformation and shock value to drum up the votes.
I'm surprised this isn't getting more attention honestly. I've always disliked trump but this comment made my stomach drop with how ignorant and insensitive it was.
and... honestly. does anyone believe that trump hasn't paid for 1400 abortions over the years? it's so disingenous i want to scream.
I was looking back on the buzz feed article from the k-file team or whatever about how he doesnt spend time with his children or change their diapers (things he said on radio) and when Melania told him she was pregnant, he says he responded with "well what are we going to do about it?"
i think what sickens me the most is that he knows he's lying. right down the line, he's playing to a base whose values he doesn't share, and they're buying it. whether out of desperation or sheer naivete, they're buying it. i feel sorry for them. he's actually convinced $20K a year earning impoverished people - blue collar workers at BEST - that a silver spoon 70 year old trust fund baby is on their side (more so than a woman whom i admittedly am not voting for, but one who was persona non grata in arkansas 40 years ago for not taking her husband's name, and for fighting for women and children). it's... fucking heartbreaking, honestly. i mean, i thought it was ridiculous when dubya convinced them, but at least he's a person "you can have a beer with." trump knows nothing other than $10,000 suits and private jets and cheating on taxes that his base is growing broke paying. (not to mention grabbing your daughters' pussies, or not doing so because they aren't "hot enough".) it's just sad, honestly.
Fuck him fuck him fuck him. A very good friend of mine had a late-term abortion because the babies neck had a hole in it, there were deformities with the head, and a whole host of issues. They told her if she carried to term and the baby survived, it would be suffering until it inevitably died. There was no way it would live beyond a few months, and they would have it in the hospital the entire time forcing the poor child to live. She chose not to hurt her baby that way. So I pray she was not watching this because fuck him for hurting people who have to go through that suffering with his words.
My condolences to your friend :(
The only person I knew that had a late term abortion (six months) did it because she found the very wanted fetus had total anencephaly...and she couldn't bear the thought of having to deliver that baby and watch it suffer and die slowly. Women don't do them for funsies. Jesus.
And Clinton voted to ban late term abortion
[No she didn't.](https://votesmart.org/bill/3260/11953/55463/prohibit-partial-birthlate-term-abortion-bill)
There's a wonderful, sad website called A Heartbreaking Choice about women who have had to have late term abortions due to issues like babies not developing lungs (they'd suffocate to death after being born) or severe risk that mom will die. The fact that people atracj these women is infuriating. I'm pro-choice all the way, but I can understand why others are not for pregnancies where there is no health risk. I can't understand why someone would want a baby to die slowly and painfully instead of quickly and humanely. And I don't understand those who say a fetus's life is more important that the mother's.
Exactly. These procedures are often used to save the life of the mother, or because the child could die in the womb or shortly after birth. You can't just keep a dead fetus in your womb, you'll get sepsis and could die. People like Mike pence have tried to pass laws that would force a woman to carry a dead fetus until her body naturally expels it--that's not even how it works.
Exactly. Also he acts like every woman who has a late term abortion wants to carry to full term, go through all the sickness and hardships on their body for as long as possible then get an abortion for the sake of it. He has no clue what he's talking about.
Same. It was heartbreaking. They'd been trying for years.
That debate was a slaughter. Might have solidified his share of 35%, but honestly he was humiliated on almost every god damn issue. Then he called her a nasty woman and refused to concede. He was eviscerated and wrote the bylines. Coverage is going to harp on that for days.
Chinese Steel
I really enjoyed tonight's SNL. Alec Baldwin was great. When does the debate start?
Got canceled. Only one person showed up prepared the other guy got sent home.
I'm depressed
Meh... They recycled the Trump repeating "wrong" skit from the first episode. The "Emmy's are rigged" joke was pretty funny though.
Kate McKinnon is starting to look A LOT like Hillary.
November 39th.
I have a 12D crokinole game scheduled on the 39th, uh oh!
First time I've seen Crokinole used in this meme.
Lousy Smarch weather...
There was a single person that had a loud giggle for one of Trump's answers. I'll bet money it was Mark Cuban.
https://twitter.com/jillianivey/status/788939786958479360 The @HillaryClinton team has already purchased http://nastywomengetshitdone.com and it redirects to the campaign site.  EDIT: May not have been her campaign team. Still hilarious. Honorary mention to the SNL skit that is my spirit animal: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KdVkIfRQaUU
Politely asking you not to use spirit animal in that way. I'm AmerInd and that's pretty racist and not really a good way to phrase it. Spirit animals are integral parts of many tribes' religious beliefs and it's hard for us to hear it joked about. It is pretty hilarious about the url though.
So you would never say something or someone is god-like?
Say what you will about Hillary, but her campaign and media team is on-fucking-point.
hahahahahahaha
Not the campaign team but that's really funny regardless.
"**Such a nasty woman**"
What a clown.
On a night with so many WTF moments I think that was the biggest one.
Fact check: Trump just dug his hole a lot deeper.
10 feet lower!!
It's just glorious, the lack of self awareness.
he says that about any woman who dare disagree with him.
you heard that too? I thought i was gonna fart.
Upvoted for unexpected reaction.
Yeah, I can't believe someone would only almost fart at that statement and not all out shit theirself.
The rich man's "bitch"
I legitimately can't believe he said that, even him....god damn
He says people are nasty guys all the time. You're clearly a sexist.
I hope you just forgot your /s.
Why is him all the sudden saying nasty women such a big deal?
He simply didn't need to go there. He especially didn't need to interrupt her to go there. From the way he said it and how casually it came out its such a clearly sexist line.
Because he did it live on a presidential debate. A place where you're supposed to act with respect towards your opponent. It's the context.
I actually spat out my drink and proceeded to have a really good laugh at the part. Pure comedy gold
[deleted]
But, he said he respects women more than anybody else.
I think it's pretty clear that in the seconds immediately following that statement, he made eye contact with either Kellyanne Conway or Melania and they were like _
nobody respects women more than him, but they gotta know their place, come on!
Yeah. The Oval Office.
that's right, and i want nothing more in my life that this whiny selfish orange menace to be never heard from, become irrelevant.
After his businesses crumble, his homes are foreclosed on, and he goes to jail for the rape of a 13 year old.
not even that, that's publicity, oblivion is where i want him to be.
I agree with Hillary - I am appalled that Trump refuses to say whether he will accept the outcome of the election. If he wants to complain about biased media coverage, fine. If he wants to call attention to flaws in our voting system, fair play. But to recklessly question the core mechanism of our democracy, the only reason any of us believe it works, is irresponsible. It's irresponsible because it could inspire some very stupid, very impressionable, very dangerous people to feel as if their nation has been compromised and that they need to take action. We've already seen what those sick bastards in Kansas were planning; what's going to happen if their Dear Leader tells them that the election is illegitimate and the president elect has assumed power under false pretenses? I've been shitposting along with most of r/politics in an effort to find some humor in this shitshow of an election, but this time I feel compelled to be completely serious. Shame on you, Donald Trump. We can now definitively confirm that there is truly no depths to which you won't descend. And all because your damaged ego can't bring itself to believe those polls that you wouldn't shut the fuck up about a few months ago.
Honest question, Were you appalled with Al Gore's election antics in 2000?
Honestly, at the time, I was. But I was also very young. Now that I've had years to reflect on that: Al Gore wasn't questioning the election or casting aspersions before the voting took place. Once it did, the results were so razor thin that he had a legitimate scenario in which to use legitimate mechanisms to ask for a recount. He never claimed the election was rigged against him because he was upset about polling results or media coverage.
That's a good point. I'm not sure what Trump expects to accomplish by refusing the results in the first place. If the system's rigged, it's not like refusing it would change anything anyways.
Great response to a fake question.
At what point does Donald's garbage become legitimate treason or a threat to the safety of the country? Nov 9th?
He's an extremely irrational person who could not be less qualified to lead.
I agree wholeheartedly. Even if people like the extremely few proposals he's actually put forward, I can't see how they can ignore that those ideas are coming from a petty, easily-manipulated egomaniac who would rather throw the whole country under the bus than admit that his latest vanity project might not pan out the way he hoped.
Trump failed "bigly"
[That's a Bigly Bad Hombre right there](http://www.zazzle.com/bigly_bad_hombre_t_shirt-235558767384997291)
Everyone is talking about how obamacare is a failure, all I know is I got 2 major life saving surgeries while I was making less than $1200 a month and I didn't pay a dime. Didn't fail me. Thank god to Obamacare I lived long enough to get a good job and contribute back to the system...
Really happy for you. Did you know that Obama makes himself read ten personally written letters a day at the White House? His aides pick letters from people who were mostly deeply affected by his presidency. I think you should try and write to him.
Yeah, thanks Obama
It's failing me. But that's because the republicans in my state refused federal money for gap coverage....
It's true that Obamacare was a bandaid that didn't tackle the real issue of prices, but given how people are still shitting bricks about the most conservative health care reform possible, I don't know how much further they could have realistically gone.
Insurance agencies pulling out is an issue that can't be ignored.
I have a chronic, expensive health condition that needs bi-weekly medicine to keep in remission. Without that medicine, I'd be too sick to work and I'd become a burden of the state on social security disability and unable to live on my own. Obamacare has allowed me to maintain my health, to keep working, and to live independently. Before Obamacare, no insurance company would ever have accepted me. I'm eternally grateful to Obama and the Congressmen that supported the AHA. They gave me the chance to live. So when people talk about repealing Obamacare, I take it very *very* personally. Trump can fuck himself, and all the GOP assholes that support repealing it can fuck themselves. It isn't politics, it's my life.
I'm in a similarly personal situation, without the medicaid expansion in my state I would very likely be dead right now, and if I wasn't dead I'd be in massive quantities of pain (only slightly dulled by prescriptions from the charity clinic) about half the time, and dealing with opiate withdrawals the other half of the time. There was no way I could have found full time work and insurance with that kind of impediment. I seriously considered suicide during the time I had to live with that pain, and I would be surprised if I didn't follow through with it if I never found any other options. Obamacare happened, though, and I got substantial treatment, and eventually surgery that has *solved* the problem. And yet I know people who are unhappy about it. I cannot help but take it personally. Their opinion is tantamount to wishing I was dead.
My wife's a Type One Diabetic. Previously, we had to get insurance through an employer since no other company would take her on due to her preexisting condition. Yeah, insulin and pump supplies are expensive. They would be cripplingly so if we didn't have insurance.
I have a pre-existing condition that caused me to get denied repeatedly by insurance companies when I applied. Now, I have affordable health insurance and don't fear going bankrupt if I'm ever hospitalized again. Every time I hear someone say that they will repeal Obamacare, I want to ask them what I ever did to make them hate me so much. I'll concede that it's not perfect, but why not fix what's wrong with it rather than do away with it?
I'm disabled and my COBRA (long term disability insurance pays a big chunk of it) runs it December and I'm going to need to get obamacare so I can keep going to my doctors and afford my Medication
God bless. I hope everything works out well for you. I'm really hopeful we could try to start to get things headed in the right direction in terms of premiums. If everyone works toward a common goal.
Where do you live? The states that didn't expand Medicaid are way worse. Though Obamacare is far far better than no reform at all, especially when single payer was still politically unpalatable.
It certainly can be fixed, if we scrap it we're going to have to fight tooth and nail to get some of the same coverage
Oh, I totally agree. Obamacare can't be scrapped unless we're moving to single payer. I'm not anti-Obamacare at all (though I wanted more, obviously), I was just mentioning one major factor why someone who is relatively poor could have a totally different opinion of Obamacare depending on the state he lives in.
Republican led states...
1. "[government/government program] doesn't work" 2. intentionally sabotage [government/government program] 3. repeat
Florida really needs to accept expansion. My family has needed insurance forever now. I need heart tests and I can only go to the er to make sure I'm not dying to meet my share of cost :(
Ive been fine in Florida with it but no major issue has happened yet
Fuck Rick Scott!
You mean governor Voldemort
Ugh. Vacationed there in July. I feel like Im still trying to get the stink off of me.
Pat McCrory is fucking a lot of people over while trying to be the Hurricane Matthew hero. We'll help you with your flooded house but fuck everyone who needs healthcare or wants to use the bathroom.
he spent a ton of disaster relief money on defending the bathroom bill so he isn't even doing the hurricane thing well
Hawaii, I guess I don't have a reference for anywhere else.
I've lived in a state with expanded Medicaid and one without, and to get comparable coverage in a state that didn't expand Medicaid you have to seriously cut into your budget or get a pretty crappy plan. So the biggest benefit in a state that didn't expand Medicaid is that you're actually eligible for coverage despite having some sickness, but you still either have to find a way to free up 1/10 to 1/4 of your income, or have family that can help you until you can increase your income. It's a damn shame because the more Republican states that refused to expand Medicaid are really hurting people to make sure Obamacare looks like a failure (and because they don't want people getting the idea that single payer or Medicaid-for-all is the obvious solution for something like healthcare that is a necessity), and "healthy" poor people are having to decide if having access to healthcare makes sense. A high deductible plan is hardly any use at all unless you end up facing a serious illness, and people end up making the wrong choice and assuming they probably won't get cancer or be hospitalized tomorrow. (whereas after the fact it would be pretty obvious that 5k or 10k in debt is still better than 300k in debt, but you can hardly even think about that if 100 dollars less per month means you can't make it to a job or buy enough food)
My mom had cancer and a heart attack. It didn't fail her either. I'm glad you're okay.
My mother's battled cancer twice in the last six years and it's kept my family from going under completely.
My brother's family is able to get insurance now because his wife has multiple pre-existing conditions (Crohns and MS) thanks to Obamacare. Thanks Obama!
My rates doubled and I didn't use it at all. But I am glad it's working for someone, especially your mither.
Shop around its super easy and you can possibly save money. Insurance companies have changed there policies so much. Yesterday my mom, in her 60's, had a rep from the insurance come to her home and do a basic 'checkup' instead of her going to the doctor for the same thing. It's not replacing a doctor visit but it was the same thing such as asking the basic questions on health and blood pressure. Insurance companies are still making huge profits but just not as much as before and they are doing little things like this to save money.
Are you in a state that didn't expand medicaid?
No, I have private insurance.
It is almost like insurance is not the best model for managing healthcare.
I'm hardly a Clinton fan, but that debate was like watching a college professor argue with a student who didn't study the reading material before getting up in front of the class to read a paper.
Yeah, but the professor is a total dick and the student has some decent points mixed in with the shitstorm of unfounded opinions.
So lets make the student the head of the department!
You know, the more I actually see Hillary debate and campaign, the more I like her. I didn't see any decent points come from the other side.
She still way too old school politician to me, but she's alright. Unlike total shitstorm republican candidate.
She's an old school politician in a world of old school politics. While I would like for there to be a massive shake up in regards to our politics it just isn't happening right now.
You have to hire someone to be the head of the department. Who will it be? Nobody else applied and it pays like shit so you can't get anyone else to do it.
Fair enough. Trust me, I totally agree that HRC needs to win. But that doesn't mean I have to be happy about it. I only hope that either the republicans get their act together (unlikely) or someone in the democratic party has the balls to challenge her in 4 years (also unlikely). It's like being told you're about to be set on fire or forcibly sodomized for 8 years. I mean, yeah, obviously I don't really want to be set on fire. And who knows, maybe I'll be convinced that the sodomy isn't so bad. But still.
How about letting her get in office, and then judging her based on how she does with the office before passing judgement on her 4 years before they even start.
...if they nail the prostate, that 8 years of awesomeness.
There's more than one flavor of sodomy. The odds are low.
Exactly! Thanks for the eloquence
Did you hear him talk about that gun control Supreme Court decision? He was literally only talking about points of him that were mentioned already like Justic Scalia. He clearly had never heard of it before and was just trying to act like he did.
Yeah: the only other thing he could say to it was "Hillary was furious." He repeated that like 5 times without saying what the decision itself ruled.
I'm a huge Clinton fan and I concur.
Jesus, you're making me re-live my first cold call in law school.
As a college student who's behind on the readings, I'd like to think I'm more coherent than that.
Yeah. As long as it's a course in your major you should at least have some, however vague, understanding of the material. I'm pretty sure Trump convinced me tonight that's not true for him.
I think it was like watching a high school debate between the smart girl who's the valedictorian and the jock who always sleeps through class and calls her a bitch because she studies and won't sleep with him. Yet he's got 40 percent of the students because he promises to shorten the school year and make all science and math classes pass/fail.
[deleted]
Thats your little arbitary frame. Unproofen incompetence is better and does less damage than corruption.
>Unproofen
Who let you guys out of your hole? Get back in there.
Proven racism and misogyny will do far more damage. Get real.
Oh shit I forgot its 2016 and every white heterosexual male is mysagonist when he talks about his privat sexual life in the back of a bus. Oh dont forget the muh racism because he called illegal law breaking group of mexicans noms that indicate other law breaking stuff. Hope I didnt get to real for you or harassed your save space my academic friend.
Ah yes because some people who care about social issues are extremists we can write off anyone who gives a fuck by talking about "safe spaces". And it totally justifies being a racist, misogynist, homophobe or whatever right? Ps learn to fucking spell
Dude he was doing a tv interview with a reporter from Access Hollywood  Edit: seriously how deluded can you get? This is Eric Cartman level of mental gymnastics.
This is exactly what they wanted. Clinton, who no one would ever vote for, asked her good friend Trump to run against her and make her electable and it worked.
The thing is though no one expected Trump to get the nomination. Trump shouldn't had gotten the nomination.
Except for everyone who voted for her in the 2008 primary? Or in this years primary?
And all the millions of people who voted for Trump over every other candidate in the Republican primary. how many were running 16?
NO YOU ^^^/s
I understand the hate for Hillary because conservatives have been trying to rip her down since she's been in politics. They have spent at least 25 years trying to find a way to build up hatred for everything she touches.
Exactly. If I'm looking at two resumes and one is the best resume I've ever seen and the other is a ham sandwich with his name stuck to it... It doesn't matter how much I like ham sandwich guy. It barely matters is the other guy kicked me right in the testicles.
>if your saying clinton is bad, trump on the scale would be three foot on the floor. ????
>if *you're* saying Clinton is bad, Trump on the scale would be three foot on the floor Yeah, it confused me too.
[deleted]
...so you mean three feet under the floor?
I'm a pretty big liberal that has been firmly in the Never Hillary camp since 2000 (I'm a big beliver that dynastic politics is a massive no-no). But fuck me with a splintered broomstick if I vote for Trump.
Bern or bust bruh!
Even Bernie isn't Bernie or bust.
Not supporting him is one thing, but will you help stop Trump? There's only one other candidate who can win.
Not liking Hillary is completely understandable but to not like her enough you vote for trump is like saying you hate taco bell so much you decide kill a panda. One isn't great but going the other way is a complete overreaction and stupid
* Bad Hombres * Incidition * Nasty woman
* Bigly
- swatches of land
Trump actually just refused to answer the question of whether he would accept the outcome of the election. Wow. That is without a shred of a doubt the most insane answer in American political history. Edit: Our democracy is under assault.
Oh yeah because questioning the outcome of votes when a recent video providing proof of Clinton allies committing and conspiring to voter fraud is just HORRIFYING.
Umm, he started challenging election results months (years, if we include 2012) before any of those videos came out. Additionally, those videos literally prove nothing and election fraud as a phenomenon of the American political process has been analyzed and debunked numerous times. That was literally someone with narcissistic personality disorder unwilling to accept defeat, possibly throwing America into a violent election night. If you don't recognize that as the most disqualifying and insane thing in the history of our democratic process, God help us all.
Obviously as the proof has shown, he's had reason to challenge election results. No where has it been debunked considering that the fresh video has undeniable truth. Although if you do have a credible non biased article that provides proof beyond a reasonable doubt I'd love to see it. It was literally someone who in light of new voter fraud evidence, said after the outcome of the election he will see if he supports it or not. As any normal person should considering the evidence.
As mentioned before, Trumps "election will be rigged if I lose" rhetoric started almost a month before the video you are describing. Trump is also infamous for saying that the 2012 election was rigged. Read it from the man yourself, 4 years ago: https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/266035509162303492 This man is an incredible dangerous lunatic.
What do you mean by saying that? Do you think the voter fraud only happened after the video came out? Clinton is known to be very shady, so even for the most close minded leftists the thought of Clinton commiting voting fraud is not out of the realm of possibilities. A trait of a good person/leader is the prediction of your opponent, and obviously based on what he said and with new evidence he did that very well. The only dangerous lunatic is Clinton with her obvious disregard for the law with her withholding of emails, voting fraud, shady deals, etc. Your claims of Trump being the dangerous lunatic are empty words with no back up. Also I'm still waiting for the proof of the debunking of the voter fraud that you said was released.
Trump has said that if he loses Penn it is only because the election is rigged, when he is down in the polls bigly. When Hillary wins Arizona it won't be because of election fraud it will be because Trump is a moronic clown.
He has a reason to think that too. If any person was running for president is against Clinton and didn't question the legitimacy of the outcome after the voting fraud proof against her then that person is a moron. Don't get me wrong if she wins it very well could be because that was the legitimate outcome of the vote, but because Clinton is a shady criminal there needs to be confirmation.
You're right our democracy is under assault [Part 1](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=5IuJGHuIkzY) and [Part 2](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=hDc8PVCvfKs)
> I'll keep you in suspense! Trump is treating this whole election as a reality show. He fucking doesn't care what happens to the people, the country, the families, the economy. He ONLY and ONLY cares about himself. He just doesn't fucking give a damn about anything! He'll burn the whole country down just to be President!
> burn this whole country down Littlehands.
Seriously. This sounds bite could be part of a cold open for the season finale of "Who wants to be a president"
He's Little Finger (just not as subtle and smart). And it works because the small hands thing.
This whole thing is a commercial for Trump TV.
So according to Trump - did Obama help latin americans/hispanics by providing amnesty or did he hurt them by deporting millions of them?
Obama's amnesty EO was shot down by the courts. He has, however, deported more illegals than any other president. So he has, net, been worse for illegals than any other president. The distinction of illegal is paramount to this discussion, and is often overlooked.
I saw that as being the end for him during the debate. It made no sense as something to even bring up.
Its the dirty secret of politics..... It can be both!
Porque no los dos? It depends on what's more convenient to his narrative at any given moment.
"The democrats are so weak, they won't deport, they refuse, they want open borders. Take Obama for instance; he deported millions of illegals."
There's some bad hombres!
And some, I assume, are good hombres.
Yeah, he doesn't actually have a coherent strategy.
Four general election debates and not one single question on climate change. No matter what side you're on, that should disturb you. The government is already spending millions relocating Alaskan families due to rising oceans and coal pollution is killing thousands every year. Whether or not you disagree with scientific consensus, the fact that such a humanity-defining question was never asked is disgusting.
There's fairly good evidence on where either side Dems and Repub stand on climate change. I agree it is important but I guess when you have a candidate who wants to violate the constitution by barring entrants based on religion, commit war crimes, and is an admitted sex offender, climate change just didnt make it on the ticket. But I have no doubt that if people care enough to vote democrat down the ballot, senators like Warren and Sanders will make sure we are on track with climate change.
The debates, but still.
Three, but still.
Dammit.
Holy shit you're right. Goddamnit, I can't believe it was never directly asked. WTF?
100% agreed I was so disappointed this wasn't brought up
Leo 2020
I really wish I could give you gold. So here's a yen sign ¥.
Here's the symbol for gold. 
Relax, Hillary's on it. That woman doesn't fuck around.
I would love a discussion on climate change butt we can't even have a reasonable discussion on the very fundamentals of our democracy such as the peaceful transfer of power
Yeah, but ... LOL did you just see what candidate 1 said about candidate 2 on Twitter!?!
Especially when the very issue of human caused climate change is getting equal footing with the climate change deniers. The debate should be what do about it (invest in clean energy to encourage competition and advance technology or regulate current industry to drive change. But we let politicians (the head of the science commitee) bring a snowball to the floor and say 'see it's still cold'.
Thank you! Also what about net neutrality?
I don't think that was brought up at any of the debates, primary or otherwise
Not asked. :-/
The only climate change related question in any of the three presidential debates was asked by Ken Bone, and the media cycle decided to focus on his red sweater, and that he likes jerking off to preggo porn. Things are looking grim.
It's disgusting, honestly. Climate change is definitively one of the top three issues facing this nation but nope. Not gonna question the people running for the highest office in the country about it.
If you want something promising on that front, Hillary's leaked Wall Street speeches mentioned climate change a lot.
At least Hillary mentioned Green energy, but that's about all we got.
"Clean coal." Does that count?
How is this a thing?
I think she also attacked Trump in the second debate for being a climate denier.
She did, she pretty much quoted his "climate change is a hoax by the Chinese" tweet verbatim, and he of course denied it *even though the tweet is still up*.
He'd have to go all the way back to *2012* to delete it though! Do you have the time or the energy for that? /s
Any one on his staff could do that. He wants to keep it up because he know people believe it.
Maybe I'm the one on bizarro world, but Trump got destroyed. Yet i see all the trump won or didnt do bad comments. wtf.
Trump got destroyed in the first debate. In this one however, he completely destroyed Hillary. You could see her anger when Russia was the topic
i think the only debate trump "won" was the 2nd one.
It's like a 16th seed losing 82-62 against the top seed. They "won" in the sense of not getting blown out by as much as everyone expected.
he's managed to set the bar so low with his previous terrible debate performances, that it was almost impossible for him not to clear it. The problem for him was that, despite Hillary obviously pivoting a few times, she still easily had her best debate, mostly because of the conservative slant to the proceedings. Basically, she got her chance to speak directly to the timid conservatives that dislike Trump, and make her case as not being the hyped up boogie man infowars tries to make her out to be - and for the most part, I felt like she succeeded.
The bar was so low, that as long as he didn't say the n-word, call Hillary a bitch, or start throwing feces like a chimp, his supporters will say he did well.
Mostly because he landed effective, pointed attacks. However, HRC landed plenty of hard blows herself and managed to parry some of his more outrageous statements. As such, I think she comes out ahead even if the debate were a tie. All of that said, she wins by a mile if you care about facts vs. lies instead of just the optics of the night.
Look at their comment history and your bound to find a post in the Donald lol, nothing new.
Give it another hour and they'll be linking to all the online polls they brigaded to "prove" that they won.
he "won" in the same way where you have two dogs and one can constantly sit on command and do other tricks and the other licks his ass every 10 seconds and doesn't do anything. This one time you go "dog, please sit" and it lays down... you are more excited than you have ever been in your entire life "GOOD BOY, YOU ALMOST DID IT, SUCH A GOOD BOY!". The other dog is over there going "but... I just flushed my own poop down the toilet... where is my screaming 'good boy'?!"
Clinton swept him.
"Such a nasty woman." "I didn't apologize to my wife." "No one respects women more than me." *audience laughs* Trump destroyed himself.
Hillary was amazingly solid all throughout the debate. She did destroy Trump on several occasions.
Trump did get destroyed. Every debate Trump Supporters think he won and then he loses even more ground. He is losing Arizona.
Utah is now a swing state. As a Utahn that blows my mind.
He is losing Bigly folks
He's almost losing *fucking Georgia!*
He has a margin of error lead in Texas. Texas. That's not a good sign. (He'll likely win Texas, but he's cutting it way too close).
That is like the kitchen sink is taking a disliking to water....
Hey, I voted for Hilary after work today. I live in a very rural county north of atlanta so all I see are trump signs, but I did my part.
I live in Rome, GA and I don't know anyone under 40 who's voting Trump.
I live in Forsyth county, in the Cumming/Gainesville area. Not exactly liberal lol
People who are willing to think for themselves and vote against what is popular in their community are more respectable than those who follow the herd for its own sake, regardless of what side they have chosen. Good for you.
Thanks!
Thanks for voting!
Fox News is calling Chris Wallace the winner of the debate... since the GOP nominee clearly didn't win, and they can't declare the other side a winner.
They aren't wrong
He did a really good job I thought.
To be fair, he did a reasonably good job moderating.
Wallace was solid tonight, coming from a democrat.
Thank god people are finally outraged about Trumps refusal to concede in the event of his loss. In a historically repugnant campaign, this is the worst by far.
Yes, I have been pissed about this for a while. Good to see the media is getting upset too.
Three debates, no climate change questions deemed important enough to be asked. The world is fucked.
It just reinforces the point that down ballot elections matter. If the presidential nominees don't discuss the issue, make sure the ones we send to Congress do. That also applies to state government.
Too bad both candidates and the moderator will be long gone by the time we have to face consequences and diE
At least she mentioned it, albeit briefly.
To be fair, the world is kind of already too fucked to stop it. We can only slow it, but it seems like we're not in a position to do that anytime soon, either.
Nonsense.
Great rebuttal. Your sources and logical arguments have me on the fence now.
Okay, I'll do my best to actually try to rebut you since he didn't. Yes, it looks pretty bleak, and with our current understanding of things we are starting to slide down that old slippery slope. Our capacity for innovation, however, is what has led us to be the dominant species on the planet. If 20 years ago I'd told you that in my lifetime, I'd have access to the sum whole of human knowledge in a device that fits in my pocket and can be accessed by voice alone, you'd think I was insane. The pace technology is accelerating at is insane, and a lot of that new technology increasing the rate of that acceleration. Are we in a bad place? Yeah. If we continue in a straight line the direction we're going, are we fucked? Yeah. Do we have the potential to reverse our fucked path with technology that we don't currently possess, but could practically access before we're irreparably fucked? I think we do, but that may just be optimism. tl;dr: Shit don't look too good, but I don't think we're fucked beyond saving.
Well obviously fox wasnt going to ask about it.
Hillary does at least mention it unprovoked. It comes from an economic standpoint, but that is the only way you will get people talking about it in the US right now. Take the victories where you can get them.
There was one at the end of the second debate IIRC
Ken "Gives me the Ken Boner" Bone
It was about energy policy but not climate change in specific.
Didnt they try to get them talking about it by bringing up trumps crazy claim that its a chinese conspiracy, but rather then address the statement he just denied saying it(even though its still on twitter) and then they just moved on.
Oh yeah that's right. Definitely wish a moderator would've mentioned that Trump has claimed that climate change is a hoax.
or that he attacked the EPA in the second debate. Debates really let me down in the realm of climate change and protecting LGBT rights.
Well, he denied it when Clinton brought it up.
She could say "My opponent's name is Donald Trump." and be answered with "Wrong."
Don't fret too much, It's sure to be a hot button issue in the 2024 election cycle when half of Manhattan is underwater!
It's funny because it's true.
Not trying to downplay climate change, [but it won't be even close to that bad by 2024.](http://assets.nydailynews.com/polopoly_fs/1.2119488.1424232520!/img/httpImage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/article_750/climate18n-2-web.jpg)
depends on our course of action
Well one candidate wants to focus on clean energy and one thinks climate change is a Chinese conspiracy.
Clinton brought it up I think about 4 or 5 times total, but yeah disappointing that it wasnt a question.
Sad. Very sad.
What is there to debate about climate change? The US and China already agreed to ratify the Paris Agreement. No political is crazy enough to try to undo one of the most important and significant agreements made in the past two hundred years.
Might inspire some sweet doomsday movies though.
I see bigly what you did there.
How does a 70 year old man not know that "bigly" is not a word but my 5 year old cousin does?
Hillary mentioned the issue in the second debate and sounded decent on the issue with what she managed to slip in there.
At least Hillary brought it up a couple times.
Chinese steel
The saddest line is when Hillary actually had to state "I believe in science" in a presidential debate.
In a rather cursory fashion. She brought it up, deemed it a serious issue, then continued on with her main point. This is the fault ok the debate here. This *needed* to be addressed.
The debate commission is made up of both major parties. Guess who kept it off the table?
I think it's a demographics issue. People who are concerned with climate change won't vote for Trump anyway, neither candidate has anything to gain by bringing it up. Doesn't mean it won't be acted on during an eventual presidency.
[removed]
Well that's a bunch of baloney
In what capacity do you do in the field?
Sadly it will probably be cap and trade which is probably more complicated and less effective then a carbon tax but that apparently polls really bad. If Dems win the Senate, remove the filibuster, and win the house we will get cap n trade, immigration reform, and a public option for Obamacare. If they don't get rid of the filibuster we might or might not get immigration reform depending on how the inter party squabbling amoung Republicans goes but probably not the public option or cap n trade. If they don't lose the house well probably get none of it. The Democratic party should really move a large chunk from Senate/Presidenct campaign to house campaigns(as legally allowed).
Then why talk about abortion? I felt like they spent a lot of time on that. Trump said no, Hillary said yes. She gave a nuanced response going further into his views, and he rambled on like a furby. No matter what they said the abortion issue is pretty cut and dry. Who is on the fence about that?
The issue is pretty hotly contended and with the Supreme Court on the line a huge issue. There are alot of people who are middle of the road on the issue so there were gains to be made by either side.
I am. On one hand, it's killing babies. But on the other hand, you're giving women rights... ^^^^/s
I mean, she's supposed to at least try to stick with the subject. She said multiple times that she's going to take steps toward preventing climate change and she said multiple times that Trump doesn't believe in it. What else can she do?
Right -- this and /u/Hjeltepojk's comment on it being an issue with voter demographics. Given that Trump clearly doesn't give a single fuck about climate change (since global warming is a Chinese hoax and all), I don't think there are many undecided voters that care a lot about climate change.
Yea, if you genuinely care about climate change there's no debate. Vote Clinton.
She's a big proponent of alternate energy solutions. Donald Trump and the GOP are for coal, oil, and gas. Reagan even took solar panels off the White House when he became president just to make a statement. The choice is obvious.
Key take away points from the debate. Trump refused to take a stance on peaceful democratic transition. By far the most disqualifying thing he's ever done. Trump did nothing to help himself with women voters, if anything I think most women would be even more disgusted if that's possible.
Trump: I didn't even apologize to my wife.
He didn't apologize to his wife for the alleged accusations in the last week, which he claims are all false. No need to apologize for something he says he didn't do. Not the access Hollywood dilemma which he says he did apologize for. It worries me that people like you are quick to reach a conclusion and let bias cloud your judgement.
Uh, yeah, I watched the debate and I know exactly what he was talking about: the accusations of sexual assault from ten separate women, who, bear in mind, accuse him of doing things *he is on tape saying he does* (grab them by the pussy, just kiss--I don't even wait). After denying all the allegations, saying the women in question aren't even attractive enough to sexually assault, and bringing forth a supposed witness to the non-assault who is in fact a serial liar, the fact that Trump did not even apologize to his wife is really telling. Because we know who this guy is. Too bad about the 19th amendment, really, because Trump is fucked.
Woman here, no it's just not possible to be more disgusted by him.
Props to Chris Wallace, this was by far the best debate out of the 3. The other 2 were absolute shit shows compared to this one. Not one question on climate change was very saddening.
Kellyanne just fleed the spin room
Is there a clip of this?
Here you go https://twitter.com/cnn/status/788939169808646144
What was the question? I don't have sound.
The reporter kept pressing her on accepting the result of the election
Wow. That hobgoblin is in denial.
Doing what she can lol
I like how he called her a "nasty woman" like he was in the front row of the *Maury* show.
You said "I will make America great again. Lie detector tests determine.............That was a lie."
reading that in hillary voice makes it better
But nobody respects women more than him..
*the* african americans *the* latinos
The Chican@
Serious question because I'm not a native English speaker, why is that a bad way of saying African Americans? What's the underlying suggestion?
its pretty much differing himself from them, by individualizing them compared to himself pretty much. Idk the exact grammar rule thought but thats the meaning
Thank you. I know Trump's been saying that for years but never knew why it was a bad way of saying it. It's such a Trump thing to say lol
With the history of race relations we have in this country (namely that they've been fucking awful), the terms we use to refer to each other have been a touchy and sometimes subtle subject. There's a big difference between saying "black people" or saying "the blacks".
One way speaks of a group. The other speaks of people within a group. More specifically, it identifies the group as only a **part** of who they are. The latter is more respectful. In most cases it wouldn't matter, but for people that have a history of being unfairly viewed as being entirely defined by their group in negative ways, it is a very touch subject.
He also said *the* NATO at one point
>North Atlantic Treaty Organization "The" is appropriate.
You forgot ombré
That was his most Alec Baldwin moment of the night.
As if they are all the same to him.
They're living in hell, folks. No education, no jobs. And let me tell you. Tremendous people. Believe me, I've been to see the latinos. They are going to support us on election day bigly.
If he's elected I'm sure he will speak directly to them on the State of the Union address beginning with "you people..."
I wonder what he'll do about THE jews
I'm sure he has a... *solution*
Would you say it's final?
Hey, you're supposed to say (((*the* international bankers))), so it's subtle.
Or (((*the globalists*)))
The Judeo-Bolshevik Asiatic hordes, you mean.
This is something that people really need to recognize. He didn't say African Americans or Latinos. He said "the". It solidifies what he feels about minorities.
...what is disrespectful about this?
[deleted]
I really don't understand this narrative of "he knows how to make money," people who claim this should do a little research. He was given a ton of money from his father and squandered massive amounts of it on total failures: http://www.newsweek.com/2016/08/12/donald-trumps-business-failures-election-2016-486091.html If he had invested his money in simple index funds, he would be three times as rich as if he launched fraudulent businesses and dodged taxes: http://usuncut.com/politics/robert-reich-how-to-school-a-trump-supporter/ Also why does anyone think that his ability to remain a very rich man will affect them positively as everyday Americans? Can anyone explain that thought to me?
[deleted]
> We can agree on these facts yes? No, because he didn't start with a loan of a million. That was just the first of many loans, including his father illegally buying $3.5 million worth of casino chips to keep Donald's casino from failing. Not to mention all his business contacts were his father's friends and associates and that his father underwrote all his early projects. Let's not forget inheriting his father's $200+ million real estate empire in a city whose real estate market went through the roof.
But he started from the bottom. Also do we even know if he is actually worth billions?
It might sound a bit pedantic (but hey, political correctness exists in politics for a reason, a politician needs to understand how to be diplomatic and not needlessly piss people off), but it's dehumanizing. It comes off less like you see them as fellow human beings, and more as you see them as some monolithic group of others. There's deeper analyses of this but that's the gist of the issue. It's more clear when he used to say "the blacks" until someone got it through his head it was at least somewhat better to say "African-Americans", but the fact that he still says "the" is still a problem (arguably more so than saying AA instead of black, I don't think much black people care if you say black and in fact especially outside of America that's pretty much the preferred nomenclature), it's just a bit easier to miss now.
As I am not a black person, I cannot attest to this, but from what I've heard from others: it's okay to call black people black, but not to reference them as a group as "the blacks," for the reasons you've stated. I know there's a few select situations where a black person may not want to be called African American, as they may have no African heritage (I knew a Haitian-American who had this reasoning).
As a Latino that simple "the" is so bizarrely dehumanizing. As if he views himself as so fundamentally detached from us that he can't even form a sentence that doesn't imply he views us as "others".
[Relevant article](http://www.businessinsider.com/donald-trump-the-blacks-the-gays-2016-10)
You mean THE minorities
His base aka whites it's **US** minorities it's **THEY/THEM**
Hillary won this. No question about it. Her answers were substantive and had some thought behind them even if you disagreed with them. Meanwhile, Trump came out looking well and then melted down. He tried his "no one respects women more than me" and the audience laughed at him. Then he followed up with "such a nasty woman" comment that just shot himself in the head with that.
Respecting women in general is different than respecting a particular woman's behavior.
Agreed. But Trump did not win any votes tonight. He inflamed his base even more but he didn't win any votes. He likely lost them.
Not even the foot. Straight in the head
> Hillary won this. No question about it. Tell that to /r/the_deplorables
I think if Trump had spent the entire 90 mins the way he did the first 30 you might be able to argue he won it. You just can't the way he ended it. "What a nasty woman" is going to haunt him. I guarantee it.
Don't forget 'YOU'RE A PUPPET!'. That's a child's response.
I know you are but what am I?
*sniff*
Even Anderson was asking why he burns out after 40 mins. Hmmmm
Blood and brains spattered across the podium!
Brains? Hardly. ;-)
My cousin (Trump supporter) made a FB status that said: "Rovey Wade? Jeez, it's Roe vs. Wade." He was trying to accuse Hillary of not saying the court case correctly.. except she was saying "Roe v. Wade", which is perfectly acceptable. That's what Trump supporters have left.
Don't forget her lack of a flag pin!
I shit you not, that was a comment to his status. BTDubs, I love your username.
Honestly even if you didn't put the trump supporter disclaimer i'm sure that facebook post alone paints a picture of who your cousin support :/
"John Hancock? It's ***Herbie*** Hancock!"
disown your cousin. i'll be your new cousin.
Let's go bowling!
That's embarrassing. I'd feel ashamed to have such a friend.
He's my cousin.
Ouch. Has he always been an idiot or did he really just blossom this past year?
Honestly, I never knew him to be like this. Nor the other members of my family who are for Trump. It's a bummer.
You can pick your friends, you can pick your nose, you can pick your friend's nose. You can't pick family.
[I understood that reference](http://i.imgur.com/0DzhW.gif)
That's cringe inducing stupidity right there. It's not like she was a lawyer or anything, right
It depresses me more than anything, especially because to respond would cause me to be villified. God forbid I present facts.
Sorry about your cousin..
Law student here: lawyers never pronounce "versus." It's always just "vee."
Kids turned "vs" (which is "versus") into "verse"
(UK here) I always got a real dressing down at law school if I pronounced it 'vee' - we always write 'v' and say 'and'. I.e R v Brown would be pronounced R and Brown. How odd.
Super court justice nominee here: I concur.
Super hero here: I agree
Lawyer here. This is correct.
Yes, most of us know that. The person OP mentioned is either stupid or playing dumb to feel smart.
It's easier that way, and seeing how Hillary has a law degree, it makes sense she'd say it. It's just exasperating to see arguments like this from my own family.
Law degree or not I've literally never heard it pronounced anything else.
He can tell his cousin it's like Batman v Superman. Maybe he'll get the reference.
I'm actually a "nasty woman", haha.
I don't think I have ever heard "Roe versus Wade." It's always just Vee. I'm sorry for your cousin.
Me, too. And he's not the only one. I've actually hid him and two other family members on FB because I just can't anymore. And there's no discussion to be had with them.
I can't believe Trump felt the need to say "Such a nasty woman" while she was talking. Biggest mistake of the debate in my opinion.
But he has the best character! /S
I wasn't sure I heard it right the first time he said it. So presidential!
Did he say it more than once? Wow.
Besides saying on national TV that he wouldn't accept our countries electoral process??
I personally think his refusal to say if he'd accept that election results was the biggest mistake, but calling her a nasty woman at that point pretty much sums up his character.
That was a HUGE error.
That was an error. BIGLY
The man doesn't have the world's greatest impulse control.
Bigly
Does he really say bigly or is it "big league"?
Probably big league. But bigly is funnier.
Yeah, he lost a lot of voters because of that I'm sure.
Why, do you think it's not true?
Well, I support the democratic party, so obviously I want Hillary to win, I don't "support" her, but I want her to win. Do I think she's a "nasty" woman? No. I think she is incompetent technologically, and she's a little too cozy with some shady organizations and big banks, but she does at least give to charities. Trump on the other hand does not give to charities, or at least we can't prove he has. The main point is, we shouldn't be calling your opponent "nasty" during a discussion over policy, especially when you're interrupting the other person to say it.
Do you not understand why calling Clinton a "nasty woman" on live television *after being eviscerated by her about his disgusting treatment of women* is a really bad thing? Are you that thick? He has shown a repeated pattern of deep disrespect for women. there's this saying, that actions speak louder than words. He says again and again that he respects women so much, noone else does like him, yet then he does shit like this. The man is a fucking predator, he has shown that he does not in fact respect women, and he doesn't care that people see it. He's an asshole, plain and simple.
I didn't think she eviscerated anyone, I feel like claims that existed prior to the election about her harassing people that claimed to be victims of Bill are far more credible than any claims against trump that have arisen in such a specifically questionable time period. She's a nasty piece of work and I think you underestimate the voting public if you think they aren't away of that.
The only way he could lose his die hard voters at this point would be if he strangled a puppy on air but even then I wouldn't be sure.
Eh, if they're still on board after all that's happened with Trump, I feel that won't phase them too much.
I don't think he had them to begin with, to be honest
If he hasn't already lost them with all the horrible stuff he has said, and THAT was the straw that broke the camels back, then those are some stupid voters.
> Yeah, he lost a lot of voters because of that I'm sure. Yeah, I'm totally sure that after all of the things Trump has done, that was the straw that broke the camel's back...
The lunatics that do support him will love that shit.
He lost independents (something he needs desperately). But I'm sure his base loved it.
He hasn't lost any voters. Everything he's been doing since pussygate is to get people to just not vote for Hillary. His supporters are going nowhere, unfortunately.
At least we will know the absolute floor of the GOP. After this election we will know just how many people will never, ever vote for anything but the GOP.
He has, he has been constantly losing ground in polls as Republicans who were going to vote Trump against Hillary find him harder and harder to support.
He certainly lost voters with that comment. But, not from his base; however, this isn't the primary, it's the general. And it's about getting those independents and undecided voters in the general.
> pussygate Ethics in pussy journalism?
He certainly lost potential/undecided votes.
We were watching the debate at work, I work at a hotel, and a girl I work with starting telling a hotel guest that Hillary is the worst thing ever and that in her opinion women shouldn't be president. What the fuck. She seems so nice and that flies out of her mouth. He isn't losing too many votes, the people on his side don't care as long as its not Hillary.
Politics bring out the absolute worst in people. If you ever want to figure out what someone truly believes and stands for, you'll ask them what party they support.
For sure man, don't even know if its better to know or not. Ignorance is bliss and all.
Why in the world are employees discussing politics with guests?
Guest started asking haha.
If he's going to win, he needs to win over undecided voters, not further secure his base.
His base was secured 6 months ago, his whole general election campaign was misguided. He was supposed to show undecided voters that he wasn't a loony to have a shot but instead he decided to keep being the hype man of the crazy wing of the right. His campaign's approach to the general election was pretty much the same as the one they ran in the primary, big rookie mistake. "If it ain't broke, don't fix it" doesn't apply to a presidential campaign.
Actually this might be good for Trump. If this debate performance drops his polling numbers even more, it's possible that on Election Day, many Clinton supporters, thinking Hillary will win by double-digits, won't come out to vote, giving Trump the low turnout he needs to win
As far as I know, the possibility of a landslide actually driven turnout up in the past - people want to be part of it.
Plus, the main message of the Clinton campaign right now seems to be, "don't get complacent, go and vote."
I don't think he's trying to win at this point, just consolidate the cult of personality around him.
When was he trying to win? When he said he could shoot his supporters, when he called Mexicans rapists? This was all a year ago. He has been throwing this election for a long time.
Brilliant
Doubt it. A lot of trump voters feverishly hate Hillary, and they pride themselves and their hero of "saying it like it is". Hopefully it might have steered some of the undecided voters away from him
True. Trump will probably loop it and jerk off /finger themselves to this.
That's what I meant, the undecided voters. His supporters obviously love his little "zingers"
This debates needed to be about him trying to win back the supporters he lost to the tapes. He justified their desertion.
There was a *lot* of mistakes in there. That one made me dislike him, but the thing about accepting the election results? That's fucking terrifying. He's advocating another civil war.
I agree that was a blunder, but the biggest mistake IMO was doubling down on not necessarily accepting the results if the election.
The bar is set so low I'm actually positively surprised he didn't call her a bitch.
I think he was about to at one point.
There was one part of the debate where he pointed at her and said "that person," but you could absolutely tell he managed to hold himself back from a bitch.
You *know* he wanted to, though.
When he paused in one exchange and said "that woman" I'm pretty sure it almost slipped
I'm pretty sure he almost did in one exchange
He also didn't say Bill...should we crown him the debate champ for all of time?
He was being "PC"
he said bitch though?
And I said, "biiiiiiiii--nasty woman"
If you wanna go to Taylor's, tell a brother you want to go to Taylor's!
All of the shit that he says that's embarrassing to us just fires up his stupid as fuck base.
Yep. Apparently throwing grade-school insults makes someone a god emperor and fit to lead a global superpower.
I mean, he called her a bitch in his head. "Nasty woman" is what we got when his emergency filter kicked in.
Imagine if he did cal her a bitch. I wonder how that would play out.
Since when does Trump have an emergency filter?
His filter kind of failed a little later when he was blaming the Mosul planning on her and realised about mid sentence that she wasn't Secretary of State at the time.
Actually I don't think so. To him, "woman" is the worst insult he could throw at someone. You could call a man a bitch as an insult too, but to call someone a woman is, to him, the worst possible thing there is.
This. His misogyny is so deep he thinks he's insulting her and getting under her skin by calling her a woman. He doesn't even understand why it doesn't work or how foolish it makes him.
Emergency filter? There's no way he has a filter.
His emergency filter is a Great Value paper towel
Insult to Great Value... not that I support their brand but damn, are they that bad?
Eh...it depends on what you use them for. If you use a bunch of them at once, they'll do the job
So if you're heating precooked bacon or sausage in the microwave, they have just the perfect lack of absorbancy so that the outside browns from the searing fat, but they're not swimming in it.
He must have had that put in just before coming out on stage.
That "nasty woman" comment will go down in history as very quotable line.
Yeah it will. I don't think you can come up with a better name that describes Hillary so perfectly.
That may be. But it doesn't work well and certainly very unprofessional let alone what one would expect out of a POTUS.
"President", I think
Still not as good as "Wrong."
Really going to hurt him even more with women. Should have said person.
"nasty woman" and "I'll keep you in suspense".
It really cements the idea of him being a sexist
The crowd gasping said it all.
Yep. As one of the most shameful events in general election history.
Hollywood couldn't have invented a more fitting opponent for the first female president.
It wouldn't have worked, seems too contrived.
Well i think that two things are going to come out of this: the "i'll keep you in suspense" over accepting the results of election day and the nasty woman comment. I think it's over by him, this was his last chance but he couldn't keep it together
Hillary is a nasty woman. Nobody disputes this.
Nasty in the way your dick berates you for going too hard in the paint.
"I'll keep you in suspense" I won't hold my fucking breath
Trump was fine until about the 25th minute when Hillary started subtly goading him. The story of the 3 debates is that Hillary prepared and Donald didn't.
Hilldog's drugs have more stamina than the Donald's not very good, nasty drugs.
I'm pretty sure Hillary gets her high from dry oatmeal with no sugar.
Basically the moment she said he choked in Mexico he went off.
it all went downhill for him after he was called a puppet of Putin
No, no, you're the puppet. You're the puppet!
Wrong!
The story of this whole campaign seems to be that she's a professional and he's an amateur
They say you can only charm people for about 15 minutes or so knowing nothing. After that you need some substance. That sums up Trump.
The story of the 3 debates is that Hillary is qualified to be president, trump isn't Protip for 2020: *Time release drugs*
Also Trump took the bait every single time. He is so easy to bait
Anyone else excited about Trump's impending Twitter shit-rant and whining?
It's going to be awesome when he loses he's going to complain so much.
I just can't wait for all of the press he's going to do when he loses. As an American, I'm voting for Hillary. As a huge fan of comedy, I'm still voting for Hillary but I'm ecstatic about Trump's future in the media.
Yes I couldn't have phrased it better than this!
Crack out the wine!
Too late. All three bottles are gone
By the end of election night, I may be reduced to box wine. I like to call it cardboardeaux.
He's already posted a tweet where he says he made all the points he wanted to. All anyone's going to remember tomorrow is "nasty woman" and that he's not sure if he'll accept the results of the election.
"Nasty woman" Wow this will be a headline somewhere.
Everywhere
It'll be a Clinton ad tomorrow.
No 'stay tuned' is the headline
Can we get a Janet Jackson cover in place of nasty boys
I'm sure it was nasty woman, sometimes grammar is important.
Thanks - edited.
> this will be a headline somewhere This will be a headline *everywhere*.
That one was good, but I laughed a lot more at: "You can't" (in reference to translating his insanity. I mean, he was right, you can't.) And then the Emmy thing "should've won it" OMG WHO ARE YOU. I'm sure they already know, but holy shit the GOP should be so fucking embarrassed. He tried to hold it together more than usual, but that bar was low, and he rolled right under it after the first question.
He interjected "such a nasty woman", and followed up with "your husband disagrees with you". From a man who tells her she should be in jail, should not even be allowed to run for president, and says nobody respects women more than me. Yikes.
Maybe that was him realizing he's running against Hillary Clinton, not Bill Clinton
I honestly have no clue what would possess him to think it would be a good idea to say that.
"Nobody respects nasty women more than me"
All you nasty girls. Nasty.
- That one eastern European porn guy probably.
Pavel Novotny?
Sure?
"I show them respect by grabbing them by the pussy, they like that"
In fact they're tremendous
[deleted]
Here we go with the liberal bias. He was clearly only referring to Hilary as a nasty woman, not all women. He loves women. /s
You can respect woman and have a disliking for a woman. The statements are not at odds at all. Not commenting on whether Trump actually respects woman.
Hilary is a robot not a woman
He tells it like it is folks. In his head, that is.
"Nobody respects women more than me." "I moved on her like a bitch". "Grab them by the pussy". --Donald Trump.
I love his hyperboles. NO ONE respects women more than Trump. There's literally no other person in the world that treats women with more respect than Trump.
This sums up trump the most succinctly. He can't even stay consistent within the same debate.
you can't prove he said that.....LOL
*leans into mic* Wrong.
Baldwin Wrong, or original wrong? Also, was there a sniffle first?
Bold strategy Donny.
"He's a nasty guy." —Donald Trump He often said that about Cruz. Does that mean he doesn't respect men?
He wasn't trying to say he respects women, it was a threat. He was saying nobody is allowed to respect women more than they respect him
I mean, he's not wrong. She is a nasty women.
You heard it here first folks. That's a fart whistle from the bloated corpse of Trump's campaign. It's all downhillary from here.
Isn't there a difference between not respecting one women and not respecting all women? Before Clinton won the nomination pretty much everyone on here thought she was terrible.
Why would disliking one woman mean someone hates women in general? That's such a strange line of reasoning. Why is it that somehow a single woman is representative of their entire gender, but a man is not?
Because her gender is irrelevant in that sentence. If you say "Such a nasty X", X being someone's gender/sexual orientation/age/religion etc. it sounds kinda like you are prejudiced against X. You wouldn't disagree that "such a nasty Jew" sounds anti-semitic, right?
Sure, but why is saying "such a nasty man" not a slur against men, but saying "such a nasty woman" is a slur against women?
So if I say "you're such a shitty guy" or "the guys an asshole" am I speaking about men as a whole? No I'm not. Because the claim you just tried to make is fucking stupid.
He pretty much called her a bitch on TV. BINGO!
So woman can't be criticized?
Nope. If you even remotely criticize a woman, you're simply an ignorant, sexist pig. It couldn't possibly just be the fact that that particular woman happens to be an asshole or anything. Obviously it was just that he hates woman. /s edit: You guys are bloodthirsty as fuck. You are the same people who claim Donald supporters will defend him to the death, right? Irony is also a bitch.
To be fair, I only downvoted you because you complained about it.
If that's your prerogative, go right ahead.
it wasn't a critique tho, he did that plenty of times in the debate without issue. The "nasty woman" comment was a straight up personal insult and that's not acceptable from a presidential candidate.
Said as though she has never insulted him. lol Just because he doesn't use the political-filter when insulting someone, doesn't make him any more guilty of doing it than the other.
You know the one place a POLITICal filter may be useful? POLITICS!
Sign me up for more of the same. /s
On policy, sure. But that would require Trump to have even the most rudimentary understanding of policies.
Of course they can be. If you are trying to prove you have the temperament and gravitas to be President you should maybe consider not calling her ~~a bitch~~ 'such a nasty woman' as your means of doing so, however. Or maybe that's just me! Seriously though, I just wanted to make a "Bingo!" joke.
That's not what he said, and you know it.
[removed]
I don't really give a shit about you or me or the person I responded to calling Hillary Clinton a bitch. Here, I'll do it, too. Hillary Clinton is a motherfucking bitch. Quote it. But, when someone is running for president, for the highest office in the land, perhaps even the world, I expect a certain amount of decency from that person. Why? Because they represent me. Or at least they're supposed to. So that dictates that perhaps a nominee should not be "nicely" calling his opponent A BITCH on TV. Romney or McCain could have "nicely" called Obama (or vice versa) an asshole on nationa (global) TV and it would still be fucked up. Kerry or Bush and Bush or Gore could've said the same about each other, and it would still be JUST AS FUCKED UP.
So because he doesn't use political white-wash to insult someone, it's suddenly worse? Guess I can't argue with that logic (or lack thereof).
It's about being dignified and respectable.
Neither of the candidates possess even the slightest shred of either of those qualities, so I fail to see how that's relevant.
Well, only one of them doesn't use "political white wash", as you admitted, so yes Clinton would be a dignified and respectable leader of our nation.
> She acted like a bitch By detailing her policies and saying he doesn't pay his taxes? Total bitch
Lets break it down. "i find ways to cheat the system, but its not my fault because crooked hillary didnt make laws to stop me." - donny "I have plans to tax the ultra rich in order to save medicare and social security, although donald may find ways to avoid it" - hillary "shes such a nasty woman" -donald She was not acting like a bitch at all. She was reflecting trump to himself, and he did not like what he heard so he lashed out. Not a good look for him, and hillary was in no way out of line.
That's a hell of a strawman. He didn't criticize her. He insulted her.
They can, it's just bad optics. You'd think someone losing as bad as he is with women would be conscious of saying things like that. It just shows how easy it is to bait him, he has zero self control.
There is a big difference between criticizing and insulting. This was an insult, plain and simple. It was just a nasty attack.
Criticizing and insulting are two different things.
I mean he insulted her for her not for being a woman.
Someone is probably giving him credit for not calling her a bitch.
"Nobody respects women more than me." "I didn't even apologize to my wife." —Donald Trump
'But I am pro-life'.
"...because nothing happened"
So Bill Clinton didn't come up in the end, even with all of Trump's guests (wtf was with that. no one even paid attention to the press conference) But if it did, this would have been in contrast to that
He was too busy trying to bury himself alive to bring up Bill Clinton.
Even though his wife said on TV that he did apologize to her....
This shit is so *frustrating!*
I think apologized to her for his comments on the bus, and in the debate he was saying he didn't apologize about assaults he claims are made up.
> "Nobody respects women more than me." I loved the audience laughing during that
Regardless of who you agree with, and how you think the candidates performed, I'm confident people will actually walk away from this 3rd debate with by far a better understanding of where these candidates stand on substantive issues than the first 2 debates combined.
I agree. I would say both candidates made mistakes but overall they conveyed what they are going for. Still makes me sad though. Oddly enough I am pretty certain that a better republican candidate could easily run circles around Clinton. Mind you I think the same could be said about the democratic candidate.
Yeah, outside of a couple questions they actually talked about stuff. When they stayed on topic anyway. Still no climate change discussion though.
agreed. we actually got to the points here, rather than Donald throwing hissy-fits
Hillary had substance in the first two, IMO. We knew where she stood after debate 1.
I hope so but I just saw a group of undecideds in Ohio from MSNBC and half were still undecided. Jesus man.
I wanted to think that, until I saw the interview (ABC I think) in the room full of undecided voters. Some *still* said they couldn't decide, and one went to Trump because "he understands the issues." One of the toughest unspoken problems with a democratic system is the fact that very simple-minded people, who can't understand what they hear, are given a vote. One of the most politically incorrect things you can say is that some people are too dumb to be allowed to make such big decisions as voting for leadership, but look what demagoguery and the votes of low information people have given us.
Wallace did a great job of cat-herding.
I actually agree. The 1st thirty minutes was actually watchable and felt like a real debate. After the Mexico quip, it went downhill for Trump nearly most of the time with a barely a handful of hiccups from Clinton. Even if Trump did better than the 1st two debates, I doubt he convinced any independents/moderates to his side.
Agreed. Chris actually tried to ask some real questions, and there was SOME actual discussion of the issues.
On behalf of all Independents, and reasonable Republicans, and liberal Democrats, and everyone else, thank you Chris Wallace for laying down the law and asking good questions.
All that was missing was a mute button at his disposal.
I'd have him back again as a moderator.
Damn straight. I honestly think he defined the role going forward.
Trump: "If you vote for Hillary Clinton you'll get 4 more years of Obama" Sounds good to me
Obama has a pretty good approval rating. I'm not sure why the donald thought saying that was a good idea.
It was said for the people who actually pay attention to politics and not approval ratings. Y'know those little things called, politics? Where presidents are supposed to do certain things during their term? I guess you're for state propaganda, criminalization of real journalism, and heavy punishment for whistleblowers, use of drone warfare both abroad and in your backyard?
Huh? Approval ratings have nothing to do with paying attention to politics? Trump said Obama is bad, most America thinks Obama is doing a good job, and Hillary is going to be more of Obama, who most people would vote for again. It was a dumb thing to say.
Not to mention a taco truck on every corner and Bernie Sanders writing the budgets. I like this picture of America under Clinton.
"Obama deported a ton of immigrants. Nobody talks about it, but he did it" 2 min later... "Hillary is for open borders. She will let them all in" Closing remarks... "Hillary will be 4 more years of Obama" Wait...what?!?
He had so many good alternatives like:"Do you want America to be ruled by a dynasty where people being born with a name have a much better shot at governing your lives than anyone else? Vote for me to keep America free and make it great again." Anyway, since most people would want another 4 years of Obama, that was a dumb move.
Has he missed Obama at 55% approval? lmao
Now....is this the sunglasses cool ass Barry?
Yeah not the thing to be saying considering Obama's rating is the highest it's ever been.
Yup, I think that was a pretty bad closing line. Obama is pretty popular right now.
Even Fox News has him at over 50% approval.
So you mean unemployment keeps going down, economy is improving, and violence is on a decline? Yea...I'll take that.
But the inner cities!
Has he not seen Obama's latest approval rating numbers? He basically told over half of America to vote for Hillary.
Yea obamas approval ratings number directly correlate with how shitty the next potential president is. The lack of hope is what is driving those. What's going to happen because I actually agree with trump here, people are going to realize the risk is too high and Hilary is the lesser of 2 evils.
Seriously, he may have just cinched her some undecided voters with that line.
"...the devil you know..."
Probably not, but I'm gonna vote twice as hard
careful, don't accidentally rig the election with all your enthusiasm
He sold me on it.
Sign me the fuck up
You must enjoy increased national debt, medical costs, and racial tension.
 good shit go sHit thats  some goodshit rightth  ere rightthere if i do a so my sel  i say so  thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus:  ) mMMMM  O0OOOOooo        Good shit
I'm here to suck her cock too. Trickle down karma please!
no
"No thanks, you fuckers are crazy!" -Obama 2017
No kidding and so many people live in the bubble of Obama=Bad
Has he taken my property and used to to drop bombs on people across the ocean? Then fuck him, he is bad.
Nevermind, a Trump supporter? Ok
What? Will trump drop bombs? Then fuck him too. I vote for the anti-war president.
In fairness you probably don't like any US politician though, right?
Justin Amash seems cool. Posts all his votes and why on his facebook. Also has won some award 4 years in a row for casting the most votes or something crazy. Otherwise, I am extremely anti-war. So no, not many politicians I support. Nadar, and Ron Paul where also not bad presidential picks as far as war goes.
I certainly won't argue with not wanting war
[GOOD SHIT](https://youtu.be/OYjv8ogsEGE)
I will forever read the 'good shit' copypasta in that voice from now on.
Shit yeah.
Paul Ryan says Clinton = Sanders Trump says Clinton = Obama Bill says Clinton = Bill I'M IN
Who is the new Michelle Obama?
Chelsea Clinton maybe? God knows it won't be Bill.
Seriously. How does associating people with probably the 3 most well liked political figures in the last 25 years help the Republicans?
I wouldn't say Bernie would be one of those three.
It's a Democrats' Greatest Hits Tour. I'm down for that.
Oh man someone bring up FDR and Kennedy please!
Kennedy's overrated. Props to LBJ.
The bands getting back together!
Do we get a hologram of JFK dancing round stage with Snoop Dogg?
Well, it's missing FDR who is arguably the greatest president this nation has ever had, but I can settle.
Between Sanders and Obama I think you have at least a whole FDR even before Bill.
She's talking about the biggest jobs plan since WW2 so I'm assuming it's an All New Deal
Japanese Internment though....Then again, he did lead the country out of a depression and a World War.
Yeah, internment was pretty shitty. But all good presidents got some shitty things about them. I'd still argue FDR was pretty good
And helped create the only superpower that still stands to this day. Although Truman did play a part in that aspect.
She's a Democratic Supergroup... She's... Cream?
Or the Traveling Wilburys
^ this guy super-groups
But which one is Clapton? This is important.
the one who got the clap.... so.... Bill
Chris Wallace won the debate. He knows how to control the room and hold *BOTH* candidates accountable. Nice to see a fair moderator.
He did a hell of a job.
I'd like to have a debate between Wallace and Holt
Thank you Chris Wallace.
The Notorious E.M.C
He completely killed it. Incredible job.
he made debates great again.
As a Fox hater, I concur. He was good.
He did really well!
"Excuse me, Chris". Trump constantly interrupted and debated the moderator!! This man has no idea what he is doing
He was actually a solid moderator. Kudos to Mr. Wallace.
He had some Fox News Wikileaks questions that were tough on Clinton, but he fairly went after Trump on the acceptance of the winner question, and also about his unrealistic economic plans.
He did a great job overall.
Member when Chris Wallace asked if Trump could end the debate on a *positive* note?
Trump me member
ohhhhhh i member
Mmmmmmm I member
Oooh ya I memberrrr
Chris Wallace was the high point of this debate in my eyes. I think Trump and Clinton only got out of hand twice, and that wasn't exactly Wallace's fault. Props to him. Also, Trump's closing statement was more about Clinton than it was about him, bit of a mistake.
The best fox news has ever looked.
I'm pleasantly surprised by his performance, I'd heard some shit about him when his name first got mentioned as a debate moderator and worried about him being from Fox but he did a pretty decent job of trying to hold them in place.
Again
Lol the moderator was like that friend who is trying to get his drunk friends to leave the bar. He did a great job considering his friends are assholes
So much for a good note. Lol
> Also, Trump's closing statement was more about Clinton than it was about him, bit of a mistake. Clinton's closing statement was a succinct summary of her positions and why you should vote for her. Trump rambled about Clinton's flaws, compared her to currently popular Obama, and said several variations of "Make America Great Again." She was definitely prepared for the question, though she had no warning. Trump had a minute to organize his thoughts and came up short.
A bit? It was a terrible mistake to end his last debate with a negative message. He needed to appeal to independents with some fucking hope. Not attack. Complete moron.
Yes. Clinton deliberately avoided taking about Trump in her closing, and it made her look much better.
>The audience will shut the fuck up. Trump and Clinton are to shut the fuck up because we are going to the next question. If anyone's got a fucking problem with that, shove it up your ass. Chris "I will turn this debate around, so help me" Wallace.
Trump: Can I finish? Wallace: Well, no.
Best moment of the night
**Hillary Clinton Supreme Court Priorities:** * Stand up to Citizens United. * Stand for the LGBT community. Not reverse Marriage Equality * Not reverse Roe v. Wade * "Standing up on behalf of our rights as Americans." * Confirm the nominee that Obama presented. **Donald Supreme Court Priorities:** * "Justice Ginsburg made some very inappropriate statements towards me and she was forced to apologize, and apologize she did." * Uphold the 2nd amendment that is under "absolute siege." "Under such trauma." * Pro-life, conservative bent. * "If the Supreme Court overturns it, [Roe v. Wade] they will go back to the states." * People of tremendous respect. * Interpret the constitution the way the founding fathers wanted it interpreted. "The way it was meant to be."
He hasn't offered a solid solution to anything.
He's going to push trial by combat.
Considering that he thinks Clinton kills people that may not be wise.
> Interpret the constitution the way the founding fathers wanted it interpreted. "The way it was meant to be." He knows that the Supreme Court exists to interpret the constitution and other laws, right?
This right here. He's all sound bites.
That's why Hillary won. Her positions were thoroughly laid out, not just sound bites. EDIT: Trumpets out in full force?
Do you understand what is meant by "All sound bytes." Hillary genuinely wants to effect change legally by combating Citizens United and supporting more stringent gun control. Hillary's points are pragmatic, measurable, and most importantly, achievable. Trump's points were abstract, pandering, and abjectly unrealistic. Read: sound bytes.
Uh, no, those are specific policies.
I'm not sure what you mean. Hillary explained each of her positions thoroughly.
Lol. In two minutes?
He literally admitted that he would rig the supreme court to agree with him and do what he wants. Trump has consistently demonstrated an incredible misunderstanding of the US' countermeasures and balances. This and his repeated adamance that Clinton should have been able to change everything singlehandedly
Ok you're being raked over the coals because of the politics of the situation but you're absolutely right and it made me feel ashamed. I was thinking about the politics but I realized i was . I literally can't find the word. Somewhere around disgust with myself for losing sight of the larger goal of a more perfect union and shame because I know the men that drafted the Constitution would be disgusted with me. They absolutely meant the Supreme Court to be a pillar that the Bedrock of Democracy rested on. Thank you for your honest patriotism in the most sincere terms. Your comment has truly made me a better citizen from the moment I read it on. It literally makes me love my country more realizing that those men wanted the best men to help lead all of the people.
All politicians are responsible for everything!
Ahh just like FDR tried to do EDT: you can down vote all you want, you can't change history
He doesn't want to be president he wants to be king
He has no clue how to run a government
Admittedly every president lines up as many nominees as they can who vote like them. I mean, look at FDR's track record. Absolutely abused the Supreme Court, but he got shit done and is a highly regarded president.
Uh, so did Hillary. The politicians used to pretend that the court was somehow above politics, but both parties are now saying they will appoint judges based on their political views.
So did Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton when they said they'd make any justice he appointed promise to not reverse Roe v Wade. Sanders and Clinton have consistently demonstrated an incredible misunderstanding of the US' countermeasures and balances.
He has no recollection of elementary school civics. He seriously is running this entire campaign by the seat of his ass. It's got him this far and he sees no reason to change now!
Yeah, except rigging the surpreme court toward their political views is literally what everyone expects a president to do...
That's incredibly commonplace and not at all controversial.
How is it not controversial? The entire point of a judicial system is impartiality on important issues. The Supreme Court deals almost strictly with the most important and difficult issues. How is it not controversial to appoint people with obvious biases?
Because we don't live in a reality where impartiality exists? There is no objectively right answer to a number of issues, and worse still progressive stances that benefit may very well go against what could be interpreted as the constitution's intent. Over time as polarity becomes apparent with key issues you have justices that are liberal or conservative by nature. That's not inherently wrong provided their dissents are well reasoned, even if disagreeable.
Because basically every appointment ever made has had a similar bias to the president that appointed them. Thats why appointments are such a big deal.
I miss the days when the Supreme Court question was always "Will you use some kind of litmus test in selecting new Justices?" Now it's "Tell us again which litmus tests you will apply to your choices for the Court."
Yes because everyone knows that a senator from New York has the ability to introduce bills and skip the House of Representatives portion of the bill's lifecycle. They also have the power to singlehandedly pass any bill. It's almost like you don't need anyone else in congress to represent the people. I think this debate should have been a question and answer of the powers of government with Hillary and Trump.
Yeah, but everyone 'rigs' the supreme court with justices that are ideologically similar; the only thing is that before this congress actually met about it instead of snubbing the nominee
They ignored the guy before Thomas. That was a democrat congress. Please don't act like democrats aren't responsible for the same shenanigans that republicans have been. It's ignorant and easy to refute and lends more credence to right wing nonsense. We are the party of the Trail of Tears, Andrew Jackson, but most importantly the civil rights act, the new deal, frank-Dodd, Obamacare, the recovery, and everything good and decent in the modern world. They're the party of fear, billionaires, jingoism, nationalism, and Reagan (every single Ill in this country can be traced to that smiling devil)
If you give the Democrats Jackson, might as well give the Republicans Lincoln.
Isn't it different this time though, considering how many potential positions are available on the court? How many times have 3 or more positions been open during a single presidents term?
Except Obama, apparently. Just picks the most qualified guy in the country.
I maintain that he should appoint Mike Judge or David Justice
No Judge Reinhold? We can graduate him from just doing mock trials.
[Check out Judge Justice from Texas](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Wayne_Justice)
And leave out great patriots like Lawyer milloy and Ty Law?
I would pay good money to Justice Milloy sack a motherfucker from the stand.
I mean, he picked a very qualified dude who agrees with Obama about jurisprudence in many (not all) ways, as literally every president ever has done. What is unprecedented is refusing to even give said nominee a hearing-- because Garland has such high approval ratings *among Senators*. This isn't about him. It's about Obama. Which is what's so groundbreaking.
I don't understand people who want the constitution to never change and be interpreted strictly to the text. It's not gospel and the founding fathers weren't prophets.
The founders had very clear opinions on email, airplanes, and space exploration, and I think we should clearly hew to their vision.
I'm always surprised when people think it should be held strictly to its own letter, but don't belong to a well-regulated militia yet still own a gun.
That's a rather weird thing to be surprised about. The second amendment does not even suggest that you must be in a militia to own a weapon.
A lot of it has to do with the fear of eroding freedom. The bill of rights in particular outline specific rights of citizens that the government should infringe upon. People worry that changes made may be well intentioned but later be abused. For instance, I have actually heard some people say they would like to put some limits on free speech to combat online harassment. While nobody really likes online bullies, the rule change would probably eventually be abused by people calling justified criticism bullying. There are already many examples of this today.
Unfortunately, many on the right do not agree.
Evangelical Christians are told that they should interpret the Bible as its divine author intended rather than impose a modern, newer interpretation on it. This mode of thinking seems to transfer over to treating the Constitution and founding myth of America as a holy text and sacred oral tradition. In short taking things "literally" seems both honest and second nature to an evangelical (even though on examination, this literalism is just a reflection of beliefs that individuals internalize). Scalia, a Catholic, was the most important proponent of originalism, this way of interpreting the constitution.
You know Catholics are not Evangelicals, and the Catholic Church does not encourage literal interpretation of the bible, right?
Yes, although I see I let some ambiguity there. I believe that originalism has a *populist appeal* to evangelicals. People with a legal background seem to have a different take entirely – I don't know why originalism appeals to people like Scalia, not having a background in law or Catholicism. I suspect originalism also broadly appeals to traditionalists, and therefore Catholics as well.
Considering that when it was created, the fastest form.of communication involved horses, yeah, it needs to be updated for modern times.
Jefferson wanted a revolution every 15 years.
In fact they were slave owners... and we have amendments for a reason.
Exactly. The Bill of Rights is fucking right there - these are AMENDMENTS to the Constitution they just drafted. I mean, consider them addendums or changes.. meaning the Constitution is not set in stone. It is adaptable to the lives and times of people living now. I thought Clinton's answers were fantastic, esp about gun control. She is pro 2nd amendment with common sense regulation to prevent so many deaths. Who in their right mind would oppose this?
Because common sense laws are never effective and only ban aesthetic features.
Care to contradict this common sense law - - gun owners should be owning gun safes and locks to prevent kids and others from accidentally accessing the gun - terrorists and others who are deemed unsafe to fly should also be deemed unsafe to own a gun This is common sense. You own the gun but adhere to basic common sense safety laws.
On your first point - how can you force people to own an extra thing in order to exercise a right guaranteed in the bill of rights? That's tantamount to a poll tax if the citizen has to shoulder the cost of any specific storage requirements. On your second point - the no fly list is an absolutely abhorrent way to regulate the rights of people. It's a completely opaque list that has little to no oversight that frequently is used more like a shotgun than a scalpel. If your name is even close to somebody who they suspect you also are put on a list, and you don't even find out that you get put on the list until you try to fly. There's no due process to that. What if you say things the government doesn't like? Are you unsafe to fly because you might spread un-patriotic ideas? How about we allow the police to search your house whenever they want if it's deemed you're unsafe to fly? It's all about safety right? Calling ideas like that "common sense" is a great sales tactic but it doesn't really hold up to scrutiny.
And on top of owning a safe, you have to buy a gun to exercise your right. If it is a right it ought to be free! Edit: /s
No, it's that to exercise your right (gun ownership) you would be required by law to pay an extra cost outside of the cost to purchase the gun just to *own* the gun. Or what if you inherited a gun? You would be required to pay for extra equipment to even legally *keep* that arm. How does putting fees on rights even remotely make sense?
The right to bear arms doesn't necessarily exclude secondary requirements on storage/purchase (which are different concepts). A levy of $1m on each purchase wouldn't directly infringe your right to *bear*, any more than the current purchase price - unless you argue that taxing gun purchases is also an infringement, or they should be free.
A levy on each and every gun purchase doesn't directly infringe on your right to keep and bear arms unless you have very low income which prices you out of the ability to own one. That same sort of argument was brought forth in the age of poll taxes as well, and the courts decided that it was an undue burden on a right guaranteed by the bill of rights.
For the same reason we force people to pay for auto insurance or home insurance and follow safety laws. We force cos to tell you what is in your medicine with side effects and what is in your food etc. Common sense laws. It is not in conflict with buying a gun or firing it. It's when storing it. Common sense dictates it be stored safely. That's where the safe comes in. It comes about because there's thousands of accidental deaths. It didn't come about on day one in 1776. It's after 240 years of the laws existence and observing Re. No fly list. Yes, you do have a valid point on govt overreach. Here we want to be cautious banning all deemed unsafe to fly. They can challenge in courts and they should be given that chance. The current process of no fly list if broken should be reviewed and fixed. But safety first. Owning a gun should be a responsible right. Common sense laws are thus needed.
If you're claiming that firearms are a major cause of accidental death, they're only responsible for 505 deaths due to accidental/negligent discharge of a firearm; and 281 deaths due to firearms-use with "undetermined intent" ([CDC source from 2013](http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nvsr/nvsr64/nvsr64_02.pdf)). Falls, motor vehicle incidents, and unintentional poisoning account for more than 100,000 accidental deaths per year ([CDC source](http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/fastats/accidental-injury.htm)). Hell, drowning is responsible for 3000 accidental deaths per year. I'm not trying to say that accidental deaths of any kind are inconsequential. Each one is a tragedy. But to put that much effort into such a small contributor when there's much worse things out there is at the very least an extremely poor use of effort.
So let's do something about those too. We have the capacity to tackle all these with common sense laws.we don't have to give up gun safety laws nor these You seem to think it's either or. Why not both?
I'm saying it's a poor application of resources compared to other causes of accidental deaths.
The big one really in my mind is closing the gun show, and other similar loopholes that allow people to get weapons by bypassing the guidelines that already exist. I don't really understand how anyone could oppose that, unless they want to use such loopholes. I understand there are arguments that I'm not well informed on (I've seen some logical arguments that banning assault weapons won't accomplish anything) and I really shouldn't be commenting on those, but I've never heard a logical argument that opposes my above point.
A lot of people *really* like gun shows so I doubt closing or banning the shows themselves will ever actually happen. There might be a way to impose tighter regulations on show transactions though but I don't really know enough about the loophole to comment on that.
How do you enforce gun owners owning a safe, or worse yet, actually locking up their guns? Should childless gun owners be required to buy a safe and keep their gun(s) locked up? How about if their nephew comes around every so often? From a legislation standpoint, you either require it universally or it simply can't be enforced. What legislation would you propose? The "No Fly" list is an extrajudicial punishment that has neither due process nor any transparency whatsoever. You wish to limit the constitutional rights of an American citizen without due process? I must say that I wholeheartedly disagree with that, and in fact, the "No Fly" list, as well. Keep in mind that the right to bear arms is a constitutional right, including the individual right to bear arms, as has been decided by the Supreme Court.
The argument is that the Supreme Court should not dictate policy by declaring certain laws constitutional or not. It should be up to Congress and the States to ammend the Constitution legislatively. That's where strict Constitutionalists come into play, they apply the law in question directly to what's stated in the text of the Constitution and the Bill of Rights. However, i agree with you in that the Constitution is an elastic document and that the SC should apply the text of the Constitution to current times, not just follow the strict wording* of the founders.
I'm dead serious when I say that it has to do with personality and values. On psychological studies of the way that personality correlates with political views, conservatives in particular tend to score highly on respect for authority and tradition, high on absolutism, low on tolerance for complexity, and low on openness to new experiences. Who can say which way the causality goes, but the thing you're not realizing is that when you say > It's not gospel and the founding fathers weren't prophets. there are people who would essentially consider that blasphemy. People like this desire some sort of bedrock on which to ground their worldview, and it often manifests itself politically in an almost religious reverence to the founding fathers. It follows pretty readily from that perspective that the constitution would function as absolute and indelible mandates.
To go a step further these are the same people that would be likely to believe in divine command theory. I think that adds a bit of a window into understanding what would make someone think that way.
Exactly. The respect for authority and tradition feeds very easily into a value system where certain practices and morals are accepted simply because "that's just the way things are" or "because God/I/this historical figure said so."
I think the attitude is largely that they don't mind changes to the Constitution — it's just that the Constitution has a vector for change (amendments), and don't think the nine justices should be the ones to make updates
We're pretty much at a point where passing additional amendments is close to impossible, so because the country is so divided you don't want the Supreme Court to do their job?
Their job isn't to dictate policy, it's to interpret the Constitution. They should however take into account that the times have changed and we can't defer to the literal trascription of a 200 year old document.
Yep, because Amendments have proper checks and balances, while the Supreme Court has very little (when it comes to legistlating from the bench)
But SCotUS largely doesn't change the constitution. Just rules on how to apply it to new areas.
I guess that makes sense. I've heard someone use the term "liberal judges legislating from the bench".
We actually had this exact discussion in a cyber ethics class I'm taking. The professor who's a doctor of philosophy and computing said that it's a common misconception; they pretty much need to construct these interpretations that seem like legislation. They can't just will the meaning of the law when it's ambiguous. How are they suppose to adjugate a law that is not clear?
Not that the outcome was negative (actually some of the greatest civil rights advances came from it), but that's essentially what the Warren court of the 60s did. So there is precedent for it
Which has given us things like Brown v. Board of Education, the Brandenburg free-speech test, the Miranda rights, and national same-sex marriage, just to name the first four off the top of my head (there are MANY more). I'm pretty good with the justices applying old vague wordings to modern times in a way that makes sense for modern times.
To play devils advocate - the problem is...what happens when the court is not of the political party of your persuasion and they start doing these things for things you don't agree with?
As long as there is a logical, embettering and not biblical reasonings for the change. Change it.
Deal with it and push for future compromise because that's how democracy works. The obstructionism of Senate Republicans is despicable; the priorities of one political party, particularly on social issues, should never take precedent over the greater interests of America and its people.
Well, when the supreme court makes a decision I don't agree with, I like to think my instinct would be to reconsider my position and see if it makes sense. Because it's made up of some of the smartest people in the country, and so there's a distinct possibility that *I'm* wrong. After that, well, the country isn't perfect. That said, it would depend on what the decision was.
What rubbed me the wrong way is that he was framing it as "I'll nominate people who are pro-gun and pro-life" instead of saying that he would favor judicial nominations that would be strict Constitutionalists. It implies that he would prefer the court to be political, when that's the last thing it should be. Antonio Scalia was always accused of being Conservative, but he stuck by his judicial theory of strict interpretation, not by party lines alone.
I mean, there's definitely a case to be argued that Scalia was pick-and-choosy with how eager he was to apply originalism when it came to his own personal politics.
Oh 100%. I just figured Scalia was a good example because he is a modern example of a Justice people found to be quite political, but who was also a good friend of Ginsburg and didn't exactly outright say, "I'm doing this because x is just plain wrong/it goes against Conservative ideals". I just don't like the idea of a Justice being someone who outright says they're pro-whatever. Even as a staunch liberal, I don't want nominations who say they're pro-choice, just somebody who believes the Constitution is flexible. Also, thanks for using the term "origialism", I could not for the life of me remember what it was called when I wrote that comment lol.
Final analysis -- The Apprentice should have won those goddamn Emmys, folks.
People complain now, but I loved the apprentice, especially the non-celebrity versions.
Think of all the people that would have been spared the horror of this election of he had won.
Wrong.
What a fantastic show! (I never actually watched it, but my great aunt said it was tremendous.)
It's kind of like Hitler and the art school thing: maybe if Trump had received validation from some Emmy wins, he would have never needed to run for president.
Chris Wallace: "I want to end this debate on a positive note." Trump: "THE WORLD IS ON FIRE."
Thanks for bringing this up. I flipped around various channels last night after the debate and unless I just missed it, not even one person mentioned the final question as being noteworthy. To me, their closing statements were the most important 2 minutes of the entire night, and pretty much summed up everything that one needs to know. Hillary Clinton spoke directly to the camera and gave a hopeful outlook of her ideas and plans to work as a President for all Americans. Trump, in contrast, sounded like a raving, rambling lunatic on a street corner proclaiming the End Times were nigh. I understand the "rigged" election issue is taking up most of the headlines, but more people (at least more than zero) should be talking about the last 2 minutes. Anybody who's still undecided should just watch those closing statements and decide which person looked and sounded like a President.
Someone misunderstood the assignment. And the worse part was that he wasn't looking at the camera looking at the American people like Clinton did. He just looked at the moderator and spouted fire and brimstone which is exactly the opposite of what the moderator asked.
I love anderson but chris wallace was the best moderator. thank you fox news?
Wallace is a different Breed than the normal fox fucks
Right? Chris Wallace absolutely knocked it out of the park.
He isn't one of the normal people on fox news. Fox news just like the rest are a bunch of commentators and he likes to think of himself as a journalist. He emphasizes that he's one of the journalists from fox NEWS. He's done meet the press, and his father mike wallace was one of the best interviewers of the past 100 years. I expected him to do well and he did.
His final statement of the last debate is "You're going to get 4 more years of Obama with her." in an election year where Obama would get a third term by a massive landslide. He's a stupid motherfucker, that Trump.
That was my thought. Most people would love 4 more years of him.
I mean, hes not trying to persuade liberals, hes trying to persuade people that think obama is the antichrist that he is not as bad.
So then why did he badmouth Reagan? Ahaha
He (the REPUBLICAN nominee) openly disagreed with Reagan on a debate. The stupid motherfucker boat sailed a long time ago.
Yup, at one point he was saying that he was going to do the same as Obama and she was praising Reagan and Bush sr. It was a weird debate
So you think there is some rule that all republicans must agree with Reagon 100%?
No rule but its become the backbone of the GOP. It help rally the support of the party. And of all candidates present and future, no ones needed to prove their worth to the GOP more than Trump. Which is impressive cause prior to Trump, you couldve gotten the GOP to rally behind a chicken sandwich if it meant getting Obama out of office. Not with Trump though.
They usually do. Reagan is seen as the messiah in their circles.
His last statement last debate was "I admire her strength and tenacity. She never quits."
I mean, he used that line in every other debate, so why stop now?
Because it's costing him independent votes. I'm sorry, I didn't realize we were being facetious.
*You lie!* You knew we were being facetious!
............yeah..... I did....
Privledged man's bubble. That Nasty Woman quote is gonna bite him the next 3 or 4 days as usual.
> Privledged man's bubble In other words, you're a racist twat.
What a cuck thing for him to say
I'm actually a little confused why the nasty thing is a big deal at this point. Isn't it exactly what we would expect of him given his name calling this whole election season? Is nasty woman much worse than Crooked Clinton or Shillary, etc. (I'm assuming he actually said these things, not just his supporters)?
I don't think it's some huge deal myself. Just knew it'd be something people would latch onto. 3 second sound bite, etc. Anchors start discussing it, along with the huge amount of sexual assault news etc. Honestly, it was a pretty stupid thing to say impulsively when you've got a women voter issue. If she said "You're a nasty *man*" with emphasis, I'm sure the right would start some weird shit that she's cold and hates men. Maybe not, but I could see it.
Speaks volumes about his attitude towards women
I wonder if that will be one of the headlines out of this. The real Rick Lazio moment. Hillary's campaign bought nastywomengetshitdone.com
TBH I have to admit, this was Trump's best performance by far in the 3 debates. Still got his ass kicked though far and away.
His strongest performance, but it was hers, as well.
Honestly, can't blame Trump. His method of being a jack ass won him the Republican candidacy. But he couldn't learn fast enough that it wasn't going to win him the Presidency.
>But he couldn't learn... I think that's the key takeaway from Trump's campaign.
And that's what makes it so sad -- the bar is so low for him that just temporarily avoiding being a nut job is considered a success.
Yeah, he actually seemed mature in the beginning. That ended soon enough, but it was enough to scare me for a few minutes.
Not me. Even when calm, he still makes no goddamn sense when he speaks. Can't form a single coherent thought that doesn't involve "everything is a disaster."
He just sounds like he's putting on an act and is straining. Granted sometimes Clinton sounds too rehearsed, but never like she's physically in pain because she can't run wild.
Even when Trump is calm, he tosses out word salads with a 20-year-old's vocabulary. His answers to the Supreme Court questions were annoyingly vapid.
Yeah I wasn't worried by his calm demeanor bc Hillary was also on her A game, thankfully.
I'm so fucking glad she railed him on the rigged election rhetoric. She's right, that kind of thinking is horrifying. Even Al Gore conceded and that election was stolen from him. Trump has been digging his campaign's grave since long before he even considered running just by being himself, but he considers himself infallible so if he loses it's a conspiracy. I hope his defeat is crushing and humiliating. Here deserves no less.
He wasn't saying anything intelligent or coherent, that's not what worried me. It's that there are Republicans out there searching for any reason to vote for trump, and if he appeared collected and decent for just one debate it could make the race competitive again. Especially if there were people tuning in for the first time. And it would give him some room to argue the media portrays him unfairly
Well, he torpedoed *that* ship fairly quickly in any case.
Hell, practically the first thing out of his mouth was "Ruth Bader Ginsburg attacked me and it's not fair!"
I did not understand what he was talking about.
Nobody does.
Its amazing that he can say with a straight face “nobody has more respect for women than me” and then proceed to interrupt Clinton more times than the previous 2 debates... and then to round it all off the 'billionaire' interrupts her right at the end to call her a 'nasty woman' when she is talking about a program that helps the poorest Americans. My god how can anyone vote for this man?!?
"I just have one question for Secretary Clinton. One question." "Ok, what..." "Shutup! It's my turn to speak."
I don't see why being rude to Hillary would suggest that he has no respect for women. Hillary is an individual. No one would accuse Hillary of hating men because she might say something bad about Trump.
I definitely agree with that, but strategy wise... it's not good to be anything but cordial and as respectful as possible there. Especially when you're up to your neck with sexist-related scandals.
He'll deny that he said it
Also, if the elections were rigged, he sure as fuck wouldn't be the nominee because Republican leadership did not want this motherfucker.
Agreed. Him winning is their worst case scenario. They've created a monster and they thought wrong they could contain it.
"Better attack the president with insanely high approval ratings!" - Donald
They're not insanely high, they're reasonably high and impressive for someone who has been net negative approval for most of his tenure.
Sometimes I find myself thinking he's so self destructive there is no way he's not doing this to ensure his old friend Hill a win. And then I remember no one would ever destroy their entire families reputation for that and I get sad. He's really this bad.
His family's reputations *and* his business empire. Trump has failed at every business venture he's gone into, with the exception of one; making his name into a brand so valuable that people will pay massive sums to slap it on their hotels, golf courses, whatever. The value of that brand is now falling so fast it's burning up on re-entry.
Yea but Obama is the anti Christ to his base. He's just pandering
So his strategy is to garner more support from the people who already decided to vote for him at the cost of losing support with anyone who might have voted for him? Yep, that seems like a winner.
Seems like a pretty terrible idea when you're losing in so many polls
>You're going to get 4 more years of Obama with her Sign me the fuck up
Nope. I don't want a dictatorship.
 good shit go sHit thats  some goodshit rightthere rightthere if i do a so my self  i say so  thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus:  ) mMMMM  O0OOOOOOooo        Good shit
plse.
I'm in. https://youtu.be/i_WY1pqHy9A?t=1m14s https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6uHR90Sq6k
I'm on board. I'll vote for almost anything that isn't Donald Trump at this point
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OYjv8ogsEGE
Except the whistleblower handling and drone strikes, I am on board.
nobody is perfect
Trump said he's perfect
Still miles better than what we have now.
I'm against drone strikes on principle, but Obama was against drone strikes at one point too. I don't think he's a hypocrite; I honestly think that he has had to make a tough judgment call and put his principles aside to get the job done and I applaud him for that. I trust Obama to make the right call, even if I don't agree with him, but that trust is something that he's earned and I'm sad that I probably won't trust a president like that ever again.
Exactly. Obama is the kind of person where, even when I don't agree with him, I fully believe he made the decision that he felt was right at the time, and it certainly wasn't (or is) an easy call.
I agree with you. The whole whistleblower thing just gnaws at me.
I mean I don't agree with everything Obama has done, but if he ran against trump and Clinton, he would get the most enthusiastic vote I've ever cast.
I heartily concur. Still holding out hope that he does the right thing and pardon whistleblowers on his way out. Extra credit for executive order removing cannabis from Schedule I.
If either of these things I happened I would gladly gloat to my conservative christian Texan parents.
my feelings x 10
Voter fraud!! Proof right there in what you just said!! RIGGED!! RIGGED BIGLY! /s
I thought the same thing, he really fucked up with that
Remember: 4 more years of Obama, Bernie running the Senate, a liberal Supreme Court for generations, and taco trucks on every corner. Truly, the GOP is promising dark times ahead.
"NO THANKS, you fuckers are crazy." - Obama 2017
I really enjoy the way Obama goes against your campaign promises to raid state marijuana facilities by unilaterally selecting heads of the DEA to do exactly that.
Michelle or Barry?
>"NO THANKS, you fuckers are crazy." - Obama ~~2017~~ 2016
You'd look mighty fine donning a Supreme Court Justice robe, Mr. President
That'd be a fun confirmation hearing. Oh wait, there wouldn't even be one.
"Obama out."
I'm going to Hawaii, run for governor and secede from the union if trump is elected -Obama, probably
Oh dear *GOD* I wish we'd somehow gotten the chance to see a Trump v Obama debate. I think Clinton's done a good job baiting him and using the spectacle he makes to deflect attention from her, but Obama would have absolutely slaughtered him.
I hope he drops the mic on his way out.
Hops in the driver's seat of a car and lights up a cigarette.
After 8 years of being President, Obama deserves a goddamn bong rip.
I would hope he'd sing an amazing duet with Elton John and *then* drop that mic.
Debate wasn't close if you were keeping score. But big story over next 24 hrs will be GOP reaction to Trump on accepting election results
Definitely concerning
Donald deliberately waited at his podium like a beta so he wouldn't have to shake her hand afterward.
He just didn't want to get infected with whatever super plague she is carrying.
Speaking of health, a high-salt diet is not good for your heart.
Tfw you try to make a joke but people are perpetually angry and can't laugh.
Blame Trump for running a campaign deliberately pissing people off for 18 months.
To be fair, it wasn't easy to tell if you were joking or not
Broad-shouldered leadership.
Yep.
I think the very stoned Gary Johnson said it best: "Trump is a pussy"
You are what you grab
I'm married to a beautiful brilliant data analyst and when trump compared our growth to India and china, she rage quit. Von Miller is making her proud. 1% of the US is not equal to other percentage rates.
[Von Miller](http://www.theplayerstribune.com/von-miller-broncos-super-bowl-mvp-nerd/) is making me proud too. When my brother was a freshman at Texas A&M, it was Von's last year, and he said he was the [nicest guy] (https://media3.giphy.com/media/l0MYJfo8SyCyRA5Py/200w.gif#1) he knew on the football team, no one even compares. The worst thing Von did to my brother was give him a friar cut his first week, before shaving his head completely. I'm super happy to see his success, and it was so awesome to see him as Super Bowl MVP, (even though I also love Cam Newton, and met him once and his charisma in our minute long conversation blew the roof- and we were outside). I don't know if Von Miller, the [poultry scientist that makes quarterbacks into chickens](https://media4.giphy.com/media/3oz8xxrE0ih4oBFULS/200w.gif#45), is as good of a political analyst as [Van Jones] (https://twitter.com/VanJones68?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor). (Sorry about the tangent, just really love Von Miller and Van Jones).
Wow she must be the biggest broncos fan
Yes, thank you for pointing that out. I think Clinton avoided challenging that because it would be too difficult to explain the difference in a debate. Sadly, I think Americans in general can't handle any kind of nuance or complexity in debating issues.
> Von Miller [Vonderful](http://i.imgur.com/wYTnwPz.jpg)
The trick is to burn everything down and then achieve triple digit growth.
Yeah, and I think Nigeria has 10% growth or something. But these economies are so small. China's GDP is the only one comparable to the US's (~60%) and even they are having concerns of significant slow down.
Strip sack Miller!
[deleted]
No edits. Only drunk slumber.
That really bothered me as well. You can't compare our growth to that of a developing country.
were far more developed than those countries, we obviously wont have the same growth as them. trump dumbs everything down for his moron supporters and they eat it up, but the country's smart enough to see through his shit and thats why he is gonna get absolutely decimated
> Von Miller is making her proud. The Super Bowl MVP?
Hell, why not?
Always play Denver D/ST. Defense wins fantasy!
I mean against Houston? Absolutely. But it heavily depends on the QB situation and see if Siemian is healthy. They can't keep giving up 7-8 minute drives.
True. I mean, if you are committed to streaming and don't have Denver or Minnesota then you play the matchup. Jets qb? Play opposing defense. I've been stuck with Washington which has been midling at best but what can you do.
>...Von Miller is making her proud. So she's a Broncos fan? Or maybe an Aggie?
Yeah, when you're comparing the growth rates of the United States and industrializing countries its comparing apples to centipedes.
It's like being a 16 year old and being jealous of your 13 year old brother for growing a higher percentage (of total height taller). You're well past that.
Van Jones. (We should all be proud of Von Miller though)
I'm really embarrassed but i won't edit. No idea why I pulled that. Sorry.
Van/von are similar and uncommon names, no biggie
von is at the top of his craft. fuck the broncos though.
Hey [fuck you too](http://i.imgur.com/R390EId.gif)
[Felipe Rios and the Brochachos say hi](http://www.lobshots.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/felipe-rios.jpg)
Dear god r/nfl is leaking
I knew what it was but I still clicked it :(
Hillary is still meeting her friends and people from the audience, Trump went straight to his SUV and left. When the debate finished, hillary was all smiles, he looked sad and beat down.
Those people aren't her friends. They're just there in case she faints like she did 9/11
Friends or not, she was acting *friendly*. He was acting defeated. Not a very good look.
Acting and being friendly are two different things. Have you read her emails. Not very friendly.
I'm talking about the optics of the end of tonight's debate. You're redirecting.
What does it matter if I'm redirecting, those emails are fact, her framing good people like Assange is a fact. Her morals are completely off and it's people like hillary that corrupt politics. I can't believe you're supporting a criminal.
>good people like Assange
I swear to God you people work like the ministry of truth. Whistle-blowers like Snowden and journalist Assange are heros for doing what they did. They literally are putting there lives at risk and are making enemy's with the worst people on earth for you can know the truth that no one else will tell you. Thanks to these leaks, I now know who's the lesser of two evils. To bad bernie ain't around.
>journalist Assange >hero's >there lives >enemy's >for you can know >To bad
She did her talking hand wave, I love that wave.
because donald trump is a miserable human being.
So sad. Low energy.
He looked like he just got maced.
Donald doesn't have any friends.
He has the best friends.
Lol this is the most clever thing I've heard all night
Trump said in his closing statement if we elect Hillary it will be four more years of Obama. Anyone else completely fine with that?
Me please!
I want Obama for 2 more years, so 4 sounds good.
Not really. I'd rather not see the continuation (and likely escalation) of an abusive, secretive, interventionist tradition that goes back at least as far as the early 80s and Iran-Contra. Remember his promises for radical improvements in executive transparency and whistle-blower treatment? My ass. He failed to deliver and can't credibly blame republicans - it was in the hands of his own branch of government. We need a President with enough guts to check the security state militarists with more than words.
Like 55% of America, I think?
Indeed.
Great statement!
Hillary should make an ad out of that statement.
So four more years of continued economic gains and progressive milestones? Okey donkey. (It's not all sunshine, I know, but it's better than the Trump shitshow.)
It's the new taco trucks in every corner, Trump's campaign keeps promising awesome things if Clinton wins.
More so now than ever
Yeah sign me up. That and Paul Ryan saying Bernie wins in the Senate. Sure as a Berniebro I'd prefer Bernie as Prez but 4 more Obama years and a Dem Senate with Sanders with power I'm okay with it. Also FUCKING VOTE NOW AND IN 2018! Midterms matter.
Are we talking about Democrat-Congress Obama? If so, then sign me up.
He might as well have held up an I'm With Her sign while saying that, considering how effective that was as an argument for voting for Clinton.
In his mind that was his last low blow to her. But wow he really shouldn't have said that.
My god, if only...
He is trying to appeal to the hardcore republican base which, while they did get him elected in the primary, represent a minority in the election.
I mean Obama's approval ratings are at an all time high.
Seriously what is it right now? Like 55%
"NO one respects women more than me" audible laughter.
On CNN, I couldn't actually hear the audience that well, not like the other debates.
What a nasty woman
I couldn't imagine a crowd of people laughing at me like that.....
Then followed later by "such a nasty woman." That will gain him some points with women, surely.
He'll grab those votes by the pussy.
Then conveniently "forget" under deposition to ever meeting or grabbing any votes.
"I'll keep you in suspense." That's fucking dangerous. Trump is threatening the integrity of our elections.
Did you just use integrity and elections in the same sentence? Ha!
What integrity? This whole election cycle has basically been red flag after red flag with regard to electoral "integrity."
It's for me to stop thinking about someone, who will more than likely be an American who is black, Hispanic, or Muslim getting physically attacked by one of Trumps poll watchers. The likelihood of violence at a polling station, which a lot of times are at schools, churches, community centers, government building, and an assortment of public places (mine is at an assisted living home that looks like an old embassy suites on the inside) is the highest it has been since Jim Crow laws were around.
Am I the only one that assumed that was a joke? Or am I giving him too much credit?
Like our lives are a fuckin game to him
His voter base thinks this way whether he says it or not. A good 20% of the country thinks we are so far off the rails that they would immolate the Republic before sticking with the status quo. This isn't really Trump-specific and it will need to get dealt with at some point.
He was threatening the integrity of our elections from the start. This is just him being slightly more obvious about it.
I still can't believe he actually said that. His die hard voter base is gonna cause problems for the country if/when he loses the election. E: Wording
> His die hard voter base is gonna cause problems for the country ~~if/~~when he loses the election. FTFY
That great, temperamental man said he might not accept the outcome of the election. This should be a HUGE deal.
To be fair, if there was a "hanging chad" type scenario, I don't know that anyone should be expected to accept that. I know democrats didn't in Florida.
If the election results end up being within a thousand votes or so, I'll concede that he might have a point. If the election results end up being within a thousand votes or so, I'll eat an actual cow tongue and upload the video here.
She should have said that there is nothing left to discuss, and have walked offstage.
"I'll you in suspense" ...WTF!?
What would happen if he didn't? Like what does this actually mean other than him bitching about it?
Inciting a national riot along the levels of '68 Chicago? I think Trump's ego will be compete when blood is shed in his name.
In a vacuum? Nothing. But politics don't work in a vacuum. There are some people that would be concerned it would rile certain elements up into a frenzy of violence; that they would see Clinton as a threat to the nation and potentially do something unforgivable. Would that happen? No one can predict the future, but we shouldn't try to find out without *damn* good reason.
Not being able to face adversity should disqualify you.
It is a huge deal and I hope it becomes one in the eyes of the media and voters. This is fascist-level rhetoric and Clinton is right, it is horrifying.
I honestly wouldn't be surprised if he incites his voters to violence if he loses.
That was exactly the implied threat when he refused to commit to accepting the election results.
He is going to break over 200 years of peaceful transition of power by refusing the outcome of the election because he's a sore loser. He's gonna incite violence.
Well there was that one time with Brackenridge...
My mouth fell agape at his smugness when he said it.
But are you in suspense?
Not really. We all know Trump's running away from Kellyanne as she chases him around the room scolding him to get into his big boy pants.
The anchor coverage is 100% about that. Also there were "gasps" during the election comment AND the nasty woman deal.
4 more years of Obama is not a good deterrent for me Trump.
I mean, to be honest, if you ask me, I'm quite content with that.
The main thing I hated about these debates is Trump's degradation Of America. He literally made Americans feel like they've done nothing right. Ridiculous.
The citizens are not to blame for the problems of this country. They have much less control than the banks and investment funds, even over their own lives.
If Donald trump can alter how you feel about anything then you have bigger problems than national self esteem.
All he did was shit on this country.
Clinton, and the moderator, have done everyone an enormous disservice with letting Trump repeatedly get away with that bullshit regarding Mosul too. How are you going to surprise anyone with a major military operation? What the fuck? Anyone who thinks that is an idiot and should be chemically castrated for the good of mankind.
While eugenics might seem, on the surface, to be a good policy for dealing with deplorables, I will tell you that it is fraught with challenges and drawbacks. It was in vogue from the 1930's through to the mid-1940's and was shown to be quite controversial and damaging.
Van Jones' political correctness versus civility angle is a good one that I will be using.
Also please!
He's had a couple gems tonight. "You can't call trump a genius leader if he steps on every rake in the field and can't handle a 'corrupt' media"
tl;dr please?
Essentially you can't decide what offends other people, and instead of saying they are the problem, you should discuss what offended them and try to be better. Or something like that. Im sure it will be around in a few minutes.
Oh cool, thanks!
He just gave em the real discussion on how it's shitty to tell people what they can or can't find offensive.
"PC" replaced the word "civility"
I wasn't listening, but I can probably explain it. At its core, political correctness is about manners. It's about showing respect to people. If someone is offended by a word, it's extremely easy to just not use that word. In the name of decency and civility. It can go too far, sure. But generally, it's about being polite and showing people respect. That is something that I expect from my leaders, and it's a lesson I try to teach to my students. "Why can't I say _______?" Well, why would you want to?
Thanks for tldr'ing that for me.
Donald is right though. Babies are ripped out 9 months in. It's called birth.
And after the doctor tears the baby out of the womb, after that he *hits the baby until it cries and severs it's connection to its mother.* It's messy, these abortions. Screaming and crying and blood everywhere. I've even heard some of these aborted babies have been caught groping their mother's chest, disgusting.
We should do something about that!
The *LIE*berals are tryin' what with all their abortin' left and right! ^(/s, of course)
Found Macduff!
"Hilary supports an abortion known as a "C-section," where the baby is taken out at 9 months. I am against that and I'm against it bigly."
It's actually called late term abortion, and they have to dismember the fetus inside the womb and crush it's skull so that it's small enough to be removed
ah, the Doomguy method rip & tear
If it is late enough in the pregnancy that that is the method, it is only because the risk to the mother is so great that it is a life-saving medical procedure, or something is so wrong with the pregnancy or child that carrying to full term is more emotionally and physically devastating than the late term abortion.
Gee, my two sons "ripped out" via c-section have been *living* in my house, eating my food, going to school, and *living* life for many years now. As Hermione would say: "What. An. Idiot."
And it must be stopped
They're taking our jobs, and they don't work for 18 years after showing up. We need to deport them all. But don't worry, I love the babies, babies love me, I have hUGE support among the babies.
"Donald used Trump Foundation funds to buy a six foot portrait of himself" "A six foot two portrait."
Did this actually happen?? My god this election is interesting.
Ummm...I don't recall hearing that.
Yes. He doesn't donate to his own charity and he's used funds that were donated to his charity to pay legal fees against his businesses, and to buy portraits of himself that he's hung in his own businesses. The Washington Post did an investigation into his charity.
He didn't say that. Unfortunately.
He didn't actually say that, right?
I watched the whole debate, but i swear every time Trump starts talking I can't make any sense of what he's saying to such a degree that I think my brain shuts off out of self defense after about 10 words, so I have no idea what Trump did or didn't say.
He didn't.
I missed it if he did.
It's kinda scary that we can't tell if he actually said it or not because it really seems like what Trump would say. But I don't think he said it.
He didn't but the fact that OP's comment wasn't immediately taken as sarcasm says something.
After what he said about the Emmy ("should've had it") and not paying federal taxes in the first debate ("that makes me smart") I honestly wasn't sure.
He doubled down on the thing about not paying taxes this debate, too, but it wasn't even a highlight since it had to compete with "nasty woman" and "I'll keep you in suspense."
"You're acting like an eight year old Donald." "Eight and a half year old."
Who does that?
Okay, when Hillary said, "Who does that?" That was the single most human she has ever felt to me.
I was totally about to write this. My problem with her is that she sticks to her script way too much, and it's noticeable. Her pauses are a tiny bit too long, her hand gestures are a bit forced, her inflection doesn't really feel *right.* But she went off the cuff a couple of times tonight and that moment to me was like *this is what I've been looking for*. She did do it a couple more times, but if only she could be that human all of the time...
[deleted]
Right, but I've seen this weird pacing in all three debates. I haven't seen this in other candidates who are similarly practiced in their material. I think it's a part of why some people distrust her, even if they can't elaborate. Frankly, I see it as a small con in this shitshow of an election.
I like it too, but the problem is when you are too human, you can be attacked. If she appears too emotional about something, her detractors will say "see, this is why we can't have a person like this in the white house". I remember her as FLOTUS and how people attacked her and burnt her in effigy (like seriously). I think she learned to wall herself off so she could survive.
Agreed. At that moment, she seemed less robotic and more passionate. She needs to go off script a bit more to show her passion.
I can't imagine how hard it must be to be a woman in that position. If she shows passion, she's "emotional". If she doesn't, she's "a robot". I'm not quite sure this would be an issue if she was a guy. She has to walk a fine line between both of those states. I'm quite sure she's passionate about what she does.
I think she's gotten a lot of 'robot' comments from the first two, so going more emotional was a logical solid choice for this one.
Ironically, the "logical solid choice" is the choice an automaton would make. Damned if she does, damned if she doesn't.
Yep. You hit the nail on the head. Ps. This concept is called '[Affordance widths](http://tanoraqui.tumblr.com/post/149361184397/affordance-widths)' btw.
I saw tears in her eyes during the abortion discussion. that was one of the first human reactions I've seen from her.
i am pretty sure she just has a tear dispenser built into her human suit.
Yes, having a candidate that can personally relate to an issue like that makes a huge difference. There is no question that we can trust her to stick to her position on roe vs. wade and women's health; it is rare to be able to trust a candidate's position that much.
And when she talked about the photo of the injured Syrian child. It looked like a flash of anger, almost.
I definitely saw that as pandering. Not the first time she brought up emotional pictures of refugees
It's ok to bring up emotional things because we're human and mass slaughter of innocents should be painful to see.
Eh, idk. I'm not as old as Clinton but watching a YouTube video of the Syrian bombing victims was one of the most horrific and awful things I've witnessed in my life. Most things on film that have made me feel that way were fictional, or from the Iraq war. I think there a good chance what she saw did actually effect her and bringing up that point to me is humanistic not opportunistic.
Ehh, I recoiled at the mention
Yeah that was a genuine moment that reflected how a lot of us rational people feel when we hear shit like trump buying a giant portrait of himself with charity funds.
I could absolutely believe it was written and vetted with her staff beforehand. And you know what? That's great. A president needs to do their homework and be prepared. Either way, she delivered a good line well.
Who does that!? Well... one of them did.
Oh yeah you could tell she came prepared. She had prepared defenses for the things she knew he would bring up like the "what have you done in 30 years" comment. On the other hand, Trump decided it would be a good idea to say his sexual accusers want fame and that Hillary put them up to it and also emails.
I thought the "made of Chinese steel" line was pretty good.
My favorite moment of the entire debate.
Oh so Trump, you're okay with possibly starting an insurrection because your ego can't accept you losing? You're kicking the wrong fucking hornet's nest.
Don't remember 2000?
In 2000 the "results" weren't done until Florida certified their results. When they did, Gore accepted the results of the election. Trump said that he would "surprise" us on whether or not he would do that. That is totally not in any way the same thing.
In what context?
He should have just said he'd accept the results, but all he was saying is that he doesn't know what will happen so he's not going to make a promise. I mean, if something egregious came out that was obvious voter fraud, however small that chance is, he'll act on it.
That's not what he said.
No, what he's saying is that he's going to be a sore bitchy loser. Because all he does when he loses is bitch about things being "rigged". Hillary listed off various times he's done this before. And his pathetic ego is going to cause a fucking national crisis because he doesn't understand the importance of the position he's in as a major party U.S. Presidential nominee.
I think most people not voting for trump would be okay with a recount if it was by less than 1k votes for the potus.
hence the "we'll see." trump just doesnt have such a way with words. he could have articulated it much better, but it's obvious thats what he was getting at
No, it's obvious that's *not* what we was getting at, because that's not what he's been saying at all of his rallies. In fact, I'm almost positive he's never said anything close to "well, if it's close we'll have to see what the results are". No, it's always been "they're stealing the election and we have to ~~intimidate~~watch out for "you know who" at the polls".
Seriously. I don't think he realizes that most of the country would be okay with the US military mowing down his militia worse than Sherman going through Georgia.
I don't advocate for killing our own countrymen but a bunch of salt n preppers with tac-gear going full rambo makes me fucking laugh.
President Obama has a 55% approval rating. That was probably the worst final sentence he could have possibly come up with.
Well maybe...
That's not true. He could have done something even Republicans would hate, like insulting Reagan. Oh, wait...
4 more years!
If Tim Kaine resigns, and Obama replaces him, and then Hillary resigns, Obama can ascend to the presidency and stay on for four more years.
Wait what? If Clinton's running mate resigns Obama automatically replaces him or he CAN?
No its against the 22nd amendment I believe.
No it's not.
Someone on an earlier thread suggested Hillary nominating Obama for the supreme court seat. That would be hilarious. Unrealistic without him having any experience as a judge, but he was a constitutional law professor at harvard, so it's not too insane.
you don't have to have experience as a judge to be a supreme court judge
I don't know why people keep saying that. Kagan had zero judicial experience before becoming justice, and she's the youngest justice on the court.
"voting for hillary means 4 more years of obama, thats what you get if you vote for her" well golly gee, sign me up
Why? Obama has been a disappointment. Totally failed to take on the big banks and the Iran deal is pure appeasement of a theocratic regime. He is a good public speaker, and that's about it.
Obama is a better person than clinton by a mile.
They're pretty similar policywise
I mean can we just point out the fact that his final words of the debate season were 'vote for her' seems like kind of a no-no in debate tactic
Hahahaha right? The sad thing is his base will eat that shit up, and enjoy it.
I'm good with this.
lol not noticing that Obama is more popular than he's ever been right now, like way to pitch the case to who, exactly?
Taco trucks on every street corner, 4 more years of Obama, fuck, Trump just keeps making the case for her
Me too
Taco trucks on every corner.
Don't forget the taco trucks!
We need more tacos. Tacos are tasty.
That would be my ideal scenario.
He says it like its a bad thing
First things first, fantastic job by Chris Wallace tonight. Heard actual policy and ad hominems were kept to a minimum for the most part.
Hillary won this one easily. Trump made so many odd comments, but saying he will keep us in suspense with if he will accept the results of the election? What the fuck? Chris Wallace was great tonight though, kept everything under control and kept the audience from getting riled up.
Wallace seemed like he kinda let it stray a bit in the final topic or two but it honestly could have been much worse. I think he did a fine job.
"He mocked a disabled reporter, he mimicked them on live telev-" *"Wrong."*
I'm confused, isn't 'ripping a baby out of the womb 3, 4 days before birth" just a cesarean section?
I was an abortion! EDIT - Shit, that's a Sarah Silverman joke. There was an episode on her show where there's a little girl who's heavily implied to be a 9th month abortion of hers. Sorry Silverman fans, I stole a joke from her.
You're like Charlie from It's Always Sunny. You survived the abortion.
Between you and Trump, you are not the one confused on this issue
Yep. There's no such a thing as voluntary abortion in the third trimester. Either it's a medical emergency or its straight up a malpractice
Hillary really should have called him out specifically on that. I think she said that's not how that works but wish it was more like you said.
"I'd raise taxes on the wealthy [...] on Trump too, assuming he doesn't find some way to get out of it" "Such a nasty woman!" Ahahahahahahahahaha
Thanks for providing context to that comment. What Hillary said was savage!
I choked on my beer at that comment. "Hillary, stop, he has children!"
Him not accepting the result of the election is honestly fucking terrifying. Like, violence inducing to some of his supporters.
Maybe I'm just ignorant about this, but why is his not willing to accept the result of the election such a big deal? So what... come the election, if he loses, he's going to be a sore loser? It's not like he can do anything about it if he loses. I'm just not sure why this is a big deal — and I'm not trying to say it's okay, I just simply don't understand it.
So basically, one of the pillars of American Democracy that separates it from many other countries is that when the election is over, it's over. The loser concedes, we begin the process of healing, and the fact that the candidates at the top can make up and drop their differences helps the supporters do the same thing. You see in a lot of other countries where this is NOT a tradition issues with violence after elections, militias, riots, etc. We don't have those after our election. Trump has a LOT of power right now, and other candidates with his power voluntarily relinquish that power post-election. It's a selfless act we expect of all candidates. He has the power, by not accepting it, to cause a lot of major problems - including mass rioting, violence, etc.
Damn, I never thought about that. I guess that makes sense why, in a concession speech, the loser typically asks America to support their new president. While I don't think it would come to war (that would be craziness), I can understand why that would be a concern. Thanks for the explanation.
Yeah. One of the things we admire most about George Washington was that he established peaceful transitions of power. There were no term limits and he could have effectively become a king, but he peacefully stepped down after two terms (setting the precedent). Someone mocking the peaceful transition of power is spitting in the face of something that has been happening since the beginning of our country.
Well, actually, the election that began the peaceful transition of power was that of 1800, the mudslinging campaign between Adams and Jefferson, and so on. Yet at the end of the day, the fact that Adams relinquished the presidency, without riot or disturbance, helped pave the way for our 200 years of peaceful transitions. Donald Trump is a direct and detestable challenge to that great democratic and republican tradition.
No problem. This is something they are big on in high school civics classes but I have never thought I'd see it actually become an issue in a real election, it's always been just a sort of given that we WANT the healing that we get after a majorly contested, bitter, and hard fought election.
Don't be black in a state that allows anyone to challenge any voter.
Nah, he is an oddball, but I dont think it'll go that far. Maybe he will keep the controversy alive until the electoral college votes
We'll see....
I've been wondering if there would be violence if Hilary wins. I'm starting to think there would be and he would encourage it
They've already foiled a plot by militiamen to detonate a bomb the day after the election in Kansas at a housing complex where Somalis live and worship. “They chose the target location based on their hatred of these groups, their perception that the people represent a threat to American society, a desire to inspire other militia groups, and a desire to ‘wake people up.’ ” http://mobile.nytimes.com/2016/10/15/us/kansas-bomb-plot-arrest-somali.html
Best case, he was saying that he'll wait for election results and to see if there is evidence of poll manipulation. And that's a *very* lenient interpretation of "We'll see." Worst case, he's going to incite riots the day after election day.
That's only treason. So yeah. Cool.
So glad i'm voting by mail. I don't want to think of how the polls will be with some of his supporters
The polls will probably be fine. The real unrest will come when the election ends.
It probably won't be that bad, I'm going to vote live and I'm not worried. There might be a problem at a couple of locations but there are dozens of thousands of polling places across the country.
As a Hispanic male with parents as naturalized citizens, that's my biggest fear.
As a non-american who can't vote to keep this dangerous person / possible next hitler from coming to power, please, vote.
I've lived in the US for almost 8 years as a permanent resident, and until now I've had no interest in becoming a citizen. This election really got me thinking that I probably should. But then I think about how one vote doesn't really matter if you're in a "sure" state. Stupid electoral college.
If I have no choice but to vote personally, I will. :)
I'm looking forward to "A lot of people are talking about an armed resistance. I'm not saying it should happen, but a lot of very good people are saying it should happen...so we'll see."
more than that, he thinks it's funny. he thinks it's something to be cheeky about
They're gunna take him to the cleaners over that. I can hear them raking him over the coals from here
To me the closing statement section really summed up the election. Whether she means to act on her promises or not, Hillary really acted like a leader and gave a message of inclusion and unity. Trump started his statement with an attack, then continued to fear monger and advocate more division in our society. As an undecided voter, I think this debate settled my indecision. Also shoutout to Chris Wallace. Very professional moderator who was able to keep reasonable control over the debate and who tried his best to focus on real campaign issues. *Edit: I should clarify that I was undecided in the sense that I hadn't made my final decision until tonight. I've leaned away from Trump for a while now, but I tried to keep an open mind, especially because there are issues I don't agree with Hillary on. I decided to wait it out and pass my final judgement once the debates were over.
Can I ask, were you undecided between Trump or Hillary? Or between voting/not voting? I ask because I'd be really interested to hear how someone could be undecided between these two candidates for this long.
Sure! To rehash what I said earlier, I wasn't actually undecided between Trump and Clinton, but rather between Clinton and Johnson. I disliked Hillary's policies, but I disliked Trumps much, much more. I wanted to show my discontent for both parties by voting Libertarian, but I also worried that third party votes might help Trump. Tonight's debate convinced me of two things: the chances of a Trump presidency must be lowered at all costs, and that I might be comfortable with a Hillary presidency the same way I am comfortable with Obama's (I disagree a lot on his foreign policy, but overall he's been a decent president.) Moreover, Gary Johnson scared me a bit with his "Aleppo moments."
> As an undecided voter I don't believe you.
Ya got me. *Formerly* undecided voter.
Well played, Troika, well played.
I have respect for undecided voters. If someone wants to take the time to study all the multitude of issues and events of the campaign before choosing, that's fine. Even if one candidate is an unqualified buffoon, if you haven't done the homework on Hillary you might just believe Fox and think she's also bad.
Undecided voter at this point just means you like the idea of being courted. This shit is obvious, woman up.
Isn't that the idea of representative democracy?
No reason to talk down to undecideds. There are a myriad of reasons why people could not have their minds made up, and being shitty about it doesn't help.
My indecision was actually over Johnson and Clinton, but after watching the debates I realized preventing a Trump presidency was more important than making a third party statement. Also, Johnson's Aleppo comments really turned me off from him.
Best moderator this election IMO.
Big respect for finally deciding. I think we all have concerns about Hillary, but realistically only one of these two people can actually do the job of "president".
> As an undecided voter How could you not have already at least have made your mind a little?
I'm not who you were replying to, but for me, I don't think either one would make a great leader and I was going into tonight hoping for Mrs. Clinton to say something, anything that would make voting for her palatable. Since I don't live in a swing state, I'm most likely going to leave the president field blank and vote the rest of the downticket and propositions.
I'm writing in Bernie. Still the best candidate.
He straight up said don't do that
It's not his choice.
So you're wasting your influence on the election completely? Surely you can find a reason why one candidate is preferable for our country over another.
I think that voting for either would be legitimizing a poor decision for America. Plus, like I said, my state is I'm no way a swing state. I am however voting on downticket races and propositions.
So since you don't live in a swing state it's someone else's responsibility to prevent a disastrous candidate from taking office? Sorry, but that logic doesn't fly for me. That's a classic "tragedy of the commons, someone else will take care of it for me" attitude.
How do you suggest I prevent either disastrous candidate from taking office? If I believed either was any better I would give them my vote but I honestly dont. Both have what I consider deal breakers in terms of both temperament, experience and policy.
Seriously... I was never going to vote Clinton (I had planned to abstain from a vote) but after the first debate my mind was absolutely made up that I needed to vote for her. Sure the email stuff is sketch, but it's nothing compared to the fear I feel when I imagine Trump as our president.
> Whether she means to act on her promises or not, Hillary really acted like a leader and gave a message of inclusion and unity. Agreed. And the nice thing about presidents is they're up for re-election-- come four years down the line you can always decide whether she's at least tried her best to keep her promises, and if not, you can support a primary candidate or even a general election challenger (assuming the Republicans have unfucked themselves (lol)).
In the ABC post-debate discussion, most of the heads said Wallace was the winner. This election is so crazy.
As a moderate who doesn't really like either candidate, I'd vote for Wallace.
Big takeaway: Donald is going to "keep us in suspense" on whether he'll accept the election results. And he doesn't want anyone knowing he was born in Queens.
> keep us in suspense YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED TO KEEP ANYONE IN SUSPENSE, DONALD, BECAUSE YOU DON'T GET TO JUDGE!
Nothing on environmental issues yet again. This is a big issue and it keeps getting overlooked in the debates.
People don't give a shit about climate change. This debates for people.
Because one party would like us to believe there aren't any environmental issues. It's a "liberal issue."
And if I'm not mistaken the war on drugs was overlooked as well.
Either side is going to sell off the environment to the corporations.
[deleted]
well yes, but not in the American political theatre (words chosen carefully)
nothing on new tech either
Trump's desire to cut the EPA and FDA are some of his most damning positions to those who actually care. Just look at Trump's plan to create jobs. REMOVE emission regulations to take some $4 an hour Foxconn jobs from China. So the children of the poor receive brain damage unless they have the money to move to healthier locations. China is a glimpse at Trump's desired future, where for example, there has been [mass diagnosis of cancer at a Changzhou high school](http://qz.com/663834/thousands-of-chinese-students-are-now-studying-on-a-toxic-campus-that-might-cause-cancers/) due under-regulated emissions. Trump cares about himself and profits, and no serious thought goes into how it influences the health of the society in the long-term. Simple minded people like simple answers. Destroy commons resources like air and water so CEOs can bump up their profits and compete with China who has already destroyed theirs.
That's because no one is going to do anything about it. Sure, HRC will do more than Trump, but it will be far from adequate. To truly make any progress on said issues, all Americans would have to fundamentally alter their lifestyles and consumption patterns. Not gonna happen.
Idk. I can see her making Al Gore the head of the EPA
Because the environment is a lie invented by gyyyynnmnna
This was fox, they don't believe in climate change so it's not a problem
Hillary brought it up at all three debates.
I didn't hear global warming / climate change get brought up once. I really wanted to hear trump either: * Deny his denials * Double down on them.
I'm glad she went out of her way to mention it because it seems that's the only way the environment will make an appearance in these debates. I'm crushed that some idiot who thinks global warming is a Chinese hoax could even be considered as the POTUS.
It should be a moderated topic though
What more can Trump say about it being a hoax from the Chinese?
Agreed. That's the upsetting part
Didn't Ken Bone bring it up? Not to start up the meme again, but that was the only reason I liked him.
Yeah I wanna hear Trump call it a Chinese hoax again
Exactly. It's pointless for them to discuss it here because if this is an issue the voter cares about they already know who to vote for.
So get some implicit questions going. They already did it once at the debate: "Secretary Clinton, I want to pursue your plan. Because in many ways it is similar to the Obama stimulus plan in 2009, which has led to the slowest GDP growth since 1949." which *isn't true*. It's based on the idea that somehow the stimulus plan harmed the economy's recovery. Yet it's been investigated to death and the broad consensus is that Obama's stimulus plan helped the economy recover much faster than it would on its own. So, adapt that. Don't ask them the overly general and broad question of how would they deal with environmental issues. Ask how they would help coal miners adapt to a world that no longer needs their output. How do they plan to keep the pressure on China and India to stop polluting so much. Do you see natural gas as a stepping stone to clean energy or as a red herring that still generates carbon dioxide? Dig for specifics.
"No one has more respect for women than me" *30 minutes later* "Such a nasty woman"
You're not allowed to say anything bad about any woman anymore? Ridiculous.
at what point during any debates has clinton been nasty? she got a little bit stern during this one, but i would be irritated too if a big orange 10 year old man screamed over me and interrupted every word i said for two debates prior
God dammit I missed that!
Because one nasty woman represents entire gender, right?
I don't even think he realizes it at this point.
Clinton's responses were very specific, logical and informed. Trump's responses were mostly incoherent rambling, lies and insults. Trump is not qualified for the job.
That's how he operates, it's just surreal that he made it this far
It's a lot harder to get thrown out when you're born on 3rd base.
Yep. Scary to picture him speaking to other counties and heads of states with his rambling ADHD jargon. Yikes.
As a person with ADHD, don't compare us to him. I think most of us understand that when it matters, we take our time to focus on what we're doing as opposed to just rambling. It's harder for us if it's not an issue we are engaged with because our minds do wander, but at least for me personally that just means I speak more slowly and with greater emphasis on my choice of words, because I'm straining to stick to what I wanted to bring up.
45th President of the United States Hillary Rodham Clinton, ladies and gentlemen.
No.
Not until every vote is counted. And until we're positive it was not manipulated by either side. Recounts may be needed to satisfy both sides after the election. Vote manipulation is real. It occurs in other countries all the time and if it can occur there it could occur here as well.
How is it not, honestly?
Well for one, the voting hasn't occured.
Fair point, but also early voting has begun.
Well we might as well crown her already then right?
\o/
A worthy successor to Pres Obama (56% approval rating) clearly, watching the debate.
Hello, Madame President! Gods that has a beautiful ring to it!!! One-two punch for our country: our first black President followed by our first woman President. We're doing something right!!!!
Please go out and vote regardless
Dan Rather's response to tonight's debate - https://www.facebook.com/theDanRather/posts/10157591753660716
Brilliant analysis.
> Trump may not agree to abide by the results of the election. But hopefully the rest of the country can act with a bit more maturity and decency. That is how a gentleman delivers a sick burn.
Can we all agree that live crowds behind political discussion segments is a horrible idea?
Yup
Think it is the same loudass that keeps going between CNN and MSNBC. Sounds like the same tool.
Trump basically said his ego is more important than American democracy. That should surely bury him.
Just watch his poll numbers go up. Seriously, though, I've seen too many "burying" moments with Trump. Forgive me if I'm a little jaded.
He said no such thing.
And that he's better than Ronald Reagan.
He lost all 3 debates, he is down by double digits, and there are only 20 days until the election. There is almost no chance of a comeback. He is so fucked
Only time will tell. I love watching everyone so smug about their hero candidate. Half of American is gonna be so upset come November 9th
I love how at the last minute, finally realizing this shit matters, he held a mock debate. And still got his ass handed to him.
We still gotta vote
But he and his supporters still think they have it in the bag and that only (nonexistent) dastardly inner city voter fraud could steal the election away...
Will only make the tears sweeter
They'll be in denial, they'll think that the election was stolen. So they'll sill think for the rest of their lives that he should have won, but that it was somehow stolen from him.
Chinese steel moment was brutal af. Great zinger. Reminds me of the Obama "because I won both" line.
between that and the Bin Laden comment, total savage
It worked. Every time he mentioned jobs going overseas, I thought...Chinese steel.
And concrete from the capo de capos.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2oGMV7H7z4I
The lesson from this is that Obama would have annihilated Trump
Four more years...oh :(
I'm really glad Trump is such a joke. It seems recently like he read Dictatorship 101 and is trying to check the boxes. Shift all blame onto current ruling power? Check. Develop hatred towards a scapegoat minority? Check. Develop a cult of personality, and claim to be the only possible savior to the people's problems? Check. Call political system into question to lend legitimacy to insurrection and government takeover? Check. Good thing he's such an asshat. If he were extremely likeable, attractive, and well spoken, this year could have been the death of democracy in America.
There was just a murder on live tv
Abortion
It was definitely a suicide
Ripping out babies!
Somebody call Sean Hannity!
Yeah she killed him
Chris Wallace wasn't taking ANYBODY'S shit today. I swear to god he told the crowd to shut up 6 times.
honestly, i knew this one would be decent when i heard he was moderating it. i'm a liberal, but anderson cooper, i mean, come on.
This might go down as the most one-sided presidential debate in history. Hilary's best performance in my opinion. I think the polls will make some huge moves in the next couple days. Trump embarrassed himself tonight.
Nah, the first one was even worse for Trump, IMO.
His best performance too, by a country mile. It was still fucking atrocious though.
Yeah, can't believe he lost that badly.
>he lost that *bigly*
Trump just managed to come third in a debate with two people.
He seems pretty satisfied with how it went. This dude is so out of touch with reality, I'm embarrassed for him. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/788937644642213888
Aw, he's almost proud of himself. It's kinda sad to think that maybe this really is him doing his best, and it's just that Hillary is so much more capable than him and its like a bicycle trying to race against a Blackbird.
Well to be fair, he did try to debate Wallace.
Fourth, if we count the audience, fifth if we count everyone facepalming at home.
Well, I think Wallace performed far better than him.
That's..just sad really
I know I felt he came in fourth behind the ghost of Reagan.
Trump was really low energy. Sad!
Sad!
Hey. Wallace earned that silver medal.
Well, he started debating Chris Wallace on the condition of Aleppo and Chris Wallace won so... I bet none of you guys had that on your bingo sheet. Edited Chris Wallace's name from George because I'm an idiot. In all fairness I just spent half of a 90 minute debate listening to Trump and some of it may have rubbed off.
Chris Wallace
You could have mistaken him for Marsellus Wallace.
If is spray tan gets any darker shade of orange, that statement could be factual.
He definitely looks like a bitch, so he's half way there.
I think trump agrees with a lot of what George Wallace would say
I just imagined a debate between trump and George Wallace.... That sounds horrible...
No but I drank anyway.
*Chris Wallace
*William Wallace
Where's Wallace?!
\*David Wallace
Gromit and Wallace
I think Gromit would make the better moderator.
This debate would have been more balanced.
Of all the Freudian slips!
You couldn't see it, but famed comedian George Wallace was sitting right behind the moderator.
And the successor to Alabama Governor George Wallace was wearing a red tie on the debate podium.
So Trump's usual mixture of vague fairy-tale type comments, insults, and a new scary thing of not accepting the election results.... This guy is ineligible to run for class president
It's too bad Hillary's "He choked." comment will be overshadowed. It was brilliant. For a guy who acts so tough he was too scared to bring up his wall to the Mexican president.
But you can almost tell that was the moment something in his head snapped. After that remark his arguments and demeanor went completely downhill
Yeah. I was waiting for her to insult him and watch him get 'high energy'. Not let down!
That and the puppet comment, the dude just has no gravitas. Any time he hears a bark, he has to bark right back. Poser.
Donald Trump: "I didn't even apologize to my wife" about video, allegations Melania Trump: "He apologized to me, we are moving on." Sources: http://i.imgur.com/aXptISV.png
Trump: "Dammit, stop remembering my words!"
Good catch.
I was scrolling the live feed, and the two articles were right in a row.
Anderson Cooper pointed that out too
In this case, I actually think that Trump is telling the truth. I can't imagine him apologizing to his wife, ever.
"While you were doing Celebrity Apprentice, we were going after Bin Laden." Holy shit.
So he - as a private citizen - should have been going after Bin Laden? I didn't know that's how things worked in the US; interesting.
So if I'm hiring somebody for a position and one candidate has 20 years of experience over the other, I shouldn't consider that because the other candidate was still in high school or in a completely different field?
Exactly.
Sorry, but if I'm hiring you to weld something, I'd like some proof you have welded before.
I have some soldering experience if that counts? I'd love to make welding great again.
Just shows his lack of experience
I think the idea is that one person on the stage has some idea of what the job entails. The other one is a reality TV star.
I mean it could have easily turned on her with "While I was building a company; you were keeping sexual predators out of jail" but that quote never happened.
Was that at about the time he lost a billion dollars?
Either there or sometime shortly after his father gave him $14 million to play business with.
Clinton didn't go after anybody.
So wait, was she or wasn't she responsible for foreign policy as Secretary of State? Because if you're going to blame her for Benghazi, then you kind of have to give her credit for the Bin Laden raid.
Ofc she is to blame for Benghazi. And she doesn't deserve credit for killing bin laden. Intelligence services and special forces can take credit for that and Obama for giving the green light.
Ahhh the doublespeak 4d chess move. Got it.
Jfc. Savage.
While I was President and doing a White House Correspondence Dinner and actually in ops to kill Bin Laden" It wasn't during his taping of Celebrity Apprentice... Obama showed his amazing restraint that the same night and near hour Obama was joking with Trump, that Obama's joke about "being kept late at night" because of the fact he, Obama, at a black tie dinner, being cordal, yet in the background he same night osama went down. Seriously, you'd think with the comparative reactions that Trump was sad for Bin laden
I honestly was so disgusted with the "RIP the baby out in the 9th month, the last day" comment that I had to turn the debate down to background noise. I don't have a sensitive disposition or anything like that, but fuck off, that's so wrong and doesn't happen!
do you know what a late term abortion looks like? they carve up the baby chopping its limbs off then squash its head and pull it out.
Well hey, at least that baby is going to Abortion heaven
If you're missing your /s, you might want to add it. If you think what DJT was talking about actually happens, you might want to do ***EVEN THE BASIC FUCKING BARE MINIMUM OF RESEARCH***. What he said was so wrong it's fucking unfathomable. It's like saying 1+1=45. What he was describing literally DOES NOT HAPPEN. Period. Even the term "Partial Birth Abortion" was just propagandist terminology from the right to try and argue against abortions in the first place. It's an incredibly inaccurate term to the procedure.
http://clinicquotes.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/de.jpg
That's second trimester, not late term. Posting that image in this context was colossally stupid.
That's a 23 week D&E (clearly labeled) that does not do anything Trump said.
Late term abortions are very rare and only done in cases where the baby has already died in the womb or will die at first breath due to horrific birth defects.....and they induce labor ...they don't tear the baby. The poor mom has to deliver a stillborn baby. Educate yourself .... It happened to my friend. Her baby stopped growing and had many birth defects. He was already dying They induced labor and she got to hold him for several hours...he was born deceased. It was beyond traumatic for her.
I'm sorry for your friend, I also have a friend who had to deliver what was known to be a stillborn at 8 months and almost 40 years later is still traumatized. Her daughter, as it happened, had to have her desperately wanted 2nd pregnancy terminated at 5.5 months because it hadn't developed lungs and would die. Her husband had to have chemo for testicular cancer and is now sterile, so they can't have any more children together. And some fucked up ignorant assholes out there are going to say they should have carried those babies to term? Are we living in the Middle Ages?
They need a new term besides late term abortion because it's not at all what it sounds like and the pro lifers cling to it thinking it is some barbaric abortion done to a otherwise plump normal bouncing baby and it's not. Any woman who has carried her pregnancy that far and has to make the choice to be induced to end the pregnancy is not making that decision lightly and usually the decision is made for her by no fault of her own.
And yet people blame the mothers for this. It's the worst thing they could possibly go through.
Because there are laws against it... The point was that HRC wants to abolish those laws, making that sort of thing possible. You can fact check if you'd like, she says on The View that late term abortions should be legal and that she doesn't view the child as a person until the day it is born. The existing laws, even before Roe v. Wade, allow for medically necessary abortions for the mother's health. Her stance is ghoulish.
I honestly hadn't heard that stance of her policy. I, admittedly, don't keep track as much as I should. Is this specifically in a "we can save the mother, or we can save the baby, but not both" situation? Or as a generality, are you saying Hilary supports women having abortions up to the "last day" the baby is in the womb?
The existing laws, **even before Roe v. Wade**, account for threats to the mother's health. What she suggests would only open the door for **voluntary** late-term abortions. She is on video, The View I believe, saying that until the child is born it isn't considered a person and has no constitutional rights.
Have you heard of a caesarean section? Late term abortions rarely happen and when they do its when the baby is going to be a still born, or have horrific health consequences and die shortly after leaving the womb. Please, do some research.
You could use research yourself. Laws already exist, **even before Roe v Wade**, that allow for abortions due medically necessary procedures. The only thing her stance changes is allowing **voluntary** late-term abortions. I didn't hear her mention once legislation allowing for termination due to major complications with the fetus. I would agree with that exception. I actually disagree with both candidates on the issue. I like Roe v Wade, there should be a period before the fetus is viable that it isn't considered a human and a period after where it is. Both candidates go too far in opposite directions.
For the mother's health. Why is that ghoulish?
> The existing laws, **even before Roe v. Wade**, allow for medically necessary abortions for the mother's health. Her stance only opens the door to **voluntary** late-term abortions, the medically necessary abortions are already legal and have been for some time. How is that not ghoulish? Edit: I'm moderately pro-choice. Voluntary abortions should be legal early on, there should definitely be a period where the growing child isn't considered a person. On the flip-side, there should definitely be a period of time where the growing child is considered a person. To wait until birth is abhorrent.
Right so what you aren't grasping is under the current law, stillborn children HAVE TO BE BIRTHED IF THEY ARE NO (MEDICAL) THREAT TO THE MOTHER. Do you not understand how frigging **horrific** that is? To be **forced** by law to carry a **dead** baby to term, to go through birthing or cesarean, to have a baby that you had been told had already died, just because you aren't in medical need of it? I don't think you quite grasp the trauma that this causes.
The thing is I agree with you in theory, I just don't think there's many situations where that's happening outside of a medical issue. No one is like "oh oops the baby just kicked, better go schedule my abortion now." Her wanting to loosen the restrictions seems to be more about it being the woman's body/choice and trusting women to make the right decision for themselves. Personally, I probably wouldn't get a late-term abortion, but I'm not female, so this isn't an issue I'll ever have to deal with firsthand. I trust that others out there understand the gravity of their choice and don't make it lightly though.
I missed that bit. What was he talking about?
He was saying that's what Hilary wants to do. Which is absurd. He was comparing late term abortions when the mother is at a high health risk to Hillary wanting to rip babies out the last moment before birth.
Isnt that just C Section?
Trump has 5 kids. Were any of them born by c-section, or did he make the mothers go through a natural birth because ripping out the babies is bad?
You mean you haven't heard about all those times that women have had elective partial-birth abortions one second before the baby was going to be born?
It does happen. A lot. Especially if the mother's life is at risk. It's called a c-section it's how I and my niece were born. It probably saved our lives and those of our mothers. Trump is a moron.
That non-answer on accepting results is gonna go over rough for the next 48 hours
Kayleigh is acting like a lowkey racist. You really dont understand why calling an immigrant a "bad hombre" is a bad idea?
Yea she's a fucking idiot. I would want to fuck the idiocy out of her b/c she's very cute.
Isn't he calling bad illegal immigrants bad hombres and not ALL immigrants...?
And you don't see the issue with this?
I dont see an issue with calling law breakers law breakers. Do you?
I'd say blatant
She's paid to be an idiot.
She does her job well.
**ONLY** 6 points behind. WOMAN, do you realize 6 points is a fucking massacre ?
Nope apparently they think that means Trump is super duper close. After all its only 6%. Its not like 66% that would be big.
Obama won 2012, 332 electorates with around a 4 point lead.
And 2008 was a 7.2% lead in popular vote.
Oh, she knows. The problem is, her target audience certainly does *not*
It was a depressing night and a disgraceful display from Trump. There are some positives; Hillary was exceptional, surgical, and it's easy to imagine her doing well as President. And Trump went into a debate he had to win and lost very badly. There is nothing that can save him now, no deus ex machina springing from Wikileaks, no... I can't even imagine what anyone could think could stop Hillary from winning now. Nearly over.
Agree with your summary. I for one like that she prepares for things..
Honestly, though, it would have taken Clinton to pass out or collapse on stage in order to swing the polls.
It is pretty pathetic that Republicans had 17 candidate many of them qualified and intelligence and essentially picked the frat boy who thinks thousands of nuclear warheads isn't enough lol
If they had only three or four, they wouldn't have had the problem. Fuckers got greedy. They all figured that the election was in the bag for an R, and they all wanted the fame.
Even then though most of the states were Trump Cruz Rubio Kasich 2 of which are very viable electable candidates and the Republican base went "Fuck it lets just punt this election to the Democrats we do not know how to govern"
Hillary murdering someone on live television while explaining that if elected she will hunt down and kill every single person who voted for her in ever more horrible ways.
I'd admire her thoroughness and attention to detail. I'd feel like she's a politician who will keep her promises. She's got my vote!
Can't believe he called her "a nasty woman". When she was answering on the economy. He isn't right the head, seriously there is something wrong with him.
That CNN panelist convinced me. I'm not voting for Al Gore.
Thanks for the chuckle +1
Just a reminder: **please vote!!!!!!!**
["Mr. Trump, will you accept the results of the election?"](http://cosmouk.cdnds.net/15/33/1600x800/landscape-1439733910-donald-trump-shrugging.jpg)
I honestly don't know whether this is photoshopped to make his hands look small or not
Just wait he'll go on twitter or a rally and continue with the rigging.
"It depends on whether I win or not."
The thing I find the most disconcerting, is the lack of accountability that Donald has shown throughout these debates. He has consistently shown that he will not take responsibility for any of his statements, even when they have the potential to incite violence--in regards to his cries of voter fraud. His rhetoric is dangerous. Words have power, and as much as people hate the it, Donald Trump has significant support amongst a good percentage of voters. This incendiary rhetoric cannot be tolerated as it undermines the foundations of our democracy. All I can say is that I hope the American people saw the enormous disparities between the two candidates tonight. Just as in the two previous presidential debates beforehand, it is clear that these two candidates have not only two very different ideas of American progress, but two very different realities. While Hillary Clinton has had trouble with her public image and appearing transparent, she is undoubtedly the only candidate with policy positions founded upon empirical research, and that is fit to lead this nation. I have faith that the American public will make the right decision.
compared to Hillary voting to invade Iraq and then when it became obvious that it was what sunk her in 2008 she tried to claim it was a vote to 'get the IAEA inspectors back into iraq'? they're both deathly allergic to accountability.
The moment I loved most from the debate was when he interrupted Hillary with a "wrong" statement and she immediately pivoted the sentence to include "and listen to the audio recordings of him saying it". The man is delusional, you can't just deny something that factually, provably without any room for error, happened.
Except when it happens, and then 35-45% of the country will vote for you anyway. This election is something else.
> I have faith that the American public will make the right decision. Don't have too much faith my friend. I didn't worry about Trump being crowned Emperor at first. And then Brexit happened. Now I'm worried. Never underestimate the power of idiots in large groups.
As an undecided I feel I have to vote for Hillary after that mess. Trump looked like he was 5 and someone took his candy.
I like how he started to go red and melt towards the end.
YES!!!! I love this comment. Make it a sticky!
[baby Trump](http://starecat.com/content/wp-content/uploads/putin-holding-baby-donald-trump-photoshopped-painting.jpg)
\o/
I was honestly a little nervous for the first 10 minutes. Trump was doing alright, mostly sticking to his talking points, responding to questions, and not flying off the handle. The bar has been set so low for him that if he kept that up he would have been seen as the winner. Then he reverted to his usual self and melted down.
Saying the words "that nasty woman" and then saying he wouldn't accept the election results just made him looking like even more of a rapist jackass than his usual self. Those two things alone cost him the debate, well that an not being able to give a cogent answer after the first 20 minutes.
He's done this every debate. He can stay well composed and polite for 15 minutes tops. Then he can't help himself, his attention span loosens, his temper raises, he starts interrupting and insulting Hillary, and spouting nonsense. Every time. He didn't disappoint.
So mocking disabled people is okay because he mocks other people? Shit
Lord is a sleazebag.
Equal opportunity mocking!
The Job of trump spin team members is not easy.
CNN's debate on political correctness is really interesting. I love Van Jones take on it about civility and the response to offended peoples
Loved it. It used to be about civility. "Political correctness" has become a meaningless buzzword for people who don't want to accept that there's some things that aren't acceptable to say
exactly!!
Van Jones has been phenomenal this cycle
Trump hasn't won a scientific post-debate poll this election.
Facts have a liberal bias. SAD
Chris Wallace: "Your closing statement Mr. Trump" DT:"We form alliances to win at trade, but in this election, we need to talk about a very serious, important issue: packs of stray wild dogs that control most of the cities in North America. Remember, stray dogs are not your friend. However, if you see one, walk right up to it and lay down." "If it starts to sniff you, that's a good sign. If it begins to bite, you're in trouble, friend. Grab a pole.
> packs of stray wild dogs that control most of the cities in North America https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=keP4MBI1taY
How any steel worker could vote for him, I don't know. He admits to buying Chinese steel, and says someone should have stopped him? What a great commitment to American workers.
he's admitting that he can't be trusted and needs a baby sitter at all times.
"Well if I was in office I would have stopped me from doing that". Literally lol'd.
All of his amazing businesses that produce such bigly products, not one of them made in the US, and Chinese steel is the breaking point?
His point is (or at least should be) that businesses would have been fools not to take advantage of these type of things.
That's great. If he's taking advantage of it then he has no business claiming it's wrong and should be stopped. How can anyone trust him when he claims to be looking out for American workers when his track record says he won't hesitate to screw them over if a good deal comes along?
Business and corporations exist to earn a profit. If they can maximize profits while operating within the law then they have for me nothing wrong. I'm not advocating trump but he was in no position to change the laws and in every position to benefit from them as a business owner. I think his entire campaign is basically riding on the fact that he has an intricate knowledge of things that are business related. While that's all he really seems to have a knowledge of, he can absolutely claim he wants to change the same things that benefited him at one point.
He has an intricate knowledge of how to screw over American workers, and no issue whatsoever with doing it. Why would he ever change something his companies can continue to benefit from? It's hilariously/frighteningly naive of people to think that way. He may not run those companies if he were in office, but you're delusional if you think he won't be doing everything in his power to ensure they're profitable, American workers be damned. He's a con man, and he's become really brazen about showing his hand lately, because people eat up whatever shit he spouts.
Agreed
But if he's truly patriotic AND a billionaire, he would have stuck to his convictions.
Trump: [unintelligible speech] Clinton: Let me translate that if I can Trump: You can't
yeah, I gave a hearty chuckle at that
Nobody can.
Can we agree this moderator was actually really fucking good? Fact checked both of them and brought up unsavory topics on both candidates. It was great to see he kept it neutral by going after both.
Yeah, he was okay. Way better than the other ones who were obviously in the tank for Clinton.
I agree. I actually felt like in the last debate Cooper was being too obviously biased. In this one the moderator was really quite fair. I wish he would have shut down Trump more when he was talking too long or interrupting. But overall he didn't let Trump slide on his bullshit like I was expecting.
He was legit awesome. Very pleased.
Like it matter - he straight up told Trump he was wrong about Aleppo - the guy still refuse to admit it
When he told Trump that he was telling viewers/Americans that. What mattered was that he fact checked Trump and got people to see his reply. He did the best he could as the moderator. He can't forcefully get Trump to change his mind or retract his statements.
Yeah, that's exactly what I want to see in all of the debates.
He needed to not let them ramble. Clinton kept talking over Trump when he told her to shut up and let Trump keep talking when he VERY CLEARLY said not to. That's the only problem with a debate like this, though: you cannot PHYSICALLY make them stop talking, so you're bound by them actually listening to you, which never seems to happen.
You could always cut the mic.
Well there is a tradition of having some "open discussion" to get candidates off their memorized speeches.
He asked too many questions that were stump speech staples. He could have asked questions that were not part of their stump speeches.
Have to agree. I didn't expect that from fox news, but it seemed pretty impartial. Both were asked some tough questions.
I was terrified when I heard "Fox News" looking into this debate, but I looked into him ahead of time and I wasn't surprised when I saw him do an excellent job moderating. He's got a strong sense of journalistic ethics.
Shilling for /r/the_meltdown again. You've seen it live on stage, now save the date for the grand finale.
Subbed!
Can't recommend sub any better for the coming drama.
Subbed, one of the best ideas I've seen this political season
Remember folks. Trump voters vote on November 28th
CNN killing him for his refusal to concede. That was the end of the campaign.
CNN has been slamming him anyway. Honestly, after finding out that Hillary has been instigating riots, I don't think the right should concede regardless.
Everyone should be appalled by that.
Don't forget, the whole system is rigged against him
You know, I was extremely pissed off at the final days of the ballot counting in Florida in 2000. I still feel that the system was rigged against Gore and that he had a valid argument to dispute the results of the election. Rather than do what I wanted, which would have cast serious doubt on the validity of our democracy, Gore had the balls to concede to help bring our country together under a new president.
Then we got Bush.
I dunno. His supporters are eating that 'it's all rigged' shit up.
But that doesn't move him from being behind in the polls. You can't win an election by doubling down on the base you already have.
Oh yeah, for certain.
Shepherd smith just did as well on fox.
I don't like Wallace. I detest his views and his commentary on Fox News, but he was a fair moderator for this debate. He asked substantive questions to both candidates and tried to keep the debate controlled.
He was very tough and very fair. I was impressed.
Gotta love Chris Wallace closing off by calling America great.
I didn't know who he was before this, but he was a legit great mod
"Mr. Trump, should you lose, will you rule out staging a coup?" "I'll keep you in suspense."
Scary.
I don't like suspense, motherfucker!
Trump refused to say that he would abide by the election results, this from a man who has claimed everything in life that hasn't gone his way was due to the system being rigged against him, this is unprecedented, extremely dangerous and reckless.
EXACTLY. He's going to trigger some nuts in the far right to do some crazy shit when he loses.
CNN analysts said it best by saying "he's a disgrace" in regards to not accepting the outcome of the election.
It was kinda amazing to watch Trump at every debate start composed and calm then blow his top the moment Hillary baits him then start ranting about ISIS, Immigrants and saying everything is rigged.
No you're a towel
I really don't know what this means
He blew his top by saying "no you're a puppet" - reference to south park.
Ok, so I live in Ohio. I just saw an ad for the Sheriff's election. What's his pitch? I'll stop illegal immigrants. From where, Kentucky?
\>70% of people disagree with Trump's immigration plan, hilariously
Also looking like Cali, Arizona, and New Mexico-3 of 4 Mexican border states-are going for Clinton.
Damn underground railroad...
To be fair, I wouldn't want anyone from Kentucky in my state.
For all the jokes about Kentucky, West Virginia is far worse.
"I'll profile the shit out of brown people!"
It's ironic, because I live in an area with California with a ton of immigrants, legal and otherwise, and you NEVER see Sheriffs running with this promise. It's like the fewer illegal immigrants there are, the scarier it is.
> It's like the fewer illegal immigrants there are, the scarier it is. You joke, but that's actually a thing. http://theconversation.com/hard-evidence-how-areas-with-low-immigration-voted-mainly-for-brexit-62138 Might not be the best source, but i grabbed the first thing on google. It was a study after Brexit (so, UK based), but it basically showed exactly that.
It's the same in Germany and I suspect in many but not all countries around the world.
Because they understand that local cops enforcing immigration laws winds up creating entire swaths of the town where people don't call the police when violent crime happens. People don't seem to realize that sanctuary cities aren't done for humanitarian reasons; they're done because if police can't rely on the communities they serve to assist them in enforcing the law, you wind up with lawlessness.
Clinton was on offense and I think she killed, with the obvious exception of the Pay-to-Play skirting
I thought she did well, didn't appreciate her trying to play off the WikiLeaks as false because they were orchestrated by Russia
well, the wikileaks dump has already been confirmed to have plants. any way you look at it, it's data from a russian hack, specifically orchestrated to destroy hillary, and to help trump. no matter what it reveals ( which has all been tame if not good for hillary ), taking advantage of the information puts your entire country at risk, as you basically just give a thumbs up to putin and encourage further attacks like that, next time it might even be the republicans getting hacked.
The thing is she can. Trump has literally become "The Boy who Cried Wolf" this election. Undecideds don't give a shit about Wikileaks because every other thing Trump claimed "exposed her" was a fucking joke.
I was surprised (as a Clinton supporter, both before now, and heading into the election) that she didn't even attempt to answer that question. She really did pivot straight to Russia. Again, I'm still a Clinton supporter, and Trump similarly dodged questions in this debate. He did multiple dumb, weird pivots, like going to Iran taking over Iraq in an unrelated question. She destroyed, but all it would have taken was one sentence for her to toughen up on that Clinton Foundation point. Oh well, Trump and the moderator didn't push too hard on the issue, so I guess it's a moot point. She got out of answering a potentially damaging issue and hit him really, really hard.
she talked about the clinton foundation's rating, aka that they've been vetted as legit. i don't know how she can directly answer that question without it being word for word, so she appealed to 3rd party.
Explaining that the organization is legit and does good work is a strong argument for why it shouldn't be shut down, and it demonstrates that she personally wasn't being enriched by foreign powers (not that any but the stupidest and most gullible could have legitimately thought that, even before she brought it up). But it didn't answer the question asked, which was "why were donor and non-donor requests processed separately, with donors seemingly privileged." That's a legitimate question, with few satisfactory answers. I don't think it's disqualifying, and I definitely don't think it's criminal, or traitorous, or whatever other adjectives Donald has used (oh yeah, "crooked"). But I would have liked to hear her response to that question, which she didn't give. I thought she gave an excellent performance overall, and I think this debate will tip the needle even a bit farther than it was already pointing. I was very impressed by her answers to other questions (even at two points I felt inspired by her, which is a new emotion for me in relation to her), and I was just noting that this was the flaw in the Persian rug, so to speak.
Trump was much more disciplined...for the first 35-40 minutes or so. Then it went off the rails for him. His worst moment? "Will you accept the results of the election?" "I will look at it at the time." You're a candidate for one of the major parties for the Presidency of the United States. You say "Yes". No matter what your true feelings are, *you say "Yes"*. Not sure she really had any bad/poor moments. Congrats, Madam President-Elect.
He should have just said yes that way he wasnt giving away his plan early like he was bashing others for.
I thought the part where he suggested our ISIS war strategy was a conspiracy to make Hillary Clinton look good was pretty off the rails, too. And destroyed any credibility his earlier conspiracy assertions about the rape accusations might have had. So he came off looking like a rapist nutter.
I'd have to say her worst moment was when she was asked about the emails and the Clinton Foundation. She was deflecting so much and I thought it looked bad on her part.
That was also when Chris Wallace cut her time short, and revealed some of his personal bias.
While you are right that she did not substantively answer that question, she pivoted toward Donald's foundation and the anecdote about the Trump portrait bought with charitable donations which put him on the defensive, and as result he forgot to push her on her non-answer
She stole money from Haiti. She is a despicable puppet.
The Breitbart comment section is thataway
I don't read that website, shill. I'd tell you where the sand is, but you've already got your pumpkin sized head buried in it.
Aw! Someone is feeling grumpy. Guess watching your boy get his ass handed to him for the 3rd time straight will do that. Just out of curiosity, do you call him daddy like the rest of those weird little cucks at The Donald?
Yeah that was awful. The problem is that there's an answer for policy-savvy people- State had to approve major donations; the Clintons hired people in both organizations, which makes sense but makes it a little weird; the vast majority of charitable donations come from wealthy private individuals and multinational companies that are, by their very fact of existing, going to have an interest in international trade and commerce- but explaining is losing, so she deflected.
There is no valid answer for the money missing from Haiti....other than she stole it.
Keep parroting InfoWars. When you decide to stop being deliberately obtuse, you can read this extensive fact-check based on actual evidence: https://www.factcheck.org/2016/10/pences-unsupported-haiti-claim/ Reminder: [Donald Trump is a lying sack of shit.](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/lists/people/comparing-hillary-clinton-donald-trump-truth-o-met/)
I don't watch infowars, kid. When you decide to wake up and realize you're a sleepy little sheep, walking like a blind lemming off a cliff due to reading and watching the MSM that spoonfeeds you lies, I'll be contemplating whether or not to save you from falling or allowing you to experience the consequences of being a dipshit.
[psh... nothing personal... kid](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/613/323/e2e.jpg)
Again, please show me facts that dispute what I posted that have been vetted by unbiased parties and aren't from crank blogs. I'm happy to wait. It seems like you know a lot about how multilateral disaster relief organizations function, so I expect really solid evidence.
Show me they are unbiased.
Have you also studied the blade?
No, I leave that to Otaku neckbeard cucks like yourself. After all, you need something to keep your girlfriends kids entertained while she gets railed by the bull, cuck.
What's the obsession with cucks? Projecting?
Holy shit dude. I crack a joke at you because you made a really neckbeardish comment and you go off on a really specific rant about cucks or some shit. You literally could not have proven my point any better.
Soooo... you're literally saying "wake up, sheeple"? 
Fair point.
also..."nasty woman"
She was taking a shot at him when he said it. Not that it matters...
Compared to the shit he has said, her comment was nowhere near nasty.
Calling her a "nasty woman" wasn't exactly a shining moment for him, but not saying flat-out that you will accept the results of the election no matter what they are undermines the entire electoral process. It plants the seeds of doubt in the minds of way too many of his voters. (As if there weren't already enough seeds of doubt planted....)
She is a nasty woman. A downright nasty evil bitch.
And your next president.
Doubtful, unless she cheats. There is no excitement surrounding her. Republican turnout is up 62% and Dems are down 24%. Obama won due to the youth voting turning out. They will not show up to the polls for Hillary. Hillary's campaign has been caught ON TAPE talking about rigging it with 'bussing" in people. This is their plan to win, and the only way to do it.
Hillary will win by a landslide. The only thing that gets people out to vote more than to support a candidate they love, its to spite a candidate they hate. It human nature. Outrage is a strong emotion. As you aware Im sure.
Counting your chickens before they hatch. Nov 8 is still a few weeks away
You are disconnected from reality. You ignore the results of a legitimate election by the majority of the American people at your own peril. If trump and his supporters don't accept the inevitable, true Americans will not take this attack on our democracy lying down.
He's going to contest the election. This isn't over until January.
And he'll be the only one. Everyone else knows how it'll end.
Contest how? Gore had an actual legit case and it was closed up December 12th.
He conceded the election
Dude, look up Bush v Gore. The Supreme Court ruling effectively ended any chance he had to win. LOL are you serious right now.
He still conceded. The Supreme Court ruling didn't decide the election. They ended the recount and then Gore conceded. Trump just said he isn't going to concede the election. It's a big difference
Again, that's not why Gore lost. After the Supreme Court ruling, the secretary of state of Florida proceeded to certify the state's winner as Bush. This allowed Florida's electoral votes to be cast in his name, and THAT is what decided the election. A concession is a tradition, but it has no basis in law. We don't decide elections by concession and never have, we decide them by the Electoral College (or the House barring an EC tie). Bush v Gore's ruling --> FL certifies Bush as winner --> FL EV votes go to Bush --> Bush wins. That's what happened. It's another case of Trump not understanding constitutional law, but apparently it's not just him, it's you and other citizens too.
No shit. I understand and witnessed what happened and how it works. But a concession allows for the peaceful transfer of power. A candidate screaming that the election was rigged and refusing to accept the results until the electoral college decides harms the fabric of our democracy.
Well if he wants to whine, he can. There isn't much we can do to stop it. My general point is that regardless of his whining, he doesn't have a legitimate case to create a constitutional crisis like 2000, he can just be a pain in the ass basically, which is exactly what we've come to expect. Do I think he should be better than that? Absolutely. But he's not, he's a sore loser. Never mind that this whole election is going to sincerely hurt his business, which he DOES care about. My favorite point about all this is the limited number of high level officials that are backing his claims of it being corrupt, like LePage, the governor of Maine. CNN thoughtfully pointed out the irony that it's essentially his job and his SecState who run the elections and have a duty to keep them not corrupt, so if anything, it's an indictment of their own competence, which is hilarious.
Trump really outdid himself of this one... instant classic >TRUMP: But I'd like to start off where we left, because when I said Japan and Germany, and I'm -- not to single them out, but South Korea, these are very rich, powerful countries. Saudi Arabia, nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately -- when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO. Why aren't the NATO questioned -- why aren't they paying? Because they weren't paying. Since I did this -- this was a year ago -- all of a sudden, they're paying. And I've been given a lot -- a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people, they have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO. But they have to pay up. She comes out and said, we love our allies, we think our allies are great. Well, it's awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea, we have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. >So my plan -- we're going to renegotiate trade deals. We're going to have a lot of free trade. We're going to have free trade, more free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed, NAFTA, one of the worst deals ever. Our jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at all of the places that I just left, you go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I am going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal -- then we're going to terminate NAFTA and we're going to create new deals. We're going to have trade, but we're going -- we're going to terminate it, we're going to make a great trade deal. And if we can't, we're going to do it -- we're going to go a separate way, because it has been a disaster. We are going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people. We're going to bring the $2.5 trillion ...that's offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again, because... right now, our country is dying at 1 percent GDP. >CLINTON: Well, let me translate that, if I can, Chris, because... >TRUMP: You can't.
I missed the first half hour. Was that a real transcript? He sounds like Grandpa Simpson.
She should have given the Billy Madison response to that... Missed opportunity for an eipic burn
It's true. You can't translate that which has no meaning.
I thought Trump was incoherent when watching the debate. Reading the transcript is a whole other level though.
It hurts to read.
[deleted]
It's like all of his arguments clumped into one giant blob.
Alphabet soup, really great alphabet soup, you're gonna love it, it'll be beautiful.
Nice self burn Donnie.
This was the best part of any of the debates. He just admitted nobody can translate his word salad made out of garbage.
Man, reading a transcript of Trump saying anything just hurts
It really is kind of astounding how much worse it gets -- astounding because it started out *so bad* already. But when you read it written down, it somehow goes from 'your average crazy uncle that you have to deal with at holidays and please, not with the racist stuff this year, Uncle Donald' to 'the rant written in red paint on the car of that schizophrenic woman that's always visiting the post office for some reason.'
It reads like my internal thoughts after having been up for 24+ hours with no sleep and few stimulants. Nothing but jumbled-up confusion.
Trump ending with saying that electing hillary will be 4 more years of obama was a huge mistake for him. Most people want 4 more years of obama.
Nobody I know wants four more years of Obama.
Then they aren't part of the 56% who approve of him.
A lot of people I know want it
I do. There now you know someone.
That was one of the big moments for me. Like there are recent polls showing he is popular with the majority... And he is saying she will be 4 more years of what the majority wants. I don't get it.
Am I caught up in my liberal bias or did Clinton actually decimate him?
I thought he mostly did it to himself, as usual.
Upvote for an answer to this
Decimate means to reduce by 1/10. She didn't decimate him, she destroyed him.
decimate desmt/Submit verb 1. kill, destroy, or remove a large percentage or part of. "the project would decimate the fragile wetland wilderness" 2. historical kill one in every ten of (a group of soldiers or others) as a punishment for the whole group. Not any more
Her best performance of the three debates by far.
A healthy mixture of the two, she objectively did better but hardcore trump supporters will still see it as a trump victory because he didn't say anything new really
He didn't answer a single question, she was well-spoken, and not shaken by his tomfoolery. CNN will call it a slight win for Trump, but not enough to push the polls to his victory.
He decided he wanted to at least attempt to make this debate about policy. It did not serve him well for the first 20 minutes. Then he was triggered by Hilary openly mocking him and that was just it. He descended into his usual rambling, incoherent self and showed his complete ignorance on numerous important points, especially foreign policy.
He had *so* many missed chances to kick back, but she just brutally dominated him. We're not talking pegging and whips, we're talking heavy bondage and clamps.
No safeword.
Savage
Is a political decimation winning the vote by ten points or more? Cause that looks like where we're headed.
She just castrated him
A nasty word, castrate. I prefer *unmanned.*
He's not skilled at debate. If you review the first one, he learned a lot. He's also a hot head. People that get angry in debates tend to lose as their faculties get clouded by rage. The first third had me worried as he quietly outligned his positions in line with the GOP agenda, i the got to breatheva sigh of relief as he started lieing his ass off about what he's said and done. He took every misdirect she offered and raved at it like drunk grandpa. you can't win DEM votes with GOP rhetoric, theres not enough GOP to win outright.
I agree, I was nervous when he did well for the first...8 minutes or so. Then he went back to the crazy Trump we all know and hate.
Did he even answer a question?
Pretty sure even Trump realizes he lost.
Am I stoned off my ass or did I just watch Trump get shit-canned?
Both. She decimated him by realistic standards, but he did great by Trump standards.
Wrong! What a nasty women *sniff*
*woman
After a ko like that he's seeing double.
Hillary took a massive dump on his life.
We could solve the national debt problem if they just charged money to see that.
And I loved every bit of it
Well, she's a politician. He's a lousy businessman and professional loudmouth. Putting the two on a debate floor is basically a fish in a barrel scenario.
This was the first debate I actually watched. Was Donalds this ridiculous in the other 2 debates? Oh my gosh, it seemed like Clinton had all the answers and Trump had absolutely none.
This was by far Trump's best performance and Clinton's worst (not just relative to each other, but relative to their other performances). So you can just try to imagine the other two debates, but you'd be underestimating Trump.
This was by far his best performance.
I think this was probably his best showing, honestly.
Are you serious? D: This was his best showing? God, we are screwed as a country :(
In the second debate, Anderson Cooper asked Trump if he had committed sexual assault and Trump started ranting about how terrible ISIS is, not giving a simple "no" until pressed three more times to answer the question.
Donald was the same this debate as the others, imo. Hillary stooped to his level much more than in previous debates where she mostly just stood there.
I would say worse at the other two. Especially the first.
He was worse in the first.
Oooh yes... it was this bad and even a little worse at times
He was worse in the first two. Yes that's possible, and it was appalling.
I'd say that he was more restrained than the other ones. Says a lot.
He was more subdued here. He went off the rails on the first debate.
"Nasty woman" - Trump 2016
do not grab by the pussy!
People, when you go to the polls, consider all of the fact checking done on Trump, and how almost all of them called him wrong. He uses the negativity card to convince people, despite how much bullshit he spouts. Hillary is not the ideal candidate either, but if you think she is anything close to being as bad as Trump, please do more research. At worst she will do nothing, but for Trump, at worst he will damage this country. If you disagree with any of this, let's have a discussion.
I disagree, secretary Clinton has excellent qualifications and was virtually an unanimous choice for the Democratic Party. Her scandals are blown out proportion by a comparison of other senior party members.
Such a good job by Chris Wallace. He and Megyn Kelly are the only two people that give Fox News any semblance of credibility.
Shep Smith.
Shep.
Oh shit. Yeah, him too. I loved his hurricane warning recently.
They're both *so* good I'm just waiting for them to crack live on TV one day, when a batshit coworker says something batshit.
I've heard that Shepard Smith is supposed to be pretty good as well. I don't actually know from personal experience since I refuse to watch Fox News, but I've heard good things about him.
You can tell KellyAnne Conway is pissed
She has "I need a martini" face written all over her. Poor woman having to defend Trump.
There's nothing poor about her. She's selling her soul but getting rich.
she's thinking wtf am i going to say now?!
You're saying she doesn't want to be on this sinking ship anymore?
Holy shit this CNN after show is just as heated
That one guy has lost it.
That woman is terrible.
Republicans are calling Trump's statement that he will "take a look at the results" if he loses disqualifying. He is done.
[Great response by Lindsey Graham on twitter](https://mobile.twitter.com/LindseyGrahamSC/status/788932279066329088?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Etweet)
I like how the old white guy on CNN is telling the Hispanic lady that trump didn't offend hispanics
She isn't Hispanic she is American
Hispanic is an ethnicity. American is a nationality. You can be both.
Let me guess Americans of European descent are white and not European?
Sure,you can guess. I won't stop you.
Well the only thing that is a fact is that all humans are humans.
Race exists. It isn't fair because genetically, you're right. But to ignore the social construct of race is only possible for those with privilege.
Hispanic is a race? That is new
LOL >You're the puppet >I'm not a puppet, you're the puppet What a fucking child.
I agree it could have been phrased different, but is he wrong?
Yes. Only one candidate supports Russia's positions with dismantaling NATO, with Syria, with opposing Russian incursions into Ukrane...
For some reason this came to mind ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHJo8GaTc8U#t=21s Random video aside, that was ridiculous. He's got no self-control
No one respects women more than I do #nastywoman
I mean this with 100% sincerity: There has never been a democratic election at any level, anywhere in the world, in the history of human civilization - in which the 2 leading candidates were so clearly distinct in terms of qualification for office.
If only the other 40% of the country could figure that out.
I think trump lost, and lost hard. This debate brought policy up to the table more than any other debate, and he showed his complete and utter lack of any substance.
I'd actually fraise it the other way around; Hillary kicked ass. She was pretty fired up throughout the whole thing.
The amount of times any question about what his policies would be, only for him to ramble about something else, was quite telling.
Yuge lack of substance. The greatest lack of substance. Seriously. Everything was Hillary did horrible at <topic whether or not it was at all relevant to her>. I'd do very good[sic].
But he's going to MAGA! Believe him. Bill is so bad at this stuff.
the biggest surprise for me tonight was that Chris Wallace came across as the most moderate moderator
I was reading it in text transcripts not listening to the audio, but Wallace's questions seemed consistently a bit hard on Clinton. It's fine because she's a pro, and the questions implied that Wallace takes her seriously, compared with Trump's amateurism, but the text gave me a "harder on Clinton" sense.
true, but wallace did poke at Trump and his weak spots too
Fuck you Jeffery Lord and Kaleigh, you don't get to tell me not to be offended with Trump's comments on illegal Mexican immigrants. I was born here, but fuck you, I'm sick of us getting placed as a scapegoat.
Thanks, I didn't know their names, I rarely watch CNN. I can't believe these 2, deplorable people.
These churros are making me THIRSTY!!!
It's completely absurd. "No, no, you silly mexicans, it's totally ok to be casually racist to you because occasionally there's a mexican who's a murderer"
Hillary just seems really smart and she has a high level of emotional intelligence. It's gotta be hard to stay composed when a gorilla is screaming at you for 90 minutes.
"We cannot afford four more years of Obama" might not be the smartest thing to say about a president with a 58% approval rating.
I was like "I wasn't aware that was an option. Hell yes i want four more years of Barry."
Ok putting aside my support for Clinton for a sec... I truly believe that was the worst Trump has ever performed still.
He started calm (still wrong, but calm) at first, but then he descended into being a metaphorical crazed beast. He goofed up badly. But he couldn't help himself, as that's whom Trump really is.
Which is the exact same thing he did in the last debate. Of course he was coached to do this, and understandably so, but ultimately lost his cool.
that was really bad.
"Gg get rekt" -xXHilldawg420Xx-
"Your mom"
20 days until Trump loses, thank fuck.
I can't wait. Christmas is coming early this year. The right wing forums are going to be comedy gold.
November 28th can't get here fast enough!
I took the next day off of work. I am getting a bottle of upscale bourbon, and going to drink the tears of Trump supporters all evening November 8th.
cant wait for rubio and ryan to make their speeches about the new direction of the gop, while neither of them have unendorsed him. fucking cowards
He totally referred to late term abortions as some sort of mortal kombat finishing move.
I almost laughed when he started going on about that. He just went so fucking hard with it and I'm like "Dude, just stop. We fucking get it..."
I thought that, after 9 months, the baby is supposed to come out of the pussy.
Maybe that's what he meant when he said grab 'em by the pussy.
These chanters/protesters are *so* close to changing my vote. If they would just chant a little louder...
Donald Trump insinuated Civil War on live television. God help us all.
That's a bit of a stretch...
Calling Hillary a "nasty woman" at the end seals this as Trump's worst debate and probably the worst in the history of debates
Why? Most people would agree with that statement.
They have all been so different. 1&3 were best for sure.
I agree
The first debate was the worst for trump. By far.
I *thought* I heard that! Thank you, I wasn't sure...
Trump ended with "With Hillary, you get four more years of Obama." Meanwhile, Obama has his highest approval rating this during this election cycle. 37d Jenga
Exactly. Guys like you and I know what not to say in that situation if on the stage. But he's so dumb, he says it.
He knows the crowd that comment will appeal to.
Too bad he needs to appeal to more than that crowd to win. That's been his issue to date.
Right? Four more years of Obama and Ryan said Bernie Sanders will be in charge. I'm ok with that!
I thought maybe the Donald as a crazy powerhungry thing might have been overplayed during the primary, and surely he would clean it up for the general.....but no. he actually is that batshit crazy dangerous.
I'm both surprised and pleased that he was not actually capable of putting on an air of respectability after the primaries. I mean, he could've been doing much better at this point. Winning, even. But Trump only knows how to be Trump, it seems. He's just a wretched and impulsive narcissist unable even to pretend otherwise for a few months.
yeah.....it sure looks that way.
Jesus fucking christ he got curbstomped
I am honestly entirely incapable of understanding how someone could have watched that debate and come away thinking that those two candidates are equal in any way. It baffles me.
Now the Trump operatives on all the news shows trying to spin the whole thing is disgusting
the both candidates are bad mantra is from trump/republican supporters who just cant bring themselves to vote for anyone else
I feel like just saying they are both bad is like saying having to eat blue cheese and a bowl of sewage are equally bad. Yeah, not everyone likes blue cheese, but I think it takes some serious mental gymnastics to think it's even remotely close to the same level of bad as a bowl of sewage. I'll be clear, I'm not actually calling Trump a bowl of sewage, I'm just using that imagery to help visualize my thoughts. I also personally really like blue cheese.
Babies were ripped from wombs, walls got bigly built, puppets were summoned, goons hired, gays pushed off buildings, microphones micro-adjusted & sniffs sniffled. I'm gonna miss these things. Thank you Mr. Trump!
Hired goons?
You don't believe that gays are pushed off buildings in the middle east?
Calls Clinton a "nasty woman" after saying no one has respect for women more than I do.
When he says that he only means women that he feels deserve respect. It's how he can call Rosie O'Donnell a fat pig loser and say he respects women in the same breath.
How did Trump manage to deny that he mocked that reporter, given how much time he apparently spends watching tv, he must of seen one of the ten Hillary ads that are literally just the tape of him mocking the reporter.
He's learning from the best. Pence is the master of denying past Trump statements and it looks like he is training Donald.
Good lord, I remember the days when I thought the Obama vs. Romney were bad..*for fuck sake*
You actually watched those? Good god, I would rather watch floor vote coverage on C-SPAN.
I miss Mitt Romney.
I dont, he was just as shit as the rest of them
If you had to pick though... Mitt or Trump?
Wouldnt choose either.
Mitt could have made this a contest.
I like HRC, but any other Republican would easily squeak out a win or better given her baggage. Any other Dem would demolish Trump.
I...I actually do..
lol Hillary is winning the Breitbart poll........too funny.
I've got to imagine somebody is trolling them for all the online polls Trump's managed to "win", I don't have enough faith in humanity to think this is a reaction to the debate.
Link
http://www.breitbart.com/2016-presidential-race/2016/10/19/poll-won-third-presidential-debate/?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=social
LOL she's not just winning she's destroying the Breitbart poll
Srsly?
http://www.breitbart.com/2016-presidential-race/2016/10/19/poll-won-third-presidential-debate/ Currently 59/41 in favor of Clinton.
Who the fuck are those idiots screaming in the background on cnn and msnbc?
The deplorables.
trump supporters.
Oh that explains the smell of Marlboros and week old McDonalds bags.
It fits if you think about it. They have no regard for the rules and pretty much act and say how they feel.
Regardless of who you support, I think we all need to take a moment to commend Donald Trump for being fairly composed during this debate, he did not once drop the N-word tonight or lunge at Hillary's genitals.
He said nasty women instead of a nasty c or b word
The night is still young, and the cameras are still on.
Fuck Donald Trump for his non answer on whether or not he will concede.
I think that means its a no.
I've seen Hillary supporters criticize her multiple times. What is up with the Trump supporters having a complete inability to criticize their leader? I mean this is straight up culty behavior.
Hillary supporters criticize her? Show me where that happened?
Here: Hillary's foreign policy is too hawkish and I'm worried we are going to end up in a conflict with Russia over Syria. Now your turn to criticize Trump.
I don't agree with Trumps SCOTUS picks. He's been socially liberal for many years and I don't think he actually cares about banning abortion. He's been forced to play to the religious crazies because they're almost always single issue voters and unfortunately due to the electoral college, it's the only path he can take to have a chance to win.
It's the difference between those who can use rational reasoning of facts versus those that use fear based and reactionary emotions to make decisions. It's the frontal cortex battling the amygdala, basically.
Admitting faults and criticizing yourself/your candidate is something that's easier to do when your status is secure i.e. you are winning. When you are less comfortable, and your fighting for the weird identity you've built up, any concession threatens to cause collapse. They can't afford it.
Because it is a cult at this point.
Because the most vested have a cult like devotion to Trump... it's unsettling.
Voting for Hillary here. As an LGBT American, I was disappointed in her refusal to directly answer pay-to-play allegations as well as taking money from countries whose governments condone disgusting treatment of LGBT people and women. C'mon.
If that 90% figure is correct, what does it matter where the money comes from? The US has always had allies with a shitty human rights record. Hell, the US has its own issues.
I somewhat agree, but she didn't answer the question at all. I can't criticize Trump doing that and not her. I'm still voting for her and she clearly the qualified and worthy candidate by miles in my eyes.
What's that quote? Something about it being easier to fool people than it is to convince them they've been fooled. Trump's supporters bought in hard, and for many of them, changing horses midstream or even questioning any aspect of him is wishy-washy at best, treason at worst. We saw a lot of the same during Bush Jr's presidency: the idea that taking new info and tweaking your mindset with it is somehow weak and flawed, and "staying the course" is best, even if that course is right into a brick wall.
People bring up the deplorables line a lot, but the more I see of his supporters the more I start to believe it...
It's a symptom of cognitive dissonance. Denying reality is the only way the world makes sense.
Trump was doing a good job of restraining himself right up until Hillary said he "choked" in Mexico by not bringing up the wall and getting into a Twitter war about it. That was definitely the turning point as Trump immediately went ape shit. That's also the moment Chris Wallace lost control of Trump & Hillary. **Hillary’s other zingers that obviously got under his skin:** * Hillary’s “Putin puppet” remark * Trump being on Apprentice while she was a senator. * implying his accusers weren’t attractive enough for him * 6-foot portrait of Donald bought by his foundation * Emmys were rigged * Google "Donald Trump Iraq" * Mentioning Celebrity Apprentice * Trump is dangerous * Trump inherited his wealth from his father **Other notable moments:** * Trump adamantly denying the official US Intelligence and defending Putin while yelling about how we "only" have 1,800 nuclear weapons. * Trump, when asked about the economy, goes on a rant about how Japan, South Korea and other countries must pay us for protection. * Trump calls Obama’s presidency a “regime”. * Trump spouting conspiracy theories about $6 billion “lost” by the state department. * More conspiracy theories by Trump about the Project Veritas video & Hillary’s campaign inciting riots. * Trump getting a laugh from the audience when he claimed “Nobody respects women more than I do” * Chris Wallace asks Trump if he ever used Trump Foundation money and Hillary's face lights up in anticipation, then Trump denies it and Hillary looks pleased. * Trump septupling down on not accepting the result of the election because it's rigged, adding "I'll keep you in suspense". * Trump's Podesta & Bernie Sanders swing & miss, immediately backfiring * Trump arguing with Chris Wallace about Aleppo and interrupting him * Hillary bringing up Trump's $100,000 ad criticizing Reagan. * Trump replies "Such a nasty woman" when Hillary says Donald figures ways out of paying his taxes. **Honorable mentions:** * *sniff* * wrong * crooked * Trump blaming everything on Hillary * Trump making faces * Trump: "No, you are!" * Trump visibly sweating & his eyes looking bloodshot. His voice going up on a logarithmic scale throughout the debate * Hillary turned the page of her notes, exposing some of what she wrote. Surely someone will pause & zoom in on that * Trump's closing statement almost mirrored how he closes out his rallies * No handshake between Trump & Hillary * Chris Wallace for being extremely fair imho **Winner:** ***Hillary Clinton***
It wasn't even close. Hillary rekt him and paid for his funeral in 90 minutes.
No mention of ripping the baby out?
A c-section no less.
Not even one day before its born!
I couldn't roll my eyes more for fear they'd fall off. Nobody is going to perform abortion at 9 months ffs, at that point if you don't want them, you just put them up for adoption. Or even 8 months. Jesus, the fearmongering was strong on that topic.
Did Trump have any zinger? Also, the only Hillary interjection "made with chinese steel", was pretty awesome, in my view.
That cracked me up!
WRONG, was pretty good.
The only one that stood out to me was when he said something along the lines of having no experience was better than the wrong experience.He could have had something on the last part where he talked about her taking donations from the corporations she said she was going to reign in but he didn't follow through.
Is there such a thing as "wrong experience"? All experience is good IMO, it's just *how* you put it to work what can be good or bad. There are certain situations where being a blank slate is a benefit, but for the Presidency, I'd ask for a modicum of political experience.
Yeah, I agree. There really is no such thing as long as you have someone with the ability to learn from mistakes and grow from them-which I believe Hillary is. I just meant in terms of finding something that a lot of voters don't like about her and using it against her.
Yeah, that was really on the ball. Usually she comes across as very well-prepared but not necessarily able to come up with a zinger off the cuff.
I think she just has self control. If she did that all the time then she would be stooping down to his level, but doing it once is witty.
He looked so fucking mad during that part
Donald got triggered as fuck over the Daddy loan.
That little bit from Hillary was savage af
"You're a puppet!" He lost right there. Kept his shit together for 30 minutes, then went off the rails.
Same as before.
He folded on that Mexico comment. Turning point.
And you just knew the second she said it there's no way he lets that go
The spark the lit the dumpster fire for the night.
Anybody have a video of that? I missed the debate, but would love to see Trump reaction to that.
Seemed like he was prepared for tonight but that line cut out his knees. In his mind, no way was this woman calling me a choker. Changed the night
She baited his ego and it fucking crawled out of his ass like a pitbull and latched onto the podium for the rest of the debate. He was sniffing to get through the pain.
Bad hombres down there, I'm talking really, really bad.
Was that racist? I feel like that wouldn't go over well, but it's gonna get overlooked.
Yes, and it has got a ton of attention already. That and the refusal to accept the results got the entire two hours after the debate on CNN.
Trump said so much shit it's hard to actually address all of it. Like that comment is obviously not good, but when you have "nasty woman" and his refusal to accept the election results people tend to forget the more minor comments.
Which is really upsetting, because his "stance" on abortion, specifically late-term abortion, is horrendously ignorant.
Agreed, it was a brilliant line. It hit him right in the balls.
Chinese Steel BOOM GOES THE HEADSHOT
Yeah; he kept launching these big blustery frontal attacks that went nowhere, while she would talk for 1 minute 45 seconds about policy and just drop in a 3 work snarky comment about Trump into the middle of it that was far more deviating then anything he could do. It was kind of amazing the way she just took him apart up there.
She has been in politics nonstop for decades and it comes with the territory. He didn't stand a chance. She is used to crafting her speech in ways that manipulate much smarter people to get important things done. He has done the same thing but with dumb people. She knows exactly how to push what buttons with exact timing to trip him up. I'm sure there is more beneath the surface that most don't pick up on. Played him like a fiddle and the ads that are sure to come will emphasize it.
Say what you want about Hillary, but she is smart and made of some tough material. I am continually amazed at how that womanhandles so much shit in the public eye. I'm not saying it's always a good thing, just very impressive. I don't think I could handle all those insults and accusations like that.
"beautiful hotel room in the Trump hotel.." "Made of Chinese steel!" Bullseye
"No! You're a puppet!"
That back and forth dialogue was un fucking real
So much of Trumps answers could be summed up as "Nuh-uh!" or "No, u!"
"The only reason I don't pay taxes is because you never made it illegal!"
I would add "Bernie is campaigning for me" to Hilary's zingers from the night. Absolutely tore down the point he was trying to make and he looked like a complete idiot for it.
I only wish she followed up with, "are you feeling _that_ 'Bern'?"
When she dropped the word "choked" I was saying in my mind "please take the bait please take the bait". And he took it. Oh God, did he take it.
He always takes the bait.
When he reacted I said to my wife "well, she just triggered him..."
Is there a clip of this? I missed it.
https://youtu.be/ANT_ZBhpvtw?t=23m45s You can see the wheels spinning in his head right after she says it.
From looking at this, I think it was clearly the "you're a puppet" one when he completely loses it. And she has a mile-wide grin at the end of it. Though the choke one was nice - bet she had a psychologist give that one to her.
Wow, that moderator though. A+ with the unruly schoolchildren.
It was so perfect, because you saw her drop it, take a step back, and wait for it to boil over, and then he fucking derailed.
Yea, as soon as she said that I thought Oh shit, she threw the first jab that's gonna set Donald off
Another honourable mention: T: <ramblings of an insane person> H: Let me translate that if I can, Chris. T: You can't! Edit: oh, oh, another one would be when Trump conceded the race to Clinton: "Lots of luck, Hillary — thanks for doing a great job!"
Damn I must've missed that. I rewatched the puppet part over and over again.
NO YOU ARE THE PUPPET!!!!11!!
"You can't" was absolutely one of my favorite moments, I was rolling with laughter because it's so clear he doesn't understand the irony of that statement
Oh good, I lost my shit at that one. He seemed happy with it though...
What. A. Fucking. Disaster. Trump literally dug his own grave, stuck a grenade in it, and buried himself. Jesus.
You say that but I went in wanting to vote for Clinton, and left wanting to vote for Trump.
Care to elaborate?
She said she's shoot down a Russian fighter in Allepo if it went into the no fly zone. That is not acceptable, no other issue matters to me right now. Her saying that cost her my vote.
as a flaming liberal this was the biggest thing I'd criticize Clinton for, but TBH, I don't think Russia would test that, and they do not have the stamina for another cold war. The only reason they are bombing things in Syria is to destabilize and prevent a puppet they don't approve of being erected, they will not go as far as to play chicken with a NATO no-fly.
Yikes.
Ya man, I'm on edge right now. I suddenly actually give a shit about the election.
What makes you feel like Trump would have more self control in situations like that? He can't resist taking the bait in a presidential debate, I feel that other countries would be able to bait him into all kinds of stuff.
I'm 100% certain that Trump is fucking smart enough to know not to fire on a Russian fighter jet.
Considering that Hillary Clinton was secretary of state and has experience in matter like this I trust her more. Also remember what he said he would do to the sailors that made obscene gestures? I don't trust his impulse control, his judgement, or his temperament.
Did you watch the debate? She was openly aggressive towards Russia. It's not about trust, it's about intent, and she clearly has intent to wake a dragon.
[deleted]
I was a multi-issue voter before the debate.
What else would you do with a fighter in a no-fly zone? Why have a no-fly zone if you can fly in it?
Because it's fucking Russia.
So your solution is to just let Russia do whatever the fuck it wants?
In Syria, yes. They didn't fuck with our Iraq operations by shooting down our fighters did they.
Not to be offensive, but I'd love to hear your reasons why.
Her statements about Russia sealed the deal for me.
What specifically?
She said she'd shoot down a Russian fighter if it flew over Allepo after she instituted a no fly zone.
Maybe, but she did say there would be a dea and negotiations first to set it up between the parties, she's not just instituting it and expecting everyone to follow along
> literally I wish.
It terrifies me how close Trump has gotten to the Presidency. I really hope the polls are right, because wow.... The fact he has ~40% support among potential voters simply blows my mind. I'm Canadian, and I'm fully expecting an exodus from the States if Trump wins. EDIT: For Trump supporters who are simply fed up with establishment politics, I hear you and agree with many of your grievances with Clinton, but during this election the chance for that kind of change died with Sanders' defeat. Well, Sanders still has a pretty influential voice. Still, don't vote the maniac in.
Can I crash on your couch if that happens?
He won't. But we'll still come visit. Alberta is gorgeous.
You got a spare room?
To be fair, you could run an orange pussy grabbing baboon and it would get 40% of the vote if it had an R next to it.
Please take me in
The problem is "fed up with establishment politics" isn't a position and given a president is u charge of the executive branch it's not the office that needs changing. All the Bernie supporters you're think of are simply people with misguided anger.
Better build that wall now... And make us pay for it. Somehow.
Earlier in the year I was considering applying for a passport. Now that things are so much closer I'll put my travel plans off
You better be ready Canada if trump wins. There will be lines of cars for miles at the border on November 9th if trump wins.
I think trump has sent every american promising two free nights at a trump hotel in exchange for a vote. I haven't received mine yet so I'm voting clinton (/snarkasm)
Sooooo how hard is it to get in?
Tonight I heard Clinton appeal to independents and Republicans while also maintaining the agenda of the Democratic Party. She talked about supporting minorities, taxing the wealthy, improving infrastructure, protecting Roe V. WADE, not creating more debt, enforcing a no fly zone in Syria, protecting our 2nd Amendment right and many more. These are all different points that reach to a broad spectrum of our population. On the other hand Trump continued to speak to his base and didn't care to reach out to others...he pretended to by mentioning Bernie Sanders but that was about it
As someone who was very hopeful for a Sanders victory, I don't believe much of anything Clinton says that may appeal to the left. I'll wait and see, but the recent speech leaks were nevertheless quite reassuring. The fact she didn't bulge on releasing them even though it may have helped her in the primaries does increase my respect for her in some ways. Despite my current reservations, she is far superior to Trump, and just about every other Republican candidate, by a million percentage points.
In all fairness we say that a lot but we almost never do.
My dad just abandoned him tonight based on his dismissal of accepting the people's choice. Better late than never.
A huge amount of uneducated white voters despise minorities, especially Hispanic ones who they see as taking their jobs. He honestly won the republican primary strictly off the Mexicans are rapists comments and build the wall. Fortunately that also guarantees he loses the general. That's why every single other republican running for the primary didn't ever go after immigrants the way he did. They know it's just winning the battle to eventually lose the war.
True
Lucky for you, it's pretty difficult to immigrate to Canada.
Jokes on Trump. We're building our own wall to keep Americans out and they're paying for it.
No, wait! I have skills! I can contribute to your society!
I assume like 30-35% of the country would vote for a banana if it had an (R) next to its name.
Banana-(R) has been representing Fruitbasket, NJ for years in orchard-level politics and swears up and down it's born again so of course you should automatically vote for it. Banana - Republican 2016!
The accuracy of your comment is absolutely depressing
Family member of mine says trump would have to outright murder someone in order for him to not to vote republican in this election...
Banana / Pineapple 2020
Banana seems a little slippery to me, and soft on a few issues--but it has a mushy center that is appealing to me personally. And Pineapple makes up for it with being tough and bristly. ...I think that's the fruit equivalent of Bush/Cheney.
I would absolutely vote for a banana over Trump
Well, they'd clearly vote for an orange.
What about an orange?
I mean they're already voting for an orange
They'd find him appealing.
Daaaaaaaaad
Get out.
It's cozy here.
To Canada?
It would be a good source of POTUSsium... PotASSiu... POTUSs.. He'd be appealing!
"NASTY WOMAN" 2 minutes later "Woman are disrespected"
Because respecting women in general obviously means that all women are saints.
"To be fair, Donald Trump thinks all women are puppets, that's why he's always trying to stick his hand up them" -Trevor Noah
Bah *God* Noah, that man has a family! Well, actually they're kind of awful too so.....carry on
You know what's the most ironic part of this debate? It's when Clinton asked the people to google Trump's stance on the Iraq War. Trump said to trust the internet but not the press. How interesting is it not?
When he says trust the internet he means look no further than the circle jerk of facebook friends you trade fact free image macros with.
"Excuse me. My turn." I just couldn't at that point...
Exactly. It's her turn.
Immediately made me shout "what a fucking tool" at my TV.
"Such a nasty woman" We all know what he really wanted to say
"Why. You. Mutha. Fucka."
Turd sandwich
I feel like Conway must have sat down with Trump before this debate and said "for the love of christ just don't call her a bitch!"
the only question is did it start with a B or a C
It's starts with a B and ends with itch
Knowing him,most likely C
I know I'm late to this party, but how is anyone surprised Chris Wallace kicked ass? I know he's fox but he's Mike Wallace's son, that guy was the man. At the very least he's half great
I've only read the transcript, but if his delivery of his lines in the 'wait and see' exchange was as good as the words were, then they'll be *the* video clip of the classroom history of this election for the next hundred years.
Totally thought he'd roll Hillary for Trump, but he was very balanced.
I didn't get to watch the entire debate, but what I saw or heard in the car seemed very fair and he didn't seem afraid to be stern when necessary.
He did really well. I was very satisfied.
[Megyn Kelly had a good moment tonight](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8uM_oteXvqg)
... that guy defending, who is he? The ignorance makes me feel sick.
She wasn't taking any shit.
oops. I read some youtube comments. If you ever think misogyny/sexism is dead, just look at 1/2 of those comments & you'll see we have much work to do.
To be fair, basement dwellers are overrepresented in those comments.
Never read youtube comments. For anything. Ever.
Pre-debate thoughts: "I shouldn't overreact no matter what happens." Post-debate thoughts: "Democracy was a mistake."
Communism doesn't give you the greatest and most horrifying 90 minutes in the world.
Pre-debate thought: "I'm gonna need alcohol to get through this." Post-debate though: "I hate that Wisconsin doesn't sell hard liquor after 9 pm."
Seriously? 9pm? People don't even start buying hard alcohol until 10 where I'm from.
Yeah, same here. I moved from Michigan and was standing in line on a Saturday night with a pint in hand. The cashier said she couldn't sell to me. Blew my mind. You know what's worse. Can't even buy wine after 9. Beer until midnight, like that's better than the 2 am it is most places.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5LeYDW2LsM
That clip will never not be relevant.
"The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter." - Winston Churchill
Trump fell apart. He just sounds *bad,* completely out of his depth on so many issues.
I'm really looking forward to the 3AM tweets after this. I'm guessing the Emmy jab will be the thing he's thinking about while laying in bed fuming.
It's eating him up inside.
I like my candidates to actually have the ability to string together a coherent sentence, even one single coherent sentence.
Trump needs a damn thesaurus
I was thinking that the entire debate. For a man who got an education at top universities, he sure has an extremely limited vocabulary.
Bigly!
Terrible. Disaster. Tremendous. Amazing. These words will be tainted for years in my mind.
David Axelrod said this was his worst debate, and his comments about not sure he'll accept the results of the election over overwhelmingly disqualifying for a Presidential candidate.
Axelrod says what I was thinking while watching. It was an absolute bloodbath.
Trump got ripped to so many shreds you'd need a magnifying glass or a microscope to find them all.
Chris Wallace won.
Hell hath no fury like a Fox Anchor scorned. Chris Wallace held Trump accountable tonight. It was remarkable
I wonder how much hate mail/tweets/FB posts he is going to get.
I was surprised actually. I think he was one of the best of this debate season.
> I was surprised actually. I think he was one of the best of this debate season. It definitely held the line on most sticking with the format, and definitely seemed the least biased for one or the other candidate - both candidates were questioned critically. Quite a feat for someone who normally is a hard right shill on FOX News.
Wallace brought his "A" game and was tough but fair on both candidates.
His last question was legendary. "Both candidates said they didn't want to do a closing statement. Which is why I think its awesome to ask you to do one. What up biatch?"
> His last question was legendary. "Both candidates said they didn't want to do a closing statement. Which is why I think its awesome to ask you to do one. What up biatch?" It's almost as though Wallace gets away from Ailes and FOX and suddenly remembers what a journalists' job really is, as opposed to what he normally does at work.
Well, they would be two separate job descriptions
This is Jeffrey and Kayleigh's audition tape for TrumpTV
Yeap. Kayleigh is literally spewing shit. My father in law is an immigrant and my wife, who is totally apolitical, is fucking ripshit.
Giuliani: "He knocked her out tonight." Lol. He apparently muted Clinton every time she spoke.
Probably didn't even watch it.
Giuliani's blood has been replaced with kool-aid, it's all he has, it's all that's keeping him upright.
this guy is delusional. surprised he hasn't said 9-11 yet (unless i missed it) should be coming up any second.
Also a really poor choice of words considering recent allegations.
Went old fashioned with the ol' fingers in the ear "NANANA I CAN'T HEAR YOU" route actually
He is senile
At this point I just think he's an asshole. I really respected him right after 9/11. He was right down there where he was supposed to be and held people together. Now he's a liar and an apologist for a maniac. Does he want to be Attorney General that bad? There was an honorable way to do that. Instead he's permanently destroyed his reputation. Good riddance.
People age and get senile especially if they were unstable before they aged. Seen it first hand with my Grand Mother
"He is only 6 points behind". Oh bless her heart.
Seriously. What an idiot
Yea but crazy girls are the best in bed. - Trump.
Can SNL parody this CNN panel on Saturday? What a glorious shit show
Seriously! LOL. This hot mess SHITSHOW of a CNN panel discussion is more lol-worthy than almost everything that went on in the actual debate.
nothing tops the donald in the debate. gonna be so mentful to watch
If Trump was in Al Gore's position in 2000, he would have started a freakin civil war. Al Gore actually cared about the country more than his own ego.
He actually would have though. And it would be exactly what putin wants. Russia is trying to regain its power and influence on the world stage and it's doing so by sowing discord into western politics.
Fucking right he did. I miss that guy.
Tomorrow on the headlines : Bad Hombres and Nasty Woman
CNN: "Oh wow men care about women getting pregnant too?"
It is kinda surprising, to be honest.
Ok, us millennial men aren't stupid. We know if a woman gets pregnant the choice is completely out of our hands. And there's serious consequences no matter the choice.
I know, I'm a millennial male. But I didn't see many Millennials in that focus group.
Yeah which is really just annoying and disenfranchises millennials. Pretty dumb of CNN. Where is the 18-35 crowd?
A focus group of 21 is kinda silly to begin with.
When was this said? I missed it.
I know right. Plenty of guys that are so grateful their not daddies right now. Better believe they care. It's their lives too!
Well, it's only fair after you grab them in the pussy that you give them SOME rights.
'you aren't going to find a quote that says that' only took them about....51 minutes to find 2?
What was this referencing again?
other countries having nuclear capabilities
Ah, thanks!
Only because they had to wait for the segment. They probbly queued that shit up while he was saying it.
well the point being....jesus fucking christ guys....that it was very easy to find.
I saw comments with YouTube links to it within five minutes here.
Trump's response to Clinton's statement that Trump bought Chinese steel and gave more jobs to other countries than America was 'she should've made it impossible for me to do that.' How are people okay with this?!
are you asking why we're okay with Hillary not making it impossible? Or Trump buying Chinese steel? The answer is both candidates suck. Haha
> The answer is both candidates suck. Haha The most bigly bullshit phrase to come out of this election. Legit gonna punch the next guy who says this. Haha
No as a senator you can't do this. It would be hilarious if as president she made some law and Trump had to spend tons of money on American steel, so good.
how can she criticize him for that if she didn't support legislation to stop it. In fact she fully supports open borders for trade
Because he has campaigned on a very american economy first attitude, even if she dosen't go for that type of policy attaching trump on in can hurt his legitimacy with issue voters.
it was more of an attack on him being hypocritical than it was a defense of her own policy
so she prefers Chinese steel over American steel
talk is cheap but actions matter don't you agree? So she may be in support of Chinese steel but Donald must really love it.
At least Trump speaks out against it, she wants more of it. If she ran a business she would buy Chinese steel as well as speak out for it She would have both talk and actions in support of screwing the working class
you don't see any problem with speaking out against something and then doing the opposite?
She was pointing out his hypocrisy.
so she prefers Chinese steel over American steel
Perhaps you should reframe your question.
>how can she criticize him for that if she didn't support legislation to stop it. In fact she full supports open borders for trade Two points: * One she's not running on a campaign of free trade = bad, therefore she's not being a hypocrite. * The speech where she stated her dream was for open borders was specifically related to the Americas. Please read the wiki dump if you don't believe me. Edit: formatting
so she prefers Chinese steel over American steel
Trump > American steel workers have been consistently screwed over by businessmen exactly like me. I'm the only one who can fix the problem with businessmen exactly like me. Vote for me. Hillary > Why on earth would you vote for him? He's been screwing you over for years. Why do you think he would help you now? worktogether > Hillary has been screwing us over. Edit: No real quotes. Obvious and obligatory /s
Probably not. The odds of you being the only one are honestly pretty low
Those women should have made it impossible for him to grab them in the pussy
Not wearing a chastity belt is practically the same as consent. /s
Some people are just Lawful Stupid, if you want to put it in D&D terms. "The law's the law. If it's legal, it's right! If it isn't right, change the law!"
How can Trump say that and be massively for deregulation? If he admits to being morally incapable of making good decisions, how can he say government has no business regulating shit?
He's so blind that he doesn't even realize that he's contradicting himself. Or, alternatively, he knows he's contradicting himself but is saying it because he knows his base will eat it up anyway.
I only just watched the full thing. Holy smokes, Clinton wiped the floor with him. It's mind boggling anyone sane could disagree with that. Trump was composed for 20 minutes and then proceeded to melt down and implode as Clinton tore him down. I cannot believe they shared a presidential debate stage.
Tore him down? Lol Deflecting important questions is a great win. /s Notice how she deflected when questioned on what action she would take if a russian aircraft invaded the no fly zone.
Actually deflecting questions *is* a great win. She distracted Trump off the issues he needed to press her on. That's good debating skills
Too bad she's still shit with a pleasant Glade fresh aroma. Too bad the train for third party is more of a trolley.
Hillary is just so amazing and awesome. I was in tears as how great she was doing. I am going to be so proud to have her as my First Woman President
van jones just changed my views on political correctness
I didn't see it, what did he say? He's been great the last few weeks
He just gave one of the best, most succinct explanations for how ridiculous the way Donald Trump and his followers frame 'political correctness' is.
What was it?
He needs his own show or needs to write a book
Trump on everything before now: terrible, horrible, worst thing ever Trump on everything he's going to do: tremendous, yuge, best deals Trump on details: ...
Yes, Trump sure likes extreme adjectives.
I'm just watching the debate over. "Did you use your foundation to settle a law suit?" "No. We put up an American flag" Okay. What?
Trump got in trouble for having a gigantic American flag on one of his properties.
I like when he implied that his foundation donates %100 percent of the money they receive, making them possibly the most efficient charity in the history of the world.
To other foundations/charities, as he said. Many of which probably *don't* donate 100%.
"Chris, I said American flag. That means I win."
this is soooo going to be a line on SNL this week
Wow. After watching that "debate", I have come to a final conclusion. Yes, my mind is finally made. I would, in fact, buy a $9.99 album of Donald Trump singing the soundtrack of *"The Sound of Music".*
I only got Clinton and Trump doing Grease, will that do? https://youtu.be/tKTwKTrAR-4
Wrong
Make Columbia House Great Again
[Next best thing?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vx3_2ks5qQ)
How do you solve a nasty woman like Hillary? 
 But how do you make her stay, and listen to all I say?
10 foot walls, hands so small, calling out wussies, Racism, hatred, and grabbing at pussies, Bigly words pandering to the right wing, These are a few of my favorite things.
I...what?
Wrong. A word. My favorite word.
The hills are alive *sniff* in the sound of Hillary's emails
The hills are alive with the sound of ripping the baby out.
Wasn't he basically talking about cesarean sections?
*$hills
This sounds like a cards against humanity round...
[How Trump views abortions](http://i.imgur.com/6eOru7I.jpg)
You could do it 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5 days before the baby is supposed to be born
Oh fuck. Take the up votes, and hold my hair while I throw up
My work here is done.
The only truly funny moment of the night. Thank you.
I think you mean *the swatches of land* are alive with the sound of music.
LOL I'm glad you mentioned this. Right up there with "bigly" xD
Rip it out like a beyblade
Imagine if he said that then made the beyblade sound. Fwwwwrriipppppp.
>Rip it out like a beyblade I'm a guy and my nonexistent uterus curled up and died with that statement
The exact moment when Trump mentally lost it was right when Hillary said he choked when talking to the Mexican President. He swallowed so hard that his neck created a gravitational singularity.
A lot like the first debate. He came out measured and patient, but couldn't keep the ego and anger under wraps
Yeah that killed him. Being called a coward really hurt him in the feels.
She is like a surgeon with her words, he dissected him in this debate.
Truth. She basically ripped him apart and then reassembled him backwards.
Hillary: "You should meet with some of the women I've met..." NO NO DON'T TELL HIM THAT
"Donald has consistently denied..." "Wrong."
"Wrong."
Wow. This is over. If it wasn't before, now it is. Get ready for the landslide.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=My2FRPA3Gf8
Trump always manages to dodge actually answering questions by saying that Hillary was wrong, and the way he argues his points honestly makes him sound like he's still in middle school. I didn't agree with everything Hillary said, but at least I actually knew what her thoughts on the questions asked were as opposed to Donald's mindless rambling.
They were both question dodging.
http://i.giphy.com/3o7TKqOkcmh84GOOd2.gif Clinton obviously won. Tomorrows headlines: Trump called Clinton "such a nasty woman".
"Built by Chinese steel". Zing
Clinton got some great zingers in on Trump while he rambled on about whatever. -Such a nasty woman -His refusal of accept the winning results His biggest mistakes tonight, and of course all the interruptions and rambling.
Sexism in America: Trump telling Clinton "your husband disagrees" as if it's relevant.
Memo to CNN: if a candidate's only surrogates are unqualified morons, don't give them a platform.
I'm not saying every Trump surrogate is bad, but there aren't a lot of likable, convincing advocates in the bunch.
Maybe that's the plan since they mirror their candidate.
They couldn't get actual republican strategists, these are quite frankly the bottom of the barrel.
No please do, so the world can see that they're doing a bad job.
To be fair, they are probably the best of basket.
"He lied about the lies that he lied about." God, that blonde bimbo looked sooo angry the moment he mentioned "old school hiphop."
"No one respects women more than me". I think that line may have run its course for you Donny
That one and: "I know it, you know it, everybody knows it".
Jeff Lord unilaterally deciding whether or not hispanics and women were offended by Trump.
Van Jones 2020.
The 'keep gobmint out of healthcare" argument response on abortion is a complete mind bender for the religious right.
That's the problem - government and religion should have absolutely nothing to do with one another.
Dem govmint boys sure iz ignernt.
Why do these undecided voters just repeat everything Trump says... almost like they are Trump Supporters?
It's a trick. People tend to believe stuff candidates say on TV, so even his lies look accurate.
I do feel that a Trump supporter is more likely to lie about being undecided. Case in point, all the undecideds in the focus groups.
I love how Van Jones quoted LL Cool J (on CNN): "You lied about the lies that you lied about"( Referring to Trump)
"Wronguh." I honestly thought the last time Trump burped that into the mic everyone was going to laugh at him. He looked so pathetic.
Best exchange of the night. Can't believe this was part of the presidential debate. "No Puppet! No Puppet!" >Trump: Now we can talk about Putin. I don't know Putin. He said nice things about me. If we got along well, that would be good. If Russia and the United States got along well and went after ISIS, that would be good. >He has no respect for her. He has no respect for our president. And I'll tell you what: We're in very serious trouble, because we have a country with tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads -- 1,800, by the way -- where they expanded and we didn't, 1,800 nuclear warheads. And she's playing chicken. Look, Putin... >WALLACE: Wait, but... >TRUMP: ... from everything I see, has no respect for this person. >CLINTON: Well, that's because he'd rather have a puppet as president of the United States. >TRUMP: No puppet. No puppet. >CLINTON: And it's pretty clear... >TRUMP: You're the puppet! >CLINTON: It's pretty clear you won't admit... >TRUMP: No, you're the puppet.
Someone needs to follow Trump around with a trombone, so they can play sad trombone music for him when he acts like such a clown.
One sounds like a 10 year old. "NO, YOU'RE A POOPY HEAD!"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CQTl2kN160g it reminded me of this Trump "Im...not an artard....:("
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84cJdY8wkV8&feature=youtu.be&t=31m5s
That is what really unhinged Trump. That moment.
SNL will have a field day with that.
I've had similar arguments with my 8 year old nephew
Lol arguing with a kid. You're a puppet head
Clinton is winning the Breitbart poll lol.
Rigged!!!!
LIBRUL RAG CUCKS! CAN'T BE! (every Trumpet right now.)
http://www.breitbart.com/2016-presidential-race/2016/10/19/poll-won-third-presidential-debate/
Its a slaughter...
Votes are shooting up and Clinton's lead is shrinking, Trumpettes just caught on.
voting doesn't work anymore lol but if you go around the breitbart site it still works https://polldaddy.com/poll/9556452/
Clinton claimed that 17 intelligence agencies independently confirmed that Russia was behind the recent Wikileak dumps. Can somebody please explain to me what these 17 intelligence agencies are, and why the U.S. has so many separate agencies apparently reviewing the same thing (i.e. foreign state cyber warfare)?
> U.S. has so many separate agencies Each one has a separate, dedicated function. We instead of making them departments under the same org, it's critical that they attach themselves to whom they are benefiting. EX: ISC (US Army Intel) would not benefit paratroopers on the ground if they would have to coordinate with more people - by attaching themselves directly to the Army (Being an army unit) they give soldier SIGINT Directly Source: was a veteran who worked with at least 4 of the agencies
http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/oct/19/hillary-clinton/hillary-clinton-blames-russia-putin-wikileaks-rele/
http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/oct/19/hillary-clinton/hillary-clinton-blames-russia-putin-wikileaks-rele/ > The 17 agencies are: Air Force Intelligence, Army Intelligence, Central Intelligence Agency, Coast Guard Intelligence, Defense Intelligence Agency, Energy Department, Homeland Security Department, State Department, Treasury Department, Drug Enforcement Administration, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Marine Corps Intelligence, National Geospatial Intelligence Agency, National Reconnaissance Office, National Security Agency, Navy Intelligence and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence. > The 17 separate agencies did not independently declare Russia the perpetrator behind the hacks. Trump spokesman Steven Cheung said that this cuts against Clinton’s point, saying, "It is unlikely that all 16 of the agencies had looked independently at the Russian connection, which is what Clinton seemed to indicate." (Cheung said 16 agencies because he omitted the Office of the Director of National Intelligence from his count.) All 17 agencies are under the director she was quoting, but not all 17 agencies independently declared the same thing.
1) The [list of intelligence agencies](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Intelligence_Community#Members) are here, and yes there are 17 of them. 2) It is actually unclear that either every single one of them did reviewing the same topic, but the Director of National Intelligence, which speaks for the country’s 17 federal intelligence agencies, released a joint statement saying the intelligence community at large is confident that Russia is behind recent hacks into political organizations’ emails. The statement sourced the attacks to the highest levels of the Russian government and said they are designed to interfere with the current election. [Detail of News Report of it](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/10/07/politics/us-blames-russia-for-targeting-election-systems/)
So they still aren't sure. Blaming Russia might not be a good thing to do if they don't come out with facts.
And he's controlled by Obama himself. So, that's cool too. It's not like Obama could influence anything like this or the FBI or anything like that. That'd just be crazy!
Why is it so important to you guys that it not have been Russia?
> So they still aren't sure. No one in the DNI has stated this. They are stating that nearly 100% are FOR SURE. The others just haven't chimed in yet.
What part of it makes you think they aren't sure?
When US Intelligence says it is "confident" of something, that doesn't mean they aren't sure. People have been killed with inteligence of that certainty.
Holy shit anyone watching the Trump speech right now at the dinner event? They are supposed to be light-hearted jokes but he's BOMBING. Boos, people yelling out at him
Yes. And Hillary is fucking charming. I mean that unbiasedly of course!!
Honestly to me, both candidates won. Trump won the battle and wins a loyal following that he can milk for the next few years when he starts his own news network. Hillary won the Presidency.
Lmao. Sorry for your loss
Since I saw a lot of post about Clinton exposing USA's Nuclear Response time, just thought that I'll help clarify people who are still confused. Yes, it is actually a common knowledge. I remember seeing a few speeches of President Reagan that talks about it. And yes I didn't have any sources, the closest thing I can find right now is [this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/We_begin_bombing_in_five_minutes). If you still think that it is some extra-secret information, there is a song named ["Four Minutes"](http://www.metrolyrics.com/four-minutes-lyrics-roger-waters.html) about it. There are some documentaries on the nuclear weapons topic, you can easily find them with Google. You can actually see how the entire nuclear attack system works in US, through Google, so do you think other nations haven't figure out how long it would takes? This is how the Cold War statue is maintained. By telling our enemies we have the abilities to nuke them, not hiding it as some secrets. edit:Spelling
Meh. Let the_trumpets run with it. They need something to talk about. Maybe they can have O'Keefe make a documentary about it.
"I, Hillary Clinton / destroyed / American interests and America lives / on nine-eleven. On that horrible day / I laughed a lot / because their tears / granted me / terrible powers." If nothing else O'Keefe should take a shot at the turntables.
It has been featured in TV movies before. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yif-5cKg1Yo As a CHILD I was told in mere minutes a nuclear exchange could be initiated.
How can this be taken seriously in the first place? Does anyone seriously think either of the presidential candidates are going to make a mistake and endanger national security? I mean say what you will about Trump, but even he wouldn't do that...right? right...? uhm...guys?
Good think he is still a candidate...for now......
Jesus, if people are still undecided after 3 debates you are seriously fucking stupid.
who are you voting for?
Hillary
Congratulations! I'm saddened by where I live; I'll be voting Hillary, but living in TN means that the majority of voters are the blind [R] followers who only care about keeping Hillary out of office. I'm feeling a little like Stan from the "class mascot" episode of South Park.
That's awesome! I saw your Kansas tag and hoped you'd be voting for her. I grew up in Kansas. Unfortunately it will go to Trump, but every liberal mind there counts lol.
Is my first time voting as an American citizen too, can't wait!!
That's even more awesome! Congrats!
The only "undecideds" left are hipsters. People who want to think they're "so unbiased" and "so enlightened" that they're "open to all options and points of view." Most of whom belong on /r/iamverysmart. If up until now, with the debates and the scandal and the mudslinging, people haven't made a choice, then I'm willing to bet that they have, they just want everyone to think they haven't. If the election was held tonight or tomorrow, they know who they'd vote for.
Anyone who is still undecided is 1) lying) or 2) doesn't care enough to vote.
God, I hope so
Donald Trump is willing to overthrow the Constitution and 240 years of tradition if things don't go his way. Do you really want such an asshole for President? Really?
Hell yes. This country is broken, the system only benefits the rich. "Tradition" is about the last thing we need right now.
The post-debate thread over at the_deniers are calling for a repeat of "1776", aka a revolution if he loses. Simply shocking.
This is what we get for allowing 30+ years of hate radio / TV. All in the name of " fairness ".
When Trump refused to accept the outcome of the election you are calling for the overthrow of the government of the United States. The government is run by the Constitution and when you refuse to accept the Constitution you are calling for the overthrow of the government.
"If you think that is good, well then, you do." - Donald J. Trump Also, "Hillary Cunton...CLINTON...Hillary Clinton" Dude Freudian slipped the C-bomb
To hear him tell it, we really don't have much choice, do we? If we want him, he's president. If we don't want him... sounds like he's talking coup. I mean, he has *two hundred generals*
Most of the people who vote for him literally aren't aware of most of his intentions, they just see one of their own in him. There's no point asking if this and that is what they want. They don't even understand that it's what Trump wants, but they understand and share his views on minorities, women's issues and things like that. He's the kind of guy that they associate with in life: primitive, loudmouthed, selfish, bigoted and ignorant.
Franco 2.0
Even douglas accepted lincoln.
But he also believes the constitution is an infallible document that should be interpreted strictly. hmm....
[I tried to save it till election day but I couldn't help myself.](http://imgur.com/a/vvRht)
[On November 9th](https://m.popkey.co/c21e18/a0G0k.gif)
Have you shown this to the admins? I would think they'd at.least reprimand this jackass for his behavior.
Lol cuck
[Of course.](https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-eBkEpLMHzYw/Vxi86J9RF8I/AAAAAAAAOxY/fut4rpVUpvcwK4eJJst7VvaZyNrzxIIEACLcB/s1600/4_21%2BHillary%2Bthought%2BHaters%2Bgonna%2Bhate.jpg)
I gave in a week ago. http://imgur.com/hPO2wgi
Make sure you have a throwaway subbed for when they go dark on the 8th
What a hilarious message from the mod lol (hilarious in a sad way)
Chris Wallace was the best moderator of all the debates in my opinion. He was fair to both the candidates and the audience while asking relevant questions and intervening just enough. Props to him.
I agree. I felt he was extremely fair to both sides.
He did get a more sedate Donald.
There were a few times he actually laughed at Trump and not because he was being funny.
Trump: "No one respects women more than me!" Audience: *audible laughter*
Wait...did that really happen?
It sure did. And he said it with a straight face too. Trump is patholological.
Trump : I like the color blue Moderator : Mr Trump, since you like the color blue how would yo... Trump : Wrong Moderator : You just sai.... Trump : You didn't hear that. Wrong.
Yes it did.
Like the time he boasted, with pink face and balled fists, that he had a great temperament. Dude makes his own gravy and then steps right in it, it's amazing to watch.
Yes. He has been laughed at by the audience in all three debates.
Yep. >TRUMP: Nobody has more respect for women than I do. Nobody. >(LAUGHTER) >TRUMP:Nobody has more respect... >WALLACE: Please, everybody.
Can anyone link this? At work, can't peruse through the whole debate since I missed it last night.
https://www.c-span.org/video/?c4626112/reaction-allegations-sexual-assault&start=264
Thanks
Actually a better link would be https://youtu.be/ANT_ZBhpvtw?t=3334
[@55.34] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANT_ZBhpvtw)
https://youtu.be/ANT_ZBhpvtw?t=3310 note this is the 1 of the few times hillary is SUPER SERIOUS
In is in the clip [here](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/donald-trump-debate-respects-women_us_580825b9e4b0180a36e8dcad) in the first ten seconds.
That was a public execution, wow. Clinton took Trump by the ears and flung hm into a wood chipper.
Grabbed him by the pu...rfect bait.
>Four more years of Obama Sounds good to me!
On a serious note, who sets the laws stating that a President may only serve two terms? I think a majority would favour a 3rd Obama term over both options currently on the table. EDIT: Thankyou for the replies! I now know a little more than before.
Congress, back in 1947. Dewey said he was in favor of it, since "four terms, or sixteen years, is the most dangerous threat to our freedom ever proposed"
The 22nd Amendment to the Constitution. https://www.law.cornell.edu/constitution/amendmentxxii > No person shall be elected to the office of the President more than twice, and no person who has held the office of President, or acted as President, for more than two years of a term to which some other person was elected President shall be elected to the office of the President more than once.
It's a constitutional ammendment
Roughly 56% of the US agree.
Sounds better than 1 1/2 more years of existence!
Someone should tell Trump that saying "4 more years of Obama" is a compliment. Obama is extremely popular right now.
I guess more people hate Obama than support Trump. He's going for the handful of Anti-Obama conservatives that aren't sold on Trump yet.
Trump only listens to his base, who think Obama is a n-----
Obama is a nagger, He didn't strike me as one.
What? Sorry there was a church bell.
If Hillary ever gets locked up it will be for the biblical ass kicking we just watched.
For raping Trump in public. Full on assault!
Kicked his ass so bad his hair was... oh yeah it's always like that.
Under animal cruelty laws.
VOTE JOE EXOTIC TO DESTROY THE EVIL ANIMAL RIGHTS GROUPS https://youtu.be/sc-_7RCFArM
Tonight was the first debate she really had fangs. All the attacks landed perfectly.
"Well, Bernie Sanders also said you're the most dangerous man to ever be nominated for the presidency." Direct. Hit.
Congratulations to President Hillary Clinton
"ISIS is going to be a problem. Lots of luck to you, Hillary." -Trump
Puppet. NO *you're* a puppet
She really grabbed him by the pussy and ripped that baby out.
*Madame* President...
Everyone needs to vote. And Trump voters make sure you get out there on the 28th.
Nasty woman
With all the shit that has been happening I figured that "Nasty person" would have been a better choice of words.
I couldn't believe he fuckin said that after jabbing at her all night
I wonder what's going on in Bill's mind when he said that
" He doesn't know the half of it ;) " Yes bill Clinton thinks in emoticons
love this response
"thanks for the easy win"?
He was *so* close to saying bitch, cmon Don! Serious question though: If Trump's opponent was a man, and he had similar remarks about Trump, would he interject to say "What a nasty man?" Is that not seen as talking down to her as a woman?
He did call Jeb a nasty guy in one of the primary debates. Primary debates can be a little rougher though, as the brighter spotlight and higher standard of the presidential debates in the general tend to press candidates to be on their best behavior. So I don't know if he would have talked that way to a man in these debates, but definitely he had been similarly insulting in the primary debates. Either way, it's not a good look, definitely looks worse for a man with Donald's reputation to say that to a woman.
Wrong.
I never said that!
I would've lost my shit if she leaned into the mic and said this
Wrong
sniff
I never said that.
Google it.
Sean Hannity
Will somebody please call Sean Hannity?
Thank God he didn't bring up Sidney Blumenthal this time.
This was the least close debate by a *considerable* distance
Debate 1 was an even bigger win for Hillary, I think, mostly because Trump occasionally was able to string together a coherent sentence or two here. But yeah, this one wasn't close.
Was so worried about the election until the first debate. Now I'm just hoping people actually vote.
I dunno, I thought debate 1 was a complete slaughter.
Wallace just shook her hand like he was meeting the President.
Yeah I noticed that too...she's definitely earned every bit of that respect after destroying Trump in three debates.
Reminds me of the aftermath of the *West Wing* Bartlett debate.
He knows.
I so noticed that. Great moment.
Then Trump shook Chris's hand like he was trying to either steal his watch or sell him a shit car
Trump turns the handshake so his hand is always on top. He wins at handshakes. Bigly.
There isn't even a debate at this point. He even called her a nasty woman when she was detailing her policy. What an insane idiot
I mean. Someone who orders stooges to incite violence at an opponents rallies for political gain. Kind of a 'Nasty Woman' thing to do.
Do people seriously not understand that he is throwing the election because he was a plant by the Clinton's. C'Mon sheeple. See it for what it is.
This debate truly showed the chasm between Trump and Clinton as it relates to politics. Whether you like her or not, it's hard to argue that she doesn't have intricate policies that have been at least planned out well. Trump spent the debate arguing WHAT he was going to do, but Hillary discussed HOW and WHY she was going to do it.
It wasn't about the jab about him not paying taxes?
I can't believe he speaks that way to the future president of the United States.
She said, "My Social Security payroll contribution will go up, as will Donald’s, assuming he can’t figure out how to get out of it." Both are pretty unclassy imo.
He is straight up despicable.
It's terrifying how many people love that type of behavior from him
Well she wasn't "detailing policy", she was zinging him for taking advantage of tax laws.
Honestly I wouldn't be shocked if he had called her a bitch. The man is a loon.
Oh fucking absolutely. She handled this perfectly. Level-headed, to the point with actual substance (mostly), and knew how to stick in jabs without looking like a jackass. Trump imploded with his answers on abortion, frankly. I dont see how he pulls out of that one. AND HE DIDNT SAY HE WOULD ACCEPT THE ELECTION RESULTS, WHAT IN THE FUCK!
No, no. No one respects women more than him, remember?
That's what got me. Not only did he interrupt her, he straight up insulted her. That was pure stupidity, and I think everyone can agree on that.
His followers disagree with you and agree with him.
But no one has greater respect for women. 10 second ad. From one live airing.
It was so unwarranted! She's explaining a policy - what's nasty about that? It would have made slightly more sense if he said it when she was talking about him - but the things she said were true anyways!
She literally said, "My Social Security payroll contribution will go up, as will Donald’s, assuming he can’t figure out how to get out of it.” She directly referenced him...
She wasn't talking about the video or Alicia Machado, or anything personal. He says he is proud of not paying taxes
The snide remark in reference to him wasn't necessary to explain an increase in payroll contributions. I'm anti-Trump but I would much rather the two candidates would just talk policy instead of looking for opportunities to slight the other. It's a sad day for American democracy for me.
It was more bait. We have seen this in the past with debates, and honestly, that was fairly tame next to some others.
I don't think that's predominantly Hillary's fault
He also chose the worst time to say it too, it was practically his closing point for the final debate before the election. And he probably won't think anything of it because *you know* that everyone in his safe space fucking loved it.
My brother and I had a bet that he'd call her a bitch. He didn't go quite that far, but he came close enough that I think it counts. I WIN THIS ROUND, BROTHER DEAREST! Time to pay up.
He didn't actually say bitch. In the spirit of fairness and the fact that you won overall, you should happily pay up.
Why? Why would you take *his* side? Ugh, dad, YOU RUIN EVERYTHING. It's okay, he agreed it was close enough for a sibling bet. He's finally going to admit to our parents he was the one who screwed up the computer when I was 7 and he was 10.
Don't forget that one time when he said 'this.... person'
There was a moment where he called her "person" or something and he had a noticeable pause and I'm positive he was struggling not to call her a bitch
No, he was probably changing his wording so his comment wouldn't be twisted into a sexist remark. Some people construe referring to someone as a woman as a sexist slur, but not referring to someone as a man or person.
possibly, although I'm not sure the rest of his performance lends itself to the interpretation that he was choosing his words carefully to avoid being construed as sexist
That was what I thought at the time, that he was going to say woman but had a quick mental debate about whether that could be perceived as sexist and decided to go with "person" instead. That went out the window when he called her a nasty woman. Now I don't know what that was about.
Doesn't trust this...this...person! Yeah Donald we all know what you were thinking
But he showed incredible restraint by not saying it! /s
Love that principle run she went on. Showed trump as a self-centered entitled baby who thinks the world isn't fair when nothing goes his way.
When she talked about how women are familiar with the kind of shit Trump does regularly, the way she delivered it was incredible. Her entire attitude shifted to become more somber. I don't think anyone could have said it better than her.
Moderator-Donald what you said last debate about Aleppo was false, do you want to clarify? Trump-Have you seen it? Have you SEEN it? If people say Donald won or even tied this debate I would lose faith in this country.
Wallace saying that Trump lied about Aleppo in the last debate was completely uncalled for. Trump said it had "fallen," in the sense that it fell from its previous heights, and the city was a shell of its former self. He didn't mean it fell off the face of the Earth, or that it was completely evacuated. Context is clear, and many people would describe Aleppo in the same way. Trump has lied about so much that there's no need to call him out on a descriptive hyperbole.
50% will. Trump might actually still win. What are you going to do then? Lol
The fact that he's even on that fucking stage makes me lose faith in this country.
Lose faith. Someone on my friends list said "he kicked her ass."
Gary Johnson's answer on Aleppo was better.
I think Johnson knows more about Aleppo than Trump, honestly.
"Donald used Trump Foundation funds to buy a six foot portrait of himself" "A six foot two portrait."
Did he actually say that? I didn't catch it.
"Such a nasty woman" comment needs to be heard all over the country.
Can someone link a highlight to this?
No one has more respect for women... ...Nasty woman
He doesn't respect women because he called her a woman? He said that because she insulted him.
Respecting women in general is different than respecting a particular woman's behavior.
How is that disrespectful to women?
My wife finds it very respectful when I resort to name calling during a disagreement
His comments about over-turning Roe v. Wade are the most startling to me. Chilling.
Clip/
It was honestly gross listening to that. I cringed at how much he tried to misconstrue what abortion is. I was disgusted.
Especially the "ripping them out just before birth" crap. He's basically saying he wants to ban Cesarian sections. No court *or* doctor is ever going to condone birthing then killing a viable baby.
Wow this focus group on CBS is brutal to Trump.
No TV, can you elaborate?
I'm watching MSNBC, which is obviously very anti-Trump. I just switched to CBS only to see Norah O'Donnell say there's gonna be a commercial break :/
There were about 20 voters....they asked if Trump not saying he would accept the results bother them and about 15 held their hands up. Asked if anyone changed their decision to vote and 2/3 that answered said they changed to Clinton. One guy went from lean Trump to Clinton and called Trump a child. Towards the end there were a few that called Clinton untrustworthy, but the bulk of the criticism was that they didn't like either, but they' choose Clinton.
> They didn't like either, but they choose Clinton I think that's the consensus of a lot of Americans
2016: the year of the least objectionable choice.
I know it's how I feel about it.
I hate Kellyanne Conway. Just now on CNN, "Trump had an amazing debate, he absolutely won and he won't need to accept the election results, because he's going to win it."
You're kidding.
Nope, she said that in the Spin room.
Christ...
So...wouldn't he need to accept the election results since he won in that fantasy world of hers?
That's her job...
You couldn't pay me enough to be such an obnoxious liar and have such low dignity as to defend a man like Trump.
Conway just walked off an interview on CNN.
really?? LOLOLOL even she can't defend that disaster
Whoa really!? Was it in a huff? I'm on the PBS stream.
Yup, just left.
Seriously? Why?
If this election doesn't end in a landslide then it will serve as a good argument against democracy.
WTF is this HOT MESS TRAINWRECK going on right now at CNN.
Alright, I hate trump alot, but CNN are absolutely out of touch with what people are thinking, they are getting absolutely rabid about things that I feel like aren't even super controversial with the public.
Trump surrogates backed into a corner having to try and defend a Presidential candidate refusing to state he'll accept results. So now it's back to the typical talking point of dead people are gonna vote.
oh you've never seen cnn post-debate? It's always a shitshow.
a lady in a pink latex outfit is yelling.
While wearing a large cross....
can i get a link to that shit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8peostu7zxs
you're great.
We just need to let her have her turn!
I cannot wrap my head around how people like Kayleigh Mcenany find ways to defend and spin Trumps comments.
I cannot wrap my head around how people like Robby Mook find ways to defend and spin Clintons emails.
You know what creeps me out? She actually looks like one of the women he is accused of assaulting.
$$$$$. Moderately attractive and articulate blonde women can make a good living. Moderately attractive and articulate blonde *conservative* women can make a *really* good living.
By getting paid an insane amount of money from his campaign
Hillz won this one. Don't thing trump moved the needle
http://i.giphy.com/3oriNL4drJSz3Nt7m8.gif Me during the debate.
Breaking the fourth wall when there is no fourth wall to break.
I'm so happy someone has this gif. I saw this and laughed out loud.
Anderson Cooper: "Oh c'mon"
He is so clearly over it. I love it.
[deleted]
Agreed. He didn't hammer her down when he had the chance, but Clinton also did a shit job defending herself. If Trump actually prepared for these debates instead of just winging the entire election, he'd have come out a very clear winner tonight. Instead it's more of a toss up who actually won.
You caught his new word as well! He is a veritable Shakespeare.
I don't fucking get this. On the first debate Donald stated that he will accept the election result. Now he just said he doesn't know and will leave it as a suspense. WTF has happened? What made him changed his mind?
He's saying that he's going to stay vigilant about it -- which might appeal to some people in his base. If he says that he'll accept it it contradicts his claims about a rigged electoral process. He probably also doesn't want to entertain thoughts about losing. Saying he'd accept Hillary's win is tantamount to saying he's going to lose. Which is something that he *really* hates to admit.
http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/?ex_cid=rrpromo
He is Donald Trump. His mind changes a lot.
He's losing that is what-if he is losing 'it must be rigged'. How could he *possibly* lose /s
He's losing now. Bigly.
At the time of the first debate he still genuinely thought he was winning.
He thought he would win by a landslide
His campaign has been going down in flames since then. He's prepping for a loss.
This is evident by him not trying to seek out new voters. Generally Republicans try to move Left in the General but he's not doing this. He's smart enough to understand polling so he knows it's likely over and probably prepping for other plans post election.
He had a shot after the RNC. Now we're at a point where his odds are abysmal. That's what happened.
it became obvious that he was going to lose.
He believes people that tell him there is no way he could lose to Clinton.
Psychosis.
His election night (concession?) speech has the potential to be legendary.
He thought he was going to win, and now everyone knows he won't.
>I don't fucking get this. On the first debate Donald stated that he will accept the election result. Now he just said he doesn't know and will leave it as a suspense. >WTF has happened? What made him changed his mind? He figured out he's going to lose...........bigly
Trump winning stopped being plausible.
The polls really turned on him. A part of me thinks he genuinely can't accept losing so needs to blame it on something external to himself
Holly shit, Kellyanne Conway looks like she's aged 10 years since her work on this campaign.
She always had that horse-face look
Her dress and hair are so off tonight.
I think she's on xanax
Amen
I just said that.
She's gotta be living on booze, nicotine, and blow. At least that's the only way I could tolerate it.
http://www.executivespeakers.com/Upload/Speaker/Kellyanne-Conway.jpg
Who wouldn't look tired, having to pretend day in and day out that they think Donnie is competent and fit to be Prez?
Meanwhile Kayleigh still looks on point because she thrives on the liberal tears of frustration at her wackadoodle statements.
She's probably been drinking profusely.
If trump thinks it is rigged then he should not accept it even if he wins it. Will he?
When he was losing primaries, he said it was rigged. The he started winning and basically admitted that he was full of shit.
No no no, It'd only be rigged *against* him. If it's *for* him, it's *obviously* the will of the people.
> One of the Trump sons just told Fox News that being president will be "a step down" for his father. https://twitter.com/igorvolsky/status/788942042260869121 lol
It would be a step down for the entire world, that's for sure.
Holy hell is Jeffrey Lord an idiot. And Kayleigh just quoted Rush Limbaugh.
What kind of moron says he's going keep you in suspense about whether he accepts the result of a democratic American election. *eye-roll*
An orange one, apparently. (I couldn't believe that, either.)
A guy who writes suspense novels.
People have to tune in again next week!
Same trump time, now on the trump news channel
Anyone not watching CNN....you are missing out!
Alright, I change from MSNBC. This better be good.
Are you kidding. Good times. Especially love the nut in the background screaming and holding a Hillary Queen of Nothing sign. Umm ok. lol.
Jeff lord definitely has a dildo up his butt..
Who's the black guy in the blue suit on CNN, I wanna follow him on twitter Edit: thank you
serious, Van Jones is the only rational person on this panel
Miles Davis
I think that's the dude from the Netflix superhero show with the stone skin
what he'd say this time? i missed it. Van Jones spits fire.
He quoted LL Cool J earlier, and he has been consistently taking apart Kayleigh and Jeffrey Lord's arguments, but I think what really spoke to me how he talked about people being offended and how that should lead to civility, and instead Jeffrey, Kayleigh, and in general a lot of people, just attack the person who say they were offended instead of figuring out why.
Referenced LL Cool J lyrics, for one, talking about Trump: "He lies about the lies that he lied."
That was a bit ago. Thought it was something more recent. But yeah that was a good line.
https://twitter.com/VanJones68
Van jones
Van Jones
Van Jones
Jan Vones.
vones jones
Nones Vojnes.
veejay jeejay
Careful there. Trump might grab you.
Van Jones
Van Jones
van jones. fucking genius.
Van Jones awesome guy
Van Jones
give Van Jones a 60-120 minute show that's just him being furious about things.
Only if he gets to sit across from Stephen A Smith
I wouldn't watch it with SAS. It'd be like Black Crossfire.
it's called "Luke Cage," it's on Netflix
Someone who is better than me on photoshop could do the splice.
That was a long episode, when are the Defenders?
He has to sit there and listen to Jeff and Kayleigh tell him how racism isn't real.... I don't know how he does it. He's always so diplomatic.
I keep waiting for the bitch slap (on either of them). It hasn't come yet.
this Jeffrey guy has gotta go. he keeps bringing up this Al Gore thing.....and hes totally wrong.
Lord is literally paid to lie. He MUST defend the repub position, no matter the facts. Think of him more as a performance artist, or a politically driven Andy Kaufman.
He reminds me of in the first X-men movie when the [senator starts mutating and his skin is all rubbery](http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/x-men-movies-canon/images/9/90/K.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20121111160900)
this is *NOT* an undecided voter from Texas.
same here fellow Texan
Colbert is literally shoving his Emmy awards in Trump's face now.
Damn I'l have to wait..I dont have a T.V. :'(
Is that showtime?
Hillary won it by a decent margin. This was Trumps last chance, and the last time he was going to be on a national stage till election day. He choked. Hillary is our next president. Now the question is by how much will she win.
> Now the question is by how much will she win. I predict she will do better than Obama did in 2012, (he won by 5 million votes then) but not as good as he did in 08 (he won by 9.5 million votes then). I also predict the Democrats will retake the senate. And only because Trump has been such a disaster and for the Republican Party. Way to go, Donald.
Just remember to tell everyone to vote and go vote yourself!
I am probably just worried everyone thinks that the winning the debate means winning the election and be so complacent to not vote. Hillary sure does have lots of issues but if you guys hand the presidency to Trump, there is surely going to be some insane shit storm during his term.
Corey Lewandowski is quite possibly the most unlikable personality on all of television.
Is he the guy that talks like he is on speed?
Yes
he seems like a guy who gets coked up and beats his wife within an inch of her life
He sounds like a little mouse.
Sorry, Ann Coulter holds that title already. No way is a little mouse like Lewandowski going to take that away from her.
Can't argue there.
George Takei has been amazing https://twitter.com/GeorgeTakei/status/788906216625963008
He's amazing, read them all. https://twitter.com/GeorgeTakei
I'm not sure for people feel about him these days, but if you ever get a chance to listen to one of Howard Stern's old shows when they have George sitting, definitely check it out. He's hilarious. In a completely natural way.
If the crowd does not serve any purpose why have a crowd?
Something to give to donors paying for the event.
For validity's sake I guess. It is better to have a live audience to witness that the debate is actually live and not prerecorded or anything.
Because it would be pretty awkward just having the three people talking to an empty room.
You forget the camera guy.
He wouldn't talk, though. Or show up on camera.
But he'd shake the camera up and down when he liked what he was hearing, side to side when he didn't
Lol suddenly the format of the debates would be "Tim and Eric." I'd watch, can't lie.
Trump at his rally's has talked so much shit about hillary and the us government. Going as far as to call it her "cartel". at the debate though he seemed like kind of a pussy. He's like r/the_denalds... all they do is troll around in their "safe space" and block anyone who tries to tell them they're delusional. Same with trump, he talks so much shit at his rallies, aka safe spaces, but when he's faced with the opportunity to shut her up and talk shit on a larger scale he freezes. what a loser.
[deleted]
no no, his recent rallies this week, he's used "cartel". i'll find the video. edit: watch trump rallies from this week, its in one of them. i can't stand to hear his voice and BS.
Dammit...I thought that was a real sub.
With every action there's a reaction. If he had sat there the whole debate and tried to "shut her down" the media would double-tap his entire campaign.
fuck that. when was trump the type to care about what the media says about him. he's so outspoken about how dishonest the media is and blah blah... i love how his whole family claims media bias "they've never wrote anything good about us and the campaign"... please tell me one good thing you have done that is newsworthy to write about. And no, Melania, tipping 20% at a restaurant doesn't count.
My fav part was when Hillary called him a puppet and he was like "No, you" lol he used the I know you are but what am I argument. Flawless
You're a towel!
I was waiting for the "I'm rubber and you're glue" rebuttal from Trumpbag or T-Bag.
Trump now claiming the debate was rigged? https://mobile.twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/789117930801926148
They rigged it by implanting those painful nanobots in my head. Arrrrrgh!
Hey, who put all these nanobots in my cocaine? *snf*
That's the kind of Trump response that's like...you know when an Italian chef makes something just right and they do that fingertip kiss? Like that.
Dude literally has no chill.
You just can't handle the puppet.
OFFS. I won BUT IT WAS RIGGED AGAINST ME.
Known leftist, Chris Wallace, from Communist Fox News leaks his debate questions to Hillary Clinton.
I cannot believe what I just watched. The fact that a *candidate for President* just said he would not accept the result of an election. That he would imply it was fraudulent. Knowing that doing so that would deliberatly incite some of his supporters to armed insurrection. I thought Hillary owned some shit there but that comment scares me to fucking death. I can't even enjoy Olbermann's #byefelicia tweet.
He never said he wouldn't, he said "we'll see" - and it already IS fraudulent as seen in the veritas videos + wikileaks releases..
I watched the videos and didn't see evidence of voter fraud.
You literally do not understand the cornerstone of the American Democracy. You just don't.
He's being a moron as usual. Guaranteed he'll accept the results, and then make sure to thank his loyal fanbase and make sure that they know he loves them (and also that they should buy his stuff!)
Even if he accepts the results, he floated the idea of not doing so. No. Fuck no.
Hey, i'm with you. (FYI, I'm from MA too. represent! :P)
It's ironic that Donald launched his campaign complaining about phantom Mexican rapists and he will lose for being an actual sexual predator.
Donald Trump: Episode I: The Phantom Rapist
Clinton didn't even try to deny it when Trump said the women were plants or they were just looking for attention
There was nothing to deny. Because that made him look bad, very bad.
How is that nothing to deny? Claiming that one campaign paid people to accuse the other candidate of sexual abuse is a huge claim and definitely merits a response of some kind.
> accuse the other candidate of sexual abuse A candidate, who was caught on tape bragging about "Grabing Them By The Pussy" and not being able to restrain himself from kissing beautiful women. (more sexual assault).
Yes that was bad but talking about it is different than actually doing it
No, but him bragging about doing it sure makes him look at lot more guilty.
Partially due to the Hispanic vote.
"No one has more respect for women than me." 15 minutes later: "Such a nasty woman."
You think she should get special treatment just because she's a woman?
Should Trump get special treatment because he is mentally challenged?
lol great one.
I did not intend that to be a joke. I was 100% serious.
clever haha
Goddamn that was savage
I wasn't even making a joke, I honestly believe the man has some sort of mental deficiency. If you look at his pattern of speech, the word salad that he spews, the things that he believes and the way that he behaves, there is no way a rational intelligent human being would act like that. Would say those things. I believe that he is really really dumb, has a mental disorder, or is a drug addict. Or some combination of all three. So I was making a serious comment.
Fair enough! Considering his age and affiliations, I would say years of drug use have affected him
Respecting women in general is different than respecting a particular woman's behavior.
Yeah that was just horrible to hear, and on a question that she was answering about Medicare.
Get out your brooms, Hillary swept the debates!
Lol...she bombed the last debate.
If she swept the debates, why would we have to get out brooms? What would *we* sweep?
Is that what's on Donald's head?
Hat trick.
Oh baby a triple!
Stayed awake in Europe up to 5 am. Worth it to see this
I hope the headline for The Onion on Nov 9th is "Trump Defeats Bill Clinton in Landslide at the Polls" (subtext: still loses badly to Hillary.)
"bigly"
That's a good headline, I love it.
I have great respect for women. She is a nasty woman. -Trump
treating them equally means you respect them
This is a god damn shit show
Welcome to the 2016 Presidential Election. Would you like your coat placed in watery or soft stool.
Chris Wallace was fantastic. He handled this about as well as anybody could have.
Yeah he's been the best moderator.
I like how ~~Captain Hindsight~~ Trump blames Hillary for everything bad that ever happened in the war and her strategy to combat ISIS, but he doesn't offer a crumb of a plan. I assume either his plans are going to be criticized just as terribly, or he has no plan.
That's what stood out to me - Trump was only speaking about past mistakes. Clinton at least provided some semblance of a plan. It's a lot better than "We'll see."
No no no. They're all secret, because otherwise all of the ISIS leaders will see the news and move out of Mosul! You have to sneak attack.
He doesn't want ISIS to know his plan. /s
Kellyanne Connway being asked if she's disappointed that Trump contradicted her and Ivanka about acknowledging the results of the election. She says he will accept the results because he's going to win.... are you kidding me?
Not much she can say on that. Her boss really put her in a bad spot.
She said that a few days ago too... Of course, it can't be rigged if he wins, but if he loses it definitely is! (Same with the Republican primaries.)
I'm still watching the feed and Trump looks so spent. Hillary is taking selfies.
Stamina!
My god Kellyanne Conway is just delusional and rude. Anyone just see her on CNN? Her head is so far up her ass it's actually amazing.
If the results are positive, he'll accept! If they aren't, well....
She deflected to the assumption he had already won the election then fled.
Trump's already in his SUV, Hillary's still out on the floor shaking hands and meeting with people. He doesn't have the stamina for it.
Sta-min-A
Trump: "No one has more respect for women than me." ::half an hour later:: Trump: "Such a nasty woman."
"I'll keep you in suspense." Donnie. There's no suspense here. You losing and you then acting like a disgraceful little shit is about suspenseful and surprising as the sun rising tomorrow.
A million people die every year in the US. It's been 4 years. 4 million dead people are on the voter rolls, and will be removed when they don't vote. Kayleigh trying to spin this as fraud pretty hard.
CNN right now is exactly how holidays with my family go
Ugh, those Trump apologists are living in their own reality. And Kayleigh McEnany's voice is like an ice pick jammed into the skull and stirred around.
you're going to have a fun holiday this year
Trump cannot handle more than 30 mins. He goes down the drain and just implodes.
Mad respect to Chris Wallace. Somehow managed to take 2nd place in the debate.
Wallace was great no doubt
Refusing to pay credence to the convention of peaceful transfer of power... this is crazy.
Thank. God. That's. Over.
Politics aside, this is my opinion of this year's Presidential Race: Trump spent so much time arguing about small points that he won a few battles. Hillary won the war. Congrats Hillary, I still wish you were Bernie though.
Van Jones is the Real MVP in this panel... Can we just elect him?
Quote a rap legend and spit some math? Dude's killing it.
This guy is sanity, simply put. He and David Axelrod deserve medals for dealing with Jeff Lord and Kayleigh
he needs his own show imo
Van Jones seems to be really intelligent and on point. He needs to get more exposure.
You clearly are not familiar with him.
No not at all. He may be a lunatic who pulled it together for this evening. He's laying out some good insight tonight.
CNN is literally more entertaining than the actual debate right now.
100% agree. Omg.
These focus groups are dumb as hell
Anyone who's undecided at this point is a fucking moron.
Because someone complained about Clinton not answering some questions (comment now deleted): She sidestepped a lot, while Trump ran head-on into every trap. You're not supposed to address every question completely, you just gotta come out on top. The debate is to short to actually answer every question properly. So Clinton sidestepped things to shift the focus on her issues. I don't like it but that is how debates work. If she addressed every single conspiracy theory Trump brings up she'd get pulled down on his level. That's why she never defends Bill Clinton when Trump starts talking about him - Hillary knows that she doesn't have to address this. If she did she'd let Trump change the narrative.
> Bigly > Swatches of land > You're the puppet! For the non-political errors that were amusing that were completely overshadowed by everything else.
> You're the puppet! He did this more than once in the debate. "I know you are but what am I?" Donald taking debate prep from third-graders.
Towelie, I think.
Apparently Hillary wasn't told that "No, you're *mom*'s the puppet!" was the correct response.
[deleted]
Autism
Honest to god, anybody who is undecided at this point needs to be given an IQ test. Well, golly gee... Trump bragged about sexually assaulting women and going backstage at beauty contests as teenagers get changed, and then women who were assaulted by Trump started coming forward and pageant contestants started coming forward, plus Trump is cozy with Putin and, in fact, Wikileaks is working with Russia to get Trump elected, not to mention that Trump is whining about the system being rigged now that he's losing... but on the other hand... something, something, Clinton deleted emails. ...undecided?!? Holy hell. Trump is being taken to court in December for raping a 13 year old child... but, something something Hillary emails...? There comes a point where one has to ask, how stupid are these people?!?!? A quote from George Carlin comes to mind: Some people are really fucking stupid: > **"[Think of how stupid the average person is... and realize, half of them are stupider than that.](https://youtu.be/8rh6qqsmxNs?t=16s)"** Rest in peace, George. You are missed.
Screw that. I think we should make them breathe on a mirror, just in case the zombie apocylypse started and we all thought they were just regular people. I can understand voting for the worst candidate in history, at least to some degree. But "durr, I dunno, can you get them to shout at each other for a bit?" is just not a convincing argument.
Nobody voting for Trump is concerned with truth or morality. These people don't really believe in anything. They just hate immigrants and want an excuse to let their darkest desires crawl their way out of their psyche.
Lead poisoning.
did I hear trump say something about Reagan being wrong. Isn't that pretty bad thing for a Republican to say? Reagan is basically a deity to the party
But not to his supporters.
Hillary brought that up too. What a fucking poison pill she tossed out. And he doubled down on it.
Trump's closing statement was a bigger endorsement for Clinton than her own!
He honestly couldn't have ended the final debate any better for Hillary and any worse for himself. "She's four more years of Obama!" Meanwhile, Obama leaving office with his highest-ever approval ratings.
These are the things that make you believe against belief that he's a plant. Then you remember that he's taken himself from being a B-list celebrity to being a tax-dodging, charity-stealing, violence-instigating, race-baiting, commie-sympathizing, child-ogling, sexual-assaulting, vexatious-litigating, carrot-chromatophorming, tic-tac that is polling within 10% of being the leader of the free world.
> commie-sympathizing I assume you're referring to his ties with Russia which is more of a plutocracy or autocracy. Calling him a commie sympathizer is really a disservice to honest communists everywhere.
He knows going negative on Obama will appease his base, and that's seemingly all he's cared about for the entire election. Probably in the hope that they'll buy cheap shit with gold spray-paint on it from Trump TV commercials later on.
>Obama leaving office with his highest-ever approval ratings. But that's not what my grandma's ALL CAPS EMAIL FWD:::::: said
He could. Just imagine a continuation of Obama's legacy, with Bernie running the senate. Hell, go all out and say she'll appoint Obama to the SCOTUS.
Obama for her FIRST scotus pick, Mrs Obama for her second.
I think he's genuinely stupid. Tying your opponent to the sitting president is a great idea if they're massively unpopular, it's an awful idea if he has fantastic favorables currently.
The winner tonight? Voyager 1 space probe, flying away from Earth at 38,610 mph.
I saw that tweet after the second debate.
Still the winner.
I think the real winner was Chris Wallace. I feel he did an excellent job moderating. I'm not a Hillary fan but that doesn't mean I want gotcha questions for her and softballs for trump. (I don't like trump either). I think the questions were fair and he also controlled the crowd very well. I hope he can be moderator in the future.
He did an exceptional job. And I don't care for Fox News.
He was amazing and that closing line about how important voting is to the process is something we as Americans do not hear enough.
I work as an election inspector (I set up the machines, and I'm the guy at the table when you come in to vote) and voting is so so important. I wish more people valued the importance of voting. It's frustrating to hear people say that they aren't even going to bother going to the polls. (Please do, 16 hours is a long time to be doing practically nothing.) even if someone cast a blank ballot in protest, at least they showed up and made an effort to be there. I really think people should get more involved in local elections especially. Local politicians are literally your neighbors. You have much greater access to them then anyone else, so holding them accountable can be a more clear cut and gratifying process.
"Four more years of Barack Obama is exactly what you get with her" You know what? I would vote for Obama again if I could and so would the majority of country. So that's fine, I can deal with that.
I wish obama couldve ran again instead of hillary
They did. It was pretty close actually.
Obama will ultimately be remembered as a good President, maybe even a great one in the coming decades and centuries. He wasn't perfect by any means, but nobody is going to be. I saw more places hiring since Obama came into office eight years ago. I have Obamacare and it's affordable on a $9/hr retail job. We killed Osama bin Laden and got out of Iraq. Good or not, it brought soldiers home alive. He's very intelligent and well-spoken. He seems to be an upstanding person, never had any personal scandals. I would love another four years of Obama. Hillary may not be as good of a choice, but she's the best chance we have.
I literally said "sounds good to me" when he said that haha
"Four more years of Obama" Hillary smirks, rightly so, have you seen his approval ratings lately? Such a tremendously stupid and nasty man, sad!
Clinton did very well tonight, especially that answer to her 30 years of experience. Trump was better than his first debate performance, however less than the second debate despite starting strong. I think he's done as a candidate - he really needed a miracle tonight.
I missed all but the last 10 minutes of the first debate, but it was seriously worse than tonight? Worse than debating the moderator and not saying if he would accept the election results or not?
You're likely exhausted, but watch a replay of the first debate some time this week. It was the turning point in this election. The Access Hollywood tape was the second crucial blow.
He had plenty of miracles. People are saying this, the best people.
yeah, saying he wouldn't accept the results & the "nasty woman" comment...don't see that's going to help him at all with moderates.
Yeah, not accepting the results seems to be the takeaway from this debate. As much as the 2000 election pissed me off, as a country we accepted the decision. We accepted GWB, yet Trump and his supporters won't abide Clinton if she wins.
Trump wouldn't agree to acknowledging results of the election. That's fucking insane.
I can get behind that
He's just trying to get that little bit of extra attention he craves.
Trump wants to start a civil war...
"She's a nasty woman" This comment should be the last nail in the coffin for Trump. It won't be, but by all measure it should be.
We can only bury him under votes.
Chris Wallace did a good job tonight. Most of his questions were framed in the most Fox-Newsy way possible, but they were still very good questions and he was tough on both candidates.
I believe that was necessary to be honest, it was a nice touch to see him go after them about dishonesty, even though he said he would not play as a truth squad
Best of the 3
I don't think Trump is even trying to win anymore, he's whipping up his base into an audience for his future TV network.
If CNN was so biased why did they cut from the debate directly to Trump's spokesperson to tell us he won?
I don't think anyone won this one.
Everytime they talk about it, there is a Trump Surrogate and a Clinton Surrogate.
4D chess
and why did she flee away so suddenly?
Hillary Clinton debated a 6th grader.
Donald Trump would have gotten a negative score in a middle school debate competition.
6th grader? That's generous.
That cnn poll is never "minutes away"
for real i want to see what their definition of "minutes" is
give it 2 hrs. lol
Now I am really confused. Did Donald apologize to his wife? His wife said so, but he said otherwise. Who's lying, Donald, or his wife?
He apologized to his wife for his words to Billy Bush and not for sexually assaulting nine women.
I thought I saw her say that!
Yeah, even Trump should have realised that wasn't a good line. At a minimum, you say that you were sorry for her having to be put through all this, even if you deny any wrongdoing.
Wrong /s
Axelrod: Worst of the three debates for Trump
Yes.
And I thought he started off very strong and poised. It derailed very, very quickly.
Gee, can't possibly think of a reason why Trump falters after 40 minutes *sniff*
Kayleigh just shut up, why are you even on this stage
Because they need someone for Trump, and she and Lord are actually the most qualified.
1950s... Bad Hombres...
lol he should have stopped there.
That was pretty funny.
Trump Jr. is on MSNBC, he has clearly gotten into the cocaine supply.
Is it better than the argument on CNN right now?
I'm going to have to watch it but CNN has me rolling.
He comes off so slimey, wow.
I'm done. Thanks for the laugh
Let's tell the hispanic lady how trump didn't offend hispanics tonight by telling them he was going to go out and round people up like the god damn gestapo in the middle of the night and put them all on trains and busses. Lmfao fuck this guy
Jesus makes shitty signs.
You dont say there's media bias when the republicans won the senate, etc. You only say there's bias in the media when you're team is losing - Van Jones killin' it
My favorite line from the debate thread: "Aren't most kids born by being ripped from their mothers womb at 9 months?"
I remeber saying more than oncw that Trump was basicly saying how bad Csection births were. I laughed at it.
YouGov Debate Poll has Clinton winning. Clinton 49 Trump 39 This rivals YouGov's numbers from the first debate. Second debate was Clinton 47-42.
I'm surprised, I thought the first debate was a complete blowout. This one was closer to the third, but not nearly as bad.
CNN about to give theirs
CNN 52 clinton / 39 trump
52-39 Clinton
Krauthammer just said it was "political suicide" for Trump. WEW LAD.
"Terrible mistake"
CNN Hillary: 52% Trump: 39% Hat trick, swept all 3 debates, they say.
I predict this is what election night results will look like too.
If she gets >50% vote, it'd be impressive. If she weren't a fairly weak candidate, she would probably have gotten it though.
Hat Trick Hillary
You guys gonna love this, want to know how I know that there is a God? Kellyanne Conway's birthday is on January 20th Edit: In case anyone is wondering, January 20th is Inauguration Day
Bravo
"But...but what about Al Gore!?" -Literally every Trump surrogate, right now.
It's the stupidest fucking argument I ever heard. Al Gore never once claimed the 2000 election was rigged. Not once.
No, but all of his supporters did. He may not have said the word himself, but his actions speak for themselves.
His actions? He conceded the election to GWB after the SC ruled.
He also accepted the results even though they weren't what he wanted.
So we're agreed that CNN will never have a show in front of a college crowd again, right?
I don't think this is a college crowd. Unless UNLV has a lot of jesus freaks?
Why no climate policy questions
Fox News duh
I just realized that this election is mirroring Skyrim with Trump being Ulfric Stormcloak and Hillary being Elisif
"Dark Elves are flooding into our cities!"
"fuck the the Dominion"
Whatever you say, Captain Sisko.
Sisko was a wet mop
Good thing Trump can't Shout, or he'd probably have done what Ulfric did to High King Torygg and literally Shout Clinton down.
Ulfric didn't even talk for the longest time, no way he's comparable to Trump. The grope o' lantern can't keep his mouth shut for more than ten seconds.
Grope o'lantern.. Take all of my internet karma internet stranger. You've made my day.
I can't get over the twice in a row faceplant of Donald saying that Hillary would be 4 more years of Obama when he has historically high approval ratings for a President in the end of his second term. It's like saying.. if you like cake, vote for Hillary, She'll give you so much cake.
> twice in a row faceplant That's dramatic. You mean facepalm, I presume!
Nope. Faceplant. He might as well have stage dived and nobody caught him.
But you shouldn't be getting cake!! That's big government telling you what to eat! ^/s
And to make those the last words of your last contribution to the last debate. Amateur hour.
That black guy is going off on CNN. What a boss
Van Jones. He actually worked for Obama years ago until some strange shit came up and he resigned. Something he said at the time.
Link?
I'd like to see him run for office. What a speaker.
Uncomfortable moment when Jeffries, who clearly doesn't understand the premise of everyone's issue with "bad hombres", looks to that guy and says something like, "it's not like he said the N-word!" That guy is a fucking moron. And not because of what he stands for.
Van Jones is a beast.
Van Jones, he's a pretty great guy as far as these panelists go. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Van_Jones
Who is he? I love his eloquent way of stating his point.
Van Jones. I have always felt that way, but has never been able to say it.
Van Jones.
Van Jones
[deleted]
van jones
"You cannot polish this turd" Classic.
Van Jones
Thanks!
van jones he is amazing
Van Jones. He has been taking Jeffrey Lord's ass to school all year on race. Look up some videos over the past 12 months with both of them in it in CNN and I promise you will be amazed.
Would look him up the moment this mass of a panel is over. Jeffrey is saying the most ridiculous things right now, I can't even believe it.
He cited LL Cool J. Come on, that's awesome.
That was amazing.
What a great debate performance from Clinton tonight! A few points: 1. Chris Wallace was an excellent moderator. Only thing I wish he brought up was climate change. 2. Trump just can't help himself. He took Clinton's bait over and over. His answers were also still too self centered. Very first thing out of his mouth tonight was about his ego and his issue with the judge. 3. Surprise, Trump still lies. 4. Clinton sounded presidential. Trump sounded like a spokesperson for Bannon. 5. The Trump surrogates on CNN are sounding extremely ridiculous tonight. Corey Lewandowski, Jeffrey Lorde, and Kayleigh are comparing Trump saying the election is rigged to Al Gore contesting result in 2000 because there was an automatic recount in Florida. Not even close to comparable!
> Only thing I wish he brought up was climate change. Only thing I wish he would have brought up that he didn't was education.
What is there to say about education anymore? we spend absurd amounts of cash on education compared to most other countries have had dozens of attempts from the right and the left to reform it and still lag far behind many western countries. At the end of the day education won't improve unless more kids see it as more important then Game of Thrones, League or going out on weekends.
Trump has already covered that. "I love the poorly-educated!"
I agree entirely. Trump was stronger tonight, which is a bad thing because when Trump feels confident and strong, he tends to say dumb shit.
No climate question. Disgraceful.
Appropriate. Climate change is mass hysteria.
Sure it is. Moon's made of cheese too.
You'll agree that I was right in 50 years time.
Not from fox news.
I felt like this debate really stripped away the two candidates to bare bones. Trump was shown to be extremely thin-skinned resorting to childish insults and outbursts. Hillary killed him with the "choked" line. Trump had nothing and Hillary was masterful. I don't think Trump did enough to overturn his falling numbers. The biggest thing in this debate was that Trump literally said that he would refuse the results of the election. That is completely mind-boggling.
>The biggest thing in this debate was that Trump literally said that he would refuse the results of the election. That's the theme of all 3 debates. He didn't only lose the debates, but made sure that he said some insane shit that would be the only talking point for the next 2 weeks. I mean, just losing the debates isn't such a big deal in and of itself. He not only lost the debates, but actually turned it into 3 weeks of campaign material for his opponent.
Refuse the results if he loses. That is absolutely worrying, and I'm glad Clinton called him out for insulting our democracy.
He did NOT say that. He did NOT say that! Edit: /s
Goddamn Trump was bad tonight. Jesus fuck.
And he still wasn't as bad as the first debate. And this man is running for President. Our parents weren't kidding when they said we could be President!
"No you are."
"Wrong"
And yet this was his best debate... he was so far outclassed.
It started good for him but he just gets baited so easily it is insane.
Trump saying he won't accept the election result is fucking terrifying. That's the kinda thing that happens in a banana republic.
Bob Schieffer's comment on CBS about that was also good. Like what does he expect to happen will he start a coup?
it is scary. i have images of states guards being nationalised and stationed around polling locations, fbi agents inside guarding ballot boxes, violence breaking out at newspaper buildings and television stations.
That's why I shop at Old navy.
Why is that so terrifying? What can he possibly do as a loser? He'd just be a sore loser and that'd just be the end of that.
I think he can legally contest it in court and drag it on.
Sure that would be annoying but i don't think i would find that fucking terrifying
Terrifying depends on the degree to which he riles up his base. MSNBC just made a great point in that every other country around the world will be looking at us thinking that there is a contested election. That we don't have a peaceful transfer of power, or even a valid president, and that even if the RNC contested for him, it doesn't have the same meaning as the candidate himself - and the possible ramifications in our economy, trust and standing in the world. Seriously, fuck this piece of shit. If he doesn't get what he wants, he's gonna burn down everything around him - how fucking dare he. He is a fraud, a weak, pathetic, loser. Fuck him.
Oh, God, is Trump going to force us all to wear khakis and overpriced polos?
Three wins in a row for Clinton. Once the insanity of Trumps answer to election results sinks in over the next few days, then this will be over.
Yep.
We can only hope. He still has a large number of people who will rush to the polls to put that the 5 year old dictator wannabe in office.
I am doing more than hoping. I am voting. Luckily, we have reason and science on our side. I'll always put my eggs in that basket. The right has abandoned reason and science and it will be their parties doom.
Clinton came pretty close to calling Trump a Nazi at one point, which was pretty interesting. When she was talking about his plans to deport undocumented immigrants, she characterized it as the government going door to door, rounding people up and loading them onto trains, then said something like "that's not what America stands for."
Even better, she made me and millions of others immediately think "Nazi" without having to mention it. That's class right there.
yup. I thought I was the only one that happened to.. that was really really well done..
She knows how to use imagery, it is not at all the most subtle use of it, but apparently subtlety has different standards in politics. It counts as so in this case since no one was expecting it and it was effective.
Yes, I was thinking at that moment if she's actually going to compare him to Hitler or not.
That was subtle, yet its intention was unmistakable.
Exactly. She called him a Nazi without saying it.
I can't imagine how else you kick out millions of families unless you go full nazi. Kind of wish she didn't stop short. We don't need someone in 2020 or 2024 still thinking mass deportation is a good idea.
"Such a nasty woman" Fuck off. [EDIT, wrote what, should be such]
well he's not wrong
Commence Gollum-Trump photoshops.
> Fuck off. That was the actual, guttural, out-loud, vocal response of all three people I was watching this debate with---it was one of those "jinx!" moments---and we're all Canadians, in Canada. I wonder if this will go down as the most simultaneous screams of "fuck off" in history.
Donald Trump didn't say he would concede the election. This is scary.
Really hope it's just talk.
Maybe it is for him, but what about his supporters?
Quick recap: **He might not accept the results of the election.** /thread
As a Canadian watching the debates, I'm amazed that he was chosen as the Republican nominee for President. How on earth does that happen?
My personal opinion: 1) To much knee jerk primary voting for the "non political" guy 2) A horrible and shity selection overall except for John Kasik. Item number one above was his demise but he was the smartest / best candidate in the room 3) Mob rules took over
So all the middle states are hurting, their individual economies are suffering because they refuse to tax the wealthy and corporations. They've drained the poor and middle class to the point of desperation. They then taught them it's the Democrats fault and they want to get them out of office. The red states are blindly believing the rhetoric that the jobs reports are doctored and we're actually worse off than in the recession.
We have too many people in this country that are still blinded by religion and fear, and Trump gives them the proverbial shoulder to lean on. Its truly sad that these are the nominees.
The other candidates were bad, and the primary-voting base has basically been slowly conditioned over generations to lap up the sort of demagoguery that Trump has been spewing. He pushed the buttons of the primary voters something fierce, and gave them the sort of anti-establishment candidate they'd been hoping for. Problem is... that strategy doesn't work on enough other people besides Republican primary voters and Trump didn't really react or modify his messaging to appeal to a more moderate audience. He also has absolutely no substance, but there's a lot of voters in this country who are seemingly more concerned with show rather than go.
Because a small portion of our country are reflected in trump. It is typically uneducated low income religious white people who are still pissed about the jim crow laws going away. Honestly these people and their wanna be emperor are an embarrassment to us all as a nation.
When a party spends 8 years denying basic facts, allowing racism to grow under the surface, and saying that everything in D.C. is pure shit, it seems almost natural looking back on it.
This is the result of total ignorance on behalf of many people in this country.
Cultural resentment, and a broken political party.
No one will forget "Nasty Woman"
I thought "Bad Hombre" and "It should've won (the Emmy)" rank up there too
The "should've won (the emmy) was a huge mistake, I can't believe he admitted he said that and believes it, basically proving Clinton's point.
MSNBC: "Alec Baldwin full employment debate"
To be honest after this final debate i think Hillary is the real nimble navigator.
This was priceless: “He said the Emmys were rigged “Should have gotten it.
"There is no one who respects women more than me....." Did he really just fucking say that?
Then literally speaks while Hillary is talking and calls her a nasty woman. Good grief...
Yes. For the second debate in a row.
Yeah he did. He is out of touch big time!
gaslighting
I wonder if the audience was laughing at this because Chris Wallace told everyone to cut it out afterwards.
MSNBC right now about Trump: "he was like an old man feeding ~~doves~~ squirrels in the park"
[deleted]
You're correct! I misheard!
Lol
Welp, Clinton just clinched the presidency for herself tonight. I can't believe Trump said he would leave us in suspense as to whether he'd accept the nation's vote.
Find out next season!
It reminds me of during the republican primary debates when he didn't raise his hand to say he would support whoever won the nomination. Except this definitely won't have the same effect for him this time around.
I LOVE PBS post debate discussion. It's so reasonable, calm and level headed. No one has yelled at anyone or even had to raise their voice.
Brooks and Shields, and Amy Walters are like the grownups in a room full of bickering children this election.
Brooks is their house conservative and he knows the ship has sailed and Trump is garbage.
Yeah, you hear the depression in his voice.
Wow sounds like a hidden gem
Yeah, I hitched onto the NPR/PBS live stream and it's really good for my blood pressure.
Hahaha, watching CNN... Vance - You can't polish this turd. Anderson - Technically you can't polish any turd. Love it.
Mythbusters did polish them though...
Then there's hope for Trump!
Who is this stooge comparing what Trump said tonight to what Al Gore did in 2000.
jeff lord
The Trump supporters just don't know what to do.
Trump has clearly been trained in classical debate technique. After all, resorting to "NO YOU ARE!" Dates back to grade school.
This. How the fuck can anyone say he did well when he throws out "No you are!!" like a fucking 5 year old. Throw in the not accepting the election results, and the nasty woman comment; he can't be seen as anything but a fucking buffoon.
Jesus, the fact that he is already saying he won't accept the results of the election is gonna incense his die hard voter base into doing some bad shit when he calls it rigged.
Thanks for the fear mongering
No nominee has ever said they won't accept the result of the people's choice for the presidency. He is going to go straight to his die hard supporters if/when he loses the election to try and do something to change the result.
Like Gore? Edit: or Bernie should judging from how Hillary and the DNC colluded to steal the candidacy from him
Gore fought it because the results were so close which I doubt will happen this time, it's gonna be a far margin one way or the other. After Gore had his day in court and it was a loss he bowed out and conceded to Bush, I highly doubt Trump will ever accept any result but one where he wins.
People saying that this was Trump's best performance......I guess you're setting the bar for Trump pathetically low. Half of what he said was complete nonsense
Did you watch the first two debates? It was pretty bad too.
I think it's pretty bad anytime someone asks Donald Trump a question that requires him to give a well thought out answer based on his prior knowledge, because frankly he isn't capable of giving one.
Well I'm going to make America great again, and she deleted 30000 emails. Pretty much every reply. I don't think there's a chance Donald will win,
I really hope he doesn't win, but I never thought he would make it this far to begin with so I guess anything is possible
Yeah I don't get how you can say that when he says "what a nasty woman" and then says he won't accept the results of the election. Not to mention he just sat up there the whole time scowling looking like toad. I mean he did alright for the first 20 or so minutes but then flopped around like an asshole the rest of the time. He pivots so much he just sounds like a drunk guy with no attention span.
I personally thought this was by far his *worst* performance. Much, much worse than either of the two prior debates. I think he didn't really put much effort into it either - he looked tired, sad, and defeated from the first minute of the debate.
He rambled so much that my spouse fell asleep on the couch.
Everybody on CNN is screeching at each other, it's like watching a really bad episode of It's Always Sunny.
The Gang Runs For President
It was over but that was the final nail in Trump's coffin. The only thing that will be discussed is his refusal to accept the results of the election. It's over.
I dare say with Trump we can never be sure that tomorrow won't bring another scandal or gaffe so strong it drowns anything we thought was so serious before. But I think you're right. And I think the effects will be deep. All his supporters will have to be constantly dicussing or defending until November 28th is what happens **WHEN HE LOSES**. That cannot be good for turnout. I just hope it doesn't depress turnout for Clinton as well.
Jeffery Lord is a bad hombre.
loyal to a fault.
Trump got dumpstered. While he was spouting vague platitudes and ad hominem attacks, Clinton spent her time breaking down exactly what she plans to do to help America while defending herself and riling Donald up.
All the dumbass had to say was yes, I will accept the outcome of the election. Instead, the only thing anyone will remember from this debate is that he won't accept the outcome. What a fool.
And what's so profound about this is that it was essentially the exact same question that ended Debate #1. Think about this. Yes, Donald was incoherent and rambling when he started to answer in Debate #1. Yes this looked really goofy compared to Hillary's "well... duh... of course" answer just prior. But he did finally wrap up his spastic word salad and state clearly that he'd support Hillary Clinton if she won. THAT was just before his polling started to dive. That was when he would have had a much easier time believing he could win. But just as Hillary so expertly described, he does this whenever he loses. And he knows full well he's losing now. It's a revealing flip-flop.
"such a nasty *woman*"
Van Jones having to tell Trump titheads the difference between DEVELOPED and DEVELOPING economies here.
That hombres line was hilariously bad, though.
What are you talking about? Latinos love him! ^Where ^is ^his ^African-American? /s
We got some bad hombres
Jeffery Lord just tried to excuse the bad hombres line by claiming that Trump watches too many 1950s Westerns...lol.
CNN is still delivering on gold
This is amazing right now
Latino person directly telling Jeffrey on CNN on hombres, "it was offensive to me" "No it wasn't" Riiiiiggghhhtt
To be honest, I'm pretty dismissive of the "bad hombre" comment as a Latino. But I just don't give a shit any more -- Trump is a POS.
Van Jones might be my fav CNN correspondent.
Get out and vote people. Organise your friends and family. Help folks get to the polls.
CNN POLL: 52 clinton , Trump 39
Isn't this basically a poll of who watches CNN? The Drudge poll is about 75/25 for Trump.
Is there a news source that everyone calls biased for the other side? Like, I just want a news source that democrats say leans right, and republicans say leans left. Then it's probably pretty good. I don't really like CNN. Apart from bias, I think their reporting is generally shit. I mean, not fox news level shit, but still shit.
"You can walk across it or drive across it." You're telling me how to navigate a bridge?
I was like, why don't you build a wall then? Why do you need the government?
Because when there's a fucking wall in the way, you won't be able to access no fucking Reynoso...
Really ISIS is coming in through our southern borders?
They are fleeing Iraq right now of course it is where they are going to cross.
It is certainly possible that terrorists could come across the southern border. If Mexicans with next to no money can do it, sure somebody backed by money can come across.
Wouldn't it be way easier to just come through Canada? Nobody gives a shit about the border up there, there's like 2900 miles of forest with a thin strip cut through to denote the border.
For real. And I think there are a ton of middle eastern people in Toronto
They can come in through Canada too. We need another wall.
The issue being that the majority of illegal immigrants come here legally and let their papers expire. There's no reason why terrorists couldn't also use that method and there's almost no way of stopping it unless you prevent all foreign workers in general.
True. 9/11 guys came here legally
That'd be true of any entry into the country, though. Anyone with enough funds can find a way in. A good portion of the illegals got here through work/study visas. Claiming that they can easily cross the Mexican border ignores the far easier methods they can and do use to enter the country.
Yep
They've been claiming without proof that terrorists are coming across the southern border since 9/11. First it was Al Qaeda, now it's ISIS. In the conservative mind, the Mexican border is a mystical gateway through which every manner of bad things come into America.
No.
Nobody ever talks about the Northern border
Ahh, that's why he was so sad about moose-ul
An undecided voter said that on CNN
You didn't know that Syria is in Central America? SAD!
Serious undecided voter. Totally
I need someone to make a I'm with Nasty Woman HRC logo ASAP
http://nastywomengetshitdone.com/ Link redirects to HRC website.
Brilliant!
There is no way this 'pro-life' Trump hasn't paid for abortions.
Hell, he tried to have Marla Maples abort Tiffany, if rumors are to be believed.
Mark Cuban always seems like he just got done doing a line of coke and chugging a Four Loko and it's great.
Trumpsters are in damage control / denial mode they're about to lose so they've resorted to shouting at CNN.
They're college students. They'll chant at their shadow.
They've been doing this all day. Vegas, man.
What are they shouting, anyway?
thats how the orange campaign ends.....with a fizzle. Some loons yelling in the background of CNN.
Hopefully it just fades away after the election but I'm not sure if it will.
Lol. Yep. Yep. A deserved end.
Anderson - "That's bull shit"
I missed it - did Andy actually say "bullshit"??
I think he did, another poster thinks it's "That's some bull". In the end, he did call BS, regardless of the words used.
Love it. I hope it'll be on YouTube soon.
Last night Trump blamed Hillary Clinton for: 1. Iraq War 2. ISIS 3. "Shrinking Economy" 4. Low GDP 5. Tax Loopholes 6. Benghazi 7. His female sexual assault accusers 8. Violence at his speech 9. NAFTA 10. Syria/Russia conflict 11. Stealing 6 billion dollars 12. current Mosul conflict 13. ...being a "nasty woman" He can't possibly believe all this shit. It will be glorious to not just see Trump lose the election, but lose his brand and any broad appeal his products might have otherwise had.
Well, at least half of them are directly related, 1/4 a contributor, and 1/4 is anyone's guess.
You don't personally believe that the public sector is, and has long been, out of control? You don't believe Hillary is a key member of said public sector? 1. We essentially installed Saddam, allowed him to commit atrocities for decades, but as soon as he decided that he was going to allow the trade of oil for euros, suddenly he became a terrorist overnight. 2. ISIS rose from a power vacuum we created. 3. Our economy has an enormous amount of bureaucratic deadweight, several labor markets soon to disappear and nearly 60% of the country has less than 0 net worth. 4. It's more about GDP in relation to debt. 5. That's both parties but more the republicans. In Trump's defense (not that he deserves one) he's kind of trying to destroy the GOP, not glorify it. 6. He has a point. 7. It did occur at an awfully convenient time, I won't make any comment. 8. Not really her fault, if she condemned the activities then he's very much in the wrong. If not, I side with him. 9. That was her husband, it is a really shitty trade deal. 10. That's bullshit on his part. 11. She's facilitated the legal theft of much more than that. 12. No comment, I don't know enough yet. 13. It's disgraceful for a presidential nominee to make ad hominem attacks; however, I can't even disagree with him. I wish nothing more than for the both of them to reap what they've sown, for good or evil. He's criticizing the entire establishment, of which both himself and Hillary are "key" members. Far more so Hillary than Trump but they're both small time compared with some of Hillary's donors. Also there's a purpose to him frequently talking about leveraging.
You're missing the point. I'll summarize, Trump is misleading his followers in to believing that Hillary, as part of the legislative branch (Senator) had unilateral control over foreign policy and the economy. Neither is true. Trump is also scapegoating Hillary as the cause of all things negatively happening in his campaign. By doing this he undermines his credibility and thus ostracizes independent/educated voters (who he should be targeting). This is a blindly stupid strategy stemming from what I guess is someone who struggles with narcissism and castration anxiety. I am a Bernie supporter, not Hillary, but Trump's antics have pushed me towards Clinton as I don't want that guy anywhere near the White House.
And Hillary is not misleading her followers? Next you're going to tell me that Bill is an honest guy as well and they're both just misunderstood. Trump is a horrific candidate, he doesn't have a leg to stand on on his own; you won't hear an argument from me in regards to Trump's stupidity. I don't care about campaign strategy. The whole concept of campaign strategy has become extremely machiavellian and centered on impressions, it has nothing to do with policy discourse. There's absolutely no positive substance to either candidate, they're both sociopaths completely lacking in integrity. Clinton won all the debates because she understands Trump better than Trump understands her and she used her knowledge to get under his skin and goad him into saying stupid shit. They both represent everything that I think is wrong with our country. I don't know about you, but I want to get off Mr. Bones' Wild Ride.
How a candidate runs their campaign is the first indicator of how they'll run their administration. In Trump's case, this is the biggest clue that he would not only be an utter disaster of a President, but he would likely start a war. Again, I'm no Hillary fan, but your comparison of the two candidates being equal is severely inaccurate... I just wish politics wasn't a "rich man's sport". Then maybe we could get more suitable people to pursue public office instead of a choice between an egomaniac and a nepotist.
Jesus christ what did I just watch.
A political debate in the year 2016.
It was better than the second debate though.
I do agree with that
Hillary Clinton winning the presidency.
History
The beginning of the end
I was arguing against both of them. So many missed opportunities.
Murica.
Hillary Clinton just grabbed trump by the pussy
Yeah but he asked for it.
Thank you
A horrifying, brutal beating by Hillary Clinton on Donald Trump. That was so sad.
That was tough to watch. I felt bad for Trump. Dude wasn't even close to her level.
"Nasty woman" So inappropriate, uncalled for, and horrifying.
Your fake outrage is spilling.
What saying the truth?
Just a really moronic move, the guy is fucking clueless about politics. The one fucking job he had was to try to lure women voters, one fucking job.
But it is true regardless of the political decision
I concede that point :) just not sure why its relevant in any way.
He was right, she's nasty women that is corrupted to the teeth.
I think it's more unnecessary then anything.
Oh god, he is such an ass.
And yet, somehow completely unsurprising.
All the channels even Fox are hung up on Trump whining about the election being rigged. It is a big deal. It's irresponsible.
Especially after his own campaign manager and VP already said they'd honor the results. What a shitshow.
Fox left the Trump train months ago.
They should have let Sean Hannity know. I think he missed that staff meeting.
He was on the phone with his friend Donnie.
Someone call Sean Hannity! Why doesn't anyone call Hannity?
it discredits our entire country, its reckless, bitter and childish. So typical trump.
yea guys dont question your government. It discredits our country. /s could you imagine if we never questioned are government where we would be.
lol, wow.
Except Jeffrey Lord! Trump delivered a knock out, apparently.
Jeff, psst, Jeff! We're not doing the knockout narrative. Jesus fuck, why do we even send you memos
Each debate Trump Supporters think he won then they walk up the next day and see they are losing Arizona. Sad.
I think Fox is even getting tired of him at this point.
> When it comes to the wall that Donald talks about building. He went to Mexico. Had a meeting with the Mexican president. He didn't even raise it. He choked. Best line of the night.
That was good. I preferred the "Putin would like a puppet" line because it so clearly rattled Trump. "You're the puppet!"
Trump will hide in his Chinese steel hotel and not accept the result. Tremendous. Wonderful.
>Tremendous jobs FTFY
Bent over like a Chinese steel drill bit.
As his supporters riot.
Look at Trump up there in his ~~ivory~~ Chinese steel tower.
"Trump insults women" "Wrong"...minutes later: "What a nasty woman"
> "What a nasty woman" Correct.
hahah the man is crazy
It was the sneer he said it with that was the worst part. Like how dare this uppity bitch speak to me like that.
Can we all just give Chris Wallace the props he should get for moderating this debate? The man handled these two candidates spectacularly.
I agree. Better than the previous two. Funny thing is, I hate Fox News.
Yeah he did a good job, real professional.
Filthy nasty womenses. We hates them precious!
Hillary trashes Trump 3-0. GG no re(count).
Wrong
Wrong.
**"Such a nasty woman."** --- Those four words are the final nails in his campaign's coffin. HUGE mistake.
The huge mistake is thinking that Trump's coffin can be nailed shut. His contingency, and a huge number of Americans, are not-so-latent sexists or misogynists. Trumpisms like this affirm the patriarchy that helps them sleep at night, because their mommies left them and their weewees aren't big enough.
I am really amazed he didn't swear at her that is almost self control for him.
How many final nails does it take?!
9000
I'm a registered Republican. I've thought to myself that I can whether the storm and return to look at a much improved GOP after a Trump implosion. His comment tonight has changed that. I will be submitting a change to my registration to something other than Republican in the coming days.
Goodbye, you won't be missed
yeah im sure
???? Republican's officials havent always been women/minority hating ultranationistic morons?
'Republican' used to mean 'fiscally- conservative, law-and-order, hard-line diplomacy' when I was a kid. The neoconservative movement changed things dramatically. There used to be such a thing as a liberal/centrist Republican.
That's the sort of rhetoric that made the Trump base in the first place.
Which comment?
Which comment? (not meant to be accusatory, legitimately curious)
Not supporting the outcome of the election.
But the important question is: who are you going to vote for in the GE?
What did he say? There are dozens of things that I would think are much worse than anything he said tonight.
I'm not that guy, but I'm guessing his doubling down on refusing to accept the outcome of the election.
Not supporting the outcome of the election.
Don't feel bad I listed as R also.. but Today was it I had enough of Trump... I will vote for her now. My mother and brother are considering it also. But I made up my mind. This guy is nuts.
Can we form a new party? The "sanity" party. No specific platforms. Just rational, sane, non-criminal, not old guard, non-toddler politicians who are allowed to have whatever platforms they personally believe in.
I don't think so. I've been really curious about this. There's what **could** happen... what's **likely** to happen and what I might **desire** to happen. I'd really like to see the current Republican party ground to dust. There are just too many negative aspects that I cannot see a subset of the party truly leaving behind. I'd actually be more interested in seeing the Democrat party split into a Centrist party and a Progressive party. Centrist Republicans can just hop onto the Centrist Democrat party. This ain't gonna happen while Hillary is leading that. But there's what I'd like. What's likely to happen is a nasty fight for the Republican brand. That brand is hugely valuable. This election seems to be bolstering the idea that either major party could nominate a head of cabbage and that vegetable would get 30% of the popular vote. As such, no faction wants to be the faction to leave. Instead, they'll fight to control the party and, if necessary, boot others out. Or maybe Trump goes independent and pulls enough support to render old and new parties powerless. Now what could happen? Could there be a "sane" party? Kasich wants you to think so. But I'm not optimistic. To me, this would have to clearly repudiate all of the following: * Obstructionism of any kind. * Majority of the majority - aka Hastert Rule * Demonization of Compromise * Anti-Intellectualism * Any pandering to any religion * Any focus on "Family Values" by utter hypocrites I could go on. But what I fear is that folk will just want to shave of the "crazy" while keeping all the behavior patterns that led the Republican party to where it is today.
If only there were more sane Republicans like you. It's not even about political ideals/parties any more, it's about voting for an insane narcissistic man vs. someone who isn't insane and narcissistic
Before this election I was about to register republican. First I held off, and now I've completely tossed out the idea. Anyway, just wanted to say you're not alone here.
There needs to be a new conservative party.
Pfft. The Republican party was far, far saner before they kicked out all the liberals.
Shout out to Chris Wallace, who fucking killed it as moderator. Good questions, tough followup, pushing for answers without arguing with the debaters--he did the best of any of them to me.
Yeah I was impressed with his ability to rein in the candidates but he wasn't consistent. When he brought up the Clinton Foundation, Hillary gave a PR speech for all the great things it does, deflecting the actual question, I was disappointed he didn't set her straight. A bunch of moments where Donald was talking over the moderator, Chris was 50/50, either rein him in or let him talk.
Clinton should go to jail. She just murdered someone on live TV
While clinton should totally go to jail, it's completely legal to murder someone if they're posing a legitimate threat to the life and liberty of others.
I can't believe Trump said "nasty women" on live air. It's like he wants to lose as badly as possible.
Bigly?
Not all people are PC compliant little snowflakes. I think this will actually help him, like it or not.
It's not about being PC. What trump said at the start and end of the program showed how two face he is. This will not help him.
Nope. You can respect women and still criticize a woman.
How is childish name calling respectful?
He's not criticizing but insulting someone woman or not, live in front of millions of people. This not going to do him any good period. He wants to be the potus. This isn't reality tv.
it's like the equivalent of saying "she's being mean to me!" but inexplicably injecting sexism into it.
How does anyone think Trump does well in these debates. A question gets asked and Hillary gives a slight answer to how the goal will be achieved and Trump just goes on about how we'll have the best people working on it. The absolute best it'll be great and so will America, yeah that's all good Donald but how exactly? What will these "best" people do. I don't think he's ever given a concise answer to any question he's been asked.
17 Intelligence Agencies say one thing, Donald Trump doesn't believe them. Apparently the *entire* Intelligence community aren't made of the "Best People." That would be unprecedented. Who *are* the "Best People," indeed.
Who the fuck are these 20 JUSTICES dammit?
Because the bar is very low.
People who have worked themselves into a frenzy about Clinton, mostly.
It honestly blows my mind. He says something that sounds good and just repeats it in different words with no substance, but apparently some people eat it up. Also I keep seeing people say "if Trump would have been this professional in all the debates" and I think its scary the bar they have set for being "professional" is so low. Outright telling lies, repeatedly saying "wrong" on stuff that has been proven a fact, resorting to insults like "nasty women", having no substance to his answers. It's very sad.
*would have
thank you. fixed.
Those people legitimately believe Obama has "ruined" this country, and that Hillary is directly responsible for the deaths of many
I honestly think you could make a supercut of Trump's old speeches and make a perfect duplicate of tonight. His buzzwords and phrases don't change.
**TIL** The military is depleted
As Trump essentially said, "good luck with that President Hillary".
Hillary won. Last debate it was kinda sorta a tie, but this one was no question Hillary's
If you're writing a story on this debate and it doesn't include "GOP nominee doesn't agree to accept democratic principle of peaceful transfer of power" you're not doing your job.
The Moderation was great, Trump was awful as expected. The Election has been handed to Hilary Clinton on a platter.
I really dislike Wallace but he did do just fine.
I felt Trump was much more reserved at this debate but clearly towards the end he couldn't take it anymore. He has to interrupt! He must of been a handful as a child.
I thought he had a great start but completely lost it during the "Wall".
I thought it was a great start and I actually respected what he had to say.. in some way wish he was like this from the beginning. I think it would of done wonders for him. But his arrogance, ignorance, racist self got the best of him. Or showed his true colors, either way too bad.
*Fiddles with mic* *Leans in* Wrong.
I wanted Hillary to ask the audience to sing Schoolhouse Rock's "How a Bill Becomes a Law" to Trump. Or just sing it herself.
*I'm just a bill, yes, I'm only a bill...*
I couldn't stop thinking about the "Rip the baby out" rant
I want that on a t-shirt.
grab it by the umbilical cord!
"when they're babies you can do anything to them. You can walk up, grab em by the umbilical cord, and rip em out"
Why else would he grab her by the pussy?
"Ripping the baby out" a few days before term is literally giving birth. He is just dog whistling to the extreme pro life crowd.
"They cut the women open and rip the baby out on the very last day" yes, it's called a c-section donald
Trump outright saying he won't immediately accept the results of the election is the end of his campaign
Nope...
Hopefully not the beginning of an uprising from his deplorables.
all trump had to do was calm down and be polite and at least act like he had a clue...he couldn't even fucking do that...why? why didn't he prep for the last debate, why?! also the moderator was cool
Trump: Can I just say one short thing? Moderator: No, we're running out of time, no- Trump: Says shit anyway.
[deleted]
What is she saying? I'm watching the debate on NBC, is she saying things on another channel?
Wallace was shutting that audience down so fast they didn't make much of a peep in the last 30 minutes.
They did laugh at the "nobody respects women more than I do"
I think that was near the 1st 1/3 of the debate though.
Good point.
Trump surrogates are losing their shit on CNN. About to have a meltdown
Thanks for the heads up fam, that Anderson Cooper smirk made my night.
Van Jones is *pissed*
He has a point. Trump has displayed some remarkable anti american positions, and the party that loves to act patriotic is completely silent on it.
Was Donald Trump doing an impression of Alex Baldwin doing an impression of Donald Trump? Thats some meta-Tropic Thunder type stuff there. WRONG!
Trump admitted he's a welfare tax dodger.
Lord Jeff justifying Trump rejecting the information from his intelligence briefings by saying 'Oh well they lied to the last republican about there being weapons of mass destruction' Is that how that went down? I seem to remember that different.
Wow Donald looked like a toddler who just got spanked for being caught in a lie tonight. What a sad, low energy showing on his part. The presidency is already beyond his reach but he probably lost some potential viewers for his TV network as well by coming across as a weak loser to his base.
I will say this: Kaleigh McEneny is, failing all else, consistently dedicated to her complete rejection of reality.
Van Jones nailing it. Trump looked poised, but he was telling some really easily refutable whoppers. and not even ones where there was any kind of nuance/sound byte lie...it was a yes or no.
Like his wife just yesterday was talking about how he apologized...
For the comments on the tape...His statement was about the new accusers.
I had to take a bit of time away from all this crap and it got me to thinking. The part of this debate that bothers me the most is the way Trump wants to just fuck over Social Security and Medicare. It's making me think what's going to happen to my grandfather that's in poor health. A man that worked his entire life to provide for his family, a retired business owner that built his house with his own hands. Then when whatever's left is gone due to medical expenses, what's going to happen to my grandmother? I sure as hell don't have the resources to support her without any supplemental income. If Trump is elected and he manages to kill these programs, how many retirees are going to be thrown out on the streets with no medication, no doctors, no shelter, without so much as a scrap of food to eat? For all the shit the elderly talk about millennials, it's the GOP that's trying to throw them away like garbage. It pisses me off. Why? So he can give $20 TRILLION in tax breaks to billionaire parasites.
"Bad Hombre" How can those two Republican ass kisser can spin out of this.
Lol and he said "hambre"
1950s American TV apparently
Anderson cooper you fucking genius
Ah yes. The 1950s. The beautiful time of segregation /s
Kayleigh said no one should die at the hand of illegal immigrants. Like that somehow makes the death even worse... Kayleigh *is* white privilege personified. Kudos to the producer that sat her next to Van Jones.
I would pay good money to watch Von pimp slap her. Girl, check yo self.
Ranking of deaths by how many political points they are worth in America. 1) Terrorism - Super Death! Makes you a hero. Government must spend billions on making it more difficult to have another lucky winner 2.a) Shot by an illegal immigrant - This one only scores points if you are using Republican rules. Scores identically to normal crime under Democratic games. 2.b) Shot by police officers - This one only scores points under Democratic Rules, no points under Republican Rules. 3) Killed by a splashy disaster - Train crash, plane crash, ebola etc. It's a sliding scale, but the important thing is that you die in a way that dominates the news cycle. 4) Killed by a mundane disaster - flooding, heat waves, blizzards... 5) Killed by normal crime - small amounts of points, have to get sets to really score any big points. 6) Killed by preventable public health problems - heart disease, diabetes, suicide, etc. Almost zero points. For example,, Heart disease makes you 40,000 times less dead than terrorism. Not worth talking about...
Kudos for this, but I feel like you missed the "murdered" rule, which ranks above splashy natural disaster if you're a young, white female.
Favourite moment was when Hilary was listing off Trump's past of being a sore-loser and calling things rigged and mentioned his bitching about not winning a 3rd straight Emmy for The Apprentice and Trump said "and it should have won!". He just can't fucking help himself lol.
nah that was a funny response and took the bite out of that line of attack
It proved her point? Like it was pointed out by the moderator, it's easy to laugh about this whole unreal, joke of an election. Whoever ends up the victor at the end of this month will have the power to end the world at their fingertips. I can't really laugh at stupid shit like that at this point.
that's all well and good, but you have to look at how the line was viewed by your average low information undecided voter
I have faith that the American people do understand the severity of a Trump Presidency at this point. I pray that election day will confirm that faith.
Sure
Kind of, but that's going to bite him in the post debate comedy. Something like telling his supporters to go poll watch Emmy's.
It was funny but proved her point instantly.
He couldn't resist the tasty bait at all tonight.
He dug a huge hole with his statement, and Hillary buried him with that Emmy line.
Nothing could have illustrated Hilary's point better, and Trump did it himself.
not gonna lie, i chuckled. that was kinda funny
It was funny, but he seemed genuine about it.
I mean, it's not the first thing he's called rigged. https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CvLSoHNW8AE2RgQ.jpg:large
He takes the bait 99.9% of the time.
Chris Wallace did an incredible job moderating. Easily the best yet. Not a fan of Fox, nor Wallace either, but like O'Reily I can at least respect him even if I often find him to be horrendously wrong.
Agree, it was professional and well done.
This campaign has aged Kellyanne horribly. It is like she has been POTUS for at least 6 years.
She looks strung out.
I follow this stuff extremely closely and there were several times in the debate I had absolutely no idea what Donald was even talking about. Or maybe I misheard. Did he mention an orange pylon at some point?
I like to pretend he has a series of mini strokes while debating. Sadly this probably isn't the case - in a single debate the dude covers more tangents than a high school algebra class.
> I had absolutely no idea what Donald was even talking about Neither did he.
Chris needed to [address Trump directly](https://youtu.be/0MRmxfLuNto).
Have you not heard him speak before? That's normal.
The drunk guy shouting rapist in the background is doing trump no favors
well, donald needed to hear it.
It's like these folks never go home. I feel like he's been out there since CNN has been out there.
Does Van Jones have a radio show? I'd like to hear more from him.
maddow on conway interview..."that was absolutely completely insane" lol
Kayleigh and Jeffrey are not doing the Trump campaign any favours now...
I don't understand how you can claim the media is biased when there's literally dozens of conservative media websites/radio shows out there. You want an actual biased media? Go too China.
Been saying that for years. Fox News is the largest cable news network. Wall Street Journal is at or near the top of daily print. AM radio is nearly all conservative. Web sites are a toss up but conservative leaning sites are not underrated.
Because the conservative media tells them the media is biased.
On Kaleigh McEnany wearing a pink Gimp suit - odd choice.
not complaining....
She just forgot the ball gag
I'm not complaining
Looks good IMO. The garbage coming out of her mouth...not so much
Leather bondage, retractable whip in her purse.
52 - 39 split on who won among debate watchers, in favor of HRC. This is according to the CNN/ORC instant poll. Hat trick!
*airhorn*
How the fuck could 39% of people believe Donald Trump won that debate, unless they had already concluded before the debate that he was going to. That's like watching the Cubs beat the Dodgers 15-2 and concluding the Dodgers somehow won. It was objectively a complete blowout.
It's because that 39% of people vote one way, have voted that way all of their lives, and will continue to vote that way for as long as they can. You cannot and will not sway these people's opinions. Those people do not care what Hillary Clinton says or what Donald Trump says. They just know that one is a Republican and the other is a Democrat. Their positions could be completely reversed and they wouldn't vote any differently.
Rio Grand-ee River! wooo! That's a person we can trust.
Its how you can tell they are not from south Texas.
As a Texan, as soon as I heard that, I knew she was not a Texan.
I'm watching the CNN coverage livestream. People are chanting "lock her up". Stay classy, Trump supporters.
> I'm watching the CNN coverage livestream. How are you doing that? This is literally the only time I've ever regretted not having cable. I completely missed the post-debate shitshow everyone's talking about.
Streaming free on YouTube
Look for "Presidential Debate Coverage" on youtube. MetroNews is streaming CNN, at the moment. I suspect it's not an authorized livestream, but I'm taking advantage of the situation. My local cable (guatemalan) dropped the english news channels.
thanks!
No problem ;)
Hillary defending Reagan.
Quite an effective way to unite in Americanness and shared values. Seems ironic that, even though she was using it to discredit her opponent, it was a very non-partisan approach.
He's not partisan because he's entirely too self centred.
Oh yes, Democrats can all hold hands with everyone thinking back on the good old Reagan years.
I mean I dislike anything to do with Reagan more than the average American, but the point is that even all these people in our politics who have deeply disagreed in so many ways were united by taking a handful of important things seriously that Trump wouldn't respect.
I think she personally knew him. Trump said he wants to be like Reagan...
Trump doubling down on attacking Reagan.
I'm ok with attacking Reagan.
Sure, if you've got better policy proposals and actual solutions. Reagan I think did a lot of bad things, but I'd vote for him in a heartbeat head-to-head against Trump.
That's the scam. Remember that "Bernie Sanders couldn't beat Trump" and the DNC is willing to risk war with Russia to cover up their torpedoing of their own primary.
That's a cardinal sin!
Van Jones should have his own show
He's actually pretty funny.
I've always said i hated reality tv but this election has made a liar out of me
Wow. This fuckin focus group. Literally changed their mind between being asked for their opinion.
They didn't want to raise their hands on TV as Hillary voters because their friends will disown them. Because their friends are dicks
It's Vegas. They suck the air out of those rooms for their casinos.
He's already tweeting online polls declaring himself the winner.
Except he's losing the Breitbart online poll. Lol.
That can't be true, he doesn't believe in polls.
Classic Trump(et) 101: All polls are rigged, except the ones I'm(he's) winning, those are real
Ho. Ly. Shit. Just what the fuck? I have no words. If anyone says Trump won tonight they're either trolling or I seriously question their mental capacity. I mean I expect a train wreck from him but that was....Fuck
> If anyone says Trump won tonight they're either trolling or I seriously question their mental capacity. So your saying Trump supporters will claim he won?
I saw a feed with a running focus group graph. I think he did better than most of us want to think. I hope I'm wrong, though.
Maybe it's just because you're a nasty woman. /s
Such a nasty woman though....
Trump hid behind his family like a whipped dog, waiting for them all to tell him how bigly he won to boost back his ego before going into the audience.
had to come all the way down here to find a bigly reference. have an upvote
[deleted]
My precious combover
39% think Trump won!? Trump could say that he'd drop a nuke on Mexico City and he would still have that 35-40% locked in. Crazy.
The only thing that will bring Trump down from that number is a leaked Sex Tape of him and an under-aged Ivanka
A good portion of his supporters (such as my own father) would be elated to hear that he was going to nuke somewhere; the Middle East especially.
Well, he's got 35% - 40% of voters locked in for him anyway, because he's sold them on the ideas that feels are reals and facts don't exist.
30 percent of Americans think the sun orbits the earth. There's likely to be some Venn diagram overlap there.
It's a cult of personality at this point
That's what happens when you get a generation of people who learned politics from their parents who just voted for any guy with an R next to his name for 50 years.
First debate: Hillary wins on points. Refs were shite. Second debate: Hillary wins on points, but with a narrow margin Refs were mediocre Third debate: Hillary wins on TKO Many people want the ref to run for president
Trump clearly won the second one but lost tonight.
I'm going to use this comment to sum up the debates for my family tomorrow morning. Thanks.
20 days away until we elect the first female President of the United States of America.
Donald Trump refuses to say that he'll respect the results of the election. This is disqualifying on EVERY CONCEIVABLE LEVEL. It flies in the face of the FOUNDATION OF DEMOCRACY. For the sake of our Republic, bury this charlatan in a landslide.
I award Hillary a Nobel, Oscar, Grammy, MacArthur, Teen Choice Award & 17 kittens for getting through the debates without exercising her 2nd amendment rights.
You forgot that all-important Emmy!
Nothing about climate change in the debate which is ridiculous.
Oh dang you're right, I didn't even notice. I think they briefly mentioned energy though.
To me, this is the saddest thing so far.
Don't forget her platform and her appearance in Florida with Gore.
Yep, I remember but climate change may very well be the more of a threat to our way of life than ISIS. The Mid East has been a mess forever and we are not solving it anytime soon. Climate change is something possibly we can impact and if we don't... nothing else matters.
If we're gonna build a wall, it might make sense to build one around florida and a few other southern states, to keep surges out.
Again, Clinton addresses this issue quite forcefully.
seriously disappointing. Instead we get a whole segment on abortion...in 2016.... we just can't move forward at all.
LMAO that dude on CNN in the background "HILLARY IS A LIIIIIIAAARRRR!!!" Someone else "SHUT THE FUCK UP!" lmao
The 'nasty women' comment is particularly bad because he chose to single out her gender. He would have never said 'Nasty Man' if his opponent was a man. That was particularly cringeworthy.
I can't believe there are still undecided voters at this point. I mean, what else does Trump have to do to make you not vote for him?
In all honesty, doesn't the concern about Hillary's dubious affairs and schemes detract just as much from her? I don't see how she's a valid choice, either.
Tell you the election will be rigged so why vote?
That's one argument I just do not understand. Why say it's rigged to your own supporters? Tapper on CNN summed it up nicely. It doesn't seem to do much other than dispute the legitimacy for your crazy supporters and suppress your average supporter who hears this and thinks, "Hey, my vote doesn't matter for the presidency, so why should I vote?" Makes no sense to me.
he's trying to get people to take their guns and make a play on washinton DC
Have a vagina.
Be Hillary Clinton
Don't worry he's gonna go home tonight and think of how to do just that.
I know so many people that like him. I truly dont get it.
Quite a few undecideds hate both candidates, and are trying to be convinced their 3rd party or write-in protest vote is an important enough principle to abandon.
That's definitely me. Trump is a tumor, super aids, and sids in a trench coat pretending to be human. Hilary is everything that's been wrong with American politics in my lifetime. The independent candidates don't understand how the office of the president works. After tonight I am still going to have to make the tough decision of who to vote for between Kayne West, Nobody, or Bernie Sanders.
She did a masterful job, in all three debates, of hitting him with subtle jabs that throw him off his game and send him spiraling into angry incoherence. It won't be in headlines tomorrow, but she won the debate when she said he "choked" with the Mexican President. You can [watch his face](http://www.mediaite.com/online/hillary-clinton-says-that-trump-choked-during-mexico-trip/) and see the switch flip, it's amazing.
that was so cringe to watch, this egotist hear those words. jesus, it was great.
> when she said he "choked" with the Mexican President That was subtly savage. Woman knows to stab and twist. That and during the final answer about social security when she said "that is if Donald doesnt figure a way to elude that". Damn, Trump was INSTA TRIGGERED>
Yes — that was the button she pressed to flip him. Good observation!
I wish we could have a forum where each candidate was not allowed to mention their opponent and their mic would be cut when their time is up. I feel like so much was said but we still know nothing. Talk to me about climate change. Tell me more about social security Talk to me about education Lets hear about conservation efforts What about prescription drug pricing and the FDA approval process Where do you stand on medical marijuana research as well as legalization? How will you work with the other party to get things done? What exact specific ideas do you have? Shut up about sex scandals, emails, vulgar words, donations,off the cuff remarks- both of you have said and done shitty things. We get it. Tell me about what matters. I want to hear it without supporters of either party cheering or hissing. Why couldn't we have that? I feel like all the facts we have to go on are the equivalent of Buzzfeed articles.
Both the candidates have extensive online descriptions of their proposed policies. Do your research.
I 100% agree. But the networks need viewers right? And your average viewer wants to see them argue and throw punches.
If we actually talked about even half the issues we need to talk about in 5 minute intervals it would still take like 4 hours
And then each side would pick different details of the highly nuanced opinions, take them totally out of context, and blow them up.
I encourage you to go to HillaryClinton.com and read her policy proposals. They've worked hard to make them clear and accessible. Trump, I can't help you find his. He doesn't even mention Pence on his website. You can buy hats though.
>Trump, I can't help you find his. He doesn't even mention Pence on his website. You can buy hats though. For some reason I cracked up really hard at the end of this line, so thanks for that.
Clinton for all her faults does talk about "the issues". Thing is she does it in a very broad way (but that's politics for you, lectures on economics don't inspire people so politicians avoid them). That and she gets overshadowed by Trump's general insanity.
I have to grudgingly admit that she's actually been quite specific on a number of issues, though moreso outside the debates. Certainly more than most presidential candidates are.
She's a policy wonk, one of her challenges has been toning that down to connect with voters.
Trump repeating again that he's 'smart' for not paying any federal taxes like that's gonna resonate well with people. His PR team must be banging their heads into the wall. He's done, Hillary won this one. I'm kinda in the middle but the guy is just too stupid to root for.
If Hillary would just back down on escalating Syria conflict, and stop Russia fearmongering (which what year is it again?), I'd actually feel good about my vote.
yeah the no-fly zone plan is pretty disheartening to be fair though, it's probably gonna be more of a "no-fly" zone
> and stop Russia fearmongering (which what year is it again?) Syria is one of the biggest crises in the world and Russia is playing a central role in preventing progress there. It makes perfect sense to talk about Russia in 2016.
The fear-mongering w.r.t. their supposed influence on our election, which it was pretty clear that was a diversion, so clear even Trump noticed it haha.
It's really not though. You should look into what Marco Rubio or Steve Schmidt have to say on the matter. Like it or not, A hostile government had committed an act of cyber warefare against our very democratic system. Invading the privacy and stealing information from the DNC and of a private citizen, and then disseminating it to disrupt our democratic system in their favor Is disturbing and unprecedented . If this tactic works, do you not see how this leads to other countries or even other non-government actors, domestic and foreign, doing the same? The ability to control who becomes president of the USA can not be overstated, and there is no silver-lining to our democratic system breaking down into which side is backed by the country/organization that can hack and steal better. That is what happens when you normalize this completely unprecedented action by laughing about it just being a distraction.
Can't imagine a world where a super power interferes in foreign governments!
Are you really saying we shouldn't protect our democratic system from the influence of hostile governments **because** other countries face interference??? That's like saying you shouldn't stop a burglar from stealing from you, because you know someone who has been stolen from. I have dual citizenship, but even I subscribe to America First. You really don't understand how important American democracy is not Just for us, but as an example for the rest of the world.
No lol that's just what you are for some reason deciding I'm saying.
That's why I'm asking you to clarify hence the question marks. Because if that is what you are saying, that's really naive and short sighted.
Okay thanks guy lmao
I agree I really wasn't satisfied with any of his answers. He makes these huge promises but doesn't explain how. When he has time to, he veers off on attack. Give us some substance, Donald. I've also seen his tax plan change 4x, so it gives me no confidence it is real. Since the tape I think they've gone down bigly, and now look really amazing for someone of my slightly above average income level. But to me it comes across as an empty promise to try to con me. I think if it were true, it'd have consequences on the national debt to the point that we have a huge increase in the future! Stability and predictability sure would be nice, so I'll take my chances with Hillary.
I think it should be easy enough to see now he has literally no idea how he plans to do those things so couldn't give substance no matter how much he wanted to. The guy doesn't know how things work on the most basic level. Just a few examples: 1) Thinks appointing a supreme court judge will 'automatically' mean Roe v Wade is going to be overturned. I guess you could say he meant 'inevitably' but it's still an idiotic comment. 2) Thinks Hillary should have been able to fix the world as a senator 3) Thinks saying 'we're going to attack Mosul' is giving away important military intel and that a stealth strike would have been possible Many high schoolers probably know how dumb this shit is. If he lacks such a basic understanding of stuff a lot of the public should know, let alone politicians, it seems totally implausible to me that he could have any sensible plans to tackle complex issues like jobs and the economy.
> 2) Thinks Hillary should have been able to fix the world as a senator Under a republican president no less
and a deeply divided congress with republican majorities...
Did trump also say he doubts the US military?
Yes. And he loves Putin.
Yeah he said "they don't know, they don't know".
The more I see the breakdown the worse this gets for trump, I would prefer Hillary but removing that bias he definelty lost this debate and on some very big a specific points. I hope this gets magnified in the coming days.
He's repeatedly said he knows more than the generals about defeating ISIS, he has a secret plan to beat them. Then when Matt Lauer asked him about that plan, it boiled down to mandating that the generals come up with a plan within his first 100 days in the oval office. Those same generals who supposedly knows way more about. The man is a master of double speak.
When he says things like "we are telling them we are going to attack we have lost the element of surprise" I think you are a dumb man. To think these basic things aren't taken in to considerestion and that he is the only one who thought of it. Clearly when the element of surprise is warranted we use it like with Bin laden he didn't know any body was coming. This is a conventional war in the ME.
Trump will personally dictate all orders Command & Conquer style.
*construction complete*
He's said that many times. Most prominently in the CIC forum before the debates. Said our generals are horrible. All of them.
While at the same time claiming how he has so many military leaders endorsing him...
Didn't you hear? He "knows more about ISIS than the generals."
Yeah and when pressed by Matt Lauer in the summer, his secret plan to beat them boiled down to ... forcing the generals to come up with a plan within his first few months in the oval office. Those same generals who Trump claims don't know how to deal with ISIS.
Trump is a fucking insane person who can't make it through a whole sentence without changing thoughts.
Make America Fucking Insane Again
This is just sad. How did Donald get this far? He will surprise us if he accepts the results of the election? Will he sue? House of Cards can't write this
> House of Cards can't write this "Well shit. There goes that plot line. Gonna be another long night."
Yes, will litigate every American.
If HoC tried to write a season like this election they'd get criticized for being too over the top.
Trump can't even talk himself up! All he's got is "her, her, her".
Trump's answer on the accepting the outcome of the election will shape the narrative. Also the cubs are up 5-2 in the top of the 6th. You should switch to the game, its on FS1 and FoxSportsGo in the US. Go Cubs.
Thank you for that reminder. I'll run to catch what's left. As a foreigner really interested in this train-wreck of an election, one tends to forget about the actual nice things America has to offer to the rest of the world. I'm more of an Indians fan, but I sincerely hope Billy Goat leaves you guys alone this year. My best friend's wife is a chicagoan, after all.
Chris Wallace did an amazing job as a moderator. He approached the debate impartially and asked hard hitting questions to both candidates.
He had a hard time keeping both candidates in check, but he actually had substantive questions. Props for that.
Hillary reminded me of Leslie Knope with the "made with Chinese steel" cut.
Absolutely eviscerated. Donald Trump struggles to string together a single coherent thought. He's as scatter brained as I am on a 3 day adderall binge with zero sleep.
I've never heard the sounds of a campaign dying before. It was morbidly beautiful.
republicans had a chance to kick this guy to the curb when he refused to take the pledge in that first debate, btw.
The C-Span feed is great, split camera on Hillary interacting with voters, and other one of Donald leaving in his car.
Trump sealed his grave there in the last 30 minutes. Really became unhinged and just stated spewing conspiracy left and right. And that dig at the end was gross and sad. Also repealing Roe V. Wade would be a national tragedy
Roe v Wade has majority support. For all the efforts to tear it down, a majority of the country still supports it.
You mean when he said "Nasty woman, just nasty"?
I think it was so bizarre that Trump accused Clinton of simultaneously wanting to build a wall and also wanting open borders.
That was totally incoherent, I don't even know what he was referencing there
Someone tell me how there can be 3 debates, with no time set a side to discuss **climate change**, a subject where the two of them, as well as the country, are in complete disagreement.
"You're asking him to accept an election that hasn't happened yet" No fucking shit they're asking if you're going to accept the results of the election whether you win or lose. What the fuck.
The dumpster fire just melted the goddamn dumpster.
Is Trumpster Fire a thing yet? Cause it should be
And it's burning a hole through the earth all the way to GINNAAAA
You could say the hole it made is quite Bigly.
Wow Kayleigh McEnany is the most frustrating person on earth.
Stopped watching CNN because of her.
Ya either her or Scotty Nell Hughes.
She's next to Jeff Lord
I didn't even know her name but knew exactly who you were talking about. Even googled her name after the fact just to make sure. Couldn't believe anyone would put her on the air.
She wants to be the next Kellyanne Conway. It pays well, can't hate her for that.
"He lied about the lies he lied about"
Needs more Jesus signs
How was he calmer? He completely unraveled towards the end.
40 mins and then the collapse
[deleted]
there was a point where i thought he'd stick up his hand and say woah my hands...
Nobody has mentioned how absolutely funny Donald looked while drinking his water. Clear glasses were some kind of cruel joke.
van jones preaching TRUTH right now.
Van Jones is legitimately pissed off. No faux outrage there.
I love number nerds, hence I love that guy.
Van Jones just made a really interesting comment on CNN: the only time Trump uses Spanish in the debate was to belittle and smear Latino undocumented immigrants. I bet that's not going to play well.
The two talking points I'm seeing everyone on CNN, MSNBC, CBS, etc key in on are his use of Spanish in the context he used it and his refusal to outright accept the results.
"Unless they're a baby" Fuuuuuuuuck off bro.
>CLINTON: You know, I think when we talk about the Supreme Court, it really raises the central issue in this election, namely, what kind of country are we going to be? What kind of opportunities will we provide for our citizens? What kind of rights will Americans have? >And I feel strongly that the Supreme Court needs to stand on the side of the American people, not on the side of the powerful corporations and the wealthy. For me, that means that we need a Supreme Court that will stand up on behalf of women's rights, on behalf of the rights of the LGBT community, that will stand up and say no to Citizens United, a decision that has undermined the election system in our country because of the way it permits dark, unaccountable money to come into our electoral system. >I have major disagreements with my opponent about these issues and others that will be before the Supreme Court. But I feel that at this point in our country's history, it is important that we not reverse marriage equality, that we not reverse Roe v. Wade, that we stand up against Citizens United, we stand up for the rights of people in the workplace, that we stand up and basically say: The Supreme Court should represent all of us. >That's how I see the court, and the kind of people that I would be looking to nominate to the court would be in the great tradition of standing up to the powerful, standing up on behalf of our rights as Americans. >And I look forward to having that opportunity. I would hope that the Senate would do its job and confirm the nominee that President Obama has sent to them. That's the way the Constitution fundamentally should operate. The president nominates, and then the Senate advises and consents, or not, but they go forward with the process. Excellent response by Hillary.
It would ring truer if she wasn't wallowing in dark money and hadn't flipped on every one of these issues at least once in her career.
> TRUMP: The Supreme Court, that's where it's at.
Meanwhile in nations where abortion is banned, women face fifty years in prison for aborting a pregnancy where she's contracted Zika. http://news.nationalgeographic.com/2016/10/zika-el-salvador-women/
Trump: > Our inner cities are a disaster. You get shot walking to the store. They have no education, they have no jobs. I will do more for African Americans and Latinos than she can ever do in ten lifetimes. All she has done is talk to the African Americans and to the Latinos. What. The. Fuck. How does he think shitting on black/latino people will get him any votes? Is this what the right think about when they think of black/latino Americans?
Let's not act like inner city culture is thriving.
Sure. Where am I acting like that? The problem is when you do: inner city = no education, no jobs, thugs = blacks/latinos.
Well we know the crime rate among minorities is atrocious. The incidence of single mothers is way too high. Fixing that starts with recognizing it which leftists don't seem interested in these days.
He's an idiot?
and a racist. I still see value in reiterating it every time he speaks. Like, I know the words "racist" and "sexist" are used a lot to shut people down, but Trump is an actual racist (and sexist).
It was a dogwhistle for the David Duke crowd, since he has to keep his core supporters stirred up. Now whether going for the Klan vote at the expense of basically everyone else in America is a thing a sane, decent, person would do is another thing entirely.
I agree, which gives more credence to the idea that he'd rather start a media company than be president. He's courting his racist core at the expense of alienating minority voters.
I'm definitely open to the theory that this is a way for him to launch his own channel. He's certainly found a niche of what would likely be highly dedicated viewers. Of course a Trump media company could be as dangerous as a Trump presidency.
I love how we are all watching CNN. This shit is fire
Can't polish a turd
I'm watching fox. They are pretty tame and Megyn Kelly had to own a Trump surrogate, hard.
I think Jeff Lord is actually making my brain come out my ears.
Tomorrow 's spin: he actually said "hambre." How is hunger offensive? I mean c'mon. Unless, human flesh. And blood. Or for grabbing pussy. Or...
How is hombre offensive?
Well I love Taco Bell. But the one I live near is in the bad part of town. I don't want to stumble in 1:30am and see any hombres behind the counter.
He said harambe. Bad harambes coming across the border with their dicks out.
He said Harambe. He was just trying to be hip with the Twitter.
Van Jones BTFO all those dumb ass Trump Supporters
He pounded them like he pounds kayleigh mcenany
Van Jones has been solid all the way through. Only person who continues to acknowledge just how dire of a situation this is.
He's as crazy as trump, on the other side of the road.
I can't believe this, are they seriously supporting the notion that this election is rigged? How are these people allowed to be commentators on the election, unbelievable.
> they seriously supporting the notion that this election is rigged? How are these people allowed to be commentators What people? Between PBS and ABC post debate coverage, they all seem outraged at him questioning the legitimacy of our democracy.
[deleted]
Jeffery Lord is literally cancer. Fuck me.
The fun thing is even he knows that. Utter Cancer. Kayleigh just shut up for some time.
They are running train on Jeffery Lord right now and he's not taking it like a champ.
But Al Gore!
Van Jones is killing it tonight. Really great points
Clinton: You're gonna be Putin's little Puppet. Trump: You're a puppet. AKA https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CQTl2kN160g
You're a towel.
Thank you. You get what I was going for.
That was possibly the most entertaining 20-30 minutes of television I have seen in a long time. Fuck the debate, ain't no party like a CNN afterparty.
I was totally planning on watching the new episode of American Horror Story, but I can't stop watching.
Can we get an SNL skit of CNN's post-debate coverage??
That one blond lady is crazy. The weird old dude wasn't much better.
Unwatchable.
PLEASEEEEEEEE Some of the craziest things have been said during the moments after the debate.
Some days, I feel like a bad hombre; some days, I feel like a nasty woman.
On election night Paul Ryan (or Ivanka or someone) is going to have to drag Donald in front of a microphone and make him say he concedes the election the same way parents make small children apologize when they don't want to.
I don't think he's going to concede or be civil about losing at all.
If Trump is smart he'll just walk out and say, "I concede," and walk off. Trump being Trump it'll turn into a 90-minute rant on who the hell knows what. If Ryan is smart he'll do it himself.
Shit, those two words and an angry stalking off would be classless, embarrassing, and... much better than what many of us are predicting now.
He will concede and then immediately turn around and tweet the opposite. Guaranteed.
I think Mike Pence is going to give the concession speech.
He'll have to stand there losing the presidential race when he wasn't even running for president. Brutal.
CNN Clinton wins 52%-39%
Wtf? I thought that was her best performance. I was thinking it was going to be more-so 70% for her and 20 something for him.
He seems to have that 35-40% locked in regardless of performace. It gives him breathing room to spout lies and slander.
how can anyone be undecided at this point? what are they waiting for? the rapture?
They want a scandal to tell them what to do cause they're so fucking stupid
Jimmy Kimmel has Ken Bone as his debate correspondent
God I want to punch Corey Lewandowski
Why are liberals so violent and hateful?
Yeah! Why do those black protestors just run into people's fists?
Off a cliff
Get in line.
Sorry, this is the line to punch Jeffrey Lord.
Can't I do both?
Yes, but you're gonna have to pay.
He's losing a Breitbart poll https://twitter.com/IanSams/status/788952557557284865
LOL but then online polls are BS TrumpyMcTrumpface
In his words, "It's rigged!"
It is an online poll. Though nobody managed to somehow shim in votes for Hitler yet, so we're doing better than expected.
Trump keeps bringing up Russia building more nukes, which I find very odd. Does he want us to make more of those things? Don't we have enough to destroy the world several times over?
Yes, he doesn't understand the goal is worldwide disarming of nukes in the long-term. He thinks we need to be actively building more because we might use up the ones we have. To be fair, under him we would perhaps start running a bit low on nukes, but by that time we'd have bigger problems.
Nuclear fallout is a helluva drug.
Yes, currently 4,500 warheads in various configurations and yields. Peak cold-war we had over 30,000.
Can we all respect that anchors can hold their point through the screaming behind them? How do they not turn around and tell everyone to stfu?
I think they have headphones in both ears.
Trump and his supporters already claim "the media" is biased and liberal. Can you imagine the fallout if anyone from CNN were to try to get those asshats to quiet down?
Love how Trump doubles down on his Putin love affair.
Those CNN undecided voters are morons. Except for Zeke. "Great".
Undecided voters in general are fucking stupid. If you want real horror consider that the people who are so lacking in conviction and values that it takes them a year to decide between these two people are the ones who decide the fate of our country every year. It is literally the stupidest people who's votes matter the most.
Zeke our new Ken Bone
He's just there to be on TV, and is enjoying the circus shitshow. I like him.
My thoughts on the debate. Not that anyone cares edition: it did seem like it would be a normal debate with a subdued Trump who in the first 20 minutes or so seemed focused and gave clear and good answers. Then the SNIFF. I think Hillary knows something we don't about that because then she began to bait Trump. Who of course could not resist and went into full meltdown mode and Hillary played him like a fiddle. His completely ignoring both the Tax Return and double chinese steel punches were most telling that he is hiding something on both. If he had an answer that would not sink his battleship in his mind he would go for it. His calling Hillary a Nasty woman and that he would not give a answer about conceding the election really gave any slim hopes of winning the election to he is going to lose and lose big time. He did not look like he was up for the job and agian I do feel he really has no intention of winning as long as he has all that glorious publicity. Once agian on that stage its all about Trump and no one else.
You do realize that most US steel mills went out of business many years ago. So ALL builders which Trump is just one out of a multitude rely now and for years on Chinese steel. It would not be unexpected that his recent projects over the past 15 years would require foreign steel. There was not enough domestic capacity to meet surging demand during the real estate boom of the late 90s and 2000s. Clinton's criticism was a cheap shot for plebian dupes like you to eat up and jack off to. As for tax returns, Trump is the first non-politician to run for the presidency. He *actually* has *real* business interests that could be compromised by publicly disclosing tax returns that reveal strategic investments to his competitors. Disclosing tax returns is a recent tradition beginning in the early 70s. You might be too young or dim to recall that the Crooked Clintons waited until two years AFTER Bills 1st presidential election to finally release his tax returns. Source: [Time.com](http://new.time.com/4326267/donald-trump-presidential-tax-returns-list/). The info in those returns suggested criminal wrongdoing in the Whitewater scandal. The Clintons had no legitimate *"I'm being audited"* excuse like Trump. Now *Hypocrite Hillary* is relying on the biased media to parrot her lame tax attack while ignoring her malfeasance at her multi billion dollar foundation, her *pay 4 play* at State, her Wall-Street speeches, and of course all the leaked documents that have led to several resignations such as DWS.
> You might be too young or dim to recall that the Crooked Clintons waited until two years AFTER Bills 1st presidential election to finally release his tax returns. That's not what your source says at all. Read again. >The info in those returns suggested criminal wrongdoing in the Whitewater scandal. That's not what your source says at all. Read again. >...legitimate "I'm being audited" excuse like Trump. That's not what any source says at all. Please read more.
Trump is the first Non-Politician? I'm wondering if you've heard of this George Washington fellow. Perhaps you've heard of Eisenhower? Ulysses Grant? How about Zachary Taylor?
George Washington was a general in the revolutionary war. He could be considered an *Insider*. Trump has no affiliation with the government or establishment.
You are kidding right? Trump has ties to all sorts of people in our government and historically in our government. Ironically including the Clintons. What about the several other presidents on that list?
Not kidding. You kidding? I define *government insider* as someone who actually works in the government as a political appointee sure as a former Secretary of State, U. S. Senator, and former first lady. That right there is what you call a *superinsider*.
Ok then by your definition with the possible exception of Washington, all the rest I listed are not insiders.
> cheap shot for plebian dupes like you to eat up and jack off to. As for tax returns, Trump is the first non-politician to run for the presidency. Classy, and no he is not. George Washington, Zachary Taylor, Ulysses Grant, and Dwight Eisenhower.
It was just *locker room talk* bud. Those Presidents you listed were government insiders (military). Major generals have to be part of the establishment since they are promoted and serve at the President's pleasure. Remember general McChrystal? Obama canned him because he said what *we all* think, *"Obama is limp wristed dweeb"*.
Well then he should have said it. But he did not. Pretty good defence though. I am wondering what your take on the Tax Returns is now
If Trump were running against Bernie he would probably feel more pressure to release his returns. Because Hillary is so compromised herself with multiple ethics issues Trump can deflect. I am not aware of a single election where candidate tax returns played a roll in the outcome. I don't think most voters care what Trump is or is not. His ambiguity and amorphous positions are actually helping him allow people to project their own views onto him.
But that sword cuts both ways and it seems it cuts the deepest where he would not like it to when people think what COULD be in his tax returns and what he COULD do has president. I don't think his supporters really took a look at that. People are scared to death of the thought of his winning and Trump and a good amount of his supporters have done nothing to alleviate that fear, His childish antics at the debates and rhetoric on the campaign trail do not do him any favors
Guess who bought all the World Trade Center Steel? China.
That would have been a great comeback and would have most likely shifted the debate. But he said nothing.
One little poke from he is all it took to throw him off the rails. Imagine what would happen during international summits.
Holy shit Trump you just keep blowing it.
Why did Trump say he's never met Putin? That's a fucking lie. Why does he lie about basic shit so much?
http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/aug/01/donald-trump/donald-trump-gets-full-flop-whether-hes-had-relati/ That was easy. Saw this one too: https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/347191326112112640
https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/347191326112112640 it is actually much worse then that you really cannot make this up
... wow. He sounds seven. No wonder Melania said he was basically a teenager.
Yikes. Just checked t_d, there's no post about Trump winning the debate in the top 5 or stickied at the top like they normally do. That's how you know things aren't going well.
The mere fact they aren't screaming about the debate speaks volumes. I guess they really do prefer winners.
The game is coming to an end over there. I've noticed remission in the cancer.
Trump's base (the 15 year-olds on 4chan.org/pol/) seem pretty confident.
What is really the demographics over there? Curious.
Have a gander, unless you are offended by extreme antisemitism and racism. Then I would steer clear. If I didn't know better, I would take it as satire. Sadly, like his actual candidacy, it is not satire. I wasn't exaggerating when I say it is his base. These are the people that believed Trump was a viable candidate way before anyone else. Thankfully, I would guess many of them are under voting age.
It's only satire for so long. Post enough Nazi/racist shit and you start to believe it.
15 y/o white males is pretty accurate.
damn, they gotta be on suicide watch
You know how things aren't going well? Hillary is winning the breitbart poll. That means t_d isn't brigading like they usually do. Even that sub knows it's over.
Who wants to tell gramps [Scott Adams](http://blog.dilbert.com) that it's over? I'll pass ... I think it'll be more humane to leave him in his dementia-induced alternate reality.
You have to admit that his abandoning of a sinking ship after declaring Trump the winner a year ago by claiming Hillary threatened to kill him is the most hilarious backtrack of all time.
wish my dumb family would give it up as well
"Bernie Sanders said you have bad judgement, and I agree with him" - Trump "Well, Bernie Sanders has been campaigning for me, and is supporting me for president, I agree with him" - HRC *mic drop*
otherwise he loses his seat lol, of course he will. look at ted cruz with trump... just saying.
It probably has more to do with the fact that Clinton's policy platform is strikingly similar to his. A $12 federal minimum wage is a lot closer to $15 than $0.
guaranteed... you increase minimum wage it will become obsolete within a decade. and also people will lose jobs... it has happened each of the few times wage has increased. large companies only care about money and output. and yeah true, good point, without bernie supporters hillary doesnt stand a chance. just crazy how he and is followers can support someone who derailed his campaign. neither candidate is a good one by any means lol. both will be a 1 term president. #randpaul
She didn't derail his campaign. She got more votes. Also, the vast majority of Sanders voters switched to Clinton immediately. It's not the division you think it is.
Well, considering Bernie won 86.1% of the Vermont Primary this year.. I think the only risk of him losing his seat was retiring... Just saying.
He didn't exactly run for his seat as a democrat. He doesn't need the party, the party needs him
The *people* need him. The democrats slide further to the right every election, we need some kind of representative that stands for progressive economic policies or this oligarchy nonsense will continue.
You actually believe they slide right every election, don't you?
he's an independent.
Lol no he doesn't.
As a "nasty woman," I can't wait to see this asshole lose on Nov. 8th.
He's going to win, glad you can admit you're nasty though
Deplorable.
Watch that female vote split get larger and larger...
Good for you lady
He'll be checking the results on Nov 29th
You mean 28th.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/lifestyle/political-fashion/img/hillary-clinton-pantsuits.jpg
I hope that gets played all over for the next several news cycles.
Chris Wallace takes no shit
He did a good job.
I agree. He took a hard line with both of them, which was good.
Expected him to end it, "and that's how you moderate a presidential debate." (mic drop).
Absolutely. Regardless of the results, he was an amazing moderator.
My favorite part was when Trump said Japan and South Korea are part of NATO when they absolutely aren't.
Well then they should join! What's their problem? There's no pacific reason they couldn't be members.
they don't have the money to pay the dues and if you don't pay Trump won't let you in the club.
Actually the joke was "pacific". Vs NATO. North Atlantic Treaty Organization. Atlantic. Like the ocean. Which Japan and South Korea are...a bit distant from. Sorry =(
Haha! I missed it!
Zing!
> I know you are but what am I? -Donald trump, 2016
Exactly what I thought after he did that. It was a very weak retort. He should have ignored the bait and pointed out it doesn't matter who did the leak, what matters is what the leak revealed. But he missed his chance - a now routine mistake for him during these debates.
Laughed my ass of when he said "You're a puppet!"
"You're a towel!"
Guys, who else is ready for 4 more years of Obama with Clinton?
Seriously. That sounds like a good plan to me.
8, please.
Me! Me!
We've done worse, I guess. Hopefully she'll be a one-term president.
I know he doesn't want it, but I totally want to talk about Justice Obama.
Pence is literally going to have concede for him
There should be a hashtag for that. #ConcedeNowPence
I fucking love Van Jones laying down the fucking truth on Jeffrey and Kayleigh. It's god damn beautiful
The Gore/Trump comparisons are cringe worthy. Gore still had a legitimate shot at victory considering how narrow the margin in Florida was so he stuck it out. Trump is a baby back bitch that only knows how to throw temper tantrums until he gets his way
Not to mention that if the same situation happens to Trump, I think most will not have any problem with him not conceding. But with Gore, there was never any doubt that he would ultimately accepts the results once they were determined. That's what Trump is failing to confirm.
Only way she loses is if there's some crazy WikiLeaks out there.
Dumb ass arguments from dumb ass people = Trump Supporters
I would give you gold but I refuse to support a website that has allowed a hate group to survive for as long as /r/the_dumbassbitches has.
Chris Wallace everybody. The real MVP.
Yeah he was tough on both of them. Framed alot of the questions for both of them so they couldn't back down from a previous statement without looking like idiots.
Great questions, but I thought he should have been more forceful about them not interrupting each other. That was gross to watch
Seriously.
Man took no shit.
Trump is a total flustered cuck. Wait no, clusterfuck. Aw fuck it, he's both.
Clustercuck?
Flustered cuck sounds right lol
He bombed. Hard. Edit: Im a trump supporter
After all of this . . . how?
Because of how corrupt clinton and the whole establisment is. There is literally nothing she wont do to stay in power. Have you been paying attention to any of the wikileaks dumps of the O'keefe videos? It's disgusting. Trump isn't the best but he isn't corrupt politician
Pretty comfortable chalking that last one up to the mere fact that he has never been a politican.
Banned from t_d!
He bombed. Clinton will literally have to die to lose at this point.
Redittor for 9 days, all posts bashing Trump or praising Clinton. Found the shill!
What can I say, it's hard not to join in shitting on Trump.
At this point I wouldn't be surprised if some of Trump's supporters tried to attack her before or even after the election is over.
There are 10.7 million more people working today than when President Obama took office. Employers have added 15 million jobs since the trough of the recession in 2010.
and average annual income is finally rising once again. obama worked. obama fixed the clogged toilet, that is america, the george bush clogged with his bull shit.
Considering Trump is all but guaranteed to lose in November (and I'm a Republican), the fact that he's refusing to accept the results is frightening. There is a serious threat that there may be small revolts by his gun-toting supporters.
Yea, that's a pretty big concern of mine right now. The last thing we need is to promote infighting and violence :(.
It's going to be very interesting to watch the ramifications unfold from his refusal to pledge to honor the results. Hard to tell... But I'll toss out these predictions... * The internecine fighting between Trumpsters and traditional Republicans will continue and strengthen. * The stigma of **LOSER** will start to stick much stronger and he'll start to bleed support from that alone. * Many undecideds will recognize how dangerous his stance is and will finally decide against him. * His downward slide in polling becomes cyclical. The more it drops, the more folk leave. * Turnout for Trumpsters is depressed. That is, actual voting is even less than polling data would suggest. It also makes folk like Pence (and to a degree Ivanka) look like fools for having promised what they cannot deliver.
> There is a serious threat that there may be small revolts by his ~~gun-toting supporters~~ Second Amendment people.
There are democrats, libertarians and greens, not to mention the US military and law enforcement who believe in the 2nd amendment as well. It's not like they'd get far.
Hey, but remember, gun rights are about the right of the people to fight tyranny! Every Republican since the 90's has said! Also, every Republican since Obama was elected has called him a tyrant. Trump is just setting up a harvest that the Republicans have been planting forever by defining tyranny downwards and normalizing the idea that private arms are for fighting the government.
Well the 2nd amendment is for resisting tyranny, but a legitimately elected President who when he calls to arms has not done anything yet, is not tyrannical.
Oh, for sure, but that's where the defining tyranny downwards comes from. How often have people on the right defined Obamacare as tyrannical because it passed with a party line vote? Now let's say Clinton gets a Scalia replacement in on a party line vote... how many responsible Republicans will avoid the "tyranny" rhetoric? The same proportion that don't support Trump? 1/5 of elected officials? The Republican party by adopting a Step 1) "withhold cooperation" Step 2) Cite lack of cooperation as proof of tyranny... has set up this heuristic in a lot of Trump supporters that "Democrat government; chk exist = tyranny" So it will be interesting to see if that rhetoric returns post election
This is the most worrying thing. Now it isn't even a question of the country needing to vote for the right person to keep it stable. Now, even if Trump loses, he might still ruin everything.
He's sowing the seeds of sedition
I almost wish they did gtfo and make their own country http://i.imgur.com/D21hcvz.jpg
Trump didn't just insult handicapped people, he insulted all people Jeff Lord
Haha.. like that makes it ok? What a fraud.
CNN: where a white dude tries to tell a lady of Mexican descent when to be offended.
CNN: where a Mexican mujer tries to tell a gentlemen of European descent when to be offended
Well good for CNN for showcasing that reality.
My least favorite part about elections is how much attention is given to undecided voters. These people have to be so dense to not be able to decide from two completely different world views that are diametrically opposed.
> ... These people have to be so dense to not be able to decide from two completely different world views that are diametrically opposed. Ken Bone made a pretty good case - it can be a difficult choice between personal and national interests.
But they're both the same. Facebook memes told me so.
I know Ken Bone is the Internet's darling right now, but he seems like a real dipshit.
This Al Gore comparison is hokey even for the Trump campaign.
There is no such thing as hokey for the Trump campaign
We'll probably hear that Gore comparison for the rest of the week.
It literally makes 0 sense....
idiotic. both sides were involved in the legal wrangling about how the recount was taking place. in the end, the supreme court decided 5-4, and that was the end of it.
SNL is gonna be so good this Saturday
I'm a pack a day smoker, but I don't think all of the cigarettes I've smoked in my life come close to giving me the level of cancer that this debate series has.
that was the worst closing statement i could possibly imagine
gg Trump, but that was the end of a presidential bid if I've ever seen one.
Trump: "I give lots to charity". Clinton: "Prove it".
Trump foundation... cough sniff
She put on her butcher's vest and completely butchered him.
>Such a nasty woman -Donald Trump /election
Donald Trump cannot handle details.
Doubting the validity of the election, the constant "wrongs" and he topped it off by calling her a nasty woman. He lost.
I just hope the US is able to clear that hombre situation up.
Ombra
yah WTH was up with that statement. A little ignorant.
yes, how are we going to get those bad hombres anyway
Build a wall of Coronas with burrito outposts along it. I dunno dude, I was playing the debate drinking game, fuck that guy and his rigged disaster wall stomping on the 2nd amendment.
I don't like calling voting an obligation. Obligation suggests that you must do it, even if you don't want to or don't care to. Voting is a responsibility. We ought to be informed and committed before voting, not disengaged and bitter.
It's both. A democracy is based on the will of the people. Without participation the government cannot be an accurately representative democracy.
It isn't anyway. I don't feel that there is a candidate in this election who accurately represents me and my interests. I'm doing what I can to learn about the available candidates and make the best choice I can, but it's work and all too easy to become resentful if it feels like this is being foisted you.
I get where you're coming from, but that's why voting in local elections is even more important. Again, it's your obligation to make sure those in your community are accurately represented.
I said that to my wife. Wtf? Obligation? Fuck that I thought this was america where I'm free to not vote.
Trump tonight https://giphy.com/gifs/daily-moore-11yj4CR4iDbHkA
Hillary https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/lifestyle/political-fashion/img/hillary-clinton-pantsuits.jpg
This is Hillary continuing with the football gifs https://giphy.com/gifs/packers-aaron-rodgers-green-bay-TPk1FY4sjPmY8
Trump said in this debate that he is not necessarily going to accept the results of this election. What the fuck.
That was like Donald trump doing a Donald trump impression, embarrassing....
You mean sad. Sad.
This has been one of the bigger shit show election years I've seen, but still can't wait to get out and vote.
"You can grab the pussy, but not the baby." - TRUMP 2016
Chris Wallace did an excellent job. I thought he would be biased, but he was the best out of the 3 debates.
I loved it every time he shut someone down!
Kellyanne Conway is a legit insane person.
Nah. She's just been drunk for weeks now.
Kellyanne Conway is smiling that fake smile and saying how great he did, while she sounds defeated and over it.
Can someone please explain to me what it means if Trump won't accept the results of the election? What would happen?
Revolution? Haha I hope not
His second amendment people will have to fix it. Of course, for all their tough talk, they still have things to do. They'll thrash for a week then go back to work.
It would mean that a major political party nominated a candidate that essentially doesn't have confidence in the system that he's running in. Basically he doesn't believe our democracy if he doesn't win.
Trump Army, duh.
Best case, he just refuses to talk about losing and fades away. Worst case, he tries to get his fanatical followers to start an armed rebellion.
Riots from his followers is what he is implying.
Technically, nothing. We don't need it to confirm the election. But, as a democratic nation it has implications for the legitimacy of our democracy. That's dangerous.
He'd look like a fucking idiot and his supporters might protest/riot.
He'll rant and rave on Twitter and plead his followers to riot in the streets. So ultimately nothing.
Best case, he'll pout and news organizations get a couple more days' sound bites out of him. Worst case, the more unhinged Trump supporters actually grab their guns and try to "stand up" for "their" country.
Well technically Clinton would still be president but if Trump actively calls the election rigged, the chance of people going lone wolf and rebelling increases a LOT.
Nothing. The electoral college would vote. Hillary would be elected and then inaugurated. People would stop caring about liddle donny.
He looks like a huge douche
It means the militias get mad and drink more beer.
It means he is the worlds largest and oldest man baby.
Eh he'll just rant some more.
Potentially violence and rioting. Delegitimization of Clinton, if it's a close result. It's really, really bad and unprecedented. The peaceful transfer of power is the cornerstone of democracy. What Trump said was undemocratic and dangerous.
If he was a more credible candidate with a broader following, this would be a bigger issue. As it is, I think any resulting problems will be limited to extremists as opposed to mobs in the streets. I fully expect somebody or several somebodies to do really stupid shit in the name of "water muh tree o' liberty w' blood uh patriots" and I expect them to get shot up and arrested and dismayed at the lack of popular support for "The Cause."
Nothing except he'll whine and cry like the whiny little bitch he is.
People: tune into C-SPAN. They're about to have crazy people call in with their opinions.
This is the highlight of the night for me. Thank you.
And the Trump death spiral continues. Cannot wait for this election to be over so his smug ass can crawl its way back to daytime tv where it belongs.
"Shh. MY TURN."
We need a gif with a finger coming up to her mouth to represent this moment.
Kelly Anne looks used up.
I know..wow.
She looks like she just rolled out of bed.
Gonna take me awhile to get used to saying "Madam" President.
go binge watch battlestar galactica
I've always wondered why not Mrs. President or Miss. President.
Wow, Hillary did great!
Trump was destroyed.
CNN post-debate analysis is an absolute shitshow.
It usually is. Trump's talking heads trying to spin how not promising to accept the results is a good thing.
I blame Jeffrey Lorde and that blonde chick
Lets all yell over the top of each other wooo
Van Jones has the line of the night. "You cannot polish this turd."
Arguments everywhere...
I never wanted to strangle an idiot so hard in my life.
'4 million dead voters on the voting roles....' 'people die every year'
You know, I've been playing GTAV recently and even Trevor has more respect for women. But seriously, I'm glad this is almost over. Though I'm worried about him not conceding if Hillary wins because that seems such a dangerous message to spread. Watching BBC news right now (not 'murican) and they said that was easily the most shocking moment.
It played the same way over here too. Challenging the result of elections is something that has never happened before and we Americans take a great deal of pride in the system which has served us well since it was instituted over 200 years ago and to hear that questioned by a major party's candidate for president is disturbing.
"nasty woman"? Bold move, cotton.
This blonde on CNN is insufferable.
It's tough to be a minority on the panel.
nah lol shes bae
She hot, though
That's Kelly for ya
She is dating a pitcher for the Mets also. As a Braves fan it just hits all the nerves at once
When he said "Such a nasty woman" I thought he's going to say "nasty bitch" on a live tv.
That's the insinuation. Intentional trigger
That's called a "dog-whistle"
This whole election makes me hate people who talk over one another with a burning passion
lol so all elections?
Where did they dig these two trump centipedes up for the CNN post debate? Christ
Jeffrey Lord is such an ass.
So he said probably won't accept the result of the election in case he loses? wait and see? seriously?!
HOUSTON online poll (KPRC-2 TV channel) has Clinton as the debate winner 52% to 48%. In Houston! So fucking weird. Edit: Apparently this is no big deal. I'm in Houston and I just see Trump stickers everywhere so I assumed this was a very red area. Maybe the other liberals are just shy about it publicly.
all the major cities in Texas are liberal. that should be no surprise.
If by liberal you mean center-right.
You haven't been to Austin.
> all the major cities in Texas Nice try though.
so have you?
Eh, all of Texas' big cities are blue.
Trump gave one of the most un-American answers in American political history. Wow. I am shocked and sick to my stomach.
Although KPRC covers more than just the Houston metropolitan area, Houston itself is actually a Democratic city, generally speaking.
I guess. I don't see it though. It's very right-wing from what I see here.
Guess the Trumplestiltskins haven't gotten to that one yet.
eh let's not go by online polls.
No one has more respect for women than me! [audible laughter]
It's sad that the one clear answer he gave was against women's right. [Overturning Roe v Wade]
How can these morons really compare Donald Trump and Al Gore? Really. I guess they can't figure out folks are upset about the "pussy grab" comment.
Al Gore couldn't accept the results and alleged faults with the election system?
"Unless they're a baby." OH FUCK OFF.
Your "political correctness" is "respect", assholes.
Omg Jeffery Lord going off the rails
1950s WTF IS GOING ON THIS PANEL IS A JOKE
Flabbergast at Jeffrey right now. He did not just try to justify that
Yes, yes he did. The Trump spin knows no bounds.
Van, "We live in a country where people are aggrieved all the time, I know I sit in meetings with them". This is why I like Van.
Someone tell the crowd members yelling this isn't College Gameday.
Your drunk man, go home.
No.
Oh haha sorry that did sound like I meant you. Obnoxious guy yelling in the crowd.
lol
Everybody for the Trump campaign looks really on edge. And Giuliani looks delusional.
Donald saying that he won't accept the election is saying he won't accept hundreds of millions of American voters. His business will be completely ruined if he does that.
I have no idea what the fuck Jeff Lord is even talking about anymore. A coup d'etat?
Changing laws exactly the same as overthrowing the government. Open your eyes man. Its a conspiracy.
I love how it seems everyone shuts up when Van is talking
He's killing it
The Trump Surrogates on CNN are killing me.
I love that Republicans expect the Constitution to be interpreted explicitly when the Founding Fathers established the Supreme Court for the opposite purpose. It's specifically written to be interpreted based on the times in which we live! If it was meant to be literal then there would be no need for the SC
I believe that one of the best (and occasionally worst) parts of the US legal and justice system is the huge latitude given to judged to interpret the law.
Not to mention that you genuinely cannot expect the world not to change after hundreds of years. They made the Constitution and the Supreme Court with the foresight that the world of 20XX would not be the same as their own. Rules are made to be changed based on new information and new circumstances.
There's actually HUGE debate among Constitutional scholars about whether the Constitution should be interpreted according to the perceived intentions of the Founders (Originalism) or as a living, moldable document (Loose Constructionism). Many conservatives, with Scalia previously being the most prominent, are fierce Originalists, and Trump has been singing to them whenever the Constitution comes up.
It's a very good debate to have. My opinion starts with a more limited statement: we have lives today, using technology, that the writers of the constitution could not have imagined; the constitution needs to be interpreted in light of these changes. In a healthy bipartisan government, I think the solution would be to regularly amend the constitution. For example, when it comes to online activity, automated position tracking, video camera use, etc - change the constitution to match the new means available. In absence of that, the courts basically have to decide their interpretation.
Every time Jeff Lord says Al Gore he does a smirk because he knows it's bullshit comparison.
Trollolollll.mp4 Has to be because that is almost criminal stupid, Mr Lord
the lawyer in me respects the man's ability to spin bullshit. The citizen in me is furious with him
39% is too high for the shitshow that rolled into.
39 is Trump's floor and ceiling at this point. Its the max popular vote percentage I called for him in this election in early August purely looking at demographic info.
Poor man is stuck in the floorboards.
I can't say it enough. I am so ready to vote tomorrow.
"Undecided" voters
Shocked, Texas lady was for Trump.
I'm in Texas. There are a lot of pissed Texas women here at the moment.
But what are they mad about?
Not enough in the grand scheme of things
I wish Trump had run against Obama in 2008. There wouldn't be a greater beatdown in the history of everything.
This is pretty good too though. Getting beat by a woman has some poetic justice to it.
I can't believe insane Trump supporters are trying to drown CNN out right now.
This is nothing compared to whats coming.
I don't know how the CNN panel haven't snapped yet. I would probably have turned around and told everyone to stfu.
fascinating right now on MSNBC: Because of shenanigans in the 80s the national Republican party is under a consent decree where they, along with state Republican parties, are FORBIDDEN from doing election day activities (like sending out "poll watchers"). Because they've all been good boys and girls that consent decree is set to expire next year. If the GOP wants to go down this Trump "rigged" conspiracy and put people on the ground to "monitor the situation" that consent decree will be extended, and the GOP really wants that consent decree gone.
Thanks Trump!
No shit? Do you have a source for this.
only source I have is Ben Ginsburg saying this on msnbc about 10 minutes ago edit this articles address it https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/08/13/how-donald-trumps-bizarre-voter-watch-effort-could-get-the-gop-in-trouble/ https://electionlawblog.org/?p=85289
I'm going to miss the 2016, post-debate shit show that **ALWAYS** ensued on CNN.
Expect the shit show to continue throughout all 4 years of Hillary's presidency. They're gonna be worse to her than Obama.
Thats the essence of CNN. A thousand fucking people on one table is awful for analysis but great for random shit shows and ratings.
I'm literally not gonna know what to do after this is all over
The next POTUS election (without an incumbent) will be so boring compared to 2016. I'm okay with that. Because if it's crazier, then our democracy is in real deep shit.
This focus group was never undecided. What a waste of time
352-186 for the 10th consecutive day. http://howwillamericavote.com/
No offense, but that's way off. For Kentucky, at least. Unfortunately, it'll be an overwhelming victory for Trump here.
not really surprising tbh
Most recent Kentucky poll yesterday has the race within 4%. It doesn't seem intuitive, but the data is the data. http://howwillamericavote.com/polls.aspx?ID=14668516&view=4464
And I'm telling you that poll is horribly incorrect. Clinton won't be within 20 points here. No Democrat ever is. Edit: And apparently people want to downvote me because I post facts. Look up past election results. Kentucky is as red as Texas, if not more so.
Bill Clinton won Kentucky twice in 1992 and 1996. I live in Northern KY, there's a solid democratic voting majority here. The issue is that the majority of them are the pro-union coal miners on the east side. Unfortunately, as the coal industry goes belly up we'll likely see Kentucky becoming even more red than it normally is.
The[ latest poll](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/kentucky/) had Trump only up by 4. Last poll that had Trump up by 20 was in August.
And who are you?
352-180 utah's prolly going for mcmullin
McMullin is up in most recent landline poll. http://howwillamericavote.com/polls.aspx?ID=14679197&view=4481 I think its likely. They don't have McMullin as a "candidate" for the purposes of the map, but they do for the poll results. Wonder if they'll fix that.
Thinking back he did claim that he was in his hotel room all afternoon watching ad after ad. That seems like a lonely reality to live with coupled with the fact that his hotel employees were picketing around the hotel at that time. http://www.peoplesworld.org/article/trump-hotel-las-vegas-workers-remind-him-of-managers-law-breaking/
Wearing a robe and shame eating KFC, no doubt.
I've watched all three debates. I had pretty much decided against voting for Trump before the debates. I wasn't completely set to towing the party line by voting Clinton, but I think I've pretty much decided that she's likely the better of the candidates. She at least sounded prepared and knowledgeable. That's important to me as a voter and taxpayer.
Welcome to the team and thanks for listening to the actual policy responses rather than the circusy bullshit. I wish more voters were willing to do actual research instead of just getting swept up in catch phrases.
*toeing
Fivethirtyeight on number of [interruptions](http://i.imgur.com/U6AdzmT.png).
I think you can substitute the word *rope* for *interruptions*.
Daaaaamn.
I think that registers with women a lot more than some men realise.
I love the coy smile on cartoon Hillary's face like 'Fuck yea. You lose you orange fucking fruit.'
TRUMP: We need to stop ripping babies out Wallace : Ehm, how do you rip a baby out of a woman? TRUMP: You grab her by the pussy
The baby or the woman?
Both. 4D checkmate, shill ^(/s)
Hillary killed it again.
She came. She saw. She killed. Cackle.
She rambled when he made comments on the recent videos showing evidence of voting fraud and people being sent to cause drama at his rallies. I support neither but she really didn't know what to say here .
"Nobody is a bigger supporter of women than me." "Such a nasty woman."
OMG, God forbid calling a woman a...... "woman". Seriously your comment makes zero sense.
In the context of her answer about the economy, him interrupting to insult her made no sense.
Somebody should make a gif out of that.
Only a big supporter when they aren't alleging him of anything.
frankly, people who are undecided at this point must not be very intelligent.
Some people are deciding major party vs third party which us very understandable
or they just want to be on TV, interviewed, and generally receive a lot of attention.
bingo! now you can start to understand what's really going on with this election
"Such a nasty woman" "Nobody respects women more than I do" What the fuck was that? That was uncalled for when talking about policy and especially when she is talking about helping families. That was the one thing that pissed me off the most. This was a Presidential debate and one of them muttered that while a democrat was talking about helping families. She was talking about helping fucking families and he insulted her.
So you are ignoring the jab she took at him that brought his remark on. I'm not suprised. This site is so biased it isn't even a joke anymore.
This is not how adults speak to each other.
Go back to r/the_safespace then if you can't handle it here
You completely miss my point. I was commenting on the fact that this person called the trump comment uncalled for. She antagonize him with her statement and he responded back.
With a personal insult. She "antagonized" him by criticizing his policies and actions and he interrupts her with a plain insult. There was no substance there, he just insulted her.
She took a jab at him for not paying taxes... That's what should happen in a debate. He interrupted and insulted her. You really cant tell the difference?
What are you talking about? You don't insult a candidate in that manner while she is answering a question on policy with substance in a presidential debate. That just shouldn't fucking happen. That's not biased, it's called being a reasonable person running for President of the United States of America.
Hang on, I'm voting for Clinton, but trump made his "nasty woman" remark after Clinton mentioned his tax returns. I'm not saying it's the correct response, but it wasn't out of nowhwre....
Debate 1 Clinton: he gets out of paying taxes Trump: that makes me smart Debate 3 Clinton: he gets out of paying taxes Trump: that makes her nasty
Justifying interrupting someone with a straight up insult. Interrupting is rude. Insulting is even more rude. Doing both at the same time while running for President is not a good sign
Does it matter what context Trump made the comment under? You do not interrupt a candidate talking about real important policy with a personal insult. That's hugely unprofessional and not presidential in the slightest.
She was talking about his tax returns. You worker drones are quick trying to spin this ain't ya 
oh then that makes it a wonderful thing to say
I think at that moment she had just given him a little offhand dig about not paying taxes (or something similar, I kind of forget), and he couldn't take it, so he lashed out with the insult. He's so easily goaded and so vengeful, he'd be a wreck against world leaders.
Yeah, she said that in order to keep Social Security, Medicare and other aid programs funded she was proposing tax increases on the rich, that would result in her own taxes being increased, as well as Donald's "assuming he can't figure out a way to avoid paying them." A minor burn he apparently couldn't let slide.
Her point was true too. She was being more lofty & matter-of-fact than nasty.
"Not accepting the result of the election is the final nail in the coffin, voters will not accept that answer." says Nicole in NBC News I agree.
but he didnt say he'd accept or deny.
You know what? I say those that refuse to accept the result ought to be held for treason or something like that. I don't know, nothing like this ever happened before. What do you call people who refuse to honor the result?
You would hope so, but the fact that this guy is even a major candidate should shake everyone's faith in the voters' judgement.
The idiots at CNN are talking about how he did ok.
The problem is somewhere between 5-20% of the country *will* believe the election is rigged because of what Trump has said. Hell, I bet 5% are the crazy ones that *always* think that. Only now, they're completely empowered. That's a frightening fucking prospect.
No hand shaking at the end 
She's been instigating riots to have his supporters brutally beaten. I wouldn't shake her hand either.
Not quite. Baiting his supporters into beating them, yes. Dirty tactics, yes. But the bottom line is Trump is way over his head. That doesn't change.
They've started whole riots, multiple Trump supporters have been severely beaten. That, combined with the lies about borders, clearly make her too corrupt to lead. She'd be more like some sort of mafioso dictator than a president, sending out agents to beat up her opposition. Not to mention she openly stated her intention to overturn Heller and take away our Second Amendment Rights tonight.
Trump doesn't shake hands with nasty women.
Hello, 911? I'd like to report a murder. Yes, on live TV.
I have a feeling plenty of bystanders enjoyed watching this massacre.
Based Van Jones quoting LL Cool J: "He lies about the lies he lied about"
So, I'm kind of *really fucking angry* at all of this right now. Donald Trump is a bully and a horrid human. He wants to strip Americans of their right to freedom of religion and free press. He openly advocates racial profiling. He's amazingly disrespectful of women. He doesn't know the basics of how the American government works or how negotiations between world leaders would work. He is actively trying to discredit the most treasured American tradition and right, voting. He demonstrates over and over again that he is *dangerously* incompetent. We're talking *lives* on the line, thanks to his super short temper with politicians he disagrees with and his habit of casually encouraging violence from his supporters. I've wanted there to be a female President for most of my life, and now that it finally looks like that's going to happen, I don't even get to be proud of it. I'll just be like Chris Rock, all "So!? You're *supposed* to not elect the putrid sack of shit. Whatchu want, a cookie?"
[deleted]
I actually like Hillary, as it happens. But that doesn't even matter given her opponent. How can America *be* this way? This is my home. I'm appalled and horrified at what it became to put a guy like *that* so close to the presidency. He's every ugly mindset our culture sows all wrapped up in one package, and not only is he *proud* of that, he wants us to be, too. And it works! Look at the following he's attracted! Look at how far he's made it in this election cycle! The damage he's done won't go away in January. It's going to sicken and scare me for a long time, knowing that we've barely scratched the surface of what we're capable of.
Chris Wallace will be fired from Fox News... for being fair and balanced.
Pretty bad when the most unbiased moderator of the three debates was the FOX one.
I don't think the others were more biased; this guy was just more commanding and able to rein them in when they went off the rails.
I wouldn't call him the most unbiased, but I will say he did the best job of sticking to the issues.
Exactly. He wasnt unbiased, but he had the guts to put the candidates in their place and hold them to answers. He did his job.
I generally don't like Wallace. But he nailed it tonight.
Regardless of whether you live in California or Arkansas, vote for Hillary. It's not about her winning anymore; it's about her winning by so much in the popular vote that this proto-fascist can't credibly claim it was stolen from him.
As an Arkansan and die hard Bernie fan, I'm definitely not voting for Trump.
Arizonan here, already voted for Hillary. Can't wait for Arizona to go blue.
[Tonight's debate in a nutshell] (https://media.giphy.com/media/10oyxbohhQrlWo/giphy.gif)
My new favorite gif
Lol! Thank for that!
So, three whole debates, and we didn't *once* get to discuss climate change, or really any science at all. Fantastic.
Yeah, we should discuss pro fracking Hillary and another obama's failed solar-panel project.
Well, the Democrats are convinced that it's happening, and that they shouldn't do anything serious about it, and the Republicans are convinced that it's not happening, and they shouldn't do anything serious about it... So I'm not sure what's left to discuss. Unless Jill Stein is likely to win the presidency, or something. The actual science on it is extremely dire - like 'shut down half of our currently operating coal mines next week'-dire. Nobody, whether in the US, or Europe is at all keen on doing anything of the sort. Promising a few million in solar panel research subsidies, on the other hand, is both ineffective, and won't get you lynched.
At least the democrats believe in Climate change. One of George Bush's polices was getting ground oil to make the economy boom. Thank god it's not like that today.
They also believe in continuing to approve new coal, oil, and gas permits, and in allowing existing mines to keep operating. This is completely incompatible with a 2C target for warming. http://www.vox.com/2016/10/4/13118594/2-degrees-no-more-fossil-fuels Actions speak louder than words, and all we get is words. They are selling us a win-win story, where the economy will grow, and climate disaster will be averted. The truth is that we can pick one of the two.
the other party literally doesn't believe in climate change lol
Yeah don't worry the person who believed in both is gonna win the election.
Well, it was brought up as it relates to energy in the second debate, and both candidates' stances on it are public. Trump: it's a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese. Clinton: we should become the green energy capital of the world; the Paris climate accord is a great step forward in regard to dealing with climate change and she'd like to see similar steps taken in the future.
Yeah, I suppose it was brought up in that context. I still would have liked to see it brought up as a specific topic, not as a brief side note to energy policy.
Beside cleaner energy, climate change would be a difficult to tackle. The only other cause of it that I hear is industrial animal farming, something I don't think this nation is ready to challenge for now.
And deforestation. And overuse of fertilisers in industrial agriculture.
Wasn't it in the first debate? Hillary called out Trumps Chinese hoax comment, he of course lied and denied ever saying that. She stuck with her natural gas bridge to green energy and retraining coal miners; he wanted to bring back coal. Maybe I'm imagining this, it's late and so much has happened since the first debate.
His element of surprise against isis is such Bullshit. He could also say that about the ww2 just sneak in and kill hitler. As if the army fighting for isis were not the problem.
Operation Overlord is the best example of the "element of surprise" and you decide to simplify it to "sneak in and kill Hitler"
Germany did have a general idea of the Allies preparing a large-scale landing *somewhere*. The obfuscation was pretty good, but you can't fully hide something like D-day or siege of Mosul.
I have read churchills book on ww2. Trust me i know something about this operation churchill even invented the floating platforms which they used as docks. But its the same like saying churchill "warned" the germans when he said they were going for paris. Or after that to berlin. That shows exactly that trump has absolutley no idea of military at all.
That's the funny part, to me. Yes, ISIS is now forewarned that America is noticing what's being reported on the news, and is going to go against them. THEY KNOW EVERYTHING
I actually don't think he even knew what or where Mosul was.
test
You are not shadow banned.
you . . . . . you can see me?
Why couldn't we see you?
I'm a ghost. boo! no time to explain. Putin is going to kidnap American Treasure Jonah Hill. You got to warn everyone!
He clearly mentioned the phrase "red line in the sand," which is a phrase that Obama used in the context of Syria. It seems that in the heat of the moment, Trump mixed up Iraq and Syria
I don't think he actually said Iraq at all during that part of the debate. He just talked about Iran and Syria.
Yeah, which is why I was very confused.
*Trump bursts into the room with his kids in tow* NOBODY EXPECTS THE MUSLIM INQUISITION!
He really thinks he's better at war strategies than the general and advisers the US army has
Dunning Kruger. Typical for your average crackpot and that is exactly what trump is.
Finally, someone other than me recognizes that Trump is the personification of Dunning-Kruger.
Are you at all surprised? His entire campaign is built on insisting there's an obvious and easy way to deal with complex problems (and that, despite these solutions being so obvious and easy, only he knows them). Of course if you ask him to explain how, he'll just say something rambling about veterans and change questions.
To be fair, a lot of economic problems we have been faced with over the past decade were made complex by the morons on wall street coming up with insane labels and wild ways of referring to simple things so that the majority of the population wouldn't understand how crazy it was. If you take a problem and simplify it to it's base then it's easier to understand it and fix it. If we don't get control of our financial sector the whole country will end up like Enron.
That is true. He has no idea to do anything. Its all just bullshit. As if reality is a b-movie plot were the generals are just waiting for his genius ideas like a sneak attack. I dont think he understands that isis is not a terrorist group like alkaida they have a army on the ground an control a territory. Complete nonsense.
I might be super biased, but I really think Clinton crushed it. Trump rambled and interrupted. He seemed to say everything wrong about his biggest trouble points and was unable to pivot. Clinton completely avoided her issues which I think is almost always the smart move.
>was unable to pivot. I think he's really good at pivoting. It's just that he does it multiple times each sentence.
Wow Alec Baldwin and Kate McKinnon were on point tonight.
I absolutely loved Donald Trump final words which basically amount to, Hey, if you elect Hillary she'll be exactly like our current president that has 55% approval ratings across the board. What a maroon. /bugs bunny
Clinton was really good tonight. Trump had a lot of negatives tonight as usual, but he scored some good hits on Hillary as well because she's got a lot of vulnerabilities. Overall I think Clinton won fairly strongly.
Wow your last sentence made me cringe
Liked she didn't even bat an eyelash when he called her "a nasty woman". Thick skinned.
It was different in that he was actually focused for a change. He still made lie after lie, but he wasn't jumping all over the place nearly as much as he did in the last two debates, and his responses seemed much more prepared (in comparison). I think it'll be hard for Clinton to be seen as the winner since the bar for Trump seems to be a lot lower.
- Trump was being attacked for tax avoidance at the time, but calling Hillary a "nasty woman" was probably ill-advised. - Trump taking his time to read rhetoric on his final statement, only to deliver "We're going to make America great again" was fairly laughable. - As was his comment on women, "Nobody respects them more than me." (Yeah, donald. The best at respecting women.) - It looks like both candidates are possibly going to war. What else is new. At least Clinton mentioned a political solution on Syria, but Trump's like the troops should never have left Iraq. Pardon me, but isn't GWB's occupying force what led to Isis? - Trump's failure to describe how his taxes for the rich program will bring back the post-war industrial heyday of the US was a concern. - Obviously Clinton was put under attack for emails again, but Trump's unwillingness to accept the democratic process is frankly more damning than whatever Clinton did. Good luck.
I voted 3rd party in the last few debates, but this time I gotta vote Clinton just because a Trump presidency scares the fuck out of me. I wouldn't want him to be president of a 4-H club.
Pretty sure Trump has never heard of 4-H.
Wrong.
I wouldn't elect him Dog Catcher.
There'd be so many, many dead animals.
So anyone want to talk about how a Trump out of sheer ignorance spoke out against C-Section births with his "Rip them out at 9 months" comment?
Hillary supported late term abortion, on air. Jesus I hate to know what her private opinion is Anywho yah toddlers dying from guns is bad but killing toddlers at 9mo the via c section is rippin awesome. Go baby murder!
In the case the mother would die.
But she voted to ban late term abortion
I laughed at this comment dispite both my kids wrre born via Csection.
Hillary advocates late term abortion up to 8-9 months, judging by your kids being alive that's not how they were aborted
That was fucked up. It went beyond that crazy shit Carly Fiorina said.
Yeah it was!
i will. i was screaming at the television on that one.
That's a pretty unfair interpretation. But it was disturbing that he did seem to imply opposition to abortions in all cases, including rape and life of the mother. A shame he wasn't asked any follow up about it to confirm his position.
It's just another ridiculous comment from Trump that shows his general ignorance about pretty much everything.
Not usually a V-Jones guy but he is killing it on this post-debate panel. Fuck yea Jonesy!
This guy is the man
Agree! He's on point tonight
Who is in their ninth month of pregnancy and says > Meh, let me go abort this thing. I dont want it anymore. Oh what. NO ONE.
Charlie's mom did.
My mom did. And then she had my brother by c-section, and everything was fine. Because that's what it is.
I know.. I think it wld be hard to find a doctor to do.
Generally third trimester abortions aren't performed unless there is very serious reason to (mother's life in danger serious). If the baby would be viable outside of the womb, you just don't abort.
That was the most disgusting part. What a POS
These so-called undecided voters really aren't.
I just had to drop by Breitbart to see what kind of BS they were up to now: http://i.imgur.com/YI4gDVS.png
I get all my *true, honest, accurate, and infallible* facts checked from hillaryclinton.com. That's one thing I missed, her shilling her website during the debate.
...you're doing God's work, son.
Breitbart poll "crashed" because Clinton is winning You can vote for it without going to the site still though https://polldaddy.com/poll/9556452/
Looks like they swapped the names for the absent minded clicker. I swear Hillary's name was the bottom choice an hour ago.
She's winning by 20% lol
Probably mentioned already, but Hillary wore red, white, and blue during these debates. Red for the first one, blue for the second, and white for tonight's.
I thought she wore black for the second? Was it a really dark blue?
Bill is fond of blue dresses
I'm pretty sure it was a navy blue. https://youtu.be/FRlI2SQ0Ueg?t=35s
Hmm, must have been the TV I was watching on, and the fact that it was darker than his suit.
I noticed!
First time I heard it. That's pretty cool though.
Not mentioned already! Dang though, a good catch!
She did the same at the convention. Red in her video appearance on the first night, blue when she stood with Obama. And white when she accepted the nomination.
Aren't those the colors of the French flag? Hmm.
No those are the colors of the Russian flag, she's been in with Putin the whole time!
and RUSSIA
"Such a nasty woman" Jesus Christ.
Trump wants to take taxes from people he doesn't want to help - according to his closing statement.
Something I noticed... Hillary just seemed utterly dumbfounded by Donald's sheer dishonesty and stupidity every time he finished speaking. Maybe that was his strategery going into this one.
What stood out to me was she made the -exact same- face every time regardless of what he said. It wasn't about what he said or who he said it about. It was about her conveying a message with body language to viewers. Apparently it worked on some people.
Best moderated debate out of the three. Hands down.
Yes, people were nervous about Wallace but he was the force of normality keeping them in line. It was great.
Yeah, at first I thought it was equal to the second, but Wallace kept it gold all through.
Pretty low bar though. While he did reiterate questions, he definitely did not keep trump honest or on point. Just let him go. Like when he brought up the sexual assault and trump went off on emails.
Glad we got teased with 27 minutes of civility before the excrement throwing began.
Canada wins this one by staying out of it completely.
In the words of P.E. Trudeau in 1969: > Living next to [the United States] is in some ways like sleeping with an elephant. No matter how friendly and even-tempered is the beast, if I can call it that, one is affected by every twitch and grunt.
*quietly whispers* "Wrong"
["Wrong"ing intensifies]
[deleted]
That is how democracies fall.
Every American should be. It's disgusting on top of all of his praise for authoritarian leaders.
I want to give Shepard Smith a hug.
"Such a nasty woman" "It'll be a surprise" Which was worse?
The biggest question post-debate, honestly.
Donald Trump wants to keep us in suspense? Maybe he should have put up a real fight -- there's no suspense about how this election is going to go.
Holy shit, so he finally went there and refused to commit to accepting the election results. Yeah, I don't think that's going to turn out well.
Chris Wallace was the MVP of this debate. Hillary was a close second. Donald was a greasy, squinty, rambling mess.
Was really impressed by Chris, he handled everything in a neutral tone and nailed both of down. I was expecting a touch of republican bias, it didn't happen.
My favorite exchange: "He has consistently denied-" "Wrong"
Sayonara, Donald. Don't let the door grab you in the pussy on the way out.
Biggest headline is that Trump refuses to agree to concede if he loses.
Majority of the CBS focus group had a problem with Trump's answer on accepting the results of the election. I think that's going to dominate the news reel.
same with Luntz'
"Such a nasty woman" ain't gonna help him with any women.
Saying you won't accept the outcome of the election was the nail in his coffin and he hammered it in.
Kellyanne Conway? Isn't this her day off?
Does she have paint on her forehead and a glass of wine in her hand?
Lol she just left the interview. She's so done with this.
She literally peaced the fuck out.
Does anyone have a GIF of Trump looking like he's going to cry right after the such a nasty woman remark?
Chris Wallace did an amazing job trying to keep these two on track even though it was difficult at times. Props to him for getting substance out of this debate.
Don't SNL usually parody the debates after they actually happen?
Oh man I can't wait for this Saturday
I don't think Trump knows a damn thing about Aleppo. This was the best moderating by far, but I wish he would have pushed just a little harder on that one.
What's a leppo?
Or Social Security and Medicare.
He clearly didn't
'Member Reagan?
This was by far the most substantive of the debates, which I think is why it will cost Trump the most. It may not make him lose much support, but it will push more undecideds to Clinton and prevent him from regaining lost supporters.
That is pretty sad though, isn't it? THIS was the best debate, and half of it was spent saying how horrible and crooked Hillary was, or how blatantly big an asshole Donald is. Yay! We got a few moments of substance! We have several Virginians right now who died in the 1700's and early 1800's spinning madly in their graves. As well as Patton apparently, but not for the reason Trump thinks.
Hillary to Trump https://i.imgur.com/GfJNU68.jpg
Oh my lord a CNN talking head is trying to defend Trump's comments by bringing up Al Gore not conceding until December. This is the new line of attack. I hate this election. I hate this year.
That's not even close to being a reasonable comparison. But I guess that's the best argument they've got. Trump is the greatest threat to American democracy we've seen in generations.
"technically, you cant polish any turd" -anderson cooper on cnn
*yes you can*
Anderson Cooper keeping it 100
This blonde chick on CNN has lost it
Somebody please cut her mic.
Anderson Cooper literally just got caught flashing "good lord this is the most stupid thing I've ever listened to" laugh
Well, Trump didn't shit on the floor so that must mean he wins right?
Under Wimp Lo rules he won.
But what if Trump himself is the shit on the floor??
You saw his face, he dumped in his pants on several occasions.
he debated like a senile old man who shit himself if you ask me
A candidate refusing to say he'd accept the voters choice on the presidential debate stage is monumental and terrifying
Kayleigh always looks likes she wants to cry
Because she's always crying on the inside.
After tonight she should.
To be fair, I'd have a hard time not crying while being shouted at on live tv.
Wouldn't you though lol. It is like she is chasing the worlds most annoying 5 year old around a crowded restaurant screaming "get back here you little shit".
Because her candidate sucks and the cognitive dissonance is slowly killing her.
thinking hurts her brain.
With her candidate, I think she does
Why is she dressed like she's in the X-Men?
I can see my mom sitting at home like: "I went through all of that paperwork, dealt with all of that bureaucracy, devoted all of those resources and waited all those years to become a citizen for THIS?!??!?! Give me a break."
The Trump commentators on CNN are in rare form tonight...
Crazy
Can they finish? Please, let them finish!
Axelrod on CNN saying Trump has dropped in the polls after every single "great debate performance" was very effective.
Hey LL Cool J, you know you've made it when CNN quote your raps in the post debate coverage.
[deleted]
Did his eyes look super bloodshot? Or are they just really beady?
>Did his eyes look super bloodshot? Or are they just really beady? He was squinting his eyes and blinking a lot. I don't normally notice stuff like that (I didn't notice the sniffing until I read about it after the first debate), but the eye thing was really obvious to me.
Van Jones absolutely nailing it.
Came here to say this!
He is the man. Always has some insightful comments.
What is he saying? Don't have TV on right now.
Trump was talking about the growth rate of China and India....and saying Obama's growth rate is bad....but with mature economies its more average.... personally, I think growth rate of population is a huge driver in demand growth.....
Daily Show is doing a live post-debate show if anyone is interested in that.
I had to turn it from CNN. Those Trumpets are just so far in an alternate reality that it is beyond any logical reasoning.
It's amazing the difference between the trumpets and the others, they really are in another reality.
I think it's funny watching Axe and Van straight up call them on it. "You guys are here as surrogates, but what about the large chunk of undecideds"
but Vance Jones is dropping awesome lines
Van Jones
Megyn Kelly is drilling this guy!
Damn y'all gonna make me watch Fox News...
Kayleigh looking at Van Jones like "Who is this man and why does he keep saying reasonable things?"
white guy can't believe hispanics are getting offended. 'no you aren't, lol'
Trump needed a home run but struck out on a missed bunt attempt.
You can bunt foul on strike 2 and strikeout that way too. :P
1950s TV? Before the civil rights act? That's his source?
Its *scientific*
Someone who was playing the debate drinking game is going off in the background of CNN.
Trump's pooper scoopers are deplorable.
Not to criticize appearance, but it looks like Conway's aged 10 years in the two months she's been campaign manager. Trying to put out a wildfire with a water pistol sure takes its toll.
But she is doing about as good a job as I can imagine given her resources. I'd be afraid of her if she had a stronger candidate to plug for.
Kellyanne: Every poll will show that Trump won. I thought we didn't believe the polls
Are they seriously suggesting that a healthy baby at near-on 9 months would be aborted? Seriously?? No, dumbasses. That would be a birth.
And literally ripping it out using force with no regard for the health of the mother and the child would be murder. That simply does not happen. It's fear-mongering and scare tactics aimed towards those who are ignorant of these issues.
It's an insult to our collective intelligence.
Here's a good story on this.... http://www.vox.com/2016/10/19/13341532/abortion-9-months-trump
how did conway willingly accept the job of campaign manager
She's a spin artist, and this promised to be the greatest challenge she'll ever had the opportunity to take on. Don't like her politics, but I think Kelleyanne is a badass
Money. Lots of it.
all money in the world couldn't persuade me to associate with such a dumpster fire
Her last gig was running the campaign for Todd "legitimate rape" Akin. It's not like there were a ton of other campaigns offering her jobs.
I don't think Donald knows how a closing statement works. Nothing was positive and just attacking but with Clinton I actually felt hopeful and she said what she would do as President. Trump needed to be more assuring of what he'd do as President rather than constantly take the bait of attacking Clinton. Not a great way to finish the final debate when he really needed an overwhelming win
Maybe so, but at least he surely won the hearts of black voters by telling them they have no education!
Sorry Jesus sign dude. I don't think Jesus could save me from that shitshow of a debate.
You don't need to think, you need to *believe*.
Anderson Cooper Just taking it all in.
[Me tonight](https://media.giphy.com/media/3o6ZsZZgO4P5zBFB4c/giphy.gif)
I prefer SNL's "nah, go ahead."
"Are you guys hearing this too?"
THeyre right: there is a bias. Reality is biased against Trump.
52% Clinton 39% Trump CNN poll says Clinton won the debate.
Uh that doesn't add up to 100% was there another option?
Rigged!
yougov poll, Clinton wins debate 49-39. https://today.yougov.com/news/2016/10/19/post-debate-poll/
https://twitter.com/CNNPolitics/status/788947041938464768 CNN/ORC Poll: Clinton 52 - Trump 39
To be objective...CNN doesn't even pretend to make you think it's unbiased. They admit it's Democratic leaning by about 12 points.
fox still says fair and balanced
They did not. Wrong.
They can only poll people who watched the debate.
Wrong!
Wrong in your biased imagination, fact in the real world.
wheres ken bone btw?
His 15 minutes were up a while ago
He’s there covering the debate for Jimmy Kimmel
Looking at buttholes
Looking at Jennifer Lawrence butthole
Can Trump prove every maid in his hotels are legal?
i'm not trump supoorter but holding him responsible for human reousrces departments is reaching
You're saying he has no problem being a hypocrite? I agree.
It's his company.
As CEO of a corporation, you are ultimately responsible for anything that happens in your company.
theres a difference between the buck stopping at you, and being personally responsible for an action.
Just as much of a reach as suggesting that Hillary can singlehandedly pass laws as a senator.
who's saying that isn't reaching either?
Donald Trump.
Trump can't prove he's not 3 ten year olds in a trench coat.
He has never proven anything he claims.
Sure, as soon as he shows you his taxes
Tomorrow's Trump rally : "I did not call Hillary a nasty woman."
"Hillary wants to keep you in suspense"
Sahil Kapur (Bloomberg) on Twitter: [Seen at least four foreign reporters in the spin room asking questions about Trump's "rigged" claim. This will make international headlines.](https://twitter.com/sahilkapur/status/788951182391640064)
I fucking love Republicans going on CNN and bitching about media bias.
The Trumptards in the backround is making me legit wonder how good the Security is out there.
It's not insecure, it's just loud. It's making *me* legit wonder how good CNN's planning is.
Chris Wallace did a great job and I hope he's a part of 2020 debate
I was dreading that it was a fox moderator, but he ended up doing the best of the 3
I had tentative hopes, that were exceeded. He had seemed, from the Republican primaries at least, to be interested in doing the job right, and even calling Trump on his bullshit. Also I figured Fox probably wanted to be fair and balanced this time, since it's their first presidential debate ever, and they had a lot to prove. Screw it up with a terrible moderator performance, and they might have to wait another 30 years to have another chance. All in all - good work Wallace.
CNN couldnt find a studio room to do the after debate coverage? Its Las Vegas for God sake.
God these UNLV students are so embarrassing, way to rep your school.
86.9% acceptance rate
Jeez... community college?
I mean... It is UNLV
Their dancesport team is pretty cool!
Who the fuck is shrieking on MSNBC? you can't even make out what they're saying, what's the point of yelling?
They were screaming "WE VOTED FOR BERNIE" over and over again. Maybe they still think he can win...
Guess they got the marching orders to say they are Bernie voters and talk nice about dear old Bernie. The Trumpers have done it on the boards as well.
The same moronic deplorables that were screaming at CNN earlier. CNN is replaying the debate now, so they moved over to MSNBC
I really, really, don't know why the fuck the news channels keep having their panels outside. This has been going on for the past fucking year. They have the panel in full view of the public, and then idiots with microphoneS shout over them. DO IT IN THE FUCKING STUDIO YOU DO NOT NEED TO BE OUTSIDE THE BUILDING
Or just set up a cordon like ESPN gameday does, and have security to remove those that wont respect the rules.
Reports of long lines at the polls in Raleigh as early voting started today in NC. Which is exciting. Hopefully I’m able to vote after work.
Going after class today since there's an early voting poll near my college campus. Turnout has been fairly good here in Georgia since early voting started.
Still openly undermining our Democracy. This guy is supposed to love America?
[Trump rage quit](http://i.imgur.com/2XkntS9.gif) at end of debate. Nerf Hillary pls!
**TRUMP WORD COUNT: END OF THE DEBATE** -------------------------------------------------------- (NOTE: I admit I may have missed a word here or there. I forgot to record "ISIS", "Great", and "Very" ) Correct: 1 Disgrace: 1 Rigged: 1 Huge/Yuge: 1 Catastrophe: 1 Thousand(s): 3 Million(s): 14 Billion(s): 8 Disaster: 8 Tremendous: 7 Extremely: 3 Massive: 4 Wrong: 8* Crooked: 9 Sad/So Sad: 9 Bigly/big league: 3 Hacks/Political Hacks: 3 Believe me: 1 Much more/Very Much/Much: 8 We are going to make: 5 Because of the fact: 2 Nobody has more: 4 Stupid/Stupidity/Stupidity of our country: 5 *(Mouthed 'wrong' one time but didn't say it out loud) -------------------------------------------------------- **TRUMP WORD COUNT: END OF THE DEBATE**
You forgot "nasty woman."
I know... apologies.
You forgot "Mosul"
I know... I failed on that....sorry.
What the hell kind of US presidential candidate sucks the cocks of Russia, Syria and Iran during a debate? How is no one talking about all that praise he gave them? Jesus are they his idea for a good leader? God it was infuriating to listen to that.
Almost as infuriating as Hillary trying to blame Russia for Wikileaks hacking her emails ^(which don't exist and are totally unclassified)
It's fascinating to me that the Democrats are now the war mongers. And to think I thought Bush was bad. After Hillary is president and attempts to nation build Syria and starts cold war II with Russia, lets see how we feel about her then.
But, /u/_princess-, you're missing one point. They're all fighting ISIS. Wouldn't you want to get along with those fighting ISIS? I'd want to get along with them. I, haven't heard what Putin has said about me, but I think he's a strong leader. We need strong leaders big league! Barack Obama is a weak leader and Hillary will be four more years of that weakness. Under a Trump administration, we will appear strong. We don't need this weakness. ^^Trump ^^™ ^^/s
I agree completely. I was fuming the whole time. I couldn't keep a straight face. they're to much better than Obama and Hillary, blah blah blah. It made me sick.
It was discussed on CNN for a bit
He does so much loony stuff its hard to focus on it all.
I want to introduce to you, President Hillary Clinton.
Don't get ahead of yourself. Would be so entertaining to see Trump win regardless of his lackluster performance tonight.
She was 100% already the President on that stage.
**What a shit audience.** **Are people incapable of following basic fucking directions?**
did you hear the trumpets yelling at the post debate panel?
Trump followers certainly have issues with that.
Trump supporters paid by HRC.
Hildog got a few laughs too.
Clinton supporters were doing the same came on now.
>Nobody respects women more than me. >[Raucous laughter]
Both sides had people clapping at various times.. dont be stupid at least
They were pretty good actually.
Yeah of all the debates they were most well behaved during this one.
Wallace actually followed through, which I think helped.
There shouldn't be one.
Agreed
Trump surrogates think I'm too young or stupid to remember what actually happened in 2000. Wish they wouldn't insult our intelligence like that. It's not helping them.
They hope you're either too young or too senile.
Jeff just did it again. What an asshole. The issue is Trump is going to lose by like 200 EV, and he's still not sure if he'll concede. If this is as close as 2000 I'll eat my iPhone.
Does Donald know the difference between %GDP growth, and debt as a percentage of gdp?
I doubt he knows the difference between deficit and debt either. Not that I think he really cares either way. It was just a talking point that one of his staffers helped prep him on used for firing up his base and attracting attention away from other stuff. I mean, he literally said that he plans to lower taxes, which I guess some people could say good for the individual, but it should be obvious how bad that would be for the government as a whole. It is already filled with people fighting for every dollar in their budgets.
maybe. but he knows the American people certainly don't, so its a nice way to dodge the question he was asked either way
He will keep it a suspense till Nov 8
You mean November 28th .
35th
Motherfucker the date too is rigged?!!
Trump tanked that debate with that nasty woman remark
"I'll keep you in suspense?" What is this, the season finale of some TV show?
Still didn't win an Emmy.
Scary that he isn't willing to accept the results now
Why the fuck are people on CNN saying this was his best debate minus two moments. Are you fucking kidding me. Did they even watch the debate? Fuck this false balance reporting. Trump should not get graded on a curve
What? Cause he did well, seems obvious!
He was "good" for Trump standards for 40 minutes. Then went back to flying off the rails and sounding like a complete moron.
The only ones on CNN saying that are his paid surrogates.
No actually I was quoting Smerconish
Lindsey Graham just eviscerated Trump(he is one of the few Republicans who will come out of this with his dignity) https://twitter.com/LindseyGrahamSC/status/788932279066329088
I read it as Lindsey Lohan ... and was very confused.
3rd straight debate without a substantial discussion about climate change. People should realize how crazy it is that Trump believes that Climate Change is a hoax.
Yep. Not a surprise to be honest.
DAMMIT! Just read Clinton's platform and watch her Florida rally with Gore.
CNN fact checking is murdering Trump.
Yea, I think they've given up on trying to pretend that the candidates are equal. It doesn't help that Trump decided to throw down against CNN either.
> ~~CNN~~ fact checking is murdering Trump.
ok, I cant help it, what the fuck is up with that sniff?
It's rail drip from long-term coke use.
President Clinton's own brother was on video, broadcast on 60 Minutes (Back when 60 Minutes was a big deal) saying that he needed to get some for his brother who "has a nose like a vaccuum cleaner."
We can laugh about this but the sad thing is Trump has disgraced our nation by turning the essence of what makes us great, our political process, into a reality show where the more outrageously you behave the higher your ratings, and in doing so made plain that a vast number of our citizens see the world as he does. This is damaging in unforeseeable ways at home and around the world.
You should blame the media for focusing on it. Trump knows how to work the media, and the MSM is going along with it.
I can blame the media for a lot such as their by in large unquestioning tacit support for the Iraq war but it was still Bush's war and Trump is still Trump's Trump. This time the media will probably pretty much all be patting themselves on the back for paying attention. He was the Republican nominee. They had to pay attention one way or another.
CNN spent hours talking about Donald Trump's "Grab them by the pussy" tape, and 13 minutes on the wikileaks information.
And Trump has garnered thousands of hours of media time with his other antics. I guess he just doesn't like it when it he can't control it. So tell us about the wiki-leaks (again). It was part of the debate.
It was part of the Fox News debate. They don't waste time with petty words spoken over a decade ago, unlike CNN or MSNBC.
That's because there's not very much interesting stuff in the wiki leaks dumps... The vast majority contain mundane day-to-day emails, and most of the "explosive" ones are being twisted out of context to make them seem controversial - like where the email included a press clipping about Benghazi and Trump claimed they were Clinton's camp's own words. Trump also runs a shitty campaign, and thinks it's newsworthy that Clinton doesn't, so they try to make standard stuff, like opposition research and lists of potential slogans, seem like some sort of twisted conspiracy instead of normal campaign activities.
So disappointed with his "such a nasty woman" comment. So absolutely uncalled for.
Hillary's off-hand insult on Trump's ability to be able to achieve his goals as President WAS called for?
Yes!
Good to know you can't look at things in a non-partisan light. It's just fine if Hillary does it! She's doing it for a good cause, it's justified :) You got any brown shirts I could borrow? If Trump wins the election, you'll be upset. If Clinton wins the election, you'll be happy! But then you'll be upset, because you'll get to know first hand just what a career politician really thinks about all those issues she pretended to care about to get your vote. But this is just another argument you'll ignore, don't worry about it bud
Concern trolling
I'm not surprised at all, the guy is a total idiot.
But you don't get it. Nobody respects women more than him! /s
yeah, its so unlike him /s
But so authentically Trump.
He tells it like it is! /s
No one respects women more than Donald.
Comments like that will only lose him the election. Completely unprofessional, this guy calls himself a businessman?
Yeah he royally fucked up there...
Yeah, that one is going to stick around.
Very obvious Hillary prepared a closing statement while Trump didn't. I'm looking forward to election day and the shitshow that will happen. Our very democracy is at risk with comments like "we will see, I'll keep you guessing." EDIT: Chris Wallace did OK, but he's no Martha Raddatz or Anderson Cooper.
Wallace was the best so far in my opinion by a mile.
I get the whole "They go low..." thing, but I wish someome would have outright called Trump on stage at any point during his short political career. When he's mid rant saying "Mosul is so sad Mosul is such a disaster..." Imagine Hillary pulling a picture of the Middle East out, walking over to Trump, and calmly asking "Donald could you point out where Mosul is on this map?" Sigh...I wish Uncle Joe had run...he would have done it.
The only reason Hillary could point to Mosul on a map is probably because she received a Foundation check from there.
Or, yknow, because she was Secretary of State for years?
Gary Johnson can't point to Aleppo. Hillary doesn't know what (C) means. Political service doesn't always equate to knowledge.
The difference is GJ said "What is Allepo?" Trump would have said "Its just so sad about Allepo. Such a disaster with Allepo." Without having a clue.
Are you implying that the situation in Aleppo is not sad or not a disaster? (Remember, two p's, one l.)
Not even close to what I was implying
You know what will prove this election was rigged? If Trump wins.
If anything, this election has shown the clear difference between a trained politician and someone with very little conditioning. Clinton clearly knows when to pivot away from a question that she is uncomfortable answering, while Trump continually sticks his foot in his mouth. I am not a huge fan of Obama. One trend that I am seeing after this debate and the comment about "4 more years of Obama" is that Obama would win a 3rd term easily, which should be an endorsement for Clinton...but it's not. It shows how big this election crisis is. I myself would vote for Obama over every other choice presented. I would be curious to know how many in r/politics would vote for a 3rd term Obama over Clinton, Trump or any other outlier.
Myself, I'd take either candidate from the last election.
I would vote Michelle for president so that Barack could stay.
There is no way that this poll isn't coming out in the next 3 days.
Shit. I might.
I mean, we joke about it, but we have term limits for a reason.
I would. While he certainly had his faults, Obama did have to deal with an absolutely abysmal Congress that was all to eager to put aside doing actual work in the name of political grandstanding. Meanwhile he had to deal with two major wars, which have yet to be resolved, and a terrible recession. You remove the politics and look at the demeanor and presence of the man and Obama is a shining example of what you want in a President and the best President we've had in at least 2 decades.
I am happily voting for Clinton-- but if you are offering me an Obama 3rd term over Clinton or Trump -- I'll take that any day of the week (especially if it comes with a democratic congress).
If we lived in a world where the 22nd amendment didn't exist, I'd vote for a third Obama term.
Hillary obviously crushed Trump, but I really really really wish she hadn't ducked the Clinton foundation question. We're not stupid - trying to divert away by attacking Trump only called attention to the question and the lack of an answer. If she wasn't running agains a cartoon character things like this would be pretty damning.
its like how she diverts from the leaks by telling everyone they come from russia. She never said they were lies.
There were hardly damning.
She's a horribly weak candidate to run and the only reason she will see office is because Trump is literally an idiot who can't get out of his own god damn way. This election was too bad because I think Sanders would have done wonders for the general public on a humanitarian level
And yet he couldn't win the primary. Sad. Or is it time to start screaming rigged like a certain someone?
And 5 years ago Trump and Clinton were great friends.
Surprised Haiti wasn't brought up and if another viable candidate was running against her, they would have maybe mentioned it...but here we are with Trumps thin skin & constant whine.
She gave an answer of sorts, but it only answered half the question. She pointed out that she uses 90% of the money given to her organization to help others in various ways, which is good, but she did totally duck the whole "accepting money from terrible countries" part. That was certainly her weakest question and a great question by Wallace. Fortunately, as you pointed out, Trump did the same thing many times over even pivoting off economics, his strong suit, to get into NATO for some reason...
After Trump was previously saying we should charge said terrible countries (e.g. Saudi Arabia) for defence? So he will take the money but she should give it back.
> but I really really really wish she hadn't ducked the Clinton foundation question. What was she supposed to say ? Fact is Saudi arabia doesnt donate to her. Some saudi guy donated to the foundation which was used for charity purpose. So how the fuck can she return that ? Fact is Clinton Foundation is one of the most transparent and highest rated charities as audited by multiple independent watchdogs. Meanwhile Trump foundation is not even licensed in many states and spends money settling his personal lawsuits and buying his portraits. She was explaining it when Chris Wallace interrupted her. I just dont get this Clinton Foundation paranoia.
Wallace specifically mentioned the practice of rewarding donors and the tiered lists that the foundation kept to delineate them. So she could have directly addressed that. The foundation being highly rated and doing good things has nothing to do with the issue asked, and she did nothing to address it. I wanted to hear an explanation like she gave for the open-borders question, but she chose to ignore it.
And fact is that the Saudis are also the ones who fucking bailed Trump from disaster, twice. And another fact, from wikileaks itself, is that the Obama administration had put a lot of pressure in making the KSA government to give women the vote, which happened. He is far more more dependent on the Saudis then the Saudis are dependent on the USA.
Hannity just interviewed Obama's Trump-loving half-brother. On any other night this would've been the craziest thing on television.
Lol I love that I was completely unaware those people were even at the debate, at least just in watching it. I heard about the stunt, but only Hannity entertains it.
Yeah, turns out the half brother was petulant from not getting enough attention from the president. He sounds as pathetic as Trump.
A study of 1 Billion votes and only 31 found to be possibly fraudulent. He'll lose because he ran a shitty campaign, lost debates like this, and pussygate. Not because "our system is rigged". But him **refusing to accept the results** is a dangerous to our democracy. It's foundation is based on a smooth transition of power after each election.
Has there ever been a campaign machine as crooked as the one Hillary is running, that Project Veritas just exposed? Bussing illegal voters over state lines? Paying mentally ill people to "do shit"? Inserting provocateur/saboteurs at rallies? Coordinating illegally with PACs and friendly journalists? Has there EVER been more reason to be suspicious? And how dare Democrats whine about "accepting elections" after 8 years of "Bush stole the election" and "Bush was selected not elected!"!
>Project Veritas Really? And I suppose you believe in lizard people too? I hate to burst your bubble but [that crap is pure fiction](http://www.snopes.com/2016/10/18/project-veritas-election-videos/) > http://www.snopes.com/2016/10/18/project-veritas-election-videos/ Al Gore accepted the results graciously. Question the basis of our democracy like Trump is threatening to do.
Are you fucking kidding? Gore held up a "smooth transition" for over a month, in a case that went to the Supreme Court. He finally conceded after exhausting EVERY POSSIBLE LEGAL REMEDY to fight it. Jesus. And don't lie, you haven't even seen the latest Veritas videos, containing long, unedited confessions by Hillary's henchmen.
Gore only lost by 200 votes and still called Bush election night to concede. When election irregularities started show up, yes he challenged them in court but **accepted ruling**. Gore didn't tell his supports that the system was rigged. He didn't try to destabilize our democracy. Trump is a dangerous to our democracy.
> unedited Newer than the snopes article?
Using Snopes as an appeal to authority for politics is not at all convincing. Their opinion of someone elses' opinion carries no weight. They should stick to debunking chain emails. Watch the videos. Look at the financial disclosures showing actual payments to the actual rioters. They are confessions to money laundering and formenting riots.
Also most of the states have Republicans in charge of administering the elections.
Trump started strong for the first fifteen minutes, but he just can't help himself. Measured, controlled, "Presidential" Trump is not a façade he can maintain for more than a few minutes. Clinton yet again cleaned his clock tonight. And the "I won't concede if I lose" answer is disgraceful and disqualifying.
basically this. I was literally counting the minutes for him to interrupt with stupid remark.
There's an interesting principle in psychology at play here. Putting on a false persona is mentally exhausting, most people can only maintain it for about 45 minutes. That's why a lot of job interviews last longer than that. Interesting tit-bit, 45 minutes is also how long our sleep cycles are. Not sure if the two are related, but it's an interesting coincidence.
Trumps closing statement was probably the worst *in history*
Clinton showed a lot of grace. Trump just had a stupid brain fart.
You are all going to dieeeeee (Alec Baldwin Trump voice).
It was supposed to be about why we should vote for him. And he couldn't help himself. He had to attack her twice. What an idiot.
And she nailed it.
I still can't believe that Donald stood up on a national stage, millions of people watching, and said that he will not accept the results of the election if he loses.
Some dumb fucks in backwoods Georgia are going to go guns blazing in the capital with "INSURRECTION. THE SOUTH RIDES AGAIN" thanks to this egotist.
Trump is so bad that Georgia is now in play. The more states go blue, the bigger message it sends.
Can you believe Ari-fucking-zona is also leaning blue? That place is redder than the rock that lays on that land.
People are going to die because of him.
That's the scary part if that's what happens. At that point you have to wonder if he can be charged with a crime should violence occur.
WOW !!!! People are dumb.. In the focus group, this lady agreed with Trump that Clinton didn't do anything. I mean, do people realize that the Senate has 100 members and they have to vote? People are coming to focus groups and no NOTHING about how our system works. So infuriating.
They actually look for the dumbest people possible.
I believe that! /u/foobeans for President!
"Some people are really fucking stupid." - George Carlin
Yes!! George Carlin has always been spot on! Love his comedy!
If they're still undecided at this point it's obvious they pay no attention. They should be ignored not herded into a room and questioned.
True. Hard to find undecided voters at this point who know how it works.
[deleted]
Not at all. To be fair, she has her rights though! All we can do is promote education to combat it :)
Donald totally undermined the principle of peaceful transfer of power. It is stunning !
Not only that. He's feeding his followers lines about everything being rigged. His followers are actually speaking of rebellion and he is refusing to say if he will concede. This is actually worrying.
When Donald Trump says he won't accept the outcome of the election, he is saying that your votes don't matter. Tom Brokaw has been off in the NBC post-debate conversations this cycle, but he hit the nail on the head just then: if Al Gore can accept the results with grace, so can Trump. He just doesn't want to.
because hes a sore loser, look at his history when "The Apprentice" didnt win. He said the Emmys were rigged. When he lost the Iowa caucus he said that Cruz rigged it.
This guy is complaining that hombres isn't as bad as the N word... Why trump supporters... how can anyone be this dumb.
Literal silence after that
is not easy. takes hard work and much practice.
This CNN post debate is hilarious
Absolutely golden.
Holy shit is anyone watching CNN right now? One of the only Trump supporters on the panel just looked at the only black guy and said "Hombre isn't the same as the N word right? Right?" His supporters are almost as clueless as he is. It's hilarious.
yeah I don't really know, i get their point about expanding the amount of people who would vote for him. just doesn't really help donald
Who the fuck says "bad hombres" anyway?
That dude used to be the sane one, but he has been hanging out with the deplorables so much that he's starting to speak his mind.
I lost it at that moment. Van just put his hands up in disbelief. God bless him dealing with these crazy people.
I spit out my drink at that. See the look Van Jones and Kelly gave him after that?
I spit out my beer. Couldn't believe he tried to say it's not as bad as the N word. If you have to even compare it, it's bad.
I'm watching it! I can't believe it. I knew where it was going when he said 1950!
Jeffrey Lord does this shit ALL the time.
LOL at people screaming "Bill Clinton is a rapist" in the background on CNN. This is such a fucking shitshow I can't wait until Nov. 8th when Trump gets destroyed.
Why are they doing this show like it's a college football pregame.
He is obnoxious and sounds like someone that would vote for Trump.
Personally my favorite part was this: when he went on his usual tangent about needing SCJs to uphold the second amendment because Hillary wants it abolished. She said twice in her answer when wants to uphold the 2nd Amendment but she wants to make reasonable changes. Like a stricter background check and not letting people buy whatever gun they want at a gun show without a background check at all. Twice she had to point out she's not trying to take their guns.
> not letting people buy whatever gun they want at a gun show without a background check at all. Yeah, the problem is you already can't do this. It really is a lie. Go to a gun show and try to buy a gun from a non-private seller. You'll find you need a background check. In most states, you'll also find you can't buy from a private seller either. So really, this is just Hillary fear mongering and lying.
Wanting more background checks and to limit access to assault rifles is common sense gun control. That is not "taking your guns" or "striking down the second amendment". That's changing with the times and realizing our current gun laws aren't working for majority of Americans anymore
Assault rifles are already banned.
http://www.politifact.com/wisconsin/statements/2016/jun/20/ron-johnson/aftermath-orlando-gop-sen-ron-johnson-says-assault/
That's not what assault rifle means. An assault rifle, by definition, is a rifle with select automatic fire. This page admits those are banned, but is trying to say otherwise at the same time. I call bullshit.
This is such a disingenuous way of arguing. Instead of dealing with the substance of the critique you just semantically duck out of the way by redefining terms (gun show loophole isn't real because it doesn't apply to non-private sales, an assault rifle is only a fully automatic and those are already banned). >The federal law that became defunct in 2004 was called the Federal Assault Weapons Ban, and at the time the Department of Justice defined some semiautomatic guns as assault weapons. A number of state laws still have that wording on their books. And law enforcement agencies consider certain semiautomatic weapons, including the one used by Mateen, as assault weapons — or at minimum, assault-style weapons. >Indeed, the weapons used in the mass shootings in San Bernardino, Calif., Aurora, Colo. and Newtown, Conn. -- all of which were semiautomatic -- were all described by police as assault rifles. Who cares what the proper nomenclature is -- restrict them.
> Yeah, the problem is you already can't do this So her position is to maintain the status quo?
Yes but she says it like this isn't the status quo
Did you google it before you wrote that? Or are you just going to wing it.
No I've known this for quite some time now as someone who buys guns online and at gun shows.
Uhh, here is literraly a site where you can do that. http://www.armslist.com/
> http://www.armslist.com/ It's basically like craigslist, you post an ad and meet up with the person and buy their gun if your state allows this. Businesses can't do this legally. He said "non-private seller" these are all private sellers on that site unless they're breaking the law by being a business that sells guns.
Read his last two sentences again.
What does that have to do with you being wrong about non-private sales?
> In most states, you'll also find you can't buy from a private seller either.
Uhhh that depends on which state you are in.
How do the states prevent it?
By passing their own laws requiring background checks.
How does the site differentiate that between the different states? What's the process?
The site doesn't actually handle the sale at all. It's like Craigslist. It's up to you to follow the laws and know what you need to do to legally buy a firearm.
So it's very easy to violate state law through the website
It would be equally easy to violate federal law
So you are agreeing that you can buy guns online in some states. And she wants to close that.
[deleted]
It's not even disproved. This is just weird distracting spin. Private sellers at gun shows do not need to run background checks. This guy is just like "well non-private sellers do" and is hoping you don't notice the sleight of hand.
He is also wrong. Private sales absolutely don't require background checks
Even if you were right (you aren't), then so what? You have nothing to worry about with a Clinton presidency. She wants background checks and to close a loophole you say doesn't exist. So she doesn't want to take away your guns, and absolutely nothing changes for you? Quit whining.
Thanks tis false you absolutely can buy a gun from a private seller with no bgc
So there are some states where you can buy from a private seller without a background check? Sounds like a LOOP HOLE!
went with a friend to one, no background check. sorry to burst your bubble
And were you buying from a private seller?
i didn't purchase it, my friend did. and yes.
And private sellers don't count why?
Because they are a states issue. A private seller at a gun show is not interstate commerce and thus the federal government has no right to regulate the sale.
But isn't that a technicality? Either they should require a background check, or they shouldn't. One guy selling a gun to someone and there needs to be a background check, while the guy standing next to him can sell a gun without a background check? I suppose you could argue that the federal government can't legislate mandatory background checks outside of it's jurisdiction, but it's not as if federal politicians can't suggest things to state governments. I mean, the fact of the matter is that you *can* buy a gun at a gun show without a background check.
>Under federal law, private-party sellers are not required to perform background checks on buyers, whether at a gun show or other venue. They also are not required to record the sale, or ask for identification. This requirement is in contrast to sales by gun stores and other Federal Firearms License (FFL) holders who are required to record all sales and perform background checks on almost all buyers, regardless of whether the venue is their business location or a gun show. Access to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS) is limited to FFL holders and FFLs are not issued to persons that only sell firearms at gun shows.[nb 1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gun_show_loophole
Individuals can sell or trade guns in some states. This means if I want to buy, sell or trade a gun in such a state I could do so with a friend, or someone at a show or someone I find online in a forum or sites similar to craigslist. This doesn't really have much *specifically* to do with gun shows, that's just one venue people may use to meet up. The gun shows I've been to have primarily businesses that sell guns. This "loophole" does NOT apply to businesses that choose to go to gun shows to sell guns. If someone makes a business of selling guns via this "loophole" they are breaking the law. Are there people who make an intentional profit by selling guns to other individuals? Yes, but they are criminals for doing so and should be prosecuted.
In your understanding what exactly is the line between someone making "a business of selling guns" and an individual that sells guns? Is there a particular $ figure that if you earn above you become a criminal, or is it just a state of mind? Ultimately I don't think it matters - I'm guessing most Americans believe all gun sales, private or non-private, should involve background checks. Because if you're planning on using a gun to shoot up a night club why should you be able to avoid the background check just because you bought it from an individual as opposed to a business?
>In your understanding what exactly is the line between someone making "a business of selling guns" and an individual that sells guns? Are you buying guns to resell? You're a business. Come on man, be real. You know the difference between someone who lists a TV they don't want anymore on craigslist and a guy who makes unreported income reselling on craigslist. This works the same way. >I'm guessing most Americans believe all gun sales, private or non-private, should involve background checks. Depends on the sate. Some states think weed should be legal. I don't want feds deciding state's rights don't matter. I like trading guns with friends. What about trades? What if they already have a gun, can we trade our guns? *EDIT: Also consider that most people who commit crimes with guns, get guns from illegal straw purchases from actual businesses by having someone with a clean record buy it. Some dealers also suspiciously report stolen guns. The ATF reports a tiny minority of dealers are responsible for most of the guns on the street, no idea why they're not prosecuted/investigated. Here is a perfect example from houston, where I live: http://www.click2houston.com/news/man-arrested-in-deadly-bellaire-pizza-shop-robbery >Taylor's sister, Tarrell, told KPRC 2 that she bought a gun for him at a Cash America Pawn shop and that he paid her $500. >"I needed some money and he gave me some money to get it," she said. "He just said he wanted a gun." Sister buys convict brother a gun. Typical way people get murdered across the country. Cops, pundits, etc... like to talk about private sales and stolen guns, but in reality this is exactly how most people become victims of gun crimes; Criminals with clean records buying guns for other criminals.
What percent of guns at gun shows are sold by private sellers? What is the average number of guns sold by any one private seller?
>What percent of guns at gun shows are sold by private sellers? What is the average number of guns sold by any one private seller? I don't have those stats, however nationally private sellers account for less than 10% of sales. I would urge you to think about how careful a private seller has to be. If I'm a bad guy and I get my sister to buy me a gun at Academy or another large chain, they sell guns all day long. What are the cops gonna do, show up and hear the clerk say "I dunno man I sold like 200 guns last week..."? When cops show up to a private seller's house it's bad times, no private seller wants that and most will refuse to sell to anyone remotely shady. Clerks at stores on the other hand, they don't really care, hang out at a gun store for a day and watch pairs of people come in for what is obviously a straw purchase (one guy picks out the gun, the other buys it with clean record.)
[30% of guns are acquired in private sales, and 40% did not go through a background check](https://www.thetrace.org/2015/10/private-sale-loophole-background-check-harvard-research/).
>Azrael was not ready to provide specific numbers, as the research is still being readied for formal release, and those figures will merit thorough examination once they are made public. Lol OK
Yes because because private gun sales are regulated by states because they are not interstate commerce.
That is the loophole to which people are referring. Gun stores have stricter requirements + regulations than private-party sellers.
I thought Trump was doing better...... up until the point where he started ranting about how he would refuse to accept losing, on stage, in front of a live audience and millions of television viewers. Seriously, wtf?
If you suspect the vote will be frauded, why would you pledge to accept the results when you SUSPECT they may be fraudulent? That's like TELLING THEM to cheat because they'll get away with it. Fuck that, terrible negotiation. Almost as bad as NAFTA and the Iran deal.
It's a paradoxical question, straight up propaganda. Though Trump himself should stop pushing that narrative, he doesn't need to anyways.
If you think the elections are fraudulent, why run for president? You're basically saying the entire American political system is a sham. This is the kind of accusation that gets UN peacekeepers called in to third world countries.
Before the Iran deal was finalized, Republicans predicted they would have a nuke by now and they're *still* the only ones who think it is a bad deal. Even Israeli's military thinks it was a good deal. "The deal has actually removed the most serious danger to Israel’s existence for the foreseeable future, and greatly reduced the threat over the longer term." -Gadi Eisenkot, the Israel Defense Forces’ chief of staff
I think he's already seen/know the rest of project veritas action videos and want to get the media attention to focus on rigged election by DNC.
he mentioned that near the end of the debate. you thought he was doing better until then?
I mean, by the metric of him not having as many apparent hysterical fits like he did in the first two.
You thought, "No puppet ... no puppet ... no you're the puppet ... no you're the puppet," which preceded his refusal to abide by election results, was a portrait of a man in control of himself?
their are crazy people behind the MSNBC set shouting at the top of their lungs about Hillary and Obama being evil.
msnbc & cnn are actively encouraging the circus atmosphere over serious discussion of the issues. this has been happening every time they had a similar set up.
Orangeshirts. Woman on the panel seemed shaken. Voice was trembling. Some beefy security behind them though.
Whoever thought it was a good idea to do the post-debate round table as a an exterior live shot outside the debate hall made a mistake. All that yelling is absolutely ridiculous and very annoying.
yeah, it's annoying as hell. I literally turned it off (I wanted to watch, trust me) because of how annoying it was.
Me too.
Well real fuckin glad these are over.
20 more days.
Trump had nothing in this debate. I enjoyed the final episode of his demise.
"I'll tell you at the time whether or not I'm gonna start a civil war"
Dont forget to register to vote! Today's the deadline for online registration (for most states).
They're going to rake him over the coals for not saying hell accept the results of the election
Donald Trump refuses to say he will concede. Holy cow. Chris Wallace was a very fair moderator.
I was actually pretty impressed with Chris Wallace, tbh. I like to imagine Hillary came down at the end and was like "Sorry you had to run this shit show"
I think they both did pretty good through most of it, but the thing about not accepting the result of the election, with Hillary's withering follow up about his pattern behavior about rigging, was absolutely disastrous.
"they have no education... I will do more for the African-Americans and the Latinos..." Is Trump really saying what it sounds like he's saying? WOW.
Yep. He said it.
Trump tried to dance around saying he will or will not accept the election's result, but at his next rally all you're gonna hear is "Rigged rigged rigged rigged rigged."
Well, the Dems did recently get caught illegally influencing the election. You might call it rigging, or defrauding.
lol
I feel like that "Rip them out of there" comment will dominate the news for a fair bit. Other than that I did think Clinton made some mistakes, like mentioning that the Orlando shooter was homegrown. Trump definitely lost though. He sunk back into that first debate "wrong wrong wrong" stuff. He dodged questions and gave vague answers. I feel like clinton should've hit some targets harder though. Like replying to Trumps "bad experience stuff". Mention that Trump thinks a politician just does whatever they want. Point out that Trump can't just be a dictator, and that not being able to do everything she set out to do ISN'T a negative.
How is acknowledging the home grown terrorist problem a mistake by Clinton? It clearly shows that Trump's plan of banning Muslim immigration is beyond moronic.
Trump's been hitting the "radical islamic terrorism" angle hard. Not so much recently, but still. I felt that it merely brought attention to another issue. I might be wrong, but I just felt that viewers would take away "islam bad" instead of "refugees not bad".
I definitely agree with you on Clinton making some mistakes but I do think she did a good job on calling Trump out on what he thinks politicians do without directly pointing it out.
gentlemen, that was a fucking fiasco
No it was a dismantling
CNN calling it for Hillary due to Trumps disastrous answer on accepting the will of the American people.
I mean, he could have been amazing elsewhere (he was not) and that alone would have killed him
Headline here is that Trump won't accept the results of the election
"Such a nasty woman" That line will go down in history.
Good job all. All we have to do is vote now. http://m.imgur.com/gallery/JHZG5tY
that image won't resonate till 11/9
"He was a much more disciplined Donald Trump" ...well, he didn't fall down and piss his pants, so I guess he's more disciplined.
Interrupting and lying. Trump already realized he lost this election, which is why he started mistrust in our actual Democracy. Fuck this guy, I'm so glad he ruined his reality TV career.
> mistrust in our actual Democracy. Read up on the Podesta emails and you'll know why.
Hasn't it occurred to anyone that data that has been hacked could also be *modified*?
Wikileaks doesn't just put anything out. They verify the leaker, and the info before releasing for the public.
How, exactly, do they verify emails sent by someone without consulting either the sender or the recipient?
They do consult the sender, and their company/govt.
Live look at Pence walking away from the stage and his political career there
Chris Wallace wins this debate.
"I am not a potted plant" Simply Savage.
I know there are real reasons why you can't just "surprise attack" Mosul, can someone list all the reasons why for me?
Too much civilian casualties and collateral damage, those are two.
Massive civilian casualties.
First of all, the military force that will be doing the offensive in the ground will be mostly Iraq and kurdish troops some 60 thousand ish troops, not really a well disciplined force that can keep an operation like that secret, especially in today's world. Second of all, the sheer scale of the operation, and the fact that before reaching mosul the Iraq army has to capture several small provinces along the way, any advances towards those provinces would give away the attack anyway. Also the other reason is that the Iraq military may be hoping that the isis militants inside the city do try to flee the city, the reason for this is to save as much of the city as possible from the close quarter warfare nature that an assault on the city would result. If i remember correctly, the Iraqi military dropped thousands upon thousands of pamphlets in the city already announcing the offensive, I believe that the reason for this is to tell the population that help is comming and for them to take cover when the assault begins, but also secretly hoping that the isis soldiers inside the city have some morale issue and either fight less organized or surrender peacefully (obviously the last one is very unlikely).
1: Everyone is expecting an attack on Mosul; everyone has been for a while. Mosul is the obvious stronghold of ISIS, and the Iraqis/Kurds/Westerners were going to take is as soon as they could. 2: the attack force is 100,000+ strong. Mobilizing that in secret is very hard, if not impossible. Not to mention that the Iraqi army is not the most logistically sophisticated army, and mobilizing this massive operation quick enough to catch ISIS off-guard would be an amazing feat of organization. 3: There are 1 million civilians in Mosul, and a surprise attack might endanger them. The current strategy is to push ISIS out of the city through a western corridor into Syria, and then bomb them as they run for the desert; a surprise attack might not give them a chance to escape. Pushing them into a corner might make them desperate, increase the intensity of the fighting, and therefore cause greater damage to the battered city's infrastructure, and probably kill a lot more people in the days to come.
Because ISIS has observers on the ground, would be an obvious reason. It's not as if retaking Mosul is a suprirsing move.
My best guess at one of the biggest reasons is due to the collateral damage caused. One of the big ways we try to avoid unnecessary loss of civilian life is by warning them before an offensive so we don't kill innocents while trying to take our targets. A surprise attack would entirely eliminate that hope. We wouldn't be able to warn anyone that an attack is imminent and then you have a much higher potential for civilian life loss. I may be wrong but that's what I would think is a very real reason.
It's literally impossible to mobilize that many forces without it being known. Even in WW2, the Germans knew that the D-day invasion was coming. They just didn't know the details.
Exactly. Broadcasting them wouldn't help..
I'm no war expert, but giving the innocent civilians a chance to leave the city is a very humane thing to do. We can't just surprise attack when unaware people are going about their lives.
Because moving a battalion or more of people isn't a surprise. The US conducts covert ops all the time with small surgical forces. The 1st brigade traveling from Baghdad to Mosul can not be done covertly. Beyond that, it gives civilians an opportunity to get out of the cross fire before it ever starts.
I'm not a formal expert of the middle east, but can point to the fact that there is like 1-1.5 million civilians in there and ISIS does have a history of planting ambushes and bombs.
Because Iraq had pretty much been retaking city after ISIS held city. ISIS members able to escape or who have a basic internet connection can find out their course very quickly.
Because ISIS is watching the debate too.
The most important one is because there are women and children there and we want to give them the chance to get out safely.
How do you sneak 60000 people into a hostile city?
A crap ton of innocent people die?
http://syria.liveuamap.com/ look at this map and see why the fuck its impossible to surpise 5000 militant
Because it's impossible to hide the mobilization of a hundred thousand soldiers and accompanying artillery?
The innocent civilians living there don't have time to escape, or can hide while the occupying forces of ISIL are being slaughtered.
Clinton probably made the best argument towards undecided voters. The new cycle starting tonight will be about Trump not answering directly if he will accept the results, and it will be quite damaging.
They're already talking about it.
I'll keep you in suspense? No. Fuck that jazz. He said he would in the 1st, didn't he? I'm not even trying to defend Hillary and the possibility of some antics. If you're maybe gonna pitch a fit when you loose, you're gonna fucking do it. At least he's learning to be a politician.
Holy shit. He just put the last nail in his own coffin.
He'll pound in more before the election.
Undecided voters destroying Trump on CBS
Conway: He'll accept the returns because he'll win. But what happens when he doesn't.
Madame President. I'm about ready for it.
Got a nice ring to it, doesn't it?
I missed coked-up Trump.
*sniff*
Was High AF tonight early on.
watching cnn I almost feel bad for kellyanne conway. but nah
I hope she's getting combat pay
Lol, Conway noped the fuck outta there
Schmidt: "He was the old man in the park arguing with squirrels on Mosul" Savage....
Gloria: This makes it sound like a game. So on Point!!! Potentially Disqualifying.
I can't decide if Conway is livid with Trump, in complete denial about what just happened, or halfway through her second bottle of vodka.
Why not all three?
Excellent point.
I hope they keep playing the "You're the puppet!" remark for days. That shit cracks me up ever time.
You ARE the puppit. Take that puppit mcpuppit face.
No, *you're* the puppet!
Takes one to know one.
Uhh... That's what she said?
I'm like rubber, you're like glue, whatever you say bounces off me and sticks to you.
Jeffrey Lord is trying his darndest to show that Trump can still turn this around. Bless his heart.
Did anybody flashback to Alec Baldwin when he says "Wrong!"
We know Trump saw that sketch, so I think it rubbed off on him. That is fucking crazy.
"This is a sad night for this country. You can't polish this turd." You said it Van Jones.
That alone should make some headlines. Wow.
Did Kellyanne Conway just say that if some journalists publish that Donald Trump clearly won the debate and that it was his best ever then maybe some of the people who didn't watch tonight would believe it and THAT'S the hope she holds for tightening the polls!? This poor woman is chained to a sinking ship.
"A real apprenticeship". Anyone catch that from Hillary?
my personal favorite was the snarky smile behind "chinese steel".
Trump surrogates are a disgrace to the Republic.
I used to like Kayleigh, but now im done with her. She is a complete dope.
She's trying to yell as loud as she can, as if that makes her stupid statements more relevant
Even she can't defend this garbage anymore lol
Yea I never agreed with her but I always felt she tried her best. Now she is going off the deep end.
PolitiFact lists several instances in which Trump has talked about having some sort of contact with Putin. Danielle Kurtzleben NPR Politics Reporter
"he laid in his coffin with a hammer and nails" Most accurate analysis I've heard
Yasssss, Nicole Wallace.
Lol Anderson Cooper yelling "You're making that up!" at Kayleigh McEnany
theres too many people on this panel. why is every female republican blonde anyway
not jewish
wut?
Because pretty blondes are the only real women.
Anderson Cooper just gave his "Oh geez...." face on CNN during the dead people voting/voter fraud rant.
Especially since it's mostly alive people who voted and then died shortly afterwards.
Saw that too. He looked ready to hit the 40 of Jim Beam he's got hiding under his desk.
>Saw that too. He looked ready to hit the ~~40 of Jim Beam~~ Appletini's he's got hiding under his desk.
You don't think the Silver Fox knocks back some fine whiskey?
I'm almost entirely certain that Mike Pence is just here to do the concession speech.
Anderson Cooper is right, he can't stay on message for more than 40 minutes.
Watched the debate on NBC on YouTube, then switched to CNN. CNN is cray! What's up with these Jesus signs?
Van Jones breaking out LL Cool J. Nice.
Van Jones spitting fire
I can't believe he just referenced LL Cool J. How fucking awesome. From "That's a Lie": ...I'm sick and tired of the stories that you always tell Shakespeare couldn't tell a story that well See, you're the largest liar that was ever created You and Pinocchio are brotherly related Full of criss-crossed fits, you lie all the time Your tongue should be embarrassed, you're a treath to mankind That's a lie.... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-2oDpUYUlc
Like always.
Anderson reduced to "Oh come on now"
I wish one of the three debate was moderated by Samuel L. Jackson.
Oh, even better, for each 30 minute segment, he goes into another character. Snakes on a Plane guy, then Shaft sidekick guy, and finally Travolta sidekick in the cult Tarantino film guy.
"Both of you shut the fuck up!"
Trump: [Lies] Jackson: Shut the fuck up you lyin' mother fucker.
Trump: Wrong! Jackson: You wanna say that to my face, mother fucker!
Motherfucka', say "wrong" one more time!
I sick and tired of this motherfucking Orange man on this motherfucking stage!
"I don't remember asking you a *goddamn* thing."
Ayy my ballot came in the mail
Thank you in advance for MAGA.
Is it too late to vote for Deez Nutz?
No. It isn't!
Van Jones speaking the truth
When I first read about the guy, Van Jones' past history was a big turn off because he kind of seemed extremist, but he consistently says the most reasonable things on these CNN panels (after Axelrod, of course).
I think literally anyone would seem rational next to Kayleigh and Jeffrety
I'm sorry about this CNN panel. Pink dress is in an entirely different world.
She has been for months. It's so cringeworthy.
god, almost forgot about the "hombres" comment....geezes what a POS.
I'm hispanic and dude you need to chill out. Don't get offended by Trump using a spanish word, what the heck is wrong with you.
People are just searching for any and all reason to pretend to be offended by Trump.
Megyn Kelly on FOX just broke out a video package to savagely shut down Trump spokesman. She's going for the fatality.
Get wrecked Keyleigh. Get out of here with your crap.
I think the CNN post-debate panel may turn into a fist fight at this rate.
I have been hoping for that for 3 debates now.
You've crossed the line Jeffrey....
Omfg. Jeffrey Lord "bad hombres is not the same as the n word." Wttttffffff
It's not though.
Saying the most racist thing possible isn't a competition fit for a president. Understanding the diverse population of the American people and accurately representing their views and concerns is.
Hey, at least Donald didn't say the N word, right? What a great guy!
Jeffrey Lord using the "locker room talk" argument for the bad hombres comment.
"GUYS ITS OK! I HEAR IT ALL THE TIME ON 1950s WESTERNS!" what the actual fuck.
What's wrong with defining what is acceptable in society by going back 60 years and accessing dialogue in movies?
[deleted]
I don't know if the media will get it, but you're right. That was the most offensive moment in a big way. Really close tie with overturning roe, and crowing about guns in a country losing almost 100 folks a day. Most of us have been affected by gun violence.
That was his big blunder of the night and now instead of talking about how well he did, all we'll talk about is how he won't accept the results.
Van Jones deserves a raise.
Two white people on CNN telling Hispanic when to be offended
And Van Jones calling them on it
I don't know what they're screaming in the crowd on CNN, but Van Jones was about to lose it laughing at them.
What the fuck is going on behind them.
Those people don't look like college students like they did at WashU.
jesus is rising!!
Conway looks like she has aged 20 years since working for trump. Gotta be hard trying to defend that buffoon
Staying up all night and doing coke for weeks straight takes its toll on anyone.
Sen. Lindsey Graham: "If he loses, it means he failed."
Why is MSNBC giving Trump surrogates so much time? Comedic relief?
Really telling how frantically they pivot away from the line about not accepting the election. They don't want to touch it.
"He's only 6 points down" hahahahah
Kayleigh Mcenany: Trump "only behind 6 points"
I think we may be undergoing a new re-alignment. If Trumpism continues, the parties will be defined by those who believe in the pursuit of (oft imperfect) democracy versus those who want ethno-nationalist authoritarianism.
Can anyone give me a field report from Msnbc and Fox, Cnn is gold and I can't stop watching
I guess Megyn Kelley went house on Trump. I've been glued to CNN too.
23 days ago Trump didnt fuck himself sideways in the first debate.
There's a post-debate debate on CNN. wtf
Every debate and it's intense!!
Sucks that when Hillary wins, we can't celebrate because someone is going to shoot up a "*rigged*" pulling station. And of course Trump will not take responsibility.
Fuck that. I'm popping twice as many bottles as I did when my man Barry won. I'm honking my horn and doing the Harlem Shake in my front yard. My country and democracy stands and stands on reason. Ain't nobody taking that from me.
Lord has such a punchable face.
watching CNN after the debates, it is hysterical that the trump supporters are criticizing the same media that has [provided trump with over $2 billion](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/16/upshot/measuring-donald-trumps-mammoth-advantage-in-free-media.html) of free media this election cycle.
I wonder if the Trump supporters are ever going to man up and stop crying
Myra hates bridges. People swim on the bridges.
Yeah sure she came in neutral.
Shockingly she thinks Trump won
Anyone have a picture of Kayleigh's dominatrix outfit I keep hearing about it but not near a TV.
Her boobs are made of concrete
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2f8KEJinwAI
Her outfit reminds me of a quote from Good Omens: ...Madame Tracy would have been available for strict discipline and intimate massage every evening except Thursdays. There was yet another ad in a phone box somewhere. When, much later Newt asked her what this one involved, she said "Thursdays."
*Chris swirls the amber liquid in the lowball glass. He tosses it back and is comforted by the burn. He finds the bottle and empties the contents into the glass, disappointed it only fills up to two fingers. He sighs and exclaims:* What the fuck was that!
This Media Bias talking point is getting old quick. Every time I tune in, the only bias I see is a Trump surrogate saying something idiotic.
Lack of coverage is still bias. Nice try.
next time you hear someone complaining about someone playing the 'race card' or the 'woman card', tell them to stop playing the 'media bias' card
That's all it's ever been that sunk Trump's campaign. His own damn quotes. "Media is biased, all they do is show this Trump guy saying stupid shit."
I was listening to Lou Dobbs talk on Fox XM radio the other day (against my will mind you) and he was complaining about the MSM conspiracy against Trump. Because apparently a news company that has television, radio, website, and print outlets which reach tens of millions of people every day is not the MSM.
Corey Lewandowski was the kid who took someone's lunch money and cried when the teacher caught him
I hope I never hear that voice again...
[deleted]
I've been calling her Trump Barbie tonight?
Yep
Jeff Lorde is a paid troll, he is harmless. Corey is in a league of his own with regards to being deplorable.
We're going to need a bigger basket
CNN getting rid of Kayleigh but bringing in Lenadowski is like curing your chlymedia by contracting herpes.
Lewandowski never shuts the fuck up
Like a lot of Trump surrogates he seems to think speaking the loudest/the most = winning a debate/argument.
Okay now the crowd was chanting "We love Corey" What the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
Fucking nuts.
Why wouldn't they? He's the sole reason why Trump is in the position he is now.
I mean things aren't looking too hot for Trump currently.
I just turned on CNN, did Anderson Cooper just tell Lewandowski "that's some bull"
Anderson did. He's wonderful.
Eric Trump to Sean Hannity: "The media is wrong."
I don't even want Eric Trump to be allowed to *tour* the fucking White House.
I'm glad someone finally called Hannity
A lot of people in this thread are likely gonna wake up with a nasty hangover
I did
Wow, Trump just doubled down on not accepting the results of the election in his Ohio Rally. Something like "I WILL accept the results... IF I WIN!" *smugly smirks*
[deleted]
Same.
I'm legitimately excited to support Trump
You are now the second person I've heard say this...in 9 months.
She really impressed tonight.
Me too!
That sounds like one of those phrases you use to activate a sleeper agent.
Trump got wrecked. Just slaughtered. This was worse than Debate 1.
Donald Trump just fucking said he will not guarantee to accept the results of the election. Is this America or the Weimar Republic?
To Trump? Weimar.
Wow, What a disgrace Trump is. I don't know how anyone could be ignorant enough to vote for him.
Remember when Hillary Clinton was going to be afraid of these debates... pepperidge farm remembers.
She has nothing to fear when it's all bought and paid for.
I thought she was going to be so sickly she couldn't even go!
Months ago "Trump is gonna destroy her! All her lies! Bill Clinton! Iraq war! Everything trump will be merciless and crush her in the debates!"
I seriously doubt she fears anything. I'm not a fan at all but the woman has two sets of balls and both are made of steel. It was silly to think that there was anything Donald could say or do that would rattle her.
So are we just going to ignore that Trump at one point calmed Obama's presidency a regime? He really thinks being the president is a dictatorship....
Well technically it is a regime. Now it is an attempt to use a word to make it sound scary but it is a regime in the same way that if Trump was elected it would be the Trump regime.
It would be interesting to know how it gained its current usage as a noun confined to certain phrases, but your latin checks out.
regime: a government, especially an authoritarian one. A president doesn't have a regime, they have an administration. Regime is absolutely not the correct word in this scenario, and shows how he thinks about presidential power.
It was a Freudian slip, because that's what he calls his own presidency.
He always says so much awful shit in these debates that it takes days for even like 50% of it to get adequately covered.
I was beginning to think I was the only one who caught that! I tweeted that it was a Freudian slip and he has an authoritarian complex lmao.
Did you see the Frontline episode about them? This is the shit his supporters believe. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zzSvzTTBALg
And he thinks that Clinton could do everything she wanted as a single Senator. The guys knows nothing. He's been a CEO for a long time which is basically autocracy, what can you expect.
The Revolution of 1800, when John Adams and the Federalist party peacefully passed power over to Thomas Jefferson and the Democratic Republicans was arguably the most important event in our early history, along with abandoning the Articles of Confederation for the Constitution. Anyone who fails to grasp this as a candidate or even a citizen, fails to understand one of the key elements of this nation's strength.
The comparison of that to Trump saying he won't accept voter fraud is something you fail to understand, and is one of the key elements to this nations democratic strength.
Do you have non doctored tape of this voter fraud?
What voter fraud? There is no voter fraud. There is no elections fraud.
Then explain this. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDc8PVCvfKs
You referring to the heavily edited video from the chronically debunked scam artist who had to pay one of his last targets $100,000 and plead guilty to breaking into the office of a senator with the intention of bugging her phone? Because that's certainly no proof there, unless O'Keefe wants to release the unedited footage.
Yep the whole video is a complete scam, that's why the people involved were fired immidetely after the release. I'm sure the fact that the Wikileaks on the matter match up perfectly with everything in the video is just a coincidence as well.
You realise that the person he was ordered to pay $100,000 in restitution to was in the exact same situation? That it's easier and more practical for a company to fire a publicly controversial employee instead of retaining them and hoping that they didn't actually do it? That there's really no benefit in retaining said employee whether the accusations prove true or not? And where are these mysterious Wikileaks proving voter fraud? Got a link?
Honestly, you blame editing for this? In what possible context could these words spoken mean something less damning? They speak in specific terms of how to commit fraud this election season, while stating the Clinton campaign is "all in" with them. On the issue you mentioned, he is not talking about dealing with states. He explicitly describes how they start shell companies to purchase cars so that voters are able to go vote in other states that they are needed. That's not legal. Also, never said that Wikileaks explicitly proved voter fraud. I said that they are consistent with everything in the video. They do prove beyond the shadow of a doubt the truth of the first Project Veritas video (on intentionally causing violence at Trump rallies), and that the DNC and Clinton work directly with these groups. The direct quotes from the people themselves, who work directly with the DNC, and damning enough to indicate voter fraud. Here's your damn links. Bob Creamer: "We have a call with the campaign every day Zuelma Rodriguez: "I just had a call with the campaign and the DNC. Everyday at one o'clock". https://youtu.be/5IuJGHuIkzY?t=651 Bob Creamer, in a email, planning a one o'clock call (on placing people at a Trump rally) with Luis Miranda, DNC Communication director: https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/12012 Robert (Bob) Creamer has visited the White House 340 times, along with multiple visits by Scott Foval, Cesar Vargus, and Aaron Minter; all featured on video speaking directly about election fraud: https://www.whitehouse.gov/briefing-room/disclosures/visitor-records Moveon.org (owned by George Soros, major Clinton financial supporter) stating they have members "bird dogging" Republicans all over the country: https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/2175#efmAAGAAi Proof of Zuelma Rodriguez, featured in video stating she was responsible for starting the riots in Chicago and the blockage of a highway in Arizona, being paid by both MoveOn and the Clinton campaign via FEC spreadsheets:https://beta.fec.gov/data/disbursements/?two_year_transaction_period=2016&recipient_name=ZULEMA+RODRIGUEZ&min_date=01%2F01%2F2015&max_date=12%2F31%2F2016 Zuelma Rodriguez on tape at the Arizona highway blockage: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uMzYaO2syE More Wikileaks proof of collusion between the Clinton campaign and these organizations: https://twitter.com/WDFx2EU7/status/788735398792957956/video/1 Just for fun, a Stanford study concluding that "election fraud is occurring in the 2016 Democratic Presidential Primaries": https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B6mLpCEIGEYGYl9RZWFRcmpsZk0/view?pref=2&pli=1 It is proven, with physical evidence, that these people work directly with Clinton, the DNC, and the White House. It is proven, with physical evidence, that they intentionally cause violence at Trump rallies. On video, they speak in great detail about plans for voter fraud. Trump is caught on tape speaking very directly in a crude manner about women, and he is crucified immediately. Yet people working directly with the Clinton campaign are caught on tape speaking very directly about committing election fraud, a much much much more serious issue, and you won't even call a spade a spade.
Show me once where they say they take people across state lines to vote? Show me a source for any of this. This is a completely inane, irrelevant wall of text, and you still haven't been willing to link to this hack job of a video you defend so adamantly.
I've already linked to twice it in this thread but sure. https://youtu.be/hDc8PVCvfKs?t=377 "If the car has a Wisconsin license plate and it's owned by a third entity then it's much harder to prove that these people drove in from out of state" https://youtu.be/hDc8PVCvfKs?t=501 "Honestly the ripest enviorment to do it in? Two within striking distance, Michigan and Indiana. https://youtu.be/hDc8PVCvfKs?t=230 Entire section on crossing state lines. There's once, and another source. You say "show me a source" and I provided many extremely reputable ones (Wikileaks, FEC, The White House). You said it was "debunked" and had "no proof", and I provided plenty of physical proof. You asked where the Wikileaks were connecting them, and I provided them. Do you honestly believe that there's nothing to this? How could those words be anything but damning? A statement such as "I totally get it, this is illegal, this is something that I can get done" when discussing committing voter fraud is not an editing gimmick, it's obvious intent.
The video by the guy who manipulates all of his videos and gets in legal trouble every time because he's a scumbag? Bet you still believe the PP video too.
How can you manipulate quotes such as "I don't care what the legal and ethics people say, we need to win this motherfucker" and "We've been bussing people in to deal with you fucking assholes for 50 years and we're not going to stop now"? These are people directly associated with the Clinton campaign. They state in the video that the Clinton campaign pays them for this and knows what goes on. Please explain how this video could be manipulated in any way. If this is a manipulated video, why have two of the people involved in it, Scott Foval and Bob Cramer, been fired already?
You realise republicans bus people to polls too, right? Legal voters. He's referring to dealing with states making it so hard for elderly, poor, rural and disabled voters to find polling places that they have to organize voting shuttles so otherwise disenfranchised voters get their voice.
The Democratic Party has had its fair share of voter fraud. JFK is a good example when he won Illinois.
Christ on a crutch, Clinton was savage tonight. It's all but over now, his campaign went down in flames.
It died like it lived. Completely incoherant and sexist as hell.
If trumpets and trump keep talking about how good he's at business i will smack him. Even freaking paris hilton grew her inheritance 5 times the rate and 3 times faster than trump. Paris hilton is a better businesswoman than trump.
[deleted]
She was famous before that through her father. The sextape definitely put her in media spotlight, but honestly, so what? Not everyone can pull that off and it worked. The American public ate that shit up.
I'm not sure if most people realize this but Kim Kardashian was Hilton's assistant for years and got the idea of the sex tape from Paris. Now look how much money and fame the entire Kardashian family has just from building off a sex tape and having a couple c list celebrities in their family.
and also, the millions of fans, the reality show, the clothing line, the hotels, the golf courses.... wait.... paris hilton = donald trump? how come we've never seen a picture of them together? coincidence? I think not. somebody call alex jones, he needs to get on this.
So she is a great deal maker?
Use what you got. If you're dumb enough to let your dick make your decisions, you deserve whatever you get.
She was also a much more popular reality tv star.
Maybe *she* should have gotten the Emmy!
"I have a very nice hotel around here" "Yeah made with Chinese steel" HILARY THE CHAMPION
The only reason he built it with Chinese steel is, apparently, because she personally did not implement laws to stop him from doing it.
What a useless dictator, didn't pass laws against it, now wants to be president? For shame.
Savagery
That was a crushing riposte, Hilary killed Donald with that one quick line.
That was a serious burn. Im talking hot enough to melt Chinese steel beams.
So cheap even jet fuel could melt it.
Very good moderation and a really on point debate. Thanks!
Very pleasantly surprised.
Chris Wallace was good. Clinton did ok. Trump got destroyed. None of it matters because Trump said he won't accept the election results. That's all anyone will talk about.
I think Clinton did a good job of prosecuting a case against Donald. He needed to do that against Clinton
hahaha he wouldn't agree to the peaceful transfer of power if he loses try and defend that trumptards!
Hats off to Chris Wallace from Fox News, hate the channel but that man just set the gold standard for debate moderation. Credit where credit is due.
Gold standard would be Jim Lehrer no? I admit though Wallace was as objective as he could be and a lot less biased than I thought he would be I mean a lot lot less..
My takeaway. Donald is super clueless on most issues. Sweaty lip. Refuses to accept election result. Swatches. Hello Madame President.
Anyone else ecstatic for Trump to spiral back down into irrelevance?
Except that he will still have more money than you. Like I wish that was true. But objectively.
He won't though. He's already allowed this stupidity to have a voice.
As far as I'm concerned, the fact that Trump stated he might not accept the result of the election was devastating for this debate. Hillary capitalised on that, and got under his skin. Clinton was strong, she was prepared, and pretty much slammed Trump when she needed to. Definitely the winner in my eyes.
Burned him with Bernie Owned him again with the immigrants paying more taxes than him
The "what a nasty woman" comment was bad. That's going to stand out to alot of people.
And since it happened near the end it will be remembered. Such a dumb move on his part.
i think the biggest story will be his unwillingness to say whether hell accept the results or not
Both comments hurt him with different demographics. The nasty woman, specifically with college educated women. The refusal to accept the results, pretty much everyone that believes in the American form of democracy.
agreed
Kayleigh, when even Kellyanne Conway looks like that after the debate... its time to stop pretending he had a great night.
Conway peaced out just as fast as possible.
I actually pity Kellyanne now.. she looked so defeated there, I wonder if this is what it feels like to fall out of Stockholm Syndrome.
I missed her.
Jesus, no handshake at the end although you could clearly see Clinton waiting for Turmp to come down. He knows he was beaten and was beaten badly.
Trump has too much ego to think he was beaten.
>He knows he was beaten and beaten badly. I think you meant to say "bigly".
He didn't just lie about the lies that he lied about, he lied about lying about the lies that he lied about too!
Lie-ception.
I'm pretty sure Kayleigh and Van Jones hate fuck each other after each of these panels. It must be great.
They are hilarious and overly passionate about the political system. Neither of them are a good representation of either party.
They're totally doin' it after. Angry, angry sex.
I've got a feeling this "Nasty Woman" is gonna win
Trump is terrible but please don't act like we're going to end up with a great president.
Madam president is going to be awesome.
As a former Bernie voter I accepted Hillary with a lot of apathy and side eye. However, after seeing her in these debates I've grown to admire her practicality, very think skin and focus. She may actually be a good President and bet she can get "nasty" with those lazy sluggards in Congress and walk off without blinking. She may be the President we need to get their butts working. Give me a "nasty" get it done President any day over a thin skinned whiny cry baby that always plays the victim and can't keep his cool. That "nasty" woman is getting my vote.
The GOP will still have both houses. She'll get nothing done. And when these scandals keep rolling out, there won't be a Trump to point to and be scared of. You really think she's just going to start obeying the rules now? You could legitimately be look at a Ryan presidency in 2020.
We'll see because she a bulldog and tenacious. Can't see Hillary just letting it go and accepting that fate.
I wonder how Pence feels giving up his governorship for a royal fucking in November....
He was on his way out of Indiana.
He wasn't going to be re elected anyhow
If I must say anything about this debate...get out to vote people. For the love of whatever deity, philosopher, or scientist you follow...Vote. Get everyone around you to vote. This man cannot be allowed in the White House.
I don't really give a shit if Trump concedes or not. Scoreboard, motherfucker, it's gonna be about 350 electoral votes to about 180. It's still going to be a peaceful transition of power, from Obama to Clinton. After election day, Trump is going to have his hands full with Trump University and the rape trial. Lord willing, one or the other puts him in an orange jumpsuit to match his hair.
It's not just about Trump accepting it. It's the doubt in the democratic process him not accepting starts
I just don't think there are THAT many people who doubt the democratic process in the U.S. Some fringe Republicans will be angry and there may be some violence, but I sure hope not. It's definitely irresponsible, and should disqualify him for the presidency, but it's not the end of the country.
Yeah I hear you. I'm just thinking about how hyped up his "will he or won't he" concession moment, and how sick I am of the sound of his voice, but unfortunately I'll be glued to the TV because I just can't help it I guess.
Yeah I totally understand!
4 more years of Obama? Sounds good to me!
Can't Trump have a nice closing statement talking about HIS policies instead of dragging Clinton again??
What policies?
Exactly. And he has the gall to interrupt Clinton and say 'we have all heard this before.'
What policies? Does he ever answer any question in a coherent manner? Also - was there ever a question where he did not interrupt except for the last question? Shows how great of a listener he is.
Exactly. I hate him but it would have been nice to hear at least once what his concrete plans are, and compare them against Clinton's. Oh well, looks like he lost again.
Thoughts on why Trump bailed after debate and did no interviews?
Coke's short half-life? Eh no really, it's probably just the media conspiracy and being put on the spot after controversial statements. He would see them as going after him on various things, and he wants to control the conversation. He can do that from a stage, but can't with a mic in front of him. He only does friendly interviews it seems.
He's looking for a safe space.
Wrong. He can't even do that from a stage.
Yeah you got me. Staying on topic is not his thing.
> \*leans into microphone\* *"Wrong!"* > He can't even do that from a stage. FTFY
Because there is only one question he's going to get and he doesn't want to get that question.
I immediately realized the truth behind your statement, and then I laughed and laughed. But to be fair I think that 'one' question could in reality be at least a couple he ain't looking to answer tonight...
TIL people think Donald TRUMP had an amazing debate. Was there another debate that I missed?
Check out their profiles. Mostly people that comment in t_d that will say that
I just don't know what drugs they're on.
Russian bots are not people.
Trumpers for ya
The only preople who think he did well are the people who were on his side to begin with.
I find the contradiction Trump presents quite interesting. Hillary is smart enough to gut American manufacturing, control all of the media, destroy the military, and flood the country with (democrat voting) illegals. Yet, at the same time, she's been outsmarted by literally every world leader and politician.
It's when the nasty woman lets her spite and bile get in the way of reason, which is a lot of the time according to her campaign manager and anyone who has ever known her.
Simply put, I guess he argues she does what her donors want. And the evil boogeyman George Soros wants a weak America or some shit like that. Honestly though I think nobody is voting for a candidate only against the other.
Please explain how she has been "outsmarted by literally every world leader and politician".
She hasn't, that's my point. It's standard conspiracy thinking. One entity is simultaneously all powerful, but also hilariously easy to "take down".
Oh ok. I misunderstood your point; thought you were saying the contradiction was valid. Thanks for clarifying.
US Society < Hillary < Other World Leaders. Where's the contradiction? (Disclaimer, I hate Trump)
That's a hell of a way to get Americans to vote for you. *You are dumber than Hillary, who is dumber than Putin*
And don't forget that despite all that, she's accomplished nothing within the last 30 years.
How dare she not single handedly change US policy while in the Senate or State Dpt
Yeah Obama has deported millions but wants to flood the country with immigration
It's straight out of the GOP Playbook from the past 8 years. Remember how Obama is a limp-wristed weakling putting America on its knees to willingly fellate our enemies yet also a warmongering tyrannical despot?
**TAKEAWAY HEADLINES** * Trump refused to accept the election results. * Trump's totally unwarranted "nasty woman" line. * Trump clearly lost and failed to get a win in any of the three debates. * Trump looked particularly agitated, sweaty, and distressed. * By the end he was literally shouting while she remained calm. * Hillary's abortion and sex assault answers. * Hillary's "you're Putin's puppet" line. * Hillary Clinton is obviously going to be president.
Was it contraversal? I took it as late term abortions are mostly health related and tough decision.
It was particularly strong. On Russia, reproductive rights, and sex assault, I think she gave the best debate performance of her career. If they get significant media play, it'll be very good for her.
>* Hillary Clinton is obviously going to be president. Don't get complacent. VOTE.
You forgot "Let me try to translate that" "You can't"
Donald Trump is nothing more than a crazy old conspiracy nut. His answer about the "rigged" election convinced me. Money is all he has, there is no skill there. If he didn't have any money it's not like he would be using his "expertise" to streamline the queue at the soup kitchen. He'd be living under a bridge wearing a tinfoil jumpsuit yelling about possessed world leaders.
THANK YOU! I have been saying that for ages. I've never heard of trump doing any actual work. It's just his lawyers making the deals and he plays golf with the clients like some sort of treat. What actual skills does he have?
"Only down 6 points" This isn't a basketball game sweetheart. You don't suddenly tie it up from hitting two 3-point baskets (of deplorables)
Yeah. And it's like Axelrod said. Facts show no one in modern history has ever come back from this type of deficit to win.
Unless baskets are a measure of 10 or more million
Trump is like some dumb teenager who thinks he’s cool because he has a set of nunchucks. Usually, he goes around threatening everyone with his nunchucks. People dislike him. People avoid him, not necessarily because they’re afraid of him, but just because he’s so thoroughly obnoxious, and, yes, maybe a little dangerous when he takes himself too seriously. And then one day, he spazzes out with his nanchaku, and in the middle of a demonstration he thinks is super cool, but all other onlookers see as pathetic, and he accidentally knocks out both of his front teeth.
No, he's like a Rush Limbaugh listserv reader in 1995
This actually happened to you, didn't it?
Naw...it was my friend...umm...Chris. Yeah, my friend Chris.
that's a weirdly specific scenario to make an analogy to
oddly enough, reading that I pictured a younger trump actually knocking his front teeth out with nanchaku ...
I pictured John du Pont, for some reason. Inherited his money, doesn't really know what to do with it so he builds himself an empty empire, everyone puts up with his craziness because 'hey, free money' until it overwhelms him and he murders his closest friend. I just watched Team Foxcatcher the other day, so maybe this doesn't really fit as well as it seems to me.
Just something that might have happened to someone I know...
Also, the nunchucks are gold-plated and the best and tremendous
Chris Wallace was the best moderator by far. Excellent choice.
Well, that's the end of three rounds of televised mud-slinging, now we must make a choice. Pantsuit email lady or racist-drunk Floridian uncle?
At first I wanted to give you shit for condemning Florida like that but my drunk racist uncle says the same conspiracy laden bullshit he says. However he is from Jersey originally (doesn't make it better I guess)
I'm not a fan of her, but god dammit am I gonna vote Clinton.
There is no other sane choice.
Never has there been a bigger contrast in experience than when Hillary and Donald talked about their plans for the middle east. Hillary did a good job of making Donald sound like he had no idea what he was talking about.
Like the Kurds give a flying fuck Hillary is running for President.
Because he has no idea what he's talking about. Won't shut up about 'sneak attacks'.
Comedy Checklist: Check off your boxes: -Nasty woman -Bigly -These allegations are false -I didn't even apologize to my wife! -I will not accept these results, I'll keep you in suspense
you forgot "you're the puppet, no you're the puppet"
-No one has more respect for women than me
My wife, who cannot vote because she is Scottish, watched this with me. She just called him a "wankstain".
As another Scot, she was being polite.
My like is from her. She agrees.
Trump fled, Clinton continues to schmooze and give high fives.
So many high-fives.
'trump just said something that completely contradicted your campaign's statements" "no he didn't" "um he did" "he's going to win so it doesn't matter" "lol wut?" *dips out
I'm thinking Trump ignored everything his campaign told him to do in the debate.
To anyone who was undecided until tonight, please take a look at the off the cuff closing remarks. Clinton pushed her message and gave plans and ideas (that some of you may not agree with), to try and move us forward. All trump did was attack his opponent and ideas. We need to move back towards a government of cooperation and compromise. Trump is not that candidate.
> We need to move back towards a government of cooperation and compromise. I think that is problem of the current 2 party system. The dems would be just as obstructionist as the Rs if they were in the minority. Not sure what the solution would be to this though.
Getting rid of gerrymandering is the first step. I'll admit I don't know what the second step is because districts will grow and shrink for years so not be able to change them ever again is a bad idea. But the people who control the senate/house should be able to make it easier for them to stay in power.
Goddamn, how do you go from >No one has more respect for women than me to *interrupting* your opponent to say >Such a nasty woman ???
Well she is nasty regardless of her gender
That may be, but you don't say that at a presidential debate, dear God, civility and good temperament should not be a pleasant surprise, they should be expected.
How do you think he got this far?
At the point where she alleged he only pays social security because he hasn't found a loophole to get out of it
Yeah. And...? See the real problem though is that it's a dumb thing to say *during* the debate. She got under his skin and he once again demonstrated that he can't maintain his composure. How's that going to work when he's negotiating deals with foreign powers? The blueprint for how to throw him off his game is now recorded for all of history. He screwed himself, again. What a fucking loser.
60 minutes.
That was Clinton's strongest debate.
Things I look forward to after this election: probably never having to hear Kayleigh McEnany ever again.
She's such a bitch
The constitution WAS meant to be a living document... hence the obvious vagueness
the sharia constitutionalists would disagree
not just that, every time he mentions Hillary not fixing the Tax Code, she should have reminded him that she is a senator. In the constitution, all revenue bills must start in the house
And the Amendments.
[One of the Trump sons just told Fox News that being president will be "a step down" for his father.](https://twitter.com/igorvolsky/status/788942042260869121)
Trump is now on the level of Lex Luthor in Justice League Unlimited. Except he's got a lower approval rating than Luthor.
patriots
Man, those kids had us fooled for a while. I'm going with SNL's "Children of the Corn" characterization from now on.
lmao
Building spin for his exit into irrelevance
I can't wait... if I never have to hear about Trump again, it will be too soon.
> No puppet no puppet... no you're the puppet https://youtu.be/84cJdY8wkV8?t=31m5s
https://i.imgflip.com/1cnkoc.jpg
my favorite part of the night
worst come back ever. you never just throw back the same slur or insult that was just thrown on you. This is something kids learn in the playgrounds. `
It was kind of nice to see Clinton come off more like a human being tonight and not so robotic. Her punchlines were on target and delivered smoothly, "I mean who even does that?" I loled.
I would have loved if she dropped a "I literally can't even..."
"He went to see the president of Mexico. He didnt raise the issue [of wall]. He choked". My sides went into orbit.
CNN undecided voters: 5 decided for Hillary, **10** for Trump and 6 still undecided. What debate were they watching?
Trump campaign tomorrow: we are winning this election by 2:1 margin...
I asked the same question. There were no Hispanic people. Literally none and this is Nevada and in that Las Vegas we are speaking about. You cant walk 10 m in any drection without coming across an Hispanic. Maybe they are just decided for Clinton lol
At this point how could you not be?
If you consider where the undecideds are coming from, this isn't surprising. Peeling 25-50% of republicans who don't like Trump is a huge loss for him.
They just want to be the next Ken Bone
Trump supporters through and through
What the fuck?
When someone is talking about rivers full of illegals, they aren't neutral or undecided. Talking about you Myra!
From the answers I saw most were the type to lean trump to start.
The same focus group was 11 Clinton, 9 Trump when they asked them 45 minutes ago. WTF?
That was for who won the debate.
The whole point of the debate was to help a lot of people decide..if they were indeed undecided they would have chosen the winner of the debate..what a load of hogwash..
I wouldn't worry about it too much, it's just one focus group.
I think that question was who won the debate, but if this debate changed an undecideds mind on who to vote for and its not Clinton then I dont really know if they were any true undecideds.
Were they picked by Faux News?
Seriously how fucking stupid do you have to be to be undecided?
They weren't truly undecided. All attention whores.
Did you see the guy on the left side constantly shifting in his chair? When the woman conducting the panel turned to talk to the camera she blocked him from view of the camera. He stuck his head out to the left so the camera could see him again. When she shifted and blocked his head he shifted again to the right. He did this a few times. It was amusing and you are correct, they are just seeking attention.
We accept the results of an election or we are not a democracy. Trump seems unaware of this basic principle.
He wants to become a dictator.
Then he should say that rather than saying he's undecided as to whether or not he's going to accept the results of the election. He may have misspoken but until he makes that clarification or correction, he's on record as having made the most profoundly un-American statement by a candidate from a major party for President in recent history.
"it was a joke... he likes to have fun"
"I was being sarcastic"
And he treated it like a TV show..."I'll keep you in suspense. " This is real life, not a soap opera.
I would just say history. You can go back to the civil war and not see anything so jarring.
When I hear Clinton talk, I hear a politician talk about issues and offering her solutions. When I hear Trump talk, I hear a 5th grader trying to bullshit me.
>such a nasty woman Welcome to the next three weeks of ads against you Donald.
http://www.newyorker.com/cartoons/daily-cartoon-101916-mortal-kombat Hillary: "OK"
Congratulations, Madam President.
I love this season of Wrestlemania.
The Republican nominee for president told the American people that he may not accept the results of the election.
And that he has no respect for the judicial system. And that he doesn't believe in our military and civilian intelligence agencies. And that he supports Russian interests in Syria.
Trump did not even say why we should elect him as president. His claims are so unfounded. He is so delusional. Why do people want him as President?
He doesn't really answer most questions. I'll admit i'm impressed how many questions he was asked where ISIS somehow made it into the answer.
I can see where he is coming from with not announcing we are going to attack, but his claims are unfounded and have no proof. All his ideas, that by the way have been debunked, have no merit or proof. People just belive he is successful because he is rich. But he is seriously out of touch with world politics and thinks he can take advantage of other countries like he did with the contractors that worked for him. Please let us get free college and focus on new clean energy products and technological advances. That will actually help bring us out of the idiocracy spin we are in! Ps. Had to get that donald trump by the way in lol
Trump supporters are one or more of the following: * Outright bigots * Myopic single-issue voters * Brash idiots who peaked in high school * Blindly loyal to the GOP * Hillary haters I wouldn't be surprised if half his poll numbers are people actually voting against her. Which I completely understand, except in doing so they're voting for *Donald Trump*. Many people hate Brussels sprouts, but if your lunch options are that or medical waste... you eat the damn vegetables.
So sad that we have that many people in this country that fall under those categories.
I'm convinced at this point that his supporters think grandiose statements and being boisterous = knowing what you're talking about. Obviously his business history should prove otherwise, but there you go.
Yeah the whole "hes not a politician, he can bring change" LOL I mean seriously, people don't understand how it works.
>people don't understand how it works It's especially obvious with Trump, as he apparently assumes that as a single senator, she had the unique ability to declare US law, or that as Secretary of State, she had the authority to command US military forces.
Haha, yeah, she could have done it solo! As a senator!
His "winning temperament" defaulted to using his final minute to bash Hillary.
What frightens me is that too many people are "eating it up." If we had free college and people were encouraged to learn, the GOP would be fucked.
I 100% agree. He can say these things and his base (and honestly, even some people who just hate Hillary) buy into it without any critical thought. "Hillary was in government, the government has done some bad things/not fixed *every single issue* in the last 30 years, therefore Hillary wasn't doing her job!" Fucking infuriating.
No post debate handshake.
That would presume they have any respect for each other
Clinton walked to the middle of the stage, but Trump was still standing behind his podium so she pivoted to Wallace
Clinton was on point. I doubt anything Trump said is going to appeal to undecided voters, but I cannot deny that I'm biased.
How could anyone be undecided still though? Either you need your candidate to be qualified or you're riding the Trump Train.
Trump on foreign policy: I just learned this new word! Let me say it a bunch so that everyone knows I know it!
Was that word "Mosul"?
I can't believe he called her "such a nasty woman"
I was actually expecting more crazy from Trump.. However he has really tamed himself in comparison.
Has there ever been such bad blood between two presidential candidates? I'm sure there was in the 19th century when men had drunken pistol duels to settle arguments but I've never seen anything like this.
It's as if he can't remember anything he's ever tweeted.
I think I just saw Vince Neil and Ted Danson
I think we're sitting in the same Denny's!
Moon over my hammy FTW!
I thought it was Vince Neil too!
We accepted the results in 2000 Donnie.
Trump looked furious getting off the stage
Anybody else think they were going to do something cool again when Wallace said they wanted to "end this on a positive note?" Just closing statements...
That was his key word - positive. He just basically said "say something positive about why people should vote for you." Trump doesn't listen to the request, where Hillary did.
Best moderator all election season.
Far and away. I may have to eat some pie about the terrific job he did.
i love how jake tapper doesnt even try to show his preference. eff trump
Even though Podesta called him an asshole!
Someone please tell me they saw the guy with long blonde hair's face after talking to trump after the debate. It was on the PBS stream. "Ooookay then"
Wtf kind of closing statement was that? I knew he would garble it since it was a surprise but he literally didn't say a single thing about himself.
The big story will be that Donald Trump is basically saying he won't accept the result of the election.
> bigly FTFY
What would happen if he actually didn't?
lets take a guess on how high obamas approval rating will soar
Hahah Kellyanne ran away
CNN is interviewing Kellyanne right now and she said Trump would accept the results of the election. Has she spoken with Trump lately?
She said "because he's going to win." She's just as delusional as her boss.
Aside the usual lack of specifics on policy there's one major thing missing: There were no questions or discussion of new, possibly disruptive technology, mass automation, self-driving cars, encryption, hacking, streaming, etc, yet tech played a huge part in both campaigns, and many people watched the debates on youtube for the first time.
There was only 90 minutes - you can't cover everything.
There never is. Unfortunately, current politicians are older and less informed on tech at this time.
Do you think either of them would have the faintest clue about emergent disruptive technologies? Wasn't one of them still using yahoo mail? Most of these older gen politicians in power are not very tech saavy.
That would be too important.
Well, they tried, but this remake of Ren and Stimpy wasn't half as funny as the original.
Wonder if Trump has a collection of nose goblins!
Don't know, but LINT LOAF !!
Trump looked and sounded tired. Hillary looked kinda spry.
A shot in the face and a shot in the arm will do that for ya.
Thought the same. For all the "energy Trump supporters talk about, he seemed a bit resigned, defeated. Not a huge fan of Hillary, but much less of a fan of Trump. She did well tonight.
Conway SNL sketch just happened IRL
I think Chris Wallace did pretty well.
Agreed. I was very surprised to see how well he did. He held things evenly and conducted himself in a very professional manner. Fox sent their best it seems.
He did great!
That was a great SNL skit, now what time is the real debate on?
I think Alec Baldwin was hamming it up too much.
[The Pew report Trump cited found no evidence of voter fraud.](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/oct/17/donald-trump/donald-trumps-pants-fire-claim-large-scale-voter-f/) I hope this guy goes away after the election.
He went back the notion of improperly registered voters. Even if the registration is invalid, the people don't actually vote.
>I hope this guy gets put away in a jail cell after the election. FTFY Not by clinton, but by the numerous people he stiffed
Van Jones just said about Trump "You cannot polish this turd". Jesus.
CNN killing it "you cant polish this turd"
Well looks like we are going to have zero questions about income inequality, global warming, or campaign finance reform in any of the 4 debates. This is why I kinda get mad when people say positive things about the likes of Anderson Cooper, and Chris Wallace fuck our shitty political pundits.
Is there gonna be a fourth debate?
I was counting the vp one in that
Thought Chris Wallace did a good job as moderator.
Lol. Van Jones. You can't polish this turd.
I just can't with this Al Gore comparison. If you think that it's the same thing you honestly might have a chromosome disorder. Just stop this nonsense.
CBS is focusing on the fact that Trump won't say he'll accept the result of the election, that's gonna be the headline everywhere tomorrow
That's all channels.
That is definitely the most serious thing he said. Peaceful transfer of power is a necessary part of a democracy.
As well it should be. That was the scariest moment in a completely off-the-rails election season.
Kayleigh McEnany might be the absolute stupidest person of this entire election season.
Kayleigh is a nutjob.
Nutjobs everywhere are insulted. Now doofuses are proud to call him one of their own. Edit: word
Anderson Cooper looks so done
man wants to go on another vacation
Don't we all
Kayleigh: "Donald Trump had a great night" Oooook.....
Trump did well compared to his average, especially early on. I legitimately thought he was debating for a while there. Doesn't mean his policy means anything, but at least there was discussion
When Hillary and him were talking about Supreme Court justices, it was actually an ok debate at that point, but then it just came off the rails, just like in the first debate.
"I'm going to appoint 20 justices," was my favorite line.
That got me too.
MOTM Wallace
Chris Wallace egged him into this unpatriotic line it is just locker-room. c'mon guys
How is accepting a rigged election unpatriotic?
[citation needed]
If nothing else, check out the second youtube link. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IuJGHuIkzY - Admission of inciting violence at rallies. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDc8PVCvfKs - Admission of voter fraud (aka rigging, one form of it anyways). Fun fact: The voting machines in over a dozen states are owned by George Soros, a massive Clinton supporter and one of the top ~30 richest people in the world who openly advocates for open borders and a global government (much like Clinton said she favored in one of her paid speeches). There is more and more evidence every day of illegal activities by Clinton and her campaign. Give the truth a chance, it may be painful but you may come to realize Hillary is not only a criminal, but a horrible person and candidate as well.
Sorry, I cannot accept a James O'Keefe product. He's known to fabricate narratives with flatly deceptive editing. He's cried wolf before and I'm not buying it this time. Not on his word alone. Without verification, I will not accept that as an accredited source.
Electoral fraud (the kind you do by manipulating voting machines) has some pretty serious limitations in the US. Can you steal an election? Probably... at the state level... if it's close. If you monkey with things too much, it sticks out glaringly when folk compare pre-election polling, exit polling and actual voting data. Guess what? This election is not close. Hillary Clinton is significantly ahead in polling in sufficient states to surpass the required 270 electoral college votes. Even if she and her crew had the capabilty, there's just no need even to bother. You don't need to steal an election you're all but certain to win... and very likely in a historic landslide. To be worried about stealing an election when polling data in swing states is extremely close is indeed warranted. At the very least, this is a serious concern and we need to be vigilant. But even discussing this for the 2016 election is exactly what Clinton described it to be: nothing more than Trump's well documented behavior of whining about rigging whenever he loses.
Every single other person in the room thinks Kellyanne is a moron.
I think even Kellyanne thinks she's a moron. I mean, she can't *honestly* believe the shit coming out of her own mouth, right?
I've had a blast with this election until recently. Now I feel like I'm in hell. I feel sick to my stomach. Just have election day tomorrow and get this whole mess over with. We can deal with a few of Trump's riots and hopefully move on in a couple of weeks.
You might live in a state with early voting. I voted absentee and now idgaf about what happens.
Trump got ethered
Axelrod is so out of place on this panel. He is the only one who commands respect at all.
I loved his book 'Believer'.
Does the world need a US president who doesn't last 40 mins in a debate?
fun reminder... Kayleigh McEnaney has a law degree from Harvard...
And she's smoking hot.
hotness only gets you so far because at some point you do have to have a conversation with the other person
Agreed. She's dispicable. But she's good looking.
> Kayleigh McEnaney Well, here in Colombia we've gotten used to corrupt/vapid politicians who can barely speak English, and yet, they have a Harvard (or another world wide elite university) degree. Mind you, most of them are graduates from the Business School, which doesn't have the best reputation to say the least. But there are a couple of Law/Political Science graduates that really confuse me. Ex-Bogotá (absurdly corrupt and not intelligent at all) mayor, Samuel Moreno, comes to mind, although he is in the first category (Business School). Oh, he happens to be the grandchild of a former dictator, so...yeah.
He lied about the lies he lied about
Mark my words. Tomorrow Donald Trump will say the word 'snot'.
Van Jones is really going in tonight!
Trump used his foundation on multiple occasions to pay legal bills incurred by Trump’s corporate properties. Scott Horsley NPR White House Correspondent
Just ignore Jeffrey and Kayleigh and they'll go away...
They are two pathetic, pathetic individuals.
No this is not easily Trump's best performance.
I think it was in terms of how he approached it. It actually felt like a debate during the beginning when they were talking about their Supreme Court judge choices, but then the interruptions started once they got on to a different subject. He continued hysterically mouthing, "Wrong", into the mic to things he truly did say or do something Clinton or Wallace said he did. Through all of that, though, I felt it was at least better than the second debate. Perhaps it was just the format since he didn't have to actually talk to voters in front of his face.
The first debate might've been his best.
I don't know why, but I really want to talk to Jesus.
Van Jones is so damn cool
So who won i didn't watch?
Hillary. 110-89.
Trump: Not a lot of substance, mostly rehashing the same lines. Clinton: Had substance. Well prepared and polished.
Nobody
Putin
Clinton trounced him.
Hillary
if you saw the 1st 2, im assuming you can guess who won this one
We all did because it's over.
You won. You saved 2 hours of your life.
Actually, probably more - watching these debates is sure to shorten the lifespan.
The moderator.
Obama
I can't get past the fact that he called her nasty!!!! What a jackass!!
Van Jones is destroying McEnany and Lord right now.
Van Jones actually makes great points. He also talked about how Obama had to be the pinnacle of perfection in order to be elected as a black man, he could not even have an ounce of scandal attached to him. If he had been married three times with five kids, they would have stereotyped him. Trump's run is the definition of white privilege and how rich white guys can get away with anything and be supported.
This is so true wow.
On CNN: lol--- Was this 11:30 on a saturday night. It was like Alec Baldwin on SNL. Fucking gold.
Anybody enjoying the post-debate Fox News coverage? They're skewering him.
Megyn Kelly fucked that advisor up
Skewering on CNN and its awesome because his loyal defenders are being butchered
Bad hombres, nasty woman and keeping us in suspense about accepting election results. That's all I remember.
I've never said Ombre once in my life. What in the fuck.
I've also never talked about grabbing womens pussies without consent in a locker room, but that does not stop them
Hombre. I've used it, though while speaking my pidgin Spanish.
Holy shit Jeffrey Lord just dropped the n-word
'hey theres some bad hombres and we are going to get them out.' *what does that mean*
Jesus, who is this old crusty senile white guy on cnn
I can't even watch that pair gobble Trumps nuts. It makes me sick to my stomach.
I think it's Elliot Gould's Dad.
Jeffrey Lord. Professional Trump apologist and spinner.
Hispanic person "That's offensive" old white dude and girl "That's not offensive"
I'm 40% hispanic and I didn't think it was offensive.
"Now lets get back to Making America Great Again, like when you would just accept what I say and go back to doing my laundry. Those times were Great"
So can we talk about how Jeffrey and Kayleigh are a pair of white folks telling a pair of minorities to stop being offended? Because that's a real bad look...
Yeah toughen up like your grandparents, they picked cotton and didn't complain (out loud).
did the trump side just make a dead baby joke on cnn? "no one deserves to die at the hand of another, unless it's a baby"
The Jesus signs are growing in the background like the Blob
Yeah where did these come from? "Seek Jesus not Church". What political views are these guys pushing?
the ultra right wing who thinks the Church is going too mainstream by accepting some homosexuality and "embracing secular society". I grew up deep in that world and there are LOTS of them.
Kayliegh you were just praising about twitter wha... I just can't even
It's simple. They don't get it. Just because YOU aren't personally offended, doesn't mean other people aren't.
you just got AXELRODDED.
**AXELRODDED** Rated XXX *Once he stuffs your ballot box, you'll never want another election again.*
What the fuck is going on in CNN....
Jeffrey Lord is taking it in all orifices.
I'm enjoying the shitshow... it's like watching your disfunctional neighbors
Wish they would let them drink. Imagine the shitshow when they're all drunk
Lord and Kayleigh are in rare form. And by rare form, doubling down on all the bullshit.
Trump surrogates are being sat down by everyone else and told that Santa isn't real and that Grandma has cancer.
After this debate maybe Putin Sempai will notice Trump. He seemed to really like talking up how strong and smart Putin is and just outright throwing the Intel community under the bus (which boggles my mind as he wants to be their boss)
Did anyone notice that Trump totally forgot to say "drain the swamp"? He had a golden opportunity to end with it during the closing-statement-that-wasn't-a-closing-statement... And still didn't say a word about it.
That's what you get from 15 total minutes of debate prep
everyone is operating on the belief that Trump is about to lose... maybe because that's a glaring fact?!
Jeffrey Lord almost lost it, when Kayleigh said Trump was "only" down by 6. lol No one has ever recovered from being down that, even if you believe that number. Which most believe it's more.
Lord is just firing off one liners that are complete non-sequiturs and falling flat with everyone else on the panel. He has turned the corner from trying to make serious (if faulty) arguments to just spewing bullshit and laughing to himself.
Come on, everyone on that panel is going nuts tonight. CNN is a terrible network for news, but a great entertainment channel
Jeffrey is channeling Trump, making snarky remarks while Gloria is speaking.
I can't to see the total number of lies in all 3 debates Donald has told.
This kayleigh chick went to Harvard. Wow what a waste
Yeah and Trump went to UPenn. Prestige sure as hell doesn't equal smarts these days
Some pass me some tic tacs
And Oxford.
Ikr
I don't think she believes a word that comes out of her. She's playing devils advocate just to get paid.
Is Jeffrey Lord an actor?
Man his story is sad - Bullet points: Mildly successful during the 80s with the Reagan Administration, fell out of favor, moved home to take care of his sicks parents, 25 years later Trump throws him a lifeline to political relevance. Can't say that I wouldn't take that chance myself.
Someone needs to re-write his lines. They are awful.
He looks like the creepy stalker dude from The Bodyguard.
he's a shillary plant, just like chris wallace #maga /s
Trump's deplorables sure are defensive.
Cooper is about to just toss some gas on the desk and burn the whole fucking thing down. He's had a long night lmao Serious note: after the cameras turn off. Where do these people stand on a personal level as far as relationships go?
i would really love to know this as well. Does the heat turn off as soon as the cameras do?
They drink with their allies.
I'm sure Kayleigh and Van Jones hate fuck each other.
That would be so hot.
Van fucking Jones!
Watching the CNN post debate analysis, if the Olympics committee ever decides to add mental gymnastics to the competition, then USA will have a Dream team in Jeffery Lord,Kayleigh Mcenany, Corey Lewandowski, Katrina Pierson and Kellyanne Conway.
Don't forget Scottie Nell Hughes
CLINTON 52% TRUMP 39% CNN POLL!!
lol where the fuck do they find these "undecided" loons?
I am an undecided voter, but I'm super aware of the bridges over the rio grande.
At the end of the day Trump has already hemorrhaged all the votes he ever will. Who has now will never change and there's just no way he's going to convince independents when all he ever does is pander to his base
I liked how Donald Trump pointed out that "our women are disrespected" [Link to his closing statement...](https://www.bustle.com/articles/190664-the-transcript-of-donald-trumps-closing-statement-at-the-final-debate-is-certainly-interesting)
Not much changed in this debate. Hillary got some nice zingers in, so she will gain more voters from this than Drumpf will. Drumpf's hate campaign is done for.
Maria Teresa Kumar just had a great thought on MSNBC. She thinks trump is just going to announce trump tv during election light. Free infomercial!
Largest infomercial in history. Everyone will be watching. "Leave you in suspense" matches this strategy exactly.
Jeff Lord is going home tonight to mercilessly beat a sack of puppies while his loveless wife cries in the corner of their tacky, 80s inspired living room.
*1950s TV show inspired room
he doesn't seem like a bad guy, just a completely deluded idiot
He's doing a social experiment - my boy Lord is loco. For his next prank he's gonna shoot Afghan Smack in front of a cop in Singapore.
Trump lied about what he said about countries having nukes? Not surprised.
Everything Trump has praised tonight: Putin Assad Iran Himself
Everything Trumped attacked and blamed: Obama Hillary The Emmy's FBI Media Bernie Sanders (But praised him too) Mexicans IRS(In a way because he doesn't reales taxes) America Voting System
That's almost a sentence in itself.
True. Should've. The fact that trump has repeatedly said climate change is a Chinese hoax should have been raised by a moderator.
Looks like Kayleigh couldnt take it anymore and went to have a drink. Van too.
Nope, Van's back to kick some more Trump surrogate ass.
Van's still there?
Van is right there.
Oh got this buzz cutted shit is on CNN again.
There were a number of ridiculous comments throughout the debate but I can't believe that the abortion talk is not getting more play. Trump said something about Hillary supporting abortions until the last day of the pregnancy...into the 9th month. WTF?
I was dying when he said that. Like, does he think doctors don't try to deliver the baby if it's only a day early? A emergency stillbirth is not a demonic abortion.
Yeah, she was talking about cases in which the mother's life becomes endangered, he was talking about apparently Satanist Democrats that go around giving last-second abortions for funsies.
He has 5 kids, don't you think at least one of them was delivered by c-section? Does he not know what that is? I know he really, really likes pussies, so does he think it doesn't count if you don't come out through one?
> does he think it doesn't count if you don't come out through one? LOL
What's up with the religious freaks chanting on CNN? What's that about?
Trumpets.
Angela Rye is my pretend bae.
Good Lawd yes
People are idiots
Did anyone catch how Donald Trump was offended by Russia supposedly "taking over the middle east" almost like they are taking it away from US. As if we own the ME.
Sorry, I was caught on tbe "Hillary is going to start a nuclear war, how dare she not kow-tow to Russia" talking point.
This is the guy that thinks we should have taken their oil when we were there. Yes, he thinks we own it.
Which blows my fucking mind. We shouldn't have taken a single resource from Iraq. All resources should be left for the people who live on that land. Only two US corporations are pumping Oil out of Iraq.
Which blows my fucking mind. How dare Mexicans come to the US pay taxes and receive government benefits. But you know, as soon as the situation is reversed, the US stealing a country's national resources isn't much of a problem to Trump.
Yep. Pretty sure not only would it violate several international treaties, but 'taking the oil' would have been an impossible undertaking. Even at maximum capacity (which would certainly be harmed if we attempted this) it would take decades to remove all of it.
Yeah considering they have an absolute shit ton of oil. In fact Iraq has the world’s fifth largest proven petroleum reserves after Venezuela, Saudi Arabia, Canada, and Iran. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Petroleum_industry_in_Iraq#
Well we would if we had just kept Mosul like he wanted. Like indefinitely occupying hostile foreign territory is somehow a great idea.
ISIL took over Mosul 3 years after US troops were pulled out of Iraq, we did not and should not have enough forces in Iraq to occupy territory and we do not control the Iraqi military. All of these facts seem to not exist to Donald Trump. All we could do is provide air strikes in tandem with the Iraqi military. Without direct involvement from the Iraqi military then we could have not done a single thing. After all Iraq is a sovereign nation.
Hannity is praising Farrakhan because he likes Trump. I've given up
Being as unbiased as possible, who do you think won the debate?
Ken Bone obviously. /u/StanGibson18 - what was your view on the debate, from an inside perspective?
This was a much more issues focused and informative debate, best of the 3.
Somehow, which has been the same throughout all the debates, they tended to avoid environmental issues. That made me sad inside.
I'd say Clinton. She came into this debate with plans, numbers and prep. This highlighted just how little Trump has.
Hillary has a lot more depth to her answers overall. She didn't make too many assertions without backing them up and was overall well composed. She did go on the offense a bit but again was well composed in doing so. One major place she fell short was immigration, however that is to be expected because Trump doesn't have to go into a lot of depth to get people on his side, while Hillary would have to bring a strong front. The moderator at one point brought up a quote from WikiLeaks material about her wanting open borders, conveniently after Trump had a quite strong speech about strict immigration policy. It seemed like he wanted to draw the debate towards the leaks. Instead she outlined why it was out of context, and then went on to blame Russia and use it against Trump by asking him to outright condemn Russia for espionage, if they did do it. I guess you could consider that good debating, but I think that if she had held strong when confronted with WikiLeaks related issues instead of trying to pivot away it would have been an even stronger move, as I know a lot of people are worried about that. Overall she wasn't insanely good or bad. But I think she knows that by omission she can win, because Trump does shoot himself in the foot - so she doesn't need to be that strong. Trump was calm and coherent in the beginning, and honestly if he had stayed that way I think he could have won the debate. But much the same as the other debates, he spoke in broad generalizations and pivoted away from difficult questions. His lack of composure showed as he interrupted a lot. He denied a few things which were blatantly true (Such as mocking the disabled reporter) which made him look defensive. He called out Hillary for interrupting yet had done and continued to do so himself. The moderator asked directly why common criticisms of each candidates tax plans are wrong and why their tax plans will work, and when it came to Trump he essentially repeated his answer from before, which is what led the moderator to clarify his question and ask specifics in the first place. He continued to alienate himself from female voters by having one of the most misinformed and ignorant pro life speeches I think that I have ever heard. Actual content aside, Trumps raw debating skills are up there with some of the worst relative to what you expect from a person in their position. I think he and his campaign expect that using buzzwords and blatantly pivoting away from every question, and turning it into an attack, will win him more votes. And while it may seem good to those that he already has, it is doing little to nothing to help him expand his platform.
Thank you. Best analysis I've read so far. So few people seem to acknowledge Trump did great and better than Clinton at the beginning and had her even struggling once. But then he went back to the same shit from the first debate. One thing that might be worth mentioning is that this also was Clinton's worst debate. Her laughing at Trump was great in the last two but crazy inappropriate in this debate, especially during the ISIS thing and even when he had good points. She looked much less human and more stiff this time. It also is very noteworthy she kept interrupting and talking quite a lot when the moderator insisted on the open debate thing.
Huh, that's interesting. I thought she did much better this debate than the last one (though not as well as the first). She spoke over the moderator plenty last time, and for reasons as inane as advertising her website. At least this time, it was too add a few words about policy. She came off as calmer, cooler, and more collected this time, I felt. The last debate was just awful for everyone, regardless of skill or practice.
Trump won big with his base, but did it in the fashion he's been doing it all along: Deflect, pivot and lie. He killed it, in that sense, but if the purpose of the debate was to increase his chances of winning the election, then he flopped. He supplied very unflattering sound bites and a lack of comprehension on issues. While his base will sum this up as "I won't stand by while this election is stolen by a corrupt politician" the people he needs to win over are just as likely, if not more likely, to hear "I'm a bad loser and she's a bitch". Clinton performed as expected on issues and showed some flashes of personality, which she really could have used months ago, but unless she leverages the new ammunition Trump so kindly offered up it is hard to call her a winner of the debate itself. However, if considered in the context of the election, then she nailed it. She is leading heavily and this should help her maintain that lead. In this regard, Trump needed a win and Clinton needed to not bomb. It may be that the debates are now scored 29-28 in Clinton's favor instead of 30-27 by some and there was certainly no stoppage. She was channeling Matt Hughes, but with hints of some GSP hidden in there. As with debate 2 and the VP debate the more important outcome here will be post-debate. We're looking at either a draw, or a big Clinton win based on how this plays.
The debate only confirmed that trump got very lucky being born with a silver spoon yet he can't finish a simple thought and is allowed to get away with being a jackass only because he has money.
/r/unexpectedmma
Right? I was like, wait, what? Did he just reference ufc fighters?
I would say Clinton won the debate, if for no other reason than Trump failed to sway additional undeciders/left leaning voters.
Clinton for sure. He simply rambled a lot and didn't provide a whole lot of substance.
unbiased? well. trump is way behind the polls and needed a grand slam. he didn't get it. conservatives seem to think trump won yet aren't all that pleased with his performance. everyone else seems to think hillary hit it out of the park. she didn't make any missteps while generally being on point all night. trump on the other hand is currently having negative headlines run against him even on fox news for a handful of things he said. personally, i'd distrust the judgment of anyone who watches that debate and thinks trump was even remotely in the same ballpark as clinton. he wasn't informative, brought up a handful of debunked conspiracy theories, and managed to yet again only appeal to his core supporters.
> trump on the other hand is currently having negative headlines run against him 95% of the media has donated to Hillary. Trump is going to get extremely negative views no matter what. He clearly dominated the 2nd debate and the media still said it was a disaster for him. The media is a joke now. It sacrificed its reputation this year to try and keep Trump out of office. We'll see if it pays off on Nov 8th.
> 95% of the media has donated to Hillary Sources? Looking at the media companies on OS reveals that it's nowhere near that high: https://www.opensecrets.org/orgs/list.php Also using your logic, 95% of Oil, Lobbying, Banks and SuperPacs are donating to Republicans so are they jokes too?
Clinton. Trump's comments had a lot of "this is terrible. It's all obama's fault. These people endorse me. We need to be better" without any actual substance, or plans.
I just kept hearing "WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH" every time he spoke. Edit: and "wrong"
Well, all the scientific polls taken so far have Clinton winning by a comfortable margin, so there's that. But beyond that, Trump was already significantly behind in the race, he needed this debate to be a game changer, and it wasn't. That there is the biggest reason why Trump lost. You can fire up your base all you want, it's not going to matter if you're down by 7-10 points.
Where are the polls from the debate?
Clinton. For Trump to have a chance at actually winning this election, he needed to convince people outside of his typical fanbase that he was qualified and fit to be president. He didn't really accomplish that in last night's debate (or any of the last three debates, for that matter), especially when it comes to substantive policies and concrete knowledge about the issues.
Clinton. Trump is a poor debater, probably because he's used to being the boss and not being challenged on things. He constantly misses opportunities to get the upper hand because he gets diverted by baiting. Case in point was when Clinton threw out the puppet comment, and he engaged in Kindergarten argument tactics rather than ignoring the bait and redirecting to the contents of the leaks. His best debate performance was during the second one, but the audio scandal overshadowed everything else at that time.
People love when trump gets in a few brutal slams on Clinton because in a civilized debate that wouldn't happen.... he would have been lethal if he had actual plans to compliment his lack of filter.
Did anyone else notice Trump essentially blamed Obama for the war in Iraq? I'm surprised no one called him out on that.
From Trump's rally, just now: "Trump says he has a “major announcement”: I would like to promise and pledge to all of my voters and supporters, and all the people of the United States, that I will totally accept the results of this great and historic presidential election if I win."
Trump thinks undermining the fabric of our republic is hilarious.
Trump just said the only way he'll accept the result of the election is if he wins....
Considering Hillary's history of elections, I don't blame him. She stole the primary, quite blatantly, beyond a shadow of a doubt.... so wouldn't you wait to respond depending upon what shit she tries to pull this time?
Just like she stole the presidency in 2008, right?
Have you had your head in the sand? Between wikileaks, hidden camera confessions, emails, dnc chair getting outed, statistically verified by multiple universities, on, and on.... You've gotta be smoking rocks if you believe she earned any of it.
Proof please.
He is truly better than any chariaciature of himself
2 minutes ago Did he just say that African-Americans have no education?
Only if you're saying that CNN called African Americans "felons"...
They're too busy getting shot all the time, I guess. Donald lives in a very interesting version of reality.
I think he just said he can do more for them than Hillary could in 10 lifetimes...unless I missed something.
just the ones in the inner city!
Trump seems to think that all minorities live in the inner-city.
We don't need no education.
Yes.
dont forget the latinos
Candidates: Hillary Clinton (Former Sen. (NY), Former Sec. of State) Donald Trump (Clown) Take your pick.
Hillary Clinton (Thief, murderer, defender of rape, conspirator, warmonger, fraud, Former Sen. (NY), Former Sec. of State) FTFY
I'm not fucking with clowns. Those motherfucker hide in bushes with knives and shit.
Donald Trump (Pussy Grabber)
A nominee for President just refused to say that he will stand by a nomination for his opponent. That is the most unacceptable thing I have ever seen in American politics. It flies in the face of the foundation of our country.
Trump is a sociopath. Having worked in a field and know a lot about people and actions. This man is a lunatic. I am terrified he may win. Please people, get out and VOTE! Hillary is a flawed candidate I know. But she is lightyears ahead of Trump and will not damage our country. Trump will ruin us. Look at the amount of people in his OWN PARTY that are voting for Hillary. This is unprecedented. That tells you all you need to know.
I am bit worried how Clinton dodged the question on downing Russian jets. At this point I wonder which is worse hell scape with president Trump or WW3 with Hillary Clinton.
It's clear she and people she puts in power would NEVER do anything to start WW3. She said she would wait until solid agreements were made before that no fly zone. That answered the question. I was upset she didn't hit him HARD on his lack of understanding whe he said they warned ISIS they were coming to Mosul. He's an amateur. They do that so CIVILIANS have a chance to get out. Therefore lowering the innocent casualty rate which has been shown time and time again creates more hatred for us and more terrorists. Trump would just bomb the hell out of a city and kill kids and create more terrorists than he was trying to kill.
>It's clear she and people she puts in power would NEVER do anything to start WW3. She said she would wait until solid agreements were made before that no fly zone. That answered the question. No she didn't say she would shoot down Russia, and this is the second time she seriously implied that she would shoot down Russian jets. >I was upset she didn't hit him HARD on his lack of understanding whe he said they warned ISIS they were coming to Mosul. He's an amateur. They do that so CIVILIANS have a chance to get out. Therefore lowering the innocent casualty rate which has been shown time and time again creates more hatred for us and more terrorists. Not really, they do that at least in part in the hope parts of ISIS run and the city becomes more easy to conquer. When the US unleashed shock and awe on the Iraqi state they didn't give a fuck about Iraqis, when Obama is droning innocent people he doesn't give a fuck about Iraqis or anybody for that matter.
To anybody wondering right now. The media isn't being Pro-Democrate..just Anti-Stupid...which is still an anomaly.
I think in general they are more democratic leaning. But pro democratic and anti stupid are just very much alligned this particular election
They seem to align with whomever wields the most power from what I've seen.
Enough people went "Dear god this idiot actually has a chance" and stopped entertaining his antics.
Trump "Can I respond" Chris "Well no" Responds anyways. Trump has no self restraint whatsoever and "nasty woman" was the cherry on top
my favorite moment from the debates: http://i.imgur.com/Bp1S07w.jpg
Think we found a new meme
http://i.imgur.com/AiTNf5L.png
Whoever that guy was up there did a really good Alec Baldwin impression.
Calling Hillary as a next Obama is a compliment. Obama has very high approval rating. Trump is saying like a derogatory remark Edit: this is like promoting Hillary among independents
This is Trump's critical failing: he thinks that what plays well with his base plays well with everyone. He is stuck in a bubble.
It is derogatory to conservatives.
How about independents?
He only knows how to appeal to his base.
CNN is fucking stupid. Fuck that line. HE LOST ON EVERY FUCKING POINT OF THE DEBATE
r/politics probably thinks Trump lost on the points when Clinton was getting grilled over her corruption and pivoting too.
Really, every single point? I thought he was very grounded when he called her out about her dealings with the Clinton Foundation, Haiti, SOS position, and private server and emails. Was your tv muted during those moments?
pay for play was it. he got his ass blasted on everything else. watch the post debate polls, sweetheart. you obviously don't know what the hell you are talking about.
Why are you angry? And why are you degrading me for just stating my opinion? You should take some time off the internet and talk to real people. Also eat a snickers, you're not yourself when you're hungry for blood.
Which one did he win?
My friends keep telling me that judging Trump on things like policy or clarity or *logic* is a mistake, because his supporters obviously don't care. I still can't get into that mindset though.
'Technically you cant polish any turd'...Id fuck anderson cooper
Raise your hand if you're a bad hombre or a nasty woman voting against a pathetic man on Nov 8.
You mean Nov 28.
Yes, that's me
who would of thought fox would of moderated the debate best
I think the first one wasn't worse but this one was really good. Biggest difference was Trump reactions - he didn't interrupt Fox's Host
Chris Wallace has great genes, is powerfully educated and is a hard-hitting guy. He's been the only bright spot on Fox to me.
genes? lol
His dad is [Mike Wallace](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mike_Wallace)
Wallace crushed it! I spent years disliking him but damn if I don't have more respect for his moderating. Great questions, he called people out... he did his job bigly for sure.
Chris Wallace is a quality newsman. Fox would be well-served in the post-ailes era to look to rebuild around a core of him, Shepard Smith, and Megyn Kelly.
would *have* or would've, which is phonetically what you're aiming for.
Was it really "Fox" though? I feel as though Wallace would be Wallace regardless of who he worked for.
*would have
I found it really disturbing when Trump kept saying "Our country has no idea." over and over when Clinton was trying to explain that 17 agencies say that Russia was behind the hacks.
The agencies are saying Russian hackers have been hitting the US, and that they could have been responsible for these hacks in particular. They don't know who did these ones though. Trump is wrong that the US has "no clue", but Clinton is also wrong that 17 agencies are saying Russia did it. Russia is not the only foreign country that launches hacking attacks on the US (something the US does to other countries too), and there have been multiple instances of internal whistleblowing and leaks. Was this Russia? It very well could have been. But they don't know it was, so she's leaping to conclusions beyond what the intelligence agencies are stating.
https://www.dhs.gov/news/2016/10/07/joint-statement-department-homeland-security-and-office-director-national The recent disclosures of alleged hacked e-mails on sites like DCLeaks.com and WikiLeaks and by the Guccifer 2.0 online persona are consistent with the methods and motivations of Russian-directed efforts.
Yeah he says he doubts the US military
I mean, his 10 year old son can do incredible things with a computer. It could have been a 400 lb man in his basement. Also from the first debate, Hillary mentioned cyber security as being very important. That's obviously a new priority on her part! Not satisfied with either candidate from a cyber security standpoint.
"Hur dur politics is easy and every action is immediate and done by one person"
Wallace was fantastic as always. I had high hopes for him and he exceeded them. I think people hear he's from Fox News and forget he's a reporter not a commentator. I especially like that he tried to throw them off their game saying "I know you didn't agree to closing statements" but guess what? We're doing them anyway because I said so!
He was amazing. I was skeptical when I heard he was from Fox and I was completely wrong. His control of the audience was so nice. He was composed and dignified.
I dislike Fox and its coverage, but they certainly have some reporters on staff who take their jobs seriously. Thank the gods for that.
I wish he'd leave Fox for a real network.
It's ok that he mocks disabled people, because he mocks everybody.
I think Gary Johnson could've answered that Aleppo question better than Trump
I assure you Johnson is very well briefed on Aleppo at this point...
Well.... I don’t know about that.
https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/347191326112112640
He was a business man then.
Lol.
Van Jones is quickly becoming one of my favorites this election. Him and Ana Navaro
he makes great points, and he's got some great videos on youtube too. check them out.
Bakari Sellers has been great as well.
Yea he is really good. Hopefully he sticks around.
Yeah, Ana is for sure my favorite republican.
I'm enjoying him blowing up the GDP growth myth
Yeah... it turns out percentage growth, whether youre talking about refugees or gdp, has to be taken in context of the original number..
So what's the consensus? Did Trump go 0-3?
This was his best performance of the three, but too little too late. He actually made some progress this time, but I would still say Clinton came out handily on top. He's gonna hurt in the morning for his "I'll keep you in suspense statement." His performance certainly wasn't good enough to change momentum in the polls and I would say he'll continue on a downward slide. My guess at this point is that he'll wind up somewhere between 33 - 35% the day before the election.
I feel like Debate 2 was his best and tonight's was his worst.
He was more civil in debate two, but I felt like he did a moderately better job of making points. Not a *good job* but better.
I'd say 0-2-1 since the second one was pretty much a wash. This one was a horror show, however.
Yup. Maybe got in a few punches tonight, but HRC was more on point and Donald continued to shoot himself in the foot.
yup... he had a pretty good 30-45 minutes at the beginning, but completely tanked the entire thing at the end.
He needed a BIG win tonight to stay competitive. He didn't get it.
Most definitely. I have no idea why he thinks he's being clever refusing to say if he would accept the results. I would say Hillary landed more hits than he did.
Yup
52-39? What drugs were people taking to think Trump IMPROVED tonight? (The 2nd debate was 57-34)
> What drugs were people taking to think Trump IMPROVED tonight His performance in the first two debates and his increasingly insane statements may have put people's expectations even lower. He did better than I was expecting - which is to say he still lost, but didn't have a complete meltdown on stage.
I don't think Trump improved, but Clinton didn't answer the wikileaks question well. She still win, but I could see why people thought it was closer.
Apparently this was only a D+1 sample compared to a D+8 or something for debate 2.
Float in the margins mostly
Not saying that Hillary deserves it. but, America, get ready for your first female president, yo.
I can think off hand of a number of other very qualified women in our government that deserve to be president. But none of them are running against this shit show called Trump. So, Hillary it is! Lol
Easily her best debate, she is up 7, and after this debate there is no reason to think her lead won't increase...it's over.
Her lead will increase by a point or 2. You will not see a dip in his support though. She will pull from the undecided and possibly 3rd party. He on the other hand has probably hit his floor. And as Election Day gets closer his floor and ceiling will come closer together. I don't know about a landslide but I believe HRC will be our next POTUS.
No one is really convincing new people all that much. However, there are people who have been on the fence to joining Clinton who have been waiting to give the Trump camp one last chance. There are no more chances left, they have all the info they'll ever get. Although the reverse is also true, it seems likely that a lot more people will go through with voting for Clinton instead of Trump from because of this.
Maybe I'm a nasty woman but I want to say Fuck You to the GOP for letting this hot mess happen in the first place.
Fuck the GOP for George W Bush, and fuck them for not compromising at all with Obama. Fuck them for doing nothing about climate change, and fuck them for creating this monster that is Trump
Fuck the DNC for Barack Obama, and fuck them for not compromising at all with bush. Fuck them for doing nothing about the economy, and fuck them for creating this monster that is Clinton
The GOP is evil.
I was lost, even became an atheist. Now that I saw all the Jesus signs and heard the people yelling on national tv, I decided to become a Christian. Thank you yelling Jesus people.
As a Christian, I'm contemplating becoming an atheist.
As a human being, I'm contemplating becoming a goldfish at this point.
As an atheist I'm contemplating another glass of wine and maybe surprising my husbro with a beej.
msnbc talking about Trump's "kindergarten response" to the Clinton's Russian puppet accusation, "You're the puppet". How could no one have said, "No, you are!" Trump is 70 and a half
Surprised more people aren't talking about that comment. I was listening to it on the radio on the way home from work and my jaw dropped. She didn't just nail him on Russia in that bit, she fucking crucified him.
Properly buried under the lead but a buried gem it is. No other Pres. candidate would say or has said something so infantile but then if he won he would be our first Infant-American Pres.
Both of them were heavy hitting tonight. Trump seemed a little agitated late, and Hillary dodged on a few questions, but clearly the best debate of this election.
Yeah both of them were on top of their game, Trump really came out much more poised. I was worried there that he would keep it up all debate, but little by little she needled him enough to get him back to his blustering, interrupting self by the end. And of course, he shot himself in the foot with the "keep Americans in suspense" comment.
Chris Wallace was an excellent moderator imo. I liked how he asked Clinton about the leaks and emails but also at the same time grilled Trump and didn't let him walk all over him. Dude was professional.
I thought he could have been a little bit more assertive to be honest. There were several times when he just couldn't get either Hillary/Trump to stop talking over him/each other. I just heard a lot of noise and it irritated me.
The moderator definitely made this debate.
the whole night he was basically telling both the candidates and the audience he wasn't dealing with anyone's bullshit tonight
Clinton to his left, Trump to his right, the cackling hordes behind him. Christopher Wallace held his own this eve.
Wow Kellyanne looks like she hasn't slept in 3 weeks. It's probably the mainstream media's fault.
Entirely her fault for sticking with someone who has damaged the country and process that makes America what it is. At the very least, she should feel shame for what she's helped do here. Job or no job.
She's always been an alt right crazy. In the 90's Laura Ingraham sending leaks from a senators office to Kellyanne who then sent it to Drudge.
Seriously, after listening to Trump once again: sniffle, mock, point fingers, lie, and ramble his way through another debate - it boggles my mind that any person that considers themselves somewhat intelligent would vote for Trump.
He doesn't exist in a vacuum. He's being compared to Clinton who is a lobbyists puppet who is so anti-patriotic she hopes for the total destruction of American borders. How anyone who claims to care about America at all can vote for Hillary boggles my mind.
>hopes for the total destruction of American borders. Hahaha, okay. Put down the Infowars for a second. She wants a compassionate solution to immigration, not this crazy Joe Arpaio shit the right does. Calm down.
She has literally called for open borders. I guess that needs to be explained to you like a child. That means the destruction of American borders. Why are you so dishonest? You deny the very words that have come out of her own mouth.
That would require a major policy change, and I doubt that would involve very drastic changes, except scrutinizing suspected racial profiling.
That's irrelevant. I said she hopes for the total destruction of American borders and that is a fact based on her own words. Whether or not she could make that happen in one administration is irrelevant.
You are assuming "open borders" means "destruction of American borders". That is also very silly.
Those 2 things means exactly the same thing. If you have no borders the borders are destroyed. I know you're not so stupid you don't understand that.
Or you know she speaks above a 5th grade reading level and was implying that America welcomes trade and interaction with other countries. Like an open door policy your boss would have. You really think a president would destroy the physical barrier to their Country just because you don't like them?
She said "open trade and open borders". Those are 2 distinct things. She would not have said those 2 things seperately if she only meant free trade. >You really think a president would destroy the physical barrier to their Country just because you don't like them? Yes. I really believe there are politicians and others who believe in not only the destruction of America as a nation state but all nation states. They believe in a fully globalized world with no borders because it benefits the corporate elite. With no borders they are free to extort the poorest workers and bring down wages in their companies so they can make the most profit. It makes perfect sense for them but is absolutely not in the best interests of the average person.
That's like saying having an open door is the same as having no door.
Boarders aren't like doors. You can't close them when you like. It's either you have them or not.
No, she doesn't hope for the 'destruction of American borders'. She literally said so. You can't just make things up like Trump does and say whatever you feel like.
She calls for open borders. She has a public and private position. You naively believe the public position. I believe the private. She counts on gullible dupes like you to get elected.
What exactly is her private position? When you talk about open borders, I'm assuming you mean open border for people to come in a go out?
Her private position is hemispheric open borders with free trade like the European Union. She wants to replicate the EU in North America where anyone can go wherever they like, effectively the gradual end to the nation state. Her public position is supporting a secure border.
Free trade doesn't mean she wants open border for people, you can have free trade without movement of labour. The US will still have its strict visa system and immigration policies.
She said "open trade and open borders". If she just mean free trade she wouldn't have said open borders aswell. She said 2 distinct things.
http://www.vanityfair.com/news/2016/10/donald-trump-open-borders-trade
That's interesting. I have not seen that. He specifically says: *"We will have to leave borders behind and go for global unity when it comes to financial stability."* That could mean open borders in terms of people or in terms of financial regulation. He then says: *"Europe is a tapestry that is dense, colorful and deserving of continued longevity and prosperity. There are many pieces that must be carefully fitted together in order to thrive. Our challenge is to acknowledge those pieces and to see how they can form a whole that works together well without losing any cultural flavor in the process. It's a combination of preservation along with forward thinking."* That suggests he literally means no borders whatsoever.
Trump considers himself far smarter than he actually is, I wouldn't be at all surprised if his supporters share that same mental affliction.
Dunning-Kruger's a hell of a drug.
is that like peruvian flake? I think that's his other preferred drug.
Truly fantastic moderation tonight!
Yeah Wallace was great. He should be proud
Wallace had a lot on the line, and for what it's worth he made himself and his organization look strong.
This! A lot was made of the fact that he was from FOX but he was very unbiased in my opinion, a huge (yuuuuge) improvement from the last two
You heard it from his mouth. 4 more years of Obama. The quality of this country has steadily increased under his leadership. I think the vote is obvious.
Trump has been bizarrely sticking to the strategy of framing Hillary as "four more years of Obama" and liberals/Democrats have been happy to let him do it. Obama is enjoying all-time high approval ratings, "four more years of Obama" is a great look for Hillary.
This post debate show is tearing Trump a new one.
Every post debate show is tearing him a new one.
more like Trump tearing himself a new one
He lost bigly. This was worst than the first debate.
In 1860 the Southern portion of this country began breaking away due to a contrived and conspicuously incorrect belief that Abraham Lincoln would abolish slavery. It is quite well-documented that Lincoln's only interest was limiting the introduction of slavery into states acquired from the Mexican-American War. But that didn't stop everyday Americans from being absolutely duped. And thousands died. I beg the American people to recognize that this election is undoubtedly legitimate, and to not adopt an ideological siege mentality. A peaceful transition of power is critical to the continuation of this Republic, to undermine that betrays a very real disregard for the true principles of American democracy.
Uh, but Abraham Lincoln did abolish slavery.
First, congress abolished slavery via the 13th amendment. Second, Lincoln's support of emancipation in the midst of the Civil War is one of the most famous and most cited "evolutions" of Presidential policy in American history. Read his First Inaugural Address, as well as his correspondence. The man was by no means an abolitionist. Edit, because you probably won't bother looking it up: >I now reiterate these sentiments, and in doing so I only press upon the public attention the most conclusive evidence of which the case is susceptible that the property, peace, and security of no section are to be in any wise endangered by the now incoming Administration. *I add, too, that all the protection which, consistently with the Constitution and the laws, can be given will be cheerfully given to all the States when lawfully demanded, for whatever cause--as cheerfully to one section as to another.* -Abraham Lincoln, March 4 1861
It's irrelevant. "They believed (incorrectly) that he would abolish slavery." Well, they were right. Who cares when he decided it? If I think Trump is going to drop a nuke on Russia, even if he doesn't intend on it at the moment, and then in two years he changes his mind and does it, could you really call me wrong? You're making a strawman argument here, trying to compare this election to the Civil War. "Congress abolished slavery" is semantics. He was the face of the abolition, he signed the emancipation. Perhaps we should use other examples.
Lincoln's adoption of abolition was a *consequence* of secession, and he was absolutely opposed to abolition until it became militarily expedient. His signing the emancipation was a very clear attempt to reinvigorate the enthusiasm of the Union after the disaster at Fredericksburg. Beyond this, the emancipation extended only to states still in rebellion. This means both that Lincoln lacked de facto authority to enforce such a proclamation, but also that border states were excluded and thus granted the privilege of retaining slavery. Lincoln's adoption of an abolitionist stance wasn't a matter of principle or a reflection of early policy. It is scholastically dishonest to portray it as such. As for the broader relevance, of course it is relevant. Southern fire-eaters knowingly misrepresented Lincoln among Southerners and actively fomented an insurrectionist sentiment. Insofar as this, the situation is quite similar. One party hopes to circle the wagons and rally their supporters against a presumed enemy. Edit: Orthography
You are way oversimplifying the cause of secession in order to push your iamverysmart narrative. One of the issues was that, even regardless to slavery, the South (and particularly SC) felt that the North held too much influence over their lives. This is harder to compare to today, where there isn't *quite* as much of a split of industries between the two sides of the US, nor is there close to unanimous agreement in even singular states. In this sense it was completely rational, and not the knee-jerk idiotic reaction that you want to portray it as. If your government does not represent you, if your government continuously supports the welfare of one part of the country over another, then it is reasonable to then conclude that you no longer want that government to control you. We have different structures and laws than we did in 1860, though. It's not the same type of concern. However, this absolutely could still be reflected today, and telling other citizens to just suck it up only fuels the fire. But look at it in a logical way: If Hillary wins, and Trump says "I don't accept it," what happens? I'm assuming you think it would cause extreme vitriol between red and blue states that would lead to thousands of deaths? Or do you think that by not "accepting" Hillary's nomination, Trump could actually change the result? Maybe the third side of the equation is "if both of the candidates leave millions of citizens feeling totally unrepresented, then perhaps we should look into the process that got us here in the first place," and not "ignore Trump or you'll die!"
My "iamverysmart" narrative is a consequence of years of doctoral study on this and other topics related to the Civil War, so you will excuse me if this characterization dissuades me from reading the rest of your remarks.
Ok, you won't read other viewpoints and consider yourself the ultimate source on politics. No reason to continue then.
Thousands? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Civil_War try nearly a MILLION
Not sure arguing the Civil War was a bad thing for the country is the best way to make your point dude
I think you missed my point. South Carolina's secession in 1860 was a direct consequence of the election of a man who was incorrectly labeled as a passionate abolitionist. If only more Americans had given credence to both the reality of Lincoln's positions and the detriment of civil conflict, perhaps we would have avoided bloodshed.
Why on earth are people saying Trump had a good debate? WTF??? Those blood shit eyes, nasty woman remark, remarks on rigging, and the constant bullying interruptions. Lowering our standards is an understatement. Edit: I'm keeping the shit.
listened to about half of it on the carpool on the way home. he hit clinton pretty hard on the paid agitators on video, clinton foundation donations from countries that persecute LGBT and treat women is second class citizens. Also with pay to play. Of those accusations she did not deny them or address them, just out right ignored or responded with a rehearsed feel good america response. trump did the same as well at points, however, as someone who does not care for either I dont think I would have said he did not have a good debate. Unless, he really really tanked at the end which i did not get to hear.
It's not so much that Trump had a good debate as it is that Hillary didn't have a much better one, if she even did. She dodged, deflected, and pivoted about as much as Trump did. When she pivots, I like what she says better, but the fact is she doesn't answer the hard questions significantly more than Trump does. And (from what I watched), while Hillary didn't interrupt as much, she had less respect for the limits of her time than Trump did. There was a particular instance when the moderator had called time on Clinton and wanted to allow Trump to respond in which Hillary kept blathering on about whatever she had pivoted to for at least a full minute, talking over Trump when he tried to "interject" during what had been designated his time at least twice. It was blatantly disrespectful, and borderline bullying. It made me feel dirty about my decision to vote for her. Obviously Trump has given many more reasons during this election to make me feel far dirtier if I chose to vote for him. That's why Hillary's up by something like six points in the RCP average. That's why she'll win the election. That's why functionally tying in this debate is a good enough result for her, because (in my opinion) that's what she did. But of course this election has lowered our standards immensely.
> blood shit eyes indeed
> Those blood ~~shit~~ shot eyes In the one debate where he sniffed the least too.
I thought the color was off on my TV. The whites of his eyes were the same color as his skin.
I noticed that he wasn't his usual shade of orange.
>Those blood shit eyes lol.
The high point for me was fairly early on when Hilary fact-checked and schooled Chris ~~Matthews~~ Wallace about the proper use of context on the cherry-picked quote he tried to use against her that he lifted from her paid speech in which she called for open borders with regards to global energy concerns. * Edited to fix the name fuckup - too many Chrises in the News business to keep straight. My bad. \>_<
I second, some people called it a pivot, but she fact-checked herself and gave an excellent response. Also tonight a high moment was mentioning to Google 'Donald Trump Iraq' and that you can even listen to his own words. That's much better than telling people to fact check on her own biased website.
Her campaign strategy of literally running Trump against himself is nothing short of brilliant.
that was the big moment that wallace was very unfair, besides that moment, he was good i thought and better than i expected
That's because it was also the moment in which she shut him down brutally enough that he didn't try pulling any more FOX bullshit and did his job the way he was supposed to.
Wallace, not Matthews.
Cheers - too many Chrises in the news to keep straight, I guess. =D
I think Trump was a good thing for the country. He is a culmination of religion-driven, male centric, xenophobic, white supremacist rhetoric which the conservative republican party has adopted over the last many years. Trump has forced many of these far right people and politicians to re-evaluate their stance. Hopefully, there will be a more sane and reasonable leadership from the republican side after this election.
I doubt they will change, they don't seem to want to, clearly. The Democrats need to win for the next 8-12 years to force the Republican Party to change and become sane.
I hope you're right. I think these people kinda getting it out of their system so to speak could really start things trending back in the right direction
In a way, he's been our devil's advocate.
If he came out and revealed he was just messing with everyone trying to find the most offensive thing he could get away with, and never in his dreams actually expected to make it three weeks away from the White House door...I'd believe him.
I dunno. I think they'll just feel more alienated and fearful.
im not right, but boy i hope you are right. The last thing we need is someone channeling his inner trump in 20 years and whispering into the mic....*wrong*
I agree it sometimes takes a literal insane person to get an organization to reevaluate its goals. The main issue is, Trump has created a cult around his persona. How does a sane Republican party, (that as a strong Democrat, I believe is sorely needed), reclaim its identity without destroying itself?
My thoughts exactly. He is the shit-swirling pinnacle of the kind of garbage they have been spewing for years, and he took it so far that he forced the Republican party to blush. God Bless that racist blowhard. The party needs to die and come back again to ever regain my respect and Trump is Death showing up at the door.
For the next election cycle I have my fingers crossed for two actual politicians in the running instead of just one.
I fear he has normalized this kind of shit. I really don't know what to expect in 2020.
My only concern is whether these wingnuts will get violent on or after election day. I can already picture armed militia wackos "guarding" voting booths in rural communities.
Which would be highly illegal. Any form of voter intimidation should be reported to police including violent acts or displays. Guns aren't allowed in polling places either.
rip the baby RIP the donald
Clinton 3 Trump 0
[deleted]
Scientific polls didn't.
[deleted]
No, but it does provide data that should be factored into said opinion. How exactly do you win a debate when every poll of viewers has the other person winning? Style points?
Clinton made a couple mistakes in there but Trump was so far out of touch with reality that it's beyond comprehension. Just, wow.
* Hillary was stronger in this debate than any other debate this year. * Donald went off into r/conspiracy land after the "choke" comment * Thank you Chris Wallace, you were awesome.
Trump and Wallace both poised some actual good questions on Clinton's record with Haiti, and internal leaked emails. She side-stepped them nearly flawlessly. If Trump spent more time focusing on those great debate points instead of yammering about nothing for 90 minutes, it would have been a different debate. He simply doesn't have the demeanor to be President.
I might hire him to run a camp for fat kids, that's about it.
1. He can't run 2. He'll eat all the food Poor choices.
No, dear God no!
Was...was he not orange tonight?
Golden !
TV production. Someone managed to convince him to get professional help. He'll go back to doing his own makeup.
Like ET he is fading. Donnie... call.... home.....
Trump won't accept election results, that will get people killed, the rest is just noise
Im betting right now he calls out indirectly for violence when he loses.
wow that was a great debate firstly from a Brit donald held it well for the first 10-15 mins and then it was downhill admitting several things was disaster for him - the election result etc it was like whattttttttttt hillary really nailed him well quite a few times - this was her most impressive performance out of the three...
Fucking insanity that he's even a part of this election anymore.
Donald Trump is a whiny, dangerous, baby. Jesus Christ. "I'll keep you in suspense."
Paris Hilton grew her inherited wealth at 5 times the rate and 3 times faster than Donald Trump.
On the plus side, Trump hasn't released a sex tape. So lets just be thankful of that.
Are you sure about that? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
Hilton 2020!
This is something I can get behind!
Trump's repeated, campaign talking points and memorized names vs Clinton's plans, explanations, and experience. I get that people don't like Hillary, I'm one of them, but how is this even close anymore?
Congratulations to President Clinton. At least it's not Trump.
Peaceful transition of power has been taken for granted the past 150 years, and this will be the election that gives us all a scary reminder of what can happen
Not even close. If you want a *real* reminder of what can happen, take a look at a few other countries that have seen military coups, rigged elections, blatant and public corruption, etc etc.
Who's got the stamina Trump? She's still there talking to voters but you're gone sniffling in the car.
She looks really happy, too. The discussion seems to be that she nailed it and he doinked himself - yet again.
John Quincy Adams once wrote that the sins which the American nation has committed against the Native Americans will one day bring this nation into judgement. After watching this debate, I think it's finally happening.
So who do you guys think will run against Hillary from the Republican party in 2020?
Rick Perry. Rick Perry 2020. "You thought we were a fucking joke *before?*"
That guy on infowars.com
Kane from WWE.
John McCain, who else?
Senator Hugh Mungus
Debate, nice. CNN post talk, hilarious
how come?
"[NEWS BLOOPER: 2016 Presidential Debate, You cannot polish this TURD - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1NycQvGHc7I)"
"You can't polish this turd."
That fucking rant on Mosul blew my mind more than anything else this election The utter fucking stupidity and just basic lack of how military operations are conducted.
One common theme between all these debates, is that Clinton's game plan in the beginning is simply to find the thing that gets to Trump and pushes him off the rails. Every single debate we've seen Donald start off ok, get baited by Clinton, and then collapse. This time around it was when Clinton said that Trump 'choked' on Mexico.
Smart plan tbh. Shows how temperamental he is.
No fuse, just an explosion.
american is the leader of the free world,when a candidate doesnt trust the democratic process then he is not qualified for any office.
Good point
Good god that was effing insane. I have no words. Cudos Chris Wallace, I might not agree with you, but you asked the tough questions.
And tough on both candidates.
I don't even think Trump did that well this debate. I think Hillary pretty much eviscerated him.
>Hillary gets asked hard questions, doesn't answer a single one, and tries hard to pivot at every chance. >"Lel hillary won"
Yes... that's WHY Hillary will benefit more than Trump from this debate performance. You cannot be just offense. You have to play defense well too. When Hillary pivots, it's deft, timely, relevant and it flows. You don't even feel it. You feel like she addressed the question (when she didn't) and segued to something else. When Trump pivots it's like fingernails on a chalkboard, screeching the conversation to a halt and like a child whining they don't wanna play anymore. And Trump doesn't have to respond to half the things he does. Trump creates avenues of attack for Hillary that wouldn't even have existed otherwise. There's simply no benefit for him trying to paint himself as always having been against the Iraq War. But by trying to recreate the past, he's wide open for attack. Even WHEN attacked on this, he could just slide around it if he chose to do so. He certainly doesn't have to go nuts like he does. But he was and is easily baited. It was blatantly obvious when and how she chose to set the narrative, bait Trump and continue to maintain control. But he doesn't have to take the stinking bait. And he CERTAINLY screwed himself royally with some of his responses.
Yeah...wasnt good for orange skinned mutants across the country
He wasn't even wearing his orange paint today, so all his supporters wearing orange were stuck, looking at each other wondering "why are we all orange?"
Clear as day.
He eviscerated himself. Hillary was the one who called him a chicken and dared him to do it.
Cubs up 9-2! Edit: 10-2!
Boo. The curse on the Cubs is one of the best things left about baseball.
Agreeable but as a Giants fan I can't be having the Dodgers win
Boo
Bigly
I'm honestly worried there will be violence when Trump loses.
That's fucking stupid and you know it. The only violence has come from liberals attacking Trump supporters at rallies and more recently, even burning GOP offices in North Carolina. Go ahead and argue the merits of your candidate but spare us this holier than thou bullshit.
Well, I certainly hope you're right.
Don't be. If his deplorables are anything like him, they're mostly cowards. All talk, but when confronted, cower. Kinda like Trump did in Mexico when he tucked tail.
Be careful not to mistake respect of the law as cowardice.
Me too...
Yes. He's already firing up the alt-right and will encourage a Timothy McVeigh type bombing. We can't let this man win.
My Mom was telling me to make sure I have food in my apartment.
Van Jones is the best thing that happened to CNN this election season
Ana Navorro is pretty effin great as well
Don't have cable.. is there somewhere I can watch this online? or can someone at least tell me what this Van Jones guy is doing that's so great?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8peostu7zxs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2f8KEJinwAI
Jeff Lord & Kayleigh McEnany are stringing together barely coherent strings of words. Its like the offspring of Donald Trump and John Madden are talking politics and Van Jones is trying to bring civility and coherency to the discussion.
http://go.cnn.com/?stream=cnn&sr=watchHPbutton
Just as a reminder no matter how big of a victory you feel HRC is going to have on November 8 (or 28th for some voters) please get out and vote.
Is there any serious argument now that a vote for Trump is anything other than a vote for chaos? If you want to give up on America and throw your lot in with uncertainty, then by all means Trump is your guy. If you think that maybe our nation has faced and overcome greater challenges than the ones it's facing in 2016 and has the potential to do so for centuries to come, then vote your conscience.
Abortion. Really, really, really hating Hillary.
Legitimate belief that Hillary is a lizardperson alien. Trump is definitely not a shapeshifting alien. If he was, the hair wouldn't be an issue.
so...vote for camacho?
Hillary is Camacho. At least she still values intelligence and results over... I'm actually not sure what Trump values. I'm sure there's something, but it escapes me. Whiteness maybe?
This chaos is the natural result of modern media pretending to give equal weight to fact and fiction. If somebody is expressing an opinion based on bullshit facts, they should be called out on the bullshit facts before the opinion is even discussed. This is where television media has failed horribly, noting that print media has refused to endorse Trump to the extent that many papers broke with traditions going back generations and/or centuries.
Van Jones was touching up on this minutes after the debate but it's been suppressed since. I'd love to read up more on this theory. Any suggestions?
5 seconds on google. http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2016/09/clinton-trump-newspaper-endorsements http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/donald-trump-alma-mater-school-newspaper-endorsed-hillary-clinton_us_58073481e4b0dd54ce364d8a Feel free to do your own research, but I'm pretty sure that a newspaper, even a Republican one, endorsing Trump is a rare outlier.
My headline for this debate: Hillary Clinton has officially adopted the "Middle Out" strategy for economic growth; too bad Pled Piper didn't patent the term.
[deleted]
That's what Trump is hoping for! He's just jelly of all the action Bill got and pissed off Putin will stop paying for his underage companions.
I'm sure she got a jacket.
I couldn't stop imagining a bunch of guys in the office seriously discussing middle out for economic growth by trying to figure out how many bankers they could Jerk off as fast as possible.
As a disabled American who wants to go into a career in political reporting, it really irked me that Trump said he didn't mock a disabled reporter, when clearly he did, and there's video to prove it. Ugh, that was so ignorant of him. Hillary crushed him last night.
It is because you just look down on yourself when hearing what trump said. It is not mockery but a joke. U take it far more seriously.
What a strange reaction. You make a false distinction between mockery and a joke as if a joke can't have a mocking nature. "It was a joke" is nowhere, for nobody anything close to being a get out of jail free card - you can still be an asshole when making fun of the disabled. Which Trump was clearly doing. If you can't see that, then you lack basic human empathy. You should take that deadly seriously.
Trump claimed that the sixteen women who said that he sexually assaulted them were doing it for the fame, or else the Clinton campaign paid them off. He then proceeded to call Secretary Clinton a nasty woman. *He's* the nasty one here.
Trumps looked like he wanted to cry as his family came up. What an ass beating that was
He is delusional. He thought he did GREAT, HUGE
Trump's response to whether he will accept the election results is the most pathetic response I have ever seen. It will the moment that will represent his campaign and his involvement in presidential politics.
He's trying to play it both ways. If he wins, it's because he's an amazing outsider that won against the corrupt system, and if he loses, he only lost because the media/crooke Hilary is conspiring against him and he still got way further than anyone ever expected to, blah blah. He'll be a "winner" in his own mind regardless of the outcome.
Can we talk about how this fucking guy called us all stupid like 3 times. We're stupid you fucking mop top con? You can't even pronounce the names of these countries much less work out what going on in your head. Iraq, a sovereign nation in coalition with multiple nations and factions are taking their own city back, this has nothing to do with our election. I don't get how these are equal evils. She deleted emails to obscure shady speech money. This fucking guy can't even answer a question, how the fuck can he negotiate with world leaders?
Can we talk about how this fucking girl called us all stupid like 3 times? We're stupid you fucking pant suit mug? You can't even answer a question much less work out what is going on with your notecards. I don't get how these are equal evils. He said some mean things and got covered on CNN. This fucking girl can't even answer a question, how the fuck can she pivot talking points with world leaders?
She never once called anyone stupid. I don't get it. Nice joke?
He never once called anyone stupid. I don't get it. Nice joke?
Ah, someone got distracted doin' the repeater. Happens to the best of us.
maybe because people in her campaign have been recorded on video saying "we hire mentally ill people to do shit for us, incite violence at Trump rallies. It's going to be total anarchy." or "We bus people state to state to vote multiple times, illegally". Why did Hillary dodge the Wikileaks questions multiple times? More importantly, why is she blaming Russia - WHICH IS LITERALLY DRIVING US TO NUCLEAR WAR. Putin's administration literally said if Hillary becomes President, Nuclear War is inevitable. Julian Assange is Australian, other key WikiLeaks members are American. Nobody in WikiLeaks is remotely linked to Russia. Now who's the lesser evil? I'll let you decide.
Donald Trump was on record tonight in this very speech advocating for a nuclear arms race. Remember that part where he said they're making more nuclear warheads than us? How would you interpret that statement?
how would you interpret Hillary's No Fly Zone? And if other countries are making more nuclear weapons than us, that is extremely dangerous to us. what is your point?
There are more than enough nuclear weapons in the United States arsenal to wipe out the entire planet. The race for nuclear arms is over, making more in some kind of nuclear warhead piss contest makes no sense at all. A no fly zone in Syria doesn't mean nuclear war. That doesn't make any sense at all. I don't even agree with that no-fly zone. If you think Russia is going to end the fucking world as we know it over Syria, I don't know what to say. You don't give the Russians enough credit as humans.
he never called us stupid
Did you watch the same debate? Rewind to his rant about Mosul...
He was talking about 'political hacks' IIRC, but i'll take a look
Seriously, he thinks everything is about him. FBI, DOJ, the government, the media, billionaire from mexico, Iraq, Iran... they're all conspiring against him somehow
> She deleted emails to obscure shady speech money. Don't do this. What she did was wrong - hands down. She knows it, we know it. Comey flat out lied when he said no one, no matter what their background, would be charged with anything for what she did. I hold TS/SCI clearances from both the DOD and DOS. I spent most of a decade working in intelligence. Hell, I have literally written white papers for (then Secretary) Clinton. Products I made were used by her and her staff daily. I have absolutely no doubt in my mind that, if I had done what she did, I would have ended up in jail. Knowingly and willfully circumventing the controls in place for classified is not only negligent, it is criminal. However, I am also an adult and I understand that the Secretary of State and I are not on an equal playing field and we don't have the same rules. But let's not obfuscate the point - what she did was very, very wrong, and it wasn't to cover up a couple speeches.
Right, infer what severity you will on that entire situation. You can read up on it, I suggest everyone should. She violated clearances for sure and if she was in a lower position she could face jail time. Affluence and political clout mean a lot in this country but that doesn't even need to be said. You know it, we know it. What's i'm talking about is a man who is claiming that Iraqi army fighters and the men currently losing their lives are dying to get a woman elected in the United States. Like the world is some grand show. This is real life, those are real people fighting and they aren't doing it to prove their fucking loyalty to Hillary Rodham Clinton.
Oh yah no, he's incredibly stupid.
Or anyone living in Chicago or an urban metropolitan area? Apparently we're living in a dystopian shithole.
And you're all uneducated. Don't forget that bit.
Each debate, he's talked about how bad inner cities are. Like, sure, it's no Trump Tower, but my bodega has a Street Fighter 2 cabinet and sells nunchucks AND 40s of OE are only two bucks. Plus the taco truck down the street is registering voters. Things ain't so bad imo.
20 days away, then this will all be over
You mean 40... 40 days away, my fellow Trump supporters, and this will all be over...
But then non-concession hell will begin.
That was possibly a worse beating than she gave him in the first one. Definitely worse than the second.
It's not so much that she beat him, but that he continues to hang himself.
It was kind of a bull fight; she'd piss him off and let him stumble blindly away.
Well, Donald's sniff-to-word ratio was much lower this debate, so I suppose that's something of an improvement.
Probably the only thing he worked on in debate prep.
I think that was an overwhelming victory for Clinton, she performed even better than in the first debate.
Debate #3: Return of the: *leans into mic* "Wrong"
European here,can't wait for the SNL skit on the third debate.
I cannot wait for the next Baldwin bit on SNL!
This dude has zero impulse control.
His wealth has essentially enabled his behaviour his entire life. He's basically your rich uncle that hires young maids and talks about "the blacks".
Donald trump is held to the lowest standard
Soooo Hillary is gonna be president yeah?
Something extraordinary would have to happen for it to be otherwise.
Hillary just wiped the floor with Donald. wow
So Hillary went to speak to the audience immediately after the debate while Trump had a strange family meeting on the stage?
The loser of this debate is the Republican Party.
I think with this election, the American people are the biggest losers.
As soon as Hillary said Donald "choked", it was over.
Trump loves to highlight real issues in these debates and then never say what he's going to do about it. Healthcare. Horrible. National Debt. Horrible. ISIS. Destroyed.
I remember when the party of small-government "Constitutionalists" accepted the results of elections.
>Power-lust is a weed that grows only in the vacant lots of an abandoned mind. Ayn Rand
I don't feel that you can fairly equate power lust with an "abandoned mind." That sort of ignores any complex and intelligent people who have lusted for power, doesn't it?
"Such a nasty woman." Incredible.
http://imgur.com/a/CJnwT Poor Trump.... he had a good run...
Wait, is Trump the fruit fucking robot or the orange? Either way it's a Penny Arcade reference so I'll upvote...
Trump is the orange.
I figured, but Trump is also kinda molesty so I wasn't sure.
Yeah but he got metaphorically raped back tonight
Down in flames...all the way to his closing statement. I'm going to the store to get a Coke. I'll likely not be back because I'll be shot on the way...oh well, such is America. Edit: I made it back. It because of trumps debate win. The boogie man is scared home and abroad. Vote trump in December!
Please live. I need a guarantee that someone survives to the election with me.
Ixnay on the "hombre", Big Don.
"Mr Trump continues to deny-" *~wrooong~* Wut?
Trumps first complaint will be about having to do an exit speech.
Hillary's gonna win this election BIGLY!!!
I'm impatiently waiting for Trump to declare that he won all the polls for tonight's debate.
As usual Trump does well to begin with but eventually Clinton gets in that sharp jab and he just falls, hard.
He comes unraveled too easily. He literally cannot let any little jab go.
Calling your opponent a "nasty woman"... no floor for the Donald!
[Speaking of floor...](http://i.imgur.com/vpLMv7d.jpg)
To all those who predicted he would call her a bitch on the debates weren't all that wrong. "Nasty woman". Jeez.
"its funny, but its also really troubling" sums up the entire election
Man, Conway is a fucking hell of a trooper, I'll give her that.
The only good thing Trump has going for him. I'd hire her.
Some of these voters in the focus group are still undecided after the last debate...lmao.
They're idiots.
President Clinton the second.
CNN "A Disaster for Donald Trump."
Just LOOK at the New York Times front page. Trump is in serious trouble
[Here! Enjoy!!](http://www.nytimes.com/)
As soon as he answered as he did, it was immediate headline
They probably had a story prepared for it. As unpredictable as Trump likes to think he is when he's being obscene, he's awfully predictable.
Can't wait for the SNL skit of this. Those are the best things to come out of the Debates.
Sue Donald! Sue! It's ALL RIGGED!!! LOL!! It's about time she bitch slapped that slime.
That and South Park
Luntz has had it up to HERE with these undecideds. He literally just said "What else do you people WANT."
I want a fourth debate. This train wreck is far too entertaining (for all the wrong reasons) to end so soon.
Kick his Ass Gloria!
Ayyy she was about to snap
Climate change question, for the love of god, how is that not important enough to even mention?
Precisely..he put his right wing perspective for that..
CSPAN: some dude just started yelling about Bill Clinton and Infowars.
He was at CNN earlier
I knew we were gonna get some Channers calling in.
Van Jones: You can't polish this turd Anderson Cooper: technically you can't polish any turd
[Moose turd jewelry.](http://imgur.com/a/w1G2r)
[You can.](http://www.discovery.com/tv-shows/mythbusters/videos/polishing-a-turd-minimyth/)
We should start tweeting Anderson about this.
I kept waiting for one of them to say "Live from New York it's Saturday night!"
Same
No matter what people think about Trump *personally* he's still the GOP candidate. He's still going to slash taxes and revenue and services and pick sexist racist judges and people will still vote for him because they hate Democrats. It's going to be really close. And voter turn out is going to be complete shit.
Currently watching the Twitter stream and there's a retired general (Michael Flynn) back-peddling on every single question that the interviewers ask him. Literally, every time they ask him something, he doesn't have a direct answer and says something irrelevant. It's amazing to watch a Trump supporter do mental gymnastics live.
Van Jones is pissed.
Kellyanne Conway's response in the Spin Room was just another example of a pretty poor overall campaign performance tonight. She showed that even though she made one statement previously (As an official message on behalf the campaign), Trump has essentially gone and ignored his message without hesitation, and shows that his campaign message overall is messy and unorganised.
Anderson is like what the fuck is going on
So, Trump is kaput. Whatever he was doing tonight, he wasn't running for president. Not accepting outcome will be last nail in his coffin.
Oh my god who the hell is this person shrieking on CNN?
The Blond girl? I want to know as well.
I want air craft carriers in every river on the planet. We will utilize x-men in our battles. We will go super sayan 3 on isis. We will use Gundams against our enemies. I Donald j trump promise sailor moons pussy will be grabbed. Believe me
Why isn't Goku using his Spirit Bomb more? Why not just go right for the spirit bomb. We need to drop colonies on ISIS. We should have never let the Spacenoids even get a colony.
Think of spirit bomb as the nuke. Too destructive
CNN trying to get Van Jones and Jeff Lord to duke it out again lol
Good ratings = Money and thats all they care about
CNN right now trying to get 7 seasons and a movie out of Trump's one line of possibly not accepting the election.
Where's my girl Ana? She'd shut Kayleigh down flat.
I believe she's on her honeymoon.
"we focus on one line" If Hillary said Trump was a secret N----, I think that is the only thing we would be talking about.
Narcissist? It's not much of a secret...
I love when people say "You focus on one line!!"....well yeah, when you say something horrible, it stands out...
Can you please tell me what the "choked" line was about? I'm at work sorry
This one was about whether he would accept the results of the election. His response was something like "We will wait and see what they are. I'll keep you in suspense"
[deleted]
Its crazy that he deliberately says things like this, knowing the outrage it will cause. No attempt to at least pretend to quell the anger.
> knowing That's the problem right there. This was just Trump being Trump. Practically no self-awareness and definitely no thinking beyond the moment.
Even Jeffrey Lord knows he is trying to defend the indefensible. Kayleigh on the other hand is a true believer.
Kayleigh has crazy eyes tonight. She's stressed the fuck out, because she sees where this is going.
Lord doesn't think Trump gets flustered halfway through the debates. How the fuck...
All the reasonable Trump people aren't Trump people anymore.
Jeffrey Lord is humiliating himself right now.
lol yeah.
I'm the least violent person I know, and I really want to punch the smug look off this douche Jefferey Lord's face on CNN. It's like facts have no bearing on anyone's opinion.
I'm going to miss the debates. These ones and the primary ones.
There is always youtube.
Uhhh.... so about those ginormous jesus signs behind the CNN desk....
Why didn't the idiots who made those signs at least have a website on them or something?
LL COOL J lol
Jefferey Lord is insane
What are those asses in the crowd yelling on CNN?
People who want to get on TV
Probably something about Jesus. I'm glad I can't hear those idiots.
Yeah, they need to move then
Axelrod's sobriety is a nice contrast to Trump's surrogates on CNN.
I can see him calling his agent and saying, "tell CNN to pay me more"
Imlove Axelrod, you can just tell he's from Chicago. The accent, the mustache and hair, well what's left of it, so Chicago!
This whole accept the results issue for Trump could have been avoided by saying "I'm going to win the election so yes I'm going to accept the results and become the 45th President."
Yes! As shitty an answer it is, it would have been better.
These jesus people behind CNN. Holy shit
Every time I see someone that insistent about Jesus, I imagine them pronouncing it Jaeyzuss.
I'm really curious what that gofundme is about.
Anderson Cooper making sure to break into the arguing to tell us Hillary is climbing into the suburban under her own power.
Yup, it is a bit weird how Trump has not elaborated on TPP. That's one issue that many, if not most, Americans are against. Has Trump even prepared?
Actually, it seems like most Americans are [in favor](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2016/09/07/poll-most-americans-say-globalization-is-a-positive-and-free-trade-improves-their-lives/) of TPP.
Interesting, I didn't know that. I too think globalisation is inevitable. But the media has been pushing TPP = BAD for so long now
>Has Trump even prepared? Can he really though? He has nowhere near the experience in government as Clinton does. How much can he really cram for these debates? The best he can do is rehash old lines and keep his base intact. He lacks substance.
Ailes tried to help then they had a falling out, likely because Ailes got fed up with trying to get Trump to focus.
> Has Trump even prepared? This just in.... No.
McEneny aeriously looked like she was going to stab Van Jones when he started mentioning the 'bad hombres' thing.
I briefly switched from MSNBC to CNN...boy was that a mistake
It is like watching a bad trainwreck
I'm on my honeymoon in the Caribbean and my tv only gets CNN...this is painful.
Those 2 Trump supporters are moments away going "LAALLALALALA NOT LISTENING MAGA LALALALLAALA"
Bad hombres line causing firestorm. Only time Trump used Spanish.
Jeffrey Lord saying that "everyone says" bad hombres, because he heard it on 1950s tv shows.
Van Jones holy shit He is amazing
Wtf is wrong with this old guy on CNN????
did He just say 'the n word' to Van Jones?
I love how the guy is defending "bad hombre" because of 1950s movies
Van Jones about to go off on Jeffrey Lord.
lol who's is this guy on cnn? hombre is not like saying the N-word. People said this all the time in the 1950's. lmao okay dude
"I never hear people say bad hombre." "You don't know enough People." Ummm... what? Who the hell does that guy (or anyone else for that matter) know that actually says bad hombres? I'm not offended and I think it's funny but nobody just says that..
Jeff is ridiculously out of touch....
I can't believe they're defending the use of "Bad Hombres"
Jeffrey Lord is living in an alternate reality.
The basket has been in their own world for a while now.
Jeff Lord apparently can't get his brain around the fact that different people have different viewpoints
There are a lot of mental gymnastics that Jeffrey Lord and Kayleigh are jumping through.
New Trump team Spin: Blame Al Gore
"Jefferrrrraaaayyyy!!!!" - Cool drunk guy in the background
Please kick out the people in the back
It just hit me tonight that Trump is a perfect Exhibit A to explain the Electoral College's purpose.
Yeah this seems interesting I want to hear more
The Electoral College is part of what makes the US a representative democracy rather than a 'pure' democracy. The electors cast votes based on the popular vote results in that state. In all but a few cases, electoral votes are 'winner take all' rather than apportioned by percentage.
Gonna need an explanation on that.
The point of the Electoral College is to preserve the nation overall. As another poster mentioned below, it's meant to ensure that a completely unfit candidate won't be elected.
How does it prevent an unfit candidate from being elected?
Electors have the ability, in theory, to cast their votes against the popular vote.
So you're saying that Trump is the perfect example of why we need 'safeguards' against our democratic system?
The Founding Fathers, using reasoning I just made up, used the necessity of the Electoral Collage to vote for the president due to limitations of distance, communication, and the fact that the majority of the population was too uneducated to vote for the commander in chief.
? Trump is going to lose the popular vote
U know this is gonna be such an ego hurting loss for Trump. He's gonna be defeated by a WOMAN. Tht alone is gonna destroy him. On top of that all the shit he's accused of with various different women...like damn. It's gonna go down in the history books as one of the greatest defeats to the Republican party.
Conway just said Trump was holding her accountable for her thirty years in government. She wasn't an elected official or work for the government until 2001.
She is seriously quoting Rush Limbaugh?
people listen to Rush
Speaking of Lumbaugh, is he pro-Trump or one of the conservatives that sees Trump as a mockery of the party?
Pro-Trump
Not surprised at all. Thanks!
Only 6 points behind. Hahahahahahahahahahaha. That's not a tight race.
"Rush Limbaugh said". This will go well.
Lmfao RT (Russian Media) and Fox News polls. Pinnacle of legitimate there
Trump won his primary because there were too many candidates and he got the most, but he didn't run away with it.
He got more votes than any Republican in primary history?
give your brain a chance will ya?
Well the fact that he got a record number of Republican votes in the primaries, when the vast majority of the race was between 3 people kind of ruins your argument.
? he only got 45 percent of the delegates, DAWG
We are talking about the number of votes, delegates is irrelevent.
>[–]turbofarts1 5 points 24 minutes ago Trump won his primary because there were too many candidates and he got the most, but he didn't run away with it. no, I didn't say anything about the number of votes. thats something you are bringing up, but its not persuasive.
He basically insulted every voting American by saying "lets see if you're smart enough to vote for me, dummies"
Has Jeffrey Lord ever heard of a constitutional amendment?
Jeffrey sucks.
What are they not understanding about an automatic recount?
They understand. It's just inconvenient to their argument, so they pretend it was something different than it was.
Wait, is someone going to call Hannity???
CNN Poll 52 Clinton 39 Trump
There you go, Clinton crushed it
CNN-ORC Poll Clinton wins again. 3-0.
The CNN trainwreck has been great but Donna Brazile telling Megyn Kelly to go to Russia was also pretty good.
i saw that to, thought i head wrong
Welp! Glad I'm not an hombre. /s
Lucky you
CNN got rid of Kayleigh, but brought in Lewandowski. I think it’s time to do something else. Can’t deal with him right now...
Nobody cares about the Gore concession. Its just a stupid ass talking point.
wish @algore would just respond to that.
"This is not the same. #inventedinternet"
its not even relevant
No wonder Corey was fired from the Trump campaign. How he got hired by CNN, I don't understand.
In the interests of fairness/neutrality/bipartisanship it's fairly common for networks to employ individuals who voice opposing ideals/views than those perceived to be held by the network. Corey was one of the most visible Trump surrogates, so he's a good pick. Plus, if I were cynical, I'd say it's because he's crazy and argues like a 12 year old bully - they're giving the other side a platform and rope, and letting them hang themselves.
To play devils advocate
Did they get the drunks out behind CNN?
A whole new group showed up
Is "bad hombre" Spanish for deplorable?
I think you're onto something
The Trump fans shouting in the back of CNN panel are obviously doing so much to make their campaign look sane and flip undecided voters.
Axe is so sharp. What I would do to hear an Obama and him talk shop behind the scenes.
Lewandowski never ever answers a question.
Like his candidate
So pleasantly surprised with the moderation. Kudos
Clinton killed it. Trump is done. With his - - sniffling - talking bad about women, interrupting Clinton, calling her a "nasty woman" - really never answered a question - lied REPEATEDLY. Disabled reporter - he lied when he said he didn't do anything. - Clinton killed him with several opening salvo answers and the "He choked" in Mexico But the biggest of all was - * Trump REFUSING to say he will accept the election outcome, a democratic process. I mean.... wow... He wants to keep us in suspense. Wow... well, I don't like suspense because I can see the result and it is over. The suspense is he's either going to incite a mass riot (when clearly he's accusing Clinton falsely for it) or do something else? WTF
Trump killed it. Clinton is done. With her - fake grin - talking bad about, interrupting Trump, calling him names - really never answered a question - lied REPEATEDLY. emails, - Trump killed her with several opening salvo and the "she choked" in the State Dept. But the biggest of all was - - Clinton REFUSING to answer the questions as they were asked, continuously pivoting about the issues Americans wanted to know most about. I mean... wow... she wants to continue eight years of Obama? Wow... well, I don't like stagnation because I can see the result and it is over. WTF
You can blame the do nothing GOP congress for the stagnation.
Can I blame the do nothing DNP congress for the stagnation in Bush's presidency too?
The DNP never shut down the government or held the supreme court to ransom because they didn't win. Besides, bush got just about everything he wanted. If you opposed him, you were publicly attacked and shamed as being with the terrorists.
> The DNP never shut down the government Carter, 1977, 78, and 79, government funding halted by Democrat house and senate. Reagan, 1987, shut down by Democrat house and senate. HW Bush, 1990, shut down by Democrat house and senate. And the famous shutdown in 2013 was in part shut down by Senate-majority Democrats who refused compromises.
And my point about the SC? Do you by have a response to that? Also, it's not compromise when only one side gets everything. If I want to burn your house down, would you be ok compromising with me so I only burn half your house down?
Because your remark about the Supreme Court does not warrant a response, much like your grossly inaccurate Bush remark. Neither does your hyperbolic "metaphor" about burning houses down. The Congress has a duty in the Supreme Court nomination process. They have advised to wait until the next president to make a decision, and did not consent to Merrick Garland's appointment. They are not obligated to confirm whomever they put up to the Supreme Court. If you don't like that, you have the power to check Congress by voting for representatives that will represent your will. If the President doesn't like that, he has the power to check Congress by threatening veto on bills they want passed. This is how our democracy works. If you are referencing McCain's recent remarks... 24/34 Republican senate seats are up for re-election this term. Vote in Democrats and Clinton if you don't like his rhetoric or the denial of liberal justices under a theoretical Clinton presidency. I'll vote in Trump and Republicans, and come November, we'll find out which viewpoint holds the majority.
Haha.. but you don't see the result because.... Donald will keep you in suspense.
You sound just like the NBC stream I was just watching.
Haha.. I guess people have similar reactions. I watched another channel
he saved the best to last...
You forgo the blatantly tacky "WONGGGGG"
> really never answered a question Did anyone ever expect him to? It is sad what this election has come down to.
Hillary wore her white pantsuit, which gave her +1 protection against evil.
Meanwhile Trump was rolling 1s.
My post history might not show it but I actually think Trump did better than the consensus showed in the last 2 debates. In this one he got absolutely slaughtered. Hillary came with energy, countered all his points and let him bury himself in his ignorance. Dunno how anyone except Trumplets can say this was anything but a beatdown.
Yea Hillary did wonderfully especially comparing her history with his. I really was expecting trump to bombard her regarding all the email leaks. Really disappointed he didn't. Either way I'm still pro trump. While trump may be a lunatic he still has the courts and the senate to stop him. Hillary has been making friends both inside and out for 30 plus years.
I think they both did equally as bad in the last 2. This one ...it was way too obvious from the beginning
Clinton was feisty tonight and it was great to see her throw some punches after holding back somewhat in the first 2 debates. She called him out on some BS and he was clearly getting more and more worked up about it.
Denial is a very long river my friend.
If they didn't take your damn guns when a bunch of little kids got mowed down at school, they will never take your Fucking guns.
She just killed Trump on live TV. #LOCKHERUP
I hope \#ImWithNastyWoman will soon be trending on Twitter
Obama wasn't a legitimate President since he was born in Kenya. Hillary won't be a legitimate President since she's a nasty woman and rigged the election. Makes sense I guess if you are a 70 year old guy with the maturity and intelligence of a 17 year old.
17? seems generous
17 year old is giving him a lot of credit
[Trump says he never met Putin — here's footage of when he said the opposite](http://www.businessinsider.com/donald-trump-vladimir-putin-footage-russia-relationship-us-2016-8)
So many lies that the debate doesn't have enough time to mention them.
Much like all the lies and doublespeak in Hillary's emails. :\^)
I thought he said he just didn't know the man?
He lies about everything. Like he literally didn't even need to lie about a relationship with Putin, it does nothing for him. It's the same with his letter from the NFL or even his support of the Iraq war as he was a private citizen. And yet... he does it.
Trump keeps saying 1% GDP as opposed to 1% GDP growth. As a potential candidate he must know atleast the terminology related to GDP better. I mean that is the minimum level of knowledg. How can a presidential candidate be so ignorant about simple terminology despite him being a businessman
Trump skips words a lot. See also his references to "cyber", among others.
It'll be bigly, that's good enough ^/s
That kept bugging the hell out of me too. It's like some adviser told him "GDP growth is 1%" but he has no idea what GDP is so he couldn't even remember it right.
This happened in the second debate too! It's very ignorant
This debate was summed up in two sentences for me. "Shoulda won it." "Such a nasty woman."
I will not concede.
Not accepting the results was the worst for me
Actually only one statement matters, "I will look at it when the time comes."
"Nasty woman" is going to be played all over the place tomorrow.
People need to stop with this "both of these candidates are terrible" concept. You may not think Clinton is a great candidate but at this point it's very evident that one of the candidates is much much worse than the other and will be much more detrimental to the country.
Donald is the definition of a bully. If my daughter ever said remarks about people like he's made, I'd be absolutely apalled.
Yeah, Clinton would start a war with Russia that would go Nuclear, she is obviously more volatile than Trump could ever be. Actions speak loader than words, and Hillarys actions were treasonous.
It's not even that. Sure, Clinton is by far the worst viable Presidential candidate in the field. But Trump doesn't even make it into that category. There's no "lesser of two evils" here; there's a pretty shitty person who can handle the Presidency, the Republic, and Democracy, and there's someone who can't. It's like if the future of your country depended on how far you can ride across the desert, and your two options are a flea-bitten old mule or a cane toad. They're not in the same fucking category of usefulness.
Clinton is going to win in 2016 and lose in 2020. The economy is going to do poorly these next four years (regardless of president), combined with Hillary's warhawk policies is going to leave America wanting a change. My biggest fear is that the pendulum that got Trump this far will be even further along its path and we will get an even more crazy candidate in 2020.
They're still both dog meat. I'm ashamed and angry at both the dems and the repubs that this is the best they could do. Pretty much anyone could easily beat these two, except for these two
Still laughing at these idiots screaming in the background of CNN. "Lock her up!" "Build the wall" Maybe if they spent more time making phone calls and knocking on doors, and keeping their idiot candidate from sticking his foot in his mouth, they might get to do both of those things.
That's called enthusiasm for a candidate. Something the Clintons said haven't known about since 1996.
I actually had to check your post history because your comment was so stupid it had to be sarcastic. No. You're actually this delusional. Have fun losing in 3 weeks. And start saving up for your monthly subscription to TrumpTV.
Bless your heart.
And may Allah bless you too ;)
I think the original point being made is that if you are really so pro Trump, calling phones and knocking on doors to encourage people to vote for your candidate is more effective than holding a sign with a catchphrase behind a reporter.
And we do all that. It just isn't discussed because it is boring information. It is more exciting to be part of a group trying to end systemic corruption in the greatest superpower in human history while destroying both parties' influence.
No you don't all do that. If the people who held up signs on TV and made the most noise volunteered, Trump's ground game wouldn't be nonexistent and the offices wouldn't be ghost towns http://www.pbs.org/newshour/updates/trump-campaign-has-ground-game-problem/ http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/trump-clinton-field-offices/ http://www.newsmax.com/Headline/Trump-Campaign-Offices-Empty-Ohio/2016/10/17/id/753785/ https://medium.com/@scottshapiro34/i-went-undercover-into-the-trump-campaign-and-couldnt-believe-what-i-found-5472a2f30b47#.eu951f18i
I think you misunderstood. We don't use campaign offices. Mine sits empty in my town unless I or someone else wanna go in for a few. We have our numbers and times available if someone needs a sign, and maintain the facebook page. Everything is coordinated online. It works out in our favor that Trump is so widely known already that we merely need to discuss his policy positions as need arises and maintain the county GOP headquarters for down ticket candidates. It doesn't take all kinds of money to run the campaign.
Ok so you work from home then? Unconventional but I could see how it would work, except I assume most people are inexperienced at working for a political campaign and it would be difficult to start off on your own with no background. I guess it would be unlikely that you share your offices' FB page with me, can you share an office that operates similarly to yours? I just feel like the way Trump is running his business is awful if this is the way you describe it. Say I'm a local retired guy and I feel like Trump needs my support, so I give the field office a call(not everyone goes right to Facebook) and I get a voice mail response with some instructions to call other people, whatever. I figure since I live near the field office I'll just stop by... it's empty and the lights are off. At this point, the base of operations for the candidate I like is virtually unmanned and deserted. If this is a reflection of the local support of my candidate, why bother voting? >It doesn't take all kinds of money to run the campaign. Scheduling volunteers to be on location from 9-5 at the field offices in a swing state weeks before the election is a relatively inexpensive thing, even if you were to have a few paid people to keep things running smoothly... You guys are already paying rent whether or not people are there, how is just treating the office like a hangout spot saving the campaign any money? One could argue that opportunity costs are killing you guys by not being in the office.
It's hard to get enthusiastic when the election was never close.
We're laughing because of how stupid they are.
If the opposite of being "meh" about clinton is being rabidly in favor of instituting the American Reich, I'm sort of ok with "meh".
Edit: editing to remove what may have come off as a veiled threat. Not my intention.
http://i.imgur.com/AJDI47D.gifv
He's a multi-billionaire tax dodger who has ZERO interest in their welfare. They're deluded.
You're deluded if you think those chants won't translate to votes. Clinton is the epitome of everything wrong with modern America. She's a war pig who wants to start a war with Russia because war is profitable for her marionettes. She's against regular citizens owning guns, but wants to arm the third world. How is that not on the news every night?
How can anyone think that Trump won this debate, I don't get it? He doesn't seem to know what he's talking about!
Go to the YouTube comments of the debate and you'll see their mindset
You mean the same group that believe a Joey Salads video is real and not fake?
> Go to the YouTube comments That never ends well.
...I don't wanna :(
You can't make us!!!!
shhhh... don't burst their bubbles. if trump thinks he won.. let him think that. let trump be trump and let trumpets be trumpets.
I didn't watch it live last night as I was at work till midnight, so I'm watching it right now. I'm not even half way through it and I'm laughing my ass off at some of the ridiculous things he is saying! It feels almost like this is one big joke that this imbecile is running for presidency! 
lmk when you get to the abortion part. my little brother was aborted on the last day of the 9 month of my mother's pregnancy. i can relate to what trump is saying. it was horrible for my mother. it left a giant scar. as for the abortion baby, he kept pulling my hair as when i was a kid. and now at 23 years old, the abortion baby keeps asking me for money. it's horrible. abortion is horrible.
I shouldn't have read this while sipping my coffee. I laughed so hard there was almost a coffee covered keyboard.
Thanks for this. :-) A "nine-month abortion" is called a C-Section. If you kill the baby born by C-Section, it's infanticide. It's not legal.
This was Hillary's best debate, by far. She came ready to play and she was strong across the board. Trump is done.
Say it with me now, President Hillary Clinton. She went for the kill tonight. She nailed the last question. And the only thing people will talk about with regards to Trump is that he won't accept the results of the election. He needed a massive win today and he got creamed.
They both dodged the entitlement question hard. I would say Clinton did win though.
yep. his abortion answers were bad. really really bad
Hillary goes out and talks to the crowd after the debate, and Trump stands on stage and waits for his family to surround him.
His best yes men.
I speak for myself and I surely would not vote for a racist and sexist who said "such a nasty woman" when the nation is watching.
> when the nation is watching. Even if you are a sexist... this guy is angling to be head of state.
My opinion: Trump avoided complete meltdown but was his usual dickish, blustering, ignorant self - especially in the last 30 minutes. The important thing is he absolutely 100% failed to bring any new voters over to his side. Hillary was very sharp all night, very knowledgeable and poised. She avoided serious missteps while levelling a couple of very good rebuttals. She also looked great in a very cleverly cut ivory suit. In conclusion I give Hillary Clinton the clear win. I also give Chris Wallace props for good questions and strictness with audience feedback. Pleasantly surprised with him. Major headlines tomorrow will be how Donald Trump refused to say he'd concede the election gracefully. Also "such a nasty woman." Barring other breaking headlines, these topics will dominate the cycle through the weekend.
Regarding Wallace, I feel like he focused a little too much on personal issues. I'm not denying this stuff needs to be addressed by the media but the debate should be more about governance IMO.
"Nobody has more respect for women than I do" ~Donald Trump "Grab 'em by the pussy." ~Donald Trump Sunnin' ain't right.
New one for you.. "Such a nasty woman"
Trump is already in his car and Hillary is still meeting and greeting...
How do you not say you will accept the results of the election? That's as much of a political lay-up as it gets, dear God.
Because Trump is a fucking idiot.
Did anyone else get a flashback to this scene in West Wing when Trump said "Mosul, so sad". https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CtU6tU2UEAAp-jt.jpg
He mocks everybody so it's cool.
He was mocking those two people but not the one person with the same gestures. Not sure how that works I'm so confused.
That's was literally the defense.
literally
Van Jones spitting the truth. West democracy has hit it's maturation.
Trump is an 80s movie KGB sleeper agent, someone get Gene Hackman
Jeffery's career is ending on live tv.
Highly doubtful... you're glued to it.
Probably will get a early afternoon time slot on Trump TV
I want Megyn Kelly vs Kayleigh McEnany. Interpret that as you want.
mudwrasslin?
Upvoting because of Kayleigh's top
Jeffery Lord is a piece of shit. Go straight to hell.
He sounds like the one annoying student in class who didn't actually read the homework assignment...
Jeffery Lord is a complete fucking idiot. Al Gore accepted the results of the race before the recount. Jesus Christ. Jeff gonna lose his job
Focus group of undecideds is such a oxy moron.
/r/showerthoughts
This lady is your avg trump voter.
Cuban just rekt the fox news narrative!
What did he say?
Basically said thay Trump isnt running to be o President, he is running to make money for himself and brietbart in a new venture.
He's dead on right.
I don't know if anyone else in this thread has said this, but I'm calling this for Sat night's SNL. There obviously woll be a debate skit. At some point Trump will yell "You're the puppet!" and they will cut to an actual Trump puppet that Hillary is controlling.
I think they will just use Trump's transcript verbatim
I bet they just go for straight quotes. Why not? They were ridiculous enough
I was thinking there will be a shirt-less man behind the curtain on a horse, and they reveal his face to be Putin.
Joe Biden on Jimmy Kimmel: "I've never seen anybody who knew as few facts.... That's not a joke!"
Trump fails all reality checks
He could have just taken ten on some of those checks, but no he had to roll each time, and he only has a 4d with him.
[deleted]
They generally campaigned on continuing the same policies, so it seems fair.
>democrat party FFS it's the Democratic Party. This bullshit re-branding BY the republicans has been going on since 2004 and apparently I'm the only who notices.
At the end of the debate he was supposed to be explaining to people why he would make a better president than Hillary. The final part of his answer was, "she would be four more years of Obama." This doesn't answer the question posed, and it's also a huge gift to Clinton given Obama is going out on top with his highest-ever approval rating.
The obnoxious trump supporters on cnn are getting destroyed lol
I wonder how much they got paid to come on and get destroyed
Actually they have 2 trump supporters and 2 hillary supporters, I doubt they're paid. It just so happens though the trump supporters have a much more difficult job trying to defend an orange shitclown.
Yeah, because this is beyond what anyone can try to spin anymore. That was absolute INSANITY.
If the media is biased, why hasn't there been any mention tonight about the fact that Trump is accused of raping a 13 year-old? http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-elections/donald-trump-rape-sexual-assault-claims-court-republican-party-us-presidential-florida-a7360636.html
So they have to take all accusations towards Trump seriously to be considered biased? Interesting.
You would think if the media were biased against Trump, they would report on the fact that a civil suit has been filed alleging that Trump raped a 13 year-old.
So convenient that all of these allegations came up a month before the election..
She originally filed her suit in April 2016, and it was dismissed for technical errors in the filings. She refiled recently with a new attorney.
Pointing out he uses Chinese Steel is actually pretty huge. They've been sitting on that one for a while. It's how they play this "game". Hold onto information until weeks before the election so it hasn't slipped anyone's mind by voting day. It's pretty bad.
I'm really surprised this has never been mentioned at all. Anything remotely bad about Hillary (or her workers or friends) comes up though.
My guess? The Clinton campaign is avoiding it because they're trying to present themselves as "higher" than that kind of thing. Media though, I can't really guess. I feel like they're just sort of overwhelmed
Maybe they are saving it for the last week.
Hillary is a former prosecutor, she knows innocent until proven guilty.
She's a former attorney, but she was never a prosecutor. She was an appointed defense attorney for the indigent, and also chaired the Legal Services society which ensures representation for the poor.
She's also a politician and knows that discrediting your opponent doesn't require a trial She *could* use that line. But her campaign has been ignoring a lot of things it "could" use in favor of presenting themselves as "serious" as opposed to Trump's innuendo and sleaze. "They go low, we go high" and all that shit. That's their strategy. And it seems to be working.
Wallace let trump get away with a lot of shit
[deleted]
We call that an election. Sore loserism doesn't help democracy. Run a better or at very least qualified candidate next time.
Wallace went in with pretty simple structure it seemed: namely he largely let the candidates have as much rope as they wanted to hang themselves. The decision to do informal closing statements was the ultimate expression of that. Trump seemed to act like being able to roll over the mod made him 'win' but because of Wallace's calm demeanor it made him look like more of a bully. Clinton caught on to it early and largely let Trump tantrum. He did her job for her yet again.
I pretty sure at some point Trump started to debate Wallace for a while instead of Clinton.
[deleted]
Wallace did roast him very hard, especially on the point of whether Trump would or would not accept the result of the voters, that part it was Wallace that get him to say the "suspense" thing.
To be fair, that's only because Hillary went off-topic the once. So he forced her back on course in 1/1 situations. Whereas Trump veered off-topic in most of his answers, and Wallace only brought him back for maybe half of the questions. At least he tried. Trump is simply incapable of answering a question straight, one of the many reasons he shouldn't be and is very unlikely to be president.
That's because Trump's statements are largely empty of meaning. You ask him to explain and there is no substance. He just repeats himself.
It's when Chris straight up told him he was wrong about Aleppo. And instead of acknowledgement he got bullshit
Moderator was unbelievably good !
he had very little control in last 30 minutes
That's true ! Both the candidates were going out of control supported the crazy crowd
"Trump has never apologized for anything" Quote of the debate right here.
Except for the fact that he apologized just a few weeks ago.
After he was very harshly criticized only a few days before at the VP debate. A sincere apology or a tactful way to make people shut up?
That's an argument over semantics. It is factually inaccurate that he has never apologized ever because he released a video of him apologizing just a few weeks ago.
So he apologized once. Cool.
You may think that, but the quote you're going to see everywhere will be "such a nasty woman." Shock over substance.
I loved when Clinton dropped in with that "Chinese Steel" interruption. Trump has been absolutely obliterated.
She could have, and should have, hit him much harder. Everything Trump sells, with the exception of the steaks, every other product is made in China or Mexico and he talks about sending jobs overseas.
I thought it was super awkward and seemingly pre-rehearsed. To each his own.
[deleted]
Kerry didn't concede either. That wasn't some declaration of revolt, he said let's see the results. If it's razor thin like before, or there's any more evidence uncovered of tampering with vote precedings I think it would be right to take that to the Supreme Court again instead of Trump outright conceding.
The will of the voters be damned.
I don't care if Trump accepts the results or not. He's delusional. Honestly, if he calls for his supporters to act out when he loses he should be arrested for inciting riots.
I think we can all agree that President Clinton won this debate.
CNN IS A MESS YIKES... White people telling PoC what they should and shouldn't be offended by and citing movies from 1950's...
49% think trump would fill the Scotus better... are you fucking kidding me...
The abortion question thats why and he did well on the abortion question.
when he lied and claimed c sections as a form of abortion?
He pulled it off because it is more of an emotional topic than a logical one. It brings out heated feelings period and he really dug in on those graphics of a late term abortion. People eat that stuff when they are against it or are against late term abortions only.
When people think of Scotus its usually the 2nd amendment. NRA is pumping out ads tlaking about how Clinton is going to take your guns away.
2nd amendment and SCALIA!
Abortion and Guns are still 50/50. Which is good as just a few years ago, they were more like 70/30. The trend is heading towards Pro-~~Life~~Choice/Gun Restrictions - which is why this election matters a lot because 2-3 SCOTUS seats are on the line. Edit: Was thinking I was going to say "Going away from...", but got confused. Fixed.
How are you guys going towards pro-life? God damn someone import some fucking liberals.
Sorry, meant to say pro-choice. Fixed.
*phew*
That's why go the fuck out and vote people.
Story of the debate: Clinton just showed america what a boss ass bitch she is. In response, trump essentially called her a bitch.
That was so much fun to watch. He took the bait every goddamn time.
I couldn't say it better myself.
hes such a whiny baby.
gg no re
2ez
Dear Americans, as a Brit who is completely gripped by your election, please make the right choice next month! There surely has never been a candidate as unfit as Donald Trump to run for the office of POTUS. He's shocking, I can't get my head around how a man of his calibre could even make is this far. Makes for great drama though!
As an American I never quite understood the amount of hate the rest of the world has for us until I realized the number of people that support Donald Trump. I hope I speak for all Americans when I say I am sorry, and that we're not all like this.
I couldn't get my head around Brexit, but here we are.
It's okay, most of us here in Britain are still trying to figure out what the fucks going on with Brexit and where it's going next ourselves.
I still haven't.
Me neither. It seems like politics has gone topsy-turvy both sides of the pond. Here's a difficult choice for you: Clinton and Brexit, or Trump and Bremain?
Oh dear haha, not the best of choices, but for the sake of national interest/my future job prospects I'll VERY reluctantly take Trump and Bremain.
TYT (who aren't the biggest fans of Clinton to put it mildly) thought she dominated this debate.
They said that about the last two debates as well. They're not huge fans but they don't *hate* her like the nutjobs on the right do. They would just prefer someone more liberal.
Their general consensus was that Trump won the second debate. Though they didn't think it would do much to help his tanking polls, so it was a loss in the sense that it wouldn't be enough to change his overall trajectory.
I think Cenk thought Clinton didn't do as well in the second debate, but yeah I think they've said she's won all three.
Im a democrat and I didn't think Clinton did well the 2nd debate either. It could've been way better. Trump did worse though.
I don't watch them, but some people aren't really fans of TYT for some reason. I always see them getting shit on
They are quite left leaning ao it is best if they are not your only source of information, whats more when they aren't talking about politics they are quite clickbaity.
People are mad that a media organization DARE to be progressive. If you're left leaning they're awesome, they do live coverage of debates and it makes them much more enjoyable to watch
They're are good, at times, but Cenk really needs to reign his ego in a little. It ain't all about you, pal.
Many on the left don't like TYT. Their support of BLM is the biggest issue most people have I think. That and cenk is obnoxious as it gets.
Many people on the left DO support BLM though, and quite strongly
I don't know that I support BLM per se, but I support many of the things they say they support. I think there are quite a few on the left who feel similarly.
I think it's funny how some views get tied together that aren't really related. Like knowing if someone is for affirmative action shouldn't really tell me if they are pro choice, but it does. I think race in America is so tense that people on the left won't touch it if they disagree with BLMs narrative. Its not just the right thats getting anti intellectual anymore.
No, the problem is that BLM has a leadership problem that's done horribly for its PR, but the basic premise of dealing with police brutality stands. We also get that just because one group says they are being unfairly targeted that it doesn't mean they think they are the only ones or that this is some kind of pain olympics where everyone has to one up each other to gain credibility for their grievances.
The big issue with BLM is that they are fighting an issue that is not about race (police brutality) and not fighting racism in the courts, segregated schools, and issues in black culture like single motherhood and gang culture. When you look at the facts from any angle it just seems like they are a focused on police violence because of emotional viewings of online videos instead of tackling real issues.
Of fucking course she did. The dude admitted he doesn't pay federal taxes on the debate stage. He insulted Hispanics. He insulted women at various points in the debate. He had that hilarious "NO U!" moment about being a Russian puppet.. and he went on about not accepting the results of the election. How in the fuck can someone defend that performance?
I think because he was temperamentally fairly poised (grading on the Trump curve). I'm still shocked they chose this debate to go reasonable. He's lost it weeks ago, and this was the time for a hail mary, not practiced and controlled. So weird, really, and makes you wonder if debate 2 was a bigger disaster than we thought at the time. Maybe that was supposed to a controlled and poised debate as well, and Trump just couldn't stop his pacing, anger, bullying and looming?>....idk. What I do know is that Trump still got killed when he tried to be a more traditional candidate. HIllary is really quite good in such a format.
Dude, it only started reasonable. It lasted awhile, but he let things get under his skin pretty early on and then said she's an awful woman in a kind of bitter, interrupting way.
He also said he's for free trade, which wildly contradicts everything he's said during his campaign.
He has said he's for or against MANY things, and then later come out and said the opposite. I believe at one point he was a pro-choice democrat who said hillary was a good senator.
It's pretty clear that outside of his opinion of himself he doesn't really hold any deep views - even his bigotry is all rooted in selfishness.
when hillary clinton is a better human being, you know you're a pretty horrible person.
He's for free trade, but only if you're a white American billionaire.
Well, you certainly can't trust it to those political hacks.
Clearly you haven't see Trump's manager after the debate
Well, she walked out after the "Not accepting the results" question.
Trump was destroyed. It was awkward watching how utterly clueless he is.
That's true if you believe in context and facts. Trump used complete sentences and didn't literally stalk hillary. That alone was a better showing than the two prior debates.
One thing that I noticed is that Trump is focusing so much on negatives. X is a disaster. Y doesn't work. Z is why America is like that. I'm not American myself, but really, give the people some faith.
*Wrong.*
Yeah that's a bad way to campaign. People were supposed to have learned that in 1980, when Jimmy Carter talked about "malaise" and "crisis of confidence", while Ronald Reagan talked about a "shining city on a hill".
I think it's what his campaign aligns with - he's trying to push the whole "politicians are the problem, I'm not a politician" line, and for it to work he *needs* everyone to think it's all broken. The issue is that the US is coming out of a global financial crisis, and things are starting to improve - it's very hard to sell people a falling sky when the sun is beginning to shine. And so he has to resort to increasingly hysterical hyperbole to sell the myth - ISIS are winning (when the assault on the final suburban ISIS stronghold is beginning), immigrants are killing everyone (When their crime rate is lower than the "background" US rate) "we have to build a wall" (is mexico even on the radar anymore?).
There is this great political cartoon: http://static.boredpanda.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/hillary-clinton-vs-donald-trump-cartoon-joe-heller-1.jpg It shows why I have an issue with Trump. Ya, there's totally a lot wrong with America. That's why I liked Bernie so much, he fought for progress. But Bernie also had faith in the American people, and didn't just fear monger along the lines of "things are bad, only I can stop the bad, and if you don't elect me the bad will get worse". Honestly I think Trump could actually make his MAGA points more inspiring... right now they are just saddening. And if I am sad, I am less likely to vote.
Thanks for sharing that....incredible.
Haha very clever cartoon
Fuck, Poe's Law Example #123123781837. Not sure if you are serious or not. It's fairly blunt in it's analysis, but it helps explain why Trump feels negative even when he is talking about what his positive future is.
I just thought it was clever that you could read the text backward and forward :)
Chris Wallace was absolutely great tonight. For the most part he kept them in line.
I thought he was pretty terrible. His questions were way too long and editorialized.
Donald Trump resembled every Grandpa at Thanksgiving yelling about politics after his third plate.
Patton is spinning in his grave!
Don't forget the five jack and cokes.
To me Hillary kicked ass. She laid on Trump well enough without looking petty. Trump seemed like a jackass as always. Trump just sealed his extravagent loss with "what a nasty woman" Fuck you Trump burn in hell with all your followers. Overall it was a good debate. Hillary did really well, the moderator was on fucking point. I was *really* expecting a hatchet job from a Fox news guy, but he was very direct and took Trump and Clinton to task. Trump was better for the first 30 minutes, but then lost it so bad towards the end. Why the fuck would he say "that nasty woman" jesus I hope people see that for what it is. He came across mad and deranged.
You want me to burn in hell? :( But my mom tells me I'm a nice guy!
What would prove this election is rigged? If Donald Trump wins. His answer to the question of accepting the results of the election is enough to disqualify him all by itself. He is NOT an American.
"Such a nasty woman." Donald, you really shouldn't talk about your future president like that.
Lucky for him she wouldn't throw him in jail.
"Nobody has more respect for women"...."what a nasty woman"
My mother even gasped at that..
Trump doesn't respect elections and likes Putin and Assad. So a good choice for Americans if they are getting bored with democracy.
He literally bashed Putin and Assad during the debate...
When did he bash Putin? From what I saw, the worst thing he said about Putin was "he's not my friend," while complimenting him for "outsmarting Hillary and Obama at every turn."
He also said he has absolutely no relations to Putin. Honestly mentioning that Putin outsmarted Hillary and Obama is not a compliment to Putin. It is a detriment on Hillary/Obama. That's all it is really. I don't see the mindset of "if you think we shit the bed against our enemies, then that means that you love our enemies" No, he just thinks that you did a terrible job. Like what's so hard to understand?
I never said I think Trump loves our enemies. I think, firstly, that saying Putin outsmarted Hillary and Obama can be a compliment to Putin, a criticism of Hillary and Obama, or both, depending only on perspective. Nothing objectively right or wrong about any of those positions. How, though, is saying he has absolutely no relation to Putin bashing Putin? That's a statement of neutrality.
Yet again, I don't find it fair to criticize Trump for criticizing Hillary/Obama. That would be like if you had Bob, Jim, and a "bad guy" Jack. Bob fights Jack. Bob fails badly. Jim tells everyone that Bob is an idiot and failed at taking out the enemy, Jack. Would it make any sense to correlate Jim to being friends with Jack? Not at all. But people are making those connections based on very similar situations right now with Trump. And you are correct, him saying he has no relation to Putin isn't bashing Putin. However, I remember clearly that Pence attacked Putin, and I do not recall exactly what Trump has said on Putin in previous debates.
No. Hes a lunatic who will stomp his feet like a spoiled child when he loses.
Interesting how you are so sure he is gonna lose. Also interesting how you are so certain that the election certainly won't be rigged, even with all of the shady shit going on with the Clinton campaign, DNC, and the Veritas videos.
I am pretty certain. Look at the polls. Look at what he says. He's alienated everyone but white males. The religious right won't support him like the did other republicans. Women won't support him for obvious reasons. And the youth will mostly listen to Bernie and vote for her. All the "shady shit" is mere politics blown out of proportion and much has nothing to do with her. Trump however gives us gifts every time that sociopath talks. I cannot wait to see him lose. It's going to be so sweet. Too bad I will be in Bora Bora or I would go to his headquarters and laugh in his psychotic face when he must concede. Oh wait he just said he may not even do that...that shows how much respect he has for democracy. Your name is "Can't stump trump" that's hilarious because just about every question stumps him he just goes back to insults and makes shit up. People say this, people say that, I'm the greatest ever, I will do this or that. He knows nothing of world politics and is laughed at abroad. I've traveled to 41 countries and EVERYONE hates that imbecile.
Yes, look at the polls that are largely conducted by the media and with a massive overrepresentation of certain statistics that favor Clinton. The religious right, while they may disagree with Trump on many issues, will almost never support Clinton. It's funny that the "mere politics" has been going on for years before Clinton has even ran. Take Clinton Cash for example. It was released months before Clinton even decided to run for office, and was in the making for months (if not years) before. It's also funny that video evidence of people talking about the shady shit that I was mentioned is also, apparently, a flat out lie. Apparently the guy making the video got Scott Foval and Bob Creamer lookalikes to fake the whole thing. It's also why both of them no longer work for their respective groups. Very hypocritical of you to say all of the Hillary Clinton stuff is "mere politics" (despite evidence that proves otherwise), but all of the Trump conspiracies (without evidence) are "completely reasonable." Then you go on a huge hate rant. It's honestly sad. I guess you people gave up on the whole "tolerance and love for all, even those I disagree with" mentality and are nothing more than machines of hate. I guess it must be pretty record correcting to have a Trump supporter subhuman scum like myself to be more reasonable and less hateful than a Clinton supporter. And yes, my username is a fucking meme. Congratulations on figuring that out.
I cannot wait to see that lunatic concede the election to President Elect Clinton. It will be a great moment in our countries democracy. Hopefully the Republican party will get its act together and realize the monster that they created is killing them. Evangelicals will not support Trump like they do other GOP candidates. We all know that. They most likely wont vote at all because they despise who Trump is and dislike Clintons politics. But thats just as good as a vote for Clinton. Women....LOL. Yea He's lost just about all of them. He will have only a fraction. Youth will vote for Clinton, most of the Bernie supporters will vote Clinton because they cannot fathom a Trump president. Mainline GOP voters will not vote Trump because more than half their GOP leaders are telling them not to support Trump. Many will, many wont. Some wont vote, some will vote Hillary. Either way with all this Trump just flat out wont have enough votes to pull these swing states. Florida is going huge for Hillary and so is Pennsylvania. Thats pretty much all she needs. But she's also got Ohio and Iowa. Trump is a sociopath and people see it. I will be at my beach bar in Bora Bora on November 8th thinking about Trump throwing a 2 year old temper tantrum when he loses big. I can't wait.
This looks like a joke honestly. "Trump's not gonna get a single vote of X, he's not gonna get a single vote of X." "I just can't wait for President Clinton!!!!" "She's gonna win everything!" "I'm gonna wait for a temper tantrum!!!!" Yeah this is a joke. But that's fine, you can sit in your delusional world that Clinton is your God, you really haven't backed it up too much though. All you've done is tried to be annoying and condescending. It would be cool if your people could mix it up a bit, because it is starting to sound like I'm talking to the same people. Not to mention that nearly every single then you have said is far from the truth, and you haven't given a single link of evidence (or a logical explanation) for them. Why will the evangelicals vote Clinton, who publically knocked them, over Trump, who has Mike fucking Pence? Why would GOP not vote Trump when he has Mike Pence? Oh yeah, that's right, they will. They might not like him, but you know as well as me who they are voting for. And you failed to mention Hillary Clinton. How do you think those Bernie supporters are feeling after Wikileaks and Project Veritas?
I am a Bernie supporter lol. But i despise and hate everything Trump stands for that I will vote for a flawed candidate in Clinton. I see Clinton as a continuance of Obama policies and I am very happy with that. Id would have loved to see more progressive policies that Bernie would have put forth but thats not going to happen. We can't take 10 steps back as a nation and vote Trump, why would we ever do that? We can just get the supreme court then in 8 years have Gavin Newsome or someone like him give us Universal Healthcare like most of us want. The reason I dont go back and forth about Hillary vs Trump is I have my opinions of what policies work, you have yours. It does not matter. To me this election is about character and the supreme court. We are playing chess not checkers. In 8 years if we get a Bernie like candidate we will finally be the progressive nation we should be.
Attempted gaslighting failed.
I don't think we're getting bored with democracy, a lot of us are still upset about the shady things the DNC did.
This wasn't a debate, it was a coronation.
I thought we were living under a democracy?
and a funeral at the same time
Murder scene
I refuse to believe that those people are undecided voters. Straight bullshit.
you can really tell right now who supports who at this point.
Rio Grand-ee
If you truly don't know by now, you haven't been paying attention.
The Trumpistas call me a "cuckservative." Well I admit it, *I am a cuck.* A smooth-talking New York billionaire had his way with my Party as I watched, and then he left it in ruins. The GOP I knew was a party of small government, fiscal conservatism, religious values, free trade, foreign liberation, and democracy building. Now it's a party of Trump, and it's on track to becoming the United Russia that Trump adores.
> religious values What are those? How do you decide the appropriate punishment for stoning people vs. gay marriage vs. eating shellfish? Also, how does the whole wealth thing work? At what point do you give up everything so that you can go through the eye of the needle?
Good. The gop became the party of globalism and war mongering. Increasing government, patriot act, amnesty and open borders. The gop is just as bad as the Democrats. Trump at least talks about issues the gop doesn't care about.
What outstanding bullshit.
>I believe in *true* conservative values, that's why I'm voting for Clinton. OK.
Except not "smooth talking". At all.
I live in a conservative sector of California and I grew up with classical farming conservatives - pre-neoconservative - and they're now the ones feeling that they're without any representation. Family friends that have been voting for 20-40 years are no longer going to the voting booths in November.
Does California do write in's? If so they should go in and vote for whatever past or current conservative candidate they'd actually want if they can't bring themselves to vote for anybody running. Not voting is a complete waste and the only message it sends is keep ignoring me.
Is it just me, or did Trump try to interrupt much of Clinton's responses? Way to show your class good sir.
I'm sure if Trump won, he would absolutely believe in the Democratic process. If he loses, it was rigged. What.
President Clinton won this debate.
Trump leaves me speechless. Its like some racist hillbilly with money got to run for president
What did you think he was?
One hundred million people (at least) are going to vote for him you know..
Probably because a large part of GOP voters are old, white, religious, etc. Add on people blindly voting parties, sexism, etc. They LIKE racism, pro-forced birth, "small government". They are supporting a candidate that has to be fact checked on any sentence that comes out of his mouth...and its often a lie. So ironic that people want a candidate locking down borders to religious groups too when we have history books to tell us about that...
Donnie absolutely fucked himself with that "I'll keep you in suspense" bit.
"We don't take care of our veterans. In fact, a POTUS candidate mocks POWs and gold star families"
[deleted]
Ignoring the fact that his POW comment literally applies to all POWs.... He only mocked one gold star family. Totes ok then I guess.
[deleted]
I hope tomorrow goes better for you.
i do believe he chokeslammed a few too
RIP Republican party. So much ammunition there. And so much they even will piss off his allies.
Already the "I'll keep you in suspense." comment about accepting the election results is already the top story.
You really like the word "already".
Said it in the live thread, but I would absolutely support Chris Wallace being a permanent Pres debate moderator. That man is the absolute pride of Fox News after tonight, if he wasn't before.
Agreed, but that's sort of damning him with faint praise.
I say him and Anderson Cooper should do all three next election.
One of the CNN guys nailed it: This debate did nothing big to move the needle in either direction. Trump displayed nothing different than his past debates, and shouldn't sway many of the ever-dwindling undecided vote. Clinton came out swinging, didn't stop, and had some extremely solid blows, leaving Trump speechless at one point. If anything, this is Clinton's best debate, but again, not a whole lot *new* coming out to pull undecided voters.
I don't give a shit if you guys live in the bluest of states or reddest of ones, just go vote... because I will tell you something, if Trump somehow wins the popular vote and loses the electoral college (which he will almost surely do), you know he will not concede lightly. He will start the mother of all shitstorms, and the US is going to pay for it.
This fucking idiot is about to lose his job on live TV. Racist as fuck.
Jeffery Lord shouldn't be on CNN, let alone TV. He has said some borderline racist things in the past (on CNN, during post debates), and literally only speaks up to say "Stop being so PC!"
He actually acknowledged that Trump could kill someone and he's still vote for him after the 2nd debate.
ONLY 6 points behind? No one has EVER recovered from that.
this gore-trump comparison is fucking PATHETIC.
Forever relevant: https://youtu.be/KAG37Kw1-aw
omg that's incredible.
My favourite moment as always was when the audience laughed at Trump.
It's pretty hilarious that he has lied multiple times and the audience found it so unbelievable that they audibly laughed.
msnbc is concerned that Trump supporters in open carry states will show up at the polls with guns to intimidate voters.
Is there any base for that fear? I mean, I don't usually look into the stories that involve violence when it comes to politics, but when I see them its usually directed AT Trump supporters, not done by them.
How will they know who you support?
Wild guess, they'll be assuming based on the amount of melatonin in your skin.
According to one guy, if you're brown or black or "not speaking American"
if you're open carrying at the polls it wont be super hard to guess
Considering what Trump's been saying for the last few months,don't be surprised if that's the case
Show me where he says this.
I wouldn't be surprised if that's his plan.
I wouldn't be shocked to see it happen. The far right types out in the sticks are paranoid, angry, scared, and heavily armed. Add Trump and his little suggestions of violence, and it's a recipe for disaster.
I would like to think that most Americans will keep their mouths shut, vote and leave. I am sure a few bad seeds will cause some trouble. But I have faith in the USA.
I have zero faith in Trump's base. And I'm sure they own a fuckton of guns.
I'm speaking about the majority. I believe most people will show up and outvote this fiasco.
Which will make the crazies all the more likely to act violently.
I'm seeing lots of love for Chris Wallace, perhaps I'm reading too much into it, but was anyone else weirded out when he quoted the wiki leaks dump he made sure to note how much Hillary was paid for said speech? It's probably relevant information but seemed a bit editorial, as did the assertion that 76% debt to go is a problem
I think it was important to point out that it was a paid speech. The exact figure was kinda out of nowhere I agree but it is what it is.
Yeah he was good at moderation I thought but gave some questions a bit of a spin. Like the economics one, stating that the Obama stimulus package "had not worked" or something like that.
Also his question about the Clinton Foundation in Haiti which was categorically false.
What was the final sniff count?
I didn't realize until last night that there were a lot of mid word sniffs that were subtle and seemingly unnoticable, but definitely coke sniffs
All the best sniffs. Just tremendous. ISIS.
Good thing Hillary rides a broom. She needed it for that 3-0 debate sweep.
She didn't need to bring a mop. That's what Trump was for.
That and they are notoriously unstable for flight.
Are you calling her a witch and glad she won all 3 debates?
Yes. I want her to be our next POTUS. That's not the same as wanting to be her friend.
Just wanted to clarify.
Conversely, I hate everything about the George W. Bush presidency, but he seems like a fun guy.
I've read that he is very engaging and makes sure that he makes visitors to the White House feel welcome. Good quality to have in someone who is arguably one of the most busy people in the world.
Lebron of debates? Lost to Obama, and came back to win?
And like LeBron, she'll win in Ohio, too.
Not if ~~Kevin Love~~ Tim Kaine doesn't improve his ~~offensive~~ debate game.
I'm actually more scared of Trump's ardent supporters than ISIS in the US. The level of anger and hatred he's inciting to MILLIONS of Americans, many of whom have access to guns, is much more terrifying than a handful of terrorists who are monitored by the law enforcement agencies. Who knows how many attacks that his supporters have planned up, like the foiled attack in Kansas? And how many will be pissed enough to go over the edge after the elections? I live in a heavy Republican area and though the violence level is not high, there's so much uncertainties that anything can happen now
>I'm actually more scared of Trump's ardent supporters than ISIS in the US. This type of rhetoric is why trump supporters are so ardent.
I'm sorry to say but that is the state of political climate right now.
The climate is what we make it. I'm an ardent Trump supporter and your statement hurts. I don't wish you ill will, I just disagree.
When I say ardent supporters I meant ones like the ones in Kansas who would kill people. Of course their main motive wasn't exactly the outcome of the election but it was directly related to Trump's messages: that accepting refugees is like the greatest Trojan horse ever pulled off. I don't know why me saying I'm afraid of people like that would make you and other Trump supporters more ardent. Isn't that what most Americans are afraid of when thinking of Muslim terrorists?
How could I know by 'ardent' you meant the Kansas bomb plotters. I was just responding to your comments which seamed to describe me and I'm not a bomb plotter.
LOL sorry about the confusion.
What about ardent anti-Trump supporters? There have been occasions where trump supporters are attacked at their own rallies. I find it interesting that you chose to highlight just one side as violent.
Exactly. Especially in this day and age, you never know what crazy people with weapons will do (doesn't always have to be guns).
This also includes ardent anti-trump supporters.
Madame President.
Looks like.
am I the only person that sorrrrrta wishes Hillary'd won in 08 and 12 and NOW we had Obama? the party's shifted fairly significantly left.
Wha??? Which party shifted left? You mean around the world left?
If Hillary won back then, she wouldn't have the foreign affairs experience she has today.
That would shift the course of history. Who knows if Hillary would have a 50%+ approval rating in her final year? Personally I doubt it. We would have a Republican successor, and in this universe, Obama would continue as a Senator.
Obama's no lefty. He's just affable and well liked, so lefties give him the benefit of the doubt.
Even Canada's congress was shouting "four more years" when he last visited. Everyone loves him in Canada.
Yep. Meanwhile he's bombing people with drones, refused to prosecute Wall Street, continued NSA spying bullshit, punished whistleblowers, and signed HR 4310 which legalized domestic propaganda by our own Government.
I hate his foreign policy. It would be hard to watch people screaming for help while literally being bombed and not doing anything about it. What else can the president do? It's a no win situation. Somehow ISIS needs to be defeated but then their is Russia trying to take over Europe...
and hillary's not going to change a single one of these things
> Yep. Meanwhile he's bombing people with drones, refused to prosecute Wall Street, continued NSA spying bullshit, punished whistleblowers, and signed HR 4310 which legalized domestic propaganda by our own Government. Truth be told...
Yes I wish that only because I think America would have had a better healthcare system. But Hillary's to the lest of Obama and she was in 2008 too. She's to the left of him besides foreign policy.
The party hasn't shifted to the left. Right now the Democratic party is in the middle of a recalibration. Where it is changing from the workers party to the business party. While the Republican party which used to be the business party turns into a pile of alt right dog shit. This election has been very disappointing for progressives, and I would argue for real conservatives as well. Because it is essentially between a neo-liberal and what ever Trump and his supporters think they are.
Clinton was actually further left than Obama in the Senate. She's pragmatic, but she's liberal.
Trump doesn't even have a real plan to replace the ACA. He talks about removing state barriers and having competition but that will not help people with pre-existing conditions. They will be left behind.
Yes, state lines should be removed because they do cause more regulation and cost for businesses; however, insurance is supposed to be for risks. Health insurance is nonsensical because people will get sick eventually and need car. A car or home may never have a claim.
Trump has stated that people with pre-existing conditions would get great plans with more competition, but that clearly is the opposite of what will happen. The truth is that a single-payer system is the only way to ensure everyone has health insurance.
Bingo
I've got a great tax plan some of the best ideas about taxes it'll be the best - Trump on healthcare.
I know! Or how he is going to massively cut taxes yet give people better social services and pay for all kinds of things. I just wanted Clinton to look over at him, just once, and say, "How?". "How Donald, are you specifically going to lower taxes for everyone, and still have funds to decrease the deficit?"
He wouldn't even answer the question about the national debt rising under his plan. He claimed he will cut taxes, increase military spending and not increase the debt. Oh yeah, he also promised 4% GDP growth. He'll figure it out.
Well, it's their fault for getting sick. /s
His plan is to go back to the way it was - which, of course, was working perfectly. It's business! If sick people are unprofitable, that's their problem! Ugh.
The issue is that Republicans have decided the ACA will never work and must be scrapped. They have no desire, or incentive, to make it better.
If they have an incentive, it's certainly to ensure profits for their masters.
ya. health care rates never increased before obamacare. it was perfect!
Unchecked profiteering when people's lives are in the balance is the very spirit of capitalism! I can't wait for a return to preexisting conditions: "Oh you already had cancer when you had to switch plans? Well fuck your chemo then!"
I'd say it would make it even worse. Opening up insurance to go across state lines would create a race to the bottom. Just like what happened with Banks and Delaware.
Trump: Unhinged Part 3
Debate seemed a lot more civilized than previous ones. At least that.
Again no climate change discussion
I'm sorry since when are you required to have the exact same opinions as your spouse.
Trump believes that women must believe what their husbands believe.
What gets me is how that's even supposed to be an attack. Hillary has been campaigning on her own personal merit in this election. If we're going to talk about Bill's qualifications then we also have to talk about Melania's qualifications.
Martha Raddatz: "Can we not say it already? President Hillary Clinton"
Yea I think we're OK to say it now.
And may god have mercy on your soul. Chris Wallace to Trump
This was a far worse slaughter than the first debate. It's over for Trump.
Thank god it's over. Now let's vote!
Trump is unsure about himself, he won't go into the crowd.
Donnie did not carefully pick his words in that closing statement in reference to black people.
Dude Qusay just went in for a hug or kiss, and Donald denied him
A little surprised he didn't explode but she let him slide with calling his accusers liars. Other than that she killed it.
They should have wrestled instead.
I think he would have lost to that also
I survived the debate drinking game!!! My liver is dying. I need a transplant.
So who is the puppet? I don't get it? Is the American people the puppet? Are they being fisted by this election?
I think it's that Trump would be Putin's puppet but I'm not 100% sure.
"The year 17". Trump is the youngest earth creationist.
They need to do a bad lip read of them after the debate has ended when they're mingling with the audience.
I patiently await.
Hillary is all smiles and laughs now. She knows she's going to cruise.
*cruz
I need a strong drink.
http://imgur.com/gallery/MbaQr
"Bad day to stop doing Quaaludes"
Chris Wallace was by far the best moderator of all the debates. I thought he asked really tough questions to both candidates and really made sure to keep control and stay fair.
I'm pretty sure Trump would rather I voted for Putin.
I don't think Trump knows what Aleppo is.
It's a disaster, that's what it is. You've never seen it, just like Chris Wallace.
Aleppo Has Fallen... the new action flick coming this winter.
Was that Vince Neal shaking hands with Trump?
I thought the discussion in this debate covered more issues than the others. I will also be pretty shocked if it comes out that Hillary didn't win. She came out looking really smart and she was honest about her controversial opinions, like abortion and gun control.
Did anything else notice that "hug" that Trump's kids have? It make Duggar hugs seem passionate.
[deleted]
everyone is puppets
Both, that's the problem.
How many times did trump really need to adjust his microphone?
Yeah, what was up with that?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SXtFa6Yggcg
CBS focus group isn't liking Trump much....
Wow, that's a surprise. How could you not like Donald after this?
I hope "nasty woman" becomes a THING
Isn't that an ELO song?
"Evil Woman"
MSNBC: Disqualifying moment relating to Trumps answer on elections
Welcome to Trumpland.
How the hell are you this far along and still undecided?
Seemed like a really good showing by Hillary. Really felt like Trump struggled the last hour. Chris Wallace was fantastic as the moderator. He was hard on both candidates, but seemed fair and impartial.
It's good night San Diego for Donald Trump.
Aw...
Kellyanne Conway lives in the bubble.
Sure Kellyanne, Trump won the debate "bigly".
It's called 'running for the presidency,' and here we are just crawling through mud towards the lesser evil.
Kelly Anne just blew that interview off. like watching Hitler not be told that he was losing the war.
Poor Kellyanne, spinning for her life.
With that creepy smile on her face
And that's why they call it the "spin" room.
Are they heading to the clinic for the post debate drug testing?
One can only hope.
'keep in suspense' sounds like its a fucking lie, a *politicians lie*
He's confused about what he is. He says he isn't a politican, but he really is. He is just a really shitty one.
i don't know what it is.
is it just me or does Kelly Anne Conway look a wasted sorority girl at a formal right now?
She drained a bottle of Trump Vodka as soon as the debate wrapped up. Of course, she only got mildly tipsy, given the quality of the alcohol.
Kellyanne just looked fed up trying to defend trump on CNN.
Well because with Al Gore it was so fucking close that *maybe* a recount could help. But with Donald its going to be a blow out.
will he accept the results of the election? subscribe to trump-tv now and find out. what a joke...
Also the scariest moment of the debate. Because if he won't accept it, his supporters most certainly won't either...
Lord trying to rewrite history.
HAHAHA on the cspan stream a trump supportor just got hung up on for saying "INFOWARS BILL CLINTON IS A RAPIST INFOWARS BILL CLINTON IS A RAPIST"
What is up with Trump and bringing up 'element of surprise' wtf...
He must be confusing his sexual-assault techniques for modern military tactics.
Civilians dont matter, we just need to bomb the whole city into the dirt apparently
Van Jones! Haha I loved what he said!
Classic. "This was a sad day for this country. You can't polish this turd."
Van Jones: "You cannot polish this turd." I'm inclined to agree... but Mythrbusters actually proved [you can.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yiJ9fy1qSFI) That said, at least someone on the news is calling this a shitshow, in some manner.
You cant polish the turd. - Van Jones LOOOOOL
Such a nasty man.
Is it me, or is Jeffrey Lord a complete idiot?
He is a complete idiot.
Both
That debate was something out of the Twilight Zone.
Lol he just called Trump a Turd
I wanna be on CNN just so I can sit there and facepalm with a bottle in hand.
If that was your whole show, I would watch religiously. Just a political commentary hour with someone looking completely disgusted as they get increasingly more hammered. Wine About It meets The Daily Show
Ironic b/c I'm currently in the middle of a bottle of red.
Cooper to Kayleigh: You're just making stuff up
Kailey on CNN is going berserk.
Not far to go.
The CNN panel is about to rip each other's throats out right now.
Anyone else need a cigarette after that?
I had two.
I need a Snickers.
I went and got a milkshake and fries. I tell ya, it was way fucking healthier than watching that shitshow.
Too true. My blood pressure is through the roof right now. What flavor milkshake?
Chocolate, with whip cream an a cherry ontop!
That sounds perfect right now!
This CNN panel Debate 4.0!
Where is the supposed video of Clinton hiring people to disrupt Trump's rallies?
YouTube
YouTube
It's done by a guy name James O'Keefe and it's called Project Veritas I believe.
Sounds legitimate.
O'Keefe is the one who created the highly edited and misleading video which destroyed the ACORN get-out-the-vote organization, BTW. For those who want some context here.
Yeah, I should have mentioned that.
You mean the guy who faked the Acorn video and has done so many sleazy things he was fined and jailed?
You're not mistaken.
O'Keefe is a hit job artist that has been ripped apart in the past for his absolute shenanigans. This is regarding his [latest "video".](http://www.snopes.com/2016/10/18/project-veritas-election-videos/)
I don't know that he has ever done anything that was legitimate. His exposes having only a passing acquaintance with the truth.
It's a James O'Keefe video. He has a history of asking leading questions, splicing together out of context quotes, and making baseless accusations that forward his agenda. He can't be trusted.
lol that gofundme sign on CNN
Over the past year, average hourly earnings have risen by 2.6 percent. Marilyn Geewax NPR Senior Business Editor
Median household incomes went up over 5% which says the gains are middle class derived.
She uses it for fucking charity!
Which general is in jail?
Petraeus? But I like /u/esini answer better :)
[General Petraeus, who gave away confidential information to his mistress](http://www.politico.com/story/2016/06/fbi-petraeus-shared-top-secret-info-with-reporters-224023)
He never went to jail. That's where I was confused.
David Petraeus. http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/oct/18/donald-trump/fbi-director-james-comey-says-donald-trump-has-it-/
But, he never went to jail.
Right, exactly. Trump was lying. Petraeus got a fine and probation for a violation worse than Hillary's.
general patreus did not go to jail for giving top secret information to a russian spy, but thats who they were talking about.
I thought they were talking about a different general who was in the news this week. Petraeus was in trouble for sharing info with a mistress as i recall.
another general was caught recently giving away top secrets?
just did a quick google search http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/18/us/marine-general-james-cartwright-leak-fbi.html i only read the headlines, that's what i was referencing
So Cartwright was the man who leaked our covert cyber ops that destroyed all the computers working on iranian nukes. Kind of a shitty thing to do.
the mistress was a smoking hot russian spy.
I didn't think he did. WRONG.
population
Kaleigh just does this because she loves the limelight. She'll say anything for more publicity.
Always sits next to Van Jones ;)
Van Jones is quoting LL Cool J. Ok I'm out.
Classic LL Cool J, not washed up 2005 LL.
this guy is awesome LOL, I'm glad I turned on CNN.
Van Jones quoting LL Cool J on CNN.
Hahahaha........ What hair "Look, he didn't mock a disabled person, he mocks EVERYONE like a four year old would."
I thought maybe Trump would finally show some coherence after everything - all he has proven is he has zero ability to learn from his mistakes. As with the last two debates towards the end he lost focus, sounded clueless, didn't answer the questions and was generally a sputtering mess. Not to mention trip over what should have been a very easy answer, that he respects the law of the country and will accept the voter's decision. I can't believe he screwed that one up, especially since thats what the media has been focusing on anyways.
FOX News is just talking about their cool new studio
Now some guy on Fox is saying that Hillary did terribly.
Jeff Lorde is a fantastic bullshit artist.
CNN needs a wrestling ring and a referee right now. They wanna go.
Would there be less talking? I'm game.
Who are the people with Jesus signs? I just hear them yelling random shit, but I can't make it out.
Crazy Christians. Who knows.
I was trying to figure out if it's that weird-cult guy that followed Trump around South Florida, but I don't remember his name or website. I vaguely remember someone saying he was literally a convicted murderer, but that might have been a smear.
What a coincidence. I just got done watching a guy on TV that was yelling random shit, but I couldn't make it out.
Yeah, I've been experiencing that a lot lately. I always think I hear "sad", "worst" "tremendous" and "wrong", but that can't be right because they never make sense.
Jeffrey Lord, just keep searching and I'm sure you will find that deadly, deadly vein of methane so far up your own ass you will finally choke on your own farts like you've always dreamed of doing since the day you started working for Trump, you pompous, narrow minded dick head.
Msnbc and CNN are literally giddy with joy, ready to pop the champaign... Foxnews is somber, confused and doesn't know what to think yet...
"Who could've guess pandering to racist radicals would result in a the GOP turning into a frothing mess of conspiracy theorists.
They know what to think. They just need to figure out how to spin it (which is, presidency is lost, refocus on downballot)
Donald Trump has "novel ideas on NAFTA and TPP". What, exactly, are his "novel" ideas on these things?
Renegotiate, because free trade is a good thing?
Maybe his supporters could clear up whether he's pro or anti free trade.
He wont say. He has made campaign of saying he's going to do this, do that, make this the best, he's the best ever la la la. But has not put out policy that he plans to do to make this happen. He's laughable. Im voting for Hillary for sure.
The amount of things he doesn't know about them could fill several novels.
Please eject that asshole in the back
"60% of citizens feel the economy is stacked against them" Bet those top bracket tax breaks your candidate is proposing will make everyone feel loads better
DJT: "For 30 years, you've been in a position to help, and if you say that I use steel or I use something else, I -- make it impossible for me to do that. I wouldn't mind." This just in, Trump favors expanding government regulation of business because businesses can't be trusted to not fuck over American workers.
Basically: "I fuck over everyone, but it's your fault because you let me do it."
"free market fails to defend American workers" - Donald j trump
BASED MEGYN KELLY CALLING OUT TRUMPS LIES #BigLeagueTruth
Wow, Kayleigh grinned at Lord's "unless they're babies" joke line. She's a terrible person. I think I'm in love. /s (maybe, I like evil women)
So when does Van Jones get his own show?
I think he had his own show on CNN for a while but it got axed (with many other shows) because of CNN's poor ratings.
Trump always almost has me worried for about half an hour of the debate... and then he jumps off the cliff like usual. Good thing hes predictably crazy, and not just randomly crazy.
Just about the time it takes for the coke, or Valium tonight, to wear off.
So did Clinton just win Texas?
Prolly not
I really, really hope she just won Georgia.
Oh God. Please. PLEASE.
Van Jones is on point, as always.
He always has a point, but it's always tunnel vision.
Yeah, I never say this about major network commentators but Van Jones is absolutely brilliant.
Kayleigh went to Harvard Law School?
She was super racist when she was a student there.
[deleted]
Actually. Not speculation.
its ok that he said Hombres because he didn't drop the n-bomb.
Holy shit Jr is pissed. Eyes popping out.
Jeffrey Lord is a loud annoying space unicorn.
I hear that Trump is going to write suspense novels after he loses the election in November. -When the income taxes are released, coming January 2017 -Will he accept defeat? Spring 2017
I think he actually said "I'll suspense you on that.." regarding whether he will accept the results.
Are 1950's American TV shows really a good benchmark to establish what is right or wrong in conversation from the next potential President? Unbelievable.
CNN is the best
This is an utter shit show.
Yep. Im laughing how they are trying to defend him.
I liked it when someone said "You cannot polish this turd"
Trump became the literal definition of a strawman
Is Kayleigh in pink leather bondage?
She looks pretty good tonight ;)
Gloria has all the class in this contest.
Of course, she's going for that futuristic 1950's bimbo look the republican base loves.
shhhhh
Harder for Trump to grab her by the pussy while wearing
Hello Kitty Dominatrix.
\#GOP=GiantOrangePortrait
I need a lobotomy after watching this - I don't want to think about the ramifications of this election cycle. Or maybe I just had one. I don't even know anymore.
CNN panel needs to discuss how he used "nasty woman."
The CNN panel is overanalyzing everything trump said to create news as if its going to affect the outcome of the votes in November. Its kind of like watching parents drink beer and play poker at the table while the kids throw play-dough and crayons at each other in the living room.
they did.
Apparently, she is "nasty" for calling him out on his exploitation of loopholes in the tax code. How, exactly, is this nasty?
I feel like this hombre thing won't be going anywhere for a while.
What the fuck is Lord even talking about?
It must be very difficult to do your job day in and day out when that job entails lying through your teeth and, in Van Jones' words, polish a turd over and over and over
Hittites.
Royals
That's Lorde.
Royyaalllsssss
Can anyone hear what the dude in the background on CNN is yelling about?
I heard him say something about Bill Clinton at one point but I couldn't make it out
JESUS SAVES! YOU'RE GOING TO HELL! or words to that effect.
He also screamed "bill clinton is a rapist"
I have no clue. I've been listening for awhile trying to figure it out.
Probably a Jets fan bitching about Kirkpatrick
Or a 9ers fan about... Well, shit... The 9ers
Can confirm
It's difficult, but my best translation was this: "LOUD NOISES!"
[deleted]
Jeffrey Lord
I think you're referring to Jeffrey Lorde.
The resident idiot Jeffrey Lord
jeffrey lord? he's an idiot
Jeff Lord. Absolute moron.
Jeffrey Lord. He's a goddamn idiot.
Jeffery "Human Cancer" Lord
The KKK's CNN surrogate, Jeffrey Lord.
Jeff Lord. Worked in the Reagan white house, is a political strategist now.
These post-debate panels should really only consist of David Axelrod and Gloria. The others are morons or too dramatic.
And Van Jones.
Yeah I personally like him but he can be a little distracting with some of the flare.
Kayleigh, just check out Nate Silver's predictions. He's been highly accurate the last few elections. Trump is going to lose. We've all accepted it, and now it's your turn.
Was he accurate in the primaries?
I hope McMuffin wins Utah
Sausage or Egg?
Everytime I see that name I keep thinking McLovin' That would be an interesting outcome though.
Has anyone ever embarked on the journey of the art of turd polishing?
I was sent two links about it earlier http://www.discovery.com/tv-shows/mythbusters/videos/polishing-a-turd-minimyth/ (I haven't watched it) [Moose Turd Jewelry](http://imgur.com/a/w1G2r). I like moose(s) a lot, but not that much.
This focus group on MSNBC are morons.
They all are. I believe they purposefully find the stupidest fucking people available.
CNN is pure gold Is Haley Jackson on MSNBC?
newsflash, there's a lot of morons out there with the vote
Jeffrey Lord is now being counter productive for Trump.
Jeffrey is getting his ass handed to him for his outrageous claims regarding Gore V. Bush.
Bush was appointed by a panel of unelected judges. Just sayin.
For everyone giving Van Jones well deserved praise, check out Don Lemon.
Sweep! Sweep! Sweep!
(: That's what happens when you prepare, Donald.
Trading Places remake starring Van Jones and Kayleigh McEnany True Detective season three starring Van Jones and Kayleigh McEnany The Amazing Race: Political Edition starring Van Jones and Kayleigh McEnany
Fox news sucks bad. Except for Chris Wallace of course.
I keep seeing that Megyn Kelly is having a good night
I only watched for 5-10 min and it was the same lame shit as usual. More critical for a GOP nominee but since its trump thats not saying much.
Shepard Smith is on Fox News and he is awesome.
him telling everyone they are going to die during his hurricane coverage was the most amazing piece of television in years https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYaH5nU1Ls0
Haha I've never seen that one, I love him. He clearly enjoyed that. EDIT: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gd9qRMv0iEs holy shit
lmfao I haven't seen this video. Comedy genius. that or he's actually crazy. either way he's amazing.
Don't forget the downticket.Kander for Senate!
'underneath the bridge is the rio grand-ee river'
Yeah yeah say yeah yeah
I'm glad I did early voting
These focus groups segments are always so awkward. The handheld found footage camera technique doesn't help.
At least 2012 went down to the wire(11 pm it was finalized).This will be over once Pennsylvania and Virginia go to Hillary
PA, VA, NC, FL, and OH. We won't even get out of a time zone I bet they try to hold out calling it to keep the viewership up and not influence NV.
IIRC It's federal law after 2000 that they can not announce a projected winner based on polling until after polling places close on the west coast.
Tapper reporting on memes
Vote for Wallace
Mark Cuban on Fox News y'all
What happens if he wins and then loses in 4 years? Will he "keep us in suspense" then too? Because that sounds like a dictatorship then...
Fact Check Time on CNN! As usual Trump lies to the American people, again.
CNN's polls on issues and trust basically shows Trump is going to lose because of his temperament.
I agree with you, but do be a bit wary since it's a liberal news source and its parent company donates to Clinton's campaign. But I agree, Trump is going to lose support based on how he acts.
Since it's a liberal source I'd say that shows more that he's losing because of how he acts. The fact they're so close in the liberal polls is proof of that IMO.
I feel like CNN isn't all that liberal. They're just shitty. Endless fluff to fill air time.
I can't. https://twitter.com/sahilkapur/status/788948443221725184 Q: Could the election be rigged against Trump? BEN CARSON: “As Bill Clinton would say, it depends on your definition of the word ‘rigged.’”
WTF is all this Jesus shit in the background?
We all need Jesus after this debate.
Jesus want's nothing to do with us after watching this debate, the second coming is off everybody.
It's Vegas. All the non Jesus freaks are off doing fun things.
Can someone pass Anderson Cooper some damn popcorn already!
Dammit. Where can I find this post debate show?
cnn tv cafe
CNN but will be on youtube and twitter. Actually parts on twitter now.
http://www.livenewson.com/american/cnn-news-usa.html
Seriously, the fact that they allow people to spend hours a day on TV complaining, in the absence of any evidence, that the system is rigged shows how not rigged it is.
Exactly. Silence would be the telltale sign of a rigged and censored media. Instead they let Trump lie 24/7 so their ratings go up and they get more ad revenue. The media is biased towards giving Trump 2 billion dollars in free air time.
Who interrupts rational people more? Trump or Trump supporters?
both.
why the hell does CNN do these round tables outside, the background noise is annoying as hell
I still don't understand why they hired corey lewandowski. He's still getting paid by trump ffs.
Where the hell did Kayleigh go?
did you see her giving the man to her left doggie eyes ;)
She morphed into Corey.
To drink heavily and reconsider her life choices.
I really wonder what secret service must feel like right now imagining a President Trump. I mean the stress they have with normal presidents, could you imagine how much more difficult their job would be under a possible Trump?
I think they're more worried about President Clinton (since it's actually a likely outcome) and what the riled up desperate delusional deplorables Trump has instigated might do.
Just started watching CNN...what are the people screaming / chanting in the background?
They're chanting "lock her up."
"Lock her up"
appreciated.
"Build the wall" and "Lock her up"
stupid trump shit.
The perfect summary!
Cory is like Kayleigh but more talking points and less hot
Kayleigh is only hot in the most generic dumb blonde kind of way. absolutely faceless and with no character at all
oh yeah, shes great to look at but she loses a ton of hotness points when she opens her mouth
[deleted]
Fuckin lol Less than 1% of the vote
It's actually less than .1% of the vote. If you remove his immediate family, he probably didn't have a single vote.
7? WTF? how can you only get 7 votes?
Those were write-in votes. He wasn't on the ballot.
Oh. That makes more sense.
Not being on the ballot, and not campaigning.
He told his close friends and family that he was running and to write his name in, but many of them forgot.
Corey Lewendowsky is to Trump what Marx was to Stalin
So who's Trotsky in that scenario? That's the dude who needs to worry....
No. Marx wrote groundbreaking work that changed how basically everyone who actually studies the matter looks at sociology, history, even stuff like literary analysis bears his mark. Marx was the progenitor of empirical social science. Corey is a lickspittle for a wannabe tinpot dictator.
"steps on every rake" lovely image, thank you van
http://giphy.com/gifs/RSOUOj8H9A3Xq/html5
Wallace got my vote
I was kind of hoping the topics of education and military spending would come up in detail in at least one debate. I mean I'm sure the responses would somehow end up about Brexit, Venezuela, or some other random topic. But still.
Anyone else notice on CNN Blacks for Trump in the background, i could only spot one black guy through them.
The other guy had dinner plans.
I can't speak for the entire black population, but the black people I know all think Trump is a racist jackass. And the polls show that they aren't exactly a minority in that community. Trump is actually *hated* amongst blacks and hispanics. They might distrust Clinton, but they actually *hate* Trump. And for good reason. This is a guy who advocated stop and frisk on a national scale (look up the statistics about stop and frisk from New York and you'll learn right quick why this doesn't jive with people of color). The basic reality is that Trump is a racist, his campaign is racist, and his supporters are racist (either that or just flat out too ignorant to understand what it is they are actually supporting). I've had lots of people try to tell me this isn't the case, but I've noticed those people are always white. White people get uncomfortable when race comes up and try to deny that it's a factor in our culture. That's a well established trend. I say that as a white guy, FYI. I grew up with that attitude. "Nothing is racist because I want to believe that I'm not a racist". The "Blacks for Trump" shit is basically just Trump supporters trotting out their imaginary black friends so they can pretend they aren't prejudiced. Racism is looked down upon by most rational people. Even racists, weirdly. So of course people deny it up and down even if they are racist. It's kind of like if you tell an alcoholic he drinks too much. "Oh me? C'mon, I'm not an alcoholic! You're just blowing this out of proportion!" Nobody wants to admit they're flawed in that way so they make excuses for it (not cracking on alcoholics, I ain't immune to that shit.) Trump's been running an "I'm not racist but..." campaign. Especially since he hired Steve Bannon, who is indeed racist as fuck in the most dishonest way possible. But of course adding the "but..." doesn't change the fact that you're racist as shit. Black people in my experience are less sheltered from the reality of racial prejudice in America. White people don't really get it directed at them. Black people? They grow up with that shit and they learn to recognize it, even if it hides behind seemingly meaningless words like "law and order". Learning how to navigate America's racial maelstrom is a matter of life and death with those people. It isn't with whites. The people pretending that black people as a whole actually support Donald Trump? They're making excuses for themselves and pretending that what they're involved in is less malicious than it is.
I belief every word you have said, following thing from where i am you are right about his support, as a white Irish guy (from Ireland not an American one), i find them despicable, it just shows the dishonesty of his campaign that they would have one token black guy and a load of white guys in the background with Blacks for Trump sign and them chanting it. By the way the Clinton's done a hell of a lot of good in my country, with the peace process in Northern Ireland, you should look it up, the Northern Ireland state was a place build on discrimination and they help end it and it is now a equal society of Nationalist and Unionists, have a little faith in her she is not a bad as she is being portrayed by a long shot. It is a reason i think the Republican party are abhorrent, they would rather disenfranchise minorities of there voting rights and marginalize them that deal with the real issue why minorities dont vote Republican. I think it is shocking what is happening regarding voter registration of minorities, Hispanics, Native Americans, African Americans and Asians, They talk of voter fraud which is a minuscule issue, striping people of voting right is a massive issues and is not being addressed, that is subverting democracy. They have not moved on from the last century and there actions are making American weaker in doing it. The strength of any country is firstly its people, when all people are truly equal and can reach their full potential is also when they can do the best for their country and makes it strongest.
http://imgur.com/a/GRtC0
Orangeshirts on MSNBC in background
Hi, I'm from Australia, I'm just going to give an opinion about the Clinton-Trump debate: ------ 1:55:17 https://youtu.be/smkyorC5qwc?t=6917 Trump says: > To do that we are taking back jobs. > We are not going to let our companies be raided by other countries. > We don't make our products any more. > It's very sad. But he doesn't explain the details. I think he is just talking bullshit to impress people. If he cuts taxes on the rich, the rich will hire Indians to develop software, not Americans, what is Trump going to do about it? If he cuts taxes on the rich, the rich will hire Chinese to manufacture things, not Americans, what is Trump going to do about it? The rich people are **not** patriotic, the rich don't care about their compatriots, for example, the boss of Facebook (Mark Zuckerberg) was in favor of increasing skilled immigration to America instead of training more American workers: https://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/apr/11/mark-zuckerberg-launches-immigration-group > why do we kick out the more than 40% of math and science graduate students who are not US citizens after educating them? , and, is Trump going to give tax cuts to people like Mark Zuckerberg so he hires immigrants and not American citizens? (And Mark Zuckerberg's case is just one example, you have heard many news about that the rich and powerful only care about enriching themselves not about their community).
That's the main, glaring issue for me when it comes to "trickle-down" supply-side economics and the way Republicans have implemented it. In this debate, Donald Trump said basically "Well, why didn't you stop me?" when it came to using existing laws to screw others and benefit himself. He just told us what the rich CEOs and members of the board think of civic duty. "Well, why didn't you stop me?" If he had to be forced not to do something that would increase his profits at the expense of the other people in this country, why would we believe that giving corporations more tax money would make them spend that on hiring more workers? Why would they take that hit to their profits if there's nothing forcing them to? Civic duty? Why would anyone, after getting a bump in profits, immediately create some new expense that didn't exist and that they don't need just to get back to the amount they had before the profit bump? It's illogical. It's necessary for a thriving society sometimes but corporations are not known for their civic pride and being accepting of that sort of reasoning.
Check out twitter for [#TrumpBookReport] (https://twitter.com/hashtag/TrumpBookReport?src=tren) for laughs!
for context , unintentionally started by Antonio French who said '[Trump] answers sound like a book report from a teenager who hasn't read the book.' And indeed twitters take on it has been hilarious
That [Times-Picayune](https://luc.id/2016-presidential-tracker/) tracker poll has a 12 point lead for Clinton today. That gap is just yawning wide open!
Shouldn't a billionaire be able to afford a TAILORED SUIT? You're running for President FFS, you look like a used-car salesman.
What's strange to me is that his blazer game is on point
Cocaine is a hell of a drug.
Thank you! I only noticed because I was trying to interpret Clinton's outfit, but still!
He's fat. His collar can barely contain his neck pouring over. It doesn't matter how much money he spends on a suit, it'll be a sausage casing still.
Fat or skinny you can still wear clothes that fit properly.
Oh I see the brigade from /r/the_Delusionals have come out of their safe space to join us finally
Even worse is when they pretend to be undecided voters. Do they really think they are fooling anyone?
[deleted]
There are very, very few cases where changing a presidential nominee this close to an election is a good thing, but this is one of them. Not only are those who would have voted democrat not being swayed by Trump, but he's alienated the republican stronghold (white collar, college educated men) strengthened the resolve of *all* women to be aligned against him, and reduced his fanbase to a cross section of society that are almost a caricature of American stereotypes. I think Bernie would have had more difficulty in selling his message than Hillary, but he'd be able to destroy Trump's strongest messages (Hillary is corrupt and american politics needs to change) and walk it in - which makes Hillary's selection all the more depressing (but not as depressing as a Trump presidency).
It really is too bad what happened to Bernie. While I don't think he had completely realistic policies, I would have rather seen him in the White House than either of these two. It's been disappointing to see him working to help Clinton after what has been exposed about her and the DNC. Feels a bit like a betrayal of what he stood for.
yeah, he was a step too far left for what the populace would admit to accepting, even if they agreed with a lot of his views - I'm hoping he'll at least have *some* influence and be able to create some change in his position though - he's certainly got conviction.
I don't see how the DNC owes Bernie much at all considering he only just became a democrat in 2015 to run specifically in this election. They were right to back Clinton. The voting population also backed Clinton. She won the primaries by a wide margin. I actually voted for Bernie in the primary, but the constant whining from other Bernie supporters is getting very old. Bernie was never vetted like Clinton was, doesn't have the level of experience that Clinton has, and in addition to that, he doesn't have the kind of networking ability Clinton has. The best chance he really has to get his platform on the presidential ballot is THROUGH Clinton... which was his goal really (as he stated at the start of his run) and that's what he really accomplished... so it's not really depressing at all and I think it's safe to say we can all shut the fuck about Bernie fucking Sanders already.
Until the DNC, Clinton, and mainstream media give a formal apology to Sanders - as well as to the Americans who have had their fair democratic process undermined - people aren't going to shut the fuck up about Bernie fucking Sanders.
No. And, fwiw, I'm pretty sure Bernie doesn't expect any such apology either. The DNC *is* political. Controlling the central party structure, getting to say when and what format the debates are, etc has long been a tradition. Organized candidates fight this out in the years leading to the election and it's a major advantage, so incumbents have the upper hand. Obama, for example, had to fight and overcome the DNC establishment in 2008. In fact, many candidates chose not to run at all in part due to Clinton's lock on the DNC and early organization. This whole DNC was unfair to Bernie is just Trump's people trying to attack Clinton for what is above board and fair politics. I'm sure Bernie would have tried to control the DNC had he been able to too. Don't let Trump's people fool you, this is not a legit issue,
> In fact, many candidates chose not to run at all in part due to Clinton's lock on the DNC and early organization. All the long-time Democrats ducked this election, because they didn't want to waste a lot of time and energy getting destroyed by Clinton. That's *why* Bernie (an indy for thirty years) was the runner-up and not anyone who was a Democrat before the cycle started. Martin O'Malley was the 2nd place finisher among actual Dems. It's really quite a feat, jumping into a party like that and coming away with ~45% of the vote. I love the guy, I voted for him, but he fucking lost the primary. It happens. Trump and fucking Assange have been encouraging this bullshit about the DNC, and it's not becoming any truer the more often it gets repeated.
The whole DNC being unfair to Bernie has nothing to do with Trump. It was exposed by their own actions through the massive DNC leaks, and more recently through some of the Podesta leaks. If you don't think it's a legit issue that people whose very job was to be unbiased were instead working behind the scenes to get a particular candidate elected than I don't know what to say to you. The entire democractic process relies on there being fair election practices. Those were not observed.
I've seen this tossed around alot, but where does it say their job was to be unbiased? It seems to me that that would be an almost impossible ask.
They are meant to perform the responsibilities of their job without bias, not that they aren't allowed to have any preference at all. Can imagine it like a sports referee. They may be a fan of a particular team, but when on the field they need to put any bias aside.
That's a good comparison. I think there should be a rule like that put in place so this doesn't happen again, though I don't think there is one now.
It's one thing to not act with bias, another thing to ask them to never express an opinion
That's not their job. It's a political organization, its private, and it favors certain politicians and positions which are determined by internal party rules. This idea of fairness is only there in so far as they want it to be. They could decide biggest clown shoes are the only things that matter, support one clown, and not even hold primaries if they wanted.
It most certainly was Wasserman Schultz's job as chair of DNC to be unbiased. She can personally hold whatever views she wished, but in her role as Chairperson she was meant to be unbiased. Yet she wasn't. That's why she had faced criticisms over her bias going way back to the start - criticisms that people wrote off as conspiracy theories by Sanders supporters until the emails were leaked proving it, forcing her to step down soon afterward. Those criticisms existed back when Trump was still seen as a fringe joke who would never take the Republican nomination.
My God, listen to what you're saying> What do you think would happen to democratic voters, if the DNC announces before the primaries that they're not going to be fair to all of the candidates. That they've already made their choice, and everyone needs to tow the line. Really, what do you think would happen?
First, I'm voting for Clinton. Now that 'that' is out of the way, can you really call yourself a democrat? We actually want fairness in our election process. What the DNC did was wrong. Its not whining from Sanders supporters. The DNC represents democrats, and to not have a fair and equal process undermines the whole process. But yes, the reason Sanders didn't contest any of it is because of the low voter turnout overall.
> he doesn't have the kind of networking ability Clinton has This is the #1 reason why Bernie lost. It sounds like bullshit but in a democracy (where coalition building is the coin of the realm) it's strength. It's also a big part of why Hillary lost to Obama, FWIW, because Obama is even better at it than the Clintons, which is saying something.
I will not shut the fuck up about Sanders. He's still out there doing his thing and I still support him. He's pushed Clinton to be a bit more progressive, that's nice to see.
It is depressing, because I supported him, and I think he would made a fine president. He genuinely listens to the advice of anyone that has more knowledge about a certain subject than him, he doesn't have other self interest calculations that would interfere with taking a decision, and also he is surprisingly pragmatic, that is why he didn't act like a spoiled brat when the DNC put one finger on Hillary's side of the scale and didn't call to vote for Jill Stein who is another disaster on her own. Now I think Bernie still can do a lot of good in the senate by help growing his progressive caucus and keeps putting pressure on Clinton publicly every time she tries to break some of her campaign promises 'she hates to be politically shamed on popular subjects like gay marriage for example which is a good thing'.
>Clinton after what has been exposed about her and the DNC. That some staffers talked some shit about mainly Weaver? What in the fuck are you talking about.
Did you miss the big scandal that forced Wasserman Schultz to resign, as well as the related contents of other emails? The more recent e-mails leaked out? The ongoing FBI drama? Stonetear? Immunity deals still in effect despite false statements having been made? Agreements to destroy evidence without searching it? The recent possible smear campaign against Assange that seems connected to figures close to Clinton? If you think all that went on is some people trashed on Weaver than you've not been paying attention.
>Did you miss the big scandal that forced Wasserman Schultz to resign, as well as the related contents of other emails? Did you read the actual leaked emails that caused that to happen? Because honestly, it wasn't really anything to resign over. She did it to placate a vocal outcry and was already on her way out. There were protests 6 years or so ago about a Mosque going up near the 911 square. Protestors said it would show Muslims were claiming victory and all sorts of bullshit. The mosque decided not to build there because of the idiotic backlash. Does that mean those protesting were right because the Mosque backed down? No. >The ongoing FBI drama? Cleared of all charges. And has nothing to do with "robbing Bernie of the election."
I did read the leaked emails, actually, and there was certainly plenty for her to be resigning over. Her job was to be unbiased. She failed at that. Badly. And it's pretty easy to get cleared of all charges when immunity deals get given to the people at the center of the scandal, the evidence gets ignored and destroyed with the investigator's cooperation, immunity deals don't get revoked after false statements were given, evidence proving your excuse to be a lie is ignored, a new intent requirement is pulled out of thin air to allow your (false) excuse to be accepted, and the director ignores the recommendations of the investigation team and unilaterally decides what an entirely separate department would do. It's going to go down in US history as one of the FBI's worst bungled/sabotaged investigations.
> Her job was to be unbiased. She failed at that. Badly. In all those emails there were like 7 that had people in a tizzy. 3 of them or so were staffers talking slightly negatively about Bernie. And these were private emails among people. These weren't them saying them on the record. Go ahead and show what Debbie said directly. > immunity deals don't get revoked after false statements were given Citation needed. > evidence proving your excuse to be a lie is ignored, a new intent requirement is pulled out of thin air to allow your (false) excuse to be accepted Citation needed >the director ignores the recommendations of the investigation team and unilaterally decides what an entirely separate department would do. Citation needed
If for the past few months you've ignored everything except what was said about Weaver, what guarantee can you give that you'll read what I provide if I go through all the work of getting the various links to show you what you've ignored and have requested citations for? If your ears have been plugged and eyes have been shut to such a great degree already, can they even be opened at this point?
> Did you read the actual leaked emails that caused that to happen? Because honestly, it wasn't really anything to resign over. She did it to placate a vocal outcry and was already on her way out. Well, it was a convenient out, as EVERYONE wanted her gone anyway.
> There are very, very few cases where changing a presidential nominee this close to an election is a good thing, but this is one of them. Not even sure that's a possibility - ballots are printed, deadlines are passed, and many people have already voted. I mean, Obama took advantage of early voting this week, so it's definitely too late to get his vote.
yeah good point - I wonder what the deadline is? I mean I guess if you're party is doing that bad, that close to the election then you're in trouble either way, but is there an official point where both parties can't change?
Yep. Got my ballot in the mail yesterday. Republicans gotta carry this tar baby to term.
It's possible the Trump campaign could have blunted the poonghazi tape in a Sanders - Trump election [by bringing up his essay that said women have rape fantasies.](http://www.snopes.com/bernie-sanders-essay/) We'll never know, but I suspect we'd be looking at a much closer election that would be leaning toward Trump had Sanders won the nomination.
Plus I'm not sure Sanders would have, well, been as mean as Clinton. The woman takes no prisoners, which is what you need against Trump.
I don't understand "the government needs to change" aspect. Trump would just fire back "you've done nothing for the last thirty years". He would also say Bernie is part of the establishment so either way Trump comes out anti establishment.
True, but I think Bernie is in a better position to handle it than Hillary - "Clinton" has been a household name in politics for 2, almost 3 generations of americans, and synonymous with establishment - Back when Bernie was getting arrested and protesting. Trump is more representative of corporate interests when he's standing next to Bernie, so taking that tact would be less effective - could even backfire.
Bernie would not be able to capitalise on the Trump Tapes due to his own rape fantasy and suspect comments on paediphilia
Her husband was involved in politics but Bernie's been in the government since the 80s. In a way but it could also look like a successful business vs a politician that does nothing. Trump could say things like "you never provide people with jobs" or "how come you haven't done anything" '"well I took advantage of the system because I din't want to end up like you" "How can a politician who's been in the senate for years all of a sudden stand up to isis?" and finally attack him on his lack of faith and comments on castro. Bernie not being religious would lose so many voters. Hillary less religious then Bernie but she pretends to be, exactly like Trump. Which is almost laughable that people believe him (there are interviews saying he doesn't believe in god) but somehow people do. It's so freaking funny when a man like Trump pretends to be religious.
I disagree. Trump's whole rise was facilitated by his emasculating his primarily male opponents. His technique of berating other men made them look weak and I suspect that would have continued in the primary. This approach with a woman instead has had a very negative effect on how people perceive Trump.
that's a very good point - I hadn't considered it. His treatment of women was pivotal, and Hilary worked well to reinforce any attack he attempted on her (rather than her policy).
Especially with those tapes. It just paints a very disturbing picture of a man who hates women.
I hate Hillary but I thought she won the first two debates, and my impression last night was that Trump won. This morning I realized that the reason I thought that was because I had drank 10 beers before this debate even started. In some way it all makes sense to me now.
Trump did basically coast through the primary because his voters wanted "a president they could have a beer with" maybe there is a correlation.
Ironically, since he doesn't drink, he's the only president you couldn't have a beer with.
He's not someone you would have a beer with, he's someone you would snort lines off an underage prostitute's ass with.
Trump's entire campaign is based on drunk logic.
It's ok man, we all make mistakes. Like confusing abortion with C-Sections, or making up words like "bigly". Just remember, he inspects more women than anyone. Believe me.
I hate trump but isn't he saying "big league"?
Well considering those are two words, I don't know.
Unfortunately, as much as I hate to admit, [Bigly](http://www.dictionary.com/browse/bigly) is indeed a word. But some people were thinking that what he said was "big league", which is possible but make even less sense.
Yeah ..we need to solve this mystery..is he saying big league or bigly? His son claims he's saying big league but either way he over uses.
It is confirmed on his team's twitter, its [Big league](https://twitter.com/TeamTrump/status/788930895600160769).
Hehhe....like so it's his version of -big time?
A very cromulent point.
> cromulent So, because of the context, I am ashamed to say I actually had to find out if this was a real term. I am further shamed to discover this is a Simpsons reference I didn't catch. Well played.
Bigly is a real word.
Used by no one.
But it is real. You can't say he made up.
Totally. It is a contraction for the words "Big League" that he made up.
He does have the best words. No one has better words than him. Everyone says that.
Bigly Smalls
Bigly Bigly Bigly, can't you see
Ed Bigly Jr
He inspects a tremendous amount of women. His belief in the pro-life cause is like a magnet, he just grabs them right by the pussy to see if they are pregnant or not.
He actually does this to defend them against surprise, sneak-attack abortions.
It's kind of inspirational really.
Chris Wallace did the best of all the hosts.
I agree. I love Anderson Cooper, but yeah
That was absolutely perfect. Camera shows Clinton laughing with her family, Trump standing alone on stage looking confused. I couldn't have possibly come up with a better metaphor.
Honestly, I thought this was a total wash. However, the talking points out of tonight will be. 1) Not willing to accept election results. 2) We have some bad hombres. 3) You're a nasty woman.
I felt the same way until about halfway through. He started out strong, kept his composure for a while, and seemed mature. But then in the second half he reverted back to his typical jackass self and lost it.
Best HRC performance of the 3. Total knockout, head shot, whatever you want to call it. Totally destroyed that bigot.
And so fun to watch.
Thank you for your impartial opinion.
Trump seemed so *paranoid* when he was blaming Hillary for the women who have spoken out against him. Fits right in with his claims on everything else, though.
"We shouldn't be talking about if Trump is going to lose" Bitch, your candidate is literally complaining on an almost hourly basis that the election is rigged
The reason trump hasn't been able to explain his policies more is because he's stuck on chapter 11.
I don't get people who are like, "I can't vote for either of these candidates". Like... Clinton seems like a perfectly fine candidate from these debates.
I know, I can't see their point of view. Its just an excuse for uninformed lazy people. Those are the types that don't vote to begin with.
Right? She was presidential as fuck.
Even if Clinton is a #crookedoldemailwrinklewoman she's CLEARLY the better candidate, which is why I don't get people like that. She could murder a child on the debate stage at this point and still be the better candidate, it's really not that hard of a decision.
I cant believe there are still undecideds at this point. You either hate hillary so much that you are willing to vote for Trump, you are an racist raging idiot who supports and believes Trump, or you support Hillary regardless of how much you dislike her. After a year and a bit everyone should have an idea on who to vote for. I think sometimes undecideds just like the attention that comes with being the last ones to decide the election.
Some people have been against Clinton ever since she was first lady. They didn't like her response to the affair, they didn't like her handling of Benghazi, and they didn't like the emails or the wikileak information. She's no perfect woman, but she's been through the rigor of politics, and despite what Trump spews out every debate, she actually knows how to get shit done.
They've bought into the lies from the right. It's fine to be skeptical and to have questions. There is no such thing as a perfect candidate, and you should have concerns about anyone running for President. But Hillary has been the center of a 20+ year smear campaign because of her name and nothing else.
Trump actually started decently. Rhetoric wasn't necessarily good but he at least had the tone of a president. Then 5 minutes passed and he fucking imploded
Clinton baited him by saying he choked with the Mexican president.
I agree. I didn't watch the debate, instead read the live updates, but I felt like the first 10-20 minutes were pretty coherent. For better or for worse, Trump's syntax and word choice went back to weird soon after.
wrong
Fox was saying Trump committed political suicide.
All the Trump supporters are now spamming this post, but are late to the party.
Okay something I've noticed tonight is how often Donald Trump looks directly into the head of the microphone in front of him as he talks into it. Polished speakers obviously don't do this, but it's hilarious. It looks like he is unsure by which properties a microphone operates. But he also does it when he knows he just said something he shouldn't have. Anyone else notice this?
He's having microphone problems. Every time he talks into it, stupid shit comes out the other side.
He has to keep reminding himself it's on. Look what happened the last time he talked into a hot mic unknowingly.
Trump * got noticeably flustered around 30 minutes when neither Hillary nor the moderator was putting up with his shit * had a 'binders full of women' moment with 'bad hombres' * called Hillary a nasty woman * Rambled on incoherently about random incomprehensible points. * tried to debate the moderator * Edit: refused to say if he'd accept the results Hillary * Had a couple good moments (abortion, 'women know', 'everything is rigged to Trump') * Mostly the same talking points she's used before * No major screw ups but she did pivot pretty hard away from several questions
Lost Won
There was a moment... however brief... that I thought I saw genuine Hillary. It was during the "Last 30 Years" rant she went on. I approved of what I saw.
Agreed, she's playing with the lead though so that's the smart move
You forgot to mention the most terrifying part when Trump said he would "hold you in suspense" about whether or not he'll accept the outcome of the election.
'member when "binders full of women" was the worst statement ever uttered during a recent campaign?
Trump doubled down on behaving like a child. Clinton came prepared with facts and out classed him. I have no way of understanding people that say trump did well tonight. he got slaughtered in that debate.
By facts you mean keenly edited factual sounding assertions? Don't forget, Hitlery is first a criminal and second, a lawyer. It's amazing how she can recall all those incorrect facts, but she can't recall a fucking thing she did as secretary of state to destroy our security, because she decided to hide her criminal pay for play on a home email server? Just amazing.
year long FBI investigation and senate hearings turned up nothing...but thats not good enough for you right?
Oh you mean the investigation that the AG made go away after meeting with Clinton's husband? The same one where Comey refused to refer for prosecution because he decided to make up law instead of enforcing it? You mean the same one where Hillary lied over and over again to the American people and the FBI? Same investigation where the FBI gave 5 central criminal conspirators immunity for nothing and even destroyed evidence ( Cheryl Mills Laptop that had classified data)? Yeah by FBI investigation, you mean coordinated coverup to look like an investigation. No one with a brain is buying your shit. On to the senate investigation, do you mean the one where a subpoena was sent to Hillary for her emails, she then destroyed 33000 of them and instructed her IT staff to wipe the server, thus destroying evidence, obstructing justice and committing potential Felonies? The same investigation that the FBI hindered by granting immunity to witnesses who will never testify and destroyed evidence that the Senate cannot subpeona now? No that's not good enough for me. When the FBI agents are seeking representation because they believe their boss is corrupt and are about to expose him and the AG, you know this nation is fucked. It'll be worse with a power mad psycho like Hillary at the helm.
Stopped reading at "Hitlery".
[removed]
Hi `photoddgrapher`. Thank you for participating in /r/Politics. However, [your comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/58eh18/2016_presidential_race_third_presidential/d904sji) has been removed for the following reason(s): * Your comment does not meet our [comment civility rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil). Please be civil. If you have any questions about this removal, please feel free to [message the moderators.](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/politics&subject=Question regarding the removal of this comment by /u/photoddgrapher&message=I have a question regarding the removal of this [comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/58eh18/2016_presidential_race_third_presidential/d904sji?context=10000\))
But you expect us to read your shit when you call Trump a fascist. Makes sense though. The minute you see something that you disagree with, your bigoted mindset blocks it out instantly, and you scramble for an excuse to get out of the situation.
Everyone is yelling about what the other side has done/said wrong, and no one will admit that neither should be president and this election has gone comically wrong. She has commited many felonies and should be in jail. Trump has no idea what he is doing or how the system works on a geopolitical scale and lacks basic scientific or polotical knowledge. Everythone sucks. We all lose.
Summed up everything I feel about this election. I haven't really found a Politician that I COMPLETELY agreed with since I was old enough to vote. But I can honestly say that this is the first election that I just feel America is completely fucked either way. Its sad when we are forced to decide the shiniest of two shits to lead what is/was the greatest nation on earth.
A lot of projection there. FYI: I don't tune out because you disagree with me, I tune out because you sound like a complete moron.
> I don't tune you out because you disagree with me, I tune you out because you sound like a complete moron. (Because you disagree with me). xDDDDDDDD
Nice one.
That's what I do, which is why my bigoted mind checked out of the election Trump said a few hundred stupid things.
Donald Trump has no respect for the 1st, 2nd, 4th, 5th, 6th, 8th, 9th, or 10th amendments. He says he expects the election to be stolen, and has run a campaign based on saying that he will do things that are unconstitutional.
Same here. That's pretty much automatic in getting me to tune somebody out
So did everyone else.
Who even cares? Much rather have an intelligent and corrupt president rather than a blithering idiot that spends his days dribbling over the Oval Office.
Hillary may steal my money, but Trump will steal my freedom.
> By facts you mean keenly edited factual sounding assertions? She edited the debate while participating in it? Damn, that's the kind of superpowers we need in a president.
Have you missed the emails of them spending hours on a single tweet to make it sound absolutely perfect? Nothing she says are her own words.
As it should be for any serious candidate. Any candidate who "speaks his heart" isn't fit to be in politics.
And I beg to differ. I'd be much more inclined to support Hillary if she would ever act human and show us what *she* believes. Not the people that run her campaign. I'm inclined to believe that she doesn't even know what she believes anymore.
Really? I think her core belief is pretty evident. She believes that the government should be involved in solving people's problems. She believes in experts.
Yes, that is what adults do when they want to be the president. They don't pull out their smartphone at 3am and fire off whatever asinine comment is on their mind.
They just pretend to by having "-H" at the end of prepared, focus grouped replies?
Have you ever heard of signatures?
Yup, but it was widely believed that the -H signified her personally tweeting. http://www.latimes.com/nation/politics/trailguide/la-na-trailguide-updates-hillary-clinton-has-been-on-a-twitter-1473941352-htmlstory.html "Unlike Trump, who appears to write many of his most biting tweets himself, Clinton's criticism appears to be staff-produced. Most of the tweets do not end with the "-H" signature that indicates Clinton wrote them."
When people who hate you are going to comb over every syllable you say to try and prove you are evil and hate America it's prudent to make sure you phrase things right
And look how much better she comes off as because of it. I know in your mind, Donald Trump going off at 3am telling people to look at a sex tape is somehow "Presidential" but for the rest of us in the real world, which encompasses a section of voters *he needs to win*, he comes off as a petty and unhinged psychopath.
I'd much rather know what the person that I am voting for is actually thinking than what their billion dollar team was able to workshop for them. At least then I have some idea of what they actually stand for over what happens to sound best at the time. I also don't think that she really came off that great during the debate. She just ignored half of the questions including ones of her taking money from countries that she knows funds terrorism. Funds people that have literally tried to kill my friends and colleagues.
You'd rather have a singular opinion from someone, but the truth is that strategy isn't just formed by one person when you're President. You have advisors and legal teams who help form extremely complicated policy.
Absolutely, but that doesn't mean that you need entire teams of people spending hours laying out exactly what you say word for word. Having people write a speech? Cool. Having people write out your responses to interview questions? Fine. Needing people to write and prep everything that you say or do in public? That's a problem. To me, at least. It just screams that you aren't honest enough to trust yourself to not fuck up badly enough to not be recoverable. If you read any emails of the leaks, this isn't any earth shattering revelation or anything. Even her own staff says this shit. For instance: >But her inability to just do a national interview and communicate genuine feelings of remorse and regret is now, I fear, becoming a character problem (more so than honesty).
Wow, it's almost like being a successful politician means having a carefully curated public image and a team of specialists to help you best phrase your explanations of your plans and beliefs. And of course no other presidential candidate has staff members responsible for their social media. Hillary's probably the first person to hire speechwriters, too!
Yeah, the thing is that she's not the one that's involved in the prep. Everyone else just creates the image for her. None of "her ideas" are her own
Seriously, why does that matter? Pride of authorship isn't important. I like that Clinton's plans are based on the advice of experts. A leader isn't effective because they're the ones scribbling ideas on napkins.
How do you know this for sure?
All of the emails proving it. There are tons of them going back and forth about tweets and her official stance on issues where they completely change what she thinks on the fly. It's kind of crazy. Plus the whole "public and private" stance on issues doesn't help her case.
Fun fact: all human beings have a space between their humerus and clavicle. There are tendons holding the humerus in place, creating a "ball and socket" joint that allows for a wide range of motion. About four years ago, when I was in a car accident, they X-rayed my arm and it turns out that my "space" is about twice as large as the average person's. Among other things, this means that I can play jumprope with my arms, and having my hands cuffed behind my back really isn't a problem for me. And if I'm raising my hand fast enough, my shoulder pops out a little. I think you must have a similar condition, because that was the biggest fucking reach I've seen and yet you don't seem to have sprained anything.
It's literally in the emails, man. You can keep your head in the sand if you want, but the proof is there.
You Sir, live in an alternative Universe... where no one grows up. "Hitlery"?
Trump actually did get a few factoids right, and most importantly, he only looked like a complete idiot three times. It's enough to make him look better, because this is the most uneven election I have ever heard of.
This is why he's only solid with uneducated white males, and historically losing the white vote to her otherwise.
Economy is a disaster. Trade is a disaster. Our enemies have been waking all over us. The establishment has been ruining our country. And Hillary is responsible because of both every thing she has done and everything she has not done for at least 30 years. Further, Trump alone can fix it all, and he knows the system better than anyone. Why, your orangeness, did you wait until you were 70 to save us? Edit: a word
He was surprisingly less orange last night than he usually was. I wonder who cut him off?
Trump ain't the only year old in this thread ;)
You accidentally a word.
Why hasn't Hillary passed a law to prevent me from making that mistake, I mean she's been at this for 30 years.
He's not wrong.
He is wrong. She was a legislator for 8 years, 2001 to 2009. Tell me Mr. Trump, how do you think a bill becomes a law?
She was also a Senator, and changes to the federal tax law have to originate in the House. Someone should send him some Schoolhouse Rock! tapes.
Yes and then she has 1% of the say if the Bill gets to the Senate
He is forgetting that she wasn't a dictator during those 30 years...
"Forgetting".... The quotes matter ;-)
She's a neo-grammar nazi.
It's her fault I took all these sleazy tax breaks I legally took because she was first lady in 1995 and could have passed laws to raise my taxes and close my loopholes! It's her fault I lost $1billion that I wrote off my taxes because she's supposed to regulate real estate businesses to rein in scumbags who screw with the system! Unlike her, I promise to roll back regulations and cut taxes on the superrich! MAGA!
Donald Trump really is a raging jackass of an hombre.
Scariest thing: Trump basically admitting he's going to stir shit up with "rigged" rhetoric if he loses.
you mean like gore did?
When they kept on the topic it was interesting, when they didn't it was a clusterfuck Implying Hillary is somehow responsible for the refugee crysis is just pure evil The closing statements spoke a lot about them, one appeals to the greatness of Americans and their value, the other says shit is awful and he can fix it
"I'll keep you in suspense." Really? This is not a damn David Fincher movie, you're running to be President of the United States.
Yeah. That one bugged me. I am not a fan of slick politicians which Clinton leans towards but Christ, you need **some** political savvy and shit like that is childish.
Trump lost. President Clinton incoming.
"Nasty woman" now on CNN. Saying it's not going to play well with women.
I'm starting to think that Trump did this as a joke, and to trick some idiots to vote for him and his ridiculous policies, but he got to far because too many people thought he was serious and now hes desperate to lose and just says the most ridiculous shit ever.
This whole thing for him since 2008 has been vanity campaign to get free publicity. This year, the GOP field was so goddamn awful that he was able to stand out as unique and that got him the nomination against a very flawed HRC. Bottom line, what was and has always been a self-promotion stunt took on a life of it's own this go around and now here we are with Critterhead Crazypants as the GOP nominee.
This seems true. Plus he was friendly with the Clintons prior to this election. They're probably just doing all this to laugh about it over cocktails next year.
Or he's just crazy.
Im confused about how Trump might not accept the outcome of the debate. If Hillary wins would he just march on in to the oval office and declare victory or leave America? In what way could he refuse the outcome?
My honest fear is he will stoke violence, or *hint* at it. He's gotten his base very riled up, thinking Hillary is the devil incarnate. We can't see the future, but my prediction is it won't be pretty. Blood will be on his hands unless he accepts defeat, even if it's sarcastic and whiny. Assuming he loses of course.
Go look up McCain consession speech, Romney concession speech, gore consession speech. Trump could say "take your guns and take over your local city hall, I, Donald J Trump do not accept Hillary as our President and I'm calling for a violent revolution," that's what he might do.
Yeah, the first one. He would declare the results illegitimate and either people that supported him and believe he's right will violently try to seize power, or they will just complain and that will be the end of it.
Just say he doesn't concede or doesn't believe the results. Whip his most engaged supporters into even more of a frenzy Doubt he does it, but he's crazy for even suggesting it. He will lose even more support due to this
Traditionally the losing candidate gives a gracious speech in which they concede, accept the results, tell their supporters to rally behind the next President, and wish the next President luck. It's a pretty big deal and part of the democratic process bringing together the country after a tough campaign. It's part of what keeps people from rioting in the streets or resisting the results. Not doing that would be unprecedented and very dangerous. It's not what Trump would do, it's what he would cause his supporters to do if he refused to concede. If even 10 or 20% of the country felt the election results were invalid it creates huge issues in terms of democratic stability.
Not congratulate her, call for a recount, get his supporters riled up and pissed. A lot of badness could happen, and it would be really depressing.
He could incite his uneducated, bitter, tainted followers to violence. It wouldn't accomplish anything, but there could be injury or death to innocent people.
If enough people get together after the election results, a recount is called on, including an investigation on the validity of each vote (ie dead people who are somehow voting)
saying the election is rigged, which is all he's been doing lately
Instead of just congratulating her, he could host a rally and proclaim that it was all rigged and he should have been the rightful winner.
Lawyers
And since all other Republicans including his own running mate and campaign manager refuse to back him up on this, really, what is he going to do?
Trump did pretty badly. He is pretty much done. I just hope there aren't riots after the elections...
It'll be white people, so hopefully they just occupy a random wildlife sanctuary.
CNN now talking about polishing turds. That's where we are. That's where this election has taken us.
We're the floatiest turd ever.
I think Chris Wallace did a great job. Tough questions to both candidates.
Forget about everything Trump said like not paying federal income taxes make him smart, or that he would jail his political opponent if he wins, him saying that he probably will not accept the result of the US Presidential Elections has got to be the BIGGEST failure he has ever said in all of the three debates, absolutely disgusting.
Pretty in line with the GOP. "If Clinton wins we stonewall the Supreme Court nomination forever!"
"Hombre isn't offensive" two white folks against two people of color
i've seen hombre/jose used lots of times on television. And without incident. I guess it's only become offensive in the last 12 months or something.
It's offensive because they need it to be so that they can politicize it.
I don't think it's an outright offensive word like the n-word. But it was really shitty in context, there was no need for it.
yes, i agree, in that context it was offensive. but it's weird cause hombre/'no way jose' is so commonplace in everyday speak.
I'd probably be just as bugged if he used "No Way Jose" at the same place. It carries a weird offensive connotation when it's in the context of an argument of latino immigrants being dangerous.
Trump JR just said if Donald was a politician his whole life, he'd be "the greatest politician in the history of the world" ummmm, what reality do these people live in??
Julius Cesaer and Napoleon just called and ask if his refrigerator is running...
But I thought the fact that Hillary had 30 years of experience was bad.
9 Trump plants in that "undecided group"
ISIS is coming in through the Mexican border....yeah that guy is totally undecided.
i don't know that hes decided or not, but if he believes that, who knows what he will believe next week
Anything Trump and Hannity tells him
Fact checking does not favor Trump.
That's what happens when you get all your news from conspiracy theory ***DOOM*** peddlers.
never does.
I mean let's be real, if fact checking would have swayed people it would have done so already...
Over 50% of voters think he's dishonest and he's down by over 6 points in polls. I think it has had an impact.
He should be down 20 points.
Interesting tidbit about CNN's panel: John King and Dana Bash used to be married.
I knew they were married, but when did they get divorced?
2012, according to Wiki
That actually blew my mind lol. I had to Google it.
Andrea Mitchell (MSNBC) is Alan Greenspan's (Fed Chairman under Bill Clinton) wife. Chris Cuomo is a member of the Cuomo Political Family.
Wow, didn't know that. I wonder if Mitchell ever reported on Greenspan during the recession.
Used to be. He was always watching touchy TV. Damn magic board.
Huh. TIL.
Wow, I'm actually shocked.
They also have a child together.
I hope he doesn't hyphenate and call himself Bash-King.
"I Hillary Rodham Clinton do so solemnly swear" coming 1/20/17
Its really gonna be somethin' and very few people will care. Shame.
Brb gonna book for tickets to D.C.
I've never voted before. Only registered beginning of this month as a democrat. Never before did I feel strongly for a candidate so never bothered voting, but now I have a sole purpose of voting, to make sure Trump doesn't win.
I try to vote on nearly every damn thing I can. The way I see it. I waste way too much time on upvotes and downvotes, likes, and thumbs up, but the only fucking vote that really matters in life is actually doing your civic duty and voting in elections.
My first vote was the 08 democratic primary solely to vote against Hillary. This year, I'm gladly pulling the lever for her.
I'd pay to watch Van Jones and Kayleigh hate fuck. And I've never paid for porn.
I'll be in my bunk
Dude, I hate to say that I've thought about that
Undecided voters are the worst hahaha. How are you undecided at this point?
I'm deciding whether I should vote for Trump, who I hate slightly less than Clinton, or Johnson, who has no chance.
If you live in a swing state, please educate your self. As you saw tonight, there is a huge difference. Here's a good start: http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/frontline/film/the-choice-2016/ Also downticket votes matter. If you were a Bernie supporter like me, he's going to get a powerful position in the Senate if the Democrats can gain control of the Senate. Not to mention and end of the Republican obstructionism bullshit.
*links to a site that doesn't even mention one the candidates I said I might vote for*
What are you talking about? It's all about Trump and Clinton? As you said Johnson has no chance.
I said I am either voting for Trump or Johnson. I would never vote for Clinton. Edit: if I vote based on my morals I will vote for Johnson. If I vote based on being realistic, I will vote for Trump. I have yet to decide.
Give me a "deplorable" any day.
They were promised a buffet and slot machine tokens.
They're not. They just like the attention
They're keeping us in suspense
very low information voters
Clinton saved her best debate for last.
And it made me switch my vote.. to Trump.
The one where she got grilled, never answered a question directly, and tried to pivot any time her faults were brought up?
Trump's plan will cost america 20 trillion dollars in tax cuts. Even the conservative financial pillars are saying the numbers make no sense and don't add up. I'm voting for Hillary as a fiscal conservative based on this data from right websites including wall street journal.
Legit chance Trump deplorables will start a mob on Nov. 9th.
Yes, a good chance. Get it over with so we can move on.
Night of November 8th.
November 28th**
28.5th*
*Nov 29th
If you support trump, the candidate (not conservative politics) you're objectively not a good person. This isn't partisan mud slinging, this is common human decency. The man is a hateful, ignorant bully who has no respect for anyone. Do the right thing America
Dehumanizing much?
There are plenty of good people who support trump, don't be ridiculous. Ignorance doesn't equal malice, you're just being a bully.
If you support someone who has admitted to molesting women, has 10+ rape accusations behind him, has made many extreamly racist comments on Hispanics and Muslims, constantly encouges his fanbase to be violent, and has no basic understanding of democracy, then you're a shitty person with serious bad judgement, end of story. Sorry if you don't like it, maybe you shouldn't openly support a facist if you don't want people crititizing you.
I never said I supported him, in fact quite the opposite. But seeing people on 'my side' make such bullshit claims like 'everyone who doesn't think like me is objectively a bad person' is every bit as irritating as when the other side does it to. The fact that you immediately assumed I 'openly supported a fascist' for voicing moderation and understanding just shows you're part of the problem too.
No, there is no excuse for being ignorant about trump considering how everything he says is deplorable. People have a responsibility.
I hope one day you see the hypocrisy in your words, until then you're as blind as the people you hate.
I never said I hate them. I said they have a responsibility. And they do.
Deplorables! Lol. You aren't shaming anyone pal.
If you're beyond feeling shame you're literally deplorable
And please help hold the people that put their party before their country by supporting this hateful, uncurious, and having no clue how government works, bofoon accountable on Election Day.
[deleted]
That's a response straight to the Breitbart readership. It would have done nothing for him. His actual response was bad too.
He absolutely blew it. He basically confirmed he's nothing more than the court jester by using his 1 minute to taunt her.
But nationalism isn't a good thing......
He isn't intelligent or focused enough to do that.
They're both not equally bad. You could argue that their differently bad, but they're not equally bad. One is clearly qualified for the job, and one is clearly not. Let's be honest the other parties don't stand a chance. These are our options. This can go two ways, a close win, or a lopsided victory. Refusing to vote, or third party means that we get this same show in 4 years as neither party will feel the need to change. However if it's a lopsided victory, at least one party will have to evolve. That's how we as citizens change things. Now it comes down to your conscience again. Not who you like, (remember you like neither), who do you honestly think is the most qualified for the job. Adulting is hard. We all go to work everyday, and not always to our enjoyment. It's to take care of our families. Voting in this election is taking care of our families.
Oh please, appealing to our "adulthood" is insulting. There are some people don't trust *either* candidate to do right by "our family". One candidate has *said* dangerous things, the other has *done* dangerous things. One of them will win for sure, but neither of them deserve my vote, and I will not vote against my conscience. That is my right. But I won't be seen as a turncoat or saboteur by people like you. If the votes are lopsided, it's a reflection of the American conscience. It's true, one of them will win, more than likely Clinton. But a shift is occurring among voters, and it will continue. If the parties refuse to evolve as a result, the Dems. will go the way of the GOP and fast.
This is literally the worst candidate the DNC has ever backed. I have faith in the DNC far more than the GOP. 3 cycles now without a viable candidate is a serious sign they are out of touch of today's society
> But I won't be seen as a turncoat or saboteur by people like you. lol yeah you will
Okay, then I won't put much thought into what close minded morons think of me. Thanks for clearing that up
Nonsense! If the vote is close, or heaven forbid Trump wins, it's the fault of people like you who vote third party, end of story, period. It's certainly not the fault of all the people who vote Trump. (Sincerely, someone who has nothing but disdain for the assholes who blame third-party voters. And yeah, I'm voting third party. If only I knew who.)
That's fine if you *really* believe in your third party candidate/party. I personally don't think either third party candidate or party are worth supporting.
I slightly disagree with your comment on there only being the two choices. As a country, if we show enough people want to vote for another election with separate candidates there is nothing saying it will happen, but it will have more of an impact than relegating all votes to a lesser of evils. We don't have to go French Revolution and behead anyone, but the United States won't collapse without a president and we need to make sure who we swear in will be representative of the population and their ideals. No one person can fit the multitudes of opinions that run gamut in our country but there are core principles most everyone do believe in. Protection for the future is one of the greatest promises of a government and right now both candidates threaten the future of the entire planet. I will step off the soapbox now, but I find it interesting that no one I've spoken to has mentioned this as a possible outcome. Even those who say they don't believe in either and want to vote third party don't mention voting for another election. We as a people have more power than is typically allotted us. The electoral college chooses from the two candidates, pretty much what usually happens, but the popular vote can show a different metric. Gore is talked about in textbooks for how the election was decided, I hope the people would not be silenced from history for showing their unwillingness to cooperate with a system that gamed them and who they chose as leaders.
> third party means that we get this same show in 4 years as neither party will feel the need to change. Maybe. Here's my thinking on my own vote: The election isn't won by popular national vote; it's won by the electoral college vote. Which means that my presidential vote *only* counts in my state. Now, my state is not a swing state and is very reliably Democratic in presidential races. I guess it's *theoretically* possible for Hillary to lose here, but she'd have to suffer such a catastrophic collapse that she'd pretty much lose everywhere else as well. So it turns out that the presidential race in my state is pretty much predetermined and my vote really isn't going to make a difference for either major party candidate. :( However: I'm tired of the conservatives constantly pulling the nation to the right; I'm a progressive and I want some loud voices on the left to help pull things the other way. Now, if any political party gets at least 5% of the vote, they become eligible for grants and funds from the FEC for the election; IIRC, this year it would've been about 90 million USD, which would buy a lot of ads to apply pressure on the issues that concern me. Since (because of where I live) my vote won't matter to Hillary, I'm voting for the Green Party. While I have reservations about their governing ability, I continue to hold the [extremely faint] hope that they'll reach 5% and we can start a national conversation about progressive issues. And yeah, I realise that reaching 5% is a pretty faint hope indeed! But it's also the one case where my vote might have an actual impact on things, which is why I'm going to vote Green.
Reading body language, as Trump might say, at the end of the debate he very clearly looked slumped over, shoulders low, no smile, much like the first one. He knew he had bombed.
Hillary fucking dismantled Trump piece by piece.
It was surgical.
all anyone is going to be talking about tomorrow is "such a nasty woman." 4 words and Trump completely tanked the fact that he'd been having a pretty OK debate compared to the other two.
That's pretty much all they're talking about on Fox News right now even
He could've easily said "She cheated to beat Bernie, how will I know that she won't cheat in the general election?". There were so many simple answers he could've given to a lot of questions. I seriously think that Trump is incompetent in live debates now.
Imagine how incompetent he'd be in the situation room.
"You mean blackmailing Bernie into supporting you?"
He could have brought up Gore's fight in 2000.
Trump was ok for the first 25 minutes then he got utterly raped by Hillary.
I thought her comments on guns and abortion were better.
Have to agree with you on that, especially abortion.
It was an emotional answer that you can't really argue against. I know people who've had to have late term abortions and it's never a fun thing.
Undecideds - WTF are you waiting for at this point ?
Undecided should be shipped to Alcatraz. Useless people.
You sound like a Trump policy maker! You're hired!
they're brains to boot up
The alarm clock.
Attention.
I know quite a few people, myself included, that haven't fully made up their mind. I was at the very least waiting for this debate before fully deciding but even now I'm still not fully in one camp. Obviously Trump is quite far from ideal, but I worry about Hillary from a global perspective. She and Obama both are very globalist minded (as referenced in the debate when she was quoted as wanting an 'open trade hemisphere' or something to that extent) which bothers me. I also don't think she's actually against TPP. I could see her easily flip flopping after making some "great compromises" that may or may not actually address the concerns the general public has with TPP. I also think her various scandals are on a more significant level than Donald's past comments or alleged actions that everyone focuses on.
I bet they aren't going to vote tbh
This seems the most apt answer.
Holy shit, CNN curb stomping Trump with fact checking right now on the nuclear and undocumented workers. Kinda almost feel sorry for the guy.
It's okay. Don't.
And he'll most likely say "media is biased and corrupt"
If you watch CNN which I presume you both do, then you'd know that it is corrupt.
[deleted]
Saying Trump gave his best performance is like saying little Timmy finally didn't smear poop all over the room.
Bravo Chris Wallace. We actually got to talk about real issues for once in this debate.
I hope they don't renew this show for another season. It's just too unrealistic.
Queens. Bad hombres there.
Hambres* FTFY
Can we just vote for Chris Wallace?
Right? That guy should moderate debates from now on. Once he is to old or is done with it, he trains the next moderator.
He out performed what I was lead to expect from him. Good job, IMO.
Rip Mr. Trump.
and good fucking riddance.
Hillary did what she needed to do. Run the ball. No turnovers. Trump didn't even do that badly, aside from his refusal to accept the outcome of the election, but you need to do better than that when you're as far behind as he appears to be.
If Trump was playing 999D Mother 3, he just got his head handed to him.
> playing 999D Mother 3 wew lad
I hope Trump gets a thesaurus for Christmas this year.
Vast swatches of land.
A tremendous thesaurus?
"I got this new thesaurus. You won't believe it. It's yuge. But I looked up the word 'bigly' and it wasn't there. SAD! The corrupt liberal thesaurus industry doesn't have the best words. I have the best words. I'm going to make words great again."
The only reason why anyone would think Trump won this debate is because the bar is set so exceptionally low for him.
Haha Clinton ran rings around Trump.
Donald is already on his way back to his supervillain lair. Hillary still shaking hands, taking pictures, having fun.
Honestly I'm a little disappointed in these debates because I thought Trump could at least pretend to be more presidential.
You don't think this is how he does business? Bullying when he can, bullshitting about his value and worth otherwise
Why would you think that? He's done nothing to present himself as presidential his entire campaign.
Nah.
He did it to launch Trump tv.
It's so sad visiting the_dumbass after debates and seeing comment after comment saying he destroyed her. Seriously. A good part of our country probably thought he won that debate and that's a scary thought.
Less than a month until we don't have to see Jeffrey fucking Lord's face on TV again.
Holy shit Van Jones on CNN "You can't polish this turd" take a bow sir!
I'm convinced trump's only goal is to destroy this country, because of his inability to run a successful company.
He wants to run the country like his company. I was waiting for Hillary to counter with - "does that mean we will file for bankruptcy 4 times and default on our debts because we also won't pay the taxes (equivalent)"
It was Donald's best performance, otherwise known as the 3rd shittiest debate performance I've ever seen.
I came here to say this. He did well in keeping Hillary on the defensive early on, but slowly unraveled like always. I dislike Clinton (immensely), but her arguments and stances in this debate seem sensible and cohesive enough for me to feel less upset about voting for her.
Same here, not a fan of Hilary, but at least she had answers to the questions.
I actually think he did better in the second. His refusal to accept the results and keep us in 'suspense' is going to be played nonstop.
So is the consensus that Trump got slaughtered? In a business trip and only caught parts of but it looked rough for him
pretty even in my opinion. trump had a handle on the economy, clinton easily won foreign policy. Nothing new really happened, it went exactly like one would expect.
> So is the consensus that Trump got slaughtered? More or less. Some polls will probably show the opposite, but anyone who watched it and wasn't already a Trump supporter is going to agree with your assessment. I'll give Trump credit for holding it together for the first 30 minutes or so. After that he slowly went down hill until his crash and burn final statement.
He looked like even more of a petulant child than normal tonight. He also said we have some "bad hombres" coming into the US, argued with the moderator, interrupted with "WRONG" a few dozen times, and said "we'll see" when asked if he'd accept the results of the election and concede if he loses. So he whined like a baby, looked like a chump on any foreign policy issue, and threatened American democracy. I'd say that's a slaughter...
Basically just a copy/paste of the first debate.
Yes. Badly.
So now the Republican talking point is that Al Gore didn't accept the outcome of the 2000 election?? Are you fucking kidding me??
Yes he did, he did after the courts ruled on it.
That pivot on Russia was genius, it was all down hill from there for Trump.
What was the biggest bloodbath? The Cubs/Dodgers game or the the clown suit Hillary put on Trump?
Which debate were you watching? The one in your head?
[Kellyanne Conway be like](https://media.giphy.com/media/4pMX5rJ4PYAEM/giphy.gif)
I don't agree with what she says but damn she spins questions like no other especially with the amount of crap she's had to deal with.
Agreed. Have to give her credit when it's due.
So glad van Jones talked about Trump comparing our growth to India's
CBS's "undecided" voters: *Describe clinton's debate performance.* >SNOOZEFEST! >CRIMINAL ACTRESS! Sure sound like undecided to me.
You can be undecided and still not like a candidate.
well I guess you could be undecided between trump and not voting or something.
Van Jones pimp slappin dem Trump supportaz
His dementia doesn't allow him to focus.
Possibly in four years and one month: "Why should President Trump move out of the White House when we all know that election was rigged?" "We're not going to let the liars and cheaters take over America. We're going to keep America great. #KAG" "Electoral College people are a bunch of losers, very corrupt" "We're not going to let a Democrat illegally immigrate into the White House #KAG"
This should have been the next jump in logic but somehow I never even thought about it from that angle before. Ugh, you elicited a literal shudder from me.
Trump surrogates banging on Twitter as unscientific is fucking hilarious.
Kaleigh and Van will probably have a fistfight or glorious hate sex.
She was super racist when at school. I don't think she'd talk to someone who's not white.
Very true. Watch her all but recoil when he expresses intelligent opinions.
i vote fr b
We'll know shortly, live poll results coming in minutes.
Hahaaaaa... "When Donald Trump goes back to normal life he should take out a patent on a self-kicking machine" -Van Jones
Van Jones just hit a fucking grand slam on the media bit.
CNN/ORC Poll: Clinton 52% Trump: 39%
Am I the only one seeing that this doesn't add up to 100%? Was there a no winner option too or is the data messed up?
there's a "neither" option.
I assumed so but no one had mentioned it only the 52/39
10/10 WOULD WITNESS THREE-DEBATE SWEEP AGAIN A+++++
That feels a bit low tbh
I thought so too.
**CNN POLL** Who won the debate? Hillary: 52% Trump: 39% *note: not a very legitimate poll*
Yes it is.
That is, technically, his best score from CNN's instant polls i believe
352-186 for the 10th consecutive day. http://howwillamericavote.com/
Is that reliable?
Its more thoroughly sourced than 538.
Does electoral-vote.com have a reputation? That's where I've been going.
electoral-vote.com was the "first" to aggregate polls, they did it in 2000. [They use a very simple methodology that is basically a 7 day average.](http://www.electoral-vote.com/evp2016/Info/map-algorithm.html) Most of the "prediction" sites do the same thing. The central premise is that polling is accurate and predictive, and that turns out to be the case. So long as you're using poll data its pretty easy to be predictive. I personally dislike all the complicated math some sites do, while losing focus on the raw data. Electoral-vote is super straight forward and has been historically accurate. http://howwillamericavote.com has the most complete database of polling data. Their "model" uses pure polling data and a local regression. http://election.princeton.edu is another really good site.
Local regression?
A regression is basically a mathematical algorithm that attempts to fit a trend line to a set of data. The local part of the regression gives greater weight to more recent data. [Here's an example of a local regression plot](http://howwillamericavote.com/matchups.aspx?ID=517). The curve more closely fits with the dots plotted. [Here's an example of a non-local regression](http://howwillamericavote.com/matchups.aspx?id=517&technique=poly). It still follows the data but its a little less specific. The difference is more noticeable when there are swings. California isn't the best example of a swing. Edit, the math breaks down on a local regression when the data is spaced far apart. This can be seen on the 3rd party candidates with the strange spikes, so while the local part is nice, it requires more data.
Thanks! learn something every day
So I take it they have a good track record then.
They don't really aim to predict. Its just raw polling, but their implication is that raw polling is just as accurate as some complicated model. [Here's 2012](http://howwillamericavote.com/president.aspx?candidate=440) from the same site, Florida is only the "wrong" state, but Florida is well understood to have been essentially a toss-up. They don't have complete data from 2012, hence the stripes, because I'm guessing the data entry takes forever and Disney isn't writing the checks. They collect sub-sample data which allows a lot more in depth analysis. You can filter by demographic and different methodologies. Click on a state and there is even more filtering capability.
Trump Deplorables doing deplorable shit as usual in the background
Gloria just threw up her hands and muttered "I cant" when the potato Corey started blabbing about Gore.
Gore is going to come onto the CNN set and beat Corey and Lord into the ground for attempting to use his situation to defend Trump.
If the system were truly rigged, the people claiming "rigged" wouldn't have been hired by CNN in the first place for them to state their case
It's not Trump I'm worried about accepting the imminent defeat,it's his supporters.
Tea Party 2.0 incoming
It's like a more extreme crazy version. Which I didn't think was possible. I wish I was wrong.
I really hope they include "deplorable" in the name.
or his non-concession speech to take to the streets
Why the fuck is no one calling out that weasel Corey on the "33 lies" bullshit when Republican head of FBI, Comey is on record saying she didnt lie to FBI. Just want to punch him on the face.
Comey was appointed to the head of the FBI under Obama ... And regardless, there is hard evidence that would make any reasonable person thinm Hillary did lie to the FBI. She doesnt want to be barking up that tree.
And is a staunch republican who has spoken out against the Clintons multiple times.
yea, thats usually how it works
Him and Kaleigh just scream stupidity everytime their guy looks dumb, so pretty much always. Cats in a trap.
I think that's why they keep swapping out Trump surrogates - so the others don't start taking swings.
Nicole Wallace just started crying while reading Bush I's letter to Bill Clinton when he won the 1992 election. Bush the first will go down as a much better president than Reagan or his son.
Doubt it
George H.W. Bush was a gentleman and a moderate. Desert Storm was a stunning balance between scale and precision - one of the last military adventures with a precisely defined objective. Unfortunately, he bore the brunt of the economic downturn, and his policy chops and advisors were too weak to turn it around. But that was largely just a case of bad luck... or, rather, the obvious fallout from eight years of strong Republican leadership!
Well his boss gutted the progressive tax system of America that had been in place since WW1. There was no way forward but down after that.
Much like Obama dealing with the aftermath of George W. Bush's debt-tastic economies, coupled with Alan Greenspan's moral-hazard factory.
Do you have a link? Would love to see that
Hillary Clinton was on message but it was more than that. She was strong with rebuttals. Now, admittedly, Donald Trump was strong with rebuttals but it is not enough. Trump was rattled by Clinton's comment about Russia. He went off the deep end. I would not be surprised if he says, "The debate was rigged!" The debate was not rigged unless you live in Trump Fantasyland. Even at the moderator level of the debate, the debate was still off. Chris Wallace acted like the George W. Bush Presidency never happened. Trump was no better than Wallace. He was dismissing that viral video with him "discussing" women with Billy Bush that is losing him voters day by day. What an idiot! He lied about the economy during the Bill Clinton Presidency. He's so worried about a relatively paltry 6 billion missing from the Department of State under Hillary Clinton when 2.3 *trillion* went missing from the Department of Defense under Donald Rumsfeld. Donald Trump is an unknown. Hillary Clinton is well known and while she may ultimately be a one-term President, she won't be as bad as a two-term President Trump, or worse. RIP GOP. This is the man they want to have the nuclear codes?!? I am voting for Hillary Clinton.
Chris Wallace, true to form, asked a bunch of ideologically biased "gotcha" questions. His shit on the debt is a prime example. He presented a right wing talking point about the necessity of cutting entitlements as proven fact (it isn't). In fact this whole debate was seemingly about who can pander to fiscal conservatives the most. I almost get the impression that Wallace was trying to throw Trump a bone but he wouldn't bite
I think Hillary will be determined to prove herself and that may ultimately lead to favorable outcomes that will win her a second term.
Expectations will be very low and she's honestly fairly underestimated at this point - I think she could surprise a lot of people with her deftness for domestic legislation, that could be a pathway to a second term.
You make a good point there.
Here's the fact-check for the State Department claim: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2016/10/13/trumps-false-claim-that-clinton-lost-6-billion-at-state/
They're saying there was only 27 minutes of civility.
This was cancer.
Trump got his pussy grabbed tonight
Hillary won it when she brought out every single one of Trump's gaffes.
It was almost a normal debate. Should have brought your A game before, Trump. Too little, too late
[deleted]
Go ahead and debate me if you're able!
Nah, November 28th is a long ways away
All things considered, this was the best semi-actual debate.
After the debate was over and Hillary was walking to the moderator Trump looked pissed. He would be less angry if he lied less.
okay, trump and hillary supporters, mostly trump fans, let me hear your story.
Well I highly doubt trump has a chance anymore it was the same as the last three debates he kept cutting her off rambling about Isis and Obama and how Hilary is evil and a liar when he has lied so many times throughout this that its not even funny.
Jesus I need a beer after that shit show...
Waaaaay ahead of you
Trump was terrible.
So Hill won, right? Donald was a little more on point, but still major word salad and a lot of rambling and attacking. I only caught the last half.
I only saw the second half as well and from what I saw "on point" is not even close to describing him
I said "a little".
Why does CNN keep saying Donald was disciplined and prepared until the he said he won't accept the election results?
recency bias, and they are being asked to give commentary immediately after the debate.
Trump's response to a lot of comments: "She's wrong."
I just felt like Trump had given up even before he entered this debate. Madam President it is then. Go out and vote people!
I liked it when he wished Hillary luck.
Chris Wallace, you've earned yourself a few drinks.
He certainly has! Probably needs a good lie-down.
Would there be interest from the general public in a debate where the time limits were treated with respect and the non-speakers mic was off when it wasn't their turn? Or is the overtime and interuptions an integral part of the draw of these debates?
I'm here for the show, damn it. I say let em fight.
I find the interruptions and interjections infuriating. But then again, people think nothing of interrupting one another in everyday conversation anymore. Maybe it's just a change in cultural rules.
Look at ratings for Fox News or CNN vs. C-SPAN. There's your answer.
I would love that
Was he sick?
certainly looked like it.
Less sniffles.
Really looks pale compared to usual.
Sniff?
His glassy, red eyes, and hoarse voice made it seem like there was a health issue.
I almost forgot! The best part is coming up where crazy people call into C-SPAN!
Conway on CNN. Uhoh.
"I'm not a potted plant!"..."wrong."
Kellyanne Conway is delusional
oh my god. Kelly Anne just contrasted what happened in 2000 to what will happen in a few weeks.
>Who won tonight's debate? > >• 14 say Trump >• 12 say Clinton >• 4 say it was a draw https://twitter.com/FrankLuntz/status/788932822199177216 Never change, Frank.
Which is much worse for Trump than last time
Good news, considering his last focus group was like entirely for Trump.
Deleted?
Apparently. There is a new one though: https://twitter.com/FrankLuntz/status/788934049481957377
i honest to god don't know how people legitimately watched that and thought trump even remotely won
This bitch Conway... They're perfect for each other.
Honestly, [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FgyUoE5w-Go) is what watching the debate tonight felt like.
What do the Jesus signs say behind the news crew on CNN?
I think this right here is functionally the wrap up of the Presidential election. Provided Hillary voters don't get complacent. ONLY if they don't get complacent.
[removed]
Pretty badly. Literally reduced to calling Hillary names. Hillary talked positions every chance she got, trump attacked her every chance he got, a whole plateful of wacky conspiracy rambling bullshit. Trump typically *very* short on detail of any policy positions, foreign or domestic, but he did promise to only appoint pro-life justices to COTUS
Considering the headlines are that Trump might not accept election results, he didn't do himself any real favors.
Yup. Highlights "What a nasty woman", "Ill let that be a surprise (about if he'll promote riots post election)"
yes
It's posted, go watch it.
He said he might not accept the election results so....yea
Yeah p much.
yea, she owned him a few times
Of course. What else would you expect?
yes
you can watch it even if it's not live
Lets say he said he respects women, and 20 minutes later he whispers to hillary: "what a nasty woman"
Complete Anal Devastation, his worst one until now.
*Madam President if you're nasty ~*
Every microphone Kellyanne will go to tonight will ask her the same question... it was a HUGE foot in mouth moment
Context?
with trump saying he wont accept the result
It's pretty bad when a candidate for US President taking the side of Putin over 17 US intelligence agencies is *not* the most controversial thing he said.
its a shame that this will be pushed back cause this is saying i'm not going to trust what americans tell me
can i get a source for the 17?
Wallace and Clinton both said it in the debate (that 17 of them said Russia did the hacking) and Trump responded without disputing that there were 17 US intelligence agencies who said it. He disputed that the intelligence agencies were actually correct in what they said. That was in the debate. Here's a [transcript](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/10/19/the-final-trump-clinton-debate-transcript-annotated/) - search for "17".
No, i want the source of the 17 agencies.
lol now trumpets are talking about al gore. lol
Props to Chris Wallace. Go figure the best moderator to date was from our most feared news station. Also, wow Donald. You just couldn't get it done.
Trump criticizing Reagan's trade policies is going to hurt him
What an ass-whooping. How can he be president of US with the limited vocabulary. "[Putin] has no respect for our president"... as if he has.
Donald managed to keep a lid on it for maybe 30 mins. Back to first debate pattern. Inverse of second.
He said "Lots of luck, HIllary," which was basically conceding the election results ahead of time.
ABC is freaking out about the rigged campaign talk. Saying it is the worst moment in American politics
Jeffrey Lord is gonna cry at how stupid he is.
I'm amazed at what an idiot this guy is. Why is he on TV?
CNN right now "you can't polish this turd"
"Bad hombres" currently has 130K tweets. We've got our next talking point folks.
Expect "nasty woman" to start trending soon, too
Cnn is making it about not accepting the election.
As it should be.
Van Jones: "You cannot polish this turd." Holy shit
Speak the truth, Van Jones.
"You cant polish this turd." - Van Jones
I can't imagine how SNL can make the third debate anymore comical than it already is
Probably have Hillary replace her podium with the presidential seal... look to Chris Wallace... and have him give her a "kind a" hand shake and have her nod along and put it away. Then pull it out again at the end.
Kate McKinnon
CNN literally talking the specifics of "turd polishing" post presidential debate. lmao
"You can't polish this turd"
Kayleigh looking good tonight, doing a terrible job spinning this shitshow
Even Anderson can't take this bullshit anymore lol
CNN should have sat their commentators from right to left based on their political standing
Is the black guy right leaning?
Van Jones is great. He's also 90 degrees
I am so glad this debate cycle is over. I am so over this nonsense. Wake me up the morning of November 8th so I don't have to witness the rest of the shit show this election has become.
You should register for mail in ballots, if they offer it in your state, I voted today and get an extra month of being done with the election.
You are right. I will in the morning.
John C. Breckinridge was the last time we refused to accept a presidental election. ...that turned out well for us
I need Baldwin and McKinnon's version of this right now! It should be glorious.
it took me all year. but i came.
You know you're supposed to go to the doctor after four hours right?
Just turned on to CNN... this is better than the debate... lol
who's this Jesus guy with the signs at the back?? which party is he running for?
A church in California thinks it's the end of the world. [as we know it.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0GFRcFm-aY) I feel fine.
They should turn off the candidates microphones when it's not their turn to talk so we can hear less bickering... Just a thought
Nope, then you wouldn't know just how unfit a person is for any public office.
Jeffrey Lord is watching some other debates. What is he even talking about anymore?
regardless what that guy on CNN is talking about he's got great white hair...
you're the winner here.
its fantastic... my hair is slowly going white and i'm gonna wish i can swish it like he can...
Jeffery Lord actually lives by a lake...AS A GOOSE.
I don't understand this comment but I like it a lot.
What is with the yelling?
I'm really curious to know what Jeff Lord and Kayleigh McEnany are like when the cameras aren't rolling and they aren't spinning for all they're worth to earn those paychecks. They *have* to actually be decent enough folks because I can't imagine the rest of CNN's panel could have managed to not tear their heads off and put them on spikes as examples by this point if they were like this all the time
[I finally connected what Trump saying "Bigly" and not saying proper answers reminds me of.](https://youtu.be/YSIzXiPydPQ?t=3m45s)
I literally drilled trumps big orange head with a sock tonight. Its not good throwing things at your tv :(
who is this girl going crazy on cnn
Van Jones for President
LL Cool J
Man, Frank Luntz was being incredibly rude during the focus group discussion on CBS. He was pretty much just yelling at people instead of interviewing them.
They sure as fuck aren't undecided. *Describe clinton's debate performance.* SNOOZEFEST! CRIMINAL ACTRESS! wow, so undecided.
They were undecided voters I'm sure anyone would be yelling at them by that point.
He mocked other people so it's fine... just wat
Did they install Jeffrey Lord in this position to make all conservatives look like complete fucking idiots? Surely they can find someone more intelligent than this man.
What did he do?
he makes the stupidest, most idiotic arguments over and over.
Not really
Your the puppet!!!
You're the puppet.
what are those people yelling about in the background on CNN? I want to hear them argue!
Clintion said she would invest in education that was the difference
Van Jones the economy expert.
Hugh hewitt takes on maddow; i agree with the last sentence, the rest of was jibberish, but continue... anyone else miss olbermann?
He's doing political commentary for GQ now.
I've seen it, it's bad. His best work will always be on sportscenter when he was a step or two ahead. It's hard to explain but i think dennis miller on MNF should be enough of an explantion. The guy held center left when the entire nation went hard right. Phil Donuhue even lost his job for being less honest. He's also a godamn prick and from what i've read hellish to work with. However, once upon a time, even he managed to put aside his ego to tell truth to power. It's fucking pathetic he nearly stood alone...
No protestors on PBS. Dull as ever - I love it.
LMFAO Jeffery Lorde is such a dumbass.
Did this dude just bring up the n word?? Wtf
Guy with the gofundme has $524. Smart kid.
I'm talking to Jesus right now. These signs really work
Donald Trump Jr is definitely on coke. Holy shit slow down there big guy.
Anderson is full, "Yea, but nah" mode with Kayleigh and Jeff.
There's a lot of bad hombres in this thread
These big ass Jesus signs may be working guys...
Wonder if Anderson Cooper is itching to wack the idiot on his left.
Jeff Lord head-shaped Dildos now going on SALE.
axelrod & jones are the real MVPs tonight. wallace was pretty good too.
why is he bringing up Al Gore... COME ON FOCUS OF THE WELLBEING ON THE COUNTRY
Being on this panel is beneath the likes of David Axelrod
I can't wait for the SNL skit.
Entire MSNBC panel is drunk on disbelief.
Any of them have to be carted off on an ambulance?
Watching MSNBC and I think that Rachel Maddow and I could be friends. Of course, she'd be smarter than me about politics and so I wouldn't respond to any of her questions directly. Seems familiar for some reason...
Man, I just cannot stand her delivery. It drives me insane. It takes her 10 minutes to make a single point, and the point is usually something obvious or that I read about two days ago. It's like listening to an album with one decent song and the rest are filler.
A bit professorial, eh? I have the same tendency, yet I hate other people who do it that way. I agree, but what I really dislike about her is her smugness. I tend to agree with her points though.
39% still abit high
Not really. It's his base.
I still can't accept that his base is that big... the truth is painful
His base is ignorant people who just vote Republican because that's what they've always done because that's what their parents, grandparents, and great grandparents have always done. I'm fairly certain the Democrats have a similar percent that do the same. People who vote like this treat politics like supporting your local sports team. "The Republicans are having a bad year, but I'm still going to show up wearing my colors and hope we pull off a win!" The important thing is what the 20% of Americans who actually use their brains to vote will do.
Horrifying
in a weird reversal yogov is more "clinton wins" than CNN this time.
Trumps rambling talk about the Middle East really was off putting. He hates Oran. It loves Assad who is in bed with Iran. WTF?
We just had someone pull a Pete Rose lean on CNN.
We KNOW ISIS is coming in on the southern border?
Alert: Mark Cuban on Fox
Just to note the CNN poll was unlike the last two (which skewed quite dem) only d+1 this time, if it was the same split as Debate 2 it'd of been a slightly bigger victory for Clinton, like the yougov poll got.
Does Donald grab the "nasty parts" of "nasty women"? No wonder Hillary doesn't shake his hand anymore.
Corey Lewandowski is the epitome of Trumpism. He is 100% attack posturing with zero accountability for reality and past positions.
The brilliant David Axelrod going head to head with Corey Lewandowski. Lambs don't dine with wolves, Corey.
Axe is a fuckin giant compared to Corey.
Absolutely.
Can those fucking freaks in the back of the CNN panel shut the hell up?
>Can those fucking freaks in the back of the CNN panel shut the hell up? No. That's Trump's silent majority. Trump doesn't understand the word "silent" any better than he understands other words in the English language like "respect" and "temperment."
Replay of Trump's 'You made me do it' defense re: foreign steel.
Moderator Van lol
CNN, the poll results on the side of the building was dumb
Symbolizes Trump's personal 9/11
Fox News says Malik Obama will be on after these commercials
So... They're just going to ignore the support of Hammas? Republicans are nothing if not reliably inconsistent.
l don't know.... but l guess l'll (shamefully) watch
Yeah, Malik Obama is sort of a douche. Hamas supporter, ays his main reason for supporting Trump is his anti-gay stance, married one of his (multiple wives) while she was still a teenager. But he's Obama's estranged brother, which means he's anti-Obama, so he's a-okay to Fox News.
Spit out your gum, Sean
Haven't seen it - I want to watch this with English subtitles that are synced with the audio. Where should I do that?
The presidential debate is better than any trilogies I have watched in a long time. I only wish it was 30 minutes longer and shown at AMC because I don't have gummy bears stocked at home.
Yep. Saw this coming. Lots of fodder! [That's one Bigly Bad Hombre](http://www.zazzle.com/bigly_bad_hombre_t_shirt-235558767384997291)
Michelle is absolutely killing this speech.
What the actual fuck did I just watch AGAIN. 90 minutes I'm never getting back.
Trump and Clinton speaking at a catholic fundraiser. Self deprecating jokes is the tradition. Watching on cnn. It's pretty good.
Trump is humiliating himself.
*humiliating Hillary
https://twitter.com/HillaryClinton/status/788931981446877184
Lmao
I may disagree with Trump, I may make fun of him, and I may not want him president, but "we'll see" is not a response to whether he'll accept the results of the election, He had many chances to say 'Yes' and failed to do so. He could've said that he thinks the election could be rigged, and that he's going to follow the laws in place to challenge the results if he loses, or that he would but wouldn't like it or literally anything that implied he **could** accept he may lose the election.
He sounded unpatriotic to me.
The post debate focus group was literally the most frustrating thing I've ever watched. The people obviously lapped up Trump's used car salesman tactics. The $6 billion dollars that was "lost"? These people were talking about it like it was a real thing that happened! I just can't facepalm fast enough.
People who are somehow still undecided this close to an election are not exactly the sharpest knives in the drawer.
How's that? They are both so terrible. The one thing that doesn't make hillary the default for me is the way she is talking about Russia. It's straight propaganda.
> How's that? They are both so terrible. Then the decision would be not to vote, not undecided. Undecided implies you don't know who you're going to vote. Saying they're both terrible implies you're not voting. Undecided at this point = Haven't really cared and don't care but feel like they should care so they just go with being undecided.
I think you might be confused - it's Trump who [directly quotes Russian propaganda](http://www.npr.org/2016/10/11/497520017/trump-apparently-quotes-russian-propaganda-to-slam-clinton-on-benghazi).
http://www.theonion.com/article/undecided-voter-pretty-sure-hes-some-kind-of-idiot-30229
Bingo, why we hold these people up as paragons of wisdom every 4 years blows my mind.
Yes - we are all much smarter than those other people that are not as smart as us. Did I mention how uninformed those other people are that aren't us? Wouldn't it just be awesome if everyone was as smart as us and there weren't other people? Gosh - I just can't believe how smart we are for not being them. Those people are the worst.
Did you really have to write the same shitty, tired point three times? What, everyone who has an opinion has a good opinion? We should never think we know better than someone?
I'm just pointing out how super smart we all are - and how awful those other people are that disagree with everything we think. I mean we're all super smart in here, and we all agree with each other. And everyone that doesn't agree is really not worth the attention they sometimes get. I mean seriously, being undecided *now* of all times? What a bunch of uninformed voters.....just ridiculously uninformed if you ask me........way more uninformed than I am. I feel so much better now that we've established how awful other people are. Those other people are just the worst, and we all absolutely agree with eachother on that, because we're super smart. And super smart people make decisions at the exact same time. And those other lame people that don't, well they are super duper uninformed. Probably not even worth listening to about anything. They probably drool when they speak. Troglodytes the lot of them if you ask me. Why even bother thinking about what their opinions are or how they come to them. They are just those other people----definitely not us smart people. Right - cause you're super duper smart. You know a good opinion from a bad opinion right away. Good job smarty.
What?
Donald you fucking buffoon I swear the next time you say "Nobody has more respect for women than me." I'm gonna find a place to rush the stage and slap you. You might as well be saying anybody who believes this is an idiot.
If you rushed the stage to assault a presidential candidate... wouldn't end well for you. And is that locker room talk? Because talking about physically assaulting someone is no joking matter. It's like if Hillary had said what Donald said, you'd just claim that it's a woman's right to do with her body as she pleases. Omg the hypocrisy is amazzzinnngg.
Amen
Bad trumpy! Bad. Back to your hole! Besides I can just wait for the loss when he goes back to being a regular orangutan. Then again orangutans are crazy strong, maybe I don't wanna mess with that. Potentially a lot of power in those tiny hands.
Literally 100% of the reason I'm voting Trump is because of the total lack of humility, or civility of the majority of Hillary supporters. Trumpy? That's just a poor excuse for insults. My hole? I'm middle class, the same as (most likely) you. What separates us? The fact that I don't believe in closing specific ways for me to purchase my guns? The fact that I don't believe we should just bomb Middle-Eastern countries without realworld ground intelligence? I'm literally voting Trump because of people like you.
That is your reason? When we have seen so many utterly horrific Trump supporters? If you are looking for supporters of a candidate that have done nothing you should vote for one of the third party candidates simply because there are less of them so there are less chance of there being bad ones. Heck if you are voting because of the people who support them and not their actual policies you probably shouldn't vote.
Here's the thing though: I have equal amount Trump, and Clinton supporters in my social circle. I can understand your thought when all you know is the internet, and what YouTube comments are like, etc, but when it comes to legitimate, personal debate, when I speak to a Clinton (C) supporter, there's so much hatred in their eyes for a Trump (T) supporter. I mean burning, intense, rage and disgust for someone who supports a different candidate than them. Trump supporters in my circle? Mostly mockery and joke-telling, but I've never seen hatred in the heart of someone who supports T. Maybe that's because I don't live in Arkansas, where C's assume all T's live. Who knows. I just know that I'm more fed up with the intense hatred that elections cause, and I have my right to my vote. The fact that neither party can really truly accept that someone else has a differing of opinions than themselves without calling them names is utterly despicable. It wrenches my gut to see everyday people tear at each others' throats over something that will, in all seriousness, have very little effect on their real life.
I realized something when my Dad stumbled across Flat Earthers. I didn't learn anything about Flat Earthers. I'd known about that. What was interesting was how incredibly vociferous his attitude towards them was. I think the difference between my normal respose to them and my Dad's is entirely rooted in our concepts of how much it matters. I tend to focus on the main perps and get fascinated pondering whether it's idiocy or artful trolling. It is sort of a modern Voynich manuscript. My Dad, however, seems to focus more on all the rubes that get sucked into it. So to him, he sees this as both evidence of and cause of a hasty downward trend to scientific illiteracy as a society. And, as such, it violates an underlying belief or perception that we are PROGRESSING as a society or species. So he HATES it. I imagine part of your issue is a lack of appreciation of how much things could indeed change in ways that affect people. It could be your Clinton supporter friends are just jerks. But it could be that they would not at all agree with you that things wouldn't be all that different no matter who wins.
I really don't have an issue. I'm completely at peace. I'm not raged up, or in anger at people. I just see what I see and respond accordingly. I really do hope for things to happen in ways that affect people. I.e. Men go back to being snake eating, bare chested symbols of all that is badass, instead of what we are now. I don't have to agree with literally anything about the Trans movement, or this otherkin thing that seems to be plaguing people's minds, and that's 100% my right to have my opinion on it. I don't believe in safe spaces, gun free zones, or that every child is a special snowflake. Join the military, or go over to the middle east. Those people don't have identity crisis issues. They have "Don't get bombed today" issues. This country has become so damn soft. I want to affect people. I really, honestly do. I just think we have differing views on how they should be changed. What you see as demeaning to trans, or triggering, I see as "Good. Get triggered. Use that rage to make real change in the world, not just blog about it on Tumblr."
In his own mind, nobody can do anything as good as Donald Trump.
He's a clown.
CNN is so biased against Donald Trump that they allow two actual Donald Trump defenders to participate in the post-debate analysis. They will literally stop at nothing to undermine his credibility. It's allll rigged, folks.
Riiiiiiiiiiiiiight
2 Donald trump supporters vs 7 Clinton supporters. They are so fair! Way to go CNN!! 
to be fair they are getting harder and harder to find
[removed]
>In a proper society Hillary Clinton would have 100% of the vote hahahahahaha If she came into your house and shot your whole family, i'd bet you still tout that same line..
Kind of let's you know how many really stupid people are in this country.
I respect undecided voters less than I respect Republicans.
Why?
Holier than thou. Holier than thou. You're both stupid, newsflash.
Being as unbiased as possible. Clinton won. No doubt about it. But I already thought she was a much better candidate than Trump.
The_Dipshit on suicide watch. That or in complete delusion thinking that Trump crushed it.... lol
They're all off brigading the online polls right now.
He could have a heart attack and die on stage before anything was even said and they would still be adamant that he won.
They always believe he won. Even when he inevitably loses he election they're going to carry on as if he's president
You know the answer.
Utter delusion. That's what's going on.
Trump blew it, with all the leaks he had, he didn't really pushed harder to get people to look at the Podesta emails instead he got egged on by Clinton. There was not even much talk about limiting the terms of politicians which would be a good point, because it would get some of the tired voters to him. Again, he got irritated by irrelevant stuff.
And he didn't back off the rigged election. What an idiot.
Should have brought up the voter fraud video. Much disappoint.
As a white person. I hate when white people try to tell POC what is or isnt offensive. That shit makes me sick. > oh you're just being PC!!! FOH
Who are these undecided voters? Where do they find these wackos?
A god damned bomb shelter, as far as I can tell. No way you've seen the sky in the last 6 months and could still not know who to vote for.
I think it's fair to say that whoever is left undecided at this point is truly a low information voter.
Question for any historical junkies: In the election of 1860, you know, the one that helped set off the civil war, did Lincoln's opponent stir up this much of a fuss about losing or was he not involved in the secession movement?
There was 4 candidates. They wouldn't get sworn in until like July rather than January, lincoln won handily, Brekeridge met with lincoln several times before he was officially sworn in
no, in the olden days racists had class
> "He didn't say he wasn't going to accept the election result." > \- Joe and Mika It sounds like Joe and Mika from Morning Joe want to audition for Trump TV next year. They are effusively praising Trump's debate performance. They are spouting the same talking points as Rudy Giuliani, Kellyann Conway, and the rest of Trump's sycophants.
They're saying that the media is the only reason we're talking about this, but there was an audible gasp in the room when Trump answered the question.
I think they want to lay the garden path to get delusional post-inaugural Trump on their show. The revisionism is certain to be absolutely epic with him.
I like how they act anti-right wing half the time. Then do this shit
It'd be funny if it wasn't sad. They're on a merry-go-round of whether Trump is the greatest candidate ever and he's getting a raw deal or whether he's horrible and should never hold any office. The last week or so they've been back on the Trump bandwagon saying the media's been lying about him, etc. I guess they don't include themselves in the whole media's been lying about him part when during the primaries they were doing everything they could to get Trump the nomination.
I try so hard to take them seriously, but every once in a while they remind me what a couple of lickspittle morons they are. How fucking asinine was Joe's impression of a wimpy Manhattan liberal sipping on a latte and cowering over Trump's words, as if the only people concerned about the basic function of our democracy are a bunch of Chicken Littles or media elites crying crocodile tears.
And then when the other guy (forget his name, the baseball fan) gave a real life example of a non elite who interpreted those words the same way, Joe and Mika were like "oh well."
He also said that a potential Trump presidency wouldn't be any worse to him than Bill Clinton's was. *Sad*.
Two words. Fucking rekt.
Yeah, she was destroyed.
Found the cuck.
Donald trump is a total fucking moron. Instead of even trying to appear just marginally presidential he doubled-down buzzwords, blanket statements, and his gibberish rants, and offered nothing to independents and undecided voters. They might as well swear Hillary into office right now.
This makes me want to create a sort of Moore's Law of conservative politics, each cycle they just Double down on the "derp."
Let's fucking do this Hillary won hands down. Donald kept stepping on his own dick, which is surprising considering the tremendous amount of distance between it and the floor
How rude of you to body shame someone.
That wasn't *me* saying that, that was just me repeating what I hear people saying. They're saying it in locker rooms, and on the cyber I assume.
Its fake. It falls off.
bless this
Fox News is even saying Trump hurt himself here, that's how bad Trump did
I'm shocked to be saying this, but Fox news has been a lot fairer this year than even CNN and MSNBC imo. Not all the reporters there are bad.
They said that he absolutely crushed it in the 2nd debate. Consensus was 60%-40% for Hillary. This one is going to be 80%-20%.
I thought Trump did well in *presenting who he is*. The first debate it was obvious that Clinton got under his skin, and he flew off the rails. The second debate he just attacked constantly. Finally, in the third debate, it felt like we finally got a picture of who Trump is without too many distractions. I don't think this will help him *win*, but I do feel like everyone has really been given an honest look at the man. The failure of him to "win" the debate is only a reflection of himself at this point. I don't think Clinton derailed him in any significant way, and his p-gate scandal was not on everyone's mind going into the debate. So... there you go folks. Get out and vote!
You're allowed to say pussy.
Trump will be defined by "I'll keep you in suspense".
I just spent 2 hours watching The Ring, and then I watched the last 10 minutes of this debate. The debate was far, far more terrifying.
Did Trump really say he's gonna keep us 'in suspense' on whether or not he'll accept the outcome of this election?
Yep. I think he will do things "bigly" also.
Yes, Trump did say that, and he's scum for doing so. (He was already scum for a lot of other things; this just reinforces it).
He doesn't have to accept it and technically, he doesn't need to concede. It won't change the outcome. I only hope that Clinton crushes it so hard that no challenge would be reasonable.
I'm not a Hillary fan but she destroyed him in these debates. It wasn't even fair. It was like Mike Tyson in his prime fighting a wheelchair bound child.
I don't think an in-depth analysis of this debate is really needed - it can be pretty much summed as "Donald Trump really couldn't have had a worse debate".
I'm feeling even better about my vote for Hillary Clinton now
conway on cnn chatting shit again chat shit get banged love...
Jamie Vardy 2016?
vardy/clinton 2016
She tucked tail and ran quick. Good on Dana for calling her on the concession question.
definately.... she could not spin that shit around...
Some of Donald's anti-Latino stuff was pretty blunt. But I guess there's not that many Latino undecideds in fairness.
There are some bad hombres walking around out there.
Ahaha a certain sub doesn't want to hear anything but 'Trump won' so they stickied a thread telling people not to watch post debate coverage. That's the weakest shit ever.
4 million people havent voted. They are registered. Jesus, If she wasnt so hot.
right?
The blonde Republican analyst on CNN bad as hell goddamn
She sold her soul cheap.
she's usually incredibly good at spinning Trump's nonsense
What the hell is she talking about? Edit: Now she is just outright lying
Kayleigh McEnany is a dunce. Saying that 4 million dead people voted.
The real problem in America. Zombies.
i want to throw my tv out the fucking window.
The Loser's Arguement: Voter fraud, dead people voting
"It's all rigged!"
How are any of these folks even taking these blonde lady serious on CNN? She is more r/conspiracy than Donald.
She's a pretty blond, that's why she's there.
Yeah, she's weird. I forgive Kellyanne because she seems smart enough that she's just working for the paycheck, but that blonde is a special kind of stupid.
The U.S. completed withdrawing troops from Iraq in 2011 under a deal signed by President Bush and at the request of the Iraqi government. When the civil war started in Syria next door, it provided a haven for militants from Iraq and Syria who took parts of Syria and moved into Iraq. Many analysts say the presence of U.S. troops might have kept ISIS from gaining so much ground in Iraq, but the group also took advantage of old divisions within Iraqi politics and sectarian groups. Larry Kaplow NPR Middle East Editor
I don't quite know why Hillary Clinton hasn't countered this goofy line of reasoning from Trump that she and Obama created ISIS. I guess she believes it's so silly it needs no response. Or more likely she's aware that anyone that is currently persuaded by such nonsense isn't going to change their opinion given facts. But one the most significant drivers here seems to be the way the BUSH administration handled the occupation in Iraq - essentially firing all the Iraqi military officers and going zero-tolerance on the Baath party.
Iraq told us to get out. I wanted out too. Obama was such an inspirational speaker.
Iraq told us to get out. I wanted out too. Obama was such an inspirational speaker.
Deplorables attacking in the background.
Irredeemable actions being taken!
Van Jones math is blowing Kayleigh's mind right now lol
Van Jones is dropping truth bombs left and right and I love him for it.
Being a Trump schill must be the best job in the world; you literally can say any flight of fancy crap and just run in your fantasy world.
I imagine they're suffering an Aronofsky-esque psychological breakdown behind the scenes.
I think at this point most of Trump's shills are actually bots.
CNN is awkward as fuck right now holy shit
That old dude and blonde chick defending "bad hombres" isn't racist, even remotely. Amazing. They might not have a job tomorrow.
the Trump surrogates on CNN clearly don't even believe their own bullshit.
Paid shills on television often falter when they only receive $15/hr
For as long as Presidential debates have happened, is this the first time a candidate has pulled a clean sweep?
Kerry won all 3 in 2004. Didn't really help him that much in the end, though.
kind of a different dynamic since it was vs an incumbent though.
low turnout we cant let that happen at all this time.
Kerry whupped Bush three times. And then swiftboat.
3/3
Debates over,who's drunk? I am. Need some water and washing cover mother Chet
hammered over here
I popped a beer. I don't do "drunk" anymore, but I'll be having a beer or two for sure after that shit show.
I had a hangnail that I forgot about because that debate was more painful...I don't want the debate back
Pence is blowing it on MSNBC. What a terrible answer. Will you accept the election results? "THE MEDIA IS BIASED"
It's not an answer, but he's not wrong.
I would argue that it's reasonably biased. First part of the bias is that Trump + surrogates draw ratings, it's hard to not pass up the sideshow. Second, the stupidity of what Trump says has to be address as it poses a danger to the country. We can't reasonably expect a balanced position because it's a lopsided equation.
He is absolutely wrong. He is saying the media is biased against Trump. They aren't. The media adores Trump. Trump equals more ratings. More ratings means more ad revenue. More ad revenue means higher profits. Higher profits leads to higher stock price. Not to mention every newscaster who gets higher ratings furthers their career. Trump is only here now because the media worshiped him for the last year and half. Trump makes them rich. The CEO of CBS said that exact statement.
Fucking deplorables! Go away! Stop screaming like children
Trump: http://i.imgur.com/2rrFBbH.gif
Weird hair. Check. Bad complexion. Check. Never succeeds. Check
Love it. Thank you, and thank you Van.
Corey is such an embarassment. He's a sniveling little weasel.
He's auditioning for Trump TV.
Who? Did i miss something?
He's such a space cadet.
One thing that to me is insanely laughable is that one of the two candidates for our Presidency tweets non-scientific polls. Like, what? Wouldn't even supporters of Trump be incredible embarrassed by that? I'm baffled.
Trump supporters don't live in reality and have little to no self-awareness. Just rage-fueled no-nothings.
Speaking of rape... did you guys see what Hillary just did to trump? absolute destruction.
Unfortunately Trump has lowered the bar so substantially that not being absolutely obliterated will play as a win for him.
Made him look her in the eye as she went balls deep
She was in fire tonight. She stumbled a little when pushed on Pay To Play accusations, but she rallied quickly on Trumps returns.
He consented by showing up on stage
Grabbed him by the pussy.
I'll be honest. I don't like Clinton. I think she's far too much of a hawk and that she's going to lead one of the most opaque administrations in US history. But it's literally *unthinkable* to me that a man like Trump would lead this country. Even putting aside temperament and character, he's completely unqualified and hasn't shown any desire to learn. She was playing chess out there; he was playing tic-tac-toe. I am not usually prone to hyperbole and exaggeration, but she **killed** that debate. I live in a solid blue state which Obama won by +14 points, and am voting for Johnson (on libertarian principle, not because I think he personally is particularly qualified) but when the real choice is Clinton vs. Trump, I'll take Clinton every time.
I shared your position on Clinton at the start of the year, but actually I think I've softened on her after seeing her at the DNC and the debates. I think she's in a good position to actually get some decent work done. I think the best analogy I heard was, it's as if someone offers you a choice of chicken, or shit mixed with broken glass, and you're asking "how's the chicken cooked?".
That's fair. And as I said, if a vote for Clinton in my state mattered, I would vote Clinton. I live in WA, and Obama won by 14 points in 2012. Clinton is going to win by even more. So I feel okay in voting less practically.
> I live in a solid blue state and am voting for Johnson (on libertarian principle, not because I think he personally is particularly qualified) How is this different to voting for trump? You're sending a message either way that you'll vote for somebody that isn't qualified. you might not like Hillary, but she is qualified. I would ideally like a candidate I like that was qualified, but if I don't like any I should pick the qualified one and hope for the best.
I live in WA, and Obama won this state by 14 points in 2012. Hillary is going to win by even more. So as someone whose political views are not represented by either Republicans or Democrats, I'm in the fortunate position to be able to allow the Democrats in my state to elect the winner while I express my real preference, which is not for Johnson, but for more libertarian principles to be applied to our government. Rest assured, if I lived in a contested swing state, I would vote Hillary, because it's literally unthinkable to me to have Trump as president.
I respect your honesty, and your commitment to your party, but unless you live in a sure fire Clinton state I cannot respect your protest vote. Gary Johnson is not going to be president, either Trump or Hillary are. Of course, a majority of Americans would prefer Clinton, but it's unsure whether or not the majority will actually cast a vote for her. What is certain is that every single one of Trumps supporters will be out there on Election Day. It's not true everywhere or for every election, but in this case it really is a lesser of two evils. A vote for anyone but Hillary is a vote for Trump.
I live in WA, Obama won the state by 14 points in 2012. Clinton is going to win by an even larger margin. I feel safe in voting for Johnson to express my desire for a more libertarian principled government. If I lived in a swing state, I would vote for Clinton.
That's good to hear. I have so much fucking anxiety about this election, I'm trying to do as much as I possibly can
I am anxious too. In a way that I have never been anxious before about an election.
But the real choice is Clinton Verse Trump. Don't you think even though your in a blue state, given that Trump just said he'd leave us in suspense about if he'll accept the election result, she needs your vote more than Johnson, just this time?
Nope, I live in WA. Obama last won this state by 14 points, Hillary is going to win by even more. Nobody is going to riot based on the election results in WA. If I lived in a swing state I'd vote for her.
Oh c'mon man Gary is weird as fuck.. I don't even think he supports all the libertarian causes..
I'm voting Johnson because I generally support libertarian principles. I agree that he's not a good candidate and would not be a good national leader.
fair enough man..there shouldn't be any obligation to vote for a lesser evil.. I don't believe Hillary is anywhere near as evil as they portray her but there's not much point to do that coz everyone's fixed their views about it..
**"Grab them by the pussy. You can do anything."** &nbsp; **Donald J. Trump** &nbsp; *Republican Nominee for President of the United States of America* &nbsp; \[=============] &nbsp; \[===========] &nbsp; \[--------------] &nbsp; \[-----------**0**-] &nbsp; \[--->----------] &nbsp; \[------------**=**] &nbsp; \[-------------] &nbsp; \[----------] &nbsp; \[_________] &nbsp; \[___ [==]__] &nbsp; \[___ [==]___] &nbsp; \[___ [==]_____] &nbsp; \[___ [==]_______] &nbsp; \[_____[==========]E &nbsp; &nbsp; *grabby grabby* &nbsp; \[_______________] &nbsp; \[______________] &nbsp; \[_____________] &nbsp; \.....[~~~~] &nbsp; \.....[~~~~] &nbsp; \.....[~~~~] &nbsp; \.....[~~~~] &nbsp; \.....[~~~] &nbsp; \.....[~~~] &nbsp; \.....[~~~] &nbsp; \.....[~~~] &nbsp; \.....[=====] &nbsp;
[======] [=======] [====-----] [===----0-] [===---------] [===-------=] [-----------] [---------] [_______] [___ [==]_] [___ [==]__] [___ [==]___] [___ [==]____] [_____[==========]E destroy destroy [____________] [_____________] [_____________] ..[____________] ...[___________] .............. .....[________]................___ /_| .....[_______]------------- _| .....[______]................... .....[_____] .....[~~~] .....[~~~] .....[=====]
Scott Adams on ASCII? Hey, everyone! I found Dilbert!
The beginning of a new copypasta. I like how the E is all that signifies his hand.
Not enough chub
hands too big
Absolutely buried trump nail in the coffin
lmfao not even close
Seriously this was trumps worst debate ever...
No, he killed it. But downvote me idc
You're in denial. Trump is so far behind that there is no daylight. All of the prominent pollsters have called it for Clinton. 538 puts the odds of a Clinton victory at near 90%. Yes, the same 538 who has called the last two elections with 99% accuracy - state by state. Almost all polls indicate Hillary won the 3rd debate. IMO, she was a commanding presence and embarrassed Trump. Even if I'm being generous; Trump's performance was not enough to dig him out of the hole he's in. Him not accepting the results of the election would be deplorable. Although, I think he will pussy out and concede, regardless of his rhetoric. Even if he doesn't, it will ultimately mean nothing. And your refusal will mean less. It's after the third debate. You asked me to contact you in late October. You won't respond...are ya scared of me, son?
> Almost all polls indicate Hillary won the 3rd debate. Show me lol I'm not scared of you, he's up in tracking polls. I really hope you know how much damning stuff has yet to come out about Clinton, because if you don't, you're in for a real surprise buddy. They've already been proven to have sent agitators to his rallies and participate in voter fraud. Women and democrats are completely oversampled in polls, and even then she's barely ahead
He's done. Pepe will shed a tear and move on. http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/clinton-probably-finished-off-trump-last-night/?ex_cid=2016-forecast.
[Why are you ignoring these polls?](https://i.sli.mg/E8gKko.png)
Give me an actual link to those individual poll results and I might fucking believe something you have to say. Shit man, one of those doesn't even add up to 100%. And another shows 4% of people think Clinton won? That's some Putin level rigging there.
I'm not stopping you from searching those polls. And they don't add up to 100 because they polled more than the two. Like, this isn't some conspiracy, it's right here in the flesh. Here, I'll even link a few so you don't have to waste your precious time making a grueling 5 second google search. http://drudgereport.com/flashlas.htm http://www.washingtontimes.com/polls/2016/oct/19/who-won-final-presidential-debate/ http://www.nj.com/politics/index.ssf/2016/10/poll_who_won_the_presidential_debate_101916_how_di.html https://twitter.com/cspan/status/780597822781468673
https://imgur.com/a/oN6sy here's two from that list that show Hillary winning. I'm sure the good ol' Washington Times and Drudge Report are also super reliable in their methods.
It's funny because that CT poll was at 60% Trump a couple hours post debate. Wonder what happened to give Clinton an extra 30% overnight?
Is it only me or did anyone else notice that Hillary red, blue and white for the three debates. Nice thinking by her campaign.
I'd noticed that as well
Only an autist would pick up on that. /s
Is it madam or madame president?
Madam.
Madam. She's married.
Madame
Trump got fucking railed lol
[deleted]
What's wrong with that dude
http://i.imgur.com/RxHXp44.gifv
Jesus fuck, you can tell he only said that to rile up his "Hillary is literally Satan" followers.
Nobody respects women more than Trump though...
What the fuck are these people on CNN talking about saying he improved? This was way more one-sided than the last debate.
He did improve a bit. But Hillary improved even more and widened the gap.
I thought he started out a lot calmer, making more sense than he did in the past. Then he unraveled, big time.
okay, so cnn and msm claims we're all angry and in pain... i'm an immigrant.. already early voted for her.. but just want to know if the rest of you are angry and in pain... i think that since 2008 our economy is a lot better and our kids (at least my kids born in 2014) have a better future than the bush admin.
I'm angry and in pain that we have an orange faced clown making a mockery of our democracy.
Trump's shtick has been that "we're doomed without him". He needs people to feel scared and vulnerable.
Not in pain, but things were definitely better 10-15 years ago than they are today. Thankfully I have no kids, but I can assure you if I did, they'd be much worse off than I was growing up. This isn't an only Bush or only Obama issue though.
Why do you say Bush Admin babies have worse future?
not the babies... the workers. lol. older brother graduted college in 2006... lost job in 2007... now is living off my income.. i dont mind.. but to say obama is the worst is an exaggeration
I just graduated from college and found myself choosing between jobs, so I'm good over here...
The recovery from the Bush disaster has not been as fast as I'd like, but it sure is better than going back to that.
My name is Hillary Clinton and I Get [Buckets](https://youtu.be/poWDJdcAbX4?t=12s)
HAHA Holy shit that just sent a wave of nostalgia through me. Thanks for random ass reference.
Dude was on point! "She was more believeable."
I would just say steady. She keeps the boat up, and there is nothing wrong with that
One word!
The crowd is hurting their own candidate. Hilarious.
I wish they put the candidates into soundproof rooms, asked a question, then let them respond. No talking over others, no knowledge of how your opponent responded, ideally just pure thoughts feelings on the questions.
Yeah, maybe someone would have answered On the Waterfront.
Just mute their mics when it's not their turn would help a lot
Sounds like an interview.
Yeah, that was a pretty dumb description of I gave. Maybe you only enable one microphone at a time for the allotted time. I haven't seen any of the three debates as being filled with intelligence debate, so I'm looking for other ideas.
The key point of the debate for me was when they talked about Roe v Wade. That was the tipping point. I'm not voting for either candidate, but Trump's stance on abortion is just terrifying. First of all, he doesn't seem to know the difference between an abortion and a c-section. Claiming that women are getting abortions a day before their due date is just fucking wrong on so many levels. Does he actually believe that to be true, or is he pandering to his uneducated, ultra-religious supporters? When he said he was going to appoint justices that were pro life in the hopes of overturning RvW, I almost choked on my dinner. He's so fucking out of touch it's unbelievable.
That's how they always attack abortion though - either extreme edge cases or just out right lies about the process. They make this big deal about late term abortions, like they're being performed the week the baby is due, and that's just not true. I'm sure there is the occasional extreme outlier where a pregnancy is aborted late - and always to save the life of the mother - but they are so few and far between, it makes about as much sense as claiming voter fraud (roughly 30 votes/cases in the last BILLION votes cast in this country) is a key issue.
But you are going to take a pass on it...
Pass on what? Voting? I'm going to vote, just not for either of these two.
That means you are voting for the greater of two evils. The presidential race is not the hill to die on for a protest vote, go lobby for a change in the FPTP system, go vote 3rd party in local elections, but the Commander in Chief is too important to world security. Just look at the repercussions of Bush winning Florida and NH due to Nader.
How is not voting for either candidate a vote for the lesser of two evils? I'm going to choose a candidate I believe in, and I refuse to vote for Clinton because Trump is a lunatic.
>How is not voting for either candidate a vote for the lesser of two evils? Because a two party vote is relative and one less vote for the lesser of two evils is a vote gained for the greater of two evils. If you have an issue with it being a two party system, then your energy needs to be in reforming the political process and system itself, not making a protest vote once every 4 years because you don't align 100% with either.
Not voting for one of the major two candidates is not a protest vote. I'm voting for who I think is the most qualified and most in line with my beliefs. You're not going to convince me to vote for Clinton.
I'm not trying to convince you to vote for Clinton, I'm trying to convince you to vote for who you believe is the lesser of two evils. If that's Trump, then so be it.
Casting my vote for the lesser of two evils is not what I want to do. I'm not going to vote for someone because their opponent is a worse pick. I think Trump is a lunatic and unfit for office. I think Hillary is corrupt and unfit to lead. The thought of either of them in office frightens me. I refuse to vote for either. And that's my decision.
Then prepare to be frightened because one of the two of these individuals will be the next President.
Pass on the choosing between the pro choice or anti choice candidates who are seriously in the contest. You can of course say you are convinced your vote doesn't matter. I hope so.
I'm going to choose a candidate that is most in line with my beliefs. I will never vote for a pro-life candidate. And I will certainly never vote for a Clinton.
So do you know who that is?
At the moment I'm undecided.
What if no one is?
What if no one is what?
Representative of your views.
If the state they live in is strong red or strong blue, it probably won't matter.
I don't think Trump actually has a stance on abortion. He's only saying it because that's the party line, but he's just taking the pro-life stance to it's logical end place without really thinking about the reason why people are pro-life. Same when he said women should be punished for having abortions. "If abortions are murder, and we punish murderers, we should punish women who get abortions." That tells me he doesn't really care about outside of using the baseline talking point. Now that doesn't mean I'm defending him, I think that's actually worse.
>Same when he said women should be punished for having abortions. "If abortions are murder, and we punish murderers, we should punish women who get abortions." That tells me he doesn't really care about outside of using the baseline talking point. Frankly, as a prochoice person, I don't see how prolifers believe women who obtain illegal abortions SHOULDN'T be punished for it. It's a major inconsistency. If I paid a hitman to shoot my husband, hell yeah I'd be going to jail for it. You're telling me abortion is murder, the same as if i killed a one year old, but you're not going to punish me for paying someone to murder my baby? Wha???
I agree with you. I think he's picked up what he thinks are Republican talking points and he's to narcissistic and stupid to do anything other than reduce them to their most extreme form.
He made his stance on abortion clear. He wants to appoint pro-life justices, and he's very pro-life himself. Did you watch the debate? That being said, he's a moron, and I don't think he understand how our laws govern abortions. He seems to think you can get an abortion in the 10th month of pregnancy, up until the final day before birth.
> Did you watch the debate? Yes, and it's clear he hasn't thought about it. He thinks anyone can just go and get their baby sucked out because he has no time for nuance because he doesn't care about the nuance. That's my point.
It's clear he has no idea how it works, but he thinks appointing SCJs that are pro-life will put an end to the 10-month abortions that he thinks are a "thing" in this country... If that doesn't scare the shit out of you, it should.
>If that doesn't scare the shit out of you, it should. Absolutely, which is why I said >Now that doesn't mean I'm defending him, I think that's actually worse.
If Trump wasn't so narcissistically invested in being right about everything and could admit he thoughtlessly supported the invasion of Iraq and was in favor of removing Gaddafi, as did so many others, but has drawn lessons from the two, his criticisms of American interventionism might carry some weight. It is also odd to hear criticism of NATO members and Japan and Korea not paying their share in support of their defense from a man who pays no taxes in support of our own.
Not to mention that Korea's military spending as a fraction of GDP is huge, they've been in a state of war for 50 years and have mandatory military service.
And Korea literally just got downgraded from a full democracy to a "flawed democracy" and there are some fascist undertones going on right now in Korean government (greater risk than say, the US.) I don't think now is the best time to give Korea nukes.
We're not that far removed from Korea being a dictatorship and experiencing significant civil unrest. No nukes for them.
>We're not that far removed from Korea being a dictatorship Yes we really are. Despite the current wave of the alt-right, our democratic institutions are still one of the strongest in the world. Korea's democracy is less than 30 years old.
That's exactly what I said. Korea has only been a democracy for 25 years or so and experienced civil unrest quite recently. I didn't say anything about the US.
Oh nevermind, I completely misread your post.
That makes them not smart like Donald. They should get other people to pay for it.
And Trump crashes in a massive fireball. That's all folks, Hillary won the debate and the election.
How so?
What polls?
Everything
The polls.
The content of the debate did not seal the deal, but the failure of Trump to adapt between debates and his inability to not walk into the most telegraphed of traps. Just the fact that Trump is struggling against one of the most unliked candidates in recent history speaks volumes about his political ineptitude.
How any sane person who watched the debate does not think that it was a knock out for Clinton is beyond me. Are you trying a trump - WRONG!
People are forgetting we had a civil war in the US. People have said "I won't accept this election" before. 650,000 Americans died the last time a major US leader made that statement.
They didn't contest the election in 1860. They just recognized that it meant that they didn't want to be part of the union any more.
How are these facts related?
If you don't understand, don't vote. It'll be over in a month and you can go back to not paying attention.
are you saying that the civil war was caused by a contested election?
It's pretty obvious. Don't be naive. It is an all or nothing statement. Donald Trump is now an enemy of the state. He is committing sedition.
I understand it's a messed up thing to say but I don't see the correlation between the civil war and "I won't accept the results of the election"
He is undermining the Federal government of the United States. It was a radical statement that may have been illegal as well.
Conceding is only a tradition in American politics. It wouldn't be illegal not to concede, but it would extremely poor form.
He is inciting his supporters towards a violent reaction if he loses. Many Journalists recently have covered this issue lately and found that many of his supporters have insinuated that they would be willing to use violent means..revolution...etc...to set the record straight! really scary!
Here's the thing. According to fivethirtyeight polls, Trump holds about 42% of the popular vote, meaning 42% of the American population supports him and his ideologies. Very close to half. So if he says he won't accept the election results, most likely his supporters won't as well. That means nearly half, or 42%, of the American population will reject the democratically elected president (Hillary). When Lincoln was elected president, his opponents held about 49% of the popular vote. When those 49% refused to accept Lincoln as president, they seceded from the Union and sparked the Civil war. Thats the correlation. We are toeing a very dangerous line right now, one that will define our country.
I find it hard to believe that 42% of the country think that the election is rigged. People aren't that stupid, right?
Im as anti-Trump as they come but you are in fact correct- these just are not the circumstances of our actual Civil War. Doesn't mean another one couldn't happen under *these* potentially upcoming circumstances, but the only thing that has been said here is that a civil war is technically possible... I guess.
The US military is far more federal than it was in 1860. The civil war can't happen again, because states can't secede and keep the military in their state.
The statement "Can't happen again" is factually incorrect. It can and will happen again. At some point the US will dissolve. That is just basic historical reality. It is not a question of if but when. Could be 500 years from now, could be tomorrow. It will happen.
But my postal stamps say USA Forever!
The "dissolution" of the United States is unrealistic. It is far more likely that humanity would come to the point of national boundaries being functionally irrelevant long before any "dissolution" scenario for the American nation. Arguing this would happen in the face of some Trump-fueled civil war is far more unlikely at that. The issue we're facing now basically breaks down into a cold reality, Trump supporters feel they don't have a future because their way of life is dying. But that doesn't mean there isn't a perfectly peaceful path to them having happier lives already supported in our system. That will most likely come down to a basic income to offset the economic losses of rural/rural-suburban communities and will eventually encompass most of the population as automation makes human labor functionally redundant.
Unrealistic? How long has the United States existed in its current form? At best 240 years, but you could argue it has been a work in progress for the last two centuries. To suggest this empire will last indefinitely is patently absurd. All important historians would strongly disagree with you.
That's not what I said, please don't put words in my mouth to try and support your failing argument. I took exception with your "dissolution" scenario, which was a bleak and unrealistic look at the future of America. The reality is most likely closer to what I actually stated, which is a melding of the world's economy, cultures and governments until national borders are functionally irrelevant.
I should have been more clear... "The Civil War" can't happen again. The way the country fell apart, can't be repeated because the military power doesn't exist at the state level to repeat like that. Can the country dissolve in other ways? Sure. But it can't happen like it did 150 years ago.
if I have to send one group of Americans to a concentration camp, it might just be undecided & uninformed voters.
I'd go child rapists, but you do you
come back when you figure out what you did wrong
Spot on my man.... If someone is still undecided at this point their either insane or mentally unstable.
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/788957439542587392 The Washington Times Presidential Debate Poll: TRUMP 77% (18,290) CLINTON 17% (4,100) We all knew it was coming.
Dat's a wap.
Welp, it's over...
And Donald tweeted it. A few days ago he said polls didn't matter.
2 days ago he cited a poll in his favor. Yesterday he said to not trust the polls. Today he tweets another poll
I'm impressed he doesn't have whiplash from how much he's waffling on that.
"77% to 17%, hmm this looks legit."
Wait I though the polls were rigged.
THAT one is, for damn sure.
>Gary Johnson My sides
Meanwhile she is winningg the Breitbart poll. LOL
5% said Gary Johnson won I don't even know how to make fun of that. It's already the most absurd thing I can think of.
because sometimes the only winning move is not to play
After reading these comments I'm going from undecided to Clinton. I was a butthurt Sanders voter but I mean it's more logical to vote Clinton. Despite all her criminal shit she's hiding.
>It's more logical to vote for the person who dishonestly won the primary election by corrupting my candidate's chances of winning, a Wall Street politician who stands for nothing my candidate stands for unless her campaign manager tells her to pander.
So who should they be voting for? At the end of the day exactly one candidate has a platform similar to Bernie's (and a voting record that is a bit closer to Bernie's). Are you saying it's more logical to vote for the diametrically opposed platform and personality, than the one you originally supportered, out of... what? Bitterness? If so - truly, this is the election of feels before reals.
>At the end of the day exactly one candidate has a platform similar to Bernie's (and a voting record that is a bit closer to Bernie's). Who, Hillary? That's a laugh. They were divided on several important issues. You can argue that they have a 90% identical voting record, but when most of the bills that flow through Congress are inconsequential and irrelevant to the issues of the campaign, that 90% is a meaningless statistic. They disagreed* on Iraq, TARP, Big Banks, the Keystone pipeline, offshore drilling, TPP, LGBT issues and gay marriage, the 2006 border wall and immigration in general, guantanamo detainees, several Iran bills, the Patriot Act, and the Death Penalty. *^(disagreed in statements and votes, and then flip-flopped to placate and pander to voters in this election) If Hillary's debate performance is any indication, she will likely hope to pivot on these key issues and let the Congress deal with them without input from her if she's elected. I envision her presidency ending up the same as Obama's: safe in the first four years, and hoping to push in the last four when she is no longer accountable to voters and constituents. Those are the reals. Most of the Bernie supporters I know (and I know a lot, living in the pacific northwest) have thrown their weight in Jill Stein. They cannot vote for either candidate in good conscience, and think both are terrible choices for America. They hope that the growing discontent with two-party politics is at least recognized this year by giving a sizable vote to the independent candidates, in an effort to bring about some sort of compromise for third parties in 2020/4.
Thank you
> Despite all her criminal shit she's hiding. What do you think of the year long FBI investigation by a republican head who has stated that, after examining 40 years of cases, it would be a double standard (and therefore unethical) to charge her with anything?
> Despite all her criminal shit she's hiding. Citation needed.
Curious to know - what is your take on Sander's support for Clinton over Trump (i.e. shouldn't that have sealed your vote for Clinton) and why you will not accept the decision not to prosecute.
It's ok man. Me too. We'll be fine:)
As someone who also liked Bernie a bit, I agree. Really the thing that should hit you is that Trump is very close to be the reverse of Bernie.
These dumb as rocks chicks on FOX are doing nothing to help improve thier stereotype... shes talking about camera filters... THEN finds out they were FOX's and backtracks LOL. White conservative women are batshit crazy. (am White guy)
rant a little more about how women are the problem, that will help.
Hey, he might be planning a run for the Presidency soon.
I can't wait to see clips of this in the morning.
It's ok, she just hasn't had her pumpkin spice refill yet
literally laughed out loud. Thanks for that one :)
Oh you're a white guy? I wouldn't have guessed
Am I the only one legitimately scared when he said "Idk if i'd accept the outcome".... There are legitimately scary nutjobs who support this orange idiot.
Why does he keep saying "Bigly" I assumed last debate it was just a mispeak, but he's said it twice in the 5 minutes I've been watching.
I think he might actually think it's a real English word.
[It actually is](http://www.dictionary.com/browse/bigly?s=t), but as others have pointed out, he is saying "big league", which actually makes less sense in the context of what he's referring to.
[He is talking to Rachel Maddow's dog.](http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow/watch/trump-sends-maddow-secret-messages-632836675584)
he's saying 'big league'
Well that's a stupid term.
I agree, but that's what he was saying as a way of saying 'we'll improve that big league'
He's saying "big league", but he doesn't hit the "g" in "league" very hard. It's still stupid.
He's saying "big league," but he says it so fast it sounds like bigly every time. Even if you separate the words out and put them in context, it still makes no sense to use the term "big league" in the things he's referring to.
Yeah the idiom he's looking for is "big time".
He really wasn't that great in the first 40 minutes. He was average at best. And the CNN panel sounds so stupid focusing on this one issue instead of the actual debate, where Clinton showed clearly how much more qualified she is.
Everyone said that about the first debate as well, but when you look back at it, not a lot of what Trump said was remotely true.
Just let them finish!
This isn't just 'one issue,' this is a candidate for president refusing to accept the outcome of the election.
Precisely. He was wrong about a huge amount of things he said but you know what? Who cares. The guy is an idiot and most people are aware of that. However, his statements about refusing the accept the results of the election are a HUGE fucking deal. It's sedition. He is a traitor to our nation.
Low Energy Donald got **cuckexcuted** tonight.
Oh, wow. Trump was not able to really drive any of his points home. That was brutal tonight.
Trump has decent zingers but damn if he has nothing to give substance to it.
Man, all of those people Trump invited to sit in the audience really shook Hillary up.
Had low expectations for Wallace, but he really did a pretty good job. Trump looked like shit.
You're the puppet!!!
"I'm rubber, you're glue!"
This is literally a test of democracy. I'm glad we are going to pass it, but I hope we all recognize it for what it is.
More of a test of Idiocracy. If Trump somehow won, Idiocracy would pursue
Are we really passing it though? Yeah, she'll win, but is that really a choice?
Trump 3:16 says you're such a nasty woman
Hillary's theme of "I will invest with you" was shrewd, and she hit on it a lot. Donald wrote some great new campaign commercials for Hillary. Though to be fair, he cleared the low bar we all set for him (he didn't shit his pants and fling poo).
Clinton 3 x 0 Trump
I am incredibly biased but this was not close. Clinton replied with actual hits on him, he was rambling. I just don't see how Trump won over any new voters.
honestly, i see it clearly now. i gained weight during this election season. and i know it's hillary's fault.
Like everything else!
Thanks Obama!
I would be shocked. SHOCKED. If Donald Trump could list all the steps of how a bill becomes a law.
He'll sing the Schoolhouse Rock jingle.
I'd honestly concede if he could do that. But he can't admit it because he's such a thin-skinned pussy.
I'm pretty sure he has no clue what entitlements are, judging by his response to the question.
Wallace is the clear winner. 
This is what debate is? THIS? I've seen better debates from highschoolers. Talk about policy, that's what we want, not just smashing each other over and over.
You sure you watched this debate?
Not with the same eyes, evidently.
Clinton is capable of doing that, as she showed in the Democratic debates (particularly the later ones with just her and Bernie). I think she was just baiting Trump here. She knew if she needled him enough he'd go off half-cocked and attack her.
Goddamn Ivanka looks hot tonight. One thing I agree with Donald on: I'd totally bang her.
Speaking of hot, I hear Huma is single again...
Given Hillary's image as an evil master planner, who the heck thought it was a good idea to dress her up as Dr. Evil for the debate?
I loled at your comment but actually I thought her outfit was classy. His suit still didn't fit right.
Trump dug his own grave. America witnessed how terrible of a human being he is.
He looked horrible, cold and mean. She looked pretty, energetic, happy and knowledgeable
"No puppet. No puppet. You are the puppet. You are the puppet." - Donald Trump on how he is not a puppet. 10/19/2016, during the 3rd presidential debate.
I wish Clinton had asked about how that whole "self-financed campaign" was going, what with his not doing so and paying himself with donations.
It was interesting to watch the men with the best temperament going from being pretty presidential over interrupting his opponent to spewing bullshit in just under 30 minutes. Really the guy you want to have on 10 hours long negotiations with world leaders.
Well that's when the coke wore off.
I'm not sure I can handle three more weeks of him killing himself, like watching a dead man walking.
Trump has to be in on the joke right? He has to know that he comes off as insane right? Is that the appeal?
Clinton has to be in on the joke right? She has to know that she comes off as fake right? Is that the appeal?
I'm waiting for him to come out and say it was a joke the whole time. I don't know if I *actually* believe he will, but it sure wouldn't surprise me.
off topic, but why do the female talking heads seem to favor that particular shade of weird hot pink?
It's viewed as a Power Pink. Women are required to be seen as feminine to be on most conservative media, hence the pink. Strong colors indicate power and self-confidence, hence the neon pink.
Not sure. It works on Gloria, but Kayleigh looks like she's going to exact a bit of strict discipline after she gets done there.
Probably works well on camera with their skin tones while appearing feminine and non-aggressive. Just guessing though.
Yes
Girl in pink needs to stop thinking so hard, she is so stupid
I think the real tragedy is that southpark just didnt have time to make fun of it.
It's becoming harder and harder to tell where the satire ends and real life begins.
A satire of this election cycle would be candidates arguing the merits of eachothers economic, social, and international policies. THe historical efffectiveness of similar policies in the past from different nations. The challenges of implementing these policies for the U.S. and the Long Term benefits of migrating our Nation in that direction.
When something happens and you can find an onion article from years ago that covers the same subject it makes me not want to live on this planet anymore.
Jeffrey Lord is like Josh in "Big" if he would have asked Zoltar: "I wish I were an asshole."
fucking thank you van jones I hate that no one ever talks about how silly it is to compare our economic growth to India and China
I had to miss the debate to work on school stuff. Can anyone fill me in on the highlights?
Another bad night for everyone.
Thanks! Looks like I didn't miss much, the medieval travel narratives I was reading were probably more interesting.
TL:DW They are both rich entitled liars who i wouldn't trust to look after my dog let alone your country.
Trump started strong and composed, went downhill as it went along, said he may not accept election results, got a good jab on Hillary with the Foundation, called Hillary a "nasty woman." Hillary was composed, stuck to the issues until asked about the foundation where she filibustered and looked bad, repeatedly pointed out Trump was not fit for command, overall won the debate easily.
So just like the first two debates then.
Lots of sniffig, trump tried to policy debate clinton. Which was a bad idea.
Hillary called Donald out for his long history of claiming everything is rigged against him (not just this election). Donald confirmed he thought he should have won an Emmy for The Apprentice. Hillary essentially called Donald out for being a despot and not respecting the democratic process. Donald shrugged. Hillary called Donald out for his pattern of demeaning women. Donald said no one respects women more than him, and that his accusers were setup by Hillary and the media to make him look bad. Hillary called Donald out for using Chinese steel in his Las Vegas hotel. Donald called Hillary out for not stopping him from using Chinese steel for his Las Vegas hotel. Otherwise, pretty much the same debate as the last two, Donald played to his base with fear mongering and Hillary played to the middle class with hope and the like.
Clinton was strong, and Trump was doing decently until about 30 minutes in when his demeanor became more argumentative. The debate became more heated between them both, with the moderator having to work harder to keep them both from talking over each other. Then Trump made gaffes. There are about 3-4 that are going to play in the news for the next few days. The highlights include disagreeing with his wife and Pence (the moderator mentioned them both by name and then he disagreed) by stating that we will have to wait in "suspense" to see if he will accept the results of the election. He also said that Hillary was a "nasty woman" (going nicely with his comments on women and his statements of being great with women).
Hillary - Boring policy stuff, made her come across much more presidential. Had some moments when talking about the economy that made the progressive in me happy, some other moments that made me roll my eyes. Donald - Same weirdo as ever, but actually came off really strong the first 30 minutes or so. If he had just kept this attitude for the rest of the debate (and maybe the previous 4 months or so) he would have been cool. Didn't say too much outrageous shit, but clearly has no idea what he's talking about on foreign policy, and his economic and tax plans leaves a lot to be desired. Refused to say that he would accept the outcome of the election if the process seemed "rigged".
Edit: Thanks everyone, I think I understand :D. You can stop filling my inbox with replies, thanks.
Trump's best performance yet buy I'll still give it to Hillary.
it was a clean sweep
Trump refused to say he was going to concede. He missed opportunities to give any details on any plans. He interrupted Hillary to say "She's a nasty woman." Hillary gave policy, baited him at every turn, and almost certainly won the debate.
>missed opportunities You're assuming he actually knows them. I'm pretty sure his extent of involvement in policy formation doesn't go beyond whipping up wild ideas.
Trump: "Wrong, wrong, ISIS, wrong, wrong, ISIS, ISIS, the emmys are rigged, what a nasty woman." Hillary: "<insert standard political answer here>" Wallace: <*sigh*>
Trump will not necessarily accept the results of the election and wants to "keep us in suspense."
Trump supporters are gonna occupy sooooo many wildlife refuges mid winter!
Trump lied a lot and insulted Hillary to her face. Hillary tried to avoid some questions but generally came off as more intelligent and capable. She actually talked about policy.
Trump refused to say that he will accept the result of the election, live on stage and not just in a tweet this time. This one will run and run.
Also that he doesn't pay federal taxes and that his companies buy illegal Chinese steel and if clinton doesn't like it she should pass laws to stop it.
Trump didn't say he'd accept the results of the election. That's the big news, everything else was pretty much the same as before.
> "No one respects women more than me" -Donald Trump > *Audience laughs.
Stop misquoting him. Clearly he said the following: "No one, **NO ONE**, respects women more than me" -Donald Trump
Followed later by "You're a nasty woman."
*15 minutes later* >"Nasty woman." -Donald Trump
Nasty human would have been a better insult for you? Are you mad that he pointed out her gender or that he insulted her?
Honestly, I'm upset that a presidential candidate would be childish enough to resort to such a pathetic insult on the debate stage, but it's expected from Trump. But since he had to specify her gender in the insult, it appears that was supposed to be part of it.
Nope, not angry. But if he does respects women more than anyone, he should at least put it in a way that weren't insulting like any rational people would do.
Fair enough.
He has proved it once again: Trump is a fundamentally flawed human being. A normal person would look at the state of the race, listen to what *everyone* is telling them, and correct course. He had three debates to sound presidential and he couldn't do it even once. He is completely and utterly unfit for office. I wouldn't vote for him to be my city's dog catcher.
That seals it. I'm voting for Anderson Cooper.
Somehow this managed to be Clinton's best performance and Trump's worst (or maybe tied with his first debate). I honestly think she went easy on him during the second debate so he wouldn't drop out and give the GOP comeback potential by putting someone else on the ticket.
CNN is killing it in the post-debate!
Jeffry Lord has to be the biggest tool on TV right now
Sadly, no. He's sitting next to her.
Great point that why would Trump supporters go out to vote if they know they are losing in the polls and its obviously rigged? They will likely stay home instead of wasting their time going out to the polls.
Huma Abedin is so pretty
Wiener blowing it with her might have even been a bigger mistake than him blowing his political career.
I mean I'm fairly sure Weiner has some mental issues
And well dressed. And skinny. On Keepin' it 1600 they were talking about how they all gained weight by the end of the debate - that did not affect Abedin. I am inspired to dress better for work tomorrow.
I haven't watched a couple of the new ones, I'm gonna listen to them all this weekend Did they drop a new one just now?
I think it was Monday?
Oh, are you talking about the one where they talked about Huma?
I think they were talking about campaigning in general?
Switched back to CNN. Coked up Corey is on... at least Kayleigh looks nice, even with the crazy eyes.
Lord he is bat shit crazy!
Hillary had some masterful verbal judo last night. The digs at Trump were obvious and got under his skin but she TOTALLY turned around the Wikileaks question and managed to not even acknowledge Bill's infidelities.
Is Bill on the ticket tho? Did Hillary put Bill's dick in Monica's mouth? Am I missing something? Bill did it. With a consenting woman, at that.
Obviously not, and despite your effort /u/graps still has a point. Hillary was directly asked about the Bill's scandal. Whether or not that is a relevant question doesn't matter, it was asked. She managed to not even mention it in her response, and the moderator didn't call her out on it. She can't talk about accusations against Bill and herself without getting muddy. I think her deflection was risky, since she could have been called out for it, but it paid off. She kept the attention and heat on Trump.
Probably because the moderator also sees how that is such a non point. I just don't understand why that's such a huge issue here. She had nothing to do with that. As you said, it's Bill's scandal. What about every question Trump was ever asked? He's not given one solid answer. The dude is headlines with no story. I mean we go from talking about immigration to Trump mentioning how wrong Hillary and Obama have messed up in Saudi Arabia. He can't stay on the topic of questions asked because he has no clue. Trump acts like Obama and Hillary are tag teaming running America here.
Stop turning this into something it's not. All that is being said is that Hillary did a great job of deflecting on that question. Like you said, whenever Trump does it it is clunky and obvious. I'd like to say Matthews thought it was a non-point. He did come up with the questions though.
I don't believe she put his dick in her mouth. I can't say but probably not.
She doesn't have to answer for Bills actions. To think she does, is ultra sexist.
How is it sexist? I'd love to hear this. I'm by no means a trump supporter but to describe something you don't like as sexist just so people won't talk about it is intellectually lazy.
Let me answer you with a pair of questions: Should Donald Trump be answering for Melania's time as an illegal alien and nude modelling? Why am I not hearing about those things in the debates?
I think that if he's asked about those things its up to him to give an answer and you can accept it or not like every other question. You're not voting for Melania or Bill but there are parallels in Trumps sexual past and Bill's. Im a Clinton supporter and even if tenuous the parallels are there. You still didn't explain the "sexism"
You answered your own question. "It's up to the person to give an answer" - both have chosen not to. However, people keep bringing it up to damage HRC after she has elected not to. And overall, way less times asking DT about their spouse. why? Pure sexism. There is not another reason.
The reason is she was married to the President of the United States. Donald was married to an eastern bloc mail order wife and a half ass model. They are not equals
I agree that there's some sexism going on here, but I don't think that it's the *only* reason. My other theory: people simply hold Hillary to a higher standard, because she's a far higher caliber candidate. For Hillary supporters, having Bill back in power as "first dude" is a major drawback because they want/expect better from her than bringing someone back to (limited) power & supporting someone who has maybe sexually assaulted or harassed women in the past. She stands much more firmly against it. For Trump supporters, I don't think they expect anything else. The type of people likely to take an issue with anything terrible that Melania has done don't even get that far before finding 10 worse things that Trump has done/said. Not to say sexism doesn't come into play. It's just that Bill's sexual past is still a legitimate concern, even if it's been somewhat exagerrated.
>why? Pure sexism Well no..one is an ex-model from the Ukraine or wherever and one is the ex-leader of the free world. I think people, even women, want a real answer out of her on Bill's infidelities. I personally don't care but there are voters that do. >people keep bringing it up to damage HRC Well yes, its an election tactic. I can kinda you're not going to give honest answers. Screaming sexism is lazy. I would say not being able to ask HRC certain questions because she is a woman is pretty sexist. She can roll with the punches as she showed last night..she doesn't need vague "sexism" claim to back her up..just makes her look weaker which she clearly isn't.
Dude, how are you missing the point that you're holding the two candidates to different standards about infidelity (Don had two public affairs) and also different standards on their spouce's dealings. What are you missing here?? I get it that you are thinking about it, saying I Have A Legit Concern Not Based On Her Gender, and then voicing it...but the unintended effect is that you are doing it because of sexism. A possible free world leader is a cheating scumbag, one is not. Their spouces have *nothing to do with it*
>(Don had two public affairs) and also different standards on their spouce's dealings ok > Their spouces have nothing to do with it Well which is it? You're acting as if Donald isn't getting crucified by the press for his sexual assault of what? 10 women now? He is getting murdered by it. The Trump campaign is trying to draw an equivalency between what Donald did and what Bill did. And while yes, you aren't voting for Bill, what they are doing and have been doing is call into question her judgment.
She DOES have to answer for her support of those actions, though.
No- she doesn't. Bill does.
Bill needs to answer for his actions. Hillary needs to answer for her support of Bill's actions, and her own involvement in covering them up.
I loved the part where Hillary talked all about building each other up. That is the type of country I want to live in. We are all in this together.
"Such a nasty woman. I wouldn't grope her with a ten foot pole"
"What a nasty woman." - Trump 2016
"Correct" - Trump 2016
"Wrong." - Trump 2016
Guess no one got it. I was making fun of Trump finally saying Correct after Wallace criticized Hillary.
No, all anyone wants is another four years of Obama instead of this.
Trump lost it towards the end. Shame because I thought he seemed calm in the beginning and we could have a proper debate about their policies. I don't know if i can say Clinton won, but Trump defiantly lost, if that makes sense.
You know how coke is. Wears off fast.
He was calm right up till Clinton baited him. He kinda went from bad to worse from then on.
The problem is, even when Trump is calm and collected, he doesn't actually have any policy he can talk about. He was definitely calm in the beginning but still couldn't give a coherent answer.
Agree. Like his economic plans, he keeps saying 'tremendous economy' and 'more jobs'... what are your plans Donald? Simply saying something again and again does not make it come true. Sheer willpower is not enough to be President.
Exactly how I saw it too. I wouldn't say towards the end, it was a steady decline. First 20 or so minutes he seemed lucid, then it just went off the rails. He is so easily goaded.
He's always defiant that one.
If you want to prove Clinton is a war criminal, that debate was it. It was a one sided slaughter. No mercy.
Uh, how? What exchange proves that at all?
She pivoted excellently, and she baited him excellently.
That doesn't answer my question.
He would answer poorly, she would answer excellently. The abortion exchange, when she pivoted from Wikileaks to Russia, her 30 years in politics, she had absolute control.
FUCK i just realized what you meant. I'm deleteing all of this. Edit: Ah fuck it i'll leave it up.
Ah, I was trying to be comical. lol She thoroughly destroyed him during the debate. At one point I wanted to scream, "Let em' go!" It was so brutal.
I'm going to ignore trump also did that, and again, repeat the question, how does that convince you she's a war criminal?
And trump is a traitor....these are our candidates
These fucking clowns on CNN would lick the shit off Trump's boots if they thought it would help him win. Good on them for shaming those morons.
Are you actually fucking kidding me? CNN?
I'm meaning the Trump people on their panel
Jeffrey Lord you deplorable piece of shit. The blinders you have saying that Trump never mocked the disabled reporter is abysmal.
Dont you get it, Trump was mocking a bunch of other people the same way, so it's totally alright!
I would have just said, "OK Jeff, he didn't mock the disabled guy. But what about the 90,000 other datapoints that pretty much confirm my point about what a classless jackass Trump is?"
Trump got out of there so much quicker than Clinton. A sign of his feelings on tonights performance?
he needed a knockout and didn't get it.
Exactly.
[Meanwhile at Trump HQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_-B3eQb1bs)
The debate was a train wreck. The CNN is a nuclear disaster.
CNN instant poll about the winner of the debate: Clinton 52% - Trump 39%
Trumpettes are going to scream about this. One of the polls they can't manipulate.
Did anyone else notice Trump's complete logical shitstorm on the Mosul question?
How on earth was Hillary's reply to remind everyone Donald Trump was for the Iraq War? Sometimes I just wanted to yell at the screen, "Finish Him!"
Agreed. I think the debate formats are flawed because they don't reward thoughtful, nuanced responses.I think she thought about it but figured most people wouldn't understand. I'd much prefer and essay test.
Blended in with the usual logical shit storm.
The way he talked about it made it seem like auS ground forces were doing the invading of the city
Rambling old man who didn't even answer the question (will you put boots on the ground in Iraq).
I couldn't even follow it, it was just word salad.
If I were a Republican I'd be mortified that Trump is the best they can prop up as their leader. It's bad enough that he's a fellow American and a third of Americans actually support him.
half but whatever.
half a third
As a Democrat I'm pretty mortified to see HRC as the candidate. This election will go down as the two worst possible choices in the history of our country
From what I understand, you'd be in no small amount of good company.
Well, to be far to the Republicans - a majority of those who voted in the primaries didn't vote for him, he only won on a plurality.
100% agree. I am friends and family with highly educated, easy-going, tolerant people who lean right and I honestly feel bad for them.
This debate just made it(if it wasn't already) clear that Trump is not president material. He has no self restraint, no organization, and no respect for others.
[removed]
No, you're a towel
Hold on I need to get high.
That's why I don't get how people can't see past the partisanship of Republican vs Democrat. If this were a job interview and I couldn't care less of their personal views on specific topics, it's quite clear to me that she's just flat out the more qualified candidate for the position and that should matter more than it does. If we were dealing with two equally qualified candidates, like if an establishment Republican won the primary, I could see the specific policy nuances mattering a lot more, but this just feels like putting the cart before the horse. I just feel like you actually need to be *qualified* for the position in the eyes of the general public before that thing starts to matter.
If this were a job interview Trump would say it's rigged, probably because she's a woman and "billionaire" white men can't win anymore.
You forget that being qualified means you are an elite. Half the country is sick and tired of Elites in politics. That is why it doesn't matter this year. Trump won because he was unqualified.
> That's why I don't get how people can't see past the partisanship of Republican vs Democrat. 'anyone but a liberal' - "republican" motto since the 90s
i'm from chicago, and mr. trump keeps using us as an example of gun violence and during this debate, he used our city's gun regulations as an example of why strong gun regs don't work. and frankly, its absurd.. does he or most people realize that Indiana (his running mate's home state) is ~30 miles away? and they have incredibly lax gun laws? that's where the majority of illegal guns flooding into chicago come from...
Can confirm. On Jury Duty where we convicted a guy who bought 100+ guns a month from Indiana and they kept getting found on gang crime scene
The thing that makes me sad in these debates is that Trump has set the bar so low bellow the floor that nobody really wants to hold Hillary accountable for anything. There were some legitimate questions about things like her stance on the no-fly zone, the conflict of interest with the donations, etc that she was able to completely dodge answering because at the end of the day, Trump was so bad it would have seemed petty to actually ask her to answer the questions. How have we gotten to this point? Remember 4 years ago when the Republicans were going to think about what they did and try to be nicer? Remember 8 years ago when Democrats were all about hope and change and an end to years of war and civil rights abuses? How have we gotten to the point where we have the 2 most disliked candidates in history running in a race and the potential for post-election violence? Why is the bar for winning the highest office of a country that is supposedly a stable democracy just to be not the borderline nazi running in the race?
> Why is the bar for winning the highest office of a country that is supposedly a stable democracy just to be not the borderline nazi running in the race? Because that makes the people in power more money and gives them more control at the average person's expense. This is exactly the election the system wants. A candidate so crazy most won't stomach voting for him (even if he occasionally makes a valid point about problems at the top) against a shitty candidate who will do their bidding whom they can cover for because the other candidate is so bad.
Yup, in any reasonable election she'd be taken to task for all these questionable things. Not this one though.
She never had to answer any questions because Trump kept the focus on himself. Anytime she had a tough question, she would end with a dig on Trump, which he would answer instead of keeping her feet to the fire. It was just kind of sad.
Media, a lack of educated, interested, and active voters, and religious zeal. A continual cultural trend towards disliking those that have less than you (because obviously they didn't work hard enough) helps a great deal as well.
I just remember Obama mentioning that we should all ask ourselves how we ended up in the political circus we have right now, including the media. It's all just ridiculous. There hasn't been any form of substantive debate this year.
It really comes down to who chooses the nominee. I think a more experienced politician - perhaps Romney or Kasich - would have been a tougher debate opponent for Hillary. But the GOP base wanted the showy TV star who promised them the moon, and the American people lost the opportunity for a substantive political discourse.
If any one still isnt sure about who won......"no you are the puppet" she destroyed him with that.
If you look where Trump's funding comes from versus Clinton's then you can really see who the puppet is.
In all fairness they're both puppets. Just depends which puppet master we can handle and (ideally) overcome.
I don't consider Clinton a puppet so much as a representative for her (particularly sleazy) group's interests. She seems quite the opposite...she does whatever she wants and the world just goes along with it.
Yeah Trump owes russia money and they supported him. they also support a lot of european right wing partys with money FN, ukip.... Every candidate will get money from wallstreet who isnt totally insane they often give money to both candidates thats just risk management. But i dont think you can influence hillarys opionion that easy when you see how she talks and hes talked in those speeches to the banks. Compare that to trump who doesnt even can admit any wrongdoing of putin. In his eyes Putin does more of americas interests then obama. Thats with all the crackpots they really like their putin. Just manly admiring for him from this crowd.
Trump has raised campaign donations from mostly individual donators, not businesses (figure is at 99%). Clinton on the other hand has nearly 30% of her campaign money coming from pacs and super pacs. Yeah last night she was talking about "muh evil Citizens United" when in reality she has no problem accepting money from banks, foreign nations, and really anywhere.
It's not Donald's campaign funds that come from Russia. It is his business money. He's been bankrupt so many times he can't get loans from legitimate sources. He's massively in debt to Russian banks, which are just shell corporations controlled by Putin. Putin owns Donald personally.
Trump has Probelms raising money we all know that, thats the reason he gets nothing he would have taken it if someone offered him money thats for sure. And still she wants to overturn citizen united. Isn that the example that you cant buy hillary that easy.
She says a lot of Bernie lines now, to try and make Bernie people swing to her side.
that was so obvious... he totally looks like narf from sesame street.
My absolute favorite moment of the evening. My wife and I replayed that like 4 or 5 times last night to catch all the not a puppets. I literally woke my wife up this morning by whispering in her ear "not a puppet. Not a puppet. No, you're the puppet. You're the puppet". She awoke laughing and hitting me.
She killed tonight. Wow, Hillary - very presidential.
That was painful to watch
It's over. It's done.
Hallelujah!
"such a nasty woman" and the election result acceptance will dominate.
That was right on the verge of "what a bitch"
At least Hillary is smart with her filler when she doesn't know what to say. Trump just talks himself in circles
That honestly made me angry.
I hope he sticks to his word and hides in an island for the rest of his days after this election.
everybody get your brooms out
Best moments of the debate?
When it ended
Best: Trumps statements about Mosul and Aleppo Worst: see above
"BUNDLES" of cash, as BIG as this stage. And Hillary's solution being "Middle-Out". LOL. Hope she achieves that record-breaking Weissman score.
"Donald choked" "He cries these crocodile tears" "Made with Chinese steel"
I think we will see some more unendorsments from GOP members in the coming days...
Back to baseball!
Oh shit, thanks for the reminder!
Watched the last 10 minutes or so one the live section. I guessed he would say Maga twice and make America safe again once. And so it was told. The broken record keeps on spinning!
Trump sounds like flipping through talk radio stations. It's just little bits of different thoughts and ideas all said one after the other with nothing really connecting them at all.
Thank you! I couldn't come up with a good analogy but this is perfect.
GO INDIANS GO CUBS GIANT METEOR 2016
I think that was very good moderation by Chris Wallace, tough questions for both candidates and reasonably reeled the two of them in when they interrupted each other. Overall I think that was a good debate.
you guys, i think we're living in the US 2016 election dark timeline
Clinton apparently loves Ted Danson. But who doesn't I guess.
Oh shit, do I see Stephen Baldwin in the crowd shaking hands with Trump?
With little Scotty Baio - Today's Hitler Youth all grown up
Probably. He's a dipshit.
It's called the Baldwin Quota. Gotta have at least one, and typically the worst ones get the most work.
give ME the keys you COCKSUCKING MOTHFUKAAAAAAARGGGHHHH
I want to hear a rap song remix 'nasty woman' with a woman whe resembled 20-something hillary in a leotard.
Can you e-mail this to SNL real quick?
I don't watch these that often, is it normal to not have a prepared general opening/closing statement?
Just when I was thinking that she has huge shoulders.
I heard him toss the word 'missile' in there completely randomly early on. Then later I swear he agreed with himself in the same breath about a million dollars. This is the best show I've ever seen.
That ridiculous staged moved by O'keefe with the mobile video was one of the most cringeworthy things I've ever seen. Fuck you, O'Keefe, fight me.
Did I miss something?
Yeah, on camera on the debate he exageratedly handed his phone to some long hair dude, they both looked at the camera, then staged the most ridiculous scene I think I've seen.
Clinton dodging money questions Trump babble about Mosul and Aleppo Clinton and Trump both dodging the entitlement questions Overall though, I feel Clinton won that one.
I don't understand. Why can't they both just be civil and justly about politics, and not insult eachother like 5 year olds. :/
You think this is the first time? It's been going on since George Washington's time, look up the election of 1800. Politics used to be way more brutal than anything you'd see today in a first world country. There used to be actual fistfights on the Senate floor.
The fact checking sites are going to be very, very busy for some time I figure.
Kelly-Ann Conway immediately to the media spin room.
Is there any good way to read debate thread that has over 10000 posts?
>good way no
Yeah, don't read the live thread, it's just a constant stream of random thoughts.
Obligation, YES Son, you live here and YOU have to deal with this shit show like everyone else Ya selfish mofo.
Conway is defending Trump's rigging the election BS, by bringing up Gore/Bush as the reason he won't accept the results...
Again an implicit lack of knowledge to how American politics works by the right. Nice.
But Gore accepted the result.
Also, Member Reagan???? POotin probably luvd Reagan!!
"I'm looking for a candidate. I know I'm not going to get that." - CBS focus group member
Conaway is sticking to script.
This might be just as bad as the firzt debate. I'm interested to see just how low a major parties numbers can go down.
Can't wait to go to the land store tomorrow and pick up a few swatches.
The election wasn't over election night because of the recount you big-haired reject.
Is it me or was he not as orange looking this debate?
CNN is talking about polishing turds right now
Lmao van jones
Crazy man on CNN trying to compare Al Gore and Donald Trump.
Fact check on Van Jones: you can, in fact, polish a turd.
You can. But you can't polish THIS turd known as Trump
suicide pact if Donald wins ?
Moving might be easier.
implying there's a country to run to that hasn't been nuked
Van Jones and Jeffrey Lord epic bantz incoming
INCOMING REPORTS: Ivanka Trump spotted getting into convertible being driven by Bill Clinton, sped off from debate site
There were 2 debates tonight, the first thirty minutes and the rest
Van Jones just said you can't polish a turd, which is not true as Mythbusters showed.
Van Jones on CNN just now -- "I'm gonna say it....you cannot polish this turd."
Just if anyone was wondering [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=axN-hs4slpY) is the video of Clinton with the Carla girl she was talking about during the immigration segment. Pretty touching imo.
Wheres Ana Navarro?
You can't polish this turd lol
You cannot polish this turd. - Van Jones
[Well, I guess all that's left is the actual election.](https://youtu.be/9dg3SVOM9cc)
I think Donald Trump is so so wrong when he says our generals are morons, but then I hear Michael Flynn trying to defend him and I think maybe Trump is not wrong.
I can't wait for the puppet trump meme's with putin. Someone please make this happen.
I'm sorry, but there has to be a point where someone is taken off TV news for blatantly lying.
Chuck Todd looks like a more Canadian version of Tom Green.
... But Tom Green is Canadian...
That's the joke.
Crazy Kayleigh
I wonder which debate kayleigh mcenany was watching...
She watched it with her "I'd like a show on Trump TV" glasses.
"he made history honey"
He was "vintage" donald like it's a good thing..
I have never heard Gun Violence and tremendous in the same sentence.
How about "the 2nd Amendment has suffered trauma"....WTF???
Trump is not the only one that humiliates this country tonight, it seems...What the heck is goin' on, CNN?
CNN has done two things right in its entire existence. It had the only four copper wires leading out of Iraq in the early 90s, and they hired James Earl Jones to voice their bumper. Everything else is measured in degrees of failure.
I think they are referencing his inability to peaceful concede his loss should he not win. That's pretty humiliating. Almost 250 years we've been a country and this jackass is going to be among the very few, if not first, to fuck it up. That's humiliating.
wtf is with all these Jesus signs
I literally drilled trumps big orange head with a sock tonight. Its not good throwing things at your tv :(
Just want to share this again Please watch a comparison by John Green from vlogbrothers who is notably republican leaning, Healthcare - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p3mYrOnq2Z4 Tax Plans - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgicDQHbV3M
Wonder what Turtle McConnell is thinking right now. It is his intransigence and thinking compromise is a bad thing that caused this GOP lack of compromise and this entire movement.
Not trying to defend McConnell, but he did give his base what they asked for.
Jeff Lord looks upset that he has to be on this team instead of on the other side.
Wtf is going on behind the people on CNN?
Trump supporters have been there all day screaming bullshit trying to be louder than the hosts. Really annoying.
I was just wondering the same thing! Is it the Jesus signs people?
Yeah seriously what the fuck?
no idea why they do debate coverage like college game day...
Who thought it was a good idea to have 9 people discuss the debate at once?
Damnit CNN why did you not have the disabled reporter clip at the ready for that!.
Yeah, weird strategy to interject your trademark "Wrong" when she has used the actual footage of you doing so in a campaign add for the last month or so. That's a bold move Cotton.
Fidel Castro? The guy is 90 years old. He has no pull. Please
Hewitt is an idiot
He just lumped himself in with moderates. I'm not joking.
He really is
I wish CNN would address the screaming guy with the 1950's police whistle
I don't understand how there is so much noise back there, but I've watched college gamedays for most of my life with much bigger crowds, and there just doesn't seem to be this issue.
I watched on NBC and the crowd noises were largely muted.
Deportation force musta found someone.
Whoever is talking to Fox News is getting his ass handed to him lol. Even Fox doesn't want trump.
Fox News actually with the most level-headed post-debate coverage and really questioning Trumps people about everything he messed up on.
What do I have in my closet for a serious post-debate panel discussion? How about my fuchsia leather dominatrix suit?
Obama didn't clean up the GOP mess fast enough?
Why do I have to "get alone" to get jesus to save me?
He needs you alone so he can grab you by the pussy.
He is shy
"Hombres"
Lol is CNN really that bad right now?
Yes.
Yes. Buddy is saying referring to latinos as "bad hombres" is okay because "bad hombre" was a term that was used in 1950s on TV, and therefore it's not as bad as calling someone the n-word. It is an unadulterated, unmitigated, and unregulated calamity. EDIT: Buddy is saying that those saying they're offended on Twitter don't count because it's not a good example. Apparently racial caricatures on 1950s TV are an acceptable demonstration of civility when talking to people with difference colored skin.
No. It is glorious!
The 2 Trump supporters are coming up with the dumbest excuses and are being rude as fuck.
what is this van jones everyone is talking about and how do i see it?
CNN, black commentator, gets worked up over silly shit
lol stfu 'silly shit'
Thanks for the um... Insight?
He's a character in Cars 2.
CNN, sitting to the right (her left) of the empty pink dress.
CNN panel. Find the CNN live stream on YT
I presume he's on CNN - which seems to be what most in here are watching.
CNN
go.cnn.com
CNN panelist and super badass
He is fucking badass.
The dark and handsome one.
CNN. He gives no more fucks
Dude on CNN. He's amazing.
Trump: "We have some bad hombres here." Yikes.
just because you hear that phrase all that time doesn't make it right
"I hate to quote South Park" -C-SPAN caller
Holy shit Jeffrey Lord is fucking breaking apart. Just give up the ghost, the world has left you behind.
AP headline tomorrow Threatening to upend a basic pillar of American democracy
Yeah, that's all your going to hear about until the end of the week. Maybe until the election itself.
What is up with all the Jesus shit?
Free speech
I think he's asking about relevance...
Shouldn't we be seeing ads then? Get your shit together, capitalism.
Bible thumpers are getting desperate.
~~For those like me that needed to find a stream for the CNN fun: http://www.cnn.com/2016/10/19/politics/debate-live-stream-blog/~~ ~~Sorry folks, they finally cut the stream.~~ New stream: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKzVOR6GzeI
Bugs Bunny is currently on MSNBC speaking with Chris Matthews.
Not going to change the channel, just gonna take your word on it
Rudy Guiliani needs to rest. He is looking rough and I would think he deserves better than what he is doing now
Only respectable thing about Rudy is how he stepped up on 9/11.
Why?
> he deserves better He 'deserves' nothing.
What are they yelling in the background?
"Bill Clinton is a rapist" is one I heard.
Kelly Anne Conway and Giuliani together...
She looks 90 tonight
She really does. It looks like the Donald's campaign has been like a life-sucking vampire draining her of life.
Why is the villain off iron man 1 in the studio?
That gofundme sign is killing it. More than $800 just over the course of this post debate show lmao
I think I may have finally figured out Trumps facial expressions. I feel fairly confident now that those facial expressions are him continually convincing himself that everything he has just said and is about to say is completely true.
He calls that one pouty look 'Chinese Steel'.
Can't Watch CNN. What's going on?
The "N-word" was discussed, Trump calling the election rigged, Mexicans, it's intense.
Honestly, a shit show. And it's amazing
Jeff Lord & Kayleigh McEnany are stringing together barely coherent strings of words. Its like the offspring of Donald Trump and John Madden are talking politics and Van Jones is trying to bring civility and coherency to the discussion.
Jeff Lord and Kayleigh are crashing and burning and spinning conspiracies.
Van Jones has challenged Jeff Lord to Thunderdome and Kayleigh McEnany is doing blow off of Anderson Coopers shirtless abdomen as David Axelrod plays metal bass guitar
Axelrod going off.
Oh boy... we all needed that break
WTF is with the headphone for fox news. They look like tools. Back to CNN.
I can't wait to hear from the undecided voters, I need another drink after listening to Jeff Lord say nothing but word vomit for nearly an hour.
has Ana Navarro vs Kayleigh happened yet?
Kayleigh so in league with trump that if he GHBTP she could spin it into how it somehow benefits the colored population
ha ha ha an ad for inferno!
https://today.yougov.com/news/2016/10/19/post-debate-poll/ Clinton-49% Trump-39%
RIGGED! /s
cnn needs to go back to the riveting debate.
"Seal the river"
Worst Springsteen tribute album EVER
Wait - this is a nevada electorate and I dont see any damn Hispanic..wut ? edit : /u/cuppacoffeeatdawn and /u/CzarNikita - damn y'all, thats a very good point.
was it full of undecided? If so, thats probably why.
good point.
It was a focus group of undecided voters - Hispanics are breaking pretty clearly for Clinton
There goes CNN's fancy 3D visuals
Debate panel is back on CNN, but no Kayleigh (sp?)
At last
Angela Rye. Mmm.
#CockHerUp
Honestly earlier that crazy Trump supporter in the tight red outfit was hott. Too bad shes nuts.
Hey why is every lady wearing rubber and leather tonight. Me likey.
Madam presidents after-parties are fucking epic
Angela Rye in the black leather. Be still my heart.
Is Jeffrey Lord paid by CNN directly?
Look at those coked out Corey eyes.
CNN aftershow is better than debate.
It's like a 8 way boxing match. Loving it.
gloria, david and van are mvps tonight.
Van for president.
So, consensus on winner? I know who I thought won, but I couldn't see the consensus here right after, and I can't watch for narrative. Edit: Okay, so my understanding of a Clinton win seems to be correct?
All the polling done ive seen shows Clinton won. Most of them handily. My personal take on it as a democrat: She killed his campaign tonight. Especially with him on stage saying he wont accept the election. Thats going to dominate the news cycle for several days. May even see more GOP people pull endorsements. Thats how bad his performance was.
Him saying he won't accept it **and** her making him look ridiculous for having not accepted literally any loss ever because he's such a big crybaby **and** him confirming the stupid Emmy example and then just standing there with a stupid fuckin grin like "Yup, she's right, I'm basically a psychopath"
Outside of brigaded online polls the consensus is Clinton achieved victory in the 3rd debate. If anything it seems even more in agreement than the 1st debate result.
Hillary has won all the scientific polls I've seen.
52% Hillary 39% Trump
CNN poll said Clinton.
Not saying I disagree bigly, but that's CNN..
Fox said Clinton won.
Even Fox News has conceded that Hillary won it.
Have they? I switched over to Fox for a quick peek and saw Hannity saying Trump had a good night. I switched backed to CNN.
Clinton, overwhelmingly.
Hill kicked Trump arse.
Clinton stayed on message and had fangs. All her attacks landed. Donald did good by not throwing a tantrum for the first thirty minutes, but then he got flustered, started rambling and sniffling again. Hillary had the more commanding presence. Donald seemed to shrink throughout.
We made bets how long it would take him to sniffle, lol.
What the fuck are they screaming about now?
Cnn went to Wolf so they could hose away the insane Trump supporters shouting over them.
Angela Rye looks like shes about to beat down Jeffery and Corey.
So what do we call Bill? We got the First Lady and FLOTUS. What is he? The first gentleman? FGOTUS?
A rapist?
Probably Former President
FPlayerOTUS
This. This is my vote.
iirc Bill fielded the phrase "First Laddie"
It's First Gentleman for governors, so yeah probably.
First Gentleman is the standard.
>Sitting on a sofa on a Sunday afternoon, >Going to the candidates' debate. >Laugh about it, shout about it. When you've got to choose, >Every way you look at it, you lose.
Pardon joke was the best of the night. Hands down!
It's over. :) Hello Madam President.
Welcome to prison, here's your orange suit :)
November 8th is going to be hard for you.
I'm from Indonesia, so it doesn't affect me much as long as you guys stop poking at middle east and start war with Russia. We don't have islam apologist in here or BLM or 3rd wave feminist. If there's an indication of radicalization the good muslim won't hesitate to report to police without anyone labeling them islamophobe. The relation between minority (chinese/indian) and the locals are good. No one defend thugs or having illegal immigrant showing up on national television without getting deported/jailed.
Instead of "thanks Obama" I propose "curse you Clinton!"
At one point during the debate Trump talked about Hillary's future presidency and how it was a disaster then declared sarcastically, "thanks Hillary." I guess republicans aren't much for improvisation.
Yeah he's not a rehearsed liar like Clinton
If by 'rehearsed liar' you mean 'actually prepared for a debate' then yeah sure. It's obvious Donnie is in far over his head.
Trump isn't a rehearsed anything, I'll definitely concede that. "I'll be the best president you've ever had...as long as it's not a job I have to prepare for in any way." - Trump probably
OK?
OK what? You think it's fine for a person to be completely and utterly unprepared for the presidency when they're running for the presidency? That's something the vast majority of Americans disagree with you on.
No just saying "OK?" as in a "probable" quote from him? Sounds about right. Keep on spewing what all Hillary's campaigners AKA the mainstream media are telling you.
That's clearly been his attitude throughout the entire campaign. He boasted about not preparing for the debates. IDK what to tell you, your candidate is a fucking moron. Or he thinks he's running for third-grade class president.
You've obviously never seen one of his rallies then. He is constantly talking about policy, especially his most recent speech at Gettysburg. You should watch it. It's trending on youtube so it's pretty hard to miss right now.
Jeffrey Lord cucking himself in front of millions of people. HOLY FUCK THIS IS GOLD
Wait, what did Jeffrey Lord say?? I must have missed it
Trump's the biggest beta of them all.
Except he realizes he's a caricature. Half his statements he shrugs his shoulders and smirks at his set mates like, "Sorry. It's my role here."
Nothing worse than an undecided voter at this point. I respect trump supporters more than undecided. At least they seem oblivious to their disaster candidate. With undecided voters its like they know Trump is a racist, bigot piece of shit but still might vote for him.
Because an (arguably) racist, bigot piece of shit is better than a massively corrupt, perpetually lying, terribly careless piece of shit. (Ok maybe not as a person, but for sure as a president)
I'm married to a minority, i can't vote for racism and look at her in the face. sorry.
[deleted]
still doesn't disprove my point, go vote for the racist if you think that. Don't tell me umm ummm i dunno, maybe we can get 12 more debates? can i hear the topics again? get out and do your own damn research and quit expecting to get spoon fed your candidate of choice
[deleted]
lol im not wasting my time proving this, its everywhere. do your own research
[deleted]
damn, so salty brah. Its ok, maybe you can have a chance at your candidate winning the next go round. Or not.
[deleted]
better than grabbing it eh?
I think the undecideds are definitely all trump supporters but they're too ashamed to admit it.. even to themselves. They're looking for any excuse that'd validate their preference
But, eh, might not. Who knows? Cuz, oh, hey... squirrel!
[deleted]
She did exactly what she had to do, flawlessly.
Can we get a debate where the moderator has control over the mics? Hillary shredded Trump, but both sides were equally guilty of talking around questions. I'd love to see both cut off mid sentence, mod like "You aren't adressing the question, try again."
While both sides certainly gave some non-answers, some where non-answers in the ballpark while others were non-answers not only in a different ballpark in a different state, but also in a different sport. That's not even counting the constant interruption by someone.
Absolutely. The one glaring non answer from Hillary was on the Clinton Foundation. It's insulting as a voter to have a great question brought up then listen to her do acrobatics for 2 minutes hoping we forgot the question.
Yea, I kinda cringed at that one. At the beginning it seemed like she was trying to say she picked the best people for the jobs, regardless of if they donated to the Foundation or not.
Someday we'll get a candidate that is charismatic and honest enough to just get in front of the cameras and speak their mind without having to over analyze and calculate every word. But also informed and sane enough to have reasonable policies.
Maybe one of [these guys](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UUMdCV-Z7kk)?
I swear, every time I think we've hit bottom, there's another level. Everything about this election is vile. Fuck 2016.
We got 4 more years of vileness no matter what, so fuck 2017, fuck 2018, fuck 2019, and also fuck 2020.
Disagree. You are using "we" language when it is clearly one demographic with one figurehead.
Well, the earth is round, we´re bound to get out on the other side eventually.
https://youtu.be/5NZKo-BxGyg?t=19s
Clinton hasn't been vile. The Obama's haven't been vile. All the vile from exactly one group of people. Don't blame 2016, blame them.
Amen.
Both candidates came out looking stronger than ever and Trump felt more restrained than previous debates. Problem for Trump is that while he excellently solidified his position with his followers, I don't think he is going to sway many undecided with this debate, which is what he needs, being down in the polls.
Agreed. He was stronger than he ever was in the previous two debates tonight, but Hillary was just as good, and he didn't gain nearly as much ground as he needed to in these last few weeks of the election. I personally think Hillary's best performance was the previous debate, but she held her ground tonight for the most part, and he needed to wreck her to truly gain anything from this. Overall, I don't think this one is going to have much impact.
And none of that will matter because the only thing most people will take away from this is that Trump will not accept the results. He totally fucked himself with that one answer.
It was decidedly anti-democracy and therefore un-American.
What's the name of the crazy white-haired guy on CNN right now? The unprincipled one?
jeffrey lord
Jeffrey Lord
Jeffery Lord.
Jeff Lord, and he is something else.
Jeffrey something. Cant handle the guy, worst human on TV
Its not worth knowing. For your mental health.
Jeff Lord
Thank you
Go Van Jones!
What are you watching?
CNN
Jeffrey Lorde is something else. Kayleigh is bae though.
Until she opens her mouth
Kayleigh needs to be evaluated by a psychiatrist. Good God she is a special sort of stupid.
Hillary won the debate yet again.
I feel like Hillary Clinton did really well, but when I go on twitter I see so many surveys that say Trump won by a landslide. Why the heck is that?
Because you're clueless?
Trump supporters brigade online polls after every debate to make him look like he won. They're all shown to be horribly wrong, but Trump believes them.
Im leaning hillary but i think this was trumps strongest debate. He didnt really lose his cool and stay mostly on point
I made up my mind for Clinton a long time ago, but I always like to go into these debates imagining what the rest of the country and political leanings might be thinking. I agree, it's been his strongest debate yet. He did a great job appealing to the right wing without fucking up the delivery all that much this time. I still think Clinton did a much better job appealing to moderates, however, and she did a similarly good job appealing to the left as Trump did to the right. But yeah, he really didn't fuck up the delivery nearly as much as he had before.
trump needed to slam dunk this debate really hard, and even if he did so, it would still be in clinton's favor slightly. Breitbart had hillary 57.x%, Trump 42.x%, headlines seem to be coming in already "Trump Won’t Say if He Will Accept Election Results"
It happened after the first debate, too.
It's Trump supporters taking over all of the online polls to make it seem like he won.
For some context, [here's after the first debate.](https://i.imgur.com/IPLYlPf.jpg) The gist: bots/brigading
Those instant online polls are worthless as you can just keep voting countless times. Check out the cnn and the yougov polls as they use scientific methods.
Online polls aren't scientific (like the CNN instant poll). They can be brigaded with unlimited votes, and botted as well.
bots
bots. Thats what.
Those are online polls that t_d floods with bots.
Trump supporters brigading. They seem to think that if they flood the online polls people will magically think he is competent.
If Twits and Facebook likes counted Bernie would be Ruler of the Universe already.
Supreme Ruler!
To be fair, their "god emperor" has decided now to only pay attention to rigged online polls. It's fine by me - let election night be a surprise for them. It'll make it more entertaining for me.
Trump supporters brigading the online surveys
Trump supporters will be violent come Nov. 9
I think we will see incidents of brown people intimidated or getting beat down at their polling places on November 8th.
Or white 4chan neckbeards going into ghettos to intimidate minorities and getting their ass kicked.
I just got a mental image of my girlfriend's black grandma in her church clothes beating down some neckbeard with her purse.
If you can, vote early...
You mean the 29th?
Some, I assume, are good people.
I'm rewatching the live coverage... any reason why CNN's focus group, when first asked, said Clinton won 11-9, but Trump won the second time 10-5? I mean, did these people forget that they had said an hour ago that Clinton won?
10-5 is who they are voting for. While the 11-9 is who they thought won the debate.
Ok. I must have missed that qualifier. Thanks.
Undecided people are this countries most ignorant and stupid. If you can't be bothered to look into what each of these two clowns stands for and make a decision about it, you're a moron.
I know lol how could you be undecided at this point? People just don't pay attention I guess...
Shit, I can't even believe that people wouldn't have just happened upon something that would've swayed their opinion in the thirty plus years that both Hillary and Trump have been public figures.
I think the people who are undecided are the die hard republicans. The are trying really hard to find a reason to vote against their team. Voting for Clinton will go against their very DNA, but they know fine well that Trump is a moron. Any excuse to say he isn't that bad will be gladly grabbed.
I really wish that tribe would just vote 3rd party. Even if they won't elect that candidate, I think getting real 3rd party results and/or federal funding would be a unique point in our election dialog.
But on the other hand going 3rd party risks, the chance of getting the clown elected.
To some extend yes, but that's only true if you're in a swing state, and even then, I feel like a lot of people voting 3rd party are Republicans looking to get away from Trump. But regardless - honestly if you can't stomach either candidate, I feel like 3rd party is a good and fair choice. If you do prefer one of the main candidates, then definitely vote for them. At the end of the day, the 3rd party "stealing a vote" only applies if you were down with voting for either of the two main candidates anyway. If you weren't going to vote for either, you might as well vote 3rd party to help along the idea that there's more than (D) and (R) on ballots.
Hi republican here. I think you explained this rather well. Voting the the lesser of two evils is still a vote for evil. Neither candidate has said or done a single statement to give me confidence or bliss in going to the voting booth. I understand that a lot of democrats are happy with Hillary, and that is their prerogative. I also understand there are a good many republicans ( I cringe at saying that) who are satisfied with Trump. However, I hold my party to a higher standard and scrutiny than this clown fiesta. If me not voting and the republicans losing is what it takes to shake the stupid out of the vast majority of my "fellow republicans," then I'm quite okay with that.
>lot of democrats are happy with Hillary I think 'tolerating' might be more apt.
I'm pretty happy with her
Cool.
Well said. And I think we'd be a lot less tolerating of her if she weren't running against Trump.
I understand that as a Republican you are disinclined to ever be happy with Hillary because of your positions on issues. However, I would remind you that last night Trump said he'd leave us in suspense about wether or not he'll accept the results of the election. I hope you found that statement as disturbing as I did, every American should be aghast. Would you consider voting Republicans for house and senate and Clinton for President? You could hurt Trump more by giving Clinton your vote, just this one time, because she represents sanity and our treditions. I would gladly vote for Bush JR, Romney, McCain, etc over Trump, even though I'm a democrat.
When Trump said that I literally [just...](http://static5.gamespot.com/uploads/scale_large/792/7922233/3004322-9976099713-100.g.gif) My problem with voting for Hillary has less to do with her policies and more to do with my fear of her pick for SCOTUS. When Trump said that he would nominate justices that could potentially overturn Roe v. Wade, I was jaws on the floor. But Hillary is just as scary in the reverse. Both candidates (as with many Americans) are okay with mixing partisan politics with the Supreme Court. This is one issue I cannot overlook. Our Judicial Branch is at an all time low in approval because of this very issue. Presidents and Congress push Justices that cater to agenda's and not for the sake of being a-political. If Hillary were to promise a fair and reasonable choice I would vote for her.
What a nasty man.
Where's Malik?
Where's Malik, Stringer?
Come at the king, you best not miss.
Q: Why should people vote for you? A: You don't want 4 more years of Barack Obama. Pretty much "vote for me because I'm not Hillary"
Terrible answer. Obama's approval ratings keep rising.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uq-v1TTUyhM
Wishing her good luck over the next 4 years was a very kind, sincere gesture.
let's see how Kellyanne spins this clusterfuck
She is spinning in her grave
She ran for the exit door
couldn't gtfo fast enough
She's spinning it on CNN right now. Insane.
she looked deflated
Can't wait to vote on Monday.
The 35th, right?
Early voting starts November 28th
Can't wait to vote on Thanksgiving
Pro tip: Do NOT search for "what a nasty woman" on Youtube. The results are nsfw.
> what a nasty woman" in 5 minutes it will be less nsfw
Trump just made Pence, Conway look totally FUCKING stupid by not going to accept the loss when he is defeated.
how can you accept it though? elections have just been federalized, dead people are registered to vote by the millions. it's over. democracy and liberalism is DEAD.
He's basically internalized, as much as Trump can internalize something like this, that he's going to lose. Everything that remains in the election and everything else he does is figuring out how best he can assuage his own ego and image.
I think that comment, in front of tens of millions of people that he would keep us in suspense... and then Hillary's subsequent demolishing of him is going to be a real nail in the coffin for him. There's no walking that back.
trump got destroyed. absolutely destroyed out there.
20 years from now, scholars will be taking out a ruler to try to measure if there was ever a more revolting presidential election than the 2016 one. I will grant that Hillary is not most pristine candidate out there, but Donald ran a dirty campaign from start to finish. He dragged her down to his level, and it became a two-sided mudslinging fest that turned my stomach. In my personal opinion, it is a really bad sign when all you can do to represent yourself is try to underscore the faults of the opposition. All three presidential debates have been pretty much nothing but that, and frankly I am amazed that even the most myopic paranoid delusional would want to waste their vote on him.
>but Donald ran a dirty campaign from start to finish I agree, but have you seen the atrocities the Clinton campaign and their collusion with the DNC have done? Or are you purposefully ignoring all the 100% authentic leaks that have come out? In 20 years people will be writing about how Clinton, even when she cheated the win from a Socialist, even when she cheated and swindled her way with media and government agency collusion, she still couldn't win against the biggest Giant Douche in the world. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlqKFlU7YAs
A wise man ignores no fact. A wiser man does not let a few offending facts get him so upset that he becomes blind to the bigger picture. Politics is an ugly business. Prove to me that the things that have *not* been leaked from the RNC's end are not at least as bad. One cannot. This is why historical scholars 20 years from now will likely be yawning as they make note of the wikileaks. I do confess myself a bit boggled that, for all the mention of e-mail leaks and Bengazi screwups, Hillary didn't bother to mention how often the RNC made the very same mistakes. Is it collusion, or just political suicide to mention?
Kayleigh's voice is the definition of shrill.
Who the fuck are these pathetic trump supporters. It's so obvious hes done and over.
Hillbillies looking for a handout.
I will not accept a "nasty woman" as POTUS even if she wins. - A Nasty Man
I thought Donald was doing great for about the first 40 mins, then President Elect Clinton changed his game.
Not sure it was 40 min, but as soon as she said he "choked" in Mexico, it was over. You could see it starting in his face. He is so easily agitated.
Bigly is my new favorite word
Bigly, Big League, it's all the same word, right?
he's saying 'big league'. But I prefer to think he is saying bigly.
Really ?! I was sure he just invented the word bigly :p Perhaps his only good contribution to humanity.
I heard bigly.
I'm pretty confident that he was saying "bigly" for months, then realized that makes him look stupid so he pretended he was saying "big league" all along
Van Jones doing a good job on cnn
Clinton managed to seem sane and calm- Trump did not.
At the end of the day, Trump is what we are going to talk about tomorrow, and not in a good way. This campaign has shown the more you are talked about, the more you are losing.
Literally nobody cares about Gore's concession. Most people wish he wouldn't have.
GOP healthcare plans kills babies.
http://imgur.com/a/KVPJQ
CNN Poll: Hillary wins 52% - 39% for Trump
RIGGED! /s
Why does everyone watch the post debate spin? Still digesting the debate shit show. I can spin it myself, the alcohol helps it quite finely.
Don't like to go to bed drunk
Was waiting for the polls mostly
Are all undecided voters obese now?
No, American
CNN's post election focus group segments are so awkward. The way the reporter will just talk into a camera and then go into something like "and you felt that way didn't you ~~prop #22~~Natalie." Just real weird
I love that they have to swap out the GOP shills. Like they can't shill for two segments, its just too tiring.
The Pro Trump crowd on CNN literally can only do what Trump does, attack Hillary, there is just no defending this guy.
Al gore did it! Al gore did it! ...well, he didn't, but ok, let's pretend he did. IT'S STILL WRONG FOR TRUMP TO DO IT! Bill Clinton did it, Bill Clinton did it! Well...He didn't. But ok, let's pretend He did. IT'S STILL WRONG FOR TRUMP TO DO IT!
This isn't true. They can also talk about Al Gore a whole bunch as well.
Egomaniac
So did this debate change anyone to Clinton, Trump, other or undecided?
I think the no-fly zone bit may have made some people wary - or at least it should. The third debate isn't going to have much of an impact though.
we've got a pro war candidate vs a pro war candidate. real great selection for the general there.
It's a pretty crap choice for sure. Either a dangerous escalation of the cold war with one, or who-the-hell-knows-but-nothing-good with the other. No matter who wins, the entire rest of the world is losing.
Tonight was for undecideds. Trump gave them no reason to want to vote for him.
Actually, as an undecided, this debate made me decide to go with Trump. Not by a large margin, as I actually agree with some of the things Clinton proposes, but I agree more bigly with certain Trump aspects. Mostly though, I really can't wait to see this country go down the shitter no matter who wins. So tired of bullshit. Nobody's honest anymore. It's all money. Joe Exotic is my second choice.
Poe's law.
Do you want to blow it all up? Is that why your going with Trump??
In all honesty? Have you seen how people bash each other on here? About what? How one billionaire is going to change our lives differently than another billionaire? Spoiler alert: nothing will change. We'll notice a slight increase or decrease in our paychecks. Maybe women will have to try a little bit hard to get an abortion, or some people will have to try a bit harder to get a gun. So what? Shit like this literally tears people apart. Turns normally civilized people into savages. I realize this is the internet n all, but how much rational thought-storming goes on? Very little. I've got -7 points (probably more at time of writing this) on that post for disagreeing with someone else's opinion on who would be a better façade for getting fucked. I think we've lost it as a country. What could've been the greatest true ideological debate on how to solve shortcomings in the world, we've got e-mail and groping scandals. People just yelling at each other. I don't need to go to the zoo anymore, I can just turn on the news. There are real, tangible problems in the world that need real, tangible solutions. If blowing it all up unites us on real, important issues, then please do. My personal opinion though? At this point, nothing will, and I wholeheartedly believe we're done as a country and a world power.
I agree America's arguably been done since China took over. But the horrible gridlock and anger in congress reflects on the rest of the country, people are so divided. If Trump doesn't win he has energized his followers to create real damage... it's pretty scary.
Which billionaire are you talking about? Mark Cuban or Warren Buffet?
Billionaire would have just been a metaphor for "people who have way more money than most of us will ever have". I'll never come close to Clinton's net worth, much less Trump's. Nobody who makes that much money gives a half of a quarter-fuck about what the average Joe wants or needs. That's my main point. My apologies for the poor wording.
[deleted]
How so?
His position on Supreme Court nominees will sway a lot more people than you think.
I disagree. Most people who feel strongly enough about abortion or other issues he brought up already knew they were voting for him.
While that is a fair point, the recency in which these things were brought up is important. As controversy swirls around Trump's campaign, many people are slowly shuffling away from his camp, but an appeal by him to some people's fundamental values in the final debate would near inarguably reel some people back into the fold.
Is this where the punch and pie is? I was told there would be punch and pie.
Well, the debate phase is finally over and Hillary objectively nailed all three stages of it. Now it's up to the American people, who I trust will make the intelligent choice and vote **against** the narcissistic, misogynistic demagogue put forth by the GOP, and also put Democrats back in control of Congress, so the government may function sanely again, as the current republican assholes cannot even fund something as obvious and decent as federal Zika response, without making it hostage by loading the bill with toxic hardcore partisan ideology. The current republican assholes willing to cripple basic government functions for eight years by denying confirmation for judges up and down and all across the judicial system, as well as ambassadors and heads of departments, agencies and bureaus. The current republican assholes willing to cripple basic government functions such as approving the annual spending budget, creating nationwide shutdowns over petty ideological squabbles. The current republican assholes who, when one of their own is in the White House and they do not get their way, are the first to scream in a shrill voice "WHY DO YOU HATE AMERICA?!!" The current republican assholes with no backbone nor integrity, who will "denounce yet endorse" (whatever the hell that means) a republican presidential candidate who is clearly and deeply, willfully ignorant as well as emotionally unstable.
[removed]
Hi `wereondrugs`. Thank you for participating in /r/Politics. However, [your comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/58eh18/2016_presidential_race_third_presidential/d901419) has been removed for the following reason(s): * Your comment does not meet our [comment civility rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil). Please avoid personal attacks. This is a warning. If you have any questions about this removal, please feel free to [message the moderators.](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/politics&subject=Question regarding the removal of this comment by /u/wereondrugs&message=I have a question regarding the removal of this [comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/58eh18/2016_presidential_race_third_presidential/d901419?context=10000\))
Trump can still win. He eeks by all red States , carry TX by 0.1% etc. Win Ohio and Florida by few hundreds , due to low vote turnouts. becomes POTUS even though losses popular vote by few millions. Talking about rigged election. 
> denounce yet endorse Wait, now I think about it, it sound awfully like Orwell's [Doublethink](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doublethink)
Did you see Kellyanne on CNN? That's when you know he's fucked. She was so forced... And walked away uncomfortable. She's starting to falter.
Just tuned in, she got up and left?
She is realizing she will forever be attached to this dumpster fire.
Donald trump had an absolute nightmare of a night. What the fuck is she talking about? Who is this girl and what is she saying?
She's a recent Law School grad that saw the opportunity to gain public notoriety by becoming a Trump surrogate. Don't believe anything she says. She's a master bullshitter and this is so obviously about advancing her career.
I assume you're talking about Kayleigh McEnany. She's a trump surrogate. Blonde Baghdad Bob.
Republicans have been putting out candidates that get worse every election since 2008. Where do they go from here? In 2020 are they going to run a racist chimp throwing his poop at everyone?
Ted Cruz.
You're hoping that they turn it around in 2020 then?
We used to have bananas. The best bananas!
What the fuck has 1% GDP (ahem) got to do with Debt-to-GDP ratio? GDP (growth) can be fuelled by increasing debt.
John Green did videos comparing their [health](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p3mYrOnq2Z4) and [tax](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgicDQHbV3M) plans. They really help illuminate the impact of all these stats.
I'll admit I don't know and suspect an awful lot of people don't. Trump's many diversions into fear mongering make me skeptical of nearly everything he says, I assume we're just growing slowly. Maybe that's better than a bubble that pops.
What a beat down. Donnie behaved like a total child up there.
Listen, when you widdel it down to the bare bits, you're choosing between corruption and anarchy. In my opinion, corruption is easier to clean up.
I respectfully disagree. Anarchy can be countered with a new rallying point that brings people together with a common goal. Corruption means that those in power stay in power, and people who try to change it have the deck stacked against them. Where I live there is a big problem with corruption, and even reporting on clear ethical violations and illegal activity is met with apathy and hand-waving.
Thats implying that Trump isn't also corrupt though. Which Trump Foundation shows he is. Its corruption vs corruption and anarchy.
I rather have to fix the government than build a new one.
checks and balances can help with corruption. Total lunacy canny be contained.
whittle*
Whittle*
Hillary won
Bigly.
CNN is milking the shit out of the "nasty woman" comment.
It was definitely a line that made me look up and go wtf?
I predict that "nasty woman" is the new "47 percent" and it will be the epitaph on Trump's election gravestone.
It was so out of the blue.
Well, not only did it paint him as a manchild, not only was the irony that he himself was nasty to say it, but he has said this in the recent past about his debate plans; [Trump on Clinton: 'I can be nastier than she ever can be'](http://www.cnn.com/2016/09/30/politics/donald-trump-bill-clinton-presidential-debate-hillary-clinton/) So, he earned the shellacking he is getting, believe me.
cause it was fucking insane
Totally anecdotal but that got the biggest rise out of the women I was watching with. I didn't think much of it, but I think it really struck a nerve with women.
My mom thought it was hilarious
There are definitely things Trump says that many men just gloss over as no big deal and this is one of them. I know I'm guilty, the first time I watched the 'pussy grabber' video it just seemed like another stupid thing he said (on top of the hundreds of other stupid things) but seeing my S.O's reaction was very damning. Rewatching that video from a different viewpoint definitely sells how fucking deplorable his comments are.
woman here. my jaw dropped. i would think lots of dudes would also find it a fucking deplorable comment.
It didn't with me, I didn't even hear him say it. But I'm glad other people are pissed and putting more heat on Trump. I've already voted against him and have no more fucks to give about the shit he spews out of his mouth.
Same thing happened at my watch party, especially when he said all the stuff against him was "fiction".
It was totally unacceptable in a POTUS campaign frankly. It'll go down in history as the "you're no JFK" comment.
lol people are still undecided. These "undecided" people are uneducated, lazy, attention seeking fuck heads. I said it.
bingooooooooo
Eh, I'll be a bit more generous. I can imagine people out there suffering economically. Can't get jobs or are stuck in low-paying jobs. So they want a big change in the political leadership that has failed them for years...but the outsider choice is a total jackass. So the choice becomes tough for them.
I can see that i guess, but the real problem is they failed themselves. Probably not much personal responsibility in that line of thinking.
Completely agree. If you're not decided by this point, you either don't care or haven't paid attention
[deleted]
As if the super smart leaders of ISIS can't figure out Mosul will be attacked once all the troops begin staging themselves around the city. Or that they can't recognize Mosul is a strategically important city that will be attacked.
Every time he opened his mouth related to Mosul or Aleppo I cringed. It was like watching a train wreck.
Trump lost all three debates. He was crazy bad tonight. Going to give this one to Clinton 72 to Trump 28. He did nothing all night.
honestly, i've seen trump FAR worse. it's mostly that hillary hasn't ever been better. she trounced him. I hate them both, but i'm honest.
Except win the debate.
So, that wasn't Jedi Master vs Sith Lord. That was Jedi Master vs that bureaucrat who Darth Vader strangled.
It was more like Star Wars Kid vs. Basically your average Jedi
Trump declared the following: "Bad Harambes" Consider my vote decided.
it was "hombre"
I giggled, +1
Who's the Barbie lookalike on Cnn that's getting a 10 from Germany in mental gymnastics to defend him?
Kayleigh McEnany, or as I like to say, MAGA-ninny.
10 from Russia too.
Kayleigh something. She's an idiot. Edit: McEneny
I think you're talking about Kayleigh McEnany?
So. Hillary said "middle out growth" twice. http://imgur.com/a/2TgL4 Does she have a strategy to get people talking about her economic policy by making it into a Silicon Valley meme?
Someone get Anderson's crazy, drunk uncle off of the set. Right? right?
Hombre!
So does every online poll have Trump winning by 90%?
What polls are you reading? Even foxnews.com has him losing.
The bots are out in force!
Brigading by groups like /r/the_dejected and /pol/ as well as white supremacists.
Probably. Wait for scientific polls.
Bots.
Yes
Bots...the same ones who automatically upvote posts on the Donald sub
4chan & t_d are proxy voting. They've done it for every online poll. We have to wait for actual polls 4-5 days later to see any actual real results
breitbart actually has her winning. http://imgur.com/rqpODCs
So, isn't it in the Constitution that we choose the President by... you know.... voting? Is Trump just skipping over that part?
There's 27 amendments to the constitution and He basically just wants to focus on just on the 2nd.. /sigh
Something something the others can't exist without the 2nd
Yeah, what about the 3rd? That never gets any love.
That was in place so soldiers can't take over your home in case they need one. Ironically, the 2nd amendment was your right to bear arms to protect against the soldiers. Now we have soldiers needing homes but no one opens their home to them.
And some of his supporters want to repeal the 19th.
It just says gender, not women. It would be funny if it was repealed and only women could vote. Be careful what people ask for, they just may get it.
Has the Trumpers finally settled on the post-debate narrative? A lot of 'HRC isn't inspiring' if you sort by New
I thought Hillary won that one, Trump needs to chill out sometimes
Trump talking about nukes literally makes me want to cry. It's like he watched an action movie once, and thinks he knows everything now.
For all those wondering what would happen if Trump didn't concede No one is offically declare the winner until the the Sec. Of State of each state certify all the votes and submit their states electoral votes to the chairman of the FEC, upon which the FEC certifies that one of the candidates on the ballot (with the number of electoral votes) is now the President-Elect and will be sworn in as the new President Of the United States on Jan 20th. in accordance with the election procedures described by the United States Constitution. Concession is a ceremonial thing where the loser concedes to the victor (unofficial) so that the victor can focus the next few months on transition, unifying the country, and preparing to take office as President during a peaceful and serene time. Technically Trump can still campaign, hold rallies, critiize Clinton and so on and so forth and pretend he is the new POTUS until the FEC offically declares the winner (it usually takes a few week for an offical vote tally)
Note he wouldn't have a security detail anymore.....
Can someone tell me what tape he was talking about that proves Hillary and Obama paid protesters $1,500 to be violent at his rallies?
It was one Hillary staffer that was on tape.
It wasn't just a "staffer". It was Robert Creamer, who's personally visited with Obama more than 40 times at the White House. That's a connected man who admitted on tape to voter fraud for Hillary Clinton.
You do know his wife is a Congresswoman who is good friends with Obama right? She has represents a district part of Chicago is in for near 20 years.
What part of my statement are you refuting? The part that he's a criminal? The part where he's had **42 personal visits with Obama**? The part where he confesses to voter fraud on the orders of the Clinton campaign? Or are you just trying to divert attention from those facts?
42 personal visits? Uh. No. He was near the POTUS 42 times, but if you look at the visitor logs, you'll notice that the total people attending those meetings was quite large. The largest had 1,851 people in attendance. Only a handful of meetings had less than 100 people in attendance. He was his wife's +1 to things like speeches, congressional picnics, a Hanukkah reception, a holiday ball, etc. Hell, all you have to do is look at the room he supposedly met with Obama in to know these weren't personal meetings. They include the South Lawn, the State Floor, East Room, etc. Those are *gigantic* spaces.
You're grasping at straws. Here's a picture of him [chilling with Michelle Obama](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_NPeIdlHaoaQ/SxKrJt_1n4I/AAAAAAAAFmE/qVg-1N3DP-0/s1600/Bob.jpg). Do you think that level of access is granted to just anyone? He visited the White House 300+ times. And personally with Obama 42 times. Now address the other two points... * Do you refute that Bob Creamer is a convicted criminal? * Do you refute that he confessed to voter fraud in plain English, on the orders of the Clinton campaign?
Yeah.... chilling at a huge event addressing feeding the poor. Good god. Also, yes, Creamer was convicted of writing checks with insufficient funds, to continue running his non-profit. He paid it all back and also served time for that. Not nice, but not quite the kind of "criminal" that you think of. And I absolutely do not believe O'Keefe. He is a known liar and manipulator of video, and unless they release full raw footage with all metadata, I will not believe a single thing on those videos.
Grasping at straws? You claimed he met with Obama personally 42 times when the records show no such personal meeting happened. If you're wiling to accept the white house logs as truth, you have to also accept the fact that *they say how many people were in attendance* which makes it painfully obvious they weren't personal meetings. Hell, many of them have descriptions of what they were like "POTUS 9.16 speech."
I think that was the o'keefe video... not really sure though, I haven't seen it.
Here it is: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IuJGHuIkzY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IuJGHuIkzY)
Isn't this the same guy who faked the planned parenthood videos via manipulative editing?
Yeah, that guy also hypnotized them to confess deplorable action and got them fired/resigned :(
That he is, that he is
So, these videos are gonna cause investigation that's going to reveal they were edited to make it appear people were saying something entirely different then what they said as well in all likelyhood. Good to know, thanks!
Google Project Veritas
Oh god not those. Even if true(which seems doubtful), they're edited to specifically seem like conspiracy theories. So sketchy. Sad, because the allegations are believable on their own.
An allegations that got one of them fired and the other one resigned. Nice. keep wearing tin foil hat hombre.
Probably one of the newer O'Keefe videos. He's the guy who got arrested for editing and misrepresenting the ACORN tapes.
He is also convicted felon who impersonated a telephone line repair man to try and phone-tap a sitting US Senator.
> He is also convicted felon False, was plead down to misdemeanor "entering a federal building under false pretenses."
Incorrect. He is classified as a felon and famously lost his ability to vote despite attempting to influence others in this regard.
> Conservative filmmaker James O’Keefe was sentenced to three years of probation, 100 hours of community service and a $1,500 fine after he pleaded guilty on Wednesday to ***misdemeanor charges*** stemming from his involvement in a break-in at Sen. Mary Landrieu’s (D-La.) office. Every news story about the case supports this reality.
Then maybe you can explain to me why he is unable to vote? Stop lying, Trumpster.
Quoting mainstream news outlet stories on the topic = lying now. What a world we live in. Why don't you produce some evidence to support your argument if you believe it that strongly? You don't think when he releases a video about electioneering that outlets would jump all over the chance to discredit him that way? Yet nothing. Multiple search parameters. Not one shred of support for your claim.
Its almost like traditional media gave this story less than a quarter news cycle because the man is a fucking fraud. Hmm, I wonder why they did that, not even Fox News focused on it long. Felon. Get over it.
> Felon. Get over it. Multiple search parameters. Not one shred of support for your claim. And you have no evidence to support it either. Typical.
And the Planned Parenthood provably false selling fetuses video
So the whole thing is... "Look at the proof in this video from this guy who famously makes fake misleading videos" Trump level 9000
[deleted]
Donald doesn't believe in polls.
He only believe in polls that said he won.
Bunch of kids running up the tally with bots.
Because they are polls. If you call 5 random people you could easily get 100% Clinton supporters or you could get 100% Trumpets. If you want to see who (most likely) won, wait a few days and see what the poll aggregators (like 538) are showing.
Because polls are meaningless unless they're done with a very large sample size and random participants. An online poll at newspaperx.com is already biased to people who have internet *and* subscribe to that site. For any poll to be meaningful it'll have to be nationwide and a full, random cross section of ~~society~~ voters, I've never seen an election poll do that.
There's been two *scientific* post-debate polls - CNN/ORC & YouGov. Both say that HRC won the debate. * CNN/ORC: HRC 52%, DJT 39% * YouGov: HRC 49%, DJT 39% The other polls are online, unscientific polls that are garbage.
Because instant polls are not representative of the entire population, only specific demographics.
Self-selection bias and bots running up polls. Polls on Drudge Report or Breitbart will say that Trump did a great job, and a few polls that don't have good security will back those up, but look deeper and you'll see 1000 responses for Trump from the same IP address, you know something's fishy.
I would say the same thing about the voting polls for the actual election, but for Clinton.
Clinton doesn't need to rig the election to win. She's not well liked by a lot of people but Trump has alienated way too many people.
Yep, it's all rigged. I know because of all of the evidence Trump has showing that it's all a big conspiracy. Oh wait...
Breitbart's poll has Hillary as the winner. http://www.breitbart.com/2016-presidential-race/2016/10/19/poll-won-third-presidential-debate/
Conspiracy theory: they made it happen to try to disprove the fact that his supporters are brigading online polls.
It was rigged!
[removed]
Hilary hasn't been clear on how she intends to protect kids, but at a guess I'd say making the gun owner responsible for anything done with the weapon would be how the legislation would work. No one would go door to door checking to make sure guns are properly secured, but in the event that a child used a parent's gun to kill or injure someone the parent would be held accountable. I grew up in Texas, I've been around guns all my life. I'm all for people owning guns, but I support additional regulation. I'd personally like to see gun ownership treated like having a CDL. If you are a gun owner and are convicted of any crime, you automatically get the maximum sentence. Misdemeanors gun owners commit automatically make them ineligible for gun ownership. Mandatory yearly firearm inspections by police or military personnel. State concealed and open carry licenses as endorsements on your driver's license. Ammunition designed to maximize damage against unarmored targets banned. That sort of thing.
I agree with some of those. Not necessarily the maximum sentences nor the loss of ownership based on crimes committed. IF done on the basis of crimes, it should be those like violent crimes. I don't think barring people who say commit a DUI should stop them from owning guns. Inspections may also be hard to enforce and I also believe they wouldnt have an affect on gun violence which may be the largest niche of gun related deaths. I believe it will be hard to find middle ground on a lot of the things you mentioned but there are certain things everyone can agree on. Also I do think that those whove commited aggrevated crimes cannot purchase guns.
I'm not sure if it's state or federal, but I believe being convicted of a felony revokes your right to own a firearm. Which covers most, if not all, violent crime. Some of the ideas I'd like to see implemented are a bit impractical and long shots, like the inspections. But I do think owning a gun should come with additional responsibilities. DUI's specifically are part of the reason I'd like maximum sentencing and/or automatic felonies. Driving while intoxicated is irresponsible and puts the lives of every other driver on the road in jeopardy. If a person is not responsible enough to take a cab, have a designated driver, or call an uber, I personally don't believe they would be responsible enough for the burden that comes with gun ownership. What if those mandatory maximums and automatic felonies applied only to people licensed to carry? It does seem a little silly for some dude with his grandfather's Winchester tucked away in a closet to get 18 months for having a joint.
I was looking at a DUI as possibly being more of a substance abuse problem than a responsibility issue.
The conundrum is that without any shift in law, there will not be any change- and for many reasons, there are valid points against the current state of the 2nd amendment. You are right about toddlers possessing guns being a sign of negligence, but the actual topic is not about guns as a whole- or, at least, it shouldn't be. It seems that this specific talking point is just a stepping stone into the discussion (and I hope they drop it). Personally, I don't believe citizens should be able to carry high power automatics, rifles, or military grade guns. Anything that can easily kill 10+ people in a matter of seconds (with very little training) is too much power for a single individual. You don't need that kind of firepower to protect your homestead or family from intruders. You don't need that kind of firepower to hunt. With basic training and common sense, anyone can be proficient with light ranged weaponry. Honestly, I would be totally okay with exceptions to regulation if they were allowed by the state's game commission. However, if such a weapon were used on another person, there would be gravely harsher penalties- even in the case of defense. Under that scenario, the "defender" wouldn't be thrown in jail, but they would be hit with a drastic fine on using such a powerful weapon against a person and not for hunting use. Gun companies should be liable if, and only if, they violate any regulations. If you have a product that is illegal to sell or is restricted based on age, citizenship, or criminal history then you should be held accountable. The alcohol and tobacco industry has gotten by just fine with simple regulation. Criminals of violent crime should not have access to guns, in my opinion. The only exception I could allow is if said violence was done in self-defense, and only if it wasn't considered excessive. If you beat a man to death in your home for breaking into your house, and it was clear that you lost your cool- then you shouldn't be given a gun, because it is much easier to use and abuse. Authorities aren't going to break down your door unless you have a warrant for your arrest. If such regulation were to be put forth, I'm sure citizens would have to bring any restricted guns forward (hopefully with some kind of tax compensation) and verify their paperwork on any owned guns. Loopholes are bad for everyone, and it certainly doesn't help gun owners in the discussion of protecting the 2nd amendment. If you are pro-guns, then you should be all for proper procedure, safety, and sale of said guns. Back doors are only making it harder for you and easier for those against guns to make their case, since it is undoubtedly a negative issue.
>Personally, I don't believe citizens should be able to carry high power automatics, rifles, or military grade guns. Automatic weapons are already illegal without a special and very-difficult-to-obtain permit, and by far the majority of gun-related crime involves pistols, not rifles. According to the Bureau of Justice Statistics, rifles only account for 3% of total murders in the US, with handguns at 57%. If you want to limit mass-killing power you should focus on magazine capacity. High-caliber rifles are necessary for hunting, because large game would only be wounded by smaller rounds and suffer drawn-out and painful deaths. Caliber doesn't affect use against humans much past a certain point anyway, since humans are comparatively fragile. As for "military grade," that usually implies a weapon allows automatic or burst fire, which again, is already illegal. None of the other features of a military-grade weapon, like the manufacturing materials (plastic vs wood+metal) or attachments really make much of a difference. For example, the AR-15, which looks remarkably similar to the military standard-issue M16 and M4 rifles, is not any more dangerous than a wood+metal hunting rifle of the same caliber and magazine capacity. In fact, the AR-15 is actually even used for hunting, and again, rifles are only used in a minuscule fraction of murders. As a subset of all rifles, so-called "assault weapons" (a loosely-defined term that basically only means "a gun that looks like a military weapon") probably account for a fraction of that fraction. >If you beat a man to death in your home for breaking into your house, and it was clear that you lost your cool- then you shouldn't be given a gun, because it is much easier to use and abuse. I agree, but *only* if the person is convicted of voluntary manslaughter or murder, not if the death is ruled a justifiable homicide. I agree with you on company liability and loopholes.
The problem I have with rifles is that they should be used for combat or hunting, not home defense. Anything that can allow you to pick off a target at a sizable distance (say on top of a tower) or fire from with a high-powered magazine (into a crowd) or possesses an incredibly deadly kind of caliber (from sniper riles) is dangerous potential for civilians and not justifiable in practicality for the rights alone. I've stated already that I'd be fine if they were allowed under the state's game commission (which in itself runs the risk of being a loophole), but I would be happy if regulation was tighter as a whole. Of course handguns are a problem, and part of that is due to states letting civilians go nuts with obtaining them in the first place (making it harder for the rest of us to even have them). Depending on where you live, you don't need a license, you don't have to worry about magazine capacity, you don't have to register it or get a permit, **or even get a background check**. And that last one is absolutely insane. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gun_laws_in_the_United_States_by_state And one massive problem is that most handguns fit within the practical realm of home defense, but safe regulation is almost non-existant in some places and its getting to the point its almost impossible to control. And it's a shame, because other countries have gotten by just fine with regulation- and Canada's gun-related crime is **seven times lower** than the US: http://www.statcan.gc.ca/pub/85-002-x/2014001/article/11925-eng.htm That's incredible, and it should be something we should want. Not just as citizens, but as gun owners too. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gun_laws_in_Canada And this does not affect that majority of us that want to keep guns in a practical sense and who are upstanding citizens. It affects those who "I want it now, though. Gimme, gimme!" without going through the correct process and procedure or possessing with practical use in mind. Agree with you on the stipulation, obviously if the excessive force was involuntary (and no, I don't think losing your cool justifies as being an accident) then sure.
I'm not on any side of this question, so I'm not going to argue for Clinton's position (because I don't even know what it is exactly). However, I am going to express a worry I have about what you said on her position with the laws. I'm also not too politically savvy, so take what I say with a grain of salt. From my perspective, this is what I see going on in the debates. Both candidates claim a lot during them, and don't necessarily offer full blown arguments for them. They don't have the time for that per debate, as you can probably take the entire segment just arguing one topic. So, instead, it seems like they just stick to strategic paraphrased lines that attract voters attention. For example, kids tend to tug on that emotional string and attract voters, so perhaps Clinton used that as the headliner for her paraphrased answer. That *isn't* to say her arguments for common sense gun laws are based on kids getting injured, it's just a way to get her position stated about the subject matter and attract some voters along the way. This applies to most, if not all, of the topics that were under discussion. I see many people online that reduce the premises of candidates position on a particular subject to just their one headliner premise. Often this premise isn't the most compelling logically, but perhaps it is in a different strategic aspect over the course of the campaign. Suppose for example that maybe politician Smith is seen as not relatable, so when he is asked about a particular stance (say, gun laws), he talks about how he's worried for the safety of children because it's relatable, rather than using some statistic that's way more compelling logically. This is troublesome because campaigns aren't always won by being logical (See Trump's campaign).
I have looked on the political websites too but I believe it is an issue Hillary may be avoiding because of the consistency of gun owners voting. Sort of like not poking a sleeping bear. You're right that by using children she appealing to far more emotional side than say a rational one. People respond better to feels.
There are statistics that say that one is far more likely to shoot themselves or their family, accidentally or intentionally, than any intruder with a gun. To me, a few issues are important - first, that mental health play an important role in the assessment of viability for gun ownership, that guns that aren't useful for self-defense or hunting (i.e. assault rifles, submachine guns, etc) are outlawed, and that safety courses be mandated and updated yearly. I don't think any of that flies in the face of the Second Amendment, and I think these are common-sense changes that can help to save lives.
It's already basically illegal to own an automatic weapon already except in very rare cases, so that's not really a change. Your other arguments are good points.
I believe when you say assault rifles you mean fully automatic rifles correct? Bolt action rifles are great and all but definitely dont do very well against mutiple intruders. I'll be honest. I like the option of owning fully automatic weapons. I also grew up in northern Maine though and would much rather have a fully automatic weapon to protect myself against animals like bears or intruders. In some cases of home invasions, police response is far too slow and would rather be over prepared with a fully automatic weapon or shotgun than being committed to something semi-automatic. Especially when people on the other side of your gun may also have a fully automatic weapon.
Automatic fire isn't much good for anything other than saturation, which I don't think should be your goal in self-defense; you're much more likely to hit third parties if you're spraying bullets everywhere. I think a shotgun is probably the better option in terms of practicality and legality.
My take: The NRA has been saying for decades that the democrats are coming for your guns. For decades, they've been wrong. Maybe, just maybe, the NRA is full of shit.
> She mentions toddlers killing themselves but that seems to be more of an effect of negligence on a parents part than with common sense gun laws. They were talking about the supreme court case called *DC v. heller*. DC passed a law saying you have to keep your gun locked up properly. SCOTUS struck it down because apparently you have a 2A right not to be punished for leaving a loaded gun on a coffee table with 4 year olds around. Hillary thought that decision was bad. Donald thought that decision was good. You get to decide who to vote for on November 8th.
I very much dislike the fact that the next president will select a majority of supreme court appointees. I like my second amendment but I also don't have issues with abortion under certain circumstances. And I can see arguments made for not needing a safe. I'm fairly certain guns can have a lock and key mechanism to stop the trigger from being pulled. I believe it's just as effective. I also believe it is up to the parent to be responsible and can be done so without the creation of laws. I don't think either of the gun laws she mentioned covers this but obviously a supreme court decision will overturn something like this. IMO I want people to be held responsible but I can understand that people make mistakes and that in scenarios like this parents already have a hard time living with themselves after the fact. I don't believe the threat of jail or fines will end all accidental deaths. Also we don't talk a whole lot about suicides. As someone whos family member tried to kill themselves would a parent be responsible in this scenario as well? I know that those who do try and commit suicide often find other measures to try to end their own lives if one way does not work.
> I very much dislike the fact that the next president will select a majority of supreme court appointees. Next president probably appoints 2 or 3, which is pretty normal. Obama appointed 2 and would have appointed 3 if republicans didn't block Merrick for 11 months. There are 9 justices total, so that's not a majority. If you don't want the next president appointing the people obama should have, all you can do is call your senator and yell at him. > I'm fairly certain guns can have a lock and key mechanism to stop the trigger from being pulled. A trigger lock would have been fine under the law struck down in DC v. Heller. > I also believe it is up to the parent to be responsible and can be done so without the creation of laws. Of course most parents will be responsible without laws. But some parents will be irresponsible and if we want to punish them so they don't keep hurting people, we need to have a law on the books that they broke, because the constitution requires that. > I can understand that people make mistakes and that in scenarios like this parents already have a hard time living with themselves after the fact. So when I leave loaded guns around and my 4 year old murders your kid with it, I should just get to say "gee, I feel so bad about it already, no sense in punishing me!" and continue to leave loaded guns lying around my house with not even a fine? > As someone whos family member tried to kill themselves would a parent be responsible in this scenario as well? I think most people wouldn't want the law to step in to punish the parents in a situation like this. The right way to protect people from this is to pressure law makers to change the law to be more fair. The wrong way is to strike the whole law down as against the second amendment so that no one can even try to get a fair set of rules together.
I consider myself left-leaning but am pro-guns. The problem with "common-sense gun laws" is that it is a blanket term that doesn't really mean much. Instead, it feeds a lot on misinformation and fear so that it can be used to push whatever agenda the user wants. Regarding toddlers and guns, it's up to parents to make sure their firearms are secure. The person who owns the firearm is legally responsible for its use. Unfortunately it's something that isn't really enforceable until it's too late. It's up to gun-owners to be responsible with their firearms and make sure they secure their guns.
That's what I see is the issue with common sense gun laws as well. I think you can be both for common sense and the 2nd ammendment but people tend to usually be very vague when it comes to addressing issues such as suicide or unintentional deaths. I think a larger issue comes from those non-registered gun users, and I wish that this could be a topic of discussion. IMO it feels also like an elementary school punishment where when one student is bad or misbehaves the entire class is punished. Obviously this isnt a perfect analogy but you can get my point.
I do get your point, that's a great way to put it. I think part of the problem is that a lot of people just don't understand guns so there is a lot of mysticism around them. People from relatively safe areas or gun-free areas can't imagine why anyone would need/want to own a gun while people who grew up with them can't imagine how you can live without a gun. [This comic illustrates how a lot of pro-gun people feel](http://imgur.com/gallery/TO8BGgw). Obviously it doesn't take into account why those acts came into play (ex: National Firearms Act in response to Prohibition gangsters with machine guns), but you get why pro-gun people are very wary about any kind of gun control.
Big fan of the comic and think that's something that many people don't think about. Similar arguments could be made about cars. Obviously we dont have the same restrictions on vehicles as we do guns but you can see how someone could make parallel points between the two.
I'm pro guns as well, but would like the woefully undermanned ATF to put away the microfiche and hand written notes and join the rest of us in the 21st century. The Pro gun lobbyists have kept the ATF neutered to the point that it serves the benefit of criminals more than law abiding citizens.
I see that but I also see that a lot of gun control measures don't necessarily protect legal gun owners. Closing these loopholes isn't going to magically end ones ability to illegally obtain a gun or get one without a license. I think we should be going after criminal gun owners like you suggest and can do so without limiting the rights of everyday gun owners just trying to follow the laws.
Semi liberal gun owner here. Not anti gun, but I'll still have a conversation. Her comment about toddlers was specific to the Heller case, I think. I agree that most gun owners (myself and I assume you included) don't commit crimes. I also disagree with using the no-fly list as a litmus test for ownership. And I think that's why she was "non-committal" on specific measures, because we know that the vast majority of "common sense" measures don't solve the issues. It's a complex problem, and probably not suited for 2 minute answers. You could have filled the whole debate with gun control alone, and still not had the time.
I agree with everything you've said. The whole no-fly no buy thing especially grinds my gears. IF you've committed a crime that is one thing but I see it as a way to control the population and reject constitutional rights based on fear mongering rather than actual evidence. Who's to say that the government also won't abuse this power like we've seen other branches of government do in the past? IMO it feels more like a 1984 scenario than anything
Yeah, I'm fine with the No-Fly list being used *provided the ways to get on (and off) the list are vetted and legal.* But that has to happen first. Far too many ways to get slapped on that list by mistake, and far fewer ways to get off it.
In the UK, when you file for the license, you have to show you have an attached safe. In most countries, if your firearm is stolen or found (like in a crime) and it wasn't kept in a legally secured place, you face liability issues.
Do you have a source I am legitimately interested? Also I do feel that is somewhat of a slippery slope. If youre a single male for example and there is no incentive for you to store a gun in a safe. Say you keep it in your nightstand like im sure many people do, then youre not really being irresponsible about it. Obviously this differs if, like you say, you are required to store it in a safe. In that case the law is the law
If you google for UK firearm security, you'll quickly find the legislation / forms the UK requires owners to comply with. > Say you keep it in your nightstand like im sure many people do, then youre not really being irresponsible about it. You would be by the standard of most nations. Black-market firearms are usually stolen from legal owners. You have to keep it in a safe that is attached to the home, but you will want it in a room that isn't accessible from an intruder, so you can lock yourself if you are home during a home-invasion.
> Will authorities be able to enter your house and make sure youre properly storing your guns? you don't need to search every house for a law to have an effect. If the parents are legally liable if a kid shoots itself with a not safely stored gun, they have a strong incentive to prevent that situation in the first place. It's not like laws against theft are unnecessary simply because you can't catch every thief. Laws exist to deter.
I understand that but I'm saying that nothing she said will further reduce these deaths other than an awareness on the parents part. And I am attempting to play that devils advocate with that question. Parents are already liable in these scenarios. Theres not a law she could pass with congress that would make parents more liable.
Are parents liable now?
I believe so, but i think reasons this isnt pursued is because its seen as a tragic accident rather than gross negligence. I dont believe the US has storage laws but i think one could techincally hire a lawyer of they felt the party was responsible for the death..say the other spouse or guardian
well then making storage laws will drastically change the situation. That's what she could do, demand that your weapon is properly stored and unreachable for children or else face a criminal charge.
I agree but I think the issue people have with this is the overreaching arm of the government that will control various aspects of your life. As a gun owner, I currently dont have a safe. But then again I live by myself and in a separate state from my family. The minute I have a family I will buy a safe. However, I think many people have an issue with the government trying to control all aspects of your life. I can see how many people would be upset that they are required by law to store them in a safe. It also becomes a hard thing to enforce until it is too late. Just because one may have a safe doesn't mean that they will store it.
what about finger scanner gun safety mechanism, is that a thing yet? I'm not a gun nut sorry.
It's in work, but not at a level where it can be trusted. When you +need+ a gun, you don't exactly have time for windows 10 to update your gun.
Doesn't seem to be a problem for pacemakers.
lol, except multiple people may not be required to use the same pace maker. I'm not familiar with any updates on this tech but in multiple person homes would it work for each family member or would they each need their own gun? Seems to me like there are a lot of if scenarios from this
Something like this? http://www.theverge.com/2016/1/8/10738564/smart-gun-lock-obama-ces-2016
Like the source. I do wonder to what extent the gun is prone to error. Obviously its not something that is most likely to be advertised by the seller for obvious reasons. I only say this because if you ever used a hand scanner or finger scanner for some things, say doors, computers, access to other things. You do realize that they don't always work on the first try. However, I do like the concept
The o'dwyer vle has been in "late stages of development" for like a decade now. You wear a ring and the gun won't fire unless the rings like 6" or less from the gun. It also fires lethal and nonlethal rounds
on the gun? will never fly. a lot of people buy guns for self-defense. any situation where you have to use a gun in self-defense is going to require immediate action and you want a gun that you *know* will not fail you. guns are pretty simple, adding finger scanner tech to a gun introduces unnecessary risk as it's just a part that might break or malfunction.
And in the case of multiple member families can you imagine what would happen if your say 18 y.o. son needed to use the gun but couldnt because of a scanner?
Buy your son his own gun? win win? Or this looks like a good start. [The Identilock allows several fingerprints to be registered with the device with each fingerprint grouped to one of three profiles, which can be revoked or changed by one superuser. A physical key can also unlock the device and can be used in case the biometric sensor runs out of power. The battery life is more than half a year and fully charges in two hours via USB. Aside from the USB charging, the lock doesn’t require an app or computer which should curb some fears about hacking potential.](http://www.theverge.com/2016/1/8/10738564/smart-gun-lock-obama-ces-2016)
Lol, just got linked to this article in another post. I like it but I wonder the potential of proneness to error. It is a step in the right direction though
They won't be able to enter your house but if your toddler shoots themsleves with your gun and it wasn't properly stored then they can charge you with a crime. If no law exists specifying you have to keep your guns stored a certain way then there is no way you can be held responsible. This is meant to deter people from improperly storing their guns. That's the case in question which was being referred too. Closing loopholes is a different issue altogether and I support it because I think there should be sometype of check to make sure you aren't a criminal before you're sold a lethal weapon. I think its unreasonable to accept the fact that you can show up and buy a gun online or in a gun show without any way of checking out if you're a criminal or mentally ill.
You can't legally buy a gun online without it going through a dealer who then does a background check and transfers it to you. The only way to get a gun shipped to your doorstep is to get a Federal Firearms License yourself. The most common one is a Curio & Relic license, which allows you to receive guns that are 50 years or older (most often WW2 rifles or older). This requires registering with the ATF.
Ok, and gun shows?
I've never been to a gun show so I can't speak with experience, but I know dealers are present in order to conduct background checks and facilitate transfers.
If that's the case then that's ok by me. It would just need to be a comprehensive background check. Ideally, this would also include checking for mental illness in some way but that's a touchy area. Also, it would have to include some type of provision that delays the ability to take home the firearm for at least 3-5 days. Sure it's an inconvenience but if the latency causes even 1 person to change their minds in regards to using the gun to hurt or kill someone I believe it would be worth it.
That second part is one of the things often debated in California. We have a 10 day wait on all firearms, but a lot of gun-owners feel that it is excessive for purchases past the first firearms. The reason being, why would you buy *another* gun to shoot yourself or someone else? Here's the reason why it is a big hassle: Someone in the Bay Area is selling a collectible gun I want. I live in Los Angeles. I am passing through Bay and meet with him to buy the gun. The store in the Bay conducts the transfer but has to hold the gun for 10 days. See where this is a problem? I'd have to make two separate trips to pick up this gun. This dilemma is pretty common and a big nuisance.
Past the first I see the point. I also understand why it would be a big hassle. But if it is your first purchase in the second scenario you described, I find it unlikely that your first purchase will be a collectible gun. Sure there will be a few cases where that is exactly what is going on. But those people will just be out of luck. It might cause a few of them to be inconvenienced by paying for shipping and handling fees, but that seems like a reasonable sacrifice to keep others safe.
The thing is that, in California, a lot of guns can't be shipped and must be transferred face to face. There is a handgun roster that limits which guns can be bought new or shipped, so if I wanted a Glock Gen 4 I would have to go through the scenario I described above. Even if I could have a gun shipped, the fees and shipping can often add up to $200 ($50 shipping, $75-100 transfer fees, 8.5% tax). This is all when the gun itself is anywhere from $500-1000 already
Clear winner: Putin. He outsmarted everyone.
I wish I could say that Clinton won resoundingly but Trump has been his loudest, most aggressive, interrupting self yet. I really couldn’t understand some parts of the debate because it was so chaotic, it just leaves me feeling nauseous.
[removed]
I actually didn't notice her interruptions much, [this chart from 538](https://espnfivethirtyeight.files.wordpress.com/2016/10/strimling-all3-interruptions.png?w=1150) shows the comparison. What stood out to me the most is how much the moderator had to interrupt them.
Yea pretty much Hillary won...
Don't be so sure
Mrs Clinton if ya nasty.
I saw so many Trump supports sharing BS articles about the "man getting notes from Hillary's podium" after a previous debate. Did people notice the guy grabbing a folder from Trump's podium after this one? CONSPIRACY!
Can I just vote for Chris Wallace? He did amazing up there.
until the second half, then he let trump do whatever he wanted
I'm only a year off from being able to vote. It's sad I can only watch.
At least you won't have to bear the burden of the vote. Not proud about who I have to cast my vote for.
My first voting election was 2002. I felt the same way during 2000. It's no fun to have to just sit and watch.
You'll have the chance to reelect her :)
Was that Ted Danson talking to Hillary at the end?
Hillary won, and Trump really needed not just a win, but a BIG win.
I thought Trump did well, TBH. If this was the first debate, this would have been a different race.
Hillary didn't win, she absolutely destroyed him. That was a brutal beatdown.
he need it bigly, you could say
The body language and word choice were especially strong in this debate; Trump looked dejected throughout the debate and seemed to be focused on "warning" people about the inevitable Clinton win rather than trying to win himself.
your nasty woman. what a dick
Such a nasty debate.
"she's such a nasty woman"
Chris Wallace was definitely the man of the night
LMAO Van Jones "You can't polish this turd"
Well, Trump just committed political suicide on live TV. Again.
He's a cat of nine lives. It's a continual cycle of suicide and gasping resuscitation.
"There's no polishing this turd" Actually the Mythbusters busted that myth
this one is way too nutty and corny to polish.
Wallace did a great job. Really tough questions to both candidates and he handled them well. I think Clinton won this comfortably. She showed her knowledge, her maturity, her presidential nature, had a few zingers, and dodged questions the least. She had one major pivot off of accepting donations from bad governments, but she didn't take conspiracy bait and almost always stayed on topic. Sometimes she even took the time to set up really thoughtful, powerful, policy heavy answers whereas Trump almost always avoided, insulted, pivoted, or lied through every question. I was very impressed with Clinton tonight throughout the debate.
Debates in general rarely ever swing an election. In the few instances that it has, it was because of reasons that had very little to do with policy. Nixon physically looked terrible at his debate against JFK, he was sweaty and looked tired (i believe he was ill at the time), and Bush cut Gores lead beginning at the first debate, and trump flopped in the first debate. Overall, Hillary has sealed a victory unless every state implements a butterfly ballot and everyone needs 3-6 forms of ID to vote in every state. I would however like to point out that Hillary's ideas for Syria are an extension of her ideas for Libya and her vote to invade Iraq in 2003. No, it isn't a call for a direct invasion, but it pretty much is a plan that will destroy Syria in the long run and open Syria up for both Shia and Sunni terrorist activities which will continue our terrible decision to intervene in the region. It saddens me that this issue is not talked about during this election cycle, it gets very little coverage, mostly because anything Hillary says sounds good compared to Donald Trumps incoherent rambling and poor sentence structure. But both parties seem to have policies that, when you hear the defense of them, could be categorized as "Middle East Jazz" where it's the words you don't hear that matter
Lovin' the Jesus signs behind CNN.
How much money do you get paid to defend Trump on CNN all day?
Knowing I can disappear after the election, I'd take that talking head money all day.
It depends. If Trump is supposed to be paying you then you won't be getting anything.
A lot. A whoooole lot.
not enough.
Justy FYI, according to the captions Trump said "big league" not "bigly".
Captioms tend to force nonsense into the template of real word.
I think that's true. Although nothing wrong with bigly. He did, later in the debate, say, "huge swatches of land"
Oh yes, that brings his 4d chess game completely into focus.
That's what one of the questions should have been. "Mr Trump, are you saying 'bigly' or 'big league'."
Because they type what they hear and couldn't believe they heard a made up word so they switched it to words that exist. Once it did sound like big league but then he repeated it a few times and big league would have made no sense, as if bigly did.
We also got the completion on the modern Indiana Jones equivalent of "you have chosen poorly" and "you have chosen wisely" with Trump saying "Wrong" and "Correct" That is the new meme going forward. With pouted lips because it doesn't work otherwise - "Wrrrronng" "Corr-ect"
"What a nasty woman"
What are channels other than CNN saying?
Fox said Trump totally won this debate without a doubt. Bloomberg just surprised at the same thing most channels are saying....the accusation, the non-commitment to accept the result, etc...
Check.
I don't have cable. I'm watching on CNN Go on FireTv...don't have fox news or msnbc live
[me](https://imgflip.com/s/meme/Awkward-Moment-Sealion.jpg)
ABC was talking about how people were upset about the Hombres comment
Oh, CNN just getting to that now lol
PBS's *conservative* panelist basically said tonight's performance won't be enough to change his trend in the polls. They came away with the same overall point that "I will keep you in suspense" was a huge folly and he's going to spend the next week trying to spin out of that one.
Chuck Todd said what happened tonight didn't matter because Trump will lose post-debate coverage with the rigging comments. There was some mention of nasty woman as well. I tend to agree, I think we saw as good as a Trump performance can be and he fucked it up with those small(er) mistakes. I am grading on a curve.
> I tend to agree, I think we saw as good as a Trump performance can be and he fucked it up with those small(er) mistakes. I think this makes the most sense!
Fox News was talking about the Clinton Foundation.
MSNBC is pretty even, giving Hugh Hewitt plenty of time to offset the pro Clinton spin by the rest
"Holy shit, Trump not accepting the election results is disqualifying."
[deleted]
Why not quote the cnn anchor you just quoted?
Now it's time to get out and roast Trump on election day!
Jeffrey Lord wearing his white people privilege badge proud.
Al Gore should have fought on tbh
I wish he could have. But he was, without question, the bigger guy and had to step away for the good of what cohesion was left in the country. Bush sure wasn't going to.
[deleted]
Do you have a picture?
For SCIENCE!
And for CONSPIRACY! Since that's popular now a days.
> Kayleigh McEnany shes only 28?
If you took the bet that trump would call clinton a bitch tonight, how salty are you on a scale of 1-10?
Eh, about a 4. I kinda figured he never would.
He was about to though,then backed out last minute.Maybe 5
Does "nasty woman" count?
That's what I'm sayin! He came so close but didn't cross the finish line.
Its a pretty telling sign that you've lost an argument when you resort to name calling. The man is a child.
Liberals always love name calling when losing arguments.
Another sign is the "Nuh uh, you did it" tactic. Which, incidentally, was another trump tactic tonight.
I'm not sure what the post-debate teams think they're gaining by these live outdoor shows, because the yelling people with signs are annoying.
It really is just a couple idiots. I cannot tell what they are saying but I can tell that it is a couple of the same voices over and over.
Does anybody have a source on the so-called "proof" that Hillary organized the riots?
Idk why nobody is just linking the vid so here you go: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IuJGHuIkzY
That proof is just heavily editted tape showing some Clinton people discussing whether they should consider making it easier for protestors to get to Trump events.
Do you have the source video? My mom thinks that Hillary is a murderer or something because "Trump has *proof* she's behind everything" so idk.
This web page has a link to the video http://chicagoist.com/2016/10/20/at_wednesdays_third_and_final.php
Thanks lots, that really helps clear it up.
Guys!!!! Trump is ahead in all those internet polls that people post on websites. It's like 98% say Trump won compared to -5% Hillary!!! This is YUGGGGEEEE!
Yes, because we know those can't be manipulated.
For the love of God, can we just bring Bernie back?
No thanks, as he is significantly less fit to be POTUS than Clinton.
Oh god, NO!!!!!!
Why tho
Because Hillary is trash.
I didn't think so many Sanders people were still butthurt. Grow up.
You asked a question. I'm sorry you find people who are critical of your queen so hurtful.
TIL "trash" is criticism.
Long live the queen!
Vote for Hillary and down ballot Dems and you might get Bernie in charge of the Budget Committee. That's a pretty good deal. It'll keep Hillary honest. https://twitter.com/BernieSanders/status/788806610177196036
Bernie should have hit hard on the emails. I know he wanted to take the "high road", but fuck, if he had hit Clinton on her emails back during the primaries, it would be paying fucking dividends right now for his campaign. What a shame. Poor guy now has to suck at her teat in order to get DNC money for his political career, when he should be cursing her name just as loudly as Trump's.
[paul ryan thinks so](https://www.thenation.com/article/paul-ryan-inadvertently-makes-the-best-case-for-a-democratic-senate-budget-chair-bernie-sanders/)
Trump is gonna bring the GDP from 1 to 4. Hilary is gonna maybe bring it to 0. He might get to 6 or 8. If he meant GDP "growth", I assume he's planning on some kind plague first because that's the only way our economy could ever grow at that rate again.
Well, step one is to get into a nuclear war with Russia. Step two is to push GDP growth to 8%. Something about omelettes and eggs.
I don't want to vote for either candidate, but Trump would eclipse Muslims' freedom of religion. I don't want my freedom of religion eclipsed like that, so I have no choice but to ensure that he does not become president. That's why I'm voting for Clinton.
I'm voting for her on education costs and the environment. Oh and because first female president.
I would have preferred Elizabeth Warren for first female president.
Looked to me like Trump choked again tonight.
I actually think this was his best debate. That's not to say he won or anything. For me he still lost, but I'm a fairly progressive person so I'm always going to think that.
Trump... just... what? What? You won't accept losing, really? He's terrifying. But also Hillary's dodging of email deletion makes me itchy :( Chris Wallace is an amazing moderator.
What kind of answer do you want out of her besides an apology and an acceptance of wrong doing?
She already confronted it in the first two debates and said she should have handled it differently. I'm not sure what anyone gains from her saying that a third time
Honestly... it probably would be better to say that again than to deflect it so obviously. I know there's not much to say besides "yeah, my bad" but the instant deflection just leaves a bad taste.
Wallace was actually really great as the moderator
this was an absolute farce.
I like that word, farce. Farce.
Be sure to vote in the most important post debate poll, Breitbart.
Wait, why Breitbart?
"Oh my God, I am in tears. She is a monster." --The abortion only voters in my Facebook feed in response to Clinton's answer on abortion. Please just let this election end.
To be fair, she is going to be ripping children straight out of the womb with her bare hands mere *minutes* before they were going to be born.
And those people are uneducated enough to believe that.
Conservatives only: What did you think of the abortion answer?
In some of the post debate commentary on PBS, they said that 67% of gun deaths are from suicide. I don't know how that mitigates the impact of that statistic. Many of those people have mental illness, and firearms make it so much more likely to be successful. If background checks were put in place that stop people with mental illness from getting guns, it would reduce the number of successful suicides. There is no reason why that should be less important than gun deaths on the streets.
But how would that work? I think t would be great to cut the number of deaths and suicide. But if someone is suicidal without a history of mental illness, there would be nothing indicating their suicidal intentions with the gun.
Well it certainly wouldn't be a catch-all. If it were me it'd be a part of a larger program to combat mental illness, suicide, and drug abuse (all of which are deeply intertwined), which would involve offering free mental health tests to the public, especially offering them in schools, making psychologist appointments paid for by the government, making drug and alcohol abuse recovery programs free, and raising awareness about mental illness and drug abuse to reduce stigma. The most controversial policies would be some of the most effective: requiring drug tests and proof of mental wellness when purchasing a gun, and prohibiting people who were hospitalized for drug or alcohol abuse in the past 6 months from purchasing a gun. Of those who were hospitalized, I would require that they provide proof (probably from a doctor or recovery program) that they were clean. For the certificate of mental wellness I would require that it be renewed every few years. I would also require drug testing for those with a history of abuse every year. Overall, these steps decrease the number of mental illnesses that go undiagnosed, prevent people who are currently mentally unstable from getting the guns, prevent people with drug problems from getting guns (people on drugs are much more likely to attempt suicide), and decrease the rate of successful suicides attempts. Stopping an attempt from being successful is extremely important, because 90% of people who survive suicide attempts don't die from suicide. This'll almost never get done, because it would be shot down by the gun lobby, and because people never like talking about mental health, but if it were introduced and given attention, I think it would have a chance, if not nationally, then in more liberal states and localities, and maybe even some centrist areas.
Then repeal the second amendment. "The right of the people....shall not be infringed." So how do you prevent people from buying a firearm when they've committed no crime? We don't deny any other constitutional right based on health issues. We don't make you quarter soldiers in your home because you have knew pain. We don't deny you due process because you wear glasses. We don't subject you to cruel and unusual punishment because you're deaf. A medical condition should not allow the government to deny your constitutional rights. It shouldn't be anyone's business but yours and your doctor's.
Because people with serious mental illness, especially when it's untreated, are a serious danger to themselves and those around them. If I were making the policy, I would prevent people with a serious mental illness from getting guns, unless there is proof that they are undergoing treatment, and that it has been effective, and that they had a note from their psychologist saying they are mentally healthy enough to own a firearm and for it not to be a risk to anyone's safety. As for your examples, you purposefully create nonsense scenarios instead of addressing the actual effects of the policy. Are you going to argue that I can yell fire in a crowded theater? That I can engage in openly seditious behaviour? Because those are actually relevant cases in which constitutional rights were reasonably curtailed to protect the public. The court has reaffirmed this time and time again, That is exactlt what this kind of gun law reform would do.
Yes. I would argue that freedom of speech has no legal constitutional limits. That with freedom you accept risk. And I wouldn't give up that freedom to reduce that risk.
Well then there's literally no argument I could make to persuade you, and that's not a bad thing. We just hold fundamentally incompatible views on the interpretation of the constitution.
Honestly background check for mental illness would prevent I guess spur of the moment suicide ( making it take longer to give the person a chance to reconsider ) and it might possibly help with mentally ill suicidal mass shooter. But I agree that it's ultimately a tenuous link at best.
I wish Hillary had brought that up...background checks and closing the gun-show loophole aren't just about stopping gun violence on the streets, it's about stopping accidental shootings and suicides. She did address this a little when talking about little kids getting into their parents' guns, but she could have done more.
I don't want to bother Jesus to talk right now, I'm sure he's in bed. He's got a busy morning.
It sounded to me that Trump said we have "bad 'hambres'". Now, I only took Spanish in high school, but doesn't "hambre" mean "hunger"? So we have "bad hungry people"? In that case, I agree with him, because when I get hungry, things get bad.
Maybe he was trying to say Harambe?
Which is why we must all vote for Clinton and Taco Trucks on every corner.
Bad Harambes
Or maybe he meant that the US is starving because of the immigrants!!!!ONE!!!111 Seriously, tho, didn't expect him to have a good Spanish accent so that was good enough, I guess.
I'm just going to go with Twitter, and see it as "Bad Ombre's". We definitely have some terrible ombre hair colors out there!
Yes. He is, shockingly, an idiot.
He was hungry. Her suit made her look like a macaroon and macaroons are his weakness.
The obesity epidemic is a major modern issue.
I think he was trying to say "hombres" which means "men".
He said "Hombre", which means man.
Maybe he was shilling for Snickers.
Please don't drag another candy into this fray.
I didn't know they used the dead people and hacked voting machines to poll likely voters: http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/?ex_cid=rrpromo
LOLOLOLOL at that Focus Group of "undecided voters"
There pretty much no such thing
Undecided voters in this election are turning out to be a group of self-serving assholes. Like they don't care about anyone but them selves
Stfu, no wall is being built!! Deport the deplorables please, Hillary!
Angela Rye is sexy
Man, that was so sad to watch. She ran circles around him, and at times, I was asking myself, is this a child debating Hillary or a 70 year old man. Chris Wallace surprised me, he was a really good moderator compared to the other one's this election, though I think Lester Holt is my number one pick.
Trump started off well, not that I necessarily agreed with the positions he was articulating, but he was at the very least articulating positions. But he returned to his usual self as things went on, and I don't see him getting any sort of bump from this performance. I didn't like Hillary's answers all that much better. She had a much better and more positive message, but I felt a lot of things were shallow or misleading. When the discussion came to guns she trotted out toddlers to win emotional points. She suggested that common sense gun laws included how they're stored in the home. I don't see how this is logically enforceable without random checks by law enforcement. On top of which would require a registry. She also trotted out the 30,000 deaths number without mentioning 20,000 of those are from suicide. On Syria, she refused to answer whether she would shoot down a Russian plane in violation of a no-fly zone. That was a big question I had last time it was brought up, and she avoided it. I got some good discussion from people on here about it, but I'd like to hear what she actually has planned in that scenario. I really disliked her answer on the Supreme Court. I hate when people politicize the courts and her answer was purely political. She turned it into an issue about the people vs. corporations, which is silly. The courts aren't there to side with the people or the corporations, they're there to uphold the constitution. They have no obligation to anyone, their only obligation is the law. Note: only reason I'm not talking about Trump's specifics is because I just don't think he's worth discussing at this point.
Her worst moment was saying that she wont turn away women and children. She is ignoring the fact that a large number of terrorists are women and children, and support for terrorist groups among women and children in the middle east is just as high as among the men. It's her only real losing issue against Trump. Wikileaks have revealed they are well aware that you cant vet refugees and Syrians are mostly very evil people.
I actually agree 90% with what you just said. When the Republicans nominated Trump they basically deprived us of a real contest of ideas and turned this into a shitshow where americans have to rally to block a steaming pile of shit from becoming president. I fucking hope to god we can get back to some semblance of a sane policy discussion after this bullshit.
> I don't see how this is logically enforceable without random checks by law enforcement. They will be enforced the same way most of our other laws are: mostly ignored, but when things go wrong, anyone who is not following the law will be punished for also not following that law. > The courts aren't there to side with the people or the corporations, they're there to uphold the constitution. Agreed, but that's what they are doing [siding with corporations, that is](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corporate_personhood)
Just because a ruling benefits a certain party doesn't mean the judges are making that ruling specifically to benefit that party. Sometimes the law just happens to be on the side of corporations. But the answer isn't to change who makes the ruling, the answer is to change the laws. That's what the legislature is there for. I don't know how partisan that ruling was, or if it was actually argued in good faith to be in line with the constitution. But even if we assume that the current courts are corrupted in one direction, the answer isn't to corrupt them equally in the other direction.
Can I ask why mentioning 20,000 of those are from suicide changes anything?
Because I would argue mental health is a far greater issue regarding those 20,000 deaths than gun control. What gun control policies put forth by Clinton would prevent suicides by gun? Most of these are committed with legally owned firearms.
Well I don't know because i have looked into so i may be wrong but could a percentage of those suicides be stopped by the guns been locked away? Prob not a big percentage but some?
I haven't looked into this either, so definitely could be wrong, but I would suspect that the majority of gun suicides are carried out by the gun owners themselves, so locking them away probably wouldn't make a huge dent in that number. But assuming it did, its not something that can be enforced until after the fact. The assumption would have to be that gun owners responsibly stored their guns away out of fear of prosecution in the event that something went wrong. But in this case the "something wrong" (the suicide of a family member or friend) is already going to be worse than the implemented punishment. So I just don't see how that type of law would make a significant impact on the issue.
I agree with you and it always comes down to this when trying to using laws to change human behavior. Now I know this might already be in place but in the UK if you are taking medication for depression you can not get an HGV license. I think they call them big rigs or 18 wheelers in the states. Could something like this help where if someone is prescribed certain medications that it disqualifies them from buying/owning guns and it would flag up during a background check?
There are already some mental health restrictions when it comes to guns, but usually they require an actual legal ruling that a person is mentally incapable of responsibly owning a gun. I'm not sure if there are certain prescriptions that would trigger this or not, but I don't think its currently the case. As for the comparison to the truck driving, I think its a little bit different of an issue. For one, driving a truck requires driving on public roads, which means it directly impacts other drivers and pedestrians. Gun ownership is a more private matter and, especially in consideration to suicides, doesn't necessarily impact other people. Obviously this isn't always the case, and a lot of the times when it isn't mental health is a factor. But more importantly I worry that laws like that will make people apprehensive about seeking mental health aid, which would be terrible. I think current gun ownership among Americans is around 30%, probably a little higher considering that number was from self reporting. That's a lot of people who would be thinking twice before seeking mental healthcare.
I agree with all your points and wasn't trying to compare gun ownership to truck driving like you said. Stopping people seeking help with mental health is also a real problem too but I don't think they can be a solution that will both do the job of reducing gun deaths and also not negatively affect others. With mental health issues being such a difficult thing to treat we are left with trying to get guns out of the hands of these peoples or accepting that some people are going to kill themselves with guns and they is not much we can do to stop them.
About Gun laws..I don't know what you heard but what I interpreted was she wanted stronger regulations and background checks for people that shouldn't own a gun, which are currently allowed under current laws.. How do you see anything wrong with that.. Edit: On syria.. the question >whether she would shoot down a Russian plane in violation of a no-fly zone I don't understand how it can be answered as a yes or no..it would involve a lot things to be taken into consideration.. On supreme court - I agree they didn't make sense
Wallace should have insisted on the plane question.
The impression I got on the no-fly zone was that she was stating an intention to negotiate for a no-fly zone with Russia. The implication being that Russia would abide by it because they had agreed to do so. Of course, that still leaves open the question of what Clinton would do if Russian aircraft violated the no-fly zone anyway, but that's a very different issue than if the US simply unilaterally declared a no-fly zone over Syria and subsequently shot down a Russian plane.
When she originally brought it up in the debates that was how she framed it, as a joint no-fly zone *with* the Russians. That makes sense. But during the general she's been using it as a position of her being tough on the Russians, and has pulled back from the joint aspect of it. Now it comes across like she plans to use it as a bargaining chip, which doesn't make sense to me. How can it be used as a bargaining chip if the other side is willing to call your bluff?
Seriously guys, when does the joke stop and we release the two actual candidates?
4 years.
I don't have enough canned foods for that long.
Finding a conservative in here is like finding a needle in a haystack.
You think that's hard? Try finding a conservative who remembers when Bush's war in Iraq was a good idea.
I think alot of conservatives are in team hillary already. The rest are trying to delude themselves that Trump won over at /r/thedonald.
No true conservative is on team Hilary. They are either putting their heads down and voting for trump then crying for a week, or they are sitting out this election.
True conservatives? Which ones? The family values conservatives, who'd support a thrice divorced cheater? The religious conservatives, who'd support a man who said he has never asked for forgiveness because 'he doesn't do things that are wrong'? The fiscal conservatives, who'd support a man who promises to quadruple the deficit with ridiculous tax cuts? The global conservatives, who'd support a man that is an isolationist? Trump doesn't align with conservatives. He is the alt-right candidate, and provides very little that a true conservative can support.
I never said he aligned with conservatives because he doesn't. He is awful. However we know what awful things we get with Hilary but even if there is a 5% chance Trump has an ounce of conservatism in his body and appoints a conservative Supreme Court justice that is enough for me. I don't like it, it sucks nuts but it's what we have this time.
So... you're voting for Trump because you don't like abortion, LGBT rights, and worker's rights. Gotcha. If that's your issue, I totally get why Trump is your candidate. I would disagree with that being a good thing, but at least it's a self-consistent view point.
I don't like abortion. As far as LGBT rights go I think any business can deny access to anyone for any reason even though I personally think the reason may be wrong.
So you also don't believe in the Civil Rights Act. Let me guess, you're white, Christian (or silently atheist), and male. You are not worried about people deciding not to serve you. And you don't care about them refusing to serve others.
I'm white Catholic male yes. That's not why I think that way. It's because I think the government should have limited power and by having the government start mandating that it will become a slippery slope that will increase the governments power into businesses. I'm fiscally conservative and socially libertarian.
Yes, it IS why you think that way. I don't mean that you are consciously being mean. I mean that you cannot comprehend the life that existed before the Civil Rights Act, and before equality for women. You don't see the real risk of you being denied jobs & service & care because you are the powerful majority. Imagine you were in Saudi Arabia, or Namibia. OK that people can refuse to provide you essential services because they don't like your religion or color? Socially libertarian people never imagine themselves being fired, unable to find housing, unable to buy food, unable to travel on public transportation... because someone decided they weren't serving their kind.
Hillary is a moderate liberal so a rational right of center voter shouldn't have too much problem with voting for her.
Nah, there are plenty of conservatives voting for Hillary. They are the moderate conservatives, who are a bit looser with their issues than others, and those who realize that if Trump wins they are still not being represented by the GOP candidate. Also the intelligent conservatives who realize that if they allow the farce that is Trump to continue then they will do irreparable harm to their party.
Textbook, no true Scotsman.
When I was a child, Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher were my heroes. Not any factionary character but Ronnie and Maggie because the little me knew they were the good guys. I have been a conservative for my whole life and I will always be a conservative. Today I'm with her. A true conservative is principled. For that a true conservative will compromise based on one fundamental principle of doing that's the best for the country and world. And today Hillary Clinton is the best choice for the country and world. So why don't you just pick up your ignorance and go back doing whatever you should be doing because even in this day, there still are some true conservatives left.
My simple comment seems to have left you quite salty and I'm sorry for that. We know what terrible things we get with Hilary but even if there is a 5% chance that we get any conservative actions from Trump and a conservative Supreme Court justice that is enough for me. I can not tell you enough how digested I am with Trump and how I think he is a POS but Gary Johnson is an idiot, Jill Stein is an idiot, and Hilary is a leftist criminal.
> No true conservative Gotta love a good Scotsman.
I guarantee you that was way over his head.
Never thought I'd be on the same side as Meg Whitman. Strange times....
They're all in an identity crisis. The only ones I see on TV supporting him still, is that crazy white haired man on CNN and a bunch of white blondes that seem to have some sort of mental issues or something. One on FOX was just talking about camera filters on Hillary to make her look better and then was fact checked and told they were actually FOX cameras and then backtracked lol.
CNN after the debate
thank god for the one sane white-haired man on CNN ^(and no, it's not wolf blitzer)
Source? Sounds interesting.
subbed
Kind of like how there isn't one in the election!
You are definitely right.
That last statement from trump was hella something.
Welp
Well Holy shit that was something else.
Please vote
Wow.
That didn't look like a debate.
I was reminded of http://teamcoco.com/video/jon-dore-rory-scovel-same-time
Ted Danson is there!
Trump TV was launched during the debate. Coincidence?
They don't think it be like it is.
Into the sun?
Yes
Sarah Palin' husband joined a boy band?
"I'm going to have a very, very nice long vacation."
Ted Danson!
He really could not answer the simple question of if he will accept the results of the election. He really danced around that simple simple question. Just wow.
After following this charade for the past 18 months, I have to stay i'm really torn on my choice November 8: apathy or agitated despair.
After watching this debate, I'm solid on Hillary, now. I was admittedly leaning but not 100% for a while and entirely nowhere near interested in Trump, but after this, even with her OBVIOUS flaws, i can see she's the only truly presidential candidate on the ballot this year. Not the greatest compliment, considering her cohorts, but there ya go. She's a solid choice while the rest aren't even on the field, really.
Kellyanne on CNN.
right? she was defeated.
I love how in-touch Jake Tapper is with his feminine side.
I almost feel bad for Kellyanne Conway for having to explain Trump right now... or maybe I don't, I'm not sure.
She's getting paid. Don't feel bad for her.
Kellyanne doesn't know the meaning of the word "win".
Is she on CNN? Stick with PBS.
Streaming.
Kellyanne looks like she's enjoying Vegas
Ok, what post debate should I watch? If online, what site? NBC?
The Ringer's Facebook Live stream is my favorite.
Keeping It 1600, right?
That's the one! They admittedly lean hard left (and they're the first to admit it), but I love listening to them.
Did Trump actually mention ACORN?
If he did I missed it. He started to reference O'Keefe tapes though.
Rachel Maddow said something about it. Maybe it was a general reference to Donad's "rigged" election meme.
Kellyanne is on a b-line to Fat Tuesdays.
Lewandowski is using Gore as a reason to not concede.
It's happening on CNN too
Time out. He said "cholo"?! I missed that! When?! Edit: ABC reporting Latinos in their focus group were *in tears!* 
I distinctly remember him saying "hombres", I might have blacked out for a minute after that and missed the cholo bit.
I heard him say 'bad hombres' but didn't cholo.
I can't believe I have to ask this: good tears or bad tears?
They were "very distraught."
Whaaaaat?
Trump and co.: I won all the online polls.
oh Jeffery Lord
Democrats not going to need that oppo drop tomorrow.
Jeffrey Lord over here comparing Trump not accepting the results (and telling people to watch polling stations b/c of it) to fucking Gore and Florida. JFC.
Jeffy Lord is an idiot
Flaaaaahhhhrida
Frank Luntz just posted his results. 14 Trump win 12 Clinton win 4 Draw. Though keep in mind, his focus group said that Trump's ending statement was great... Also, he had a 21 to 9 Trump victory on the second. So some house effects there.
Trump's ending statement, which was basically, "I am the best choice for President because Crooked Hillary."
I'll wait for online snap polls, thank you very much.
His is an outlier, but I don't want to disregard it.
i want to firebomb this asshole with white hair on CNN. 2000 in no way compares to this.
People are talking about all the major debate points, but one major issue was swept up in the conversation. Trump literally, directly pronounced Hillary guilty. I was okay with appointing a prosecutor and investigating her, but now DJ Trump has unilaterally decided she is guilty.
This was the single scariest thing he said tonight, and I'm really angry that no one is bringing it up. Not only is what he said (Hillary voting = fraud because of the supposed crime) blatantly unconstitutional, this is coming from the same guy who is proposing deportation forces, claims to be the "law and order" candidate, is friendly with Russia, etc. How do we know that he won't deport people because they opposed him? After all, Mark Cuban looks pretty Mexican, right? Hell, it's in his last name or something! He supports the 2nd Amendment, but not the 5th. Don't forget his supporters' hashtag of #Repealthe19th Good job Republicans, you managed to hitch your cart to literally the least American, least-freedom loving politician ever.
Yeah and the funny thing is Trump has probably read more of the post-investigation leaked emails than you have
Good for him, lets appoint a prosecutor and then the justice system can decide. DJT doesn't realize the president can't find someone guilty.
>Good for him, lets appoint a prosecutor and then the justice system can decide. DJT doesn't realize the president can't find someone guilty. So you're saying Donald Trump is going to become president? Anyways.. I have good news for you my friend. The president cannot find someone guilty in a court of law! Do you really think they would be able to get away with that? Maybe, actually, considering all the things Hillary Clinton has gotten away with during her political career, especially when she was answering to the president. There's no winning here buddy
I don't think we're having the same conversation here.
Say whatever you want to ignore everything I just said, just chalk it up to miscommunication hehe
This is hilariously sad.
Jeffrey Lord is total fucking jackass.
Jones throwing shade.
Who won this one?
Trump
It doesnt matter. Debates dont shift the needle in any meaningful way at least in this cycle
Agreeing with the talking heads, both did better than they had in any of the debates, but Hilary was much more presidential and really had her wits about her. She wins.
clinton..hands down.
Clinton, by her largest margin. She was strong tonight
i think it was HRC's best of the 3, imo.
I wish she had a better answer about the wikileaks stuff. That was her one weak point, but it was a pretty big one.
that was the only misstep, but she recovered like a boss
Same. She went for the jugular.
He was very careful not to slander any of the women he groped. Guilty.
I slept through the debate! How did it go?
Donald had the most lucid aneurysm* ever. *Aneurysms are serious!
Haha what happened?
Hildawg smashed him. He looked like a mad man.
One interesting thing is that Hillary continued to make small pitches to black voters. A difference in the three Trump tied/leading polls and the rest of the Hillary 8+ polls is the composition of the electorate being similar to 2012 or pre-Obama in black turnout. I think her internals show her lagging a bit on this item and she realizes that if she gets her black turnout, its over, if not Trump could win.
From early voting she might know she is going to win. Otherwise why would every democrat be talking about taking back the house? Also I have heard from multiple sources that Trump is down FURTHER in internal polls...
Of course every democrat is going to talk about taking back the house. They need to excite their base to do so, and talking about this chance may push voters to the polls. It also may turnout people who aren't excited with Hillary. At the end of the day, this election could be very straightforward demographically--if so, there isn't a chance Trump wins at this point. I had buds in both Romney and Obama's war rooms. They both felt that their candidate was winning and that they had a better idea on the demo makeup. At the end of the day, Obama's team was right about the demographic turnout and won the election. This election could have some pretty unique demographic situations that could really change the results. Hillary could be winning more white country club republicans/women and be ahead by 10-15. Trump could be pulling 15% blacks due to his celebrity and pro-working class economic policies (as some polls are showing) this would pull the election even. Hispanic turnout could increase this election to 70+% if this happens, Hillary once again dominates. White liberals cold stay home. Trump's people think they are getting a lot more missing white voters to cme that are not being revealed in the likely voter skews. Anyway, my point is that it usually comes down to demographics and who knows.
Romney's gotv app failed the day of the election, he could have won. From early voting though Clinton's winning in North Carolina, if she wins there, he's done. Your right Trump could win but he doesn't have a gotv machine so his voters aren't registered. This is a big problem cause many of the heavy GOP states have closed their deadlines now and Trump's voters aren't registered. Their are probably going to be millions going to vote and they can't cause of the GOP.
I agree. I think that Trump has serious GOTV problems where the old GOP "don't vote" strategy is actually working against him. This is why he is constantly retweeting GOTV posts online. The republicans are not well equipped to assist a populist candidate.
Yeah from the early voting it doesn't look good for him...
You pulled out that Mexican thing again.
Love the Go Fund Me / Randomstudent sign on CNN
Kayleigh doesn't know how US government works either...
She knows. It's all an act to advance her career.
Clearly the Trump talking points tonight were to compare Al Gore to Trump. Seen many Trump surrogates say this already post-debate. Hilarious
Well, I'm at least thankful that this debate wasn't as much of a shitshow as the last one.
Tom Brokaw looking old AF
Emails! Take a shot!
Why are they having the panel with the protest in the back?
Trump fans behind the CNN panel yelling every time something is said about him.
I hope everybody gambles and drinks crappy bloody marys in the morning. Happy Vegas
GET ALONE ASK JESUS TO SAVE YOU. WTF does that mean?
Fox News is a goldmine right now
They're replaying the "will you accept the results" part on C-SPAN. He really does have stumpy fingers.
It's no joke. Even if his hands are normal sized his fingers are gross little sausages.
His hand getting too close to her boobs making me nervous for some reason.
Oh their fucking tonight
Because he's black?
That was fucking awful
focus groups pls
Kayleigh went with "Buick LeSabre dashboard" for her wardrobe attire tonight, I see
BDSM chic
[deleted]
Only minutes away.
Jeff n Kay having some dead baby yokes.
no one should die by the hands of illegal immigrants. /s
Theres Trump's little shit entitled kid
Oh my god
Snowball next to anderson is so fucking oblivious
Wow this is so beyond stupid on CNN
Utah is gonna turn purple
Utah is writing in Romney again.
McMuffin gonna run away with it.
Purple as in the color of Evan McMullin on 538 right?
Oh Christ Jeffery
Jeff Lord was bitten, he's gone full Trump! Run!
Van Jones. Lol
Trump is a bad Hombre
It's spelled ochre.
One good thing, the whistling is gone from the pregame
The word 'pivot' being used more. 'Dogwhistle rhetoric' less during this cycle.
Wow - Kellyanne has aged about 20 years in the past two months!
Can someone link me the debate now? I'm trying to watch it now that I can but there are no non-live streams.
I would like to watch it as well.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smkyorC5qwc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ru6uvTq39I Just click the beginning of the stream :)
Jeffrey and Kayleigh need a raise. They are debate gold.
Comedy gold. They need to join SNL.
i tune in just to listen them get railed by Van Jones. It's amazing
Vans the man.
"There's no place like home, there's no place like home"
Hey, there is voting going on right now, that matters
You know those wackos who predicted that 2012 was the end of the world? Yeah... they were four years early on that. JK: despite this farce of a political process, I still retain a modicum of hope for this country. I want to make it so that my mother didn't bring me here 15 years ago in vain.
What the hell are you talking about kid?
lol that sign
++++breaking news: todays churches corrupt!+++ XD
I didn't catch the debate live...is there nowhere I can watch it right now?
You should be able to watch it on YouTube or twitter. But many networks will replay it again I think in an hour or so.
Youtube
There are several YouTube streams that you can now go back and watch
CNN showing an empty debate hall during the commercial break. Thanks guys...
Puro Reynosa represent!
A draw?
Was that Zach Galfianikisiskis?
sigh, kayleigh gone :(
"Don't give up, talk to Jesus!"
Kill, fuck, or marry?: Putin, Assad, Rouhani?
Rouhani is fine. It's Khamenei that's the problem. Kim Jong Un or Duterte would've been better.
Fuck Putin, Kill Assad, Marry Rouhani
This is the correct answer.
Same order
Now Lewnadowski is picking up where Jeffrey left off.
What were they chanting?
Lock her up?
Ah, thanks. The Jesus freaks want to lock her up I guess.
Anyone with a common sense would too.
"with common sense" now means "is totally susceptible to bullshit" With "a" common sense? How's Moscow weather comrade
You're criticizing my grasp of the English language but have no problems with the large number of legal and illegal immigrants who refuse to learn or speak english?
Lol I made a joke about trumps nimble whatever. But no, I'm not actually a racist douche. That's you. Now get offended I called you racist. I dare you.
I think it's hypocritical that you make insult my grammar mistake while having no issues with people who refuse to learn the national language.
>Anyone [with a disdain for Democracy and a complete misunderstanding of the laws that govern the handling of classified information]
Lock them up instead
Lock her up
Who would Jesus incarcerate
Incinerate? Incarnate? Incarcerate?
Hillary, apparently... And CNN.... Sense they're hell bent on killing their discussion.
"discussion"
Shitfest?
Tantrum... Fit.... Full body vocalized piss shiver
Newsflash for all those shipping (yuk) Jones and McEnery: Van Jones is married.
Why doesn't Vivid offer up a few million dollars to make *that* happen? That's the kind of healing that our nation is going to need after this election.
That one white lady is letting Corey walk all over her. She isn't ready for this.
Holy hell, the deplorables are out in force behind CNN.
Gloria is not letting Jeffrey and Corey get away with their bs.
Gloria? Jeffrey and Corey?
The names are on the bar at the bottom of the screen (CNN).
msnbc some dude's going on how the GOP leadership will have to step up and say that election results must be respected...as if Trump could give a r*ts ass what the GOP leadership says. They know this so once again most will remain silent. It would be fun to see the GOP emphatically state that there's no significant in person voting fraud after restricting voting across the country based on that same exact premise (and disenfranchising hundreds of thousands of American citizens from voting)
Is there a transcript up at this time? EDIT: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/10/19/the-final-trump-clinton-debate-transcript-annotated/ For those that use google as poorly as me.
there's one on NPR.org http://www.npr.org/2016/10/19/498293478/fact-check-trump-and-clinton-s-final-presidential-debate
Yes, do a one hour google search.
You're right. I was searching for debate 2016 october 19... adding presidential did fix that D: Embarassing.
Holy shit someone put a lid on the basket...the toolbags are out in force on CNN. This must be the crowd that had all their garbage sweeping jobs stolen by illegals. Nothing better to do on Wed night than stand around and yell shit on CNN
Thats liberal racism for you. Garbage bag jobs stolen? Elitist scum..
jeffrey lord really race baiting van jones. he gonna knock him out.
The PAC inciting violence would've been a bigger win for trump if he knew how to speak English
Just enough English to get a vague enough idea of what he's trying to say.
Holy hell. Go to Fox News. Huckabee has emulated Trump's orangeness (fake tan)
I think he's been doing it in a subtle way, going a shade more orange every week.
A true hybrid of Nixon and Trump.
Somebody knock Cory off the stage, please.
I imagine spittle flying during Corey's high speed rants.
I want his coke dealers number. He gets the good shit.
I just realized that it says that Donal Trump is a Best-Selling author......what was the word count on that book?
He didn't write it. The writer came out against Trump. He hates Trump with a passion. He thinks he is a total sociopath.
Of course he didn't write. There's no way someone with his level of vocabulary can string a 2 page essay on the cold war....
I'm Eric!
Can't wait for him to fall even further in every election model
The 'Pitchforks and Torches' Sheriff on FOX.
Yes the "Constitutional Sheriff" who wants to overthrow the government because he doesn't like the results of an election.
Funny how so many of the people who rant and rave about how they're so constitutional literally want to commit treason.
Treason is when a foreign power is involved. The correct word in this case is sedition.
Hmm, TIL. Is traitor a legal or general term and would it apply to sedition as well as treason?
Clinton doing post-debate press conference.
Link?
It was on CNN a few minutes ago.
Where is Don Lemon?
Allred presser is live - link here (scroll down for it) https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/live/2016/oct/20/donald-trump-hillary-clinton-debate-us-election-news-live
So when Trump said “Since I did this — this was a year ago — all of a sudden, they’re paying. And I’ve been given a lot — a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they’re starting to pay up.”, was that based on any sort of fact or was he just making that up?
made it up. it has nothing to do with donald, he'd like to think nato and our allies care what he says about them. but they all know he's bat shit crazy.
352-180(-6) for the 11th consecutive day, after four new polls were released so far today in AZ, MI, OH, TN. http://howwillamericavote.com/
McCullin deserves his own color and it should be camo.
Why am I getting these responses from Trump people that are trying to argue things that aren't even tangentially related to what I said?
in the Canadian election many people voted strategically by voting Liberal, even supporters of the NDP, so as not to split the vote between Liberal and NDP and allow the Conservatives another win.
And now Trudeau is fucking those people in the ass by renegging on his election promise to do something about FPTP
You would prefer the Harper government was still in? Spending military funding on changing rank insignias and branch names rather than kit for the troops, selling off oil patches to China with agreements that if they make a mess, Canadians clean it up, removing protections for fresh water, etc.? Muzzle scientists from speaking freely about their work?
Scientists are still muzzled. Scientists have come out in the past year to say that they're still being muzzled and can't speak freely to the media. The oil patches aren't going anywhere under Trudeau, the Liberals don't give a fuck about climate change. We're about to get dragged into the Syrian conflict under Trudeau and we'll never get out.
Hillary won all three. That's incredible.
No way. Every poll showed that he won all three. Every poll! Even the north pole!
I personally call the second one a tie (although the polls show Clinton winning that one), but this debate truly showed Trump to be out of his depth in understanding healthcare, foreign policy, and economics.
I definitely think, especially in the case of the second debate, Trump was graded on a curve. Clinton most definitely won all three in my eyes. But yes, I completely agree that Trump showed America that he has no clear understanding of anything that isn't social issues.
Welp. Heil Fuhrer Trump.
Just 20 days and this shitshow will finally be over. I'll finally know if I need molotovs or bunker supplies.
you buy them BEFORE You need them. :)
Ethanol is cheap and readily available. I'm counting on the cost of concrete not responding to the election immediately, but that's admittedly a bit of a gamble.
At this point, I'm hoping it will ONLY be a few riots and a general crap festival. Like, that's my win scenario at this point. Texas isn't where I want to be if things got seriously real.
Well, why not both? First, there will be the riots after Trump loses, then when Hillary makes the bombs fly, those bunker supplies will come in handy.
My thoughts exactly. I've already got a lot of ethanol, but I've gotta scrape together the cash for concrete and digging equipment rental.
America lost this debate
America lost either way.
Amazing night for Preside- I mean Secretary Clinton, #StrongerTogether #HillYes #ImWithHer
The SNL all timer from this election was in very first debate - "I think I'm going to be president"
RIP Donald Trump
Some snapchats from tonight's carnage: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h56FSLWy2xY&list=PLK_fiIsDt-N8RSKvP7Xl9hhrFCZhxf67F
WTF, 11 to 9 CNN undecideds Hillary - Trump?!? What are they smoking?
It's what you get with undecideds.
Pretty sure they just pick these people off the street.
It's Nevada
Yeah, not buying that focus group.
Huh?
"Undecided"
Well, who's honestly undecided at this point? Can't be a balanced group.
At this point in the election most undecideds are probably solid Republicans who really aren't sold on Trump.
SPOILER...they're not undecided.
There aren't any real undecideds left. I can't believe that or I'll lose all faith in humanity. The people at the debate just claimed to be undecided, but so many of them had cheered or booed at previous debates, showing that they clearly had a preference already.
Hillary went out for the handshake. FURTHER goes to show how unsportsmanlike Trump is
Everyone remember to write in (P) Chris Wallace (VP) Ken Bone this NOV 29th!
8th
*[28th](https://www.google.com/amp/www.cnbc.com/amp/2016/10/12/trump-urges-supporters-to-vote-on-wrong-day.html?client=safari)
Lol Kellyanne going for the damage control and failing miserably.
Omg I am vacationing in UK and I didnt see it
My local news poll is showing Trump winning 65-20 (with 15% having not watched.) Gah damn how is that even possible...
As with every other debate Trump wins the web polls immediately after, then Hillary wins the polls over the next week. The polls Hillary wins tend to be more trusted and reliable.
Online poll I guess.
Where do you live?
East TN. A very red state, so pretty expected. Still blows my mind.
I keep seeing extremely conservative friends of mine on Facebook posting their own "polls" of who their (also extremely conservative) friends are voting for; claiming that the "rigged" polls in the MSM all say Hillary will win and indicating that "reality" says otherwise. It's interesting watching them try to prove their point.
Where do you live?
East TN. A very red state, so pretty expected. Still blows my mind.
jesus christ, what hell do you live in?
East TN. A very red state, so pretty expected. Still blows my mind.
I wonder if he will continue saying the polls are rigged
Only if it's against him.
Because it's web based and the Trumpmiesters use scripts to vote on them.
Clinton supporters would write scripts to rig the polls too but all they know how to do is indoctrinate kids with communism and cash welfare checks
Not to mention /r/the_fuckwit compiles every online poll under the sun and has people brigade them. That's why even more progressive groups like TYT end up with Trump having a lead in their online polls.
Nah, I totally believe it. It's a red state, and I see tons of "Trump" bumper stickers and signs on the side of the road. They just went in with Trump colored glasses and can't take them off.
The people on CNN trying to defend Trump are being totally outclassed with strong, measured responses. What an embarrassing display.
Jeffrey Lord knows that he is full of shit, I'll give him that. Kayleigh might be completely deluded though.
Hah, that's what I noticed as well. Jeffrey has this look like "fuck, how did I end up on this side?"
Trump choked on Mexico reminds me of this girl in the wheelchair after getting wisdom tooth pulled! https://youtu.be/SWVnrH1LLTY
Holy crap! Parents, monitor your kids internet usage.
The christian supports the pussy grabber?
"God can use anybody. Any evil man." Fuck me. Okay yeah, but why *this* particular one
I wonder which Bible verse that is?
Jesus would've grabbed pussy but his holey hands let down.
Pussy fell right through the holes in his hands. Jesus wept.
As long as he isn't grabbing pussy to rip out a fetus.
Yet another right-wing psychological projection extravaganza: accusing Hillary of paying women to make false accusations when that is the GOP dirty tricks playbook par excellence.
[Mr. Trump:] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKjxFJfcrcA)
Are the chanting loonies in the background showing the country how millennials are going to save us?
I wonder if Jones is paying them...
you mean the baby boomers shouting build the wall?
No, it's not the boomers, sweetie.
Okay even if it wasn't they represent an overwhelming minority of millennials, boo. At least I hope not, god wtf is wrong with these kids
Those sound like UNLV students, not boomers.
Yikes that is embarrassing
Seriously, CNN is unwatchable right now.
How do deplorable tears taste? Nov 8th we will find out!
Nov 28
[deleted]
You realize it's a joke about how Donald Trump misstated election day as November 28th, right?
salty
Trump won more support on immigration and SCOTUS picks! Wtf America!
If you're not watching FOX, Hannity brought up future WikiLeaks releases as a reason why Trump will win.
Was it wishful thinking or do you think he got a little advance notice from his comrades?
It seemed like they expected it, but nothing that they knew in advance.
If they'd released the worst thing first, I could see that. Too much info and too many releases.
[deleted]
No, they said this week we can only talk about your mom.
Hillary destroyed him in the debate, but she made 2 big mistakes. 1 was saying she will defeat ISIS, that was foolhardy and more like something Trump would say. The other was saying she's not going to turn away women and children. Very sexist and ageist policy and ignores the reality of Islamic terrorism. It is not an adult male only pursuit. The majority of terrorist attacks against Israelis in 2015 were perpetrated by women and children. She insisted she wont let in any terrorists and will have very strong vetting, but that's impossible without turning away women and children. This is a mistake Obama has made too, [when he kills people in drone strikes he labels them as combatants if they are men](http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2012/05/under-obama-men-killed-by-drones-are-presumed-to-be-terrorists/257749/).
> The other was saying she's not going to turn away women and children. This is a very old American core value.
But 2 it's a mistake almost no one cares about, so I don't think it hurt her in any way. It's sad, but it's reality.
Is there a Kayleigh sex tape... I'd be down to watch that
that nose though
With surprise guest Van Jones.
I'd watch it
Wait till Donald tweets it
It bothers me that this thread is very very left-leaning. While it is justifiable that people believe Hillary is the better candidate (which, imo, she is), there is no need to massively downvote moderate or even right leaning comments which may provide valuable insight into the election.
I'm in the same boat. It's very discouraging for the future of political discourse.
100% agree. No matter who wins this election, we still have to live together and work together
Well you are on r/Hillary, I've been banned from here on multiple accounts for criticism of her. Not saying nasty things, just pointing out why I think she is a terrible candidate for potus. This comment will probably get me shadow banned.
Here's to hoping!!
You gotta have a safe space!
You can't see the votes for exactly that reason.
No one is stopping you from posting get anything. The right is in the minority. It only makes sense that it wouldn't be as visible.
>the right is in the minority TIL 56% is a minority now. What I think you mean to say is that r/politics is basically r/hillaryclinton spelled funny.
Yup.
Nope, what I meant is you guys are the minority. That's why you're losing :)
What about the moderate? Check the controversial section. Statements such as "Trump did better than he did last time" should not be controversial.
If you don't give a reason, does it really contribute to the conversation. Did he interrupt less? Did he get more specific on his platform? Did he put Hillary on the defensive? I thought he did much worse than the second debate. I mean, if I took a shot every time he said, "You wouldn't believe," or "We're going to have the best X," you wouldn't be able to read this because I would be dead.
People give less reasons for "LEL HILLARY KILLED IT" and they're not marked controversial.
God this election is turning us into five year olds. I'll tell you the same thing I tell my son: Just because Timmy got away with it doesn't make it okay for you to do it. Now, stop putting boogers in other kids' hair.
And just because the majority get away with it doesn't mean it's correct to discriminate against a minority. Right lefties? :\^) Maybe you need to check your political privilege and stop undermining the opinions of others with your dismissive tone of oppression.
Not everyone's opinion deserves to see daylight. Sorry.
You need a safe space? Again, no one is telling you not to post anything. Stop playing victim, it's pathetic.
>discriminate against a minority. Somewhere around this part of your sentence your brain just stopped working. If a black person and a white person both commit the exact same crime, but only the black person is sent to jail, the black person is not being discriminated against; the white person was give special dispensation. The fact that the white person didn't go to jail does not mean the black person shouldn't go to jail. They were both wrong, one just got off. Maybe if righties took five minutes to learn what discrimination actually was, they might get some minorities to vote for them.
Oh my.
Chris Wallace 2016
gee whizz is my wiener sore after this one!
Good luck America
She just slaughtered him. GO VOTE!
Why does his family make me feel so awkward?!
Time to vote, everyone
It was probably the most substantive and standard of the debates. It will probably be also the least viewed or impactful.
Substantive because Donald had about 10% of the substance that a candidate should have, as opposed to his usual 1%.
P. Much. He still replaced actual numbers and stats with 'tremendous' and 'big league'.
I swear, Trump only wants to repeal the ACA to either: 1. Replace it with the same exact thing with whatever improvements it needed just so it doesn't have Obama's name in it. or 2. Replace it with something that will benefit people like him.
At this point it's just something they say to rile up the base. If they had a plan they would have brought it forward. The current reality is obamacare, single payer, or nothing at all.
I'd be okay with a federal health insurance option which would at the very least promote competitive rates.
This is such a hard thing to grade because both really are graded on two different scales. On the radio Trump came off pretty well, he maintained composure for the most part (i couldn't see his face obviously), and he always scores when he attacks e-mails. The YUUUGE problem is that the talking point will be his answer on the election which was an abomination. His refusal to denounce russia raised questions. Saying Hillary shouldn't even be running. Saying his accusers are a consipiracy by Hillary. That is some batshit crazy ideas. Listening to it I felt Hillary struggled a bit but the big takeaway will be Trump refusing to accept the election result.
Did his whispered "...such a nasty woman..." come through the radio while she was talking near the end of the debate? It was loud and clear on TV
It was whispered? That came through loud and clear, it made me sit up.
He leaned into the mic for it. I honestly don't know if Hillary heard it, but the rest of the world sure did.
What was Trump referring to re. Clinton and Obama paying individuals to rile others up at Trump rallies? Was this the first time we are hearing about this? Any related reports or articles?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b24Yq1Ndnjo
Of all the things on this planet we lack, vitriol at Trump rallies is really not something that needed to be subsidized. Even if it was happening it would be impossible to tell, I feel like. And it's not like he was always being like, "Oh, guys, calm down, she's not that bad" or anything. He just ate it all up like the human applause machine he is.
Look up Project Veritas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDc8PVCvfKs The Clinton campaign instigates violence at Trump rallies.
Crazy he didn't go more into that and she totally didn't even acknowledged it.
He believes everyone watches the same media he watches and already know what he's talking about. I believe Clinton didn't want to legitimize the conversation by acknowledging it. There will be plenty of surrogates debunking the videos anyway.
Whats up with all these "Seek jesus" signs on CNN?
The signs behind CNN are growing!
Fair and balanced yeah ok
The moderation is, the post debate coverage is not
[Trump when asked about Putin](http://imgur.com/a/d6pPw)
**HOW DO YOU WAIT UNTIL THE LAST 10 MINUTES TO TALK ABOUT THE NATIONAL DEBT YOU ASSHATS???** They could've had an entire debate solely talking about what they would do to try to do to reduce it.
Why reduce the debt?
At least they asked about it. Debt won't matter if we don't acknowledge climate change
We can't do as much for the climate if we have no money to pay for renewable energy
"You cannot polish this turd" -Van Jones
"You can't polish this turd" rofl
Van Jones gets the best quote of the night: "You can't polish this turd."
"You can't polish this turd."
Why is everyone freaking out about trump not accepting if he losses? If he loses then he loses and he won't be president and that's it.
i think we are all waiting for when trump admits defeat, admits he is not the best, hasn't ever happened
Yep, either way, history is going to happen. Either Trump denies the results and riots happen, or Trump admits defeat.
When he said that my girlfriend said "Oh my god, people are going to die." I don't think it will be that bad. I hope it won't be that bad. It won't be that bad, will it?
It's not just him, but the implication that his supporters might not either, and some of them may even be compelled to take action if he doesn't win.
Because his supporters have been talking about armed rebellion, and if your candidate won't accept the results, it fires the base to rebel against the results.
Because stuff like that seeds feelings of a revolution.
Because he has the crazies behind him.
Civil war maybe? Seriously though.. What do you think /r/t_d is going to do when their God Emperor throws his biggest tantrum yet? There will be blood. This behavior is beyond the pale for US politics, but it is not without precedent.
Unless he gets his very loyal and aggressive base to revolt against the results. Because that's how things get violent.
Ah shit didn't think about it like that. Thanks.
Because he can EASILY cause riots if he says "Do not accept these results."
Van Jones rules!
This is so pathetic. Dead people are still on the rolls because they don't update the rolls often
And there's no danger of receiving ballots from those people either, so https://www.brennancenter.org/publication/truth-about-voter-fraud
Zombies aren't voting - though that would be a great Walking Dead promo for AMC
CNN panel is heated right now
Why is there ten people on the cnn panel?
I just flipped over but it's so infuriating I had to switch off CNN in about two minutes. Some shiny Republican woman decrying liberals wanting to unfairly focus on "one line" that Trump said. Then some Republican man with big white hair mocking the 17 US intelligence agencies as "the same intelligence agencies who said Iraq has WMD" and *smirking* as he said it, taking the side of Trump/Putin. I hate this Republican revisionism that it was just "bad intelligence", just a mistake that lead to the invasion of Iraq. No - there wasn't bad intelligence! The intelligence *overwhelmingly* said that there were no WMDs in Iraq and that Iraq was no threat to the US & its allies or to Iraq's neighbours. It was the ignoring and cherry-picking of intelligence from the political wing of the Bush administration to justify a war that they already decided they would make, not "bad intelligence" from the agencies themselves.
http://m.imgur.com/gallery/I8Jjy
The "Al Gore didn't accept it!" guy is so convinced he's landed on some sort of rhetorical get out of jail free card and has no idea what an idiot he looks like right now
Jeff Lord is such an idiot.
CNN going crazy right now. Discussing "polishing turds"
Link:)
"Technically you can't polish any turd" -Anderson Cooper Beautiful.
I'm not glad Clinton didn't acknowledge the O'Keefe video. There was a good chance to slam Trump for accepting untrustworthy sources like O'Keefe, but she didn't even say anything about it.
I thought that too but there probably just hasn't been enough time to fact check all of it. If it's not true, the correct answer is about how much of a liar and propagandist O'Keefe is. If there's any slight bit of wrongdoing by a staffer (even if it's nothing on the scale as presented in the video) the correct approach would be more to distance herself from it and say that this person does not represent her, they were not employed directly by her campaign, and appropriate punishment has been sought. Denying it from the get-go could come back to bite her.
I kind of agree with you. But at the same time most Americans haven't heard of it so maybe she just doesn't want to draw more attention?
If she has to defend herself against every lie somebody comes up with she'll never be able to say anything else.
Van quoting LL Cool J!!!
Rachel is destroying Trump.
Trump did better without the coke this time, but still such a lying failure.
When he gets riled up he sniffs a lot more.
No-Coke Donald is a college dropout whereas Coked-Up Donald is a rich middle schooler.
Can someone shut up the screaming asshole on CNN...
> Where my riggers at!!!
>feelz >rigged DAE?!
rigged is NOT an important word. You saying it 500 times does not make it so
If people are hurting now, they will really hate it when Trump makes them all homeless with his "tax plan".
Where is the best post debate discussion taking place, which remains objective enough..I would be grateful if you could provide links thank you..
The problem is objectivism and liberal bias are hard to seperate with Trump on stage...
true true..
probably PBS or NPR http://www.npr.org/ http://www.pbs.org/
Four more years!
this old white guy is too old for TV
stop it
Cnn is the real show
CNN has been the best drama on TV since Pussygate.
Remember, **demographics and related turnout are everything now**. If this election is similar to last demographically, it is over. Not a chance Trump wins. Period. I had friends in both Romney and Obama's war rooms, they both had roughly the same raw data, but applied different demographic screens that led them to believe that they were winning going away. My buddy on the Obama team said "we know that Romney's team truly believes they are winning, and they terrifies me, because they could be right [on account of their demo screen and turnout projection]." Truth is campaigns still struggle to understand election day turnout models even now. Anyway, anything can still happen at this point. Hillary could win by 15 points if Hispanics turnout at 70+% or white women/educated white men who normally vote republican just don't come out. Trump could be tied or even win if blacks return to 2004 support levels and turnout (at least 12% for Bush, could have been 18%) OR if his "missing white voters" actually increase white turnout by 3+ points.
TIL: it takes 4 minutes for the United States to activate a nuclear strike
trump could launch that underbudget and ahead of schedule
That comment caught my attention too. Isn't that classified information?
It's a phone call away. It's not 4 minutes.
but what if that phone call away takes 4 minutes like the **FORMER SECRETARY OF STATE** said ?
What are the qualifications of the people in this CNN panel? I'm genuinely curious.
Axlerod ran Obama's campaign to the white house.
Blonde Hair, tight shirt. And also there is Kayleigh.
Mostly having worked for a campaign at some point
What the fuck did the white haired trump supporter on CNN just say about a "slow motion coup d'etat"
"He took the bait" ...debate I see what you did there.
"I wanna know what anatomy class he's in if that's how he thinks it's performed." ...that's not how he thinks it's performed...that was his point...
She thought it was a draw though lol
Does anyone else think Mark Cuban is thinking about making a run based off what Trump did. He's not insane though
I think his support of Girls Gone Wild might not help him in the middle of america.
I mean, it can't be any worse than the grab em comment, right? (I can't believe i'm actually serious)
lol I think it might be on par for that. I have nothing against it but imagine the political ads showing him with 18 year old women flashing...... That would be rough.
Secretary of Treasury would make more sense.
I mean, his only qualification would be that he has a lot of money. Cuban is largely a technology guy.
So do y'all think we'll get some sweet information from Gloria Allred before the process is over. Hell maybe by the end of this week!
oh god this prick again fuck sake and they screwed kayleigh for him i'm off guys good night
Do Trumpster fires really not have anything better to do than stand behind the CNN desk shouting all night? I mean, it's entertaining, but I'm getting a headache now.
Let them, it reflects poorly on them.
It's that or Brigading open debate polls to pretend trump won. Either way, nothing is accomplished.
What drug is Corey on? He is speaking so fucking fast.
The same that makes Trump sniff.
His old boss is the plug
Joe Scarborough is back to being a Trump apologist. I guess he's angling for some kind of job.
He's not stupid enough to think Donald has a chance at winning.
Maybe, but there's still jobs to be had on TrumpTV!
I thought that Trump asking Hillary to give back the 25 million her foundation took from Saudi Arabia as a gesture to gays and women was the strongest point made in the debate, especially since there was no response.
I don't understand it though. A Saudi Family member donates money to Hillary's Foundation which uses the money for good causes. Some of the causes actually conflict with the donors own interests. Who cares? Would an anti drug organization accept millions from a drug cartel? Would an anti mob group accept money from the mafia? Maybe the question should not be where the money comes from but why.
Explain this to me. How would giving money to these states improve these conditions in those states? Wouldn't they just have more money to use to kill the gays and oppress women?
I don't think our government officials should be taking huge sums of money from foreign countries with extensive human rights abuse issues in the first place. But if you want to talk about giving money away to places like these there's the 150 billion this administration handed over to Iran.
Back to the topic hand of Clinton Foundation. Not everyone in the country or government may agree to their policies, and those people might also donate to a charity that they see does good around the world. It's even stupider to ask a charity to give it back (to the individuals who would allegedly use it for human Rights violations). Could we agree on that point?
No because it would show she isn't influenced or bribed in some way by Saudi Arabia and would be a gesture towards women and gays to show who's side she is on.
On the side that supports marriage equality at home. Okay, but you don't think the money going back would be used to kill gays?
I think that's a stupid idea. That money is going to help people, why take money away from a cause for idealogical reasons?
That didn't even make sense though...why take 25 million from aids medicine to give to anti-gay anti-women countries?
Is trump going to denounce the evangelical donations/vote that has been horrible to the LGBT community in America? Because he can start with denouncing his running mate.
I agree. It's a good point that will undoubtedly be buried beneath the spin.
The strongest point in the debate was Hillary saying she wants to enter another cold-war with Russia. Fuck, that. Fuck that entirely. Fuck everything about that, nothing is worth that. Not even four years of Trump is worse than decades of renewed cold war bullshit.
I work in the MIC. Hell yes let's do it.
Yeah! Fuck a Hillary Cold War. Bring on the Trump NUCLEAR WAR!! MAGA!!!
Such baseless rhetoric. Trump suggested what Hillary claims to be for, diplomacy and trying to get along with Russia. Hillary has actually threatened nuclear war by saying that she will institute a no-fly in Syria which would require shooting down Russian planes (an act of war) and by saying that [their cyber attacks should be met with military action.](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=qHMtEkqz7XU). Who really had their figure on the trigger?
Turkey has already shot down two russian aircraft, they clearly dont have the balls to do shit
> their cyber attacks should be met with military action.. That has actually been US policy since the mid 2000's and it makes sense. An attack on a nations cyber infrastructure is the same as an attack on its soil.
> Hillary has actually threatened nuclear war by saying that she will institute a no-fly in Syria IDontEven.jpg
Baseless rhetoric: Look at your previous comment.
Make America Glow Again
Uh, Trump was the one complaining that the US had "only" 1800 nuclear warheads while Russia has more (or so he claims). Trump *literally* wants the United States to return to a cold war arms race with Russia. (Let's just ignore the fact that it only takes [a hundred](http://www.globalzero.org/blog/how-many-nukes-would-it-take-render-earth-uninhabitable) regional nuclear detonations to render earth uninhabitable, and far fewer nukes to defeat even the largest country on Earth. No, Trump wants us to have more than 1800 nukes. Because MAGA! or some bullshit.)
The acronym you were looking for wasn't MAGA, it was MAD.
Touche.
Yeah I'm a bit surprised by all the non-relevant things people keep bringing up (including all the news casters). Someone who may soon be president has many many times made allegations and threats and just overall talked pretty negatively overall about Russia almost like it was intentional considering how guarded she was about everything else including other nations. She seemed to suggest Trump was all buddy buddy with Russia, well why is she so openly anti-Russia.
I think it is because Russia is standing in the way of the overthrow of Assad in Syria. It is very strange what our government is doing over there. I don't see why it's unacceptable to Clinton to work with Russia to take out Isis and then get out. Unless our government is funding Isis to attack Syria in the first place. Which seems to be the case when the government announces every attack before it happens to gIve Isis a chance to leave the area. But I don't really know what is so important about taking out Syria to Hillary and the globalists, even to the point of a potential war with Russia.
It has seemed like whatever it is has to be very specific to Syria because if it had anything to do with Russia specifically we would have done or continued to do more about Russia since the Ukraine Crimea territory military involvement and actions.
I know people don't want to admit it, but we do have to work with Saudia Arabia.
Let me get this straight: Saudi Arabia is mean to gays and women, you want HRC's foundation to give Saudi Arabia 25 million dollars.
Why would they take it from a nation with almost exact opposite views on women's rights in the first place.
Because money is money, and it's not like if CF refused Saudi will just change their laws to be friendly with women lol.
And we hear from another long time listener to right wing hate radio who volunteered for a lobotomy.
Wrong! It was when Trump retorted "shoul've gotten it" in regards to the rigged Emmys.
She got Saudi Arabia, a country founded on Sharia Law, to pay 25 million to help fight Sexually Transmitted diseases in Africa. I say that's a win.
I don't know about that. It's kind of a silly point. It wouldn't benefit anyone to give it back, and using it doesn't help the Saudi. It would be a useless empty gesture.
So you think it's a good idea to take money out of the hands of the needy and give it back to the rich assholes who donated it in the first place?
Well it was sort of foolish, no? They give that money away, so I don't think they are banking it...
I don't see the problem with accepting it, as long as it doesn't influence politics. I can be cynical but frankly the leaks I've read haven't been very damning. Trump's foundation may donate 100%, but it's impossible for most charities to operate for free. And I'm sure his foundation isn't 100% "clean" either, as it was pointed out some funds were used for personal legal matters. Would you turn down money from Saudi Arabia, knowing 90% of it would go to help people? It's like the Komen foundation not accepting Pornhub donations. They might disagree with the source of the money but why turn it down? I would feel guilty for not helping actual people over my own religious or political ideologies. They might have profited from it, but a lot of good was also done with the money.
I can see the point some people are making about accepting the money and using it for good, but when Clinton is a government official in a high position, taking that much money from foreign governments like Saudi Arabia, who I don't find to be very charitable, does seem inappropriate at the least. It could dampen Clinton's response to the human rights abuses of that country.
I agree that any influence on political decisions would be unacceptable, but I haven't seen any solid evidence of this.
How would that even work. The foundation is an INDEPENDENT entity and the funds have been spent.
Because it doesn't warrant a response. the money goes to the foundation. If hitler handed me a million dollar check for cancer research i'd use it happily.
It doesn't make any sense though. Wouldn't it be better to just take their money and spend it on helping gays and women to spite them?
I was wondering about why everytime something comes out of WikiLeaks it is talked about on The_Donald but not no other subs which I know of. What I want to know is, is it true what Hillary said that the Russians are behind the recent Wikileaks in order to get Donald trump elected? And... Did Hillary condemn the information without looking into it? That's what it looked like Edit: thanks for all the answers was interesting to read. i don't understand the downvote(s) though, I was just asking a question.
I feel like the Russian thing is just a deflection. For me, it's not WHO released the information it's WHAT they released.
I would argue that the most important issue is not WHO, or WHAT, but WHY. Russia doesn't give two shits if American voters are being misled, they care about their own national interests. They're spreading this information to discredit U.S. politicians and to sew discord in our country's democratic process. And for a presidential candidate to endorse another country to break our cybersecurity for his own personal gain is despicable.
You couldn't be more off. WHY is merely a byproduct of the information being released. The only thing that matters is WHAT. IF the email release was actually "yoga" related, do you think people would be questioning the integrity and trustworthiness of Clinton's campaign? It is the very substance of those emails that is driving Clinton's narrative that "Russia did it for Trump". They know full well that those emails implicate them in a number of dubious activities and misinformation - so to deflect, they're making the topic about exactly the garbage you're spouting - "WHY"
So rather than arguing that the WHY and WHAT are both important, you're content to say that it doesn't matter one iota why a foreign agency would not only penetrate (..unsecure..) file systems but also release that intelligence to the public during an election cycle? And even IF the email release had nothing substantial, people would still be questioning the integrity of her campaign as it directly relates to her uncomfortably lax security procedures. I can agree that the "substance of those emails .. is driving Clinton's narrative", and that it's a political deflection to save her ass, but if you think that one country directly sabotaging the politics of another country for their own gain isn't still a BIG issue, then you haven't been paying close attention to U.S. history.
No, it is a major issue that another country has read and accessed US confidential information - but again, it was only due to their breach and negligence of the rules in place. Countries taking advantage of this are only able to do so because of her. It does matter that they've done this, but what are we supposed to do from this point on? Pretend that the email evidence isn't damning and shouldn't sway our opinion of her because it wasn't our government that led to the "transparency"?
I suggest you look at fact checks of the debate. NPR is good one.
Because most of what's in the emails is boring and nothing surprising.
Yes 95% of what's in these emails is boring, nothing to see here, look away.
Hey remember that time you guys pointed to an email of Podesta making fun of Bernie Sanders and did some incredible mental gymnastics to insist that it meant they had Scalia murdered?
It's been talked about plenty here. There has just been plenty of skepticism over its relative importance (relative being the key term). If she weren't running against the apocolypse, it would be discussed a lot more, I'm sure
According to the CIA, FBI, and a bunch of other acronyms that specialize in security, yes, it is true that the Russians are behind the hacks. According to reports, a hacker/group calling himself/themselves Guccifer 2.0, in honor of a previous hacker currently in jail, claims to have hacked into the DNC and the mail of David Podesta, one of HRC's staff members. These intrusions were ultimately traced to a Russian IP known to work with Russian government. After the breach, and combing through these files, they somehow moved from Guccifer 2.0 to Wikileaks. From there, they've been released a little bit at a time over the last few months. This, combined with connections between the Trump campaign and the Putin administration that include Paul Manafort being implicated as a lobbyist for Putin in the Ukraine, Trump using a story at one of his rallies that appeared only on a Russian controlled website before it was exposed as a forgery, and Russia's recent posturing claiming that a Clinton presidency would lead to war, it looks like the Russians are trying to influence the presidential election in favor of Donald Trump.
What benefits does Russia have in Donald as president?
Not going to war with the US?
They get a good laugh out of it.
He is easier to manipulate thru comments and press.
It takes America down a notch. With poor leadership we will lose respect and influence on the world stage. That puts Russia in a better position to do what they want.
- Weaken NATO - Sabotage economic alliances - Reject cheap labor from outsourcing in favor of expensive and scarce domestic labor - Expel cheap labor and build wall to keep it out - Irresponsible, ruinous economic policies - Incite racial, class and gender hatred and unrest
Donald Trump's proposals severely weaken our relationships with many Eastern European countries, and other countries around the world, that fear Russian incursions against them. Especially after the situation in Crimea erupted.
>Did Hillary condemn the information without looking into it? That's what it looked like. Not really. Chris Wallace asked about her open borders quote from Wikileaks. She said that that was not the full quote and that that she was talking about energy trading. Looking at the actual full quote, I can believe that, though I can see how the open borders part could also have meant immigration-wise. She did claim that Russia was behind the leaks. So basically, she didn't condemn them. She tried to put her own spin on them but did acknowledge them though she blamed Russia for them getting into the public. The actual full quote from the email is: >“My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders, some time in the future with energy that is as green and sustainable as we can get it, powering growth and opportunity for every person in the hemisphere.”
Personally, that quote reads to me more "I want everyone to have the same opportunities we do at some point in the future; i.e., this is my utopia." I honestly don't see how that's calling for open borders. It sounds like her talking about what an ideal Western hemisphere would look like.
God damn Kayleigh is hot.
Yeah she is. But damn she's annoying.
Too bad a chimpanzee is capable of more executive cognition than her.
She graduated from Harvard Law bruh. She's 27 and among the best known political analysts on the planet. She knows exactly what she's doing.
And it shows. /s
Sounds exactly like the type of woman Trump would hire
Soooo, since when are we starting a war with Russia? I was getting that feeling last night.
I'll fill you in. Remember that no-fly zone that was discussed last night? Russia said if we establish that no-fly zone, it's an act of war. Hillary said she still wants that no-fly zone.
I remember her saying something about negotiating with Syria and Russia about it.
Because it's probably a bluff by Russia. They continue to flex their muscles and keep trying to see how much influence they can exert.
We simply don't know the outcome of that situation, but I agree that it's probably a facade.
Of course we don't, but to assume Russia has even half the military might of the US currently not to mention a US/EU coalition is naive of current geopolitics. The US/China relationship is too important that I don't believe they would back Russia if the US called them on it. It seems more likely that Putin is just taking advantage of US public opinion and how American leaders are beholden to the public. Putin is many things, but stupid is not one of them.
Which makes it all the more alarming that Putin has been playing Trump and his campaign like a fiddle. For a hot second when Manafort stepped down, I thought Trump was going to hire Boris and Natasha, he's in so deep with the Russians
Really worried about Clinton wanting a no fly zone over Aleppo. Last thing we need are higher tensions with Russia.
It won't be just us though. I don't see her doing anything with a coalition of forces. It's pretty much essential.
Yup, this changed my vote. 2h ago I was voting for Clinton, right now I'm voting for Trump. That Russia shit, that cannot come to pass, we cannot re-enter the cold war. No. Fuck no.
People change votes for bullshit.
The cold war was fucking scary for so many Americans. Of course this will change votes.
Are you under the impression that people can't read your comment history? Not sure why you feel the need to lie.
Did you listen to the rest of it and do research on your own? A no fly zone is normally an agreement on both sides, and it is an effective means of reducing conflict between the two countries. To think that something even remotely similar to a Cold War would happen is absurd, because if a no-fly zone would supposedly cause a cold war, the current situation would already be a nuclear one. Also, how the fuck do you go from Clinton to Trump because she said she would establish a no fly zone to reduce conflict in the area? What the fuck? The same guy who said he would fire at an Iranian ship for flipping American soldiers off, the same guy who asks why don't we use nukes, the same guy who wants to give nukes to more countries... WTF?
You cant have my vote if you openly provoke Russia during your final debate. That's it.
But you can have my vote if you're nonchalant with nuclear weapons and are willing to start a military incident because a couple of soldiers disrespected you. That makes total sense.
She's practically frothing for a war with Russia. She is constantly saying antagonistic things towards them, and laughs off Trump saying "why can't we just get along"
dont worry, it hasnt happened in 4 years, its not going to happen
The United States would not impose a no fly zone over Aleppo without prior approval from the Russians and Syrians. It is silly for Trump to think that we would, considering the amount of surface-to-air missile systems that are in Syria right now.
im so confused, if America hasn't been invited into syria how can they impose a no fly zone within their country without permission?
Clintons are above the laws of this country and any other. They answer to nobody but themselves and those that have bought them.
Alt-right talking points bot failing the Turing test
Who's authority would we need? Exactly.
Sexy dress. Boner-killing talking points.
3-0 SWEEP FOR CLINTON
The second round was a hard win for Clinton. She didn't land as many punches and seemed gassed, but she really came out for that third round to kick some ass.
yeah I thought if she lost any it was the 2nd.
HRC: 3 Trump: 0
Hilary took a small jab at Trump. Trump : "What a nasty woman." Post show: "Why is Donald Trump showing his side of degradation of women? I'm not on Trump's side or Hilary's. But I don't think they are bringing up the fact why Donald Trump would say that. I mean that would still help Hilary's case if they did. Why wouldn't they bring that up? It really does sound like they want to emphasis on his insult but not Hilary's "insult".
She was talking about how her and his tax bracket would get taxed more. Even that is too much for him to take.
Trump doesn't pay taxes, it's not an insult, it's the truth.
I didn't think that was that big of a deal, coming from him. I laughed out loud of it, just such a foolish thing to fast lol. I'm very anti Trump but eh whatever.
Exactly! I kinda saw his face when Hilary mentioned his tax evasions(or something). I expected a small retort like "That's silly" or his classic "That's a lie." But no, it seems to have hit him home.
Somehow this managed to be Clinton's best performance and Trump's worst (or maybe tied with his first debate). I honestly think she went easy on him during the second debate so he wouldn't drop out and give the GOP comeback potential by putting someone else on the ticket.
Yes that is obviously why. Her best chance of winning is Trump in the race.
Pretty even in my opinion. Chris Wallace did a great job.
I loved his chuckle.
I'm bitter. I believe that Sanders would have been able to handle Trump in a debate, and am upset with everyone who insisted "Vote Clinton otherwise Sanders will lose the election!!!".
Sanders might be good on the emotional level but weak on there policy level.
I don't think Trump would have outfoxed him on policy.
Trump really does not have much for policy that I can see. But he might be able to attack Sander's policy much easier as a great deal of it is well outside of the centralist preferences. As much as people hate Clinton mainly for personal reasons, there is a group that will hate Sanders for policy reasons.
I wanted Sanders, but Hillary has handled Trump pretty easily. I'll settle for making Sanders the senate budget committee chairman.
Write in Sanders and move on.
He politely asked me to not so I won't.
This is how drug and alcohol abuse starts: when people are left without options to alleviate their bitterness. Bernie Sanders: Turning People To Drug Abuse.
Ironically if he'd been president he would have urged a gentler drug abuse policy and treatment instead of jail. Unlike Clinton and her private prison buddies.
There's at least 3 other candidates, and none of the above.
O.o No way! Why didn't anyone tell me this!!
People voted for who they liked more, the reason isn't important, the number, in this case 3.7+ million more for Hillary, is what matters.
> People voted for who they liked more, the reason isn't important, Root causes are always important. The Republican party should look into the reasons behind the big orange buffoon being on stage tonight.
Sanders would have been so far better than either of them
The "pivot" from wikileaks revelation of Clinton calling for "open borders" to "wikileaks is Russia espionage" was so rehearsed. It reminds me of an akward middle schooler who has a set of topics they can discuss and will ramble on monologues when a topic is barely mentioned. Maybe if the debate were three hours, she could have addressed it more fairly. Basically "open borders" had two different definitions in two different cases. You owe me one, Hillary.
Don't understand how it's a pivot. Multiple US intelligence agencies have warned the the material in the leaks may have been pushed by foreign governments to disrupt the election. Under this assumption, all material provided in those leaks should be subject to extreme skepticism.
Bernie did the same thing the whole primary. It drove me crazy when he did it, and it drove me crazy that she's doing it. You are in the right here. Stop trying to pivot and just clearly explain. I've read the emails. The Russian source is irrelevant unless you are officially disputing the factuality of the contents. Just give it the context! READING YOUR EMAILS MADE ME RESPECT YOU MORE!
Agreed. These emails being some kind of damaging event for Clinton is very funny, because if you read them, they're all fluff and actually show she knows what she's talking about
I agree with you. I don't know why she does that. Same with her "private" and "public" stance. It is perfectly reasonable I feel to have a naunced private position and a simpler/clearer version in public. However, in this case she took him to the Russia trap and he got stuck there in a swamp. He is like a petulant child. He gets diverted and then has a tendency to implode and forgets the main issue.
Yea that was the moment the debate went off the rails. Fortunately for her, this is exactly where Trump becomes bat shit insane man. Once you break calm boring Trump, there is no going back; from then on, Trump was Rambling Don.
What do we call Bill Clinton? First Gentleman?
First gentleman, president Clinton?
First Ladies' Man.
Is it fair to say the moderator came out looking the best? Donald shot himself in the foot and Clinton mostly stuck to the script with a couple of deflections here and there.
Hillary hit him with Chinese steel. Trump didn't counter. Fucking brutal.
It was a good silver bullet. He has no real response. He definitely bought Chinese steel (and hired illegal immigrants) and there's nothing he could say that would change that. He did the best he could with "Well I gamed the system so I can fix the system, right?", without commenting how all of his policies help him and his business.
Pretty much the worst answer he could give. "You could've stopped me from doing this horrible thing I did that helped put thousands of Americans out of work, so it's *your* fault I did that awful thing." He can game the system all he wants, but he'll have to do it without the tens of thousands of votes that United Steel Workers are giving to Hillary.
https://twitter.com/christinawilkie/status/788933582463139840?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw
It's a shame that there's not some more video or audio evidence. Trump will just say the same thing about anyone who comes forward which is very unfortunate.
I bet Kayleigh McEnany and Van Jones are fuckin'.
[deleted]
Well, no.
Let's be honest though... that's a 10/10 hot pink dress. Vacuous political drone deflecting valid criticisms while making me feel like the future is now.
I'm picking up what you're laying down
Hot pink dress with a silver crucifix peeking out. I wonder if Jesus would approve.
Did anyone notice him boasting about Hillary's gold standard comment on TPP from the previous debate and how that was fact checked? Every other statement out of his mouth, if not more, is a lie or exaggeration.
Well there's video of her calling the TPP the gold standard so..
He was so proud to have caught her in a lie once...
Did she ever flat out deny she said that though? From the last debates the impression I got was that she deflected, and neither confirmed or denied anything. Which is not 100% honest, or maybe she just didn't think it was important enough to talk about. Either way, I certainly do not remember her denying it. Someone correct me if I'm wrong on this.
These two candidates make a strong case for the absence of any sort of higher power looking after us.
God helps those who help themselves.
Trump did better than I expected.
For about 20 min he held it together. But then it just all fell apart for him.
For 20 minutes he was losing in a respectable way.
Care to explain?
She hit him with some good jabs. And he gave up some good sound bites. But it never seemed to rock him like it did in the past debates. He went back to his game plan of reminding us about how terrible Obama and Hillary are.
Thank you. Imo that's fine, however he hasn't said any real ideas about how he'd be different. Just saying "theyre awful and I'll be great" 100 times is... Not convincing to me.
I think he is hoping to trigger people into they are both terrible and staying home. His base will vote no matter what so depressing Hillary voters would give him the win.
For the first half. He just can't contain himself.
You're expectations were extraordinarily low.
Yes
I fear that people who would consider voting for Trump or don't invest much time into understanding policy just saw Trump hold his own, stay calm (relative to his usual behavior), and provide some evidence he wouldn't destroy the county. Hillary was pounding him, but it felt more subtle than the other debates, unfortunately
The problem for Trump is that his base is not enough to win the election.
None of that came off as calm to me. Hopefully not to others as well.
Chris Wallace did a fantastic job as moderator. Trump had his best performance yet, but it still wasn't good enough. Hillary was Hillary. That should get her elected. It's time the American media stopped pandering to the two major parties and ended the two-party farce. We deserve better.
yea, trump's best is so pathetically weak. He doesn't make any sense. He talks like a third grader. The transcripts are embarrassing as hell.
I think the saddest moment of the debate was throwing Queens under the bus... damn, why you had to go and do that Hill??
What did they say about queens? I live there and missed it
Bernie's from BK, another to add to the tally for kings county. But your food is better, so that's a plus.
Well you guys also have Williamsburg, so that's a net minus
That's Manhattan's fault.
The point was "The guy who did it was just as American as you." Not "Queens sucks."
Yeah I know... but still, Queens gave you Run DMC and LL Cool J
Let's be real though, it made queens look bad.
I'm honestly frightened by what will happen with russia. The rhetoric is increasing, and hillary and putin clearly don't like each other. I hope it doesn't get ugly or another cold war
Yup, the Russia talk changed my vote.
Putin is too much of a pussy to take the US on directly.
Probably, something will happen in FIFA World Cup 2018 in Russia.
If it did it would be coldwar-lite
There won't be another Cold War. The US economy is 6 times more powerful than [Russia.](http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/compare/Russia/United-States/Economy), but it goes beyond just a simple measure like that. Russia has alliances with Syria... others I guess. As far as the future is concerned, The US is in a much better position to movw forward than Russia, regardless of this idiotic nuclear weapons talk. That is caveman shit. No one takes that seriously, just like the Russians didn't when we gew our collection. Kruschev- I remember President Kennedy once stated... that the United States had the nuclear missile capacity to wipe out the Soviet Union two times over, while the Soviet Union had enough atomic weapons to wipe out the United States only once... When journalists asked me to comment... I said jokingly, "Yes, I know what Kennedy claims, and he's quite right. But I'm not complaining... We're satisfied to be able to finish off the United States first time round. Once is quite enough. What good does it do to annihilate a country twice? We're not a bloodthirsty people." The only person to seriously consider this rhetoric is a knuckle dragger.
I'm not really worried about russia trying to defeat the US, but I am worried about provoking russia to take over more countries and act more aggressively. They clearly want to be back on the world stage.
No one is provoking Russia. If standing up to an aggressor is provoking than in fucking Andy Rooney!
Trump broke federal law tonight. I wish someone in this country had the balls to charge him. 18 U.S. Code § 2383 - Rebellion or insurrection Whoever incites, sets on foot, assists, or engages in any rebellion or insurrection against the authority of the United States or the laws thereof, or gives aid or comfort thereto, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than ten years, or both; and shall be incapable of holding any office under the United States.
We don't use the legal system to punish political opponents. Donald Trump could kill someone and we'd have trouble doing anything because it would throw the legitimacy of the race into question if there was even a shred of doubt to his guilt. If after the election, he actually does incite a real rebellion, then maybe (and that's a big maybe).
By that same measure Hillary incited a rebellion by being the most corrupt candidate in history
Except she's not the most corrupt candidate in history by any measure you care to use. I really don't understand this kind of thinking. You know what our elections were like up until around the 1920's? You would have literal street gangs paid off by political parties who assaulted people at polling places, it was alarmingly common for people to die on election day because of violence, ballot boxes were literally stuffed without even an attempt made to hide it, powerful people would arrest their political opponents before the election even happened, and in general violence and sleaze was the norm rather than the exception. You ever see *Gangs Of New York*? The election scene in that movie is actually historically accurate. That shit actually happened. Often. The only way you can possibly say Clinton is the most corrupt candidate in our history is if you don't know our history. Hell, Nixon hired thugs who literally broke into a the democrats HQ to steal documents, among other things. I can think of even more recent examples of actual corruption (Mike Pence ordering state police to raid a voter registration office seemingly with the intent of disenfranchising African Americans, for example) Just...stop kidding yourself
No, you.
You guys love to make that claim but have no evidence to actually back it up.
You must not know your history. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Watergate_scandal
Yep if she was a better person, she would not have so many people mad enough to think about rebellion If Biden were running this would not be happening because Biden is a good person and doesn't incite rebellion
You only think she's not a "better person". The echo chamber lumps a lot of stuff at her feet that is not her doing or not her fault. What are the facts? She improperly used an email server (just like the previous three Secretaries of State). That's it. Why are people not up in arms against Colin Powell given that he did the same thing? Oh, because he's not running for President, that's right. Is some of what she has done a bit skeevy (taking exorbitant fees for speeches)... sure. Illegal... no. I have yet to find one single person able to make a cogent argument, with evidence, that she has broken the law.
Lol
I am very much looking forward to the day Trump is found guilty of one of the more serious offenses he's allegedly committed. But when did he do that?
he hasn't incited rebellion/insurrection....not yet, anyways. Give it, oh, say, 20 days, plus or minus...
Its also a general consensus among legal experts that the whole "and shall be incapable of holding any office under the United States" part isn't constitutional? (I don't remember what term they used, but pretty much it wouldn't be enforceable, people should just not vote for a criminal.
He hasn't violated the statute yet. Give him time.
"Whoever incites" he is guilty as fuck. He just stated the government of the United States is illegitimate. He is also the leader of the GOP right now. He has millions of followers.
No, he used too many weasel words. In intent he is guilty, but in actual action, he is just shy of the line. He's still an asshole though.
As someone on the left, I empathize with republican hatred for Clinton. I've never noticed how much the media is in the tank for clinton until this election
Strange. I get the impression that there's more republican hate for Trump than Clinton. The only republican supporters Trump has seems to be out of some necessity for their future.
While I agree that there's definitely a left-leaning bias in most media, I honestly think it's exacerbated this election season just because Trump is such a baffling opponent. Veteran Republican campaign staffers and spokespeople fall apart when attempting to defend his insane and inconsistent statements and it makes for weak representation of the conservative viewpoint.
I never realized how much the media believed that the sky was blue either. But for serious, it's that he doesn't try to dress it up with numbers from friendly think tanks and he denies what he says on video. He isn't giving the media a chance to just do "both sides do it media" and the media is kind of pissed at him for it.
> bipartisan hatred ftfy
You know what's funny about it? Remember when early in the campaign they were calling Trump the master media manipulator because of his ability to dominate the news cycle. He did this to the point he won the primary and continued the same plan into the general. Now that his plan is not working (suprise) the media is now piling on to him. Trump has nothing but good things to say until the tides turn which it then turns to "corruptions". You want to stand tall fine but own it. Don't blame someone else for your own faults.
Um. Who else would they be with? Edit: seriously, who else would the media be with this election? Edit 2: You guys keep down voting me, but I'm being serious. Does anyone expect any respectable source to side with Trump or any one else besides Clinton this election? At this point it's not a subjective preference; she's objectively the best choice. Even most conservative newspapers agree. It's not "in the tank". It's being rational.
Voting for hilary is being alright with corruption and murder if you think trump isnt the better choice here you are brainwashed by the biased media and dont understand what is at stake
If your belief system leads you to think that intelligent people are brainwashed, you've gone off the deep end.
How so? Wallace is from Fox and asked a few skewed questions ("partial-birth abortion", out of context quotes from wikileaks), but was mostly good. He challenged Trump more often because Trump was being so blatantly dishonest.
Hillary Wins! ***FATALITY!*** ***FLAWLESS VICTORY!***
That final question (and both candidates' answers) were probably the clearest indicator of who each candidate is. Why vote for Hillary? "Platitude, platitude, platitude, platitude." Why vote for Trump? "Life sucks, I alone can make things better." ...Yeah. That just about sums it up. Hillary is a typical politician, Trump is a wannabe strongman. Hillary disgusts me. Trump terrifies me.
I'm more terrified by the fact that Hillary has committed federal crimes, defended child rapists, essentially created ISIS, purposely incited violence, and let 4 Americans die in Benghazi. But, you know, Trump said pussy 11 years ago so he's the worst.
> committed federal crimes Sure. You won't hear me argue against this -- I was as appalled by Comey's non-indictment as anyone, and probably more than most. I still can't believe she had SAP intel on her server and wasn't immediately put on trial. That's the smoking gun, and nothing came of it. >defended child rapists She was a public defender, that was the case she was assigned. She did her best to win, which is basically the definition of being a lawyer. Her attitude toward the case (and treatment of the victim) is indefensible, but the fact she did her job isn't. > essentially created ISIS Yeah. Not touching the poop. >purposely incited violence You mean by sending people to the Trump rallies? The same ones where Trump said, into the mic, "I'd like to punch them in the face" and "I'll pay the legal bills for any of my supporters who get arrested." Yeah, neither candidates is fresh as the driven snow on this one. >let 4 Americans die I'm much more concerned by Hillary's behavior in the aftermath (downplaying the terror ties, focusing on the video protest) and beforehand (maintaining the consulate despite everyone else leaving the city) than her conduct during the attack (re: the stand-down order that may or may not have occurred and may or may not have had much effect due to the fog of war). So yeah, Hillary's a terrible human being. But Trump's awfulness encompasses far *far* more than merely saying a bad word a decade ago.
Both are pretty terrifying and disgusting. I'm getting closer and closer to feeling the Johnson...
Same. I just wish Gary Johnson were in any way competent at politics -- this was his big chance to break the two-party system and get onto the big stage, and he flubbed it massively. But even so: silly or even stupid is better than Mrs. "appalling corrupt" or Mr. "just plain appalling."
Hillary doesn't lie, that shouldn't disgust you.
The platitudes weren't lies, sure, but the rest of it? The typical politician's weasel-words, the corruption, the public vs. private face, everything we know and have learned about the Clintons over the past decades? There's plenty of disgust to go around.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dY77j6uBHI
lol what
Well said. Personally, I'd rather go with the politician. We've done that for over 200 years and it hasn't all been bad.
[deleted]
Ok, then let's go with the strongman who can't take an insult? Whatever floats your boat.
[deleted]
I will seriously let you do whatever you feel rights you with the universe. Cheers :)
just curious, but what answer would have been satisfactory there?
The only satisfactory answer, in my opinion, would be one that was given by someone not named Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton. Seriously: the answers were straight from both of their stump speeches. This is how they define themselves. It would have been shocking to see either candidate go off-book, when they've spent so long hashing out the stump speech, so it's not surprising that they kept to words they were familiar with. That why I said that it defined their candidacies -- Hillary is running like a normal politician (in an incredibly anti-establishment election year), while Trump is running like a demagogue.
oh ok that makes sense
I promise the people: free cheetos for every American.
[Hillary just wiped the floor with Donald](http://www.miaminewtimes.com/news/florida-man-uses-wifes-head-as-mop-8179512)
Declaring Trump the winner of this debate is like when they gave Sandra Bullock an Oscar because there was no "Most Improved" category.
America, the fuck is going on with you guys?
We just really hate ourselves and each other.
Dunno, hows your shit going?
It's alright, could be better.
We're taking out the trash.
We're stuck in an abusive relationship
Idk man, it's a weird time.
Lead in the water is my guess.
Don't forget the fluoride, birth control, antibiotics, hormones, mood-stabilizers, and god knows what else people are pissing back into our mouths these days.
Chris Wallace for president
Or at least for the Republican nomination.
It's over and Trump knows it's over.
The biggest loser of this debate was the American people.
Trump did not have a good first 40 minutes. they are saying that just to be nice.
Compare to the last 50, it was a dream.
Can't wait for 2020 to correct all that has gone wrong with this shit show. How embarrassing.
For the love of gods if the republicans could just put up a normal human being...
Damn, Kelly is giving it to Donna Brazile HARD
[deleted]
Get ready for 4 more years of Hillary.
Standing next to Trump would make anyone seem likable... except for Hillary Clinton.
Especially either of them.
I thought Trump won this debate, unlike the first two. But looks like i'm in the minority in this comment section.
You're right. He won the last 2 pretty obviously.
This whole section needs to be renamed to proclintontrolls
Because it's so hard to comprehend the majority of Americans don't like a sexist racist who treats the constitution as a joke. Frankly I don't know what's sadder, trump believing this or his supporters believing it. Speaks volumes for the Republican Party.
I'm with you on that one, Hillary was freaked during this election, those wikileaks components caught her off guard to the point that they switched personalities.
Dude you're on r/ClintonSpam what do you expect.
Do you think he won " bigly"
I will grant you he actually did stay on some of the topics. The topics here were the few that he has some advantage over Hillary in. He certainly did better. He did continue to do the Trumpisms of: 1) lack of content - "Hillary was totally terrible at <topic> I'd do it good(with no details how)" 2) random ad hominem: "nasty woman." 3) Most of the "attacks" he had were already debunked prior to the debate. It is up to you how you take those comments 4) Denying things he said on tape / twitter (not just heavily edited O'keefe videos)
Well, I'm willing to hear why you thought so...
We weren't watching the same debate then.
Oh, my goodness, you are. And honestly, as someone who genuinely validates his own position only by understanding how those he disagrees with arrive at their own points, I'm frankly baffled: I'll need an ELI5 to understand how *anyone* could think Trump appeared in the same *league* as Clinton in this debate, let alone won it! I mean, I'll start off by asking you to acknowledge that the current GOP nominee went on record stating he would not agree to accept the democratic transfer of power following an election. To start.
How can someone say yes when he hasn't even seen the results yet, that's foolish. It's not a big deal, he'll even AL Gore didn't concede the election to Bush immediately
Are you referring to him saying "we'll see." Of course he's going to acknowledge the process. He just doesn't want voters to see him as a sell out BEFORE the vote. You clearly have a strong bias by trying to knit pick something as ridiculous as that when examining 2 hours of debate.
I'm not sure why you're being downvoted while someone else who is acting kind of like an ass is getting upvoted.
> He just doesn't want voters to see him as a sell out BEFORE the vote. You're misunderstanding the precedent he's setting. This isn't some political prerogative or strategy and the implications of it are much more far-reaching than Trump simply being a sore-loser. Besides, *who would he be selling out to by agreeing to abide by the will of the American people?* He is jeopardizing the peaceful transition of power out of pure spite.
No, I'm referring to the part where he was asked "will you agree to accept the democratic transfer of power following the election" and he did not say "yes". I'm not being pedantic: "Yes" is the *only* answer a credible nominee of any party could ever give to that question. Period. Full stop. Anything less is pandering to nonsensical conspiracy theories that could genuinely erode a tradition of democracy spanning over two centuries.
ok dude, he said yes in the first debate. Our opinions are clearly different on this topic.
I'm actually a little lost why that would be a good thing from your vantage point? Why does him saying that a week+ ago stay as a positive to you when paired with the present where he's talking about rigged elections, not accepting results, saying at rallies in Penn that the only way he can lose that state is through fraud, etc.?
So he said yes when they were close in the polls, but now that Hillary is up 7 points (538 poll aggregate), now he's talking more about it being rigged?
Holy christ the brainwash is strong with this one.
[deleted]
By focusing on the ideas and plans presented by both candidates in the actual debate? Look. She's not in prison. She is one of the two top candidates in the race to lead the United goddamn States of America. It might be easy to write off someone that fast rather than actually digging into their plans and weighing them against their opponent's, but you're honestly selling yourself short by not giving a shit and just waving your hand, "bah! She should be in prison! My boss should've given me a promotion! Taxes should be lower! My girlfriend should wear those jeans that I really like more often!" At the end of the day, I'm just wasting my time. If you want to vote Trump, I'm sure you thought he did a bangup job today. If you want to vote Hillary, I'm sure you thought she crushed it.
[deleted]
Every single point you make is nonsense.
> If you want to vote Trump, I'm sure you thought he did a bangup job today. If you want to vote Hillary, I'm sure you thought she crushed it. And if you're someone like me who doesn't like either candidate, tonight was pretty fucking bad for Trump. After seeing that there are still people supporting someone who clearly has no understanding of how the government works, and rides the coattails of his constant appeals to emotion, watching tonight's debate finally gave me the motivation to ensure my vote counters one of his.
"Do you think treason is wrong?" "I'll get back to you. To keep up the drama for the sake of my future news channel."
>see him as a sell out Okay, I feel like a lot of people don't understand why this is such a big deal. A peaceful transition of power is a *cornerstone* of our democratic process. Period. If you take that away, then you open the door to mistrust in *all* voting and/or outright ignoring the results of voting. Both of these paths a) basically undermine our entire form of government and b) building off of that, opens the door to non-peaceful methods of power transition. Aka, violence. I say that because you likening him accepting the results of an election *barring some crazy information about vote fixing or something super weird coming forward*, likening that to "selling out", like "oh yeah I liked that band's first album but they really sold out later on" scares me because, again, this idea is a *critical fucking piece of our entire democratic system.* I don't know if I really need to reiterate it, but this isn't some guy fighting to the end, giving it his all, exhausting all options, or even just being a sore loser. This would be an attack on our democracy.
And in reality.
I thought he did OK in the first half but it got bad towards the end. And I think the end of all debates weigh in more.
How do you see him winning this debate? I'm not trying to be rude, but I don't see it at all.
i've gotten a lot of replies so i'll just answer yours. I thought Hillary really dodged questions, in particular the email ones (which I believe were 3 important ones). She started blaming Russia instead of answering the question in a particular case. I also thought Trump was more coherent than before and better prepared. The moderator's questions def. were in favor Trump, which helped him. Truthfully, i don't like either. I disagree more with Trump than Clinton, but I have strong biases against Clinton. Just my opinion of the debate.
I also thought Clinton had a rough debate on the hard topics tbh. However she also had more quips and zingers along with the predicted Trump crash and burn later in the debate. I watched the NBC post debate and the topic they thigh would be most discussed would be the fact that Donald wouldn't say that he would accept the relays of the election. The point was made that the first question going to be asked to all down ballot republicans is "Are you going to accept the results of the election?" And of course they all will say yes. It's not in their interest to foment the democratic process in the US so they'll just hang Donnie out to dry.
I don't watch post-debate talk-show because it could influence my opinion of the debate. But this issue of Trump not emphatically saying he'll support the result is laughable for me. It's a non-issue and he already said he'll support the result during the first debate. He just didn't want the possibility of relinquishing any votes right before the election. I thought the steel beams joke was a good one. Where Trump said he's staying at his hotel. And she replied that's made of china's steel. I don't really recall any other good ones. Yea, Trump does crash toward the end. He needs like a 30 min debate.
I mean, if you look at what his supporters have been saying and what Trump himself has been saying is that the election is rigged. That's why the question is asked over and over again. When called out on a stage where millions are watching he demurres and chooses to state he'll decide when he "sees the results". However I guarantee you that soon you will see Trump tweeting or saying at a rally that the "Election is rigged by Hillary" This is directly damaging to the republic and our safe transition of power.
Interesting take away, why do you think that?
Not the OP, but I think Hillary got ran over in the pay to play section. That decided it for me
She did fumble a bit there, but every other question she had a strong stance and response.
Trump took the first half and Clinton took the second, not really too much to take from it overall because it was a mess again. Chris Wallace was by far the best moderator they have had over the three debates and he did a fantastic job.
You and I weren't watching the same first half of the debate, it appears.
Agreed Wallace did a great job. He was equally tough with everyone including the audience. Commanded respect throughout. Disagree on Trump "winning" any part. This was almost a carbon copy of the first debate where he was trounced.
The only thing he clearly gets the knock on in that first half was that ripping the baby out bullshit he espoused. Flat out falsehood.
Yeah that was ridiculous, he basically described a C-Section at one point.
Really? I felt it was fairly even the first half and then Donald lost it.
I would say the first half was closer than the second half because as you said Trump went full Trump and you should never go full Trump, but he did actually do very well in the first half and even if it was a draw Trump still wins because he's such a train wreck and by drawing it makes him look legitimate.
Did Hillary and Obama encourage violence at Trump rallies? Seems uncharacteristic.
They did though. :/
When and how?
Nope. It was the separate-from-the-campaign money permitted and encouraged by the Citizens United decision.
No.
Not encourage, Hillary's campaign funded it. "We pay mentally ill people to do shit for us, incite violence at Trump rallies. It's going to be total anarchy."
Jimmy O'Keefe is a known to edit the shit out of videos similar to the Planned Parenthood videos.
[not really](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/20/us/politics/dnc-video-trump-rallies.html)
It's an O'Keefe video, he maliciously cuts together video to smear liberals. He made the fake Planned Parenthood "fetal tissue" videos.
No confirmation thosr videos are legit. And no connection to Hillary or Obama in any case.
It's a video edited by James O'Keefe, google the name and see by yourself why nobody takes him seriously.
It's an edited video of some staffer.
wow Donna Brazile just got eviscerated by Megyn Kelly during that interview. Looked like a complete fool.
She caused the violence at his rallies! No Sir she did not! This is ridiculous!
Her campaign paid people to incite riots at Trump's rally so yes she did.
What's the source for this? She didn't refute it so I assume there's some truth, but I haven't seen any (reputable) source for it.
Wikileaks is the source. Podesta's emails. It's been all over the right wing news. The Hillary Campaign hired people to cause trouble at Trump ralleys, to stir up the lunatic fringe so they could call Trump supporters violent. Hillary's camp also colluded with the media to keep the spotlight on Trump during the primaries. Trump is a Hillary plant; he's just too dull to realize it.
Thanks.
No it's the bullshit sting video from Project Veritas, aka James O'Keefe the liar.
Could you link the email(s) in question, please?
At worst, (and this is if some part of those videos are true), some people (not directly related to Hillary's main campaign team) baited Trump supporters into violence. They dangled some bait, and the Trump supporters took it hook, line and sinker to the natural deplorable ends. And this is the best you can get if some tiny part of that video is true (from a guy who has made multiple discredited falsified videos in the past).
Yeah so deplorable, putting old oxygen tank lady to frame LEGALLY BLIND OLD MAN saying that he sucker punched her, while the video shown he didn't do anything to her.
No, that video is extremely sketchy evidence, this is far from remotely proven. Just like the Brit who supposedly was on the plane with Trump and the NYT accuser.
ffs is video evidence not enough? along with the extensive proof that multiple people agreed to pay others to incite violence? edit: was wrong
Video from someone who has been caught creating hoax videos numerous times before?
Not sure I've heard that before, but I'll look into it. If I'm wrong above, props, I stand corrected.
This article is pretty in depth: https://www.google.com/amp/amp.timeinc.net/time/4536212/james-okeefe-project-veritas-video-democrats/%3fsource=dam
Video evidence straight from a dude who has a long, documented history of using manipulative editing to distort his videos, as well as lying to others about the methods he employed when he supposedly obtained his info. In other words, not credible.
The fact that he has been caught editing and baiting in videos before, completely misrepresenting entire conversations to the point he had to pay a 100k dollar settlement for it makes him a completely biased source. Video evidence means absolutely zero coming from him. If he actually had anything he would release unedited footage but he always does this same shit. ACORN, PP and now this.
Damn, the Don's eyes are redder than the devils dick. Guess he was tired getting stoned by the media and thought he should just do it himself.
He really didn't look good. His skin tone looked worse than usual and then the red eyes, as you mentioned. I think Deplorable Don is either on drugs or is very ill.
Let's be real, he is on drugs.
Not only does Donald Trump not do drugs, he actually said he wanted both candidates to be drug tested before this debate.
He was sniffing again. I was hoping a nurse would walk out on stage and ask them both to take a drug test on the spot. Trump would have refused, I'm sure.
I didn't hear him sniffin
Nah he would do it and accuse the nurse of being a Clinton croney. He would be like see, see even the debate is biased by using fake piss. The crazier the claim, the harder there boners are for him.
GG Donald. It was a nightmare having you around, now get out.
Canadians be like "pls no".
I don't know. I'm still against her policy of talking about using an unconstitutional no fly list to remove the constitutional rights of Americans. It's just wrong.
Trump is in favor of those same policies?
Sort of. You can essentially say there's the Democrat policy and the Republican Policy. This is essentially the GOP version >After the Orlando shooting, four bills were presented to Congress, including Cornyn’s. The Texas senator’s bill would require that law enforcement be alerted when anyone on the terrorist watch list attempts to buy a firearm from a licensed dealer. If the buyer is on the list, meaning he has been investigated for terrorism within the past five years, then the sale can be blocked for up to 72 hours. During that time, a court would review the buyer and the sale. In order to deny the sale, the court would have to show probable cause that the person is, in fact, involved in terrorist activities. For what it's worth, I don't support this either but it's at least an attempt at due process which even American terrorists deserve. The democrat policy is far worse.
Trump has repeatedly, for example, called for No Fly No Buy, though, right? Not questioning the majority of the GOP on this, to be clear, just Trump.
Yep. He had a meeting with the NRA to actually discuss no fly no buy. I don't know the details of what they talked about or what came out of it because the NRA seems to approve of Cornyn's proposal, and while I'm not a huge NRA fan they look at everything as an extreme attack on the 2nd Amendment. Essentially it seems to be Trump favors it if the Terrorist watch list has due process, whereas Clinton favors it more akin to them being felons.
Liberal here. I want a country with less guns, but I agree with you. Whether I like it or not, the right to bear arms is part of our constitution. I'm for better background checks, sensible gun legislation, etc, but I don't like the idea of denying someone a constitutional right based on suspicion, however justified it may seem. It's simialar to why I oppose voter ID. You need to be fucking certain that there is a problem before you go about hampering a person's constitutional rights. But Trump also said he supported it in the first debate.
Trump supports the no fly-no buy list if there is due process. He didn't elaborate on that in the first debate, so I called him an asshole after that.
That's the one thing I liked about the gops positions, they wanted due process. But the GOP needed to concede that the FBI would need more than 3 days to make a ruling.
Well obviously if they wanted to institute it, it would have to be a legal process like them coming at you for a crime. You can't be strictly punished for shit the government said you might eventually do.
Yeah, soooooo you support her idea? I'm confused.
I agree. But, I do like that would give no fly list more scrutiny. Tying gun purchases to it would certainly put a huge spotlight on it. It might be the end of the no fly list.
I get the sentiment, and the inconsistency is mind boggling. It does, however, need some form of due process.
I'm voting for Hillary, but I actually agree with that. I wish Democrats would get off this horse.
just wow
gg
Gg no re
GG America EZ
[MRW Trump talks](http://giphy.com/gifs/star-wars-1x65Yj512fquc)
That was my reaction almost every time Hillary spoke
So trump just doesn't care about the truth. Deny everything.
He just doesn't trust economic experts, or intelligence experts, or... I dunno, anyone who disagrees with him? So I guess all experts.
I know we all want to talk about their performance but...Do you think Melania looks like a Velociraptor with makeup?
Agreed. I'd still tag it.
http://m.imgur.com/jqLnTh6
Was this picture taken before or after she illegally became a US citizen? Haha jk, I know she illegal.
He legit said that women were being disrespected in his final speech... come on Donald
All they have left is ridiculous conspiracy theories.
ccording to a 2015 report from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act raised the national GDP every year from 2009 to 2013, and in 2014, it may have raised GDP by up to 0.2 percentage points. That would mean it did not “lead to” slow GDP growth, though it was followed by slow GDP growth. Many economists would argue that the stimulus package in fact made economic growth higher than it would have been otherwise. ... economists largely saying that the benefits of it outweigh the costs, as well as that it lowered the unemployment rate. Danielle Kurtzleben NPR Politics Reporter
[deleted]
According, he misspelled
it doesn't matter, Trumpers and Republicans believe that government statistics are not to be trusted. they live in a different reality
It's merely coincidental that the, on average, less educated.
Duplicitous..... Jeffery Lord just outclassed Donald Trumps entire vocabulary in one word......das not good.
this is terrible. absolutely, absolutely terrible. politics will never be the same.
A very nasty woman. lol.
Ted Cruz gonna look good in 4 years when he puts in his bid for POTUS after this udder blunder of a running
I wonder how strong the MOOvement will be.
Ted Cruz has no chance because he sucked Trump cock. He should have stood tall.
I didn't know he flip plopped. I didn't follow the republican primary, but just remember him telling Trump to pound sand.
He capitulated quite recently. Even phonebanked for him, and then the groping video happened. I'd feel sorry for him if I didn't dislike him so much.
You missed where he gave a full throated endorsement at the worst time possible. If there was a winner on the GOP, it was Kasich.
I would be seriously interested in seeing kasich really get the nod. I am not informed on his platform but he seems like a decent person. My one knock is I think is very anti labor, but I need to read into it
Giuliani: "He knocked her out tonight!"
"Rudy, I need a surrogate. So what if I'm a total joke of a candidate. You don't have a job, you are uneducated - what the hell do you have to lose?"
Kellyanne just needs to live out the SNL sketch for her own good
I'm surprised Hilary stated that the second amendment is an individual right. She was always super evasive on that. But I wish there could have been a more narrowly focused follow up on an assault weapons ban because unless it gets specific, it's easy to fall back on "I support the second amendment" and leave it at that.
Smart play. Even if she's not a fan, she knows that the anti-gun crowd that were going to vote for her still will. I'm not entirely sure how real the online loopholes and gun show loopholes still are, and I always vote against any legislation banning high capacity magazines, shoulder stocks, pistol grips, and all the other lunacy that doesn't matter at all in regards to guns... I don't know how ingenuous her comments where, but I agree with them. Leave it alone for the most part, and make it a bit harder for crazies to get guns.
Well there are no real loopholes. The gun show loophole and online loopholes both just mean private sales. Something that the antigun folks want to eliminate. If private sales are illegal, gun owners will go to ffls to sell guns. With gun control laws that regulate gun stores out of existence, suddenly transferring a gun becomes impossible. (Legally) It's always about the end goal of eliminating gun rights and gun ownership.
I would have disagreed with you, except I live in the bay area, where it's 1) illegal to open carry, and 2) impossible to get a license to concealed carry unless you straight up bribe ("donate to the campaign of") the sheriff. Out of curiosity - Is it legal for me to buy a gun off someone privately? Do I need to prove somehow that I am allowed to own a gun / not disallowed from owning a gun? What requirements does the seller have, generally?
1) Well it varies by state. Which state are you in? 2) if you are able to do private sales, the seller can't sell to you if they have a reasonable belief that you are disqualified from owning a gun. Although there have been proposals to change this. Dems usually want to effectively ban private sales so their proposals force all sales through an FFL. reps had a proposal to open up the National Instant Check System to the public. This way I could check if you were a prohibited person. From what I've heard, most sellers in a private transaction ask for something like a concealed carry license to make sure the person can buy. 3) FFLs have to run a NICS check. Private sellers (in states where private sales are allowed) can't. So as long as they don't have reason to believe the buyer is prohibited, they can sell. personally I think the proposal to open the NICS system to private gun sellers and buyers would be great. The idea of mandating private sales through an FFL in an attempt to reduce straw purchases (effectively eliminating private sales for anyone) is naive to me. The people who would follow the law about all sales going through an FFL are not the people who we should worry about.
Thanks! I am hugely, hugely against the idea that you can't sell something you own. I can sell you my car, I can sell you my house, hell, I can sell you clippings of my hair if you're into that. Legally I can't seem to sell you my alcohol, which I have a problem with. A bit ironic in that light that I can sell you a gun... If it were up to me, I think it would be reasonable to: 1. Have a way for a seller to run an instant background check, like NICS as you said. 2. Mandate that a seller needs a form filled out, by the seller and buyer and with the results of the NICS check attached, submitted within xx days (for free, or for a $2 processing fee) to the state / whomever. 3. Possibly even include a case about first time buyers needing to jump through special hoops, whereas someone who already has a carry license basically is just referenced and checked by their ID and name. I think the _mandate_ to check and file is that would cause people to get angry. I'd liken it to filling out the title transfer on a car, except cars aren't constitutionally protected. What do you think?
Get BTFO, Deplorables
[Help me Ja Rule](https://youtu.be/Mo-ddYhXAZc?t=45s)
Hillary wins CNN focus group 11-9, 1 draw
[deleted]
She's actually won every real poll on every debate. But let me guess... you think ridiculous, unscientific polls actually have merit (but only when they support your politics).
[deleted]
The Brexit polls were off by about 4%, with far less data, and that was still a pretty shocking error in the polls. The last three Presidential election results, using Real Clear Politics average of polls, were off by 3.2%, 0.2%, and 0.9%. Clinton's leading the polls by 6.5% now. Sure, it's completely reasonable to have some skepticism of polls. They're not perfect oracles of the future. At the same time it's silly to completely dismiss them just because you don't like the results. Or do... it was fun watching all the people meltdown last election because they were sure the polls were wrong and they were going to win.
[deleted]
I would agree the very nature of this race makes it more likely for the polls to be off. But there's no particular reason to think Trump's support is underrated. The notion of "shy" Trump voters was also raised in the primary, but he actually *underperformed* his polling numbers slightly overall. And there are plenty of reasons to believe Clinton's support could be underestimated as well. So who knows... the error could go either way, but probably not 6.5%. It would be completely without precedent for Trump to pull things out, given the polling numbers at this point in the election. Tell yourself whatever you need to to sleep at night though.
[deleted]
Sorry, it was a natural assumption considering how factually challenged you are, and how rabidly one sided your rants are. Modern polls have pretty darn accurate at predicting elections. Regardless of who your candidate is, completely dismissing something with a proven track record just because it doesn't tell you what you want to hear doesn't reflect kindly on you. And no, that's not the same thing as reasonable skepticism at all. Further if you think somebody *other* than Trump or Clinton is going to win you're even further detached from reality than I thought. IMO dismissing things that are clearly facts just because it doesn't fit your narrative is doing more harm to America than anything else.
12 new state polls today in #election2016, and for the 10th consecutive day, 352-186. #stability https://twitter.com/HWAV_TJHalva/status/788935590544900096
#Stamina
What are they chanting?
"We are dumb!" is all I hear.
r/The_Dipshit is leaking
"Lock her up"
Lock her up & We want Trump
build the wall
Forrest Gump
Random Trumpisms
Corey paid big money for that well rehearsed crowd outside CNN all day
Good Will Trumping: It's not my fault. It's NOT my fault! It's not my FAAUUUUULT!!! I guess it makes more sense when Robin Williams wears the fake beard on TOP of his head
Aside from raising taxes, the other things are just unmeasurable throwaway lines.
any one watching the little twink trump supporter freak out on cnn right now? his bow tie is about to pop off lol
Oh shit, does anyone else besides me actually feel a little tiny bit better about this election after that debate? Obviously Hillary is still crooked, and I still wouldn't trust Trump to run a hotdog stand, but she at least seems to be the right kind of corrupt. I guess. If that's a thing you can even be. I still won't vote for her, but I'm now not so upset she's going to win.
Here's the thing with Hillary Clinton - she's a truly terrible politician, but people always end up liking her when she's actually doing her job. I think, as a person, she's very private and tries to present a facade when campaigning. This is her greatest weakness and both Bernie and Trump have exploited it like crazy. You call her a liar and she makes it seem true because she deflects. This is why she lost to Obama, who's very personable. Against Bernie she won because the Dem primary was highly focused on issues. Bernie is personable, too, but his campaign was focused on the issues and that allowed Hillary to show off what she does best. It makes sense. She's a lawyer, she's been in a lot of rough political battles, and I think she goes on the campaign trail in a suit of armor. When she's actually being the president, I have a feeling her approval rating will go up quickly, just like it did when she was Secretary of State. People forget these things so quickly, but in the Romney/Obama election, she was the highest rated political figure in the country. Anyone remember that? No? We're all going to forget Michelle Obama was the highest rated political figure when she's running for president too, haha. It's just what happens. Campaigns are ugly.
The problem is people call her a liar because that facade she tries to present while campaigning is built on avoiding certain key facts about her public life. These are specific decisions she made, that had she made a different choice she wouldn't be getting dogged about it every day despite running against a person who has done everything but fuck a corpse on stage. She has every chance to change my opinion of her once she is elected, as she rightfully should be when her opponent is nothing more than a sign of a deeply troubled segment of America that truly needs help but will likely get it without deserving it, if you see what I mean. As of now I won't vote for her, and my state goes 70% for trump or whatever anyway so who cares? I'll vote for all the other stuff.
> my state goes 70% for trump or whatever anyway so who cares? Doesn't seem to be true for this election. Even Arizona, of all places, has become a battleground...
No, it's still true. Check 538. There are still some states that just aren't battlegrounds, and won't be this year. They're filled with rural voters who deeply, truly believe Donald Trump is the best candidate to bring prosperity back to their communities. They're wrong, but I'll never be able to convince hundreds of millions of hopeless people that.
I've always found it odd that the republican party appealed to rural voters. Their economic plans are just terrible for rural people who are mostly low income.
The opponents have been screwing them over for decades economically, though. Republicans don't have to have common sense, they just have to not be Democrats. And talk bad shit about NAFTA all the time. Rural voters, every single one of them pays taxes because none of them are rich. Of course "cut taxes at all costs!" appeals to them. In a rural area it's a lot easier to be self-employed. Of course they want less regulation, even if that's not how you grow the economy, it's how you will grow their business at least.
Not gonna lie, I like her because she is the right kind of corrupt. I'm an American Imperialist. I like how things have been run and she's going to be a continuation of that.
[deleted]
Not sure if you're serious but I might be called a bit of an American imperialist too. I actually agree with her "private" military policies but I'm a nationalist first. If you put Nero in charge you won't have a Rome left to rule. When the head is corrupt the body withers.
Yeah. I'm also cool with taking millions from Saudi Arabia and putting it to good use. The idea that Clinton was/will be soft on them because of that relatively small amount is laughable.
At what point did I say she'd be soft on them? They're selling their oil at under production cost - of course she'll be in bed with them! We're sucking those fools dry at discount prices.
Actually who we are sucking dry is Iran and Russia who can't make money. Additionally our fracking ability scares them because when gas prices were high they realized by keeping the prices too high it allowed other methods of oil collection to become profitable.
> At what point did I say she'd be soft on them? Sorry, I was just speaking in general. Only my "yeah" was directed at you, in agreement. My bad for the confusion.
Got it. Rouge yeah's are dangerous, my friend.
Yeah. I also hate vanilla ice cream.
Man I need to get the fuck out this country lol, the way you think is just not for me at all Edit: I wonder what careers Iceland needs
I'd suggest Canada, then. We rule them via economic obliqueness, meaning you're unlikely to be droned to death. Also, their beer is better than ours.
Sounds good to me, eh. I'm tired of my government spying on me, benefiting the wealthiest instead of the poor, frolicking in the Middle East with no real plan etc and having everyone be fine with it because the president says some cool words and is an actual human being (God the bar is set on the fucking floor for our politicians here, like these are the standards we have?)
[deleted]
Well then no, his comment was off base and the search continues Although having just way less people around sounds nice too.
Can you elaborate on "the right kind of corrupt"?
Using all methods, including possibly-but-perhaps-not-technically-I-don't-recall extralegal ones, to achieve her goals, and those goals more or less align with those of the country she serves, and with reality (tax cuts do not and will never work).
With respect, I think that is a terrible was of thinking. Corruption is a cancer that should be scraped away aggressively. It shouldn't be allowed to take root, even if it supports "your side"
I mean, that's why I won't be voting for her. I'm just not so upset that she'll win, because that kind of corruption is how American politics has operated for hundreds of years.
She's someone who does what she has to to win, and I respect her for some of that. Trump just feels weak.
> Trump just feels weak. Because he is. You could literally see him slowly crumble on stage. She definitely didn't stand out tonight, but you don't have to against that. One is a President, the other is a bitch called Trump.
I also feel like she does, or has her people do, a lot of stuff she doesn't need to do to win, though. As if she will use her power to get advantages in other ways besides competitive ones. Trump certainly feels weak, and would complain about every press conference on twitter endlessly. I can't be more impatient to see no more of him on the presidential stage.
I've kinda take a Nietzsche-esque view towards her with the "Beware that, when fighting monsters, you yourself do not become a monster... for when you gaze long into the abyss. The abyss gazes also into you.” I think she's kinda Batman.
Nah, I just think she's a pretty decent person who realized she can use her power in ways besides the reasons she may have originally gotten into politics. That kind of leader worries me and I can't support it. Luckily my state doesn't matter but even if it did I don't know if I can vote for someone so obviously corrupt. It's borderline Italy levels.
I don't know what that means.
They elected a highly and obviously corrupt candidate for their executive leadership multiple times, non-consecutively if I remember right.
Who is they?
Italy. A majority of Italian voters. A few times.
I voted for her already, and I feel a lot better about it. She's competent. She has a plan. She's driven, and she's smart. She isn't perfect and I don't like everything about her, but she is absolutely the best choice.
I'm not so sure she's competent, but she'll at least be trying on behalf of the country instead of just for herself. That I am pretty certain of by now.
Does it matter more what country hacked the Hillary campaign than what the contents of the hacks and Wikileak documents contain?
It matters who did it, and why they did it, but not as much as the contents themselves when they are exposing improper behavior. Her "The Russians hacked me!" defense is like a drug dealer arguing that their actions and behavior should be ignored because they never intended for the police to wiretap their phone.
Just trying to deflect the fact that she's in the wrong.
Maybe more accurately if the police did a wiretap without a warrant / extralegally. The evidence would be inadmissible. But even though your analogy is shit; I still agree. To me the contents of these documents (assuming validity) are important. The fact that the Russians or whoever did it... Separate issue.
No it isn't. The russians aren't doing this to enforce American law. They are doing it because they think having Trump as president will benifit their interests. They could have leaked things about him, they didn't. The Russians aren't doing this because they want to make our country stronger and better, they aren't doing this because they are a moral people, they are doing it to accomplish something. You use the police in your example, and the contrast between the methods of the polic and the methods of Russia should make you reconsider.
I disagree. Let me qualify that by saying that if these were snowden-quality shockers I would agree. But they're mostly benign revelations. Podesta likes aliens. Hillary knows having a separate message for the public and a message for private discussions is important. Nobody really cares about those emails. I care about foreign interests trying to influence our elections. If the emails were proof that Hilldawg was a lizard-person or was in cahoots with FEMA to TAKEAREGUNS, it would be a different story. But they're not. I'd argue many many worse conversations happened in person or over the phone, but they knew better than to have them via email. For precisely the reasons that we're discussing now. tl;dr we're sick of hearing about Hillary's emails. But we're not sick of hearing about how Trump and Putin are working together to the detriment of the American people.
That analogy only works when we know for sure the wiretap wasn't compromised. Eichenwald's piece in Newsweek proves that that is a very real concern. Also, the bucket of losers speech that turned out to be fake. Plus, there wasn't really anything there. Her speeches were exactly what we thought they were. We've known since Citizens United how convoluted this super PAC nonsense was. Plus, the wiretap would have taken context into consideration and would not have edited things to suit their needs. How many times did you hear "Hillary hates everyday Americans"?
It matters more that the countries top officials know who did it, have told Trump who did it, and he thinks he knows better.
I think being a fly on the wall during one of his national security briefings could be simultaneously one of the most interesting and most frustrating experiences one could have.
No, but the actual contents of those leaks are pretty tame. I asked Tim Kaine to read all of it for me and even he said he's not that boring.
Yes it does, because there could easily be equally lame or damaging info on her opponents that is not being released due to the agenda of the country releasing the info. (In other words, you could argue that russia is trying to release only info that will make Hillary and the US government look bad, and not any info that would make trump look bad). Anyway that's the argument.
Also, there could be things that look good for her or important context that put leaks in a different light that are purposely NOT being released.
Which Clinton could then release... I mean, none of this is classified, right? EDIT: or someone could use FOIA, because this entire system wasn't designed to circumvent it in any way.
Why should she have to release private campaign emails? Do people not have a right to privacy?
Simply put, Clinton seeks to gain extra rights and responsibilities as an elected official. If someone can bring up evidence of impropriety why should she simply get to skate because "it was private." Do you think Trump's comments should be excused because they were made in private? Does he have no right to privacy? I certainly think that his right to privacy is dwarfed by our right to know who we are giving this immense amount of power to. It is no different with Clinton. If there is some context to her emails that puts her is a better light I'd love to fucking see it. Until then, I'm going to assume the worst because I share responsibility, as we all do, for what she will do as my representative.
A. Trump's comments were not made in private, he was miced up at work. B. I don't see why a private organization's private communications should have a mandate for release unless for legal reasons, which there are none. That is like saying that you have to give your boss your personal inbox when you are hired at a new job. C. Assuming the worst unless they prove otherwise is incredibly stupid. You are essentially asking them to prove they didn't do something, which is counter to both logic and justice.
A. Alright, fine, maybe not the best example. How about his tax returns and all the allegations about them? He is being asked to release them to prove that he doesn't have dealings with Russia and that he didn't donate to NAMBLA. Those returns were filed under the assumption that they were private and would stay that way. Or what about all the people who talk about incidents made behind closed doors. Or his sexual assault accusations, should we assume that because he did those in private and those accusing him have something to gain there is probably some positive context? B. There isn't a mandate of any sort. This is like anytime someone is taken out of context. It is up to the person being taken out of context to fill everyone in. You can't say "that was private" and have everyone forget about it. The reason why the boss analogy falls apart is because no one is demanding that she hand over these (almost certainly nonexistent) emails that provide "context". The only one who has that as their self interest in Clinton. No one is forcing her to release more emails, but if she wants us to believe that there is a better context then she has to offer convincing proof that is the case. Why should the default position be that there is some context that makes it sound better instead of accepting only what has been demonstrated? C. In the case of a public official where there is evidence I'm not going to simply assume that their might be evidence or some context that puts what they said or did in a better light unless they can demonstrate that. These emails aren't some random allegation. This is like in court if the prosecution has evidence that appears to show beyond a reasonable doubt that you're guilty. It then is up to you to cast doubt upon such evidence as your defense. I'm not asking her to prove that she didn't do something, I'm asking her to show the evidence she did it isn't convincing. You'd be right here only if it was simply Hillary's word versus someone else's word. The problem is that there is no reason to suppose that there is some broader context to these emails or that they are not legitimate. The big difference between this and a court case is burden of proof. In a court you have to demonstrate that someone is guilty "beyond a reasonable doubt" and typically I like to extend this favor to people in the public domain. The problem is that Hillary, as a public official, would have far greater power than a regular citizen. With power, comes responsibility, and part of that responsibility is being more than "just legal" or forcing people to assume it might have been out of context which is why I find that Hillary (and yes, Trump too) is unfit for the presidency.
A. Alright, fine, maybe not the best example. How about his tax returns and all the allegations about them? He is being asked to release them to prove that he doesn't have dealings with Russia and that he didn't donate to NAMBLA. Those returns were filed under the assumption that they were private and would stay that way. Or what about all the people who talk about incidents made behind closed doors. Or his sexual assault accusations, should we assume that because he did those in private and those accusing him have something to gain there is probably some positive context? B. There isn't a mandate of any sort. This is like anytime someone is taken out of context. It is up to the person being taken out of context to fill everyone in. You can't say "that was private" and have everyone forget about it. The reason why the boss analogy falls apart is because no one is demanding that she hand over these (almost certainly nonexistent) emails that provide "context". The only one who has that as their self interest in Clinton. No one is forcing her to release more emails, but if she wants us to believe that there is a better context then she has to offer convincing proof that is the case. Why should the default position be that there is some context that makes it sound better instead of accepting only what has been demonstrated? C. In the case of a public official where there is evidence I'm not going to simply assume that their might be evidence or some context that puts what they said or did in a better light unless they can demonstrate that. These emails aren't some random allegation. This is like in court if the prosecution has evidence that appears to show beyond a reasonable doubt that you're guilty. It then is up to you to cast doubt upon such evidence as your defense. I'm not asking her to prove that she didn't do something, I'm asking her to show the evidence she did it isn't convincing. You'd be right here only if it was simply Hillary's word versus someone else's word. The problem is that there is no reason to suppose that there is some broader context to these emails or that they are not legitimate. The big difference between this and a court case is burden of proof. In a court you have to demonstrate that someone is guilty "beyond a reasonable doubt" and typically I like to extend this favor to people in the public domain. The problem is that Hillary, as a public official, would have far greater power than a regular citizen. With power, comes responsibility, and part of that responsibility is being more than "just legal" or forcing people to assume it might have been out of context which is why I find that Hillary (and yes, Trump too) is unfit for the presidency.
The current leak is from her campaign manager's personal account which has never been claimed to have classified information nor is it subject to FOIA requests.
My whole point was that there is nothing stopping her from releasing additional context if she wants to as none of the emails are classified. I'm aware the Podesta emails aren't subject to FOIA, it is my understanding the same can't be said for the ones she had on her private server as SoS which is really what I meant to refer to.
You don't seem at all concerned that a private citizens accounts were hacked and released for the world to see by a foreign government simply because of his association with someone they don't like? Kind of amazing.
First of all, Podesta is a public figure, not a private citizen. Second, I don't really get how your point has anything to do with what I said in this comment. Thirdly, what Russia did wasn't right. Just as what the US regularly does with the NSA isn't right. The problem is that the cat is out of the bag. If you saw a video of a crime that was captured when the criminal (not implying Clinton is a criminal here, just an example) had the expectation of privacy independent of any legal rulings on the legality of that video you would still say that person was a criminal.
> First of all, Podesta is a public figure, not a private citizen. False. > Second, I don't really get how your point has anything to do with what I said in this comment. Of course you don't. > Thirdly, what Russia did wasn't right. Just as what the US regularly does with the NSA isn't right. The problem is that the cat is out of the bag. If you saw a video of a crime that was captured when the criminal (not implying Clinton is a criminal here, just an example) had the expectation of privacy independent of any legal rulings on the legality of that video you would still say that person was a criminal. False equivalency and the second part is a strawman. Please save your verbal gymnastics for the idiots in your life that let you get away with your word vomit.
> The current leak is from her campaign manager's personal account which has never been claimed to have classified information nor is it subject to FOIA requests. This speaks pretty directly and unambiguously to the motivation of the Wikileaks people, doesn't it? This isn't about some high-minded principle, it's manipulation.
Especially so when you consider that Trump's emails were hacked and handed to wikileaks, but they've chosen to not release any of that.
Yes. Ask yourself why another country would interfear with our election against Hillary Clinton and for Trump. It's because they believe he'll be a terible leader.
terrible leader for Russia not for the United States lol
You got that backwards. Russia wants him in for a reason that doesn't dovetail with our better interests. We all saw how easily he can be baited & manipulated.
That's what I was saying!!
Except that's not what you said.
I meant Donald is in Russia's best interests to be president. If Donald's president they feel like they can start to take over Europe.
If you asked Hillary Clinton what her favorite pizza was, she'd tell you about all the burgers she's eaten.
And Donald Trump would tell you about something unrelated to food at all.
I'm going to have the best tax reform ever seen. Sir we're taking about healthcare.
Donald would whisper "wrong" into the microphone and make a face like he's getting his prostate checked
And if you asked Trump he will says that he never eat Pizza his entire life, but you can actually sees that he is holding Domino's receipt in his hands and Pizza Hut's have caught him on camera eating pizzas. Later, a tape will show that he said something about "Grabbing pizza by the crumby". He will then apologize for it but still insist that he haven't eat pizza before.
[Proof.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvp-XMqnh-g)
Beautiful
[deleted]
The guy said he wouldn't support the Presidential elect if it wasn't him. I'm surprised people can watch the debate and say "yeah, I want more of that!" holy shit balls. Thank you so much republicans, you picked a guy who encourages violence, racism, and misogyny. Bra-fucking-vo. You could have picked literally anyone else on that stage of 17 horrible candidates, and it would have been a better pick for this country. I hate Fiorina, I think Carson is an idiot, I think Christy a well spoken crook, but good god I know they would accept the election results and not threaten violence.
Most republicans agree with what you just said. They just vote party and that happens to be trump.
So you didn't watch the debate?
I did and man can I just not pick a side
You mean *sub*.
Lol yeah it's the whole sub
The inevitable result of having to watch Trump speak for an hour and a half.
Saying Trump lost when he obviously did = anti-trump
many people dislike trump many people watched debate those that already disliked trump mostly thought he did poorly most of those people in this thread
Sums it up pretty good
All the debates - Hillary/Donald: "my opponent is the worst person to ever run for president!!" The entire country: "you're not wrong"
This was interesting. Best moderator, and better performance from both candidates.
kaleigh, you look like a porn star tonight.
I'd hit it.
Calm Down, Donald!
that kayleigh is fit as fuck... and in that pvc dress... damn... we never get that in the uk
Something the left and right can agree on.
i'd go in the middle for her...
I think she's in the X-Men.
i'd love to see her mutation...
yeah but that mind though
i know... maybe i can stab my own ears...
tru dat
ugh, gross. i can't imagine having to have a conversation with her
whattttt come on appriciate we just rather old women on our panel shows...
I love when they go to their undecided ret-uh voters.
So the plan is to take Syria after Mosul? What a war hawk!
John King saying Republican campaigns in Florida, NH, Ohio are all saying Trump's refusing to say he'd concede was terrible.
[Clinton to predominantly Hispanic crowd in North Las Vegas, Bill by her side: "our family will support your family"](https://twitter.com/jeneps/status/788957884281257984)
This black cowboy on Fox News just said it was a TKO for Trump. Bahaha.
The sheriff? Edit: see it answered immediately below
I hope people realize that because someone deflected the question it doesn't excuse the candidate from hiding the truth of what they actually did. The whole political process is insulting to the idea of freedom of choice. "I'm only going to respond to questions that make me sound good." Someone wins because they didn't answer the question about how they took money from a foreign entity in exchange for favors. That's complete stupidity. They just assume the American people are stupid enough to not understand why they don't want to answer the question.
I can't help but think that Rubio would've been leading by 4 points at this point in the process
Rubio got his shit kicked in by Trump. Why on Earth do you think he would do better against (a much stronger) Clinton?
Rubio would have creamed Hillary. For one, he would have gotten a larger %age of woman, a larger %age of the millenials, a larger %age of college-educated, a larger %age of hispanics and of course most of the republican base, if not all of them
During the primaries, every candidate *except* Trump was winning in head-to-head polls against Clinton. The republicans had their solution, but instead of going with someone who can be an adult about the issues, they treated their primary like reality TV.
And yet, you think those same block of voters would choose Rubio over Clinton...
The same bloc of voters that said they would vote Rubio over Clinton? Yes, absolutely I believe they would have. Don't forget that there was a point at which the polls were tightening and the race was close even with Trump as the candidate. If he hadn't blown that momentum with his own words and actions, we'd still be looking at a highly-contested race, despite all the other awful things he's said and done. So in other words, all the republican party needed to win was someone who wouldn't stick their foot in their mouth *quite as much* as Donald Trump.
Head 2 head polls are NEVER valid before the actual general. This is well known by pollsters. Stop with spreading this bullshit.
They're the only valid thing we can look at as predictors for what *might have* happened. I just can't believe any of the other previous candidates have as many skeletons in their closets as Donald Trump does.
They aren't valid. They aren't predictors. The second half of [This](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/mar/08/bernie-s/bernie-sanders-says-he-consistently-beats-donald-t/) article, and [538](http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/a-year-out-ignore-general-election-polls/) shed some light. Polls that far out, without actually having people running in the General, are mostly useless.
For the republican party, Hillary Clinton is the most hated candidate to ever run, so you know she'll mobilize the republican base to vote against her. Then it's just a matter of grabbing a little more than half of undecideds. Trump didn't manage to sway basically anyone outside of his base, and you have to believe that any of the other republican candidates would have done better in that regard. I'm not guaranteeing they would've won necessarily, although I believe that would've been likely, but they would have done **better.**
The divides within the republicans party are surprisingly deep
They ended up lining up behind Trump like lemmings anyway - minus some genuinely principled conservatives.
because the simple minded people who like his bullying tactics were able to get him through the primaries but obviously aren't enough to get to the white house as well soon find out
I'm sorry, but the math just doesn't work. If Rubio got so steamrolled by Trump, he wouldn't have stood a chance against Hillary.
No, MISMO is correct. Trump "won" Republican debates because of his tactics, but those same tactics are less effective in one on one debates and the audience being the general election voters.
He had more support with Republicans than Rubio... the same people that would have to be voting for him now...
It would have been a different batch of the electorate, maybe more, maybe less. I think it is hard to guess. The Donald is such a weird figure in American politics. He grabbed a bunch of support from *cough* deplorables *cough* that wouldn't have come out otherwise. Rubio also doesn't strike me as the kind of guy to sexually harass a bunch of women, so that attack against the Clintons might have worked. But lets dismiss this idea that Rubio knows what he's doing, he clearly doesn't know what he's doing. I doubt any sort of party rallies around a Rubio presidency.
All of the excitement and energy that Trump had at the beginning of the General would have been nowhere to be found with Rubio or Cruz. They would have had to scratch and claw their way to November 8th. The Republican party does not represent even half of our country, so they are having a lot of trouble finding a candidate that can match the big tent Democrats. Rubio certainly wasn't that guy.
Even the Clinton campaign was scared of Rubio, people would have fallen in line once the primaries were over and the GOP marketing machine was in full swing, trumps "energy" is exactly what's undoing him now
Trump's supporters would almost certainly have fallen in line with the Republican candidate if Trump had lost. It's not like they'd be off in the Clinton camp all of a sudden. Then again, Rubio is Hispanic.
He's one of the "good" ones though (white)
Rubio would have the same problem as Trump. He can't unite his own party. Alt right loves Trump, but the moderate repubs hate him. For Rubio, the moderates would support Rubio, whereas the hardcore alt right part of the group would reject him, splitting the party. No GOP candidate can win without uniting his own party.
yeah but the far right republicans are older people that vote very consistently
I'm hearing that Trump is planning on suing over defamation of character after this debate.
Lmaoooo delusional woman on CNN just said "the dack is stecked against him"
So policy question. The one troubling thing from HRC that I heard tonight was that she wouldn't add a penny to the debt, but when asked about the debt to GDP increase going up under her plan she didn't really answer the question. The debt ratio can only go up under two conditions: a) By increasing debt and b) by shrinking GDP... I get that she can sidestep the question and that it's safe to assume she would in fact increase the debt I just don't like that she doubled down on the 'add a penny' line.
She might be saying won't increase the debt "more than it already would". I've seen both- some rate her plan as increasing the debt, some are neutral, but neutral means staying on the path we have now (which would increase the debt-and I assume potentially debt/gdp) It's a bit legalese, but technically not false. Edit: Might also be bad if we do have a recession or something.she wouldn't want a "don't read my lips" moment,but you don't campaign on a potential recession,even if a president has basically nothing to do with it. Not like you can run on "some economists are predicting a recession in the next 4 years, vote for me"
Yea were not here to talk policy much, just make fun of Kayleigh and Lord and you'll do fine in this thread.
She's not adding a penny to it, but the interest will accrue. That's what I got from her answer. That's why the percentage of the GDP will change, just from the interest.
It would come from the current deficit. It's a bit complicated, but she's saying everything she adds in her budget plans would be paid for. However, we are currently running a deficit. You can't just balance the budget overnight it has to take time.
I think what she meant was that her plan won't increase the deficit. So while the debt will increase, it won't be because of her plan (i.e. it won't increase more than it would without her plan). It's a little misleading but technically accurate I guess.
I support Hillary, but the problem with her answer is that she attempts to pay for any new spending, but the country is already running a deficit, and that deficit is constantly contributing to the national debt. So even if you don't spend one additional dime, the existing deficit will still grow the debt.
Yes, I noticed that. But I think what she was saying was *her* policies won't add a penny to the debt. Remember that all Presidents inherit the past - so if she wins, she inherits policies which will continue for some time which add to debt. I suspect it was a clever way of saying - she's not gonna keep adding to it. I thought she did answer it well enough though. It is tough to put all your thought into a 2 min answer with killer words and avoiding gotchas and major gasps etc. She is clearly very smart and very savvy to be President and I think she will do extremely well
I'm assuming add a penny refers to increasing the rate at which the debt increases. I'm willing to bet the projections for the increase in the debt-to-GDP ratio are assuming constant 1.5% growth and a deficit of 2.5% of GDP. I don't know the exact percentage of the increase mentioned in the debate, but I'd gladly do a little guesstimating if you could provide the numbers.
I didn't catch it, the only debt ceiling number I pay attention to is the 105% max ceiling (that might still be ok for us given our size) that John Greene talked about in a youtube video. It just struck me as odd, but it makes sense given the trajectory ,interest and such.
Neither of them answered. I wanted one too. I'll just go with her moderate increase to trumps insane one.
Hers is pretty simple: She won't increase the deficit, but she won't decrease it either, so we'll still be running our current levels of deficit yearly, hence increasing the debt.
Thank you
I don't know. I get why. There does need to be a conversation in this country about how government debt =/= private debt. I don't want her to die on that cross if it will block her from office.
She literally could have said "Pass" to that and every question tonight and would have won the debate.
Indeed, but her response is way more coherent than Trump's. And at worst we still have 85% Debt/GDP rather than 105% projected with Trump.
Her plan wouldn't add anything to the deficit we're currently running. But since we are still currently running a deficit, the debt will continue to grow.
Chris Wallace: "Mr. Trump can you talk about Roe v. Wade and your pro-life stance" DT: “You can make tampons. I know that’s lady business and I don’t want to get too mixed up in the lady business, but you can buy bulk cotton, string, and plastic tubing at the Hammer Shack for a LOT less than those big tampon companies charge. That kind of savings can be the difference between eating chicken for dinner instead of Chicken of the Sea. And it’s a thoughtful thing to make ‘em for the wife, you know? Shows you’re sensitive to that sort of thing.”
Ok I actually missed the debate... but please tell me this is a parody and not an actual word for word transcription!?
Yeah, he is not THAT stupid...but close!
See... its so hard to tell these days... I read one transcript from the last debate where he was talking about nuclear weapons and he went on a rambling story that was as irrelevant and incoherent as what you have posted.... So thought I would ask just to be sure!
I hear ya. That is the only positive in this election is the comedic aspect. You can write anything and attribute it to Trump and people will find it plausible.
Fucking deplorables.
[removed]
You are talking about melania the great whore right?
ivanka trump - the only thing that could make me vote for someone with the surname trump...
List of people I would like to see run for President ahead of these 2 jokers - 1. Sanders 2. Obama, Barack 3. Obama, Michelle 4. Me Edit: I mean at the final stage.
Ill second that
Two of them have.
I think it's more than clear that Hillary won this one. 2-1 Hillary.
Trump lost the second debate as well.
Trump had a better night then he did last time. Caveat: so did Clinton, by a long shot
3-0 Hillary if you go by the polls.
A lot of people give him the second because while he still lost in the polls he still got the "most improved" superlative participation trophy lol
There's no "most improved" in a presidential race, Donald Trump, I'm sorry my dear you're up for elimination.
Now, sashay away.
Not before he LSFYL with Jill Stein! I would pay so much to see that lol
Ehhhhh. I mean his actual polls did worse after the second debate as well. Hard to untangle that from his misogynistic comments that were caught on tape though.
Because in reality its 3-0, but they needed a comeback narrative.
They like to treat politics like it's a reality show, though most focus groups and scientific polls showed him losing.
What a dog shit debate
That was something...
Should've won it.
I'll be honest, my attention was slipping in and out. What were the bombshell defining moments?
For me when hillary was talking about trump using his charities money to buy a huge portrait of himself. "Who does that" made me damn near slip my water out.
There weren't really any "bombshell" moments. Hillary had a couple of really incredible and impressive answers. Trump's made absolutely no sense but there was nothing too horrific compared to what we've seen in the past.
What a debate.
Was that Evan McMullin in there?
Make America Fairer Again
...and do it "bigly".
Really bloody debate, just insane amounts of trading blows.
I missed most of it. Googled earlier when the debate starts and google said 1030est. I guess I should have fact checked.
Does anyone know how long until it is uploaded online? I missed it due to work.
Facebook and Twitter were streaming it, so it might be available immediately on those platforms.
I'm at work. Who won the debate?
Depends which polls you follow, online anonymous polls or actual scientific ones?
Hilary was composed and knew every detail. Trump had a couple of rehearsed lines that he used the entire debate. Hilary won.
Clinton. Trump didn't answer a single question with actual information - and he called her "A nasty woman" after saying how much he respects women, and wouldn't say whether or not he'd accept the results of the election.
Hilldawg.
Hillary by a landslide. Trump outright said that he'd overturn roe v wade, called Hillary 'nasty', and said that there was no knowing if he'd accept the results of the election when asked point blank. He also repeated a number of lies that he's perpetuated (like Warren Buffet also using the tax loophole despite Buffet publishing his returns to show that wasn't the case). Hillary pivoted on a few answers and repeated phrases about improving the economy and middle class, but knocked four of the responses out of the park. It was a lot more political and serious of a debate than the other debates, I think the moderator did a fairly good job at being straightforward.
Clinton by a significant margin, and despite Wallace softballing some leading questions to Hillary for Trump to run with. If Trump maintained his composure he could have had a really good debate performance, instead he rose to the bait and largely babbled the same nonsense he's been peddling at the other debates: Every answer is just about how NAFTA was "the worst", "the Iran deal was the worst", "we have to stop ISIS". For bonus points Hillary even baited him with a line that was anti-Reagan, and Trump was too wrapped up in countering everything she said to even realize it was a trap. The last five minutes of the debate had Trump saying that he disagreed with Reagan, which is pretty much the anti-thesis of a traditional Republican wisdom.
Trump did way better this time but he stilled seemed unprepared for some questions. They both regurgitated the same lines. Clinton won overall. Trump won if you take into account how low expectations were.
Us, because it's the last one
Chris Wallace
Trump will be my Kalki
They're getting off task and talking about Bush...
Entertaining
Chuck Todd's goatee reigns supreme.
hahahaha you cannot polish this turd....
Gloria going off on Jeffrey Lorde
Lmao wtf Van
Oh hai Lester
CNN just said "You cant polish this turd" Holy shit lmao.
What a total shitfest.
You're making that up. Lmao I love Cooper
who's the woman in the pink talking now on CNN??
kayleigh mcenany
Kayleigh McEnany
such a nice face/body such a shame on the republican stance...
Trump Cock-Whore #2
amen!
McEnany wouldn't be my first choice
CNN is crazy
Kellyanne coming onto ABC soon.
They're starting up the Mickey Mouse Club again?
Where is this video she's babbling about where Hillary Clinton sent people to vote under the names of dead people?
I think she's talking about the [James Okeefe videos.](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/news/james-okeefe-voter-fraud/)
Just google James O'keefe and you'll see why nobody takes it serously.
Sir?
This blonde gal is a terrible girlfriend by the way.
Castro = Putin. Sure. In what world?
CigarWorld?
Wtf is going on behind the people on CNN?
I suspect Trump supporters knows it's over and are about to lash out. -Bigly-
Tinfoil Hat Brigade
Hahahahah!
What is all this about a butler anyway?
Chuck Todd is starting to look sickly. He needs to stop losing weight before he gets that bobble head like Al Sharpton.
Everyone is saying Megyn is kicking ass but she just seems like a big whiner.
Some bad hungrys? ¿Hambres?
Does anyone have a replay link handy?
what is her problem wtf
Seek Jesus? Very succinct way to get your point across about border security. Bravo.
I think he meant 'Sikh Jesus'
This raises so many questions.
Sikh and ye shall find, baby!
Based on the photo in the live feed from the Detroit Free press, does Donald Trump have something wrong with his ear?
Kellyanne on MSNBC looks like she needs a nap
damn, you aren't kidding.
What happened to Giuliani's glasses?
[deleted]
For a second I thought somebody was supporting George Wallace 2020. Then I remembered that the bastard was dead. I felt better after that.
George Wallace 2016 Wait that's Trump
Hah. No.
I give up. I'm going to go talk to yeezie
Jeff Lord is beneath Jeff Lord
is there anywhere to watch CNN's post debate coverage?
If you have the Tune In radio app, you can listen to it.
I was watching on YouTube
you tube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2f8KEJinwAI&list=PLU12uITxBEPFRWknk4-YRDmvlva0qfpvr&index=13
CNN
What's up with the woman behind Guliani holding up a sign with his name on it?
In the Spin Room that's how they identify the surrogates for all the media there.
Even Ted Bundy got fans in jail
She's helping. He forgets who he is sometimes.
Are they all screaming Fuck Barack? I think that's what they're chanting...
lock her up pretty sure its that
Hillary can't be a nasty woman because then Bill never would've cheated on her! /s
Shitting things only happen to shitty people. It's proof that someone is a PoS when something bad happens to them.
what is the crowd chanting?
Don-ald Trump
As I type this, "Donald Trump"
Donald Trump.
they are chanting DONALD TRUMP on cnn
This is the beginning of the end. We're not a country anymore.
Haha yes, I was so moved by the debate I guess I waxed poetic.
Don't jump on me because I'm Canadian, but what's the big deal whether Trump accepts the results or not? Or is it just normal procedure?
I should have added that he may also be able tie the system up with a bunch of lawsuits.
It is the norm. It is classy. It is not necessary. It is worrying because Trump has stirred up a lot of crazy folks and not conceding may incite those people toward bad actions or at least leave them questioning the results.
> incite those people toward bad actions Tell me about it!! [Dem operative 'stepping back' after video suggests group incited violence at Trump rallies](http://www.cnn.com/2016/10/18/politics/project-veritas-action-robert-creamer-donald-trump-rallies/)
Except the 2000 recount...
Bullshit. At no point did Al Gore go around everywhere saying the election was rigged. He even just about conceded to early. He was as gentlemanly as anyone on that position ever could have been. Trump throws fire bombs everywhere all the time constantly besmirching America and Americans.
Cheers for that - good luck on Nov 8.
To elaborate, there are two problems: 1) You rile up enough people with talk about how the evil is taking over, and some of them are going to take it seriously enough to "fight back". This is the form of a lot of terrorist attacks, they're not taking orders from a leader, they're self-radicalizing. Statistically predictable, but individually unpredictable. 2) Imagine this becomes normal for the Republican Party. They claim fraud every time it looks like they're losing. Then imagine it's a Republican *President* who's not getting reelected. And he, commander-in-chief of the military, says "I won't accept these voting results." That is one way democracies die. Democracies need the losers to accept defeat and the winners not to persecute the losers. As a side note, the US Civil War was triggered when the formerly dominant slave power refused to accept Lincoln's election. That wasn't the cause, but that's what set it off.
Trump seems to be a master of double think.
[Trump's a fan of 00's Aussie indie bands.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y326vE8d3ys&ab_channel=RemoteControlRecords)
Four minutes :)
A few observations about Clinton... 1 - Gun control: I was disappointed not to hear here specifically mention assault riffle. She brings in the accidents involving kids instead. Yes that is a problem, but wouldn't really justify banning assault riffle - only to have to keep them locked. If this is really what she believes, than she won't solve that issue in the US - she will just add mild constraints & another band-aid. Or is she just being pragmatic? Perhaps this example is brought to convince moderates pro-gun? 2 - Abortion: She supports woman's right to choose, but the example is a case of rape or health danger to the woman. She doesn't defend it as a human right (which it is). Again, is she being a pragmatic that brings forward examples that she thinks are more likely to convince neutrals/open-minded pro-life? Or is this really the only why Hillary Clinton supports abortion's right? Then she finishes by "the government has not business in the decisions that woman make with their families". This to be is also a formulation that is more likely to catch the attention of conservatives (e.g. they want to minimize government interventions in people's life). Yet on the other hand, she genuinely seems passionate about this issue. The moments in which she seemed the most passionate were towards the end, so it wasn't a pre-scripted answers to a probably question, it was in the flow of the discussion. That leads me to think she may then be pragmatic with her examples rather than being the ones that actually motivates her to act on this issue. Maybe she does think that this is a human right issue and isn't limited only in rape cases or health issues. 3- Immigration. Her examples about the cold logistics involved in deporting undocumented immigrants (putting people on trains, etc) is quite good. Her answers was more convincing: they need a path to citizenship. She said clearly what would immigration reform be focused on. More convincing than on abortion & gun control.
4 - Deportations: clever attack by Clinton. Linking the specific issue (undocumented) with Trump through using them to become rich. Nobody cares today what Regan or Bush thought about it however.
so, uh.... Is it a huge deal that clinton just revealed how long a nuclear attack takes? I'm Australian and when I heard that I thought "oh shit, what did she just say?"
lol I thought that too. But I guess that isnt that sensitive of information.
Pretty common knowledge over here
The Nuclear bombing world record was set by Bob Wilson in 1945, he completed a successful bombing of Nagasaki in 4 minutes in 15 seconds. The previous record was set by Rick Springfield, who completed the bombing of Hiroshima in about 4 minutes 35 seconds; just the day prior actually.
Anybody who has ever read Tom Clancy knows all that stuff. That type of information is in the public domain but it's just not widely advertised. Hell, I learned the basics of nuclear weaponry from Tom Clancy's book Sum of All Fears and at the end of the book he even has a small disclaimer about all the information in the book because he goes into such detail about it. You too can learn all about nuclear bombs on google if you really want to bore yourself senseless.
It's actually just physics; throwing objects into an elliptical orbit designed to intersect the surface of the Earth at X,000 miles from the launch point. Once you know the distance you need the missile to travel, the time falls out of the equation.
It's not that big of a deal. You could read about launch protocols on Wikipedia (and I suggest you do, it's actually pretty fascinating), and realize it's not an instantaneous thing. At the end of the day, any nuclear attack isn't instantaneous. And even if it is, it's not going to knock out the nuclear capabilities of the US (see [Raven Rock](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raven_Rock_Mountain_Complex)). 4 minutes isn't long, especially in terms of MAD. Basically, the US is secretive about the tech of our nuclear program, but the basics are open to all.
Nah. Reasonably common knowledge if you're curious. [Article's about Trump and nukes](http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/06/2016-donald-trump-nuclear-weapons-missiles-nukes-button-launch-foreign-policy-213955) but it does a good job talking about what that scenario means.
Probably not. There was a 60 minutes segment a few months ago where the head of STRATCON said pretty much the same thing
Nah. Honestly our nuclear protocols are pretty open and public because they help with deterrence.
It's not like a huge secret.
It's general knowledge here. Or at least it isn't a secret.
No, it's common knowledge
It's pretty well known, actually. It's been known since the cold war.
[deleted]
Hahahaha nice try, the liberals here will deny any such bias exists.
bias sure, but it's every week it seems Trump says something vulgar or something from his past pops up.
Yes he feeds the beast with his moronic actions. However I do feel the media will give more time to some gossip about him vs major leaks and other things that are more relevant.
Its biased because almost no single thing Trump did is positive. Its not the media fault if he went twitter rant at 3 AM.
Hilary is a liar but at least she can form linear and coherent thoughts. Donald trumps crazy bullshit has taken on new and exciting levels that have even turned his followers against the press at his rallies. I supported Obama in 2008 and 2012. I didn't like McCain or Romney but atleast they knew what the fuck they were talking about and didn't rely on ad hominem attacks. Donald trump relies on ad hominem attacks because he's to fucking stupid to learn policy . The media is biased against him because he's a fucking joke and no one not even the media wants to be on the wrong side of history.
I love that you think the reason it isn't "even" is because of "bias" and not because Donald Trump is aggressively unfit to be President of the United States and spends almost every day courting controversy. I guess you would rather they report on debunked stories from years ago? I guess you would have them "keep things even" when one candidate is championing facism? Donald Trump can't make it through a 90 minuted debate without blatantly misleading people at least 30 times, but yes, everyone is against you because of "bias against Trump." You do realize you can have a negative opinion on something without it being biased, correct? What you're asking is how come the Cleveland Browns don't get the type of positive coverage as the New England Patriots.
I think it's just more the fact that theres just way more bad things to report about Trump than there is for Hillary. Like in the past 2 months, what has Hillary actively done that's any sort of real scandal? Then look at trump...
He said Obama "signed the start-up." Uh, it's called "the new start." What a moron.
[deleted]
Nobody cares about you, or what happens to you.
Nearly every website you visit is an American website. In other words, GTFO
Lol what? I disagree with OP but there isn't any reason to believe this is true whatsoever.
Blame Canada.
This one's all on you guys.
With all their beady little eyes
And their flappy heads.
That movie has songs you can use almost anywhere. God has smiled upon you this day. A fate of a nation in your handsssssssss.
I'm sorry, but we aren't sharing our leader :/
You're on an American website, bitching about the biggest newsworthy story in America right now. GTFO.
Name checks out.
I mean, your on r/politics, what did you expect?
Should be called r/usPolitics.
should be called r/hillary
It's an American thread on an American website on the Internet that was invented and developed by Americans. Why should it be qualified?
thanks for sharing
You think we're happy about this shit?
The best debate of the three. Both candidates seemed a bit more relaxed and comfortable, both acted more or less as you'd expect. They tried to paint the other as an evil opposite, but unfortunately I think they might be closer to one another than they let on. Nothing's black and white, I guess.
I mean one thing to remember was that until recent years Trump was a Democrat, it isn't hard to imagine they could share some views, and that they share them may be why they aren't brought up much.
Fuck that. He, and every DieHard Republican in this country, would like nothing more than to set us back 50 years and he just said, word for word, that's exactly what they intend to do first thing if he wins. No thanks. I feel crazy now for calling the Republicans of the last 15 years crazy.. I would take Mitt Romney any day over Trump and that's a scary thought.
Kailey wearing Latex/Rubber. Soooo hot.
Well it is Vegas, when in Rome.
FRANK LUNTZ focus group on who won tonight's debate: • 14 say Trump • 12 say Clinton • 4 say it was a draw.
If is anywhere near close in a Frank Luntz focus group, then its a decisive victory for democrats.
Luntz is an asshole! Sorry, every time I hear his name, I'm brought back to that episode of Bullshit where someone just drive by yells at him. Edit: Actually, the driver shouted, "Hey Luntz, you're an idiot!" Close enough.
What did [he](https://media2.giphy.com/media/on7ZptHWzXNZu/200_s.gif) do?
Is there really a decent Candidate to vote for... I'm really getting tired of the only choice being the best of the worst... Come on we have got to be able to have a better choice than this.
Speak for yourself. To me, Hillary is a great candidate.
For north korea maybe...
Some nerve to say that after she humiliated your clown of a candidate last night...
Keep lying to yourself if it makes you sleep better.. She ran from every question and sounded like a conspiracy nut blaming all of her (and the DNC) corruption on Russia.
>Keep lying to yourself if it makes you sleep better.. What is it with you guys and [projection?](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/) Also, [does this look like a winner to you?](https://twitter.com/TUSK81/status/789134196614631425?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw) Sigh... And I also have to add, [Conspiracies? Really?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DsmEu-Ia3Oc)
Glade you feel that way I'm not saying she's good or bad... Just we need better options.
Thats what the Primary was for
Interesting the polls are saying Hillary won. Even if it's just a draw, that's a win for Hillary given all the land mines she walked in against with the O'Keefe tape and Wikileaks.
Any poll that says Clinton won by less than 40% is total trash. That was the worst slaughters I have ever witnessed in a debate.
Donald isn't intelligent, articulate or focused enough to make those kinds of attacks stick.
He had a golden opportunity to hit her clearly with the "birddog" video, and the FBI declassification thing, and whiffed it, was incoherent, and reverted to the deleted emails line, which is a wrung out attack at this point. Trump is the pretty much the only thing protecting the country from a republican agenda at this point.
Must've been watching different debates.
Please down vote me I wanna see if we can get me to 0 or negative before night is over.
Whateva. I do what I want. *upvotes*
["I like to grab Putin by the puppet"](http://i.imgur.com/j6xMllT.jpg)
your husband disagrees
I think this debate will probably be scored as the most even of debates. But, this is probably the least watched of the 3 debates, and I don't think it will move the needle too much.
He needs to bend Chinese style!
I <3 u Huma
I can't wait until CNN finally guts her from the panel.
So I can just picture Hillary and Obama in a secret meeting, telling all of their underlings whom they have just paid 1,500 dollars...(Deviously) "Cause fights! Be violent! Do bad things!" (laughs menacingly)
Baiting Trump supporters into showing how unhinged and violent they are does not equal voter fraud. What it does do is show people how far on the lunatic fringe people are who support him.
As I recall, he was the one doing violence-baiting was Trump himself.
I think Trump is wrong to say the election is rigged because it implies that there is significant enough voter fraud to swing the election against him. I really doubt this is the case, even if the O'Keefe video is accurate. However, I do think the media is rigged. Just look at the coverage of his lewd tape vs. numerous Hillary scandals such as the podesta emails. I'm not a Trump fan, but I don't know how anyone can honestly say the coverage about their various scandals hasn't been slanted in Hillary's favor.
Have you not seen the two videos that have come out exposing the clinton campaign of doing exactly this. Rigging the system? So what do you say to that?
I think even if this is happening, it's probably not at the scale to swing the election as much as a biased media could. I also think the biased media claim is almost impossible to refute.
But they are actively breaking the law and swinging the vote! And you see this as addmisable??? This is whats wront with America. Either you are blind, you dont give a shit or a combination of both. Edit. The second video put out even has 'mass voter fraud' in the title. MASS. Edit edit. https://youtu.be/hDc8PVCvfKs Id say there is defenitly enough evidence. You are blind if you think otherwise. Just watch that video.
Videos are a horrible way to "prove" an argument, as they're emotional and elide over details. If something can really be proven, it can be proven in writing.
Holy shit yall are fucked up.
I know, we're so biased in favor of sound analysis, it's ridiculous.
The evidence is in front of you. Her campaign members said they have been a part of election fraud. They addmited to it. Seriously, what else do you need to see to understand whats going on? They ARE rigging the system and have been so for 50 years.
There's not enough evidence to suggest voter fraud has ever been a significant problem in America. And basing your opinions off of heavily edited videos really doesn't help your credibility. Real journalists release the raw, unedited footage.
You all are full of shit.
Gonna need better sources than that. ;) Here are some of mine: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2014/08/06/a-comprehensive-investigation-of-voter-impersonation-finds-31-credible-incidents-out-of-one-billion-ballots-cast/ https://www.brennancenter.org/issues/voter-fraud http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/study-finds-no-evidence-widespread-voter-fraud-n637776
A tape with a candidate talking about grabbing pussy is not the same as the content leaked from the transcripts. Not even close.
"Unless they are in the 9th trimester" fucking genius kayleigh fucking genius
Someone on CNN please slap Kayleigh McEnany and ask her to be quiet
Surprised a porno hasn't been made about this election year yet.
Oh, there has been. Donald Tramp, [as reviewed by the cinema snob](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GN2jTQ0oFw8&ab_channel=StonedGremlinProductions)
Brazzers..
One need only google
*Trump Fills Hill.*
You're just not looking hard enough.
kayleigh mcenany van jones I'd watch that
NSFW: http://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=ph57696d53e2ac8
Welp stand corrected edit: my god wtf lol the wigs are too much.
Amazing
There is one.
Not surprised... I quit porn this year so I wouldn't know anymore
I'm sure it has.
There's been at least one.
We'll see it on November 8th when Trump takes it up the ass
Can someone explain to me why Saudi Arabia would even donate so much money to the Clinton Foundation if the Foundation works in part to advance women's rights? Seems like they had other goals in mind...
Saudi Arabia is a country with a range of political opinions like any other. In fact the dominant voice of the ruling Royal family is on Saudi Arabia's left. But the family is also very large and some of then are heavily involved with the Salafis.
It's so they can say, "Hey look! We're donating to organization that supports human rights. That means we aren't baddies!" It's basic PR, and it probably wasn't that much money, relative to what the Saudis have. Millions is peanuts.
It is not Saudi Arabia as a total, it is a few of the (many) princes that have contributed.
Trump won against a divided field in the primaries, he is mono on mono here.
mano a mano spanish, means man on man mono, something else entirely
I know that means hand to hand, but the expression is usually used for one on one in the english world
Mano a mano means Hand to Hand.
Alright, hombre.
Nope, they both have mono.
Monkey on monkey isn't exactly wrong either.
It actually means "hand to hand."
They're obviously confusing it with the title of a gay porno.
I love that the college kids are out and passionate about the election...but come on guys, shut the hell up, pleaaase.
l don't mind the animated exuberance of College Game Day, but political commentary panels should be held indoors
I don't think those are college kids.
They're on the UNLV campus, I just assumed. I'm glad people in general are, anyway. But still.
These are national events, a lot of people who have absolutely nothing to do with the school have probably descended down there because of this.
[Kellyanne Conway Right Now](https://img.buzzfeed.com/buzzfeed-static/static/2015-08/27/12/enhanced/webdr15/anigif_enhanced-buzz-30689-1440691617-6.gif)
Trump looked a bit sweaty toward the end.
Doesn't have the stamina
wahay there's that great american heroine - sarah palin!!
GET HER DANA! t-1000 mode. Run her down!
Grabbing pussies doesn't make Trump a "nasty man" that's just locker room fun.
"you cannot polish a turd" Vance Jones
According to the Oct. 7 statement by U.S. intelligence officials: “The U.S. Intelligence Community (USIC) is confident that the Russian Government directed the recent compromises of e-mails from US persons and institutions, including from US political organizations. The recent disclosures of alleged hacked e-mails on sites like DCLeaks.com and WikiLeaks and by the Guccifer 2.0 online persona are consistent with the methods and motivations of Russian-directed efforts. These thefts and disclosures are intended to interfere with the US election process.” Mary Louise Kelly NPR National Security Correspondent
Does the blonde lady not know not what "hypothetica" means?
I'm strangely attracted to this crazy woman on CNN.
the one wearing a tight burgundy leather dress while talking about how donald kicked ass?
I know right?
One of the best women in latex I've seen all night.
Same tbh
You'll need to be more specific.
The hot blonde in the latex.
The only thing they got on her was Pay-For-Play
And the best part? Trump interrupted then and changed the direction of the debate
CNN quoting LL Cool J now smh...
Ha Ha White hair is a racist.
the funny thing is trump said hambres, meaning hungry
He also said "swatches of land". Trump language.
I'll admit I don't speak Spanish, but I thought he said 'ombres'. Or did he say it wrong?
the way he said it was more like 'ambres, although he meant it like you wrote it
Thanks, I'll admit I live way north and have no clue how it's supposed to be said.
Can't wait for the next movie coming out called "Four Minutes," starring Ian McKellen.
Can some Trumpler tell me what 1%GDP means?
http://www.bea.gov/newsreleases/national/gdp/2016/_images/gdp2q16_3rd_chart.png GDP growth in Q2 is up 0.8% to 1.1%. http://www.bea.gov/newsreleases/national/gdp/gdpnewsrelease.htm Many people think we're going to have another crash soon.
Im not a trump supporter but hes saying the GDP is only growing by 1% a year which stinks by our standards.
I think he said "We have 1% GDP"
he did, because hes an idiot. I'm translating.
He's comparing apples and oranges (our economy vs. China's or India's) to try to scare people. It's total bullshit argument. We have a fairly stable and normal GDP growth when compared to similar western and industrialized countries/ economies.
GDP growth last quarter was 1.4% Edit: 1.1% to 1.4%
[deleted]
It is annualized.
Wrong *Sniff*
What was population growth?
Last year it was about three quarters of a percent.
So positive, slow growth. It seems normal to me for a country as developed as the U.S. I'm curious if there are any known areas that could be improved to increase growth? Generally if gdp growth exceeds population it means you're not doing bad. Everything else is up to the market.
Honestly, immigration. As you know, as quality of life and education increase, birthrates decrease. So, we either need a "Fuck For Freedom" day, tax incentives to have more kids, or import people from a culture that values lots of children.
Jeff never heard of Marbury v Madison.
Idiot undecideds up next! Ugh!
Mostly true.....what the fuck in any part of what you said made it "mostly"? It was 100% true. Goddamn this bullshit need for "balance"
[deleted]
He reminds me of a creepy mortician from some movie. I don't know why.
I dont know who I hate more - Hannity, Giuliani or Trump. I will never figure it out.
I'd still pick Trump, not just because of the presidential bid, but for inflating the relevance of Hannity and Guiliani again by making them cornerstones of his election.
But looking at them talk nonsense after the debate just makes me so angry. And yet I have to see it - just to see how they would spin it.
Trump is a corporate shill...for clorox
That was vacuous, stupid and we are all dumber for listening to it. No points for either Candidates - may god have mercy on America.
I saw nothing new in this debate. Nothing that stands out saying I'm the better candidate. Maybe I missed something.
Billy madison +1
CNN is a shit show now. Love it. r/the_cuckexcution
We all love it.
> r/the_cuckexcution I can't even tell what you were going for there. Were you high?
I want to hate fuck that crazy republican girl on CNN
ALL DEMOCRATS ARE MISOGYNIST RAPISTs
Hey now that's a bipartisan stance.
... Pics?
Hilary's pivot when the emails came up was hilarious. *"It's irrelevant that I broke the law countless times, the real injustice is that someone told on me."*
What was funny is that Trump made it work for her.
She didn't break any laws stop kidding yourself.
That's totally what she said. Wait. No.
Username checks out.
Why are you using being gay as an insult if you're such an enlightened, open-minded liberal?
Why are you assuming the person you're responding to is an enlightened, open-minded liberal?
The whole email thing is crazy as well, she actually answered the question right? If in context it clearly shows open borders for energy?
We don't really know because we don't have the full speech. [Politifacts rates it as mostly false](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/oct/19/donald-trump/donald-trump-says-hillary-clinton-wants-have-open-/) >In a brief speech excerpt from 2013, she called for "a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders, some time in the future with energy that is as green and sustainable." Clinton has said she was talking about clean energy, but we can’t fully evaluate her remarks to a bank because we don’t have the full speech. >We rate this statement Mostly False I could see someone being questionable on it though. I actually wish she would mean goods, energy, and people, as opening up relations with Brazil and Argentina (the former of which seems ripe for market reforms after corruption scandals and the latter of which just elected a conservative leader who might be more USA receptive) would be an amazing economic boom for our country. Also getting a visa to Brazil is a pain in the ass, and it's a great country to visit. And if you are a major protectionist, it doesn't really matter as jut yesterday we found an OP-ED from 3 years ago of [Trump advocating open borders.](http://www.vanityfair.com/news/2016/10/donald-trump-open-borders-trade). I was hoping Clinton would bring this up, but I guess there wasn't enough time to work this into debate prep.
Or maybe she didn't know about it. Personally I would have said "I was talking about the far future, possibly 100 or 200 years into the future, when clean, sustainable energy is readily available for most of the planet. It isn't my goal now because we as a nation and a world are not ready yet for it.
I feel sorry for the American people. How do you make a decision in this election? On one hand you have Donald Trump, who needs no real introduction. He doesn't pay taxes, he sometimes just doesn't pay his workers, he's made misogynistic comments and has rape allegations against him. You'd think Hillary would be the obvious choice here? But no, there's evidence that although she says all of the right things and smiles like she's never uncrossed a t, she is not above bribery, corruption and criminal activity. It's like choosing between how you'd like your house to be destroyed. Honestly, how do you choose?
Choose Gary Johnson. Despite his issues, he's actually trying to save our house. Surely that must count for something.
The evil you know.
> How do you make a decision in this election? Pretty fucking easily, as it turns out.
Finally, instead of foreigners hating us, they've moved to pity! We're moving up in the world!
What weak ass country are you from?
> You'd think Hillary would be the obvious choice here? But no, there's evidence that although she says all of the right things and smiles like she's never uncrossed a t, she is not above bribery, corruption and criminal activity. I think this is somewhat unfair. I mean she has bent some rules and spent some time in the gray areas which is not so good, but that is what our elections and political system has came to. She is playing it out like basically anyone would. IMO the problem is more about the system than the politicians themselves. She has taken a moderately firm stance against the citizen's united ruling and I think that is a good start. I will begrudgingly be voting for her in hopes that at least this one messed up aspect gets fixed.
I've been left leaning my entire life but I almost voted for Trump (already voted) just as a "Fuck You" to the way things have always been run mentality that exists. Pretty much showing that America will vote for a petulant man child before outright corruption and law breaking. Still didn't in the end but damn sometimes I think about how nice it would be to see that bullshit "it's just politics" end.
Even if trump did win nothing would change in our political system. An example of this is that none of the SCOTUS nominations that he has said were on his shortlist would try to overturn citizen's united.
Thank you for shedding some light on the topic. You've given me a lot more insight than some of the other gems I've gotten in my inbox.
It's more like choosing if you want a hurricane to damage your roof, or if you want an arsonist to burn your house down while you're asleep. It's not even close, man.
Easily. Because even if you think they are equally bad on character (which they aren't) Trump is clearly far more ignorant about literally everything.
Listen, the choice is between a prepared woman who does her homework and who seems to actually know how to talk to people, and the other is a man who tries to win arguments by insulting everyone he doesn't like.
Is that your public position or your private position?
Probably both by this point.
You go for the person that won't destroy the foundation of our American democracy. You have to vote Hillary. Look at the actual facts, she's not as bad as it looks.
The actual facts are that Trump said some mean things and Hillary is for sale to the highest bidder and above the laws that govern us commoners.
lol...amazing
That's a classic false equivalency. Clinton may not be a great candidate, but she is a fucktonne better than Trump.
[deleted]
You've raised some good questions and points, but be prepared to be downvoted to oblivion by the cronies hiding any criticisms that reach Clinton. edit: Called it! Took less than 30 minutes!
Sec. Clinton's work on SCHIP (now CHIP) saved the lives of several of my clients children. I'm pretty biased in favor of someone who is directly responsible for people I know. She is absolute on the right to each of us making a decision on reproductive issues. Having read her website on the issues, she is prepared for day 1. I trust her decisions on SCOTUS picks that will not send us back to the dark ages for a generation. Need anything else? I can do this all day.
Anything else? uh yeah actually, that was a very dis-satisfying answer
Whiny dumpster
You don't believe in reproductive rights? You don't think saving the lives of children is a good thing? You don't think appointing a SCOTUS that will protect all Americans is important? I could go on all day but if those things are unimportant to you, you aren't worth me wasting my time
fuck bud,You are way too focused on one single issue here and you are also jumping to some pretty fuckin wild-ass conclusions about me personally and my beliefs. Like who the fuck would say yes to "You don't think saving the lives of children is a good thing?" are you kidding me? And if that is all you bring to the table, you are the one who is not worth my time. You offered to give more points/facts bragging very cockily that you could go on all day, but when i say that I would like more you just talk to me like i'm a piece of shit and I don't want to kill anymore of my brain cells disucussing this with you. Unless of course you'd like to actually handle this like a mature person, which i believe you are, this obviously just struck a nerve with you. I look forward to a candid and reasonable viewpoint on why Clinton is worth the vote. <3
Dear, I'll explain in small words so you will understand. You said my response was dissatisfying to you, as if the issues I raised were unimportant. If those issues are unimportant to you and nothing you've written would suggest otherwise, then there really isn't much we can discuss.
oh shit, dear? small words? great points for a discussion dude bro. Of course it's an important issue, how dense are you? where are the other points? with all due respect, if you base your decision off of one topic you're right there literally isn't much we can discuss. If you can't raise more points like you said you can than don't bother responding it's pointless
The age of fighting wars between the powers is over. Its not going to happen and it wouldn't work out well for Russia anyway. They're not going to go to war with us and Hillary isn't going to go around picking fights for the sole purpose of antagonization. If anyone you should be worried about Trump. He said that he would blow Iranian military ships out of the water because they made "rude gestures" at us.
To be fair, that's not something you can absolutely say no to. You can want to get along with other countries, but you can't let them walk all over you, either. There's a line either country could cross that might end in war.
I wanted to reply, but this post is just littered with absolute nonsense and inaccuracies. Hillary's campaign is funded by Saudi Arabia? What the hell are you talking about? It's illegal to accept donations to a Presidential campaign from anyone but US citizens and you are limited to 2700 dollars per individual. Spewing generalities is not a good way to make your argument. If you have critiques and accusations, the burden of proof is on you. Edit: Also, if you want to actually compare who "lies" more often and makes false statements, here's a good start: * http://www.politifact.com/personalities/hillary-clinton/ * http://www.politifact.com/personalities/donald-trump/ Summary: A whopping 72% of statements made by Donald Trump are false or lies.
He's not making an argument; he's asking for some naive HRC supporter to explain how they can still support her. It's a valid question. Explain why YOU support HRC knowing all that has been exposed about the corruption of the DNC.
Sure, I'll just pick 5 things in no particular order of salience: - I agree with about 90% of her positions (https://www.hillaryclinton.com/issues/) - I agree with about 95% of her voting record (https://votesmart.org/candidate/key-votes/55463/hillary-clinton#.WAh-V5MrK2w) - Supremely qualified and experienced in government (trained lawyer, policy experience, Senator, Secretary of State, etc.) - Proponent of data-driven and rational decision making - Doesn't think climate change is a Chinese hoax More generalities from your end. What are "all the things" that have been exposed? Also, you asked me about Hillary Clinton, not the DNC. Finally, how am I naive? The original post is littered with grammatical and punctuation mistakes, not to mention that it isn't rooted in reality.
So - you're a Democrat - you're happy with Obama - Trump's a nut All generalities. You're asking for generalities. "What crimes has Hillary committed?" Literally too many to reference in a specific sense. Google it if you really don't know. If you still don't believe you have no common sense.
Asked for sources, tells people to "google it" Lol
Hillary's campaign is funded by Saudi Arabia? What the hell are you talking about?- The Clinton foundation is the front for such "donations" obviously the money does not go directly to the campaign, it's a money laundering scheme on a really high scale. it's illegal to accept donations to a Presidential campaign- True, but it wouldn't be the first law she broke, or last. Spewing generalities is not a good way to make your argument- Seems to work for her If you have critiques and accusations, the burden of proof is on you.- I recommend spending time researching the accusations against her, a quick google search might help shed some light on this for you. Hell, look up Congressman trey gowdy on youtube and watch the amount of times he aloneproves her to be corrupt and a liar. Gowdy for president 2020! but it is beyond my power to 100% prove anything, but someone with common sense can see through her bullshit. I take it you are a Clinton supporter, now may i ask why? Edit: My wording must have been ambiguous. See, I was asking for positives about Clinton not the negatives of trump.
> The Clinton foundation is the front for such "donations" obviously the money does not go directly to the campaign, it's a money laundering scheme on a really high scale. Source? The Clinton Foundation is one of the best rated charities in the world, at least 90% of all the money goes to charitable pursuits and is checked very often by people like you who seem to have it in for them.
>The Clinton Foundation is a front for a high-end money laundering scheme. >Hillary is taking foreign donations over the $2,700.00 cap. >The testimonies of Trey Gowdy are enough to accuse Hillary of any wrongdoing. Provide sources for these claims, and I'll consider taking you seriously. My Google searching has pretty much broken your argument, so I would appreciate it if you put in some effort to convince me of your opinion. Edits: had to go back through the post a few times to figure out where you were trying to refute talking points. Some formatting help: a ">" immediately in front of what you want to say will turn text into a quote of sorts, similar to a greentext on 4Chan.
> I want to make it very clear that i do not support either candidate, they're both terrible. But anyone who actually supports Clinton, could you explain why? Because we have a two party system.
you could always vote for Jill Stein or Gary Johnson
> you could always vote for ~~Jill Stein or Gary Johnson~~ essentially Trump thanks to the 2-party system fixed. A vote for anybody but Clinton is a vote for Trump. I'm more scared of President Trump than President Clinton.
I know there's a specific name for this dilemma but you're (rightly) assuming no one else will vote for a 3rd party candidate either. How ironic though that if everyone fed up with the two party system and lack of real choice voted 3rd party, we'd actually have a 3rd party President. Unfortunately, everyone buys in to the social reality and no one ends up voting for the candidate they like most because they don't think anyone else will either. Ultimate herd mentality.
Well this was the big election to get the 3rd party on the board, what with voter displeasure with both leading candidates. The fact is that there aren't any competent 3rd parties right now.
Not to mention that both Gary Johnson and Jill Stein are hilariously inept.
So basically, because we can
In the choice between a dictator and a politician, I'll take the politician.
Sure. 1. Most of the assertions of being a puppet and a criminal are wholly unsubstantiated. I could make up a whole bunch of similar stuff about Marco Rubio or Ted Cruz and insist that it's true. Doesn't make it true. I suggest sifting through old assertions about W Bush made by certain elements of the left, if you'd like an example of how it looks from the other side. 2. Hillary *is* guilty of being a cynical, scheming politician. I don't like her very much. She's undoubtedly a favor-peddling opportunist. There's a lot of smelly politics about the Clintons. But that really doesn't matter to me, because: 3. Hillary's platform is distinctly left-wing. At worst she'll ensure a liberal Supreme Court for a generation. At best, if the Dems get sway in congress, she'll finally be able to undo the horrific mismanagement, repugnant Randian philosophy and economic vandalism that's been Reagan's legacy. Hell, we might even see universal healthcare. Fact is, Hillary is a morally flexible pragmatist. But she's pushing leftward, and that's by far the most important thing in politics. By far.
I can appreciate the points you are making and i agree that a mostly leftward approach to politics is the way to go. However, she is by far the least liberal democrat i have ever seen. She can say anything she wants, but time and time again what she preaches on the campaign trail is entirely different from what she actually practices. She panders the the common man now, but once in office it won't matter
The Clintons just need your vote. And your campaign contribution. Once you sign the check, they're on to the next donor. They care more about working for a multi-millionaire in China than you and your family. They even had the nerve to solicit Monica Lewinsky's parents for money after that fiasco.
Can you give specific examples to back up these claims? How is she the least left leaning Democrat you've ever seen? Wouldn't that make her a Republican? You say time and time again, like there's a pattern of her doing exactly what she promises but I need to see evidence you can provide before being swayed at all.
She has been in high public office for a long time and has done little for the common people relative to how much she helps large corporations, banks and so forth. She does just enough to make her look good but beyond that, she may like to appear democratic and liberal and for the people but her words differ so greatly from her action in office(s). If you need to see evidence then you obviously have not done enough research on her career. I am not here to sway you, if anything I want someone to sway me. I appreciate you for responding but if you aren't going to answer my question, why bother
> I appreciate you for responding but if you aren't going to answer my question, why bother After a word salad which did not accomplish answering op...
>I want to make it very clear that i do not support either candidate, they're both terrible I like how your post basically follows the Trump talking points letter by letter. (EDIT: and the fact that you just attack Hillary shows how unbiased and "not for either candidate" you are) >Would you start war with Russia" [not a direct quote obviously, but pretty much the question] - no response, just a smile." Yeah... in your imagination, maybe. In real life, she explained her justification for a no-fly-zone, and then continued to explain how she'd try to work it out with the powers in the region. Trump just said he'd fix it - and believe him, he will. Or something. >And she had the gall to call Trump a puppet and a liar? OH the irony. Her campaign is funded by Wall Street, Banks, Saudi Arabia, etc. Again, way to toe the line. Trump has also enjoyed a ton of donations from all sorts of investors, foreign and domestic. If you put a list of their donors side by side, they'd basically read as carbon copies. Furthermore, at least Hillary has released her tax returns. Her charity foundation is transparant. We know what is going on there. Now Trump on the other hand? He's supposedly toxic to all US banks, and is in debt to foreign banks, especially in the ME and Russia. ***THAT*** sounds like a much bigger conflict of interest than campaign donations and charity donations. >No one in their right mind can actually think she cares about Middle America Unless Middle America consists of the 1%, it's clear from her policies that she, in fact, does care. And furthermore, I have to go out on a personal peeve. "Middle America" as a demographic might be important, but let me put it this way: if you combine the 5 most populous cities in the US (NYC, LA, Chicago, Houston, and Philadelphia, their populations together would make them larger than FORTY FIVE STATES. New York City alone is more populated than 38 states. While this idea of "Middle America" is a nice image, at the end of the day, "Middle America", quite frankly, doesn't represent America. The USA in terms of demographics and population is urban America. "Middle America" is a Norman Rockwell painting, not the majority. >She has lied on nearly every topic she has talked about. Not only is there no proof of this, but even if this is true, ***TRUMP HAS DONE SO MUCH WORSE ANYWAY, IT'S A NULL POINT. HILLARY STILL WINS ON THIS FACT***. >Just because she says something doesn't make it true Donald Trump: Believe me, I'll bring jobs back and bring money back and make the economy grow with the power of my mind. Hillary has both plans, analysis, and statistics behind her. Facts and research don't suddenly become false because you don't like them. >In fact, i would argue that almost everything that comes out of her mouth is the opposite of what is true Again, I'd challenge you to fact check and research the claims this debate. Spoiler alert: Trump is talking out of his ass on virtually everything. > Not to mention, all circumstantial evidence point to her being guilty of high treason (punishable by death) and suffered no penalty. Multiple things: acts aside, she wasn't prosecuted. Claiming she should be punished anyway is literally one of the worst things an American could claim. Furthermore, Trump has decided that if he got elected, he'd forgo our entire judicial system just to hurt Hillary - again, anathema to everything this country stands for. Furthermore, even if she had been tried for everything she could possibly be tried for - even to conspiracy theory extremes, *she could not be tried for treason*. Take the time to read the fucking law and constitution you claim to hold so dear. Even beyond that, even if you just ignored the law and convicted her of treason anyway, the last time anyone suffered death under that law was in 1942, which means it'd be easily challenged under appellate law and probably wouldn't hold (especially since, as I said before, *EVEN AT WORST, YOU STILL COULDN'T TRY HER FOR TREASON*) >I want to make it very clear that i do not support either candidate Which is why you parrot the Trump talking points letter by fucking letter. >But anyone who actually supports Clinton, could you explain why? I'd rather our country not go trillions into debt to make Donnie's friends richer. I'd rather not give a nuclear arsenal to someone who said "Why have nukes if you're not going to use them". I'd rather our next president actually have some vague idea about how the world works. I'd rather not elect Vladimir Putin's puppet. I'd like to have a president capable of empathy. I'd like to have a president who isn't a self-admitted rapist. I'd like a president who would listen to experts rather than dismiss them out of hand. I'd like to also have a president whose CHILDREN don't joke about sexual assault too - I didn't know that was something I wanted until recently. I'd like to have a president who doesn't spout off bigoted speech and then just pretend he never said it - despite the fact that he's ON TAPE SAYING IT. Basically, I'd like to have a president who I wouldn't be afraid to have myself or loved ones around. One who would put Americans first. One who won't just ruin lives for everyone except straight white men.
Now that's a beat down.
Any other Republican candidate could have beaten out Hillary Clinton handily because she is such a weak candidate with all the dirt on her. What a miserable failure haha
I don't know about handily, but Rubio was right when he said a vote for trump in March is a vote for Hillary in november
I'm going to absolutely love the fact that we have Drumpf saying that Romney choked because he couldn't beat Obama, but Drumpf is going to get slaughtered by clinton.
Lol the other candidates were even bigger jokes than Trump.
Rand Paul? He wasn't as bad as trump. Hell even Ben Carson was better than trump. And he was nuts.
Hillary absolutely smashed him, Trump was pathetic as always and if you check internet discussions,polls, just take a look,look - hillary 90%, trump 10%... well Trump supporters you can stay home at nov 8th, no need to go there voting, you can't change anything when majority of people will vote for Hillary, no need to go voting for you trumpsters, Hillary already won,it's over, we have the new POTUS already Hillary Diane Rodham Clinton ! look trumpsters here is the proof you can stay home and watch the landslide from your home at nov 8th, you cant change anything about this http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/ i bet no trumpster will even read this as they are just insignificant minority of people, but if one of those very few existing trumpsters reading this,just go back to your bots ridden the_dumpster and cry there
What the hell is your problem dude
> no need to vote because you have different opinions
To me, that is the biggest reason to vote.
Funny thing is, in some second-world country where the poll is almost confirmed manipulated, this is what the politician ACTUALLY says to the voters. Please, you can vote for either sides, but don't tell other people what to do. Instead, convince them.
The way you talk kind of encourages Democrats to stay at home too. Sadly it's not 10%, not nearly. It's more like 40% that support Trump. He does have only around a 10% chance of winning, though.
Do people really get offended by the term 'nasty woman'? We live in a weird world. If I was in politics and someone called me nasty, that'd be the least of my worries.
Yeah it is. The most of our worries was trump heavily implying that he's not going to accept the outcome of this election. Even the moderator was like "wtf man, that's not cool"
So as a woman, I can assume you're voting for Trump.
Are you a man or a woman?
How does that make a difference? Calling a guy an asshole is the same thing.
He wouldn't have said anything if she were a man. That's the difference.
Nice victim complex.
...How is it a victim complex if it's correct? Think back to the comments Trump has made about his political opponents. Even the fact that he was calling her out as being a woman specifically is a giant tell. He doesn't point out that Ted Cruz or Marco Rubio are men, for instance- he just considers them to be people. But go ahead and deny reality; November 8th will be entertaining.
Watch the primary debates, please. Trump bullied Jeb, who's an incredibly nice person, and insulted *everyone*. I'll admit, Trump's a sexist, but don't act like he just insults women.
Did Trump also make a point of noting that Jeb was a man, or did he just refer to him as a person? Seriously, what's the relevance of saying she's a nasty woman as opposed to a nasty person? Why add the qualifier of her sex? What utility does Trump gain from it?
Tagged as "Prof. Oak"
Trump comes across as a whiner by calling her nasty. He's nasty too but she never complains.
>she never complains. Unless Trump brings up her scandals on the debate stage
She deflects but she certainly doesn't complain.
[deleted]
During which of those debates did Hillary call attention to Trump by saying that he was a "disgusting *man,*" or anything similar that mentioned his sex? Why did Trump bother to mention Hillary's?
Depends. If it was a one off comment? No. if it was coming from a serial sexist bigot, yes
That was the most vitriolic debate i've ever seen, both came out looking worse imo.
While I'm not necessarily happy to see Hillary throw obvious zingers, I don't fault her either. How much of his sexist, complete lying bullshit can you take before you just throw a little shade his way?
Not to worry everyone. I'll be voting third party this election! edit: so quick with the downvotes. Many people are voting Clinton because they're simply against Trump. I'm doing the same, but including Clinton in that as well :)
Thank you for sharing your exciting plans.
Thank you for being thankful.
Who are you voting for?
Haven't decided between Stein or Johnson.
Impressed by your strong principles...
Why even get out of bed to vote.
because how will they get attention then
That's the opposite of democracy smart guy.
Because voting is important.
your vote is going to the trash, and means literally nothing. But it's a good tid bit to speak about with mommy and daddy at the dinner table on thanksgiving.
Awe you're so cute.
Voting third party is essentially throwing your vote out the door
I don't think so but we can just agree to disagree.
Hell yes, contribute to the 5% of the vote needed to get a third party into the debates and maybe next year we can have elections that aren't turd sandwich vs. giant douche.
Look at me everyone. Give me attention. Thats what you sound like.
I just enjoy the anger people like you get.
There is no anger here at all buddy. Sorry to disappoint. Red dead redemption 2 trailer, nintendo switch, and logan trailers came out today. Im pretty happy.
Same here they look exciting. Can't wait to get them. 
yup
Do it. I'm personally decided but I encourage third party votes. I want to see capital hill tear itself apart when a third party gets on the debates next year. I would encourage Stein if you're generally a leftist and also because Johnson is doing better in polls. Imagine if four parties were on stage in 2020.
If you consider them exactly equally bad, the I agree with your choice. Otherwise, one of those two will be president, you should have a say in which one.
I have no doubt Clinton will win. She'll just do it without my support.
I'd fuck Kelly Ann if I was drunk. Y'all lying sayin' you wouldn't.
I'd have to be very drunk, but yeah.
I mean, do I have to admit to it? Or feel any certain way?
ain't gonna lie about that
I'd hate fuck the shit out of her
I cant believe im commenting on this, but hate fucking is the best fucking.
[removed]
No bro I'm a republican..... it literally is locker room talk
Hillary is in trouble. We found out a lot of terrifying things about wikileaks tonight that I don't think most of us knew. I was told it was about risotto, not open borders and intentionally instigating riots!
I dont know how reliable wikileaks is anymore since this information is now being passed through a russian filter.
They've always been pretty reliable. They're only being doubted now because they're exposing the Clinton machine instead of the evils of the Bush administration.
And because they are being given plenty of money by Russia to continue. And because they have this data *because Russia hacked american servers* in order to undermine our election process. But yeah, they are totally fair and reliable and not at all biased.
I could give fuck all about whose funding it as long as the information is legit. Even if it's only 90% legit that's still fucking scary and I'm not even a Trump voter.
Which part do you find scary?
Who cares? Sincerely, why does that matter? What does it change?
Validity
Fair and biased has nothing to do with facts. Facts don't need to be fair OR non biased.
A fact is undisputable true. You don't need any qualifiers. Most people misuse the word "facts".
>I was told it was about risotto, not open borders and intentionally instigating riots! That's actually not true. When she said "you'd know it was about energy if you literally read the next line" she was right. It was taken out of context. I fact-checked immediately when she made the energy claim. >Hillary Clinton Said Her Dream Is A Hemispheric Common Market, With Open Trade And Open Markets. “**My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders, some time in the future with energy that is as green and sustainable as we can get it, powering growth and opportunity for every person in the hemisphere**.” [05162013 Remarks to Banco Itau.doc, p. 28]
Uh, whats your point? A common market with open borders and open trade means the same thing in that context. She wanted EU style freedom of movement and trade.
....or not
Do some research on the man releasing these videos; James O'Keefe.
Sittin' in the movie show, thinkin' nasty thoughts, huh Better be a gentleman, or you turn me off, huh That's right, a-let me tell it Nasty Nasty boys, don't mean a thing, huh Oh you nasty boys Nasty Nasty boys, don't ever change, huh Oh you nasty boys! Nasty Nasty boys, don't mean a thing, huh Oh you nasty boys Nasty Nasty boys, don't ever change, huh Oh you nasty boys
I can't help it... I was born nasty http://www.harkavagrant.com/index.php?id=347
Is it wrong if a strange part of me finds Kelly Ann Conway attractive?
you should get it excised immediately.
CNN's Kayleigh for the win!
That's not her, different woman on CNN.
I'm watching MSNBC dude
Kayleigh McEnany
Kayleigh McEnancy
Why does everyone assume I'm watching CNN
My apologies. I didn't realize that Kellyanne was on. I've mixed up their names a couple of times myself.
Yeah... thats kinda fucked up.
[Hillary Hates Haiti](http://i.imgur.com/ppbSLi7.png), apparently.
well how am I gonna get to sleep now? I'm just too turned on.
Aren't fangs usually the canines?
So.. Trump wasn't a complete meltdown the whole debate. He made some points that should make his base happy, and Donald did not come off as an unhinged loser. Well done. Clinton, on the other hand, looked like she was giving prepared speeches. That may be a turn-off to some, but it was like she knew the questions ahead of time - because that's how good her responses were. That said, she did let Trump goad her into straying from the questions, and her results were mixed. (Well played, Donnie.) Clinton won the debate, but I can see how some mushy voters would have given it Trump (were it not for 'awmbre' or 'such a nasty woman'). edit: I guess the post is poorly worded. To me, the preparedness in her responses is absolutely a positive. It shows just how much she cares about the job she's trying to win, that she is a serious candidate, and a damned good one.
Well she is a nasty woman. There's no denying that.
It is denied.
Cool story. She's still a nasty woman, and a professional liar. Let's throw murderer in there too for good measure. I don't like trump either. Both candidates suck and our country is in deep shit.
Why not throw lizard illuminati in there for good measure?
Quality post.
Ditto.
Perhaps, two qualities that could make her a great president. I notice that Clinton did not stoop to name calling as she expertly eviscerated the hapless, hopeless Trump. Once again.
You're right - these would be great qualities in a president were they for the good of our country. However, her history shows that she's corrupt. A corrupt president with her traits and mentality are a volatile combination. I think both candidates are unfit for the presidency.
Hombre*
Whoosh
Yo sé cómo se escribe. :) (Although that might be a bad translation.) It was the bad pronunciation that I'd written, not the actual word.
You do realize that she has spent the last week preparing for the debate, right? After having spent several weeks, if not more, preparing for the first and second debate. You are witnessing someone who actually cares about winning the presidency.
I guess the post is poorly worded. To me, the preparedness in her responses is absolutely a positive. It shows just how much she cares about the job she's trying to win, that she is a serious candidate, and a damned good one.
Ah, that might be a miscommunication on my part. Apologies.
It happens. Judging by the responses and the downvotes, I put the blame on me. I don't see where my post went bad, but that doesn't mean it does not fail to communicate the sentiment which is in my caffeine-starved brain.
Could have easily been influenced by my knee-jerk response as well. Oh well, the vagaries of the internet....
> That may be a turn-off to some, but it was like she knew the questions ahead of time Candidates tend to practice ahead of time with potential questions. They may not know the literal questions, but it's not hard to assume what they'll get asked about.
Right - and I get that. She seemed better prepared for last night than even previous debates. Her performance was exceptionally polished. It even looked like she was glancing down at pre-written notes. For me, this is all a compliment.
Do you guys have an actual point to make? - Van
Do you?
It was a Van Miller Quote
What if trump is starting a cult to better the world? He will take all his loyal base supporters to jonestown and have a koolaid party. what if donald is actually trying to help the world by drawing out the deplorables? what if trump is just misunderstood?
If that's the case you jinxed us.
What if WWIII is júst the purge this world needs? /s
Someone does need to tell Hillary to stop talking about Russia every time the e-mails come up...no one cares if Russia's the one who hacked them and it just makes it look like she's deflecting.
Da, comrade, you speak pravda.
A lot of people care and a lot of the world cares, just looks at Russia's modus operandi on how they infiltrated countries in Eastern Europe. Step 1. cast doubt on the legitimacy of elections and of elected representatives.
I do care if our elections are being influenced by Russia...
I definitely care, especially since Trump is a puppet of the Kremlin
Since when do we not care about a communist country trying to influence our elections? COMMUNISTs not "Rusians". Just ask yourself "What would Ronald Reagan think about this"? He would be FURIOUS. Trump should be FURIOUS or at the very least concerned, but he's not. So the question becomes, why not? If he thought Mark Cuban had someone screw with a construction contract of his he'd be screaming about it in the streets, but naw Communists trying to influence our national voting system, somehow that gets a pass?
[Marco Rubio cares](http://www.npr.org/2016/10/19/498529403/marco-rubio-warns-gop-on-wikileaks-tomorrow-it-could-be-us)
Actually, a lot of us care that Russia is trying to influence our election and that Trump is encouraging foreign powers to spy on political opponents.
our intelligence agencies seem to care
Yeah I'd say its actually a bigger deal than whats in the emails.
> no one cares if Russia's the one who hacked them No, **you** don't care. A lot of other people do. At least be honest about that point.
[deleted]
I actually have taken time to go through the dumps on my own. I haven't found anything in them that actually concerns me.
I definitely care. I think espionage against our country is a serious matter and would normally be a bipartisan issue.
Its actually is a really big deal and has been diminished by Donald's lunacy.
Its effective. Its a natural segue into a topic that is bad on trump, his putin bromance.
Clinton Supporters: convince me, please and thank you Edit: I'm not a trump supporter, so i don't need to be told about trump. just explain what specifically about Clinton makes her worth my vote?
>Hillary's campaign is funded by Saudi Arabia? What the hell are you talking about?- The Clinton foundation is the front for such "donations" obviously the money does not go directly to the campaign, it's a money laundering scheme on a really high scale. Are you willing to be convinced tho?
try me
Nah. You have agency.
Guy can't prep for a debate. The intention behind his policies may be sound but he lacks any skill set to prepare him for presidency
Ok I'll bite. The biggest issue with Clinton is that she's crooked, right? Because of the e-mails and a few accusations. Ok, let's talk about that. Even though many allegations have been disproven, for the sake of argument let's assume they're all true. Trump is still more crooked. He hasn't paid income tax in decades, his charity is a fraud, his university is a scam and he commited treason making deals with embargoed countries. Do we really want to give a guy like this more power? Even if Hillary is the worst case scenario presented, Trump is still worse. And I'm not even going into the racism, misogyny, xenophobia, raping, lying, being detached from reality, having no idea how actual government works and no concrete feasible plan of how things we'll be done after he's in office. Clinton is a very competent politician who has her flaws, which are in fact more than the average politicians usually have, but she's a better human being, better leader, better politician and better in every possible way than Trump.
To be honest, read her Wall Street Speech Transcripts in full. Oddly enough it may help you see how much you can agree with what she says and how she says it when she's not wigged out in front of a camera.
Because the alternative is Trump, and saying "I didn't vote so it's not my fault" is like standing next to a housefire and watching instead of doing something because you didn't start it.
The last time we had a mildly uninformed republican president, it led us to two huge wars and a global financial crisis. The last 8 years have been a slow rise up from that mess. Yes it's frustrating that it's slow, but it's definitely not going backwards, as it was the previous 8 years. Please let us not go back to even worse than we had before Obama. The only arguments against Clinton I've heard, are arguments that apply to about 90% of all politicians. Except for not protecting her emails, which was stupid and backwards thinking.
It's been damn near a year and a half of this. You don't need internet strangers to help make your mind up.
fair enough, but i just wanted to know how people can support her without coming across as a douche
[removed]
You're literally whining that Clinton plans things out and plays to her audience.
She contradicts all of her stances from in her private emails. Everything she says to the public is fake.
Show me a contradiction on her abortion stance.
That's honestly the one stance with no contradiction.
Then don't speak in such silly absolutes. Okay, show me a contradiction in her stance on college tuition.
You mean, like Donald trump doubling down on impossible promises to appeal to his voters is not worse? Lying to get votes, but lying without even admitting he's lying when presented with contradicting quotes by himself. It's beyond ridiculous that's what gets your panties in a bunch about Clinton.
I'll give it a shot. I want liberal progressive policies put in place and out of the options I have, Hillary Clinton is my best bet. She's fine. The country will do perfectly fine under her administration. Trump would fuck shit up so hard. Like insanely hard.
Trump supporters on suicide watch.
You are perhaps unaware that your comment history can be viewed?
wait whhhhhaaaaatatattatatatttttt????????oh shit bro good looks for the heads up, blew my mind
What is important to you? A country in which people are hospitable? A country where you don't go bankrupt when you have to go to the hospital? A country where you're rewarded for working but get a bit of support when it's not going well? With equal rights for gay and straight people? Or would you rather have a country where people of different ethnicities are pitted against each other, gay marriage is banned, and you needn't expect support in your time of need?
In 1968 I was 19 years old. The nation had just undergone the largest cultural shift in its history, and I was right there in the youth movement. I also did not want to be drafted to fight in Vietnam. I had a college deferment, but that program was ending. I wanted Robert Kennedy to be president, I thought (and still do) that he would cement the legacy of his brother, and of the 60's in general and lead us into a better future. After he was killed I thought surely Eugene McCarthy (another anti-war, liberal democrat) would now win the nomination. He was leading, he had the support of the Kennedy supporters. LBJ and Humphrey connived to steal the election. They didn't run a smear campaign against McCarthy (that would come later from Humphrey in his successful attempt to spoil the 1972 election). No LBJ got Humphrey the nomination despite not a single vote being cast for him in any primary. People rioted in Chicago. I was heartbroken and disillusioned. I refused to vote for Humphrey. I voted instead for the Communist party because it ran a black woman, and I thought that was a great protest vote at the time. It probably got me on a list somewhere. I do not regret not voting for Humphrey. Humphrey was a lousy candidate. He was Pro war, he wasn't going to stop the draft. Nixon wasn't going to attempt to overturn civil rights. The democrats had control of congress, both houses. It was really a pointless election between two terrible candidates. 2016 is not 1968. Donald Trump is running on a platform of reversing nearly 70 years of social progress. He and his supporters are fighting a last ditch effort to undo the 1960's (and subsequent losses). He said it tonight. Roe v. Wade will be overturned. He wants control over the press. He wants to suppress free speech, he idolizes dictators and despots. He is willing to do whatever it takes to restore America to his ideal 1950's vision. This is the most important election in my lifetime, because everything is on the line. Even if I did not like Clinton, which I do, the threat of Trump is the threat of rolling back everything I have seen us accomplish in my lifetime. Clinton is a normal human being, she is capable of feeling human emotions such as empathy. Donald Trump is a certifiable sociopath. When she first had real power or access to power she has advocated for universal healthcare in the 1990's when not many in America were thinking about the crisis that was brewing in healthcare, and when she failed she still managed to win coverage for millions of children. Her influence on her husband's foundation was mainly directed at helping to provide HIV treatment to nearlyly half of the people who are receiving treatment. They call her a hawk, but her first priority as Secretary of State was the reset with the Russians. This is not someone who holds petty grudges, she is someone who will negotiate with anyone. She wants peace, she wants diplomatic resolutions to conflict. She traveled throughout the world as SoS helping to rebuild a broken reputation leftover from the Bush years. She largely succeeded in that task. Being president she is likely to face real crises that will test her judgement, and we have seen her judgement be tested countless times. In retrospect she herself may have regrets. Donald Trump has a litany of failures for which he feels no remorse, he considers himself a perfect being with the "best" brain. Judgement matters, and there is a clear choice here. She is also not running to be a dictator, or pledging to act like one. She is not running on a platform of war crimes. So what will her presidency look like here at home? Her most campaigned on pieces of her platform are related to things like affordable child care, maternity leave, and clean energy development. These are likely to be her priority once in office. Don't buy into the conspiracies, she has spent her life working on progress and she is pragmatically going to work her ass off once elected. She is going to win, and she needs support from congress and pressure on Republicans to actually compromise. We can't afford to waste any time, we have to address very serious global issues like climate change right now.
I was going to vote for her only because of bipartisanship but now I have a little bit more faith in her.
Wrong. Just kidding, this is a well thought out answer. I have always wanted to hear a response like with a historical context from someone who has been around for some time. Mad respect. Sometimes the general public/media have a short memory when it comes to politics. Take my up vote, hippie.
-years of experience -supported by many experts and nobel prize winners in various fields -consistently willing to work on climate change -won't even try to waste $$$$ on that horrible wall and deportation plan -hasn't suggested freely using nukes to solve current political issues -is not an international embarrassment who insults other nations on an almost weekly basis -is not tied to evengelical hate mongering religious leaders who are distinctly anti-LGBT -Isn't trailing behind her opppenent by almost double digits -donsn't risk losing states that would normally be guranteed for her party -is endorsed by leaders and key members from both political parties -isn't a third party leader who also happens to be a bad choice just by policy -doesn't have a grab her in the pussy moment -isn't extremely petty with no filter when using twitter or making speeches. Both of them have a reputation for flip flopping, though I think Trump has more outlandish or flat out false lies
I think that it would depend on what's important to you as an American citizen. For me, Hillary supports many issues that align with my personal values. I am pro-choice. This does not mean that I am going to jump to having abortions every other week. Personally, I am conflicted about abortion because of my personal beliefs of when life begins. But like she said, it means that the government will have no say when it comes to this very personal decision in a woman's life. She is saying that women should have the liberty to make this decision based on her own beliefs and circumstances. Let me tell you, as a mental health professional, I have worked with several women who have opted for this route for various reasons. And it is never an easy decision, and it's something they don't walk away from without scars. I also support her views on healthcare. To add to my point above, Planned Parenthood provides essential services for women. To defund this program would be a huge disservice as many don't have the same access to healthcare like many do. Speaking of, I am a content consumer of Obamacare. As a grad student, I had to settle for crappy insurance offered through my school. I rejoiced once they passed this plan because it meant that I didn't have to take chances on getting sick and paying a ton out of pocket. Obamacare also got rid of pre-existing conditions, which used to make it difficult if not super expensive for others to have reasonable health coverage. So yes, I'll take more of Obamacare because having limited options beforehand clearly did not work. Last point, as a middle class citizen who come from immigrant parents who have worked their way up, Hillary supports the prosperity of the middle class. There is a huge income gap in our country. Those at the top get richer, while those in working class barely make ends meet. And the rhetoric of putting the blame on these working classes for whatever reason is tired, because at the end of the day they still struggle to support their families. You want to talk violence in Chicago? Well the violence is perpetuated by poverty and disenfranchisement. So those are a few points that resonate with me. I can continue to go bullet by bullet, but I have to get to work! Long story short, consider which of these topics are most important to you. Hillary usually has a liberal to moderate stance on most issues. Trump typically as a ultra-conservative to mildly conservative stance on others.
Hilary is so fake.
You always comment like a 16 year old girl on Facebook?
Good thing Trump is worse
"A woman who is enthusiastic about politics and isn't pretty? Fake."-u/spendthatmoney
Wow you know how to words in people's mouth don't you. No wonder everything Trump says gets construed in a 100 different ways.
Hi! I know how to words!
I think Trump did pretty well, and shot down some things I don't think Hillary/Wallace should have let him shoot down. He had a prepared deflection on the woman thing and he played the victim pretty fricken well. Then he brought up the emails and Clinton floundered. She tried dodging the Clinton Foundation question and both Trump and Wallace held her to the fire, yet she couldn't drop him on his obvious narcissism. Clinton dodged the "would you shoot down a Russian plane" question with an answer that invalidates the whole purpose of the no-fly-zone. She started brilliantly on the next Syria segment, but after Trump's meandering crazy-talk about Mosul, she should have slam-dunked his face into the pavement with her foreign policy knowledge. Instead she took the bait and treated Trump like an adult rather than a babbling four year old with storybook-style foreign policies. I think the candidates knew the questions beforehand, and prepared answers. This didn't work in Clinton's favor because she couldn't organically move points around to make a better impact. Trump brought up her foundation, but it wasn't until a question or two later that Clinton brought up the Trump foundation racketeering. She had a lot of zingers, but most of them went misplaced to be honest. She didn't lose, but it was uncomfortably close considering her opponent. Oh and sorry if this was hard to read. I'm watched this shitshow high.
You're living in some alternate reality if you think Trump was even close to winning.
An alternate reality like this echo chamber? You have to understand how many people don't care about all the insane shit coming from Trump. Hillary is bad too, and Trump pointed the finger in a very effective way to entice of of those voters.
Cool. He's losing by far. He can keep his deplorables. He didn't make any cogent argument for the voters he actually needs.
I hope you're right.
Largley because of the recent leaks. True though it is, and as angry as much of it makes me, there is a meta game at play, and the game board is bigger than just US issues. Trump would be a terrible mistake...Hillary is a talented *modern* politician, and the obvious choice. Personally I'd like to see our species get past The Great Filter, and not immolate our planet, so it seems a clear choice at this point.
Obviously. Are you suggesting I'd vote for Trump?
Oh, no...was just throwing commentary in response to your post. Wasn't meant to be condecending, to whom the choice should be obvious was meant to be the voting public, not anyone in particular.
I think people are being a bit harsh on the "Nasty woman" remark. I agree that it was a VERY disrespectful remark, but personally, as a female did not think that it was in any way a slanderous remark against women. She is a woman. And if he thinks she is nasty, she can say that. He's not saying all women are nasty at all. Edit: I SAID IT WAS VERY DISRESPECTFUL PEOPLE! Not everything he says is misogynistic. Still unwarranted and will probably (and rightfully) catapult her into the presidency.
If you take that comment in total isolation, then you can argue that it wasn't necessarily slanderous to all women. The problem is that there has been a preponderance of stories and allegations that paint a very negative picture of how Trump generally feels about women. When that context is taken into consideration, an otherwise unremarkable phase like "such a nasty woman" exists only to further that picture of Trump that we've already seen. Knowing that, it was extremely unwise for him to make such a statement when women voters already strongly disfavor him. All he did was further marginalize the majority of women voters (and surely many men as well) from considering him as a serious candidate.
I agree, it was a extremely unprofessional and rude statement. I'm just annoyed at how many people believe that this one statement by itself demonstrated how he is extremely misogynistic.
I agree, and I hate Trump.
Yeah, but it doesn't really matter. It solidifies his already sculpted image as a misogynistic asshole.
Yep. Just me nitpicking at this point, really.
That is some impressively tortured spin. I give you 8/10.
Yea what in the world? That's like saying "That guy is a douchebag" == man-hating. People are reaching so hard when there's already so much low-hanging, valid fruit to pick from.
I don't think it was slanderous against women, but I do think it was highly disrespectful, in the middle of an unrelated topic.
As loathe as I am to cut Trump some slack. I didn't take it as an all woman attack either. It was certainly classless and rude, but I think he was referring to Clinton and not her entire gender.
Still could have gone without saying that.
But NO ONE has greater respect for women than he does!
You can't say "Nobody has more respect for women than I do." and then turn around and call someone a "nasty woman". While I agree that some are taking the comment a bit too far, it will be a quote that is echoed over the next few weeks for both sides of the election in very different ways.
Would he have said nasty man though? I kind of doubt it.
Yeah, he would have said way worse because he doesn't have this massive double-standard to crush him for commentary outside the "safe-space" we have to create for an oversensitized group of humans.
Dude, Trump is all about safe spaces, he's hid on Fox News for months. Also, you are kidding yourself if you think Hillary is getting off easy because she's a woman. You've got major conservative Christians saying a woman can't be president cause women are not meant to have authority over men. You have Trump saying that she isn't attractive and everything bad her husbands ever done is her fault. You have commentators saying that she's a "dragon lady" because she's a women with power and opinions. If you can look at that and still think being a woman is helping her, then I really don't see the point in arguing with you.
Nobody is saying he said all women are nasty.
I think what most people fail to understand is there are a ton of white voters who support trump but won't admit it because they are afraid to be labelled racist.
Yes. Pollsters write "racist" next to every name they call when surveying people.
It's not that they think that is what happens. It's just a conditioning of keeping it to yourself because you have seen the reprexussions. Trust many people on your fb are voting trump. They just aren't admitting it
Jesus the delusion is complete. They really believe they exist as some kind if silent majority held down by the meanness of the sjw.. minority.
Can you support a racist without being racist?
Not in internet polls.
For anonymous internet and phone polls? Come on.
Conditioning is real
But your worldview isn't .
Clinton plans to go to war with Russia and she made it clear tonight. She may or may not want to, but she knows her decision to enact a no fly zone in Syria means war in Russia and she is committed to that so much she is setting the American people up to accept this war. This is the reason why they are pushing that the Russian government is involved with these email hacks. Signaling to us, the American people, that Russia are the bad guys. She is fluffing us for a war. She confirmed the hacked emails were legitimate. Please stop pushing that lie as well. No one official has uttered the words "that is fake" yet and they won't. She answered direct questions about those emails and clearly got pissed off doing it. Trump is an idiot that repeats the same thing over and over and never actually says anything of substance. Loser tonight? The American people.
Her no fly zone will probably only shoot down two Syrian planes and no Russian planes. It will shoot down so few Syrian planes since we will never risk shooting down a Russian plane and they will start flying close to the Syrian planes.
The email thing is a catch 22. Let's say they straight out say that they're fake... They aren't... but let's say that's the stance. They are so obviously real and connect to so many non clinton people who have their own inboxes that can confirm authenticity... It would blow up in her face... don't do that. Ok, so we know that they're real (which they are) why not just confirm and move on? Well, this is a bad idea, too. Let's say Clinton goes on stage and says, "The emails are the real deal from John Podesta's inbox." Great... except there are still 39,000 emails not released. Now, if I wanted to fuck over the Clinton campaign, I would then take the opportunity to draft an email from HRC to the Podesta talking about her plan to "really get the liberals to buy our message that we aren't in it for the banks while making sure that the banks know we got their backs..." Or some such. A plausible but damning email. The Clinton camp reacts by saying this is false, but they are on the record saying that the leaks are real. What can they do? Release all of the Podesta emails in a giant dump themselves? Who's to say they didn't just delete that one incriminating email? Their denial of a single or a couple emails that make them look bad will seem false and self serving. Faced with this dilemma, they've done a "no comment" strategy. 1) Treat questions from the leaks as legitimate, but don't confirm the leaks are real 2) Attack the source of the leaks and the drip drip strategy as being a ploy to influence the election 3) never deny an email. And that's really the best they can do.
She wants war, or she is publicly stating a position of strength from which she can negotiate.
you are wither naive or easily misled by right wing conspiracy rhetoric.war with russia??
> Clinton plans to go to war with Russia and she made it clear tonight. She said she plans to go to war? I missed that.
The released emails can be both truthful (as in, these are real emails) AND propaganda (in that they are being spun in a manner that is decidedly untruthful), which is what is obviously happening... Wikileaks is absolutely complicit in this - they are one of the organizations that is routinely spinning the emails in a manner that is untruthful.
No. This is not even close to a tie. Trump's chances are dead.
The delusion you people suffer from is seriously concerning. Not even on some internet trolling nonsense angle here, you should seek professional help.
News flash but Russia and the US will never fight a war. First world nations like the US and Russia only go to war with pissant countries that they know they can steamroll.
HELL yea lets finish the Cold War baby. I want tanks rolling up in the red square.
> Clinton plans to go to war with Russia and she made it clear tonight. I didn't get that. I got that she is considering the no-fly zone. There is a giant leap from that to war.
And, importantly, that in order to enact a no fly zone she would need to negotiate with Russia to get them to agree on it, not just declare it and shoot anything that flies over it.
Any why on earth would Russia negotiate with her after how antagonistic she has been towards them lately?
Clinton looked so damn guilty at the pay to play Clinton foundation question. Trump is an idiot. Put a huge target on her to make sure she doesn't do sketch shit and I will sign up to volunteer for her.
What bothers me is people hate trump so much that they convinced themselves that HRC is actually a good candidate. There is no doubt in my mind that if all the WikiLeaks stuff was available before the primaries started Bernie would be our next president
She still is a pretty good candidate though. Yes, I wanted Bernie, but Clinton, even in a hypothetical race against someone like Kasich would still probably have my vote.
The thing is, realistically, people expect politicians to be crooked - to manipulate people, to lie and steal and beg and sell their souls. If you don't play the game you won't make it far. The one thing that is unforgivable is for them to be idiots. Clinton may be many things (how you can throw this accusation without acknowledging Trump's evils is beyond me) but no sane person can accuse her of being a genuine moron - Trump doesn't have the same luxury.
look, man, I hate to say it, but you're obviously young and likely weren't able to vote before Obama. this is how presidential elections go. granted, the GOP has never put up a fucking weirdo like Trump, but Clinton's a full on status quo DNC candidate.
Actually I'm 38 and own a very successful business. But because I don't share your opinion I must be young and uninformed huh.
I still disagree that if the Wikileaks stuff was out in the primaries it would've mattered, none of it is ground breaking or anything. but for real, that was dumb reactionary stuff on my part about the young and uninformed stuff, apologies. and that's cool if you like Bernie. I liked the dude too, woulda voted for him over Hillary, probably (never got that far in my state). but holy shit man, if you think Obama couldn't get shit done because of the GOP (aka, for better or worse, checks and balances) Bernie would have been on an island. yes, it's a shame, but Bernie would have close to zero support in the House or Senate. a Bernie presidency would be him making speeches and getting absolutely nothing done. mirror that with a HRC presidency with Bernie back in the Senate, and Warren beating the shit out of the GOP outta every turn. when Hillary wins Bernie and Warren are the faces of Democratic Senate. And Warren's going to be the next Fed Chair. Or I'm kinda drunk and trying to rationalize.
>Actually I'm 38 and own a very successful business. You're an Uber driver.
Lo. I do drive uber you are right. I do so for socialization not money. Check my post history I e said it enough times. That being said I do make over 10k a month afflilate marketing numerous ride share services.
So that gets you up to $120k/year - still need another $280k/year to hit your $400k claim from the other thread.
Btw you creeping in my comment history isn't normal and is quite frightening. Stop worrying about me and what I do. Weirdo
I said I own a business. Does any of this make you feel better or worse about yourself? Let's assume I'm lying does it matter. Let's assume I'm telling the truth does it matter. Hoe does my income affect you except to make you feel better or worse about yourself. Seriously wondering.
No worries, my self-worth isn't tied up in what strangers on the internet make or claim to make. It just posits an interesting, weaving, questionable narrative.
Fair enough. I'm likely gonna delete this account not because there are real creeps out there that could possibly find my business or identity. Some people have too much time and not enough life. For what it's worth I was embellishing on income. I only netted 300k in 2015. On pace for 400 this year if afflilate sites stay on their current pace.
> For what it's worth I was embellishing on income. Hey, big of you to admit it.
I do also drive for uber for socialization reasons. I stay home behind a computer all day and need interaction. Also my wife is sick of me being home so much.lol
I hear that. I turn a lot of "this should probably be an email"s into "let's have a quick call to discuss" so that I'm not home all day talking to the cats. Gotta hear another human voice once in a while.
What's this "very successful business?" Genuinely curious.
Yeah not sharing that here. Would you share where you work after ruffling feathers.
Yeah, nobody really likes her, we're all just trying to get our hands on Podesta's risotto recipe.
Nothing like Risotto, crushing freedom, and spending that sweet, sweet NWO paycheck.
It's certainly freedom-crushing... all that stirring.
HRC is a good candidate. I hate people who just generalize: The "email stuff," the "Benghazi stuff," the "wikileaks" stuff. At least have a fucking detailed point and backup your critique as to why HRC is bad. Also, none of the Wikileaks shit has even been related to anything Hillary has said, it's purely about Podesta. The devil is always in the details. Hillary is not guilty of a single crime. You can say she is as many times as you want, but that doesn't make it true. I loved Bernie. I thought he was a great candidate and Hillary wiped the floor with him. So, we move on.
She's a mass murderer who has illegally bombed my people and backed foreign coups. And that's just the tip of the iceberg. She's guilty of a lot.
Since when can a Secretary of State issue orders to the military? Do you know who the Commander in Chief is in the American system? Yes, there are many critiques of American foreign policy you can make and some critiques I would even agree with, but at least understand the basic processes of the government before you make accusations.
Do you know what purpose the Secretary of State serves? Don't patronize me, deal with the facts of Clinton's foreign policy.
> Don't patronize me, deal with the facts of Clinton's foreign policy. The facts of Clinton's foreign policy is that they are Obama's foreign policy. The secretary of state does not direct military operations. She does not order the president to bomb who she feels deserve a good bombing.
I'm not patronizing. The primary responsibility of the Secretary of State is to advise the President on matters relating to U.S. foreign policy. There is no "Clinton foreign policy" (yet), unless you are referring to Bill? There is an Obama foreign policy -- one I have mostly agreed with (drone strikes being a glaring exception).
Alright then. Clinton has never made a break with Obama on his illegal bombings, so until she apologizes for it or distances herself from his actions, she's complicit since she advised him. There is a Clinton foreign policy. It includes nasty stuff like her backing of coups in Latin America. It's also pretty fucked up to agree with Obama's foreign policy since it included continuing and expanding the War on Terror, renaming it so it would stay out of the public's eye, assassinating US citizens, and keeping Gitmo open until the bitter end.
>There is a Clinton foreign policy. It includes nasty stuff like her backing of coups in Latin America. [That's been going on since before Hillary was born](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_involvement_in_regime_change). The term "Banana Republic" mean anything to you besides overpriced khakis? 1904.
I'm well aware American foreign policy in Latin America has a huge trail of blood following it since even before Clinton. Not an excuse.
Certainly not, but it's disingenuous to single *that* out as your sole example of "a Clinton foreign policy".
Those are quite the oversimplifications. Obama inherited a horrific quagmire in Iraq and Afghanistan through no fault of his own. The US has wound down its role in both of those countries, but the thing with quagmires is that it's incredibly difficult to extricate yourself from them. Even if you manage to do it, the vacuum is quickly filled by other powers (Russia in Syria, Iran in Iraq, etc.) Closing Gitmo has been one of the promises that Obama has not kept, you are aboslutely correct. John Oliver recently did a great segment on it here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KEbFtMgGhPY I would definitely not say that Obama's goal is to keep Gitmo open "until the bitter end" -- I think quite the opposite is true. However, we don't live in a dictatorship and it's difficult to make unilateral decisions. With that said, I don't disagree with you -- Gitmo is absolutely a stain on America. Notably, Trump has pledged to expand Gitmo greatly if elected. Hillary Clinton has vowed to close it. Finally, foreign policy isn't just about one or two issues. The Obama administration has generally done an admirable job restoring some of America's reputation around many parts of the world, which was at historic lows after the horrific Bush years. The Obama administration has generally complied with international law and has worked closely with the United Nations. The Obama administration has worked tirelessly to avoid nuclear proliferation around the world and to promote free and fair elections whenever possible. Like any nation in the world, the US has made compromises, but it would be ludicrous to imply that the United States has a more aggressive stance now than it did, in say, 2003. Edit: Also, I'd love to know which country you are from to make comments about your politicians.
I am American. And Obama illegally bombing his allies (e.g. Pakistan) isn't admirable in the slightest. Neither is spreading the War on Terror and renaming it so people won't talk about it. He's the most powerful man in the world, and the commander of the military, not a toddler. He must take responsibility for allowing ISIS to take root.
Ok how about she flip flops on almost every position based on polling numbers then flips again to benefit her pals. She has done this time and time again. She lies, cheats, steals then lies some more. She has no real positions other than gun control and abortion everything else is dictated on public perception.
Random question, what sort of education do you have?
I rather answer that question by saying I own a business that nets over 400k a year. One that has been in business 5 years in a competitive niche industry helping the youth of america attain their dreams of college success .
So "high school" then?
Yes high school. Does that make me less informed? Does that make you superior? A degree doesn't make you smart it just proves you had the dedication to complete a task. I know plenty idiots with degrees. Your dumb ass statement illustrates how out of touch with reality some academia types are.
> Yes high school. Does that make me less informed? No, your other posts make you less informed. This just makes you "someone that actually answered the question with a pertinent answer". Maybe if you hadn't slacked off so much in school, you would have been able to make that distinction yourself. EDIT: Deleted entire account? Looks like it's /r/quityourbullshit time...
Yeah maybe. Or maybe I was able to start my first company I sold at age 21 for 250k without needing to go into debt paying off student loans working for 50k a year. But to each is own. So how much debt you in again?
That would sound more believable if: - $250k wasn't about the price you would sell a convenience store or hairdressing salon for - let alone the stunning start-up success you're implying you had. - You didn't spend all your time concocting similarly dubious stories about how people jack off in the back the taxi you drive (for "social reasons"). >So how much debt you in again? I owe my window cleaner a fiver.
Supposedly owns $400k/year business, spends a lot of time posting on /r/uberdrivers.
More generalities. Which position? When did she allegedly change it? Is it intrinsically bad that your opinions may change over time? Is that perhaps a good quality in a representative government? If she changes her positions so much, why is her voting record incredibly consistent? These are all questions you should research and decide for yourself. Details matter.
I called my coworker on this today. He couldn't come up with 1 specific about why those made her a poor candidate.
30 years of living under a magnifying glass, having the media scrutinize her every movement, more than 10 Benghazi hearings run by the GOP who has the most to gain by finding something, and what do they have to show for it? Some conspiracy theories and Podesta's risotto recipe. A few months of reporters looking into Trump seriously and they find the Billy Bush tapes, Foundation problems, bribes, tax issues...
Yeah, but if she's so innocent than answer this: If Hillary has nothing to hide, why won't she reveal where Ben Ghazi is buried? Or what happened to his fortune of stolen diamonds? Or why she refuses to remove that iron mask she had forged from meteoric iron by Tibetan monks?
I love you
Wtf lol
She has baggage, but I don't think it's fair to say that her heart isn't in the right place. I don't think she wants to go to war or make life worse for Americans. If anything, her leaked speeches revealed that she's actually pretty passionate about trying to do good.
Compared to Bernie she doesn't come off as a good person.
lolololololololololollololoolololollolololololololololollololoolololollolololololololololollololoolololollolololololololololollololoolololollolololololololololollololoolololollolololololololololollololoolololollolololololololololollololoolololollolololololololololollololoolololollolololololololololollololoolololollolololololololololollololoolololollolololololololololollololoolololol
Don't you have some conspiracy theories about Ecuador to peddle or something?
> I don't think she wants to go to war then why has she consistently voted for military intervention pretty much every time it's come up? note: saying "i made a mistake, sorry guys" doesn't count when you still vote the same way the next time
I don't know - maybe she felt like it was appropriate each time? I mean, I really don't think she's going to try to take us into some irrational, crazy war just because she likes wars. That's ridiculous.
> I don't know - maybe she felt like it was appropriate each time? well, then i hate to say it but trump's right, she has bad judgement.
So then... you concede that she won't just go around starting wars for fun?
no she won't, she's not insane - i never said that. but she does consistently seem rather trigger-happy. in the debate just last night, she was in favor of the no-fly zone in syria. she fully knows it risks war with russia, she admitted that military advisors have warned her against it, and yet she supports it anyway.
Well, I trust her to do what's best for this country, and for the world. She knows this stuff better than either of us do.
1 step closer to getting fucked either way I suppose
Look at the policies, voting history, platform. Hillary seems pretty reasonable.
Vote senators that will veto? There's still state issues you should really vote for.
We are doomed, doomed I tell ya, am not even gonna bother to vote(partly because I can't)
Wait why can't you vote?
Not citizen yet
Oh. Well good luck with the process. I hope you'll love this country as much as I do.
I want to buy a strap on, hide it under my skirt and wait for drump to get a handul of rubber dick. Someone should ask Taylor Swift to help carry out this plan.
http://giphy.com/gifs/basketball-swag-nqRJTIwsBftG8
Puppets? These 2 are puppets... https://imgur.com/ej5eJMM
[No, you're a puppet.](http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/muppet/images/f/f8/Character.donaldgrump.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20111227200130)
Wow two extremely r biased polls good point kayleigh
Jeffery Lord's head looks like it could please a woman greatly. It has that shape.
#CockHerUp
Trump fixing Clinton problems http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/article/donald-trump-sows-confusion-over-nato-10-18-2016 Maybe if Trump gets elected, the people that perished in the embassy can finally rest in peace. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_bombing_of_the_Chinese_embassy_in_Belgrade "Trump himself was surprisingly frank when he said, about his description of NATO as “obsolete" "Trump in which the Republican nominee reportedly apologized to Serbia for the 1999 bombing campaign of the country conducted by the then President Bill Clinton, the husband of Trump’s nemesis."
What a shitty debate cycle
Lord Jeff; 'No, Trump doesn't get flustered'
He got baited about Russia and it all unraveled from there
God van jones want's to compare gdp growth rate from the 1980s.....
Don't throw these numbers at me!
... it only gets worse if you include "golden age", WWII to mid 1970s. The entire world will have to repeatably decimated again and again. It's something like firebombing to secure the british empire so that moscow and the erural mountains are the only nuclear test sites. Hell, who is to say that nuclear weapons were targeted at japan? tokyo wasn't targeted. If the japansese were not such good pilots would the war have ended differently?
No, he wasn't. That was the Trump supporter bringing it up. Van Jones is comparing today against our western competition.
Unfortunately that needs nuance. There's a difference between a "first world" economy and a "developing" one. That terminology is equally valid if you think china should be the center of every map. Most understand cultures ebb and flow and perhaps the death toll in battle should reflect the millions starved.
I'd fuck Huma Abedin so hard
Well, she is single...
Apparently she's nothing special. I mean Anthony Weiner ran around on her like. He was still a bachelor
Yeah, weiner is an idiot.
So pretty
What about Huma Dragonlance?
What people never discuss with this election is the sheer number of voters that support trump but are afraid to admit that publicly because fear of being labelled racist.
Also the people who have sat out multiple elections and aren't polled because they aren't 'likely voters'
The likely voter screen actually gives better numbers for Trump than when looking at all registered voters. This has been true for past Republican nominees as well. If your claim was true, this wouldn't be the case.
Yeah but the thing is most registered voters are Democrats so there will Have a Democrat lean on all registered voters. Republican's are more likely to vote so they would be favorable for likely voters. Trump is not getting all the likely voter Republican's but he is getting an unknown amount of registered Republican's that may not be shown when taking all registered voters because a higher percentage is democrats.
That makes no sense. Registered voters includes ALL republicans and his numbers go up when screening for only likely voters. All the evidence is completely contradictory to your claim. Her lead among Registered voters is also larger than Obama's in 2012, much larger, meaning that it is not simply because more are Democrats. I also want to add that one of the largest polling misses in the primaries was in Iowa where polls showed Trump winning and he went on to underperform the polls and lose to Ted Cruz.
Likely voters is determined by a series of questions, not just by if they've voted.
white man's burden, lloyd my man, white man's burden... /s
Haha the "silent majority" argument. That kind of works both ways in this election.
As the centralist candidate presenting herself as a wall against scary extremists Clinton is in a much better position to benefit from a silent majority. Trump's message certainly can resonate, but by his message's radical nature it tends to attract the vocal, as such a nixon like bump on election day is quite unlikely. Hillary on the other hand, it's quite possible,.
If someone is so ashamed of their choice they won't admit it, maybe they've chosen poorly.
Or they don't want to deal with being labelled racist and people causing problems for them in their lives.
Hopefully those Trump supporters feel shame.. Who the hell am I kidding, of course they don't feel shame.
Yeah what a weird fear /s. Is that like a fear of heights?
While there are some in highly liberal areas, Trump's actual supporters tend to be highly enthusiastic and therefore willing to buck the majority in even the most liberal enclaves. Hillary's core support tends to be larger but less enthusiastic and therefore less inclined to speak. Additionally other hand a lot of people are very afraid of Trump's coalition and don't often speak of it due to this fear. If you look at the Nixon vs Mcgovern race, the striking parallel here isn't between Hillary and Mcgovern's position and Trump and Nixon's. In reality, Hillary is comparable to Nixon and Trump to Mcgovern, even if it's reversing the coalition. If you're looking for a silent majority that could take over this election, the loud radical tends to be a very poor choice.
Trump consistently underperformed his polling throughout the primaries. There is no evidence for what you're suggesting.
I'm afraid of putting a Clinton sticker on my car because I'm afraid of Trump supporters vandalizing it.
Ironic considering the majority of violence and crime this cycle has come from the liberal side (firebombing the Trump office, Chicago riots, video after video of sniggering liberals swiping and trashing lawn signs/posters, etc.)
[Yeah, except when Trump supporters do things like this](https://www.google.com/amp/dfw.cbslocal.com/2016/08/23/cruel-attacks-on-richardson-couple-with-clinton-sign-in-yard/amp/?client=safari)
Yet 5 of the top 10 Google searches for "Clinton signs stolen" are that 1 story. On the "Trump signs stolen," no duplicates. Lesson here - 1 counterexample doesn't prove the rule. Plus, have any D offices been literally firebombed?
[I have a feeling that no matter how many examples I give, it will never satisfy you](http://www.northjersey.com/community-news/fair-lawn-resident-says-clinton-lawn-sign-stolen-replaced-with-feces-covered-trump-sign-1.1665859) What evidence has there been that it was a Clinton or democrat that firebombed the building?
> Several more signs disappeared on Monday, Oct. 17, he said. Township Police Lt. John Pelkki confirmed the department received the report, but said it's not the first that police have heard about signs disappearing in the neighborhood. "That's the first official report that we've had," Pelkki said. "But, in general, we've had approximately 10 calls about stolen political signs. And every one is about a Donald Trump sign being stolen." Again, I can counter example for example. Right now we're at 15-7, based on the top 10 google searches and our latest articles/quotes. > What evidence has there been that it was a Clinton or democrat that firebombed the building? You're not going to firebomb your own side's facility. You'll notice my original statement: > Ironic considering the majority of violence and crime this cycle has come from the liberal side Not Clinton, not Democrat. Clearly radical, whoever it was, but obviously least likely would be a conservative firebombing a GOP facility.
Never heard of false flags? And so far you've only provided two examples.
The irony of falling back to "false flags" in a cycle marred by the left claiming everything the alt-right says is a conspiracy just shows you're grasping for straws. And clearly you can't read. My latest quote shows 10 instances of Trump sign theft, plus the individual and separate 5 linked stories at the top of a Google search. I re-read your article and it mentioned 6 Clinton sign thefts (though also an undefined number of Trump sign thefts), so I'm going to give you 6 there plus the dog story. So 15-7.
I know the irony. There's one of the reasons why I said it.
Oh my god that candidate was so much better than that other candidate. PLZ GIMME DAT GOOD KARMA
Garbage people, Garbage debate. Hillary a lot of dumb ideas, Trump a horrible dumpster fire of a human being. Edit: A no-fly zone over Syria with Russian planes/air defenses operating is either a lie or gobsmackingly stupid. Keep downvoting to support dumb policies.
Hillary has a lot of great ideas if you want to live like Kevin Spacey on House of Cards.
We're fucked.
Just goes to show who she represents. The military-industrial complex wants as much war in as many places as possible. Kill kill kill profit profit profit.
She seems pretty attuned to the bog standard Washington consensus foreign policy positions. The only other person that was peddling the 'no-fly zone' in the primaries was Jeb Bush.
Hillary had some great ideas, if you are center-liberal.
That's why I'm voting with Joe Exotic.
Make america exotic again
This election makes me sad. Clinton is fucking pathetic, in so many ways. That gun control conversation should have been a blood bath. She was backpedalling like a mother fucker, but trump hardly even pushed her on it.
So vote for dickbutt then throwing a temper tantrum on the internet certainly isn't doing anything.
Please tell me where I said I wasn't voting, or otherwise advocating for my positions.
It's because he doesn't legitimately hold progun views. He has just tried to memorize conservative talking points. When a slightly different question comes up than the ones he has tried to memorize, he has nothing.
I dont see why people think having gun control reform is a bad thing. What if you live next to a psycho and he has bought semi automatic weapons just because he can and one day decides hes going to go around shooting in the neighborhood. for what reason does a person need a semi automatic gun and 100s of magazines and bullets. hunting rifle, i understand; a pistol, i understand. But freaking semi automatics? Hell yeah there should be tighter laws regarding gun control.
As a republican, I think there does need to be slightly more strict gun control. The biggest thing that needs to be changed is who can get one. I do agree with clinton that there needs to be more extensive background checks and buying guns online needs to not be so easy. But, I disagree with her on her stance that if you're on a no fly list you cant get a gun. I disagree with her on this because getting on the no-fly list is a hell of a lot easier than one may think. People get put on it for the stupidest, non violent, reasons ever. Now if someone is being investigated by the FBI for having potential terrorist group affiliation, hell yeah they shouldnt be able to buy guns.
if i could have it my way, i would have a complete and total shut down of guns in america. like those cop guns too. all guns. guns are bad mmkay. but to the very least, i think the only people who have guns should have it for a valid reason. you don't need more than 1 gun to protect your family. and you don't need a machine gun to go hunting with. i don't even think people should go hunting for that matter. as far as the no-fly list, look anyone stupid enough to get on the no-fly list should not have access to a gun.
> i would have a complete and total shut down of guns in america As I'm sure you know, something like this just isnt possible. There's no way in hell people would give up their guns. Actually, the more people that have guns, the safer it is really. Someone is way less incline to go shoot someone else if they know of think that there's a high possibility of them having a gun. >you don't need more than 1 gun to protect your family. and you don't need a machine gun to go hunting with. Even people with many guns yell at those that do actually go hunting with AR's a shit. Also, the "AR's" that us citizens can buy do not stand for Assault Rifle. They stand for Armalite Rifle. Huge, HUGE difference. I should also note that typically people who buy AR's and opther type of guns do so because collecting guns is a hobby to them. Typically those people are very knowledgeable with guns and gun safety. Hell, I'd go as far as saying the vast majority of people with guns are safe and not stupid about them. But you're of course going to get a few bad apples, that goes with everything though. And there will always be accidents. Anything that has the potential to be dangerous will have accidents. I mean, people fucking hurt themselves with the stupidest shit lol
don't feed the trolls it's just an r/donald loon.
> Also, did you know 5 times more people died from knives in 2015 than those that died from guns? This would have to represent a huge departure from the norm. The three years before 2015 had firearm deaths far outnumbering knife deaths. You can play with the data visualization [here](https://www.quandl.com/data/FBI/WEAPONS11-US-Murders-by-Weapon-Type).
look lots of things can kill people, even cars can. But we've seen that if we are responsible killing doesn't happen. Car accidents kill, don't drink and drive, don't text and drive, car accidents reduce and killing reduces. Knives kill, no questions about it. that's why we can't go to CVS and randomly purchase a samurai sword or a machete. Walmart sells guns. freaking walmart. i'm anti violence in general and imo gun violence is very avoidable and unnecessary. However, i do see the other point of view. that is why i said "if i had it my way" which i don't. i understand that guns are tradition and people feel protected and such other justifications. I understand completely. But what i don't understand is how people think that having stricter gun control laws are a bad thing. If you want a gun, you can get one, after theres a thorough background check and waiting period of at least 3-4 days (incase you were making an impulse purchase to kill someone or yourself). i don't see why thats such an evil thing.
Just FYI, it's just as easy to be investigated by the FBI, as it is to get on a no fly list. A persons constitutionally guaranteed rights, should only be removed after they have been convicted of a crime. Arbitrarily stripping rights, is an incredibly dangerous thing to do.
> A persons constitutionally guaranteed rights, should only be removed after they have been convicted of a crime. Arbitrarily stripping rights, is an incredibly dangerous thing to do. I do agree with this. There is quite a bit of gray area what I said about being investigated by the FBI
It's very clear that you don't know what you're talking about. Pistols (except some revolvers) are semi automatic. Anyways, I'm not against gun control. I don't think people should be able to have anything they want, and I don't think people with violent criminal records should have guns. BUT, Clinton is extremely anti gun. In the debate, she acted like she just wanted background checks, but her voting record says otherwise. In my opinion, there is a very simple solution, which would also help to demilitarize the police. What ever the police are allowed to have, the citizens should be allowed to have, and vice versa. Easy peasy, everyone wins. Edit: added some
>In the debate, she acted like she just wanted background checks, but her voting record says otherwise. I pulled her voting history and found [THIS](https://votesmart.org/candidate/key-votes/55463/hillary-clinton/37/guns). Which of these suggests to you that she is extremely anti-gun?
2, 3, and 5
If you actually read that those are the ones she voted NO on. LOL
No shit. Those were bills to defend gun rights. She voted against them.
So let me get this straight, you like it when she votes for more strict gun control laws but you don't like it when she votes against uplifting gun control laws?
What are you talking about? The three bills I listed, were bills to protect gun ownership rights. She voted against them. That shows that she is in favor of stripping the rights discussed in the bills. The other bills, were bills restricting gun sales. I support, or am neutral towards those bills, so I don't care how she voted on them. This is not a difficult concept. If you can't figure it out, you should try to talk to people anymore.
Thank you for replying. I see the point you're making, though I think in the Firearm Confiscation amendment, the language only applies to states of emergency and was a matter of funding. The other two relate to the liability manufacturers have when their products do harm. Without debating the merits of those two, I don't agree that they characterize her as very anti-gun. There's no attempt to ban guns or prevent citizens from purchasing guns.
She's attempting to discourage gun manufacturers from continuing business. There is no other industry in the country, that is held accountable, when their products are misused. I could put rat poison in your food, and the company who made it, would be punished. How is that different from me shooting you with a riffle?
If a company made something that was explicitly designed to kill and injure other human beings and marketed that to all people, it's not a stretch to hold them liable for the loss of those lives. Comparing guns to other goods doesn't work because other goods are not designed to kill people as rapidly as possible. So, guns are constitutionally protected, which is great. So is speech. Also great. Unless that speech is crafted with the sole purpose of inciting violence. Then, that speech is no longer free.
Guns are designed to kill people *when it is legally allowed*. They are designed for self defense, and are marketed as such. Anyone who uses a gun to kill another person, outside of the law, is using the gun, in a way that was never intended by the manufacturer. Again, this is not different than me using a pocket knife to stab you, rat poison to poison you, or fireworks to burn down your house. Allowing gun manufacturers to be sued, when someone commits murder with them, is absolutely ridiculous.
>Guns are designed to kill people when it is legally allowed If so, then it stands to reason that people who buy guns should be able to demonstrate an understanding of the law and when it permits them to use the weapon? Rat poison is made to kill rats, not humans. Pocket knives are made to help with utility cutting tasks that don't require a full knife. Fireworks are designed to scare the shit out of my dog, not burn my house down.
I think you highlighted why we have problems with this. A lot of gun control advocates don't really have experience with guns or gun culture. When they try and talk about the issue though it's not reasonable gun owners that are part of the conversation, it's people who think kindergarten teachers should be deputized and bazookas should be legal. Only when the reasonable gun owners take over for the whackos will we get any laws that make sense.
I agree. Right now, the reasonable voices, on both sides, are being drowned out by loony toons. This has caused the left to view the right as a bunch of rednecks that want to have rail guns in their backyard. It has also caused the right to view the left as a bunch of ignorant buffoons, who don't know anything about guns, and are passing laws that make responsible ownership, a pain in the ass. This is true of the majority of device live issues, in politics. For example, with abortion. Trump was talking about Clinton ripping children out of mothers, the day before they were due (I mean wtf was he even talking about?). But then you had Clinton, who continued to spout the idea that the conservative view on abortion is about restricting women, which is just not true. Unfortunately, the most vocal opponents to abortion, are complete fucking assholes, but the majority of people that don't support abortion, are not wanting to restrict women. Most of them, legitimately believe that fetuses deserve protection. Whether you agree with that or not, it's still incredibly disingenuous to portray them, the way Clinton did.
Second Amendment Defenders believe in the back of their minds that someday they're going to need an arsenal required to overthrow the government. You want to trip them up, ask them why they don't emphasize the rights to make and keep explosives. I mean why draw the line with assault rifles?
> You want to trip them up, ask them why they don't emphasize the rights to make and keep explosives. I've been asking about Stinger missiles lately. If you are standing up to the government you are going to need some surface to air weapons to deal with the incredible amount of helicopters, planes, and drones that our military has at it's disposal. It's crazy the talk about corruption and money in politics when the NRA is one of a relatively small organization compared to the amount of influence they get on our lawmaking.
the second amendment was written in the 1700s. guns took forever to load and fire. today, a kid can take his parents gun and shoot up a school. yet people make the argument that if other kids had guns too, they could kill him before he did anything? wut? how about if nobody had gun? than nobody would die? isn't that a better outcome?
The second amendment is to defend people against the tyranny of the state. I don't think it's possible to even the playing field, between the army, and the people. However, I think it should be a priority to level the field between police and the people. If the police can use a tank to break down a drug dealers door, that drug dealer should be able to have a tank waiting on the other side of the door.
And yet, when citizens DO stand up to police the same people who support the 2nd amendment go absolutely apeshit and wish that the cops would just gun them all down (see the riots in charlotte, etc)
True. I don't pretend that all pro gun people are good people.
Reread what you said and tell me you don't sound crazy . or you need to edit in a /s
What's crazy, is the fact that police are allowed to use tanks, in the first place. I'm not saying everyone should have tanks. I'm saying no one should (excluding the actual military, which should never be used to enforce the law, except in the case of outright violent rebellion). My point was that police, as civilians, should be subjected to the same restrictions when it comes to firearms.
That's insane.
No, it's not. What's insane is that police *have* tanks in the first place.
Yes, but it was also before sidewinder missiles and B2 bombers were a thing. Assault rifles sort of (but not really) level the playing field. I'm in a strange boat as being a democrat with a lot of conservative values...note that I use the word conservative and not republican. I'm super pro-gun, and I do believe that it's important for households to be armed. We have a nominee who said he may not accept the results of the election. Could you imagine if he had been president for 4 years and said that during his re-election, and had a lot of military support? I mean...that's how you get an armed rebellion and transition into a dictatorship. I wouldn't want to be the dumbass without a gun in that scenario...bigger the better.
I don't understand why people think it's all or nothing. There's nothing wrong with smart gun control.
Even Scalia held that position. No one really believes that the "right to bear arms" is absolute, unless you're ready to argue that private citizens should be able to own nukes. That there is a line is not up for debate; the question is where to draw it.
In Canada, it's legal to own pretty much every gun that's legal to own in America, we just have much different laws surrounding them. In Canada, we have three classes of firearms: non-restricted, restricted, and prohibited. Non-restricted tend to be long-rifles used for hunting and the like and are relatively easy to obtain. Prohibited weapons are: Handguns will barrel lengths less than 106 mm in length, handguns that fire 25 or 32 calibre cartridges, rifles or shotguns less than 660 mm in length or with a barrel less than 457 mm in length, and automatic weapons. Restricted weapons are: Any handgun that isn’t prohibited, any non-prohibited, semi-automatic firearm with a barrel less than 470 mm in length, and any firearm that can be fired when reduced to a length less than 660 mm by folding or other means. So bearing the above in mind, it's legal to own an AR-15 in Canada, but it's a restricted firearm. This means that on top of having a regular license for firearms, you have to take a restricted firearms safety course, apply for an “authorization to transport,” which allows individuals to legally move the weapon from one location to another and is issued only at the discretion of the jurisdiction’s chief firearms officer, AND you are subject to a *manual* process completed by the RCMP which involves them interviewing several references provided by the purchaser and might also involve them interviewing former partners and local law enforcement.
What kind of dumb ass measure is barrel length? That's completely irrelevant to the safety of the weapon.
Obviously one that whooshes over your head. It's about concealment. Also longer barrel rifles tend to have a longer range. Maybe guns laws should take into more consideration than a teenagers knowledge of weapons based on Call of Duty.
Concealment is irrelevant. Concealed carry and open carry are not different. That's just more arbitrary horse shit. Hunting riffles have longer range than any pistol, regardless of barrel length, so that is even more arbitrary horse shit. I'm not suggesting they listen to teenagers. I'm suggesting they actually look at statistics that effect the potential harm the gun can cause. Rate of fire, mussel velocity, etc. Using barrel length is incredibly narrow. We need to take a rational approach to gun control, and stop using loosely guises ploys to eliminate all gun ownership.
I don't even think you even believe your comment makes sense.
Ok? Why are you even bothering to comment, if you're not going to contribute to the discussion?
Ability to conceal the weapon I assume
Yup, it's about concealment, not safety.
Which would be an aspect of safety, no?
Yeah -- but more in the sense of the person using the gun, not the gun itself.
Right hence the regulations and training needed to qualify for a concealable weapon. Make sure the person is responsible enough to be allowed a concealed weapon.
It's incredible how one sided this thread is. If you watched that debate and think either candidate was the clear winner you're just being bias. Look both made good points and both made reality tv comments. I just can't believe how much you're bashing that idiot and praising the other idiot. But that's par for the course. These are just two doors with different signs but the hallways behind both doors still leads to the slaughter house. We need systemic election change not just a different idiot to elect. We keep screwing in new bulbs but the lamp is still broken.
So agree!! Very one sided. I could care less about either one of them honestly and would like a do over. I now see why i refrain from having discussions about hot button topics. Bc ppl dont know how to have their opinion without making it a verbal or emotional world war. Respect others choices, opinions or what not and keep it moving.
This is a great way to put it. We would get along well over a beer. It's sad to watch Trump supporters say "he def won" and then Hillary folks are saying the exact same thing. I just watched and thought America lost but hey I need to shut up and cast my vote everything will work itself out until it wont.
Me too bud...cheers! Lets vote and see how this popsicle stand holds up
This entire sub is entirely one sided. It's actually a joke. I'm glad I'm not the only one who noticed because I was starting to think I was going crazy.
I felt relieved when it ended and I could witness rational conversations via the CNN post debate panel....and that's not saying much. Their debate is similar to how my 8 and 12 year old fight without the use of hombres
That is why I am for moving towards a unicameral Parliamentary System of Legislative Government that is voted on using Mixed-Member Proportional voting. Woo!
Totally agree about changing the voting system, but what exactly is wrong with our mixed representation bicameral house?
By house I am assuming you mean bicameral congress (i.e. House of Reps and the Senate)? If that is the case, I just personally am not a fan of the idea of the Senate because I believe it to be truly undemocratic. That is because the Senate is an institution where as many Senators represent the 600,000 residents of North Dakota as the 35,000,000 residents of California. If you want me to dive deeper into this, let me know.
That's the entire point of the house though. To keep the smaller states from being disenfranchised, while the Senate ensures that California, Texas, Florida and New York don't run the entire country forever and always.
From a neutral perspective, afterwards I thought to myself that it was definitely a draw. It didn't seem like either candidate was completely blown out of the water with a knockout punch. Which is the only way to have a clear win in these things. I'm not sure how useful it is to call a winner because it's just reducing the whole thing down to being a sport. However, I do think that Clinton can claim a victory for herself. From her (and her campaigns) standpoint, she was just looking to deflect away any bad topics, stick to talking about her policies and bring Trump onto the defensive. She did all those things. She didn't need a knock out blow because she's already doing well in the polls. On the Trump side of things, since he was doing badly in the polls, he needed to ally fears that some undecided voters have - in regards his character. Along with deflecting away from his scandals while talking about his policies. He managed to talk about his policies which is a good thing, whether or not people agree with them. However some of the language he used was a bit too heavy handed (ripping baby's out of their mothers?!) He doubled down on the rigged election stuff which was always going to be bad for him. He didn't do the best job of deflecting the sexual harassment stuff either. But how could he? So Trump didn't really do what he needed to do for his campaign. Clinton got what she wanted. So that's why people are calling it a win for Clinton I suppose. It was always going to be a hard night for Trump though as being behind in the polls means you have to play on the offensive. Clinton just played defense all night and that was enough.
It is a job interview . If you can't hear the lack of intelligence in the way Trump expresses his thoughts , the repeating of buzz words , the awful syntax, the lack of coherence relating to argument building, then God help you .
I'd agree with that. His language isn't professional enough. Plus shouting, "Wrong!" randomly doesn't look good. But the truth is, many people don't care about that. They see it as Trump not being the same old politician. That he is saying it like it is etc. People want a change and it's hard to deny that Trump would be a change. I just don't think many people have thought past that point.
That is scary , but really couldn't the spokesman for change be somebody not that obviously stupid? Christ , Joe the Plumber could articulate the right wing message better than Trump
Funny, people don't like their democracy being called into question before the votes have even been cast. That was not a "Reality TV" moment, it was an attack on our system of government. Clinton could've been fall down drunk during the debate and still won based on that comment alone.
The only bad thing you can say about Hillary is that she pivoted from some hard questions, but then Trump got triggered hard every time and successfully let her pivot. But hey, I'm just biased so who cares.
> If you watched that debate and think either candidate was the clear winner you're just being bias. The opposite is true, actually >_> /s >Look both made good points and both made reality tv comments. Not at the same rate of good point-making though. >I just can't believe how much you're bashing that idiot and praising the other idiot. But that's par for the course. These are just two doors with different signs but the hallways behind both doors still leads to the slaughter house. Ugh, not this nonsense again. Hillary is not the first choice of many liberals/progressives. However, alleging that she is comparable to Donald Trump is absurd. >We need systemic election change not just a different idiot to elect. We keep screwing in new bulbs but the lamp is still broken. I don't disagree. Until that happens though, we're having debates, and we will declare winners of those debates...
Look, you're hiring somebody to do a job. I myself wish it was a choice of Clinton and, say, Gerald Ford; two really qualified applicants with different policies. And I wish that the system was perfect and the world was simple. But they aren't. Do you really think that there's an equivalence between Clinton and Trump, as far as experience, ability, training, education, temperament, judgement? Would you hire somebody to work for you whose sole qualification is confidence? Is impatient, emotional, touchy, egotistical, blames others for his mistakes, doesn't listen to advice, makes up stories and facts? Trump is not only the boss from hell, he's the employee from hell, the co-worker from hell and, if you ask any of the people who invested in his casino ventures and lost all their money, the entrepreneur from hell.
You and others seem to mistake my comment as saying that I'm a Trump supporter and you guys have instantly gotten defensive. I hate Trump and I hate Hillary. Trump is one of the worst options we could have. Hillary is the system and she's been able to play the game by breaking rules. Who is the better choice? Even with all the shitty things she's done around the globe you have to say Hillary because Trump is a dumb psycho and Hillary is an experienced political psycho. The point I was making wasn't in favor of either candidate and I don't understand Hillary supporters instantly taking that as an insult that I'm against her only. I'm against both candidates. I'm against the system we have in place. And lastly I'm against just picking a side and sticking with it. I'm also not saying these things to come across as better than others by simply staying in the middle. I hope we can all get together and fix this issue so we never have two awful awful options like we have at the moment. Vote for lesser of two evils isn't the solution.
You only get one of these two people. You're roughly ten years too late to start affecting this election. So quit it with the false equivalence and start working on changing things for the future. A protest vote will not bring about election reform. Literally nothing in the current election could. You need to elect good local candidates, then move them up to state legislatures where they can change the voting rules state by state.
What reality tv comments did Clinton make?
Yes please. In your opinion what was one good point Trump made?
hey!! trump was so good did you hear what he said about the puppet. and she kept saying false things and he said "wrong". What a man! perfect for president.
> If you watched that debate and think either candidate was the clear winner you're just being bias. Look both made good points and both made reality tv comments. I'm having trouble identifying what good point Trump made.
"Make me stop; pass laws to make me stop."
"Nobody has more respect for women than I do." (Audience laughter)
[removed]
Go ahead,you can do anything to women
Nice, I might grab some tic tacs first
Gross
[removed]
When did she give that speech? A no-fly zone may be more feasible today than when she gave that speech.
Not according to the Obama administration, Obama's advisors, or the US military.
The real issue with a no fly-zone is - Will the coalition shoot down a Russian or Syrian jet if those are the only two countries that don't agree to the no-fly zone. That mean's this is about relationships. The reason Obama publicly says he's against the no-fly zone, which is stating 'we will shoot down your jets', may not align with his private opinion on the matter and the course he thinks the United States should take in the future. Anyways, the situation will continuously develop, including Hillary Clintons knowledge of the situation. Running for president is much different than being President.
ISIS doesn't have an air force, so the Syrian and Russian jets would be who a US-proposed no-fly zone would be meant to shut out. Aside from the Russian opposition to a no-fly zone, there are other reasons why it is inadvisable. -First is the Syrian casualties creating it would cause - something Clinton spoke of herself in that speech. -Second is that it doesn't do a thing to stop ISIS, a ground force, from continuing to do what it has been doing. If anything, it will allow them to act more easily with the threat from the air removed. -Third is it requires troops on the ground, which few in the US would want to do. Clinton's knowledge on the situation doesn't seem to be developing at all considering she's still pushing for the same action despite being given plenty of reasons from plenty of individuals on why it is inadvisable.
> ISIS doesn't have an air force, so the Syrian and Russian jets would be who a US-proposed no-fly zone would be meant to shut out. Yes, it would be meant to shut out the ones bombing non-ISIL targets. Much of the world sympathizes with the Syrian people being bombed with Russian and Syrian support; but quite a few countries have air power in Syria so, ideally all of them would have to agree to it. > First is the Syrian casualties creating it would cause Exactly how would a no-fly zone cause more casualties? If it were successful, it would keep many Syrians, including women and children, from being bombed. > Second is that it doesn't do a thing to stop ISIS, a ground force, from continuing to do what it has been doing. ISIL isn't the problem a no-fly zone would be trying to solve. > Third is it requires troops on the ground, which few in the US would want to do. There are *already* troops on the ground combating ISIL. This would **not** require US to occupy territory in Syria. > Clinton's knowledge on the situation doesn't seem to be developing at all considering she's still pushing for the same action despite being given plenty of reasons from plenty of individuals on why it is inadvisable. Hillary's knowledge of the situation is FAR greater than yours and mind combined.
Clinton herself explained how establishing a no-fly zone would create casualties. From her speech to Goldman Sachs: *"To have a no fly zone you have to takeout all of the air defense, many of which are located in populated areas. So our missiles, even if they are standoff missiles so we’re not putting our pilots at risk -- you’re going to kill a lot of Syrians.”* You're right about ISIS not being the problem a no-fly zone would be trying to solve, which is precisely the issue. Both Assad and Russia want to engage ISIS, but their ability to do so becomes hindered if they cannot use airstrikes. By taking that option off the table it turns the conflict into a ground force battle, which is what ISIS has already been fighting it as. Yes, there are already people fighting them on the ground, but a removal of their air options means more will be required. If a combination of air and ground are already struggling to beat them back, ground alone won't manage it easier.
> Both Assad and Russia want to engage ISIS, but their ability to do so becomes hindered if they cannot use airstrikes. Except Syria and Russia have been attacking more than just ISIL. > If a combination of air and ground are already struggling to beat them back, ground alone won't manage it easier. Neither you nor I are military experts or even know the situation in Syria so speculating what would or wouldn't happen if their was or wasn't a no-fly zone is a bit of a waste of time.
She talked about diplomatic/political solutions as a preference, and she's the only major candidate in the race who even considers those to be viable solutions.
You have little sense of history, little understanding of the world. Quick--who is Lucius Cornelius Sulla? Quick--what did it take to get into college during the lifetime of the Founders? There is only one person on that stage that could bring about WW3 and it is not Clinton. Nixon was a mad man, but he was no where as dangerous as Trump. The worse thing is a fool who thinks he is a genius. Anyway, the Founders only wanted a "type" of person to vote, the landed gentry. People like them, people who grew up reading Cicero in Latin. They "examined the ancient Republics like corpses" and tried to build one that would last. If one of them woke up from the unbroken night and was told, "America, your creation, it is all Blues and Greens, just like it was in the Republic and Empire." They would shit the grave. They shaped our government after a Republic they loved and admired and we ended up with the same old Optimates vs Populares. In fact, Trump isn't even close to Sulla--I doubt Trump can win the electoral college and Sulla did not lose. Trump is pathetic, he is our Publius Clodius Pulcher.
The only person standing on that stage saying that they would take actions that a US general recently warned would cause war with Russia (and Syria) was Clinton. That would be WW3.
You think a long protracted process she would begin in order to try to set up a No Fly would cause WW3 and the Cuban Missile Crisis did not?????? Please....lay out your scenario for the exchange of nuclear weapons brought about if she attempted to begin a No Fly. Remember, on the trail they claim they will do something, become president then try and fail. See: Obama and Guantanamo.
> Scariest part of this debate was when Clinton re-iterated her plans to establish a no-fly zone in Syria despite the opposition Opposition from who? Presumably another foreign policy expert? >Her claim that it will save a lot of lives contradicts her speech to Goldman Sachs leaked by Wikileaks You mean the one from two years ago?
Opposition from the Obama administration that rejected it, Obama advisors who have in the past explained why it wouldn't work, and opposition from the US military in the form of General Dunford just recently stating: *“Right now, Senator, for us to control all of the airspace in Syria it would require us to go to war, against Syria and Russia. That’s a pretty fundamental decision that certainly I’m not going to make.”*
To be fair, she qualified it with how it wouldn't be immediate and only over specific zones to start with.
In 1993 their was a no fly zone in iraq and it temporarily stopped the war.
Was Russia on the other side of that conflict?
I believe so. They had a different president then Bush never invaded Iraq. The Russian president was really good friends with Bill Clinton, so Russia and America weren't enemies then...
It's a different situation this time around. The reason a no-fly zone in Syria won't work is because of what happened in Libya with the no-fly zone. That's why Russia is opposed to it in Syria.
If Hillary negotiated with Putin would it work? Not sure what she could do but it might. In the 90s they had these "meetings" where all the leaders would get together and they would hash out deals, it sounded really cool. Then George Bush came and the meetings stopped, and low and behold everything went chaotic. I am not sure what happened during Obama's presidentcy but I suspect it was similar to Bush.
Clinton's relationship with Putin and Russia are terrible. If Obama hasn't been able to negotiate it with Putin, she certainly won't be able to. The problem is that Russia didn't want to support the no-fly zones in Libya, but they went along with it anyway, then the regime change they disagreed with happened. With the US having already said they'd like to see regime change in Syria, Putin isn't going to fall for the same ploy twice. I miss those days when diplomacy and mediators actually existed. I remember them well, but as moderate politicians were pushed to the sidelines diplomacy took on Bush's "You're either with us or against us" mentality.
Could you link this?
Link what? The speech to Goldman Sachs? Excerpts can be found here: http://www.cbsnews.com/news/clintons-goldman-sachs-speech-transcripts-in-latest-podesta-email-dump/ *“My view was you intervene as covertly as is possible for Americans to intervene. We used to be much better at this than we are now. Now, you know, everybody can’t help themselves. They have to go out and tell their friendly reporters and somebody else... But the idea that we would have like a no fly zone -- Syria, of course, did have when it started the fourth biggest army in the world. It had very sophisticated air defense systems. They’re getting more sophisticated thanks to Russian imports. To have a no fly zone you have to takeout all of the air defense, many of which are located in populated areas. So our missiles, even if they are standoff missiles so we’re not putting our pilots at risk -- you’re going to kill a lot of Syrians.”*
I kinda feel Putin is going to force that hand no matter who is elected, after making veiled threats towards his neighbors, Finland now being the latest
You are right Neville, we should just let Putin do what he wants. Ukraine, Syria, Iran, Turkey, Serbia, Moldava-Transnistria, Romania. Anything less would be WW3 and is unthinkable. We've only established no-fly zones in similar situations countless times before, but no it is practically a declaration of war. I mean did you actually hear her answer? She said she would negotiate it carefully with Russia, not "My first act as president is I'm gonna start shooting down Russian jets"
The takeaway for me was that, yet again, Hillsry is in full support of arming rebels and uprooting a regime on our dollar.
Well then you misinterpreted her comments. I'm sure it isn't the first time you have done that. I'm sure you think she is a literal demon as well.
Did you not listen to the question she was asked? General Dunford had said it *would* practically be a declaration of war. *“Right now, Senator, for us to control all of the airspace in Syria it would require us to go to war, against Syria and Russia. That’s a pretty fundamental decision that certainly I’m not going to make.”* She's not going to be able to negotiate it with Russia because of what happened with the no-fly zone in Libya. That's why Russia has been opposing it in Syria, and that reason isn't going to change.
You have no idea what negotiation means, do you? Russia will come to the table because unlike Trump Hillary Clinton knows how to apply diplomatic pressure to get results. A No Fly zone is inevitable, it will likely be in place long before she takes office. It is not preferable to have super powers on opposing sides of a conflict actively engaged in bombing targets. That is much more likely to start a more serious conflict. As for "what happened" with Libya UNSC 1973 clearly outlined the parameters there, and NATO did not violate them. I'm sorry that as a troll you probably lost one of your idols in life, but trying to turn it into this huge disaster as if the only alternative was peace and prosperity is ridiculous.
And really come on. Syria isn't Russia and getting your plain shot down in shady fashion by turkey is one thing but trying to bomb a no fly zone set up by the US and presumably some ally's is some real aggressive shit.
It would be a joint no fly zone as she said, so Russia would agree to it and be enforcing it as well. They would likely have an interest in it as it will provide protection for Assad or some other concession to their interests in the region most likely.
Russia wouldn't agree to a no-fly zone in Syria. That bridge was burned by what happened in Libya after they supported the no-fly zone there.
Fair enough but Russia and the us don't have a great history in negotiating over war zones Example: Yugoslavia
I would argue that Yugoslavia could have been a lot worse as well. I will take that over what is currently going on in Syria, for sure. You would not? Thousands of deaths would be avoided, and millions of fewer refugees would have been created. We are talking YEARS of bombings of civilian areas. The utter destruction of Aleppo. The international community has a responsibility to step in at a point and attempt to force a peace or at the very least a reduction in the scale of violence. We have gotten close with the Russians in the past on Syria, and once they see that their patsy Trump is clearly not going to ever be in the white house they will come to the table again. Unfortunately even for the most Dovish of people, this is the reality of international politics. Syria has had an international effect. It is destabilizing, the refugee crisis is extremely real and devastating, it can't simply be ignored (we can't turn them back now). We can't as Trump suggests just quickly, and ruthlessly bomb our way to a solution. But we also need to help bring peace to the region as a leading part of the international community. It isn't nation building American adventurism when we are talking about diplomacy to help end a brutal civil war with no end in sight.
Ok totally Yugoslavia was obviously not an international fuck up on Syrians scale so maybe not the best example, that's fair. But it was by no means because Russia and NATO made agreements and cooperated. Serbia was one of Russias oldest ally's and there was a lot of "little green men" fighting there during the break up. We came surprisingly close to a shooting war with Russia in Kosovo
Isn't Yugoslavia where Hillary provided cover for Chelsea as they dodged sniper fire?
CNN is really terrible. If the media wasn't such a disgrace neither Trump nor Clinton would have had a chance at being the ones debating tonight.
I'm starting to think that some of these panelists are actors, that they don't actually believe the words coming out of their mouths
It defiantely seems more important to them to stay in their role than trying to having an informed discussion. A lack of wits might cater to that behaviour.
Well, kinda of boring debate compared to the other ones. Interesting approach by Trump. Being down that he is, I thought he'd go a little more on the attack. Looks like he continued with the "looking Presidential" theme. Took his shots when they were appropriate. Hilary looks like she's just trying to not fuck up, honestly. I think this election comes down to turn out. Can Trump get a hue white male turn out. Also getting out new voters for the RNC. On the flip side Hilary needs millennials and African Americans to turn out for her.
Hillary needs AAs, millennials, Latinos, women, and college-educated men. How will she ever win when those are all the voters she is relying on?
She's going to get for sure 3 of those you named (millennials, Latinos, and women) What makes a difference is how many stay home vs. how many actually turn out.
Everyone supporting Hillary will turn out because they're scared shitless of even the remote possibility of Trump winning.
Clinton stayed collected and stated fact after fact, but Trump for the first time in this cycle didn't act like a toddler throwing a tantrum, so I would say they were pretty evenly matched. Edit: I seem to have forgotten my /s
For the first 20-30 minutes, then after that he was as about coherent as a toddler.
His mic must have been broken again since you didn't hear anything the rest of us did.
Clinton knocked Trump off the park in each and every point, Trump looked visibly shaken after the first 30 minutes. I mean things like nasty women, wrong, Iran vs Iraq, showed how much he lost it
When I wasn't listening to words they seemed about the same, but on words I say she took it overall... but she had some really poor phrase choices. When asked of wrong doing saying there is no evidence does not sound re-assuring.
The whole might not accept the result part kinda suggests otherwise though?
What? To me he acted like the biggest toddler tonight... more then previous debates.
he called clinton a nasty woman, brought back his WRONG schtick. YOU ARE THE PUPPET shoutout, yeah he didnt act like a toddler
To further illustrate my point of HRC not having many real supporters answer this question. HRC or 4 More years of Obama?
Both. Obama is good people's. Hillary is a lifetime democrat and all democrats try to serve the will of the people and the will of the party plaform. If Obama would've had a democratic congress is numbers would be closer to 75 percent.
Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are two completely separate human beings, and more importantly, separate Americans with different hopes, dreams, goals and ambitions. Not to mention different experiences. Hillary Clinton has different personal relationships abroad than President Obama.
U didn't answer the question
Your question is flawed, it'll be 4 years of HRC, who's policies are similar yet slightly different to Obamas.
After these debates, yes. 8 years of Hillary then a combenatin of Corey Booker/ Elizabeth Warren / Tulsi Gabbard as Pres/VP hopefully the republican or a third party will put up even better candidates as that's what's best for the US but until they do I would like to see this. Also a Supreme Court that reflects the willamd sentiment of the poeple.
Either, not trump tho. Personally I want Hillary tho for the record. I like Obama more but at this point he looks like he just wants to go home, and she wants it sooooooooo bad it's a little funny.
HRC. Because I respect the constitution and the American institution. Obama can't run again.
What was your point about her not having 'any real supporters'? Look at the polls. She has plenty of support.
But they're obviously just bots stuffing the polls.
According to Trump, they're one and the same.
If only Trump could be right about one thing.
[deleted]
if it isn't a complete win for trump, which it clearly wasn't, it completes hillary's win. He's significantly behind.
Trump got into the same habits that hurt him in round one. He got baited by Putin and it went all downhill
I'll bite. What did Trump win on?
Except that polls will show it was
It was a big win for Hillary but only because Trump fumbled the ball multiple times. While I agree she wasn't bringing her A game and past presidents have done much better during debates, she's clearly won this one.
There are plenty of reasonable commenters here. Overall it was pretty much a tie - Hillary did what she should have done in her position and played defense. Trump needed to win enormously with an all-out shellacking of Hillary in the debate to make up his huge deficit, which didn't happen. Nothing truly shocking or exciting was said by either candidate, certainly nothing on the scale of "[not paying taxes] makes me smart" from the first debate. This debate should pretty much have zero effect in terms of swaying anyone to the other side.
Trump needed to win bigly to even have a chance and he didn't, so now he'll spend the next three weeks unhinged and talking about conspiracy theories.
http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/096/564/2f7.jpg
Did she lose? I think it was Trump's best performance yet, but he still lost.
Trump was his best on the 2nd debate. This was a pretty shitty performance even by Trump standards.
Yeah, it was a total win for Clinton. Sorry not sorry.
I'll bite, how was it a win for Trump?
Did her win **TRIGGER** you?
The biggest takeaway is that Trump refused to say he would accept the results of the election. He came off like a tinpot dictator right at the end.
Which will be one of the sound bites for the next week. It was almost a certainty that it would come up and his response could not have been worse. Was it not expected?
Just curious... can we critique Hillary here?
No, we fucking cannot! I don't care what you think about her because she didn't say she'd leave me in suspense when it came to abiding by the result of the election, so no, there is no longer room to complain about why Hillary is not your ideal. This is not the time or the place to have that discussion because the ONLY alternative to her becoming President is Trump becoming president. And he just shit all over th econstitution, he said he may not accept the result of the election. I cannot overstate how serious that is. I'm not saying you have to be a person who even agrees with Hillary on policy, but unfortunately because of the things Trump has said all through his campaign, that does not matter at all.
Well hopefully we can have better options in 2020... Elizabeth Warren would be nice.
Yes, do it. Crack an egg of knowledge all over my head.
Just prepare for downvotes if you do.
lol just decided to just let some steam of in a rant and got 40 downvotes. Granted I sounded like an idiot (didn't write it in a great structure and didn't feel like quoting my sources but I have them) but I could have taken my sweet time to perfectly write everything like an essay, but I already knew that I would get shit on anyway.
I'm happy to hear a critique if it's backed up by facts not sourced from Breitbart, Infowars, or previously debunked weeks before this debate.
Sure, but you've gotta do it honestly. Like, Clinton took a pretty hard hit when the Clinton Foundation pay-for-play topic came up and she just talked about how much good the Clinton Foundation does in the world. It felt like she was asking America to tolerate corruption for the greater good. As a Clinton voter, that one made me wince. I feel like she won every other exchange, even if some were narrow.
reasonable ones sure. She pivoted in the Wikileaks accusations. Called for an intelligence surge. Had a flimsy response to the open borders leak response. etc.
Yes? I know you're trying to make some kind of point, but it's a dumb point
Hillary wouldn't bring ratings.
Hillary: Come at me bro! lmao
I am still a salty bernie"bro" not gonna lie.
sure. go ahead?
Oh its because last time I did I got called an idiot for saying I would rather kill myself than vote for her... my /s didn't help :\ edit: joking aside last time I was really here it felt like unless I fall in line and vote for her then I am crazy. Also that voting 3rd party was seen as asinine here last time I commented.
Youre ok bro, freedom of speech is respected here.
I generally agree with what they said last time.
You are correct in that feeling.
I mean, when you said "I'd rather kill myself than XXX" it automatically assume you're going to be hyperbolic
Well you got down voted because that not even an attempt to critique.
k
>I got called an idiot for saying I would rather kill myself than vote for her. That's a pretty stupid thing to say, to be fair.
Well to be fair I was joking too lighten the mood.. guess dark humor isn't appreciated as much as I thought around here.
It's more that that kind of humor is easy to mistake with real convictions around here.
Ah, wonderful critique...
No I have real critiques.
Go on...
ok so your critique is?
Anyone else committed to voting third party who just watched for the lols?
I'm no longer voting for Gary Johnson. Trump needs to lose, he needs to lose badly.
CA voter here (as flair would attest), voting Stein because Clinton's a shoe-in anyway and I'd like to see some 3rd parties maybe get funding. Yeah, basically watched for lulz. I can't believe how many times the Donald denies things (especially with his trademark "[*lean into the mic*] WRONG" statement) that are frankly on the record. I counted at least 3 or 4 times where Trump denied saying something that HE IS ON FUCKING VIDEO SAYING.
I did the same thing in 2012. I voted stein because i disagreed with some of Obama's foreign policy, I live in a solid blue state. Then I read stein is kinda anti science: anti vax, into a lot of homeopathic BS, etc Then I started regretting my 3rd party vote, even though the vote didnt matter.
She's tempered her views on vaccination and shit a lot (not to mention going straight-up on record saying "vaccines do not cause autism) But my vote for her is more for the whole 3rd party attention and/or federal funding, like I said. It's not about Stein, it's about the Green party.
Stein is not at all anti-science. A major part of her background is her Harvard medical degree. She brings research to the table -- and not only that, has participated in research. In fact, she is one of the people responsible for a study proving no connection between vaccines and autism. So she is totally pro-vaccine based on her scientific findings. She's also really not an advocate of homeopathic medicine. A big part of the green platform has revolved around skepticism of the medical industrial complex, but that does not make her an advocate of homeopathics. She endorses a skeptical mind, and bases policies on scientific inquiry and research. I admire that, honestly. I don't know how these rumors got started.
> A big part of the green platform has revolved around skepticism of the medical industrial complex I think there is a line between healthy skepticism and "conspiracy-grade" skepticism of anything corporate. I think Stein started falling into the latter.
I've got to disagree about that, she's always come across pretty rational in what I've seen of her.
Yep yep yep
Some good responses by Trump: He countered Hillary's Trump vs. women narrative with the Clinton Foundation's acceptance of funds from Saudi Arabia, a country which openly oppresses women. When the accusations of sexual assault were brought up, he tied that back to Clinton paying people to cause violence at his campaigns, saying that the same could be done with a few accusers. Just some good counters by him that I noticed. But nobody wants to talk about where Trump succeeded in this debate, it seems.
They were good counters... they were bullshit, but they were good counters nonetheless. Sounds good. No real substance, but sounds good.
> He countered Hillary's Trump vs. women narrative with the Clinton Foundation's acceptance of funds from Saudi Arabia, a country which openly oppresses women. That is a stretch *at best*. Not a good response, a diversion. A pivot. >When the accusations of sexual assault were brought up, he tied that back to Clinton paying people to cause violence at his campaigns, saying that the same could be done with a few accusers. What Donald said about abused women will inevitably lead many other abused women to stay silent, fearing that no one will believe them. That is damaging enough; the people inciting the violence may have started it, but in the end, everyone who participated is responsible for their own actions. Hillary massacred Donald, for the third time in a row.
Massacred is a bit of a strong word after Hillary had no good response to Wikileaks, the Clinton Foundation, or the proof of DNC-engendered violence at Trump rallies. She didn't deny the legitimacy of any claims made in those three areas.
Trump would have had some really GREAT attacks on her but would not stop saying stupid bullshit. That's the problem: he's so, so, so, sooooo close to having good lines and debate-winning answers if he would stop. Saying. Dumb. Shit.
> But nobody wants to talk about where Trump succeeded in this debate, it seems. Well, you seem to do the job just fine, so I think that's good enough.
Because for the very few instances of showing he put in some practice, he just fell on his face more often than not.
Because he was so bad at everything else. When you don't accept the results on an election, that's damning enough.
Let's say, hypothetically, Bernie Sanders had the right to reject the results of the primaries. And let's say that evidence that Hillary had manipulated vote counts during the primaries had been made known already. I wouldn't blame him for rejecting the results. There is evidence of plans put in place by the DNC to enact voter fraud for the general election caught on video. Clinton has demonstrated she is corrupt through the Wikileaks emails and through the Clinton Foundation. I do think Trump should accept the results, no doubt. But I understand why he might hesitate to do so.
The violence invitations are baseless and frsbtocated allegations by the Trump campaign to deny their own fault. He insisted the hateful rethotic not literals.
Because they were incredible hard pivots away from any actual policy or stance. They were mindless attacks. And they all missed.
I actually agree with you on those two. But the fact is he's such a disaster that it gets drowned out.
With all the conspiracy theory Trump is peddling, it is no surprise no one is talking about these. Also, both of those talking points have already been played out over the course of the campaign. * Saudi point - Only Trump supporters care about this now, because otherwise there is no proof of any sort of pay for play. No shit we sold them weapons, selling weapons is one of the few places where there has consistently been bipartisan support over the years. * Campaign Violence - This doesn't sound credible and the evidence comes from a thoroughly discredited alt-right agitator, so of course no one is going to address this.
Because he lost hard? Yup. That's it. 1. Foundations take money. All the time. From like... Anyone. 2. Clinton did not fucking instigate fights at his rallies. She didn't. Take off the tin foil hat. Trump looked like a deranged version of Tom hanks from big where somehow a ten year old got an adult body.
I think your points are flawed. > He countered Hillary's Drumpf vs. women narrative with the Clinton Foundation's acceptance of funds from Saudi Arabia, a country which openly oppresses women. They accept *donations*. It's a charity. Accepting donations from oppressive regimes and using the funds to build homeless shelters is pretty awesome. And it's an especially dry criticism when Trump's foundation has been ordered to stop operating in New York. > When the accusations of sexual assault were brought up, he tied that back to Clinton paying people to cause violence at his campaigns, saying that the same could be done with a few accusers. That's ridiculous. Clinton's actions don't excuse Trump's sexual assault, the two are apples and oranges. Never mind the fact that the "Clinton paid people to cause trouble at Trump rallies" narrative is a complete myth. Made all the sillier when Trump himself told his supporters to attack dissidents.
> Just some good counters by him that I noticed. But nobody wants to talk about where Trump succeeded in this debate, it seems. Any small victory he managed was overshadowed by the fact that Wallace tossed him a softball on accepting the election results and he still fucked it up bad. Not to mention, Hillary had a far more commanding presence in this debate. Trump shrunk when his baseless attacks didn't work, then he started getting flustered and sniffing again after she landed some great attacks.
Because he won't accept the results of the election. That's a huge deal, it means no matter what happens he will likely refused to concede.
He said they should give the money to Saudia Arabi instead of spending it to help people with aids.... doesn't that seem kinda backwards?
>He countered Hillary's Trump vs. women narrative with the Clinton Foundation's acceptance of funds from Saudi Arabia, a country which openly oppresses women. Why is it bad if a charitable foundation takes their money? Its not like they get anything out of it. If anything, the foundation just separated saudi arabia with millions of its own money towards much better causes. Thats a win.
If I was Van Jones I would hate fuck the shit out of that blonde Trump supporter.
They always sit right next to each other. I don't know how they haven't killed each other yet
Honestly what have the debates come to? The debates used to discuss policy and stances on issues, now it's just an insult-fest.
Donald Trump. Donald Trump happened. Do you think it would have been like this with Jeb Bush out there? Heck no.
Jeb Bush or literally anyone that isn't a blowhard, narcissistic reality tv star? I could have gotten up there and debated policy with Hilary and looked like a pro doing it compared to The Donald.
That's what happens when you nominate a reality TV star.
I think that Hillary did discuss policy, but you can only do so much when Donald Trump is beside you.
Don't y'all love how unbiased and totally not extremely liberal this is? I'm so glad that there are equal posts about both candidates, positive and negative. Just amazing what the media can do these days.
This is a public forum. Whose biases are you worrying about here? The public's? Yeah buddy ... I think your candidate's maybe gonna lose ... :)
People post what they want here and people up/down vote as they see fit. It's all Clinton right now, but it's been all Trump and all Sanders in the past.
I'm so glad that there are equal posts about both shit and ice cream, positive and negative. Just amazing what the media can do these days.
Trump is a train wreck. He deserves to be covered as such instead of forcing some kind of fairness and pretend they're both just as bad.
I don't think you need to be a liberal to see that Trump is terrible
Aye, but Clinton isn't any better.
>Don't y'all love how unbiased and totally not extremely liberal this is? I like it better when people like you drop the false equivalence
> I'm so glad that there are equal posts about both candidates, positive and negative. This isn't CNN. We don't have to make up pretend positive things about Trump.
What I enjoyed most was the fact that not once did Hillary Clinton ever deny the validity of wikileaks and the O'keefe videos. Not once. Meaning they are true, and you people don't see that at all.
And you need to stop beating your mother...
Riiighttt...
Wrong.
Meaning it is true, and you don't see that at all.
She replied to that question with the phrasing "what I actually said was"... She all but explicitly admitted at least some of it is legitimate. Podesta totally ignored it in spin alley.
Understandable but still you can't say one thing and not think other people could interpret it differently. Then completely say something else to other people while claiming something to others. Like I don't understand this. People are going to vote for her regardless of whatever comes out, but this is really the last chance we have at a Democracy
None of any of that deserves any sort of response from the Clinton camp.
She actually said they were stolen at some point, meaning the leaks and emails are true. If the emails were fakes then they couldn't have been stolen
Shit, I don't want to vote for either of these goons.
It's amazing this is who we're left with.
I don't get why everyone is stuck up on the "nasty woman" comment. If He was debating Bill Clinton he would have said "nasty man." He wasn't targeting her for being a woman.
Dude wake the fuck up.
Hillary lists her overwhelming catalog of positives, trump was literally reduced to calling her names. Like a child.
He routinely enforced hateful remarks toward women, and then after saying Hillary's campaign engineered the sexual harassment allegations, he said no one has more respect for women than he does. Everyone laughed. Then, he calls her a nasty woman. It was the nail is his misogynistic coffin.
You're right, he would. And he would have seemed just as petty and childish as he did tonight.
Personally, I'm "stuck up" on it because I don't expect that level of crass speaking from a presidential candidate. People can say whatever they want in private, but insulting the other candidate that vulgarly in a debate seems uncharacteristic compared to previous candidates. It just seems too impulsive.
It was beyond the pale
Nah Dubya. Nah
It's still incredibly undiciplined and unprofessional to interrupt your opponent during their allotted time to call them names. It's not about the choice of noun, it's about his behavior. You don't act like that in a presidential debate. Doubly so when you're the one *specifically* known for treating people very badly and being wantonly hurtful to others for no good reason. It's both inappropriate behavior as a would-be politician and wildly hypocritical.
Plus it highlights a very sexist line of behavior with him. Literally 30 minutes before that remark he was saying that he is the most respectful person to women. Despite multiple people claiming he assaulted them, despite his literally hundreds of straight up sexist remarks, and despite his thousands of direct insults on women's' bodies and temperaments that he doesn't make to men. And Clinton called him on it and made him look like a *total fool.* And instead of just shutting up he comes back and proves her right *again.* He plays the sexist asshole because he *is* a sexist asshole.
Because in a modern political debate the audience deserves more than adjectives; we deserve ideas.
He would not have said nasty man...
Lol who says nasty man. He wouldn't have said anything.
[deleted]
You're also about to have your comment "moderated" by r/politics in 3... 2... 1...
Are you even 18 yet?
[deleted]
So above me there are many commenters asking you what changed your mind. You answered my very short question about your age. Can you take a minute to explain why this debate makes you more likely to vote for Trump?
Because the right doesn't bash anybody?
This isn't meant to be a political attack but how? I hate both of them a lot for different reasons. However, Trump came off terribly tonight. He seemed so thin-skinned.
Please explain. I want rationale I can destroy.
what was it that pushed you?
Maybe it was his overt sexism. Maybe it was his obvious lack of any real policy know-how. Maybe is was his refusal to say that he will accept the results of the election no matter what. Maybe it was him looking like a complete fool. Then again, OP here has an account 2 months old with less than 30 comments/post.
[deleted]
I didn't see any interruptions from Hillary. She did keep talking when both Trump and Wallace tried to shut her down.
well it was a hell of a lot more civil than the 2nd debate.
did you watch the other debates? wallace did amazing compared to those
Gosh Nicole Wallace is hot.
Drunk me: I gotta say, I would do things with Kayleigh McEnany that would make Republicans cry.
she's smokin. but by god keep her mouth shut.
Well of course. That's what Trump^^TM Tape is for.
I would respect her so hard.
MSNBC focus group more or less mirroring CBS' group, it appears the undecided didn't think this was a Clinton victory.
the "undecideds" ...i just refuse to believe anyone is truly still weighing trump vs. clinton right now.
What were the results?
well if they are undecided still, i say they are not very bright and extremely lazy and cannot do the simplest of research on their own and must be spooned information. imo.
that's all well and good, doesn't change the reality
Their focus group had 11 go to Clinton and 5 to Trump.... even if it was only a by 1 Clinton win among them she won the undecideds by more than double Trump in it.
Keep in mind that these are the dumbest people that America has to offer.
The third debate historically doesn't move the needle much. Think of it this way, if you are still undecided at this point, then you are probably waiting for something to tip you over that is not coming.
even Nate Silver would admit this isn't your average election and terms like 'historical' might not be apt
MSNBC's focus group was equally decided between Clinton & Trump (plus an equal number undecided). That, to me, supports the idea of the needle not moving much.
The undecideds of this election are either morons, or claiming indecision for the sake of the cameras. I mean, choose not to vote for either, but at least make a choice.
that's a judgement that is irrelevant, they still have a vote and they didn't 'see' what the rest of us 'saw', it's almost as if there's this thing called subjective experience.
I never suggested they shouldn't vote. If they're going to publicly proclaim their political positions, they're open for critique of their positions.
How dumb is Trump to not bring up the FBI quid pro quo line?
dude is super dumb. he denies things he said on tape. he denies knowing people he knows. he makes regular mentally ill people look super sane.
Hillary's secret service crew confirms she's a nasty woman, but play the virtue signalling card harder team D. Go team!
I don't give a rat's ass if she's *nice*, I want her to be competent, professional, and diplomatic.
You're taking this pretty hard, aren't you.
I feel like they're both bratty kids fighting over the sandbox . . . just such a disgrace.
I hate both of these candidates, but I don't think that's fair. Trump conducted himself like a child, as usual, but Hillary remained the adult on the stage. An irritated adult. But still.
false equivalency much?
I'm not American, I'm from Europe. I'm staying up because this election is of huge importance to the entire world. Up until today, I thought Hillary would be the bigger disaster. I didn't watch the first debate but I saw the second one and imo Trump won that one. Tonight it was just really clear he doesn't have answers for anything. It really is between a douche and a turd this time around, and I can't believe I hope the turd sandwich creating ISIS and antagonising Russia wins. Because somehow, the alternative is even worse. God help us all.
Really? Both bratty?
I can't understand how you could say this. Say what you want about HRC, but she is not childish. Her answers were knowledgeable and succinct. It looked like a qualified, adult politician arguing with a mid-tantrum child.
As I get downvoted all to hell . . . the first two debates, she maintained her decorum as far as not letting him pull her down to his level. I don't feel like she did that tonight, and that's a shame. Her comments weren't as bad as his, but she was biting just as hard.
ITT: Trump supporters saying Trump won, and Hilary supporters saying Hilary won.
trump supporters said he won the last one, and we know how that went. its pretty obvious to anyone with half a brain who won
But more undecided and independents are saying Hillary won so that will be the nail in the coffin. Trump needed to swing and he failed again. Clinton will be president.
And Neutrals saying Hillary won. I hate her and don't trust her one bit, but she won easily.
Can confirm, in the middle. Hillary won.
And probably independents saying HRC won which is the only thing that matters
Not really if they don't go to vote. "Can't polish this turd"
pretty sure enough people HATE trump enough to vote
Just want to make it clear to everyone there is no such thing as the online or gun show loophole. Those were closed a long time ago. You cannot just buy a gun online or at a gun show without a background check.
You absolutely can buy a gun at a gun show from a private seller. As far as online goes I believe they are referring to buying from a private seller and meeting them in person. Not literally buy online and shows up at your door.
You can from someone selling privately, which frequently happens online or at gun shows.
Only in certain states. Most gun show sellers (75%) are FFL holders so they do background checks. However, you can still buy a gun today at a gun show from a private owner with no background check in most states.
You can buy rifles in private sales. Pistols require a background check even in private sales.
Only in certain states which require it. You can buy a pistol from a private owner in Alabama for instance with no background check whatsoever.
Yes but that usually isn't exclusive to a gun show either. That's just allowing private citizens to sell their shit.
Right, but that's the loophole everyone has been talking about. They single out gun shows because 25% of sellers there are private and it is ridiculously easy to walk out with a boatload of guns without ever doing a background check on the buyer. We don't let private citizens sell alcohol to minors. I don't see why we should allow them to sell guns to convicted felons. Of course, I also believe background checks should be free so there is no excuse whatsoever for not using it.
Gun shows account for exceedingly few of the guns used in crime, with the figure in the single digits. By far the overwhelming majority are acquired through straw purchases. A straw purchase is when criminal has somebody else (usually a girlfriend, or family member) with a clean criminal record buy a gun from a gun store on the felon's behalf. Expanding background checks does nothing to combat this, because the criminal just uses a different person to pass the background check. > We don't let private citizens sell alcohol to minors. I don't see why we should allow them to sell guns to convicted felons. This is already illegal. The problem is that many places are extremely hesitant to actually follow through with convicting straw-purchases. When some people thing of gun sale violations, the common image is that of some nutjob stockpiling arms and forming a militia in the style of David Koresh. In reality the overwhelming majority are poor, underprivileged minorities, or both. While anti-gun politicians talk of enacting tougher gun-restrictions, it also puts them in a tough position: actually enforcing these laws would have a disproportionate impact on their own voter base. Your alcohol analogy is actually a great way of explaining why this proposed ban is not necessary. We don't let private citizens sell alcohol to minors, but we do let people give bottles of wine and share cocktails with their fellow adults. Sending people to prison for up to a year because they gave their adult friend a bottle of wine for Christmas is an overly strict proposal. Just like alcohol, selling firearms to people prohibited from owning them is already a crime - and it's much better to actually enforce the laws we already have than to lump yet more restrictions on their sale.
I think trump did pretty good in this one.
Only if he intended to get Clinton elected.
I'm not trying to be a dick or provocative, I'm legitimately curious what he did better this time? He did have some good zingers (Qatar and Saudi - Women's rights), wish he would have used the "literally shit on America". Anyhow, curious about your opinion.
In my opinion, it was a tie. No knock-outs. No real impactful moments. More substantive than previous debates, but there was a lot of dodging questions from both sides. I thought Hillary won the first and Trump won the second.
Agreed on the tie, imo it's the first time we saw Hillary flustered/mad. I think she handled it well though, really disappointed with the topics, I feel like we've beat these to death. There's a lot more out there.
Yeah, some of the topics were repeats. I thought every debate was supposed to cover different areas. I was really impressed with Chris Wallace though - he was tough on both and had semi-decent control over them and the audience.
Agreed, and I'm not sure if it was my shitty TV in my hotel, but I didn't hear the audience most of the time. In previous debates I heard when they applauded, cheered, ect. I'm in Mexico though, so I watched it on CNN (only channel in English), so that might be why. I think the candidates talked over him a bit, but it was the last debate so that's expected. I tried asking the bartender to turn on the debate to get some foreign perspective (tourist town) but he gave me a friendly, "vete a la chingada" (fuck off or get the fuck out of here). :)
I did hear the audience a bunch of times, but it was at least a lot less muted than in the previous debates, where it almost seemed like there was a mic on them. All around, I was really impressed. Too bad this was the last and the others couldn't be more like this haha
Really...?
Possibly. I don't care one way or the other I think both are an abomination to the office I much rather 4 more years of obama.
lol you need to learn how to reply to people.
Well Trump said himself that a vote for Hillary would basically be a vote for 4 more years of Obama. Here's your chance!
Trump was much more calm and collected. Especially at the beginning. It was nice to see him like that. I wish he would have came to the first debate like that, but he certainly had a good performance this round. I think it will help him overall.
The last half was not well done though. I see no one but his base seeing it as positive.
It's certainly a mixed bag. On the one hand, he was a lot more coherent and sounded strong on issues such as pro-life. On the other hand, once the classic Trump anger came out I think it just reinforced the image that's been building of him over the past few weeks. I'd bet that he might get a slight post-debate poll bounce, but I don't think it'll be enough to save him.
Lets all be frank for a moment? We're screwed either way.
No. that's not frank at all.
Men in favor of Planned Parenthood and abortion. Kinda shocked.
thats a pretty ignorant thing to say.
People don't show up for a negative. It just doesn't happen. It's same reason protestors should always protest a resolution and not a problem.
Did you know that 2 + 2 is actually 100? 10 is 2 in binary man.
you mean 10 + 10, 2+2 doesn't exist in binary.
I was making a play on his username, which was twoplustwois10.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-rJiPIqGhg
[deleted]
Might I suggest you try emigration?
[deleted]
I asked politely.
Well then your vote really doesn't matter this time. But go ahead and vote anyways.
[deleted]
How can anyone be undecided at this point??
Sorry but I can't fathom why anyone would vote for Trump. He's a sociopath lunatic. He proves it every time he opens his mouth. All my Euro friends are terrified he will start WW3 and destabilize Nato and cause chaos.
Of the two, Johnson is the only one I'd trust any where near nuclear weapons. Trump has demonstrated over and over again that he can't act cool under pressure.
What are the issues that have you undecided
Only half way through the lobotomy then?
[deleted]
"Business conservative" just means "I either don't understand or don't care that quarterly profits mean less w/r/t sustained GDP growth than long term business plan viability, and I have a troubling disregard for the last 30 years of history that roundly disproved the purported economic benefits of deregulation and lax taxation of the wealthy. I have no regard for the national infrastructure and no respect for low-income workers, nor do I understand the daily pervasive reality of economic blight among the working class." So I'll stand by my statement. Because incorrect is incorrect, and wrong is wrong.
[deleted]
When an opinion is tested by implementation and data is collected from results, fact is determined. [Here is a PDF that establishes fact by comparing policy and resultant economic impacts.](https://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/sdn/2015/sdn1513.pdf) >Why is rising inequality a concern? High and sustained levels of inequality, especially inequality of opportunity can entail large social costs. Entrenched inequality of outcomes can significantly undermine individuals’ educational and occupational choices. Further, inequality of outcomes does not generate the “right” incentives if it rests on rents (Stiglitz 2012). In that event, individuals have an incentive to divert their efforts toward securing favored treatment and protection, resulting in resource misallocation, corruption, and nepotism, with attendant adverse social and economic consequences. In particular, citizens can lose confidence in institutions, eroding social cohesion and confidence in the future. >Income distribution matters for growth. Previous IMF studies have found that income inequality (as measured by the Gini coefficient, which is 0 when everybody has the same income and 1 when one person has all the income) negatively affects growth and its sustainability (Ostry, Berg, and Tsangarides 2014; Berg and Ostry 2011). We build on this analysis by examining how individuals’ income shares at various points in the distribution matter for growth drawing on a large sample of advanced economies and EMDCs (Table 1).2 A higher net Gini coefficient (a measure of inequality that nets out taxes and transfers) is associated with lower output growth over the medium term, consistent with previous findings. Can you please tell me what nonsense you mean? Looking at this from a business perspective, you need engaged consumers with disposable income at every level to sustain any kind of demand. As a business person, I despise short-term obsessed, myopic leadership with no accountability. And that is what this is. A pure civic failure.
I lol'd.
Same.
What did sock puppets ever do to deserve this?
I wish I was a badass secret service agent
Even if ur guarding trump?
[deleted]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vPRfP_TEQ-g this is my personal "favorite" Oh, and it's a rip of a WWI song https://youtu.be/B6hRDS3LvQQ?t=39
I thought it would be "Yackety Sax".
wow who's that blond woman in that pink dress sitting next to the old man!?
Was this Kellyanne's "unless"?
I just switched to CNN because of the comments and good lord that hot ass. But yes whoever said it was a heated panel was right
House just suggested breastfeeding for Trump.
You can't chain diamond joe
Theory: Trump thinks the process is fixed because he thinks he's living in a reality show where the big asshole is the second to last to go. Is that how they work? I don't watch them.
If only Trump had started these debates with this same professional attitude, he would have grown from this point and by the third debate he would have knocked our socks off. Having not watched the entire debate I can't really comment though. Basically, I hope that my socs get knocked off sometime tomorrow... I didn't get the sense that he offered a lot of credible evidence to support his very valid arguments. He's right about his accusations of the Clinton/Obama administrations, however he didn't do much more than accuse, which is truly unfortunate. Especially since there is a wealth of information out there to support his damn accusations. His nod to Cartwright was so fucking awesome though.
Oh, my fuckin socks are knocked off, alright
Yeah you clearly didn't watch the full debate as you stated. It got bad. You'll get to see the highlight reel soon. He started well enough, but it became a shitshow.
I don't know, I'm watching the debate now and Trump makes an excellent counter-point on Chicago's gun stats vs. crime. He said that Chicago has very stringent gun laws and yet they still have high crime. I found that pretty interesting.
Hillary said he "choked" in asking the Mexican president to fund the wall and Trump went batshit crazy and downhill from there. But a good solid 15 min of civil Trump was a change of pace to be sure.
> he would have grown from this point and by the third debate he would have knocked our socks off. Having not watched the entire debate I can't really comment though. It didn't last very long LOL. > Especially since there is a wealth of information out there to support his damn accusations. No there isn't. At this point there will never be evidence either way that isn't he said she said. However the very fact that these claims align with the things he said himself that he did to women really makes it look bad for him even if these accusations weren't true. We will probably never know either way, but he said it best himself multiple times.
Donald Trump simply is not well read enough to provide any credible evidence to the arguments he advances. Once the din of his own voice dies down, you are left with nothing.
If only there was a fact checker and a logician on the side of the screen during the debate analyzing the cogency and validity of the the arguments. Hillary Clinton said that partial-birth abortion and late term abortion is necessary for instances regarding the health and life of the mother. Abortion is very rarely performed to save the life of the mother (<1%), and late term and partial-birth abortion is virtually unheard to save the life of the mother. It's rarely if ever the only viable option. But the most ironic fact is that abortion to save the life of the mother was legal before Roe v. Wade and would continue to be legal even if the case was deemed unconstitutional in the future. Such an argument is therefore based on a false premise.
> Abortion is very rarely performed to save the life of the mother (<1%), and late term and partial-birth abortion is virtually unheard to save the life of the mother. And this is the danger of citing statistics without an understanding of what it means. Are you referring to the percentage of abortions? How is that meaningful when you're including abortions done by choice? Furthermore, the rarity of a procedure is not an indication of whether that procedure should be a part of treatment options.
The statistic of <1% is referring to abortions performed in order to save the life of the mother, anytime during pregnancy. This further exemplifies how late-term and partial-birth abortion would be an even smaller percentage than that-- nearly nonexistent. The vast majority of partial birth abortions are elective and not medically necessary/ life and death situations. Of course the rarity of a procedure should not be the reason for why it should or should not offered, but it is a relevant fact that is underrepresented to voters. You leave out a vital piece of my argument: abortion to save the life of the mother was legal before Roe v. Wade and would continue to be legal even if the case was deemed unconstitutional in the future, which is why it was not logical for HC's defense for partial birth abortion to be for the life of the mother.
> is referring to abortions performed in order to save the life of the mother, anytime during pregnancy. But what percent of pregnancies have life threatening complications at all? What percentage of life threatening complications is abortion the primary treatment option? What is the relative effectiveness of other options vs abortion? If the threat is to ban abortion regardless of the risk to the mother (as is the case with many of the laws pushed by pro-lifers), then her defense is legitimate.
Donald's argument that babies are being ripped from the womb at 9 months is founded on nothing (unless he was confusing a c-section for an abortion??) Hillary's argument was that she supports late term abortion in circumstances where it is necessary for the health of the mother. Her primary position however was that the Government should stay out of this issue, which is between the mother, her family and the health care provider.
Trump said she was advocating pulling babies out days before due date. That was a masssssive lie and everybody knows it.
That is practically the definition of late and partial-birth abortion, is it not?
Where do you think that is happening all wily nilly? Do you seriously think there are women and doctors all over, just cutting fully formed babies out and throwing them out back something? Because that is....inaccurate.
[deleted]
karma = votes
A 9% win would be an absolute landslide...
Political polarization and self-selection. At least 30% of the country will vote Republican no matter what, 30% will vote Democrat no matter what. Republicans tend to occupy the same spaces as other Republicans, and Democrats occupy the same spaces as other Dems
we are fairly informed here and know how to use google. if you do that for 1 day w/o bias the choice is clear. trump isnt fit to be president of the ymca. muchless the big boy stuff.
Because Trump voters are mostly old people.
That's the same bad logic that has rural voters thinking Trump is winning Pennsylvania because those around them support him. This is a site dominated by liberal millenials.
And yet /r/all is dominated by content from the donald. Is that sub rigged or something?
And she's denying reality. Edit: she = Conway, not Clinton
They both were. Trump was an example of utter delusion, though. Hillary gave it a spin.
[deleted]
I mean... you're not a sexist but you might be dumb
> At school. Lol
Don't get what is so funny.
Hey man, it's good to see the schoolchildren voting. Sorry, high school seniors. Real good. That said, yeah, serious conversations interjected with 'at school' are kind of funny, but that's not really your problem.
I was just teasing you a bit. I didn't mean any malice. Just the way you said that at school made it sound funny. That's all. I'm sorry if I offended.
You may not be sexist but it's not hard to imagine a sexist wanting to stop a woman president while deflecting blame by voting for another woman who has no chance. Again, not saying you're sexist but voting for Jill is not an absolute defense. Hell, not even voting for Hillary is...
I will not call you sexist for not voting for Hillary, though I would not hold some jackass remarks about you against the Clinton campaign. However, i will say that Jill Stein is a terrible choice. She is stupendously clueless about the workings if the economy, government, the judicial system and foreign policy. She holds questionable beliefs about basic scientific norms, like vaccines. And she harbors strange conspiratorial ideas about 9/11 and likely other topics. She would not make a good president.
I don't like Hillary. I know both third party candidates won't win. They are just as bad as Hillary and Trump. Watch it. I am voting for Hillary to keep Obama's executive orders on immigration because Trump would deport the Dreamers. My state already invested in them and I don't want that investment to be deported.
Keep in mind, Trump doesn't *need* this job. He is doing it for the American people!!
I mean no one ever needs this job. I feel bad for the person who can't get any other job but POTUS to put food on the table, most likely their family will struggle.
[deleted]
I mean she was a senator, you need to get elected for that, and secretary of state as well.
I think Trump did very well. Hillary had good composure, but she dodged WikiLeaks and the Project Veritas video. I'd say Trump edged her out on this one.
> and the Project Veritas video Project Veritas is done by James O'Keefe, a man who has been caught multiple times fraudulently editing video to make it appear to say things it doesn't actually say. He did it about ACORN and about Planned Parenthood, and in both cases was found to have intentionally lied in order to push an agenda. Nobody has to refute the videos, because they have zero credibility.
Regardless of his credibility, he had continuous clips of them admitting to shenanigans. He didn't have to spin it in a way that made them look bad, they made themselves look bad. Also, if he has no credibility, then why was Foval fired and Creamer resigned? Checkmate.
Just like he had clips of ACORN committing voter fraud and Planned Parenthood trading in human tissue. M-hm. Both of which turned out to be the result of dishonest video editing. The man has no credibility. Nothing he makes has any credibility.
Jeffrey Lord, is that you? Trump did horrible and said 2 statements that disqualify him.
I don't agree. I think Trump ra,bled like a drunk uncle who only knows what he hears on AM radio.
Okeef is bait and she was smart to deflect it. She gains nothing at all by speaking to what at this point isn't anything more than conspiracy and suspicion. This was Trump's best performance of the three, but Hillary still took this one. He's going to hurt hard in the morning from "I'll keep you in suspense." Edit: He certainly didn't make a good enough performance to close the gap at all. I predict he'll probably lose another 3 - 5% between now and Nov. 7th.
Riggghht. I'll bet you five upvotes it's the largest landslide in modern presidential history.
But what about not accepting the result of the election if he loses?
I don't understand how people don't see the corruption of Clinton. Trump is certainly something special, but at least he calls out the crooked bs Clinton and the FBI are trying to hide Watergate looks like nothing compared to this
What do you think about those republican led senate hearings? Surely they would have found something? Especially before she became the presidential candidate
Because 4 years under Trump is terrifiying.
It's like worrying about gangrene about to take over one of your legs, when a guy's about the blow your head off.
What, all the corruption that we have absolutely no proof of ?
What corruption? You people keep repeating it but refuse to offer any proof, you demand we just take your word on it.
Wrong.
Clinton's corrupt, but within usual paramteters for a politician, but you sound foil hat when you bring up FBI collusion
Check out that the fact they want to delay proceedings of Hilary and her e-mails after the election is over or that they met with her husband in Phoenix with no press allowed to attend. There is a lot going on with that woman, but ignorance is bliss. My grandfather would be ashamed of this country he fought for
everyone, left and right, had grandpas that fought for this country so don't bring their suffering, and their martyrdom into this, it's sick.
Of course they should be brought up! Then and our forefathers before them! This country was the best in the world and America used to mean something. We escaped tyrannical corruption to accept it a few hundred years later? Their stories should be an inspiration to us all. The only thing that is "sick" is our 2 nominees of President of the United States
Oh we see it. The problem is, she is still the best candidate running.
Was happy to see Clinton asked about shooting down Russian planes with her crazy no fly zone idea. Did anyone believe her answer? Why would Russia give up Syria to America? Because she asked nicely? One of our candidates is a Russian puppet, the other one wants to start WWIII. What a time.
Economic sanctions. They worked against Russia in the 90s, it will work again now
For a long time I thought the Obama administration was allowing a lot of companies to pump out the shale oil just to keep the price of oil down. Worked wonders in keeping countries like Venezuela from trying to do anything at all. And to a large extent I think it has also reduced Russia's and Iran's income. This brought Iran to the table to discuss, guess Russia could be some way's off.
Yep. People think Hillary is just going to show up in Syria one day with a bunch of tanks and tell Russia they can't fly here no more. That's not how it works. You work them at the negotiating table first. You make them understand they don't want to drop bombs in Syria anymore, because it will hurt them in other ways
I want to facefuck the blonde on CNN.
To shut her up, I hope?
Hatefuck, I hope.
Indeed.
[The biggest thing I took away from this debate...](http://i.imgur.com/QbDIhsE.jpg)
Your statement is good but the characters in the cartoon are reversed.
Lol this is from Trump's perspective
All I heard was raise the debt, and take more of my money, from both. Sadly it was a minority of time versus the insults, and nonsense. - Trickle down doesn't help anyone bit the top. - if you think a candidate is giving hundreds of thousands of dollar speeches to the wealthy to tell them how they are going to get f'd on their taxes for the next four years..... well.
So you make more than $250,000 a year? That's pretty sweet dude. You should be happy with the way things are going me thinks.
Look up.
I mean, I'm trying to comment on the tax plan she's put forth. Where is she taking more of your money?
Fair enough. Some sources (you can argue the validity since the media is skewed) estimate a 20T debt increase from her plan. Trump isn't much better. I just find it hard to believe all those extravagant, expensive, fundraisers were to tell these people they're gonna pay more taxes to send middle class people to college?
Are you making more than $250k a year?
So you're saying, at George Clooney's $353,000 (for Clooneys table), per couple, HRC fundraiser, she talked to them all about how they were going to pay for the middle class to get free public college tuition from her raising all their taxes? I'm starting a WestWorld in my backyard for $1k a day made just for you :)
Heh, I wish.
Don't care about virtual fake numbers. I live in a safe blue state, my vote is absolutely irrelevant. Let's have a logical discussion on my point on donors vs taxes. I just can't see a scenario where those donors were sold a bill of sale?
What distinguishes a virtual fake number from a fake number and a virtual number?
> Let's have a logical discussion on my point on donors vs taxes. Warren buffet (one who Trump references) released his tax returns which nailed Donald's lie. Man also had donated 2.5 **b**illion dollars to charity in one year which is probably more than the total networth of Donal Trump. Trump absolutely has no fucking locus standi to talk about him.
That wasn't what I was talking about at all. Trumps trickle down plan only benefits the top of the pyramid.
I live in what should be a safe red state that's looking a bit purple. Maybe my vote will matter for once.
Arizona? Sane here friend. I really wanted to vote third party but if the state is as co tested as the polls show i csnt do it
At least you're paying attention, instead of falling for the fear mongering.
Your vote is relevant...go vote
I don't think you know how it works. IL has been a safe blue state since after the 88 election. I lean/vote more D in general, doesn't mean you can't discuss negatives. It's not a sports team rah rah thing.
Just go vote you lazy slob.
Remember that every vote cast is a notch toward the popular vote. The Electoral College decides the presidency, but the popular vote is what people look to when discussing the mandate of the American people.
If everyone thinks like this then alot of people wouldn't vote. Which could actually hurt. Then people wonder what people do. You arnt going to vote because you know others are going to vote?
Somewhere around 50% of people already don't vote?
And your alright with that?
Nope
Then vote
Make sure you're voting down-ballot and on measures, too. Even the local school board elections are important, though I am biased on that being a teacher. I'm in California, I'm fully aware that my vote for president doesn't matter... but all of the other votes I cast do.
This. It's rarely talked about. Edit - sorry for posting a factual, valid, point and being dv just for being part of this tree. I uv'd you.
It looks like the Internet has been hacked by Russian Trump supporters. I'm seeing fake debate results all over the internet from Breitbart and Drudge websites even on NBC.
If it could get the real news sites to stop having those ridiculous "polls" it would be a service to journalism.
Something tells me the polls are no so ridiculous when they agree with you.
Polls are not ridiculous when they are run by professional polling companies. The polls like the ones Trump bragged about winning should only exist on E! asking "who wore it better" or "are you with Taylor Swift or Kimye." They're entertainment, they have no place on legitimate news websites. This has nothing to do with who won said poll, they're meaningless and I couldn't care less.
You have to wait for scientific polls those are just online polls the trump idiots brigade.
It is more than that. They are popping up on genuine news sites.
I'm not going to vote for the guy, but for whatever its worth I thought he met his own impossibly low expectations.
Unless you count the part where he said "Democracy? What good is that if I'm not the winner?"
Yes they all do the online surveys open to anyone and trump idiots brigade them this literally happens every time. Wait for the scientific polls that aren't brigaded by kids on the internet.
Indeed news sites run very unscientific polls, politifact does random polls in their articles all the time.
I was just on the_dumbass and ive never seen comments with so many upvotes. they got the bot game on lock.
[deleted]
whoah whoa you talking shit about Jeeps!!??
I know a girl with a jeep. Really hot and loves sex. Nasty like Clinton.
that took an unexpected turn
I just wanted to comment on gun stance. I'll probably get zero votes, or downvoted to hell, but oh well. I think Hillary is wrong about gun control, particularly with high powered rifles and whatnot. Like...flat out wrong. And I think Trump (sadly) proves why having guns is important, but not because I support him (believe me, I don't). One of the big arguments against assault rifles, automatic weapons, etc, is that they were not around when the 2nd amendment was written, and thus circumstances nowadays dictate we need to restrict the right to bear arms. However, this right exists to a) keep people safe from an oppressive government, and b) to keep people safe from outside governments (e.g. invaders). Our government can use missiles, bombs, snipers, etc to take out anyone they please if they REALLY wanted to, and from a serious distance. Accordingly, bigger guns owned by the populace could help fight back against an oppressive government, not that I think an civilian should own a sidewinder missile or anything. A good counterargument to all of this is: Our democratic process is set up specifically to remove oppressive individuals from government. We don't need people to have guns that big, because our system is set up to prevent that need. That's awesome in concept, and so we shouldn't need bigger guns, right? Let's have some perspective though....We just had a presidential nominee say that he may not accept the results of the election. The good news is that right now, what he accepts and doesn't accept does not really matter. But what if it did? What if he was president for 4 years, and was getting beat in his re-election in 2020. What if he had supported the crap out of the military during his term, and had a ton of military support. Now we have a president in power with a ton of military support who may or may not accept the election results. I can't think of a better way to begin a dictatorship, personally. Like...that's pretty much how it goes down. And if it did, I wouldn't want to be the dumbass who doesn't have a few guns in the house to at least TRY to defend myself in that scenario. Edit: I'm glad to get you guys feedback on the matter! I had a viewpoint and I wanted to generate a discussion about it, and I got one with several of you (even though you all don't seem to agree with me much). Even if no one thinks twice about their stance, I appreciate you guys taking the time to chit chat.
I honestly dont give a crap about guns one way or the other. Why? because they are not the root cause of our problems, just an "easy" scapegoat. Is the NRA way too zealous, you bet, but guns are not the problem, they are just a tool, yes a deadly one, but they are not our actual problem. We need to go after those real actual contributing problems, you know, the ones that will take decades to actually fix, the reasons why people even bother to turn to crime as a means rather than do something honest with their life. Until we resolve those issues, going after guns wont change a damn thing, the problems will just become more brutal, not less.
That was the lesson nobody learnt from that film Columbine. Canada and Switzerland are as gunned up as the USA but don't have the gun crime rate. They do have a national healthcare system and social security net tho'.
That's really a good point. There have been some fantastic social programs that make these countries as safe as they are. Everything from healthcare to drug use reform. Many of them are difficult to use in the U.S. though. We have a ton of drug companies that profit immensely from socialized medicine. Other countries (see Germany, especially) have them as well, but perhaps not nearly as many as the U.S. does. Now, those companies do a lot of primary research, because getting a drug through the FDA costs an insane amount...and while trying to recuperate that money, it's easy to just charge insurance companies. Insurance rates go up, socialized medicine goes up, etc. Nasty cycle, and I don't know a good answer for it, because I WANT those companies working hard to develop new drugs, and I WANT the FDA to make them as safe as possible. But the consequence is that healthcare is super expensive, and puts strain on socialized healthcare, budget-wise. Sorry, it's a bit of a tangent. But I think it is hard to have some of the social reform that other companies have....especially since there is a price point, and that means more taxes (which no one wants, even if we really do need them).
> I'll probably get zero votes, or downvoted to hell stopped reading and down voted right there.
That is your prerogative. I'm always up for a good discussion though!
I understand your ideas, but I don't believe any kind of firearms that citizens processed can be used to defend against typical military cannons that fires at 100 round/per seconds. And needless to say if they decided to used a missile instead, you won't even see it coming.
[deleted]
I hope it never comes to that. I think if it boiled down to that...e.g. I found myself part of a "rebel group" resorting to such tactics, I would like to think that I'd have given up my ideals on guns, packed up, and jumped ship a long time prior. Kind of gives some perspective on the folks stuck in the middle east right now though. :-/
Wouldn't the better method be to not give the presidency to someone with dictatorial tendencies?
So your defense of why we should allow the purchase of assualt rifles and automatic weapons is that you're worried about some 1984 scenario where you'll have to wipe out an entire army? You do know that the 2nd amendment was to protect you against invading foreign armies, not your own government? Dictatorship or not, if you're shooting at your own army, you're in violation of the amendment and your guns will be taken away legally. (Which if we are in a dictatorship, I don't imagine the dictator will keep the constitution, since that would conflict with every move he makes legally. So you won't have the 2nd amendment to allow you to buy weapons. That's like the first thing to go in a dictatorship.) Even more disturbing is the underlying fact that you want automatic weapons so you can kill more people in an easier fashion.
Yes, and no. Do I REALLY think that a 1984 scenario will take place? No, probably not. And I do think that the 2nd amendment was largely to protect against invading armies? Yes. But there is always potential (however small) for citizen to be fighting citizen. I never, ever want it to come to that, believe me. I agree with you about the loss of weapons being the first thing the dictator does, which is why I think it would be important to have them in that scenario, should it ever occur. Does this result in the disturbing consequence of "killing people in an easier fashion?" Well, yes, but only EVER with intent to defend, never to go on an offensive. Better yet, if plenty of folks were well armed and educated on weapon responsibility, it would be much harder to remove them from the public. Look, I'll be blunt, I don't own anything that would qualify as an assault rifle, and certainly no automatic weapons. But I absolutely think they're important. I also think that they should live in a safe except for either a) practice on a target in a controlled setting, or b) the absolute bittermost end, and that only people who undergo and pass regular psychiatric evaluation should be allowed to have them.
> Accordingly, bigger guns owned by the populace could help fight back against an oppressive government, not that I think an civilian should own a sidewinder missile or anything. But there's the problem. Why draw the line? You're saying they should have access to bigger, faster, more deadly guns but not *THAT* big a gun. Why can't Americans start building their own pipe bombs and save them for the day when the government starts oppressing them? Not only that, as Jim Jefferies once said in his standup "You're bringing guns to a drone fight." If the government decided to oppress you and kill you for fighting back like you mentioned towards they end of your post, believe me they'll win. The constitution was written at a time where the world was less interconnected, when Americans didn't understand the freedoms they have as they do now. So as the times change, the constitution has to change as well - hence literally "amendments".
I understand how and why amendments happen. If an amendment was passed to remove all non-hunting related weapons, I would abide. I truly, honestly, would. It means that said amendment would get passed through a democratic process, and upheld by SCOTUS, even if I don't agree with it. Conversely, if a coup ever occurred, however unlikely, and there was an order to remove all weapons, I would be a lot less likely to hand it over. I appreciate your point on where to draw a line on big vs. small. I don't have a good answer for that, though I wish it was cut and dry...I really do. As for drone vs civilian, I responded to another comment about how an order to remove weapons would probably go down...it would be up to local governments to coral them, and they would most likely not have access (at least initially) to that kind of equipment. Keep those who would want to remove them intimidated long enough for said coup to come and pass, hopefully, without ever having to resort to use.
Some civilians with high powered rifles will do pretty much nothing against our government in this day and age. The military cannot be stopped. The only thing that civilians with such weaponry accomplishes, is getting a few people killed. The far more likely scenario isn't that the citizens of America will have to fight back against an oppressive regime, it's that dangerous people will radicalize and harm their peers.
Really? Because in 1776 a bunch of civilians fought and won against the most powerful and experienced military in the world.
> Some civilians with high powered rifles will do pretty much nothing against our government ***in this day and age.***
so exactly how is the average civilian supposed to fend off a military just because they have access to guns?
Well, that's complex. I would expect many coups to be...well...not so well defined. We have several branches of military. It will be full of diverse folks with diverse feelings on the matter. A government-sponsored air strike under a new dictator might not be wholly feasible, at least not for awhile. What WOULD be feasible is local governments being ordered to remove all weapons from people. This is also what makes gun registration complicated...its absolutely necessary to help prevent crimes, or find criminals who have committed crimes, but it also gives a nice list for anyone who would want to come for them. I don't really have a good answer for that, unfortunately. If someone came knocking asking to remove it against my right to bear it, well, I would tell them no. After that, I'm not sure what happens, and I hope I never really have to think about it or experience it, nor do I know what I would personally do. It would probably be extremely context dependent.
> This is also what makes gun registration complicated How to uncomplicate it: Stop assuming that the military going to war against the populace is a feasible scenario. I don't think the government is all chocolates and snuggles, but that type of paranoia is such a silly mindset.
Just having a discussion, not trying to be nasty. I would agree that the type of paranoia I'm describing is insanely unlikely. Like...99.99% chance it won't happen in my lifetime. Still, until congress votes that I am not allowed to have them and SCOTUS upholds it, it is my prerogative.
Sure. I didn't even say I was for a ban on assault-style guns (although I couldn't care less if one went into effect), though. I'm just describing why I wouldn't have any cognitive dissonance if I had to decide if all guns had to be registered in a detailed manner in a nice digital database.
Yeah, the Army has numbers. And also Predator drones.
The armed forces are highly organized where a large majority of citizens aren't, except maybe small pockets of militia minded folks spread out here and there.
You are assuming the whole of the armed forces will willingly fight their own country. It's just as likely a large portion of the military would side with the citizens and fight their government.
Please see my response to u/adanipse. I think it's relevant to your point. I'm not saying you're wrong, just that there is historical evidence that adds some perspective here. I think the circumstances for the U.S. would be different than in the situations I described, but it may not be so cut and dry as you would think.
No i agree completely. It would be anything but cut and dry. And it's very likely that's all it would take to quell any rebellion. I also feel, as you said, the situation in the U.S. would be different. I'll use the Tiamanen square example. The chinese have been under an oppressive government virtually since the beginning. When you grow up with that i don't think it takes much to keep the people obedient. However in the U.S. we are used to a much higher level of freedom and even have a more "rebelious" spirit i think. I would like to believe when pushed like that we wouldn't give in quite as easily. But i concede it's very difficult to give a simple answer.
Rebellion is never cut and dry. Thanks.
Possibly, but then the Gov could separate the forces so they would be fighting in fronts that are far from home i.e. New Yorkers in Oregon, Alabamans in Colorado, etc.. When you have no connections, it's easier to see them as enemies. *Propoganda can do lots for those already prone to following orders.
I agree with both of your points. I think it would be super divisive. However, if I may... It takes an EXTREMELY small example to set a precedent for something. Take Tienanmen Square in China...they opened fire only a handful of times, and enough folks died then and there to suppress A BILLION PEOPLE for a generation. Take France's riots on developing nuclear power for their country. Hundreds of protests. One protester gets shot and killed, and everyone pretty much goes home and accepts their fate. How about Kent State? Everyone went home REALLY quickly. There are a ton of historical examples of this. Most of them are viewed as national tragedies in hindsight, but it only takes a handful of soldiers willing to pull the trigger on civilians, and a the stage is set for large scale compliance.
I agree, the majority of the population would just lay down and roll over. The real problems would occur with wide spread radical militias and possibly whole states that would stand against the Feds. However, the militias would have a huge problem organizing such great distances, so you can bet that they wouldn't last very long, but the errant States that may stand against the Feds would be a whole 'nother animal.
Honestly, I think widespread government takeover would have to be enforced at the local level, in the ultra-unlikely case that it did happen. There just aren't enough military personnel, drones, etc to get it done over such a wide swath of land. You'd need cooperation of local law agencies, who don't have access to drones and missles (although tanks and armored vehicles are becoming a thing for police departments). I don't think the military would HAVE to get super involved initially...only once strong pockets of resistance broke out (which they would). But small pockets they would be able to handle easily enough. Still, we're kind of speculating beyond the point. I still believe, big picture, that guns are an important aspect of our society, and have an important (though extremely unlikely) role in keeping the government in check. Even if we NEVER have to use them (and I hope we don't), that amendment is in place for a reason. Until congress/president/SCOTUS say that we, as a country, need to give them up, I'm still pretty all-for owning them. All that being said, some of the other folks have brought up good points against them, but none of them good enough to turn my opinion.
[deleted]
Trump complains about the election being rigged and here you are trying to use online polls to declare the winner...
oh man... I'm not going to want to be you on Nov 8th. Not Nov 9th morning, but Nov 8th. Early evening. Because that is when reality is going to come crashing down on your delusions.
At this rate a major network might call the race by next week.
because they spam them on the discord channel to raid them. http://imgur.com/6L4qiXz they've linked tons of them.
If the Trump campaign/his base spent as much time trying to run a good race, as they did manipulating online polls, Trump's chances would probably be better right now.
What about actual polls (non tracking)
[deleted]
He's losing pretty badly
I guess Donald can be President of Twitter, then
yea he wins online polls
He's not even winning the Breitbart poll. Breitbart is rigged!
Twitter polls are garbage. Trump sites encourage their denizens to spam them.
[deleted]
As president Ron Paul reminds us, we disregard online polls at our peril.
You can believe what you want I know what ice experienced first hand from people of all races. The polls and your social media is an echo chamber. HERE ARE THE FACTS HRC has not inspired anyone. I very rarely if ever see a HRC bumper sticker. Sanders yep. Obama everywhere. The Polls are not accurate. Many many people lie to the polls because they don't want to admit they are voting trump. Brexit happened.
If you seriously believe that, put your money where your mouth is and go bet every dollar you legally can on Donald Trump to win the presidency. www.predictit.org Go ahead. Make a mint and prove everyone wrong.
They don't want to admit who they are voting for in anonymous polling? Grasp for more straws.
"won't want to admit they are voting for Trump" because they feel sorry for themselves?
Ironically, this guy is banking on a groundswell of support breaking for Trump on election day, just like British pundits thought would happen with Remain. It didn't happen. If there's a Brexit parallel to be drawn, there it is.
Do you realize how different the current state of election is compared to Brexit? like others have said, Polling on Brexit was very close, and there was good reason to believe it would be a very tight contest. On the other hand, pretty much every national poll and battleground state poll indicate that Hillary is up and even putting places like Utah, Arizona in play. You are also forgetting that the US doesn't elect presidents based on popular vote and at this point Trump doesn't really have any path to get to 270 electoral college votes at this point.
Relevant username. The thing with Hillary is, the more people get to know her, the more people like her. [You might even become one of them.](http://fivethirtyeight.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/12/11/why-hillary-clinton-would-be-strong-in-2016-its-not-her-favorability-ratings/?hp&_r=0) The polls are not rigged. We've seen that Trump supporters are very vocal and thrilled that they've been given a voice this election. This is not a group of people that get shy when a pollster contacts them. Are there a significant number of you? Absolutely. 2/5 of the country supports Donald Trump. I find that amount staggering. Before this election I would have accepted 1/10 would support someone like him but ~40% is just… wow. That's really formidable. White nationalism is still alive and kicking. But Trump is losing. He's not just losing the Presidency, he's leading the Republican Party to a potential defeat in both houses of Congress, and he's leading them to a defeat on the Supreme Court for the next generation. This election is a deciding battle in the culture wars. And your side is losing bigly. I'm sorry. You are just simply losing. I'm receptive to any evidence to the contrary but as a Republican congressman said earlier tonight, "Trump is toast. Toast." Good night, and good luck in the wars to come.
bumper stickers lol
Brexit polling was extremely close in the final days before the vote, with many polls showing Leave leading. I'm not sure what the parallel is between Brexit and this election. In fact, many misinterpreted the polls because they believed many undecideds would break for Remain, which didn't happen.
Not sure why people who keep bringing up Brexit ignore the fact that polling on the issue was quite close and actually Leave was leading much of the time leading up to the vote which led people voting stay to say "nah the polls don't mean much". Trump supporters don't realize the fact that bringing up Brexit is actually a bad thing for their guy.
Brexit means nothing compared to how our electoral college works.
k...what does that have to do with what I said?
You're talking about Brexit, people are trying to compare that model of polling with how the election results turned out. I'm saying they can't be compared anyways since we elect presidents with the electoral process, which polls don't represent.
Polls are done state by state as well as overall and have been extremely accurate in the past 2 elections as well as mid term elections. The only people who don't like them are the ones who are shown on the losing side at the time they're taken.
Whatever dude, I'm saying Brexit has very little use as a comparison to those polls.
[deleted]
[removed]
> I got more than 50 downvotes for asking the same question. Shills are hard at work tonight. Turns out people get irrationally mad about people asking stupid fucking questions that just reveal their deep obliviousness - and phrase them in a way that suggests THEY are the smart ones. Y'know, like how you're whining that Clinton "revealed a state secret" that is so secret that people were writing action novels about it in the 80s.
Isn't that a good thing MAD depends on potential enemies expecting the US to respond to nuclear attacks with nuclear attacks of their own. Obviously they have plans in place in case the President is also killed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wgSSRE27GQ0 Google stuff before you ask
I learned that in school 20 years ago. A *german* school. So I guess the cat has been out of the bag for some time now.
She mentioned the time frame between giving the order and launching. Which has been public knowledge since the 80s.
>public knowledge Is this the new buzz word? She revealed a state secret. Plain and simple. Quit those logical gymnastics in effort to defend her stupidity.
There was a whole thing on it a few months back on NBC, right?
It's public: * SIOP (pronounced "sci-op") https://www.britannica.com/topic/Single-Integrated-Operational-Plan * DOD OPLAN 8010 - https://fas.org/blogs/security/2013/04/oplan8010-12/ * https://foreignpolicy.com/2016/08/05/our-nuclear-procedures-are-crazier-than-trump/ * http://allthingsnuclear.org/syoung/building-a-nuclear-war-plan * http://www.nukestrat.com/pubs/SIOP%20Glossary%201999.pdf Courtesy of /u/bschott007
"OHNOES! They know how long it takes us to launch a nuke!" "But does it matter if they still don't know when we're going to launch it?" "Oh, I uhh...guess not."
And that's the whole point. That the enemy *knows* that launching a first strike is pointless.
Yes because it hasn't been in every Tom Clancy book ever written since the 1980's *RME*
>She revealed a state secret. Yes, I'm sure he-who-Trump-doesn't-know is preparing an attack right now. "did you hear that?!? 4 minutes! Now we can attack! All their defenses mean nothing now that we're armed with this knowledge!"
Go to the Titan Missile Museum in Green Valley, AZ. They'll literally run you through the operation of launching a long range ballistic missile...
source?
I'll give you more than one. Sources: * SIOP (pronounced "sci-op") https://www.britannica.com/topic/Single-Integrated-Operational-Plan * DOD OPLAN 8010 - https://fas.org/blogs/security/2013/04/oplan8010-12/ * https://foreignpolicy.com/2016/08/05/our-nuclear-procedures-are-crazier-than-trump/ * http://allthingsnuclear.org/syoung/building-a-nuclear-war-plan * http://www.nukestrat.com/pubs/SIOP%20Glossary%201999.pdf Courtesy of /u/bschott007
Having trouble finding good phrasing to pull something about it up on Google. Regardless, it's not a national secret. Our enemies can know how long it takes from order to launch, because they still have no idea when the order is going to be given.
I'm a Trump hater, but he won that debate. Not that I'm surprised, Hillary just has to ride her momentum, Trump has to do bold moves (a couple of times backfired though). But too little too late for Trump.
He was not remotely close to winning that debate.
Nope, dead wrong
He lost this one badly. He literally doesn't even know the GDP is or how the senate works, and he broadcasted that to everyone watching. Our "GDP" is not 1% lol. That statement makes no sense.
Nope, dead wrong
Wat? Are you watching the second debate again by mistake?
Nope, dead wrong
You were watching a different debate. He won, only if you adjust for the lowered expectations for him. That isn't really a point in his favor, that he did better than as awful as expected.
Nope, dead wrong
Considering your point that he also won the last debate and it would clearly show in polls over the next couple of weeks?
Nope, dead wrong
Won? Trump refuses to accept the election. Refuse to admit he's wrong about Aleppo. Refuse to accept that his budget will increase debt. Then closes with saying Clinton will be 4 more year of Obama - one of the present with highest approval rating upon leaving the office.
Nope, dead wrong
> I'm a Trump hater You realize we can see your comments, right?
> yeah, this is my favorite one: > not my comment but I saw this I think of Trump supporters as s.h.i.t eaters. They eat the s.h.i.t (metaphor for defending whatever stupid and/or despicable thing trump does) Trump gives them every day. And they love trump so much, not only do they eat the s.h.i.t , but they spread apart Trump's rotten pumpkin b.u.t.t.c.h.e.e.k.s and lick his a.s.s.h.o.l.e clean of that shit, and they do it with a smile. >But two weeks ago, they're pleading, 'Trump please, no more, we're sick!'. And Trump looks them in the eye, smiles, turns around, and spews the biggest taco bell diarrhea yet. And his supporters are still going to eat it up.... But now it's a forced smile instead of a real smile. However, today, Trump took a shit so vile and toxic, many decided not to eat at anymore. Even those that do, are not eating it with a smile. Others have tears rolling down their eyes as they do. There's a reason why people in /r/TheDonald call themselves 'centipedes'. They are human centipedes. you just got owned, told, and denied.
So lets recap Hillary's performance tonight! - No answer for Saudi Arabia money question - No answer for Haiti - No answer for Clinton Foundation - No answer for her proposed No Fly Zone - No answer for Bill's sexual assaults I guess she won the debate, guys!
Weird how when i fi to politics frontpage to see the debate results I get 10 anti trump in a row with one positive Hillary post
Why is that weird if Trump is a horrible demagogue who traffics in racism, misogyny and near total ignorance of any of the things you would expect even a reasonably educated man to be familiar with, let alone a presidential candidate?
Correlates well with the election-day results predictions.
Because there's nothing to answer for. Saudi Arabia gave money to the foundation, not her. They also gave when she wasn't even Secretary of State. Go look it up. Haiti is a nothingburger. The foundation gets the highest rating from 3 different watchdog groups. She explained the no fly zone.
> Bill's sexual assaults Are they the same person now, or something? Is she his mother, expected to speak for him? If he did something wrong, it's his responsibility to address, not hers.
Perhaps she won some Trump voters over with this strategy, he's been deflecting every question from the beginning of his campaign.
Silent wrong
I hope there's a way we can convey "silent wrong" into a typographical format.
She did say the no fly zone would be well planned beforehand. That it includes cooperation and negotiation with Russia. War avoided guys.
How about that Trump foundation huh?
Fahrenthold will have a lot more on that soon, or at least that's what it'd seem from [his twitter](https://twitter.com/Fahrenthold/status/788934629965398017). He's been investigating it for some time, ya know.. actual journalism. Seems like a dying art.
It's not from Breitbart so why should I believe it?
Funny enough Hillary is winning Breitbart's "who won the debate" poll at the moment.
That seems like an even-handed and fair analysis, I guess I've got to vote for Trump no- Ooooh, you almost had me there!
The clear winner in this debate was Chris Wallace. Tough call between 2nd. They both did well. Considering how absolutely terrible I was expecting Trump to do, I almost want to say he beat Clinton. But Wallace was definitely the star tonight.
I agree, being he is employed by Fox I thought he might show his employers colors. I didn't see any preferential treatment. Good questions, but do wish he would have asked re: environmental issues.
Trump got absolutely destroyed. At least in the first debate, he had some good lines about trade. He was, as he would say, a total disaster this time around. Add "bad hombres" and "nasty woman" to the slew of legendary Trumpisms.
*Trump called his opponent a nasty woman, didn't answer any questions, and literally stated as one of the two major party nominees that he might not accept the outcome of the presidential election, but he also didn't shit his pants and try to fling it at people. I call it a draw.*
Why is Trump judged on a completely different (lower) standard than Clinton?
He's not. Trump had a lot more ground to make up than Clinton did and I think he did pretty well. Anyone claiming Clinton a clear winner in this debate is a shill.
> Anyone claiming _______ is a shill. Ah yes, [Godwin's](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Godwin%27s_law) second theorem.
People being angry or upset don't go out of their way to vote. Inspired people do. People like you and the rest of you down voting think disagreeing will make the issue go away. It wont. Hillary best shot to win is if the polls become very very close prior to election so people feel like they must show up to stop trump. If they stay were they are people lie u will be complacent.
Way things are looking it's more likely that Trump voters and conservatives in general are going to be the ones staying home. The man's 10 points behind in the polls and he keeps slipping further and further even in solidly red states (Hillary is within single digits of him in Texas). The media is unanimous in saying that his campaign is pretty much over and that it would take a miracle for him to turn himself around after this. The coalition the republicans have relied on to stay competitive has fallen apart. All those traditionalist republican types are staying home or voting for Clinton. The fanatics voting for Trump aren't enough to win the election. He needs the Romney type to even have a chance. If they all stay home while the democrats vote he's fucked. And way it's looking turnout for the democrats really isn't looking all that bad. Even amongst likely voters Clinton is massively ahead in the polls.
[deleted]
There are also public answers that are shared to misinform. Could've been one of those.
[deleted]
Strategic misinformation is a thing. That's why Trump blasting the announcement of invasions is him falling for it, just like we hope that the enemy does.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single_Integrated_Operational_Plan
4 minutes is surprisingly quick to launch ICBMs, honestly. But not sure that's classified information.
Its not, I mean come on now. Our enemies know that it takes 4 minutes from the order to launch. How does that even matter? As long as the order is given and received, against whoever it is, your fate is sealed. There is no weapons system on or near the Planet that can intervene in a full or even limited U.S. strike in 4 minutes. (And thats assuming you know the exact second the order has been given.) She was also referring like you said, to just ICBM launches, never mind all the Boomers (Ohio-class subs) and planes we have forward deployed with Nukes.
Nope it's pretty public knowledge for at least 3 decades.
[deleted]
Not legit source, but someone in the thread had mention a song called "4 minutes" by Roger Waters about people launching nuclear missiles, the song is written in 1987, so...
ICBMs have been around since the late 50s. So 50+ years, yeah.
Goes back to the Cold War
That information is very public, I thought everyone knew that. Here, I googled it and found an article citing that timeframe from Bloomberg only a few months ago: https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/graphics/2016-nuclear-weapon-launch/
[removed]
LOL k
Evidence of ELECTION FRAUD! IN AMERICA! https://youtu.be/Md2Mm1Vklm4?t=43 EDIT: [silly rabbit](https://youtu.be/TV6sjwqCQ2M?t=31)
Is this the video that a convicted felon posted?
Still lying about him being a felon? Can't help yourself can you.
Matt Groening?
Still less fictional than the life of James O'Keefe.
This isn't the YouTube comment section. Hysteria, caps, and exclamation points won't get you upvotes.
Lol trump supporter cant take a Simpsons joke?
I'll admit it, my bad. I saw the link and assumed it was another trumpbot spamming the O'Keefe video. An upvote for you, and an apology.
Lol yah, failed attempt at parody. I was hoping some Trump supporters would click and get rick rolled. Oh well, immediately down voted to oblivion by people who didn't click the link. Prolly got reported as a spammer too now that I think of it haha.
The whole point is, no one believes whatever Hillary Clinton says.
I do.
Except the people overwhelmingly choosing her in every poll currently out.
So sad America is going down. Just hope the whole world won't follow
Another issue that has barely been touched is James Comey’s FBI. With one ‘investigation,’ Comey was able to strip the FBI of 108 years of credibility. Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI over 70 times. This is a fact and Comey himself debunked Hillary’s claims that she “never sent nor received classified information,” and the other scores of lies she’s peddled. Despite all of the evidence, Comey insisted “no reasonable prosecutor would bring up this case.” No reasonable prosecutor, except maybe James Comey himself, who as an US Attorney, convicted Martha Stewart of lying to the FBI and gave her jail time for this. At the time he convicted Stewart, Comey insisted he put her on trial and he wouldn’t delay the trial “just because she is rich and famous.” WOW, what a transformation there! None of this surprises me and we’ll take a trip down memory lane to prove why. James Comey made more than $6 million a year from Lockheed Martin in his last year as VP for the company. Lockheed Martin is a Clinton Foundation donor and a Clinton Global Initiative member. Coincidentally, Lockheed Martin won 17 approvals for private contracts from Hillary’s State Department during her tenure as Secretary of State. Peter Comey, James’ brother, is “Senior Director of Real Estate Operations for the Americans” for DLA Piper. DLA Piper just happens to be Hillary’s 5th highest all-time contributor. If you find this coincidental or whatever else bullshit the Clinton’s and the mainstream media try to dismiss it as, you’re a part of the problem. http://www.cnn.com/2016/10/18/politics/project-veritas-action-robert-creamer-donald-trump-rallies/ How low will hillary go?
Keep connecting the dots.
Oh boy, I know I'm opening a can of worms here. I was not aware of much of what you've posted, and it sounds like it stinks. What you've pointed to suggests that Clinton is corrupt, and there certainly seems to be evidence to support that. I am curious if you've heard some of the allegations about Trump and the Trump foundation? Much of what I've seen and heard about the Trump Foundation/Trump University, etc, convinces me that Trump would likely use the presidency to line his own pockets. So, I guess my question is this, are you more upset by the idea of corruption, or by the idea of political insiders watching out for one another? If it is corruption, I think both Clinton and Trump would be pretty god damned corrupt.
Comey has a great reputation for exactly the kinds of things he did with regards to Martha Stewart. He's not some corrupt hack. He has explicitly pointed this out, and yet you still question him. Excerpt from Comey's statement re: Hillary's email and investigation (emphasis mine). > In our system, the prosecutors make the decisions about whether charges are appropriate based on evidence the FBI has helped collect. Although we don’t normally make public our recommendations to the prosecutors, we frequently make recommendations and engage in productive conversations with prosecutors about what resolution may be appropriate, given the evidence. In this case, given the importance of the matter, I think unusual transparency is in order. > Although there is evidence of potential violations of the statutes regarding the handling of classified information, our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case. Prosecutors necessarily weigh a number of factors before bringing charges. There are obvious considerations, like the strength of the evidence, especially regarding intent. Responsible decisions also consider the context of a person’s actions, and how similar situations have been handled in the past. > In looking back at our investigations into mishandling or removal of classified information, we cannot find a case that would support bringing criminal charges on these facts. All the cases prosecuted involved some combination of: clearly intentional and willful mishandling of classified information; or vast quantities of materials exposed in such a way as to support an inference of intentional misconduct; or indications of disloyalty to the United States; or efforts to obstruct justice. **We do not see those things here.** > To be clear, this is not to suggest that in similar circumstances, a person who engaged in this activity would face no consequences. **To the contrary, those individuals are often subject to security or administrative sanctions. But that is not what we are deciding now.** > As a result, although the Department of Justice makes final decisions on matters like this, we are expressing to Justice our view that no charges are appropriate in this case. > I know there will be intense public debate in the wake of this recommendation, as there was throughout this investigation. What I can assure the American people is that this investigation was done competently, honestly, and independently. No outside influence of any kind was brought to bear. > I know there were many opinions expressed by people who were not part of the investigation—including people in government—but none of that mattered to us. Opinions are irrelevant, and they were all uninformed by insight into our investigation, because we did the investigation the right way. Only facts matter, and the FBI found them here in an entirely apolitical and professional way. I couldn’t be prouder to be part of this organization.
So comey is corrupt because his brother sits on the board of a company that donates to hillarys charity? This doesn't make sense
> Coincidentally, Lockheed Martin won 17 approvals for private contracts from Hillary’s State Department during her tenure as Secretary of State. Not to take away from the point, but since Lockheed Martin is the largest government contractor, is 17 approvals during Clinton's tenure really that big of a deal? I honestly don't know but I have a feeling that it might not be a remarkable number.
Lockheed is the super high-tech company that built the f22 raptor. I don't know where in going with this but I don't really care they got 17 contracts during Clinton's tenure. That warplane is unrivaled, ridiculously scary, and has the ability to shoot most planes down before even appearing on their radar. Lockheed can take all the contracts.
[deleted]
Well... I'm not one to say it was all a conspiracy, but the primaries aren't particularly representative of "the will of the people." Party officials have a tremendous amount of influence over the candidates selected, and while I suspect Hillary would have gotten the nomination over Bernie even without it, she did have a lot of help from the DNC backing her while allegedly staying impartial.
I mean, not *everyone* picked these two in the primaries.
[removed]
Kellyanne body double
>2008: John Podesta and Obama’s voter fraud. As the Wall Street Journal pointed out recently, President Barack Obama and Attorney General Eric Holder have suggested that voter ID laws are a way of rigging elections against black people. And while they downplay fears of voter fraud, Hillary Clinton campaign chair John Podesta reported internally (via Wikileaks) in 2015 that Clinton operatives believed that “the Obama forces flooded the caucuses with ineligible voters” to win the primary.
>Fact-Check: No, the Clinton Foundation Did Not ‘Spend Ninety Percent’ of Money Donated on ‘Programs’
Clinton was her usual unlikeable self. Empty phrases, fake smile, memorized zingers. Trump showed too much anger and rambled a lot. They're both pretty terrible. Let's hope someone better comes along in 2020 and that whoever wins this year does a minimum amount of damage. Hard to imagine either one of them is capable of fixing anything. Can't wait until an AI takes over.
Cynicism 2016 - We all lose in the end.
They both suck but Hillary won this debate by a landslide because of Trump's incoherent ramblings and his temperament. Hopefully in 2020 we get someone like Bernie or Jill. And hopefully since I am 99.9% positive Hillary will win, Bernie at least rubbed off on her in some way and some progressive policies get enacted.
No way. Clinton is a corporate shill and has no conscience.
Well debating which evil is more or less evil won't matter. I think its Trump, you think its Clinton. Whichever one wins will suck. I voted Jill Stein and hopefully in 2020 like you said we can get some actual decent candidates. And preferably more than just two.
I saw real emotion coming out of Clinton tonight, honestly. It seemed that she finally is done with some of the more outrageous points of Donald's bullshit....there were some real moments of genuine passion from her that I don't think we've seen before in these debates.
Then you're really native. Clinton is a robot.
I found Clinton incredibly likeable
[removed]
She has a steel pussy. She's smart as whip and a hard worker. The other guy is a huckster. I'm with her.
I wonder what Trump's work--- I mean volunteers have to say.
Say what you want about Trump, but he did make a legitimate point about funding rebels. No one knows what happens to the big amount of money and guns that is handed to them. But we know some rebels also happen to be terrorist organisations like YPG. And once Assad's gone, and someone worse comes in his place, then what happens? Hillary is a cancer for the middle-east.
[removed]
She responded by saying that the over 90% of the money was verifiable and directly spent on charitable causes. Are you trying to argue you rather $25m stayed in Saudi coffers than being spent on charity?
I'd like to see a source on that 90% claim I would also like to remind you that a lot of the money her foundation collects "for charity" doesn't end up going to any impoverished or suffering people.
http://www.factcheck.org/2015/06/where-does-clinton-foundation-money-go/ > One independent philanthropy watchdog did an analysis of Clinton Foundation funding and concluded that about 89 percent of its funding went to charity. ... >Daniel Borochoff, president and founder of CharityWatch, told us by phone that its analysis of the finances of the Clinton Foundation and its affiliates found that about 89 percent of the foundation budget is spent on programming (or “charity”), higher than the 75 percent considered the industry standard. ... > We looked at the consolidated financial statements (see page 4) and calculated that in 2013, 88.3 percent of spending was designated as going toward program services — $196.6 million out of $222.6 million in reported expenses. This is of course with the caveat that not every donated cent is immediately spent, and they don't track the individual dollars donated by the Saudis.
The thing is, it could have been a good point if he had LET her respond. She was legit on the ropes at that second. Then, instead of letting her hang, he kept talking for another full minute and allowed her to pivot.
But the MSM will shift the focus to how Trump wouldn't confirm whether he will accept the result of the election.
Wrong.
"Why don't you give money back to those countries [that i just said kill gays]?" yeah okay thats a good idea lol
wow.. really? one of the least talked about points and you think he won on that? smh.
> That's a solid loss to HRC. Yes, it was a solid loss to Hillary. That's 3-0 for Clinton. She swept the debates.
Maybe if we pretend that was the entirety of the debate, yes.
She doesn't take money. Her foundation does. That's how charity works.
Were you watching the same debate as the rest of us?
Facts don't real only feels.
lol
Does it not bother anyone that HRC is calling out Russia the 2nd most powerful milatary in the world. She is using red scare tactics blaming Putin and Russia for hacking. Me personally I'm much more afraid of Russia than some middle eastern terrorists. She is playing chicken with fucking Russia man. How is that not scary to people? If she has proof Russia hacked the DNC publish proof. I'm sorry but I'm not taking her word on it.
Sorry, but Russian military is not as strong as many people like to think...Turkey shot down one of their fighters, and rebels along the Turkish border have shot down numerous Russian helicopters. What was Putin's response? Russians can no longer take holiday in Turkey. Also, just a little more info...Iraq had Russian advisors in Desert Storm 91...we crushed the Iraqi military in in less than 100 hrs(not including the air campaign that precluded it). The Russians have one - just one aircraft carrier and the rest of the fleet is less than 1/4 of what it once was...and most are in ill repair. On top of that the military sells flights in Migs to drum up cash to keep their planes in the air. Yeah, it is that bad. Russia a threat - maybe to a small nation like Ukraine...but it would be crushed by the US in short order. Russia won't challenge a no-fly zone over Syria - they can't afford it.
Russia vs US is scary because of nuclear weaponry. At the end of the day, if we're talking conventional warfare, my favorite fact to tote out about how much our military is overkill: We have the two largest air forces in the world - the US Air Force, and the US Navy.
Nobody "likes" it. It's just what happens. Superpowers are like Trump and Billy Bush on a bus. Just having locker room talk. As long as neither country actually goes and does any sexual assaulting, then it's just posturing to impress one another.
They have the second most powerful military in the world? That's funny I wonder who's number one 
It's not her word. It's the unanimous word of a dozen security companies & US government agencies. This isn't "red scare" bullshit. This is accusing a government of doing something, which [there is good evidence to show they did](https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2016/oct/07/us-russia-dnc-hack-interfering-presidential-election).
> If she has proof Russia hacked the DNC publish proof. I'm sorry but I'm not taking her word on it. She said it during the debate. Seventeen different intelligence agencies have all confirmed. Both Hillary and Trump received intelligence briefings some time ago pointing out that Russia was the culprit. Trump chose to ignore his briefing because it was politically expedient, and also because a lot of his policy positions align lock-step with Russia's interests. Clinton chose to accept the facts and work from there. http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/politics/ct-trump-intelligence-briefing-russia-20161014-story.html
I've seen about 20 comments all posting the same canned lines about the CNN poll and "hat trick", makes you think doesn't it?
About what
People know what a hat trick is. It's common.
No?
Makes you think that people often have unoriginal thoughts when reacting to the same events. Indeed.
Trump rocked it... Go Trump!
lol
why
Why is CNN making such a massive deal that Trump didn't say he'd accept potential outcome? Edit: I get it, it's unusual. I still don't think it's that big of a deal, considering who Trump is. No one should be surprised by him saying that
Because CNN is owned by Time Warner, one of Hillary's largest campaign contributors
I just don't feel like it's a huge deal. He didn't straight up say no. Besides, who gives a shit whether he accepts his loss or not? It's not going to change anything
Because it is unprecedented, no other candidate has ever said this, and with good reason. It means you don't say the basis of a democracy is something you won't accept.
because a lot of the political institutions in the United States, for better or worse, rely on their participants respecting and believing in their efficacy. Donald Trump has repeatedly, against all evidence, made claims that both the election and various government agencies are in cahoots against him. This undermines our political institutions and is a dangerous precedent to set. This is a bit of hyperbole but still relevant: in the ancient Roman Republic, generals in command of armies did not enter the city of Rome. It was basically a law but mostly an informal institution that was agreed upon and respected. Once Sulla entered Rome with his armies, it started a period of complete disrespect for civilian rule in Rome by generals, undermining and contributing to the fall of the Republic.
Your username makes me think you probably know about Sulla entering Rome....
Because the process of transferring power(Presidential) has been peaceful since the US was founded. I'm not taking the Civil War into account though.
I get what you're saying, but if he loses he has nothing to do with the transfer of power. It's not like he's a sitting president or anything
point blank, he wouldn't answer a question that wasnt a hard one.
Honestly America has a massive baby running for president. If I was the media I would rig it against him. It may be against democracy but why should America let a baby run the country? Why would anyone ever want what we saw tonight be commander in chief? I'm against rigging elections but if it happened this one time I wouldn't give a damn.
Because no other Presidential candidate has said something like that.
Because it threatens democracy and peaceful transition of power?
How does it threaten democracy? The results won't change whether he's happy or not. It's just him being arrogant to not accept defeat
Several countries within the last couple of decades have endured nasty civil wars because election results weren't honored. You end up with two people both claiming they've won. It's not at all unreasonable to suggest violence could result from Trump's position. It, of course, would be much worse if an incumbent refused to accept a loss since they'd control the military. But Trump's language and rhetoric has been called out as essentially inciting violence and even assassination. It's not **just** Grumpy Trump that folk are worried about. It's what some goofball Trumpsters could do.
He has made statements to incite violence from his supporters about accusations of Hillary rigging the election. There is no rigging of elections in a fair democracy, only in dictatorships. He is calling on his supporters to question the results of the election if it doesn't go their way. Asking "second amendment people" to get involved. Peaceful transition of power and trust of the democratic process is essential to our democracy. If Trump tries to accuse the government of rigging the election then he is saying we don't have a fair democracy, and the will of the people was ignored. That is what dictators do. It's not just about him not making a concession speech, it's about him calling our democracy a sham and the entire election a fraud and agitating the people. Who knows what he could start with accusations like that.
Because it's a big deal and they're not the only ones. Basically Trump refused to answer if he would concede to the results of the election if he didn't win. By refusing to answer, he's basically saying the election results are invalid which rocks the very foundations that our country is founded on. It's a very, very dangerous thing to do and has no precedent at any point in the history of our nation.
Because candidates always concede when they lose. Also Trump told his supporters to go out to polls and stop certain people from voting.
Because it's a big deal. Fox is talking about it too.
Is no one going to mention the fact that thee is proof in the email that Hillary took money from Saudi Arabia and gave priority to big donors and possibly met with them. All while standing up for women.
You aren't allowed to shit on Hillary here anymore I guess.
Isn't it better that the Clinton Foundation have that money than the Saudis?
I just find it hipicritical that she is advocating for women's rights while taking money and being in seemingly great terms with the Saudis who treat women as second rate citizens and kill LGBT people.
So her charity got tons of money with which to do good, and all it cost was maybe a meeting with some Saudi officials. Sounds like a good trade.
She took money from at least 2, both of whom are women's rights advocates in Saudi Arabia, I don't see anything wrong with that as long as it goes to good causes. Also, Trump wants to give them Nuclear weapons. So apparently that's fine while accepting charitable donations isn't.
Ok, but that's only part of the problem.The other problem is she giving we special treatment and priority to big donators, and that's a precedent that could run with her to the presidency. Also Trump didn't exactly say that he wanted to give them nuclear weapons.
That was massively exaggerated by AP, and they got called out on their shit. Basically, the Clinton Foundation has about 7000 donors, 85 of them met with Clinton when she was secretary of state. When AP reported that "more than half" of meetings with her were with Foundation donors, they limited it to non-governmental meetings, which excluded about 3000 people. So about half of the 150 or so non-government related people she met with were Foundation donors. Who were these people? Well that influential liberal Saudi Prince who was on diplomatic meetings here, a nobel prize winner in economics who discussed how his transformative micro-lending practices can aid poverty-ridden countries, and Bono, who his Bono. It was probably charity concert related knowing him. These are all influential people who even if they hadn't donated, it wouldn't be out of place if a Secretary of State would want to talk with them. Trumps Foundation meanwhile, was a likely tax shelter, slush fund to pay court bills and bride Attorney Generals that was recently ordered to be shut down. He also hasn't paid any of his own money into it for years.
Ok, makes it better then.
Take bad money and do good
Ok, but kind of hypocritical
You guys do know that blurting out the fact it takes 4 minutes from a command being given to a nuke being launched is treason right? Because, you know, it's classified information. Which is supposed to be a god damn secret.
> Because, you know, it's classified information. [LOL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Four-minute_warning)
Ey buddy, that one is the time between launch and impact. Which is actually different from what your Dear Leader revealed.
[Oh](http://www.snopes.com/clinton-four-minute-nuclear/) [really?](http://www.unidir.org/files/publications/pdfs/reducing-alert-rates-of-nuclear-weapons-400.pdf) [Try](http://www.bloomberg.com/politics/graphics/2016-nuclear-weapon-launch/) [and](http://occupydemocrats.com/2016/10/20/sorry-republicans-hillary-not-leak-information-nuclear-weapons-debate/) [learn](http://www.rogerwaters.org/tonyl.html) [something.](http://www.ucsusa.org/sites/default/files/attach/2016/02/Reducing-Risk-Nuclear-War-full-report.pdf) Don't hurt yourself :) Funny how Roger Waters "leaked" the same info YEARS ago. How did he have access to classified information? LOOOOOL
>You guys do know that blurting out the fact it takes 4 minutes from a command being given to a nuke being launched is treason right? Pretty much common knowledge to people that want to know, dude. > Because, you know, it's classified information. No, it's not. Google "Command and Control".
Or in a Business Insider article... https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/graphics/2016-nuclear-weapon-launch/ or, you know, Google.
It's even a damn [Wikipedia article.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Four-minute_warning) Haha.
It's actually not. It has been talked about in documentaries and tv shows for decades.
That's not classified. Why do you think that's classified.
Hillary is gunning for war. Wouldn't deny shooting down Russian Aircraft in Syria... could start a nuclear war...
No.
what? do you get info from facts or hollywood?
When asked about the possibility of Russia ignoring the no fly zone she completely avoided the question. If we shoot down a Russian jet the best case scenario is a repeat of the Cuban missile crisis, with everyone an inch away from the big button.
Hillary telling the world how long it takes the US to launch nukes...isn't that a big no no?
It's been known for decades. In fact, announcing it takes so little time is what MAD work during the Cold War. We knew that if one of us launched an attack, that the other would have enough time to respond in kind before the nuke reached them.
And I have to say 4 minutes is both pretty impressive and scary.
I'm pretty sure that anyone who has nuclear capabilities already knows this since their systems would be similar.
4 minutes to launch nukes. Seems to me that the world aught to know our fast capability. The whole mutually assured destruction thing has kept us free of nuclear war for 70 plus years now.
you can google that information
Not really, no.
the countries that are interested in knowing that likely already knew it.
Alright guys we got 4 minutes! Great, time for some toaster strudels before our imminent death!
How do we know for sure if what she said is true? She could have used an amount of time that's not near the truth. And if it's true, other major super powers probably already know.
They have documentaries on the whole process. Turn on the history channel once in a while.
No. It's well known.
It's a well known fact.
That really isn't a secret.
It's common knowledge.
It's common knowledge if you actually look into it.
Google says 30 minutes or less.
That's the time it takes for a land-based ICBM from the United States to reach Russia *once launched*. The time is approximately 15 minutes if launched from a nuclear sub. It does not surprise me at all that the time from the President issuing the order to the keys being turned is 4 minutes. If a nuclear attack was launched on us, Google tells me we would have approximately 12 minutes from the time of detection to respond in kind before being annihilated. Retaliation must be actionable in less than that time, otherwise MAD doctrine would not have existed during the Cold War.
Our nuclear tech is pretty common knowledge nowadays.
*What happened to the element of surprise?* Wait, is the element he meant plutonium?
Only if you think the world works like a Tom Clancy book.
What's the point of this if everyone is a liberal and refuse to acknowledge Hillary's faults
I think she's flawed. I also think she's smart enough to not fuck things up horridly.
real faults or the murders she has orchestrated? like, lets establish that we live in the same reality first before wasting our time
Not focusing on is not the same as not acknowledging.
His outshined hers by far
We can acknowledge her faults without a) blowing them out of proportion and b) thinking that they eclipse Trump's complete lack of qualifications, temperament, experience, and vision. Do I love Hillary Clinton, no, but I don't think she is as bad as her opponents make her out to be. You need to understand that many voters are middle-of-the-road types and that Trump is honestly *that* unappetizing.
not everyone is a liberal, and thats why Trump is getting owned in every swing state and put states into play that were solidly R...
I understand why people would hate Trump and be super anti Trump. What I don't get is why anyone would support a globalist, warhawk, career corrupt politician in HRC.
It's a choice between anarchy and corruption.
You don't know anarchy is an absolute you do however know corruption is.
Well, chances of anarchy is good enough for me to avoid it
Explain the anarchy that you forsee or can imagine
A: Globalism: Maybe they are globalists too? I am one myself. While I acknowledge that those individuals who lose out from free trade need to be compensated, in general production specialization and free trade result in cheaper goods and higher standards of living for both countries. I do not support the TPP, but more for it's terrible IP laws and poor environmental protection. In as far as TPP actually is free trade, I'm down. B: Warhawk: Once again a fair number of people are themselves warhawks. Furthermore, given Hillary's record, she's not actually that hawkish. Yes she promotes heavy use of drone-strikes and air force attacks, but she has been reluctant to push through infantry and occupying forces. She did vote for Iraq, but so did many others whom I still respect. C: Career corruption: I simply disagree. She definitely isn't the cleanest politician, but years and years of investigations about her and her corruption have actually, if anything, proven her remarkably clean in comparison. The saying "where's there is smoke there is fire" may be a nice cliche, but there is also the saying "innocent until proven guilty." And so far, Clinton has yet to be proven guilty. Now this is not perfect and neither is she. But there is a lot to like about her. Edit: formatting
Fair enough. Ultimately it's your choice. I respect anyone's choice as so long as it's informed based on their own understanding. And or it will benefit you.
You asked someone else if they were more anti-Trump than pro-Clinton. And that's true of me. Definitely right after I realized Bernie wasn't going to make it for sure. As time has worn on I have started to appreciate Clinton's positives a bit more. She went from the "short-term enemy" to the "long-term ally".
But if you had your choice you wouldn't be voting for HRC if Sanders was running
Oh, for sure. I'd prefer Sanders to Clinton. But I prefer Clinton to Stein. I am all over the board really. For instance I am pro-life... incredibly so. But that includes a total committment. So I oppose the death-penalty (which pushes me left). I also think life should be valuable and flourishing (which pushes me to liberal social programs). I also think that creation, like nature and other species, need to be protected. So that means I go left there too. But I want strong defense spending (although not foreign intervention per say, just more defensive moves), which pushes me right. Hopefully this rant helps explain why I may actually LIKE things about HRC, instead of simply being against Trump.
I agree with your positions I'm very similar. That being said I would never support HRC because I know she only says what polls well and then turns around and does what is best for her pals
Because it's one or the other?
It's not a Giant Douche vs a Turd Sandwich. It's a Turd Sandwich vs You Literally Get Cancer And Also I Killed Your Cat. One's unpalatable, the other appears to be an attempt to showcase the theoretical worst presidential candidate possible.
I get that. But that further illustrates my point that there are very few real HRC Supporters and many more willing to stomach the vote to stop trump.
Eh, at the end of the day HRC has a resume longer than Trump claims his penis is, and solid experience to back it up. We've never had a more qualified candidate.
I'm not sure her qualifications and track record are positives.
We probably won't see eye to eye on this one :). Suffice it to say that I've seen thirty years of desperate searching for a smoking gun on her come up with nothing, and I'm excited to see what the most qualified candidate in history can do.
I think the smoking gun thing is to create an illusion of two parties. They need to maintain disdain and divisiveness to maintain control. The reality at least for me is they are one in the same.
The political system has its issues, certainly, but declaring that they're one in the same is this conversation-ending super-trendy cynicism point of view that oversimplifies the issue without adding anything to the discussion. It's what South Park has taught people sounds intellectual but fails under scrutiny when it comes down to actual party platforms and a history of results. We're seeing interesting increases in partisanship of late, but it's not like both sides act identically - there are still differences ready to discern. Though the real interesting part now is that after three back-to-back presidencies the Dems have lost most of the territory they once controlled at the state level and gerrymandering could mean future trouble. Both parties still maintain significant popularity among their particular target audience, so it's not really the case that divisiveness is required to maintain control - plenty of people are still satisfied with an option on either side of the aisle.
Hillary's not a warhawk.
You're trolling right.
[deleted]
I understand that thought process. So you are saying you are more anti Trump than pro HRC?
It's not that complicated: compared to Trump she looks like a saint. She's got the experience and knowledge necessary to do the job. Trump has neither.
So you are another lessor of two evil voter not a real supporter just a believer that she won't be as bad as donald.
> she won't be as bad as donald Understatement of the century. Even going beyond not being as bad, however, I think she'll also do some very positive things for the country. I don't think she'll get everything done that she wants to, but Obama ran up against much of the same opposition and still managed to get a lot done. Now he's going out on top with his highest-ever approval ratings.
The problem is HRC will do exactly what polls well or what her investors want. What she says today can't be taken as the truth because she has shown tine and tine again to swap positions based on polling or cronisim.
You say that, yet her speech transcripts were leaked and there wasn't a single instance of her making promises to the banks in them. The Clintons have been rich for a long time, and money has seemingly never been among their main motivating factors.
Did you forget the part were she said her one fmgrwarest wish was for free trade, global economy and basixally open borders?
In regard to energy, yes. Not really applicable now that the US is moving more toward energy independence, but it wouldn't be a bad idea to have a grid that spans all of NA, Mexico and Canada included.
You really believe she was only talking about energy man.
In context, energy is mentioned a lot around that quote.
Why is being a globalist considered a bad thing?
Globalism is controlled by corporations the will of the people do not matter. Central banks, one law, open borders, bad trade, tons wrong. Imagine the US with no states and no state laws, one bank and one party controlled by corporations. Is that a place u want to live.
That... would never happen. All state laws and borders dissolved? Come on man.
What do u think a globalist agenda looks like long term?
I don't know. I don't really fucking care, honestly. It would take probably a thousand years or more for that to happen, if it ever would. I don't know if it would be objectively worse than what we have now, but I trust future generations of people with making those decisions. I think what we have now is great, but it isn't perfect, and I hope it gets better over the course of my lifetime. I don't sit up at night worrying about globalism.
For one globalism will result in neculer warfare.
First, you have to back that up with some proof instead of just saying it. Second, you have to explain what neculer warfare is.
Globalism equals one ruling party. Who becomes that ruling party will result in major warfare. Russia the 2nd most dangerous and powerful nation will want their head of the table seat. They won't allow us to be leaders in a globalist economy. What method will they use to fight.
it is the strategic launching of sick giraffes at other nations.
[removed]
Pretty sure you know what I meant and auto correct and cell phone fat fingers doesn't not equal stupid. Nice try though.
lol
Research globalism and the ramifications of globalism as they pertain to the less fortunate or those not in the ruling party. Then tell me.
This is definitely a good point. One of my greatest regrets is that Trump's focus on anti-globalism has been very low brow. He fails to acknowledge that yes, GDP grows from free trade but that doesn't mean the average worker benefits. So his opponents simply point out that free trade grows GDP and people either side with Trump in hating it or dismiss him as uninformed. A good thing would be a policy discussion about how to keep free trade, but also ameliorate the effects on those workers who lose jobs or lose wages.
The one area I like about trump is his trade policies. I think he truly understands trade and would be better than most in that arena.
Are people forgetting america fucking owns the globe??
About half the time someone says "globalist", they mean "Jew." Seriously--look it up.
>If I ever need heart surgery, it better not be done by some *career* cardiologist!
Wow, Mr Trump won that debate. Hillary told so many lies again.
Wrong
lolol
There were like 5 occasions where Trump denied things that have video proof. He even admits that he's lies to his supporters: ["I might lie to you" - Donald Trump](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KlwuLkDIQCM&t=8)
Please tell me you are kidding
I mean you can continue to believe the national polls if you want. All I'm saying is this race is way closer than the polls suggest and HRC DOESN'T INSPIRE ANYONE.
Unfortunately this thread like all of the others is group think the thread. Both of these candidates are terrible. HRC is a dirty politician who's failed on numerous fronts. Trump is a narcissist at best. Why anyone feels the need to greatly present a "Hot Take" and bash one or the other is a conditioned moron. We deserve better than both of them.
I agree, but if you're stranded in the middle of the desert, thirsty and hungry, and then you see a McDonalds and a Wendy's, whining that there's no healthy option is incredibly moronic.
So all that historical data on polling is just flat out wrong this time around because reasons? And not just single polls, averages of all the polls, state polls, etc? Oh I'm sorry. SO ALL THAT HISTORICAL DATA IS WRONG? Just wanted to make sure you could hear me.
you're living in a fantasy. you'll see that on election night.
What do you think the final results will be, then?
You can continue to believe whatever you think. HRC INSPIRES PEOPLE TO VOTE TO KEEP TRUMP OUT.
How many redundant, top-level-comments are you going to leave anyway? And why should we take the word of some random internet person over polls anyway? Your experiences- the only thing you have to match against the polls- are ANECDOTAL.
Hillary doesnt need to inspire anyone. All Trump has to do is speak
Wrong.
Trump inspires people to vote for Clinton the more he talks, i bet she wishes they had 4 more debates before polling day.
Go ahead and tell me which states Trump will win to get to 270 electoral votes. He has to win Florida, NC, and Ohio PLUS either Michigan, Virginia, or Pennsylvania. Yes, maybe the final tally wont be as far apart as people think, but his path to 270 is bleak at best
I'm Chinese Canadian and I think it's insanity, if there are any Chinese Americans out there considering to vote for Hillary. All my friends and family in the states(many professionals, doctors, etc) will be voting for Trump. Back in 1999 when a Clinton was president a Chinese embassy(in Belgrade blew up)and now almost two decades had passed. Things are starting to look good on a global scale. Tourists from China are happy to travel to the states, and there are U.S tourists who enjoy traveling to China. I don't understand why the Clintons are so bloodthirsty. Like the speech she made see link only made everyone in China feel uneasy. Hey peace is good for everyone. http://www.reuters.com/article/us-japan-usa-idUSBRE90H1AX20130118
You know you're breaking the rules by trolling here right?
China and USA have always been hostile to each other, it is not news anymore. After the rebuilt of China's economy it did get a bit better, but still hostile. Hillary's alliance with Japan is not something new too(And it is a common knowledge that Sino-Japanese relations has not been good for the past decade), USA have been doing that after World War 2, just with different presidents.
Are you married? If so, should you be held responsible for your husband or wife's job performance when you go interview for a job? No. Neither should she. Secondly, as a Chinese Canadian, do you believe it would be good for Japan and South Korea to have their defenses removed and be encouraged to gain nuclear arms? Do you see a problem there?
So you are encouraging the Japanese to further empower the JDF even Article 9 of the Japanese Constitution states they can not allow to have an army again. The army they have today can do much more than butchering all those in Nanjing If that's what you think I have nothing I need to say to you.
You responded to the opposite of what I said, and ignored every question. You should honestly read more carefully. I will give you another chance. Here are my questions again. Please answer them: Are you married? If so, should you be held responsible for your husband or wife's job performance when you go interview for a job? Secondly, as a Chinese Canadian, do you believe it would be good for Japan and South Korea to have their defenses removed and be encouraged to gain nuclear arms? Do you see a problem there?
It's a kid from r/Donald don't bother.
Good lord. These poor brainwashed children.
BARTLET FOR AMERICA please
Stop bringing up her husband, He's not running for president. She is.
You mean the accidental bombing that Bill Clinton personally apologized for shortly afterwards? The apology that the Chinese government then refused to allow be broadcast in China so that they could stoke the flames of anti-American sentiment to further their political agenda while pulling back their, normally strict, police controls so that the violent mobs they had whipped up could destroy a US embassy in China and other US diplomatic buildings? The same one where the US later agreed to voluntarily pay $4.5 million to the families of the three people killed and $28 million to the Chinese government for the damages caused to the embassy? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_bombing_of_the_Chinese_embassy_in_Belgrade
you wouldn't say the same if the people in that embassy were your family. Don't compare how you feel to the populace of Chinese. Your statement and I should thank you sir, driven me with energy and fuel to get others to vote for Trump. I can only say you have no idea how the people felt especially the ones with family members that died in peril.
Man, you must be really fun at parties.
Honestly I don't blame anyone who's undecided. Both candidates aren't very good.
They're both utter garbage.
I'm voting for Gary johnson. I refuse to sign off on either candidate I don't want their bs on my concious.
Watch John Oliver's segment on Jill and Johnson. This is not a "lesser of two evils" scenario. It's a "lesser of four evils" scenario. I don't personally subscribe to that notion (I like Hillary), but it's clear you do. And by your metric, Hillary is still the best choice.
You'll still have materially not voted against one by not voting for the other. You can pretend it's off your conscious and it'll make you sleep better but tangibly and realistically, doing nothing is as bad as doing the wrong thing if you allow something terrible to happen.
Well both candidates are the worst ever so I'll take my Gary johnson vote and be ok with it.
You're telling me that you agree with Gary Johnson's policies? You'd feel more comfortable with his fucking policies? Please, tell me why, for the love of god, would you want Gary fucking Johnson as our president? Johnson said he would eliminate the Department of Education, Department of Commerce, and the Department of Housing and Urban Development, then immediately said the government would still perform the functions of those departments if they were “doing something of value,” despite not being able to name anything specific the departments do. And that's just scratching the surface.
No I don't agree with all johnson policies. But for me I rather throw my vote away than have HRC or Trump on my concious
Tell me then. Which of his policies (that Clinton doesn't share) are you a fan of?
It has nothing to do with policy and everything to do with being a career criminal politician and war hawk. HRC will say anything to anyone to further her globalist agenda.
Thanks for playing Alex jones
Thanks for sharing your moral superiority in a debate thread
if you have HBO watch Vice News tonight and watch the segment with Gary Johnson. Hes crazy dude.
I don't care. I know he has no chance. I would never cast a vote for HRC or Trump
I love how Hillary talks about self worth yet she stayed married to a man that cheated on her multiple times...oh and she takes money from Saudi countries that throws gays off buildings and treats women like cattle. But wait you'll never get a good response from liberals about that one. I don't get what's the soft spot for Islam? It's the most homophobic, misogynistic belief system out there. Islam is the exact OPPOSITE of what liberals strive for. But you can't critize them otherwise they'll bomb you over a cartoon and a few jokes.
Each side, Republican and Democrat, courts the Saudis. Lol And she stayed married because of the Clinton name, which is Bill's last name, and the partnership they've built. And please stop generalizing about Islam, which you know nothing about.
Oh give me a break, Islam is the most gay hating and women's rights religion out there. Take off your tin foil hat good grief, and she has no room to talk about self worth. Islams a disgusting belief system, their countries are basket cases and the women are treated like shit. No wonder they all wanna leave. Don't act like Islam actually treated gays and woman fairly.
So why haven't you exploded yet?
> she takes money from Saudi countries that throws gays off buildings I think that's ISIS that does that.
I'm still undecided, infact I'm thinking of not voting for any presidential candidates at all and just focus on other candidates that are running for government position. The candidates are just that bad, I'd rather not walk out of that booth thinking "what hell did I just do".
The choices are VERY clear this year. It is up to each and every one of us to uphold our civic duty to vote. I won't tell you who to vote for, but voting is a constitutional right in this country that billions do NOT have. People have risked their lives over the ability to vote. You should really spend a few hours at least looking into what each candidate is about, and if undecided still write someone in. Please vote.
NO this is where you are wrong. The idea that we have to choose for one of the presidential candidates that we don't believe in is bull shit. I'd rather vote for other people in my states that are running for office that I think would help make a difference.
That's why I said write in your candidate on the ballot.
If you can't pick which is better I literally don't know what to tell you.
You have have to vote so you can complain though! Vote for that tiger guy at least.
I am going to go out on a limb here and say that I think that Donald actually won this debate. I don't agree with basically anything he said and I don't think he will win the election either. But his answers were able to cater to people who do not care about politics and policies as much. His replies were kind of witty and he kept his composure for about 20 minutes before going back to his usual rambling. And the sad thing is that Hillary actually did quite well compared to her other performances. Just the way I feel.
I'm going to go out on a limb and guess that you are a white man? He basically alienated every other group. Mathematically, I'd be shocked if tonight won him any votes he didn't already have.
> But his answers were able to cater to people who do not care about politics and policies as much Those people don't vote. See also McGovern 1972
Maybe this sort of performance jives with his core, as an independent I thought he did terribly. And not just because I don't agree with what he said, his responses except maybe the first 20mins were just effectively those of a child saying "wrong" or some other meaningless comeback
I don't think he improved his position while she came off more aggressive but it doesn't matter. What matters is how the soundbytes are played in the post debate and that's what will make the impact.
Well you feel wrong, Steak, you feel wrong.
>But his answers were able to cater to people who do not care about politics and policies as much. His answers catered exclusively to people who already buy into his shit. Which is also the exact opposite of what he needed to do.
[deleted]
Congrats.
[deleted]
Nature of the beast. You exercised your right to vote. Nothing wrong with that even if I disagree with the vote. The downvotes are silly though.
*too.
[deleted]
No worries, I'm not sure if you can edit imgur titles, but I wanted to point it out. I may not agree with your vote, but I'd like to thank you for voting. This country needs a lot of differing, questioning opinions, and without people expressing them, we'd be in an even worse situation than we find ourselves in. Kudos to you for voting, and I hope some(all?) of the candidates you voted for represent you well!
I just want to know why nobody seems to mind the political corruption that goes on in every aspect of our lives . I don't know anybody that really likes trump but Hillary's corruption is off the charts . Had republican voters elected Rubio or one of the other schills that ran in primaries it would be business as usual and the corruption would continue . Hillary is the absolute worst democratic candidate since Mondale ...period . Like it or not it's the truth . I have no bias , I can't deal with either one of the two running . All I want is the corruption to stop . That happens this country changes for the better . More money made by more people and the trickle down effect takes place and lives change for the better . Taxes can go up because people can afford it and better schools can be built and healthcare can be reformed feasibly . Stop the corruption and you get your hope and change . Don't vote and you get the good ole boy club that been the republican and democratic party for years . The public believes the sideshow games and thinks abortion and immigration etc .. are real differences in politics and they are if the people pushing those agendas truly care . Problem is Hillary and the democratic party the Bush family and the republican party all have a similar agenda it's just the pace differs in getting to the end with all the same names in power . Get over petty differences and think about the real problem . Corruption
> I have no bias Claiming you have no bias is a surefire way to show everyone you haven't examined yourself and accepted the biases you hold. If you're human, you're not objective when you describe your opinions. Also, saying "it's the truth" does not magically make it so.
Clinton has committed to ending Citizens United, so at least there's that \\\_()\_/
Yes, Hillary Clinton has spent her entire career in dealing with women's rights and children's rights because corruption. OTOH, Donald Trump is on trial in December for raping a 13-year-old girl. He also did business with Cuba during the embargo, when it would only benefit Castro and himself, because not corruption?
ending corruption will require a grassroots problem. more than the presidential election it needs the movement to end corruption to continue on afterwards, we focus too much on elections, we need to focus on the time between. If public opinion is strong enough presidents will do things they don't want to.
Trickle down is no longer an excepted economic theory. But I do agree with the disgust at this level of corruption. I found myself laughing at some of the questions asked and the statements pointed towards each other. It's quite absurd.
> Trickle down is no longer an excepted economic theory. It never was. It's literally just a buzz word.
I thought at one time it had SOME backing in economics, is that not true? I actually don't know anything beyond it no longer being excepted. I don't know the history of this thought.
Right wing economists gave justification to GOP donor requests for tax cuts for the rich and called it the Laffer curve .
That's what I figured.
One can vote for Clinton and still be concerned about corruption. Most of that happens on the local level anyway. Clinton didn't push for the baseball stadium nobody wanted located in the least suited location in my city for instance.
If there is one thing Trump wouldn't do anything about, it's corruption.
Drug free low energy Trump...pathetic.
Shout out to the GoFundMe person
How is she going to give the money back?
Can we please get some dead baby jokes going?
Well we can't abort them now, we are too far along
What station is everyone watching now? I'm waffling between CNN and MSNBC
CNN, because I'm too lazy to change the channel.
I'm on CNN, hoping they'll bring Jeff Lord back for another round. But I'm enjoying the fact checking owning Trump.
CNN, but Ana is not there.
For all of you talking about how great CNN is and their coverage, I'll leave this here so you know they are biased and that this entire sub is biased towards Hillary Clinton. PS I'm voting Independent and I'm not a Trump supporter but I'm sure you'll all find a reason to ban me anyways because I don't support Hillary. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-5bMSzU5NE&feature=youtu.be
CNN isn't even hiding the fact that they are biased towards Hillary. I'm not registered to vote btw and don't like either candidate, but the media biases are pretty disgusting.
You do understand what the word "biased" means, right? It specifically means an unfair prejudice. There's nothing unfair or prejudiced about disliking a bad person. Also, this is a public forum, people can voice their personal opinions, and if they don't like Donald Trump, that's perfectly fine.
Your whining about bias rivals Trump. Good job.
You gotta be 18+ to vote.
I'm registered to vote in the state of Nevada.
lol the victim complex is real. you guys haved turned into the biggest sjws of all
Yes, everyone that likes Hillary is biased and a shill. You should be banned just out of spite
"I'm voting independent" I'm sure you are.
3-0 for Trump. 1-0 for Pence. The debates really secured the white house for Trump
Care to extrapolate on why you think Trump won all three debates?
Bad trolling job
His feels.
*leans in to the microphone* Wrong!
NBC sucking Hillary's dick.
They're just trying to get on the good side of our next president.
Moderator was from Fox...
Watching on NBC, post debate coverage.
NBC reporting the news... This was beyond a disaster for Trump
I don't support either candidate, and would say that it was fairly even.
What the actual fuck is with all the Chris Wallace love in this thread? He was atrocious at moderating and he is a partisan hack.
lol, because this is the first time any moderator gave Clinton anything other than softballs? He was perfectly fair
He grilled both candidates equally, stop crying that everything was rigged.
While he tried to dig out the most controversial topics, he failed utterly to enforce any kind of moderation to the discussion - it was constant talking over one another and no one was held accountable about actually answering any of the questions.
Hillary Clinton will stand up for families against powerful interests. ...not unless those families donated to the Clinton Foundation.
This thread has gone to shit. It's a sad day when you gotta unsubscribe
Came here looking for a good debate between two sides. Instead I found a circle jerk. Glad I was never subscribed!
that's why you go to r/uncensorednews to see the crazy ass right wing version of politics. All about balance.
what two sides? between hillary supporters and the alex jones 'hillary literally kills people' side?
If you were looking for a good debate between two sides you are in the wrong election year.
And this is what I've never been able to understand about this year.It’s like people feel like Trump should be respected because he *is* the nominee. And that he should be taken seriously. Lets ignore all the shit he has said, done, pledges to do because at the end of the day he won the Primary and deserves respect. Fuck outta here with that mindset.
Playing World's smallest violin
Trump basically destroyed her on all fronts. Watch those polls.
Are you sure we watched the same debate
We will, but I guarantee you that donald calls them rigged as they show him continuing to free fall.
It's funny how two people can watch the same debate and come to exact opposite conclusions.
I'm going to go out on a limb here and say you already planned on voting for Trump.
I dont know. I may not even vote.
What's in like in your reality? I bet it's surreal.
LOL K Bro
Lol, real polls or the ones that Trumpbots will vote in?
I'm pretty sure Trump will be winning the voting on Nov. 28th.
You must be crazy
Hillary wants a No Fly Zone. Top Military Guy says a No Fly Zone will lead to war with Russia. Hillary is asked, would President Clinton SHOOT DOWN A RUSSIAN WAR PLANE? Hillary dodges the question. Wake the fuck up everybody, that's the whole election in one question right there. What the hell is so important about Syria that she's go to war with Russia over it? How can we even be discussing a hot war with Russia?
Yes I'm glad you mentioned this, I feel like Trump made such a fool of himself tonight that many people are ignoring the fact that Hillary did also say some troubling things. Specifically this one. I feel like it was a question that deserved a longer answer.
Russia doesn't want a war with us. They want a proxy war with us. It buys their government big media points back home.
Trump dodged the same question... Would you put American boots in Syria? Trump: we'll Hillary was wrong for sending troops and also wrong for taking them out. I still don't really know what he would do about any foreign policy issues
I don't think so, because it depends on the specific situation. The question was meant to confront Clinton about her doctrine and she doubled down to not sound too jingoistic. I wouldn't say a hypothetical future diplomatic incident is this election's most important issue, but I'm also not convinced on the whole no-fly zone thing.
Shut the fuck up. If you watched the debate you would have heard her say that the no fly zone would come after a lot of negotiations
And Russia can avoid conflict by respecting the no-fly zone.
No fly zone = shoot down anything in the sky not allowed. It wasn't a coherent question. Syria isn't that important in this context, but I'm betting the people getting bombed are important to some.
Um, she did respond to that question and said she was well aware of the implications and discussed how she work with Russia and Syria to negotiate a deal to avoid this situation.
You're probably just learning about this today, but violating a no-fly zone happens more often than you might think, and has never led to war. Shooting down a Russian jet inside a no-fly zone is completely legal. Should Russia try to use that as basis for military retaliation, it would not be accepted by the international community and they would likely be hit with sanctions. But that's all pointless hypothetical. The reality is that Russia's military is hopelessly outclassed. Should it come to all out war, they would be done in about a week. If they fire nukes, we fire nukes back... mutually guaranteed destruction. This is why they've been doing this proxy war bullshit for the past 50 years. It's their only method of projecting military power to advance national strategic interests.
She said that it wouldn't get to that point since she would have a serious discussion with Russia and Syria.
No it is not and we are not going to war against Russia over Syria.
She didn't dodge the question. She said that she'd try to establish the no-fly-zone as a humanitarian effort and deal with other forces in the region to make it a possibility. Now I don't necessarily agree with her position on the NFZ (and in fact I don't, I think the NFZ could be a powder keg), but to say she deflected on that question just shows you didn't pay any attention whatsoever. Edit: How about the fact that Trump denied caring about Putin despite saying he'd take a pre-administration meeting with him, or the fact that he says he's not a puppet and then constantly takes the Pro-Russia line on every policy that involves them?
Dude omg you obviously wern't listening. She said in response to that that any no fly zone would take cooperation with Russia. Negotiations was her answer to that.
Accurate username! She hates Putin, she can't negotiate, you people are crazy!
How did we end up with these two?! These election debates are like watching some low budget reality tv show that needs to get canceled. We are in big trouble if either of these two get elected, call it like it is; Trump has some serious issues with his moral compass and Clinton is a pathological liar. Both have horrible plans for the economy, national security and are delusional when it comes to what they think they can accomplish in the next 4 years. We need a third, fourth and fifth party in these debates to really put perspective on how bad these two really are. We need to stop voting against candidates and start voting for people that can really put our world as a whole back on course. I'm so disappointed in our political system and the state of our government, lobbyists influencing votes and law by monetary gain should be a federal crime. Too many charlatans in office looking for personal gain pretending to be something they are not. With that said, I would hate to be president. What a horrible job. The real issues, #1 better education system, 0% interest for 10 years on all school loans and pay our teachers more. #2 stop starting proxy wars all over the planet and funding other nations. #3 stop trying to make moral and common sense laws to dictate people when this is suppose to be a free country. We only need 1 law, don't harm anyone else or their property. #4 Stop the red tape and waste and our debt will fix itself. How much money is wasted in the united states just on navigating the horrible tax code every year? A simple transaction tax of .01% for any transaction over $100. The amount is small enough that only the people who really are short on money will attempt to avoid it by making sure all transactions they make are below $100. #5 Not just climate but the pollution killing our planet needs to be addressed now. not just by our country but by every man, woman and child on the planet. #6 but by far the most important... Stop electing these liars and frauds.
> We only need 1 law, don't harm anyone else or their property. I actually like the gist of what you are saying but this is an incredibly over-simplistic view of how a modern industrialized society operates.
I understand the need for more laws at the state and local level of course but I think for federal level we could simplify a lot by one single law, dont harm anyone or their property. fine could be 20x the property value and 25% of that could go to paying for improvements in the legal system. pollution could be fined at 20x the cost of cleanup. That would be the end of companies polluting for profits pretty darn fast. Since you cant put a value on life violent crimes could have a fixed punishment for type of crime. murder, life in prison no chance or release and those in prison should have to work x number of hours in a fixed safe setting to get anything other then a 8x8 cell, 3/4 of everything they make while working should go to the victims family. similar punishment for rape and other violent crimes.
what about having a national currency or military? power grids across state lines? military bases in different states? water usage for rivers and lakes that are located in multiple states? aviation rules for aircraft that cross the country? nuclear power plants? civil and criminal procedural rules? how officials are appointed and rules proposed, accepted and enforced? just go spend a couple of hours looking into the federal code and all the various aspects of a complex national economy and society it has to deal with
This was the only debate that I watched. I really only did so because I wanted to see crazy trump being crazy. I was quite disappointed when he actually made sense and calmly made most of his points. I would actually vote for him based off of that debate alone.
Wait...what? Which point did he made any sense? Forget about the points, he was even ignoring instruction of the moderator.
I actually felt like he was more mindful of the moderation than hilldog
You felt like the guy who got into a fight with the moderator about Aleppo, consistently ignored the content of the questions he was asked (such as opening his Supreme Court answer, which was probably a high point, by whining about RBG being mean to him) and continuously shouted while Wallace was trying to ask a question to his opponent ("CORRECT") was "more mindful of the moderation"? I'll agree that this was Trump's best debate, but that's not actually saying all that much.
While I don't agree that he made sense, he did come across more like a traditional candidate-- plenty of interruption, pivoting and obfuscation-- but none of the outright circus performances that the last two debates had.
He came across as MORE of a traditional candidate compared to the first two debates, but he still didn't pass the bar set by many many many candidates that have come before him. Let's judge people that are auditioning for the most important job world to the same standards as everyone else who runs for the job.
Agreed. It's hard to remember that, given the material we have to work with, but we absolutely should.
Or the part when he completely denied knowing the women accessing him of sexual assault even though that's not true. Or the part were he complained about Nafta then at a later time said he would increase free trade.
Did you miss the part where he said he would have to think about accepting the results of the election?
He never laid out a single plan about anything... We are going to build a great economy, ok how... We are going to get rid of the bad hombres, ok how... We are going to grow the GDP 4% even 5%, ok how... We are going to cut taxes for everyone and reduce the deficit, ok how.. We are going to repeal and replace obamacare, ok how and with what... No actual discussion of what he is going to do. At one point the mod actually asked him how his tax plan worked when it has been simulated / proven that it will grow the deficit. He spent his opportunity to explain his tax plan attacking hillary.
Easy trump win
larf
Larf?
It's the sound you make when you puke while laughing.
Ohhh... Btw, I love your username.
https://i.imgur.com/RjhgRowh.jpg
God damnit. Stop being better. I'm only a third as great, give me a break.
Ha.. Good one.
Wartimes Puny Natures Wimpy Iran Swept Yum I get you.
you're joking, right?
He's got to be or we were watching the wrong debate.
you seriously need to reconsider what you think winning vs losing means. Hillary had substance in every answer, policy in every answer, Trump dodged and attacked, never actually answering hte question. He even went so far as saying he wouldn't accept the result of the election, it was insane. You must think trump talking more means he won because he talked over everyone
I.. I was saying that u/Wtfmoses has to be joking.
oh, derp
It's all good ;)
Do you realize how many people are afraid to admit they are voting trump out of fear of being labelled racist?
How many?
From the crowds at his rallies to the number of lawn signs not many.
like maybe two people. the rest of them are very proud racists
not enough to tilt the election. but yes, there are definitely people afraid to admit they are pieces of shit.
Do you realize how many people are afraid to admit they are voting Clinton out of fear of being ostracized by their red-state Trumpet friends?
I'm sure it happens. Buy you don't see the media narrative against HRC like you Don against trump
It's not so much a media narrative as it is the media reporting on all the shitty things Trump says and does. That is their job.
The media if we can even call them that these days has run a muck of their duty.
amok, not "a muck".
Soon you'll have Trump TV to set the record straight!
How exactly?
You take your duty, make a muck of it, and then run it. Duh
The media if we can even call them that these days has run a muck of their duty.
Soon you'll have Trump TV to set the record straight!
You and probably a couple people you talk to so basically everyone.
There is no evidence of that. And in a lot of areas it is just as looked down upon to be voting Clinton. There wasn't that effect when Goldwater ran there isn't going to be an effect when Trump does either. It is an unfalsifiable claim.
When I attended the caucus in Iowa, we had people get up and speak in support of almost every single candidate. Nobody spoke in support of Trump. Same case with two of my friends (different locations). Trump won all three precincts and Iowa that night. It's an anecdote, but I wouldn't doubt people being embarrassed to be voting for him.
That has no effect on the polls though. Anecdotal evidence that he may have supporters who don't yell about him doesn't mean that his polling is off. Clinton has tons of supporters who don't hoop and holler about her and yet she beat Bernie who had very enthusiastic support (I was a Bernie bro back in the primaries). Just saying that your "evidence doesn't really mean anything as you are comparing visual support to actual support when you should just be comparing what we know about actual support (polling) versus actual support.
Oh I know the anecdote is with effectively nothing. The plural of anecdote is not data. It just felt weird, that's all. In any normal caucus, you would expect someone to get up in the front of the room and say why they're supporting the person who is projected to win the caucus. After all, there are more of them in the room than supporters for anyone else. Across the three precincts that I'm aware of, this never happened. I wasn't expecting to hear any speech about Rick Santorum, but we heard about him.
> I was a Bernie bro back in the primaries I wasn't aware there were Bernie supporters who actually used that label. Were you also an Obama Boy in '08?
I wasn't old enough to vote in 08, but if I would have been I was raised republican. I was using Bernie bro tongue in cheek.
We preferred Obamaniacs when I was on the campaign trail.
Maybe thats because they are voting for a bigot.
Being unaccepting of others point of view is bigotry. So you are a bigot too since you are judging trump supporters with a broad stroke
No, I'm saying that people might call you a bigot if you vote for a bigot.
Words don't hurt me also I'm not voting trump but u can still call me a bigot.
You still don't get it? Fyi: I didn't call you a bigot, but you have called me a bigot.
Ah, the South Park School of Bigotry. Personally I subscribe to the Three's Company Triangle of Needs.
Fewer then the women who say they are voting for Trump since their husband is watching them answer the poll questions but will actually vote for Clinton.
Do you have any idea how many people are afraid to admit they're voting for Clinton out of fear of being assaulted by their Trump-supporting neighbors?
Yes. When I think "Trump Supporter", I think reticent, shy person.
I'm already cashing out all stocks and retirement. I figure he wins markets tank and those with cash on hand make a real mint. Not a few 1000 online betting.
This is such a fucking stupid idea. Diversify. Invest in index funds. Play the market for 10+ years. Profit.
[deleted]
No. You invest in funds over a period of time, taking the lows and the highs as they come. Trying to time the market is gambling.
Except in the short term it's a relatively intelligent idea because the markets move on fear. Look at Brexit. If you had interests in the pound you got shafted (albeit you've now recovered). You could play long and just say "I made my position back", or you could have seized on the fact that markets HATE fear and change and play a corresponding strategy: If you think Trump can win - you sell out of long positions and buy either bonds or short-index ETFs, hedge a small portion of your money on double-long ETFs if you're that worried about the downside result or just accept your super-short term loss of 1-2% and buy back in.
Yes, let the liberal echo chamber roar with self applauding, the whole world can hear you in here!
How do you feel about FiveThityEigtht's projection?
ya boi got his pussy grabbed my man
Actually he's just that terrible.
Trump is a drunk orange clown and Clinton is a lying criminal with the tact of a potato. Here are your choices from President of the United States in 2016. When either of them get elected, America loses.
Your false equivalency won't make Trump look better. Sorry.
Your abrupt tone doesn't make you right. Try again.
If Clinton wins America at the very least lives to fight another day.
I want the people in America to live to fight another day more than anything else. Not sure war with Russia is gonna do much to keep some of my dearest friends and family alive. I've never been more scared and confused in my life.
War with Russia? Russia, as Mike Pence said clearly the other night, needs to be met with AMERICAN STRENGTH just as Clinton suggested tonight.
And Pence says one thing and Trump says the other. Trump is a selfish prick. He won't do anything that is going to put his precious golden towers at risk.
That's what we get for building our country on an Indian graveyard.
Thanks for the levity haha
When you know you've scared the establishment: Control, if not dominate a debate but the media claims you blew it based on an irrelevant comment about accepting the result and it negates 2 hours of policy discussion and things that matter. I'm not voting Trump, but the deer-in-the-headlights "nothing wrong with our system" approach of many Democrats/Hillary voters (and the NeverTrump republicans) is just sad. I get the messenger (Trump) is appalling to you, but if you're happy to just shut up and color to avoid him, you're worse than anything you believe he is. And that's to say nothing of the fact that Gore pledged "I'll accept it" and then, you know, backed out and filed suit against Florida. So, it's not even unheard of in the lifetime of even our youngest voters for a candidate to not respect the outcome.
You really think a presidential candidate not accepting the outcome is anot irrelevant comment??? There's civil wars started for shit like that. That's fucking horrifying and shows he lacks the temperament for the position.
Gore didn't start a civil war doing it. It also has no bearing. The Obama "sore loser" line is meaningless relative to someone's ability to do a job. If you believe everything in government is perfectly fine and working for the public, fine. But it's not absurd, intolerable, or wrong for a political candidate to suggest it is the case just because you don't want to believe it. In reality, that makes that candidate more important.
Gore wanted a recount, which is something that's been in our democracy since it's very start. That's far from attacking the legitimacy of our democratic process. It's the difference between fighting something in court and fighting the authority and legitimacy of the court outside of it's procedures.
Nothing Trump has said suggests he would do anything outside of his legally available avenues to protest the results (i.e. utilize the court system). Which is exactly what Gore did (suing Florida to get the recount until the SCOTUS smacked him down).
You and Lord should play bridge together sometime with Alex Jones.
I'm glad you think "hahaha everything is a dumb conspiracy" is a better approach than actually verifying and being comfortable in the known reality. Totally how an electorate should approach its leadership. "It must be working for us, and working fairly." Just shut up and color indeed.
Maybe just stick with Checkers instead.
> Control, if not dominate a debate This argument might hold up if this premise wasn't so fundamentally flawed.
You don't even need to agree on the debate results for the argument to be valid. Which is the scary part - the massive portion of the American electorate that lives in a la-la-land where the state surely knows whats best.
> Which is the scary part - the massive portion of the American electorate that lives in la-la-land where the state surely knows whats best. I can understand some complaints about the Nanny state. I even heard one of the parties has a platform position to ban pornography and to tell consenting adults what they can do in their bedroom.
If I was American, I would vote independent. I want neither of these people as President.
Am American. Cannot vote for either of these two people. Why are they the leading choices? Send help.
See John Oliver's segment on our third party candidates. We're really talking about the least worst candidate of four parties. It's depressing.
Here is what I'm doing. I'm cashing out all retirement and investments till after the election. I think Trump wins by a narrow margin. Markets tank and those with cash on hand will have a very rare opportunity.
I'm planning on investing heavily if Trump wins too, but seriously, don't bank on it.
Always play the market for the long run.
Make sure you restock your bug out bag with tinfoil.
No offense, but you have lost your fucking mind.
If that plays out, the markets will absolutely tank. Its not going to play out though.
Hillary had no charisma, and looked pissed the entire night. Trump takes it.
I guess. Maybe if you had the debate on mute.
Trumps reactions when Hillary was speaking continued to be genuinely off putting. Hillary had policy and poise, Trump had neither.
http://i.imgur.com/sP1RZLg.png
["Wrong!"](https://imgur.com/a/9BKLY#bLutSUl)
lol I loved her tonight.
Hahahahaha
[deleted]
Well the rest of the world disagrees but thanks for playing.
Being Canadian doesn't automatically make you intelligent and unbiased.
"I don't remember asking you a goddamned thing, Canuck." -Samuel L. Jackson
Most Canadians don't agree with you, and neither do we.
Canadian here and I completely disagree. Sorry about that though. ;-)
Apparently this will make a bunch of you mad, but my whole family thinks Trump won that debate HANDS DOWN. He has better policy and he called her out on her corruption. Even if he didn't have better policy, I couldn't vote for her and her corruption. The biggest beef I have with her is her "no fly list=no guns"... THAT'S BULLSHIT. I will be at the gun club tomorrow talking to them about what she said... I'm sure those other 4,000 members will not be happy with that AT ALL. Sorry if I made you really mad. I know you are going to insult me, so go ahead.
I was really happy that that gun question was front and center. But I wish it could have been a two parter that focused on her supporting banning the most popular guns in the country. Or nailed down what she means with the gun show loophole or online loophole. Then we could get a real answer instead of buzzwords.
i humbly disagree with you on those issues good sir but i understand why you support them and cant knock you for it.
You veiled that threat very nicely. But we all still saw it.
No need to go so hard on defense dude, I'm glad you and your family came to conclusions based on reasonable ideas, and I hope you go vote on the 8th to make your voices heard. Peace.
Just a random question as I"m interested in those that take any restrictions on gun ownership as a line to far for any candidate. Why would the no fly list thing be a large tripping point? Do you know many people on the no fly list?
Trump agrees with her on the no fly list policy
Hillary is still going to win despite your whitetrash family.
Ask them to write down on a piece paper an outline of Trump's policies. I think you and your family agree with vapor. You're turning clouds in the sky into elephants and schooners.
Do you realize what you need to do to get on the no fly list?
You are entitled to your opinion. This is a free country. I respect your right to support the candidate of your choice. But you better be a Cubs fan.
Much better policy? How so?
Well damn. If your family thinks he did good, I guess there's just no way around it.
She looks like she could be the president of a world power, he looks like he could be Duerte's VP. She's actually got a reasonable plan for the economy, he doesn't. He clearly has no idea what he's talking about w/r/t/ the middle east, "GDP," or world politics. I'm not going to insult you, but from an independent who really dislikes both candidates on a deep level, she's clearly the only serious candidate in this election.
Your family is factually incorrect. But then again, facts have never really mattered to Trump's voter base.
You do realize trump has the same policy right?
Wait...where did you hear any Policy from Trump? You must've watched a different debate.
> The biggest beef I have with her is her "no fly list=no guns"... THAT'S BULLSHIT. Well, how do you feel about Trump supporting that very policy, then?
Whoops... /u/PTSD_and_Guns might just short-circuit.
Can't say I agree with you but you are entitled to your opinion. Thanks for sharing but I can't think of a single substantive policy he said let alone one that was appealing. And if you are so offered by "no fly no buy"I'll remind you he endorsed the same thing in the first debate.
Nice copy and paste you got there.
He lost dude. He lost bad.
Can we get a fact check on the many lies Hillary said tonight. Specifically the 90% of the donations the Clinton foundation receives is used.
Sure, go ahead.
http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/aug/25/reince-priebus/reince-priebus-false-claim-80-clinton-foundation-c/
https://www.charitynavigator.org/index.cfm?bay=search.summary&orgid=16680 https://www.charitywatch.org/ratings-and-metrics/bill-hillary-chelsea-clinton-foundation/478
It's 88% according to Charity Watch.
Dude. You have no idea what you are talking about. Tell me this do u know anyone that has been called and polled?
Bless your heart
Are you talking to yourself?
ssshhhhh, just let him be.
I was very happy with the moderation after they were clearly biased against Trump in debates 1 and 2 I'm not voting for Trump. Hillary is a politician, she's a candidate for big government and big business, and she never, ever has an answer when pressed on those things. Trump isn't a politician, he doesn't know policy in any deep sense. I think Trump would be good with a few huge mistakes that overshadowed everything else. I think Hillary would quietly make things worse.
[deleted]
You are aware that Trump is a senior citizen?
I'm not a supporter of trump i hate them both, but Hillary is far worse
You took the red pill as a suppository, didn't you...
The armrest thing was undebunked. That model of aircraft did have removable armrests in first class.
Too bad there's a tape where Trump brags about sexually assaulting women (a crime btw).
This comment is the problem right here. Responding to well-documented accusations of sexual assault with disbelief is exactly why so many women keep these events to themselves. You provide no real evidence as to what really went down that day in the air, but you've already declared beyond a shadow of a doubt that her claim is baseless, and that she's only accusing him because he turned down *her* sexual advances. It's because of comments like this that women remain in abusive relationships. That's not the only reason, certainly, but it is among them.
Maybe if she brought this assault up any other time in the past 35 years it would have been taken seriosly. Three weeks before the election is 100% politically motivated in a disgusting way
This statement is troubling because it shows you haven't really considered what it must be like to be a woman in this position, and sexually assaulted by a rich, and powerful man...and man who has stated repeatedly that he believes in completely destroying his enemies ("hit them back fifteen times harder than they hit you,") to make an example of it, show everyone else to not mess with him. Would you really come forward to accuse a man like that? At best, no one would take you seriously, and you'd be laughed at and forgotten immediately. At worst, this rich and powerful man, with resources you can't even dream of, would take on a personal vendetta to discredit you and ruin your life. What choices did these women really have? Seriously sit still and think about this one for a minute. On the one hand, you can try to get over it and keep quiet, fight through the injustice of it. On the other...life completely ruined. Honestly...what would you do, if those were your choices? The AH tape and the resulting public outcry against Trump is the first moment these women could have felt even remotely safe to come forward, to think "Maybe now someone will believe me, and maybe now he won't just be able to squash me like a bug for speaking out, and totally get away with it."
She and the others brought it up now because Trump went on television and claimed he's never sexually assaulted anyone.
The man literally *just* went on TV and claimed that he's never sexually assaulted anyone the way he described in the Access Hollywood tape. Maybe *that's* why these women are finally coming forward after all these years? The man who attacked them is lying to the country, and they can prove it. It's perfectly reasonable for someone to have gotten over it, moved past it, etc. However, when the man who sexually assaulted you goes on TV and claims he's never done such a thing, that's a pretty legitimate catalyst for coming forward with these accusations. Coming out with these accusations will *not* help the women. It won't provide any lasting fame or money, and none of them came out swinging (immediately planning to pursuing legal action against Donald). At the end of the day, it will make their lives much more complicated, and open themselves up to huge amounts of scrutiny and criticism. In spite of that, they've come forward, and the last thing anyone should be doing is drawing conclusions about their 'motives'; and none of said conclusions are backed by actual evidence. I have huge respect for these women, putting themselves out there, reliving painful memories, and opening themselves up to criticism, just for the sake of better informing the American people who Donald really is. **EDIT:** To respond to some of the PMs - we have Donald on record saying he doesn't treat women with respect, that he just starts kissing them without even asking, and that he grabs them by the pussy. With so much compelling evidence against him, and very very little evidence *supporting* his claims, the onus is now on *him* to prove that he didn't. It's completely reasonable to believe these women over Donald, based on the evidence available.
The release of the tapes was obviously politically motivated, but the victims didn't have anything to do with that. Perhaps they came forward because the tapes gave them the final motivation to stand up to Trump's threats and bullying. Perhaps they had it confirmed that they weren't alone as women assaulted by this man and they finally said 'enough is enough' and came forward. I'm a trained DV counselor. I've worked in halfway homes. You're allowed to feel however you want but you're spouting a lot of really harmful misinformation about abuse victims and it's part of the main reason they don't come forward more often.
actually, she wasn't a stewardess. and flights in 1979, 1980 did have arm rests you could lift up. even in first class. http://money.cnn.com/2016/10/14/news/donald-trump-jessica-leeds-armrest/ that eyewitness wouldn't exactly be the best guy. he claimed to be a leader of a paedophile ring where he would provide young boys to british politicians. his only proof, his photographic memory from 30+ years ago. i barely remember the faces of people i work with, but this guy all of a sudden has photographic memory and remembers details from 30 years ago. please don't compare mccain's one instance to Donald's multiple. if you don't think donald trump is a creepy sexual predator, please find truth to back it up.
You know what, I think you should have proof to accuse someone of being a sexual predator, not the other way around. You're insane
there is proof. he admitted it to billy bush. there are people that the victims shared their stories with that came forward.
[deleted]
It's not bias... it's just common sense. sorry but trump doesn't make sense.. just like your argument. it's cool. i know better than to get in an argument with someone who is praising trump like hes their cult leader. enjoy jonestown, i heard its nice this time of year. just be careful about the koolaid.
I don't like trump, but it's ok never let the facts get in the way of a good story. Keep believing the moronic media and keep your tin foil hat on as you vote for Hillary.
Kayeligh McEnany is smart and beautiful
Smart, yes. Beautiful, yes. But God help me if she has "good judgment."
Who quotes Rush Limbaugh.
Beautiful yes smart no.
Georgetown SFS Harvard Law Smart isn't measured by your politics.
"I can't give you a brain, but I can give you a diploma." --L. Frank Baum I just like that quote a lot.
The Wizard of Oz doesn't hand out Harvard Law degrees.
Well certainly not with that attitude! The degrees are an awesome accomplishment, but aren't really how I tend to measure people's smarts. *shrug*
People tend to measure other's intelligence by how much they agree with them. I think that's reductive and stupid personally. There are brilliant people across the political spectrum. Every single person who got into Harvard Law and graduated is in the top 1% of students. They are all highly intelligent.
*shrug* Just pointing out it's not a free pass.
Ehhh she constantly denies facts and just spews bs... that is a key trait of someone that is just dumb or intentionally lying it honestly is probably the latter
She lies when she needs to. She has a very challenging job defending an impossible to defend candidate. Much more often she obfuscates, or misdirects, or creates false equivalence. She's doing all of that deliberately.
Yeah that is probably true, it just makes her come off as stupid
It's calculated. She's not going after us, we're not potential Trump voters and we follow politics closely. She's energizing her base and hammering the Corrupt Clinton narrative that resonates with the middle. Even if she can't get them to Trump, she's trying to get them to stay home rather than vote Clinton. I dunno, I like the business of politics and try to recognize talent even when I deeply disagree with their policy positions. I think she's extremely talented, moreso than Lorde, heck more than Giuliani at punditry. Her, Conway and Christie are the three best at creating and pushing pro-Trump narratives in the media.
She's a 6 at best
she went to harvard
So did BHO, and the right never tires declaring that he's not smart, either.
True, so did many other people... your point? Good grades =/= being smart... just as a personal anecdote the smartest person I ever knew flunked out of UGA, he was a certifiable genius and just stopped caring about his studies .
remember when Glenn Beck forced Van Jones out of his federal job!? Pepperidge Farms remembers.
I hate to say this, im sooooo sorry but Trump totally won tonight. I think lots of minds have changed about him and he might win afterall.
This debate reinforced everything we've already known about both candidates, it's not going to dramatically shift anything. Scientific polls will keep going for Hillary.
You guys are not even trying anymore, huh? Such low energy concern trolling.
Why do you think he was the winner tonight?
Trump was a disaster. He lost big time. CNN said that he constantly uses the word "disaster"..it's his favorite word. I say that's because he loves everything that's 'Trump'.
*Wrong.*
You mean wall candy?!?
Trump lost soon as he refused to say he would accept the election results.
It's gotten to the point where it's hard to tell if people are being sarcastic or genuinely serious.
Poe's law, baby!
[deleted]
Aleppo
TRUMP 2016!!!
TPMUR 6021!1@!
I'm sure trump will see this comment and invite you into his abode where you'll have the chance to suck his dick all day, and thank him for the opportunity
Thank God his campaign will be over in a few weeks
Watching the debate in DVR. I really don't see where Trump got destroyed like the comments are saying. Apparently CNN polls were close and still there is a lot of undecided even after watching it. I see the media trying to hold onto Trump not saying he would concede, seems like a pretty dumb thing to try to make the top story considering the other stupid things he said so far. I have seen senators etc. not concede after losing, and in this case the election hasn't happened yet. Did Gore concede? [Did Hillary formally concede to Obama](http://www.nbcnews.com/id/24953561/ns/politics-decision_08/t/clinton-refuses-concede-nomination/)
[deleted]
yep.
Nobody here is paid. Not by Hillary anyway. Not only are there legitimate reasons to hate trump there are zero legitimate reasons to like him. You're delusional.
He actually had a very solid 40 minutes. His attitude and responses seem to take a turn about halfway through.
If by "very solid" 40 minutes you mean half-recognizable word salad that didn't devolve into insults... sure.
Half-recognizable is much better than his typical un-recognizable. :)
I don't like to grade presidential elections on a curve :)
Hillary held on in the nominating race for a long time but did eventually concede and throw her support behind Obama. After the recounts ended yes Gore did concede, how you can compare waiting until the official election results are actually known because it's close with "I don't know if I'll concede if I lose" I'll never know. This election brings out all the false equivalencies.
You can compare them by affirming the right to challenge the results in a close election like gore did. It hasn't happened yet
Gore initially conceded then took it back when the margin became close enough to trigger an automatic recount for the state that would claim either victory. Recounts are part of the process. This is alleging the entire process is rigged, vastly different. The only reason democracy is able to survive is confidence in the impartiality of the process because that stops people from killing each other. That's why issues that could affect that are taken so seriously. That's the difference.
He could have bet her for 99% of the debate but "I'll keep you in suspense" was a completely disqualifying moment. As it turns out he didn't beat her on a lot of issues. They rallied their bases on reproductive and gun rights. Then Hillary dropped "He choked" and it was all over. He just can't control his temperament.
What does "destroyed" mean? Clinton won the debate by about 10 points if you look across the (non-online) polls. That's a very significant margin, but not as much as the first debate. About 1/5 undecided say they went to Clinton. About 1/5 undecided say they went to trump. Most remained uncommitted. Those are not negative for Trump. But they're not positive either. Clinton can take a knee and walk this election unless an upset happens. It didn't happen. Most watchers favored Clinton as the 'winner' of the debate. But the real numbers suggest things just stayed the same. Given that Clinton is about anywhere from 7-12 points nationally, and that is deadly to Trump.
Gorgeous conceded once the election in florida was certified.
He did better than he did last time. But the thing is Clinton absolutely nailed him on a lot of shit. "Good" for Trump is a really low bar to cross. As long as he doesn't have a mental breakdown and fling shit at people then he's done "good", by his standards. That doesn't change the fact that most of what he said only really made sense to people already voting for him. Clinton came off controlled and knowledgeable. Trump came off like your drunk uncle who's in way over his head.
Gore didn't concede because of the situation in Florida. Considering Trump is facing a landslide right now, we all know he is just full of shit.
Gore absolutely did concede, he just waited until he was sure he lost. That doesn't seem unreasonable.
Yes but with all the talk about how its all rigged and going to be stolen from him, people are just going to assume he is talking about not conceding even if its by more than a close margin.
I was talking aboot Gore not Trump. Trump's teasing the idea of not conceding if he loses at all, Gore just waited until the process was completed and then conceded. Granted he wanted more in the process but accepted the results in spite of that.
He started out by trying to continually reel himself in. The line burst during the Mexican President comments and so the unpredictable and the foolishness went loose.
Yes, he did.
He started strong. I actually posted that it was his best strategy and it was helping him. When he said he wouldn't concede if the polls said he lost I lost him completely. That's not what a democratic system entails. I'll admit he had to do a lot to get my vote in this debate, but that was the nail in the coffin. He absolutely does not believe in our system.
Not conceding is probably one of the worst things he has said. Other deplorable things he has said are bad for him personally. Not conceding is bad for the foundation of our nation.
Nah it's not really anything that big of a deal especially since the election hasn't happened yet, this is pure speculation. If he loses by a landslide he will have to either concede or have someone from his campaign issue a statement, it'll be more embarrassing not to do it himself. If it's a significant amount but not a landslide the same thing will happen. As I said Senators and governors have lost, skipped town, and then issued a statement. It's childish but not the worst
Ummm no, he could sue for recounts to be taken in many different states/districts where it might be close, which would cause all kinda of issues. Bush/Gore was a near nightmare just with what happened there and Gore got screwed out of his presidency, but he bowed out and didn't make a fuss about it. Trump has a history of screwing people over and then forcing them into court to try to do anything about it. The man could cause problems to the functionality of our whole country with his BS. Remember, his supporters willfully riot.
When had Trump not done something embarrassing? Like constantly lie when there is video evidence of him contradicting himself.
No candidate has ever said such a thing. It hasn't even been a question in past elections. Its a big fucking deal and saying that it isn't is pure delusion.
[Hillary Clinton refused to formally concede to Obama](http://www.nbcnews.com/id/24953561/ns/politics-decision_08/t/clinton-refuses-concede-nomination/)
It's the only thing that's going to be on the news tomorrow. Trump could have said the most intelligent, heartfelt, thing ever. The moment he said that he insured that this debate is only going to be remembered for that moment. Even people who would have seen this intelligent, heartfelt, moment would have been confronted with the clip of him saying the election is fraudulent (more or less) over and over again. In any scenario it dominates conversation and makes the rest of the debate irrelevant. He fucked himself.
The polls are all showing a huge Trump victory! This could very well bring him back in the polls (he is already ahead in actuality because of a little thing called the silent majority). There is a Trump victory ahead, I promise you that.
Tell me, what is ignorance like?
Probably just a bot.
They say it's bliss
Lol
Which polls? You talking about the one on KFCM 90.3, Topeka's #1 News Source?
Troll Comment of the Year candidate, right here.
Ok, back to the looney bin for you.
Why wasn't Jill Stein or any of the other 3rd party candidates included in this last debate? I don't give a shit what Hillary or Trump have to say at this point. They don't answer the questions anyway, they only use them as launching points to further their own bullshit narratives. This whole election is a joke & I'm sick of it.
Because the presidential debate commission is controlled by the GOP and DNC to further ensure their virtual monopoly on the American political system is not broken.
There has to be some minimum standard to be included in the debates though, right?
She's irrelevant to the outcome of the election. One of these two people WILL win the election, and the debate is about helping the American people decide which one of them to vote for.
Jill Stein is a fucking joke and pathetic, they couldn't manage a dunkin donuts. Shes has never held any office in politics or even ran a business.
Because she wasn't polling high enough. You actually have to be relevant for people to waste the time, energy, and money on you.
Jill Stein was unable to attend over fears about the strength of wifi transmissions in the building. Very serious concerns.
Because there was a clear standard set before the debates before any candidate could be included in the debate. It was 15%. Neither Johnson nor Stein reached that number. There are dozens of people running for President. There has to be some standard for who is included.
Well, glad that's over. I guess it comes down to this. I support Trump. I do not agree with all of his politics. I'm pro-choice and actually voted Sanders in the primary here in California. But after what wikileaks released regarding the obvious bias against Bernie, it confirmed my suspicions that this country is run by corrupt people with only their interests in mind and not the American people. Trump may not be the president we hoped for, but he will serve the citizens of the US in a democratic way. A vote for Hillary is a vote for corruption. Good luck America, we're gonna need it. Edit: Wow. I suppose my opinion is very unpopular here. That's ok. I still love you all. We need one another to keep things going. No matter who is elected, I'll accept that.
r/politics is r/hillaryclinton these days. If you want a more thoughtful and moderate platform, well, you're out of luck.
> he will serve the citizens of the US in a democratic way Unless he loses, in which case he will refuse American democracy and claim it was rigged?
I do not support Trump but we are fortunate to live in a democracy where we have the ability to vote. So happy voting to you.
> A vote for Hillary is a vote for corruption. They're both rotten to the core. One is politically corrupt the other is a corrupt businessman. My main question would be do you believe global warming is real and do we need to do something about it in the next 4-8 years?
From what i understand about climate change, there's not a whole lot that we can do to stop it at this point. The world economy is too dependant on non renewable energy sources. Its sad that we have a fireball 93 million miles away that could power the entire earth and we aren't utilising it.
Trump won't have any time to serve because he'll probably be impeached a month into office.
It's a choice between anarchy and corruption...
Trump serves nobody but Trump's ego. He made it clear tonight that doesn't respect actual democratic values (not talking about the political party).
You're a moron.
What an intelligent and well-thought response.
While I completely disagree with your assessment of Trump, I appreciate your well thought out statement. The one thought I will add is that as a fellow Bernie supporter, I don't see how you can endorse Trump at all as he is the literal antitheses to the platform Bernie was running. Trump will not be successful in eliminating corruption within the current system because he isn't educated about the current system at all.
He refused to commit to accepting the outcome of the election. How is that democratic?
Everyone is entitled to their vote, but Trump doesn't even respect the democracy how will he serve Americans in a democratic way when he doesn't even accept our democracy?
Glad to see you accept you've already lost
No shit. This is the craziest thing I've read tonight. Makes zero sense.
Being in California, I suppose my vote will cancel yours out.
That's nice. Vote for the exact opposite of what you voted for in the primaries.
If you think this egomaniacal billionaire is the one fighting for you, you deserve what you get. Bernie hasn't wavered one bit in his support of Hillary against Trump.
Bernie also just bought a $600,000 lakefront home a little bit ago after running on the "i'm the little guy" ticket, so, I mean there's that.
> Trump may not be the president we hoped for, but he will serve the citizens of the US in a democratic way. i really don't understand how anyone could reach this conclusion.
Complete and utter brainwashing is the only thing I can come up with.
When I turn off CNN and address Hillary's pay to play, it's an easier conclusion to come to than thinking Hillary's oligarchy is in any way democratic.
This fake outrage and terror over the "won't accept results" is so laughable. Nobody is thinking there will be a violent uprising, it just means he would be incredibly frustrated or indignant. The media will make a mountain out of this mole hill.
> Nobody is thinking there will be a violent uprising, it just means he would be incredibly frustrated or indignant. Then why doesn't he explain that? No other candidate has threatened to not accept the results.
It doesn't need to be explained. The media which is overwhelmingly liberal has and will continue to distort whatever a Clinton opponent says, Republican or Democrat. This will die down in a couple of days but Trump is certainly not doing well.
Reality is overwhelmingly liberal.
It won't die down... well... unless some other Trump thing doesn't replace it. Conservatives will amp up their attacks on this stance. Please realize this had already begun before the debate. It will continue and get stronger. A large number of Republicans will condemn this. And Trump will fight back. He'll keep it alive because he'll double-down rather than change his tune. You don't even really need the media... or liberals.
Regardless he is a fucking dope for dragging it out for the knuckleheads. Simple question, simple answer.
so Donald...what wait what.......what are you doing?
The fact you don't see a problem with what said is a reflection of you, not the media.
[deleted]
Jake?
I think Clinton Won debate 1, Trump won Debate 2, and they Tied in debate 3.
Nah, that was a slaughter for him. He just kept flailing all over the place. He couldn't let go of the Russia thing, He didn't say he would accept the results of the election, He kept changing topics, then there was the amazing "I have the most respect for women" "Such a nasty woman" bit.
But they both interrupted each other. They both had to be stopped by Wallace. And, thankfully, they both had to explain policy more than the last two debates.
[deleted]
How about the fact that the only thing Trump has is "Trust me". No plans. No ideas. Constant lying about his opponent and the things that HE HAS SAID ON TAPE like, a week ago? Yeah, go figure, even a high school debate club member would have beat Trump in this, because at least they'd have brought some real facts.
When she pretty much said that she was taking out Osama while he was filming celebrity apprentice. It really highlighted how inexperienced he is.
In policies: Hillary won In Temperament: Hillary Looking Presidential: Hillary Telling the Truth: Hillary Well Spoken: Hillary Words: Hillary She won every round. He had opportunities and missed it.
She won because she is alrdy winning in polls. She basically held her lead.
Trump basically punched himself in the face at least 5 times in the 30 minutes I watched.
which country is your highest standard then?
Many view Hillary as corrupt, sure. But the argument can be made that she knows the game better than most. Policy aside, Trump seems completely out of the loop on most topics, stammering over even basic concepts of military strategy, foreign policy and due process of government. Hillary, even if you disagree with her politics, at least seemed to have coherent thought-out answers.
Trump refusing to answer the question about accepting election results. Hillary should have walked off the stage. That is not American. There is literally nothing Trump could do anymore to earn my vote. Absolutely nothing.
When trump repeatedly talked about women ripping babies out of themselves on their due dates.
I think he KO'd himself. Somewhere between "bad hombres", "I'll wait and see", and "nasty woman". Hillary just got out of his way.
The ko was trump announcing he would refuse to accept the outcome of the election, that the rule of law was meaningless to him. [This guy says it much better than I can.](http://talkingpointsmemo.com/edblog/strongman-in-waiting)
> Where was the KO exactly? The KO was when Trump refused to say that he would support the election results, but would hold us in suspense.
In a reality TV sense, which is how I read your comment, no. In a more nuanced, intelligent, way, yes, Clinton absolutely trounced Trump tonight.
Trump won the debate and will win the presidency
If you believe in fairies, clap your hands.
haha
honestly dude though...'donald the great'...? jesus christ that's just sad, leaving preferences aside, the fucking 'great'...? hahahaah, look I know it's all a joke and you're piling on with the meme but just stop and think for a minute, the 'GREAT', it's weak as fuck dude and really beta to just bum up some other guy and call him your leader and God emperor etc etc
You are now moderator of r/thePyongyang
Clinton won the debate at the Putin puppet bit and all Trump could respond with was a childish "no, you are!" Not to mention Trump performed absolutely shittier in this debate than in the last. Classic Trump, two steps forward, one cliff jump back.
Yeah...no. Trump did nothing to reach out to anyone other than his core fanbase. He's going to lose.
You jokes are welcome sir! Thanks for the comedy!!
hello bot!
TIL that I'm a bot. How could I live all this time without realizing it?
sentient too! i wish your masters didnt program you with such a thankless task
Lol
gr8 meme
>>93783708 (OP) "Me too! The way she laughed about gays being pushed off buildings tonight at the debate touched me. She wants to bomb Muslim countries and I hate muslims, so I'm also with her." Make America Great Again.
How do you say "tech support" in Russian?
What the fuck is this nonsense
Was there a debate I missed?
r/the_deplorable spam.
Really undecided honestly. I hate them both, but which is the less of the two evils? Might be time to vote third party. I have a lot of thinking to do. EDIT: don't come near me or my comment karma ever again
I hope this is sarcasm
Can we please stop belittling people for having opinions that aren't our own?
It isn't. They both have a lot of cons, and each clashes with my personal beliefs. The point in voting third party would be to advocate for a third party. I'd love to have three choices instead of two.
Speaking as a Canadian... I can't stand either candidate, but is it *really* that hard to decide which candidate is more of a butthole? Trump is the epitome of the worst type of human being you could possibly be. Delusional, narcissistic, vain, impulsive, prone to temper tantrums... Hillary is none of these things. Trump has a very solid block of people who will vote for him no matter what. Hillary does too, to a certain extent, but a vote to a third party (and btw Gary Johnson is a fucking moron and Stein is polling at 3%) is a vote gone towards helping Trump in that sense. It sucks, I hate the two party system, but that's the reality you Americans have to deal with in this election. Don't gamble your future away because you want to hold onto your integrity. That's noble but it isn't wise. Hillary is by far the lesser of two evils and I can't believe you're struggling that much to figure it out. America needs progress and she isn't the face of progress. But she also isn't the face of "why do we have nukes if we can't use them." My 2 cents.
I think part of it is being eighteen and having never participated in an election, I'm still trying to figure out where I stand in general. I know Trump is an ass, but I agree with some of his policies. Same with Clinton.
Fair enough, man. What an election for this to be your first vote
It's not rocket surgery. What are you issues? I mean what policy issues matter most to you?
Abortion- I'm pro-life, but I also feel women should have a choice to abort a fetus *to an extent*. Definitely not past 6 months in the womb. Taxes- I'm partial to Clinton's tax plan. It seems to make more sense. Economy- I'm a huge supporter of bringing jobs to America. I'd love to see us become the leader in industry advancement. Borders- Close 'em up, but *vastly* improve our immigration process. Ideally have it so if someone wants to come here, they can do so quickly and (almost) painlessly, while also ensuring the safety of our citizens. See why I'm so conflicted?
Not really. All of those issues align more with Clinton's policies. On abortion, only Clinton wants to allow a choice at some point. States do have and will continue to have the option of preventing late term abortions. On taxes you already agree with her. On economy both candidates want America to have tons of jobs and be leaders. Clinton thinks this is done through better education and focusing policies to help industries of the future, not trying to compete with low wage factories in China and Mexico to make cheap shit. Trump has little to no plan on actually accomplishing what he wants to do. Neither will be able to improve the economy single handedly, but Clinton's plan creates a reasonable pathway to future success. On borders, by closing them up I assume you mean secure them. Both candidates want to secure them. Trump will probably devote more resources to doing so. He will definitely not improve the immigration process, as that will take jobs away from natural Americans. Clinton will focus more on having a better immigration process than securing the border.
Hmm... Guess I should go look over their policy sheets again. Thanks for the perspective!
Well, in my honest opinion a third party vote is useless at this point. It's obvious either Trump or Clinton will win this specific election, and I feel you need to choose whichever one suits your interests. Look at their positions on issues, and pick the one you want. This is a really important election because of the supreme court justices, and you need someone whose views align with yours.
True, which is where I'm struggling. I want a three party election in my lifetime, so I feel like it's my responsibility to put my vote where my mouth is. I'm honestly just so conflicted.
My advice would be to wait until the next election, Trump is killing the republican party, they're splitting, and eventually we're gonna see a major third party pop up like in other developed countries.
I mean, with the way Donnie's fracturing the republican party, the next election could foreseeably be three major parties.
Then the voting system would have to change which would take an abolishment of the Electoral College. Without that you will never see a third party win the Presidency. Which means that third parties need to run where it matters not try idiotic hail mary passes at the presidency.
Right, which is why I'm hoping I see it in my lifetime. That still leaves me with (hopefully) 60 or so years. I like to think that's enough time
What's more likely to happen is for one of the two major parties to move their platform closers towards a third party's platform. Nader in 2000 did influence the Democrat platform in 2004. Bernie has obviously influenced this election, and he might have ran as a third party from the start or after the convention. And I think changing a major party is a win for third parties.
Oh yes for sure, and that's my hope for the coming years. I just hope we see a major player 3 way down the line.
How so. If they don't tank I just jump back in. If they do I'm golden.
Wut?
Are you typing in your sleep?
Do you have any clue how to reply to a comment?
..what is aleppo?
He doesn't cyber.
Trump is on her head he lit
further evidence that obama/hillary is clueless and damaging to the United States https://www.yahoo.com/news/u-seek-explanation-dutertes-separation-180514197.html these two will go down in history as the biggest buffoons ever to be in power in the united states
Have you heard anything about Duterte? Certifiably insane. He's for exterminating drug addicts
I didn't get to watch the debate. Tell me, what did the other candidate say that made sense to thou, that you agreed with?
I still can't believe it's come down to these two, how did it get so cancerous?
[deleted]
So nothing new
We learn Trump's a jerk every debate.
Has anyone noticed that 59 + 35 != 100?
Those people in the gap voted "wrong"
/r/theydidthemonstermath
Some are undecided, some voting for someone else...
Probably some draws/tie votes
Undecided.
~~The rest are undecided. Still.~~ Edit: whoops... Was thinking about the focus group numbers, not the debate percent. The rest are people who thought it was a draw.
i'm assuming the rest is undecided, and just didn't put it in
There's an option for "draw", but they don't mention it.
Swift and easy win for trump. Hillary looked like she slept through this
Took me a bit of scrolling to find this comment. Why aren't you hiding in the safe space like the rest of your brethren?
Lol
Did we watch the same debate?
What are you smoking? Can I have some? Did you get it from a bad hombre?
....I bet if you keep rocking back and forth and telling yourself that in your shower while you cry, you might start believing it
No.dog in this race but i think trump gave enough reasonable doubt in his sordid way. It at any rate makes me want to know more about each of their economic plans in more detail and explanations. I think trump got.in some good dings one being that "her husband" didnt agree with her on obamacare" or questions about the Clinton foundation. I think if i.go with.hillary and she mucks it all.up well she mucked it up with all this experience. Trump seems like he would muck it up as part of some experiment and blow it off as the whole country is rigged. I do see what hes talking about, tonight only, about media bias. Everyone's talking about the same issue and how well hillary did I.think he did well.for him
Thanks for all the responses about periods. This isnt a thesis so im hardly concerned about making it grammatically correct for strangers. Opinions are fine. We all have them. So what, its jus discussion. Respect ppls choices and just disagree. Its healthy and ok. Its not that deep. Ciao!
His economic policy is essentially massively expand the national debt via slashing taxes for the wealthy and hope that magically makes money appear.
Are you on some crazy phone? That was almost impossible to read will all those periods.
So hard to read I agree what a great point Have an up vote !!
Your writing abilities are on par with Trump's speaking abilities when he goes on a word salad rant.
Are you a real person? Do you proofread your comments?
You are silly to not realize how important inspiring people is. HRC doesn't inspire anyone. Not enough to show public support.
Not true, she inspired me to get more sleep.
You know for someone who claims to not care about Trump or Clinton, you sure posted a fuck of a lot in this thread about how much Clinton sucks. Also, I find Hillary Clinton quite inspiring. Think about it. The first student commencement speaker at Wesley, worked to ensure no discrimination in early childhood education, started legal aid in Arkansas, worked to improve rural education, worked on healthcare, adoption, and other issues. Declared that women's rights are human rights, and that gay rights are human rights. And now, likely to be the first female president. Quite inspiring, if you ask me, for a young woman who grew up with a father who ran a drapery shop.
Inspiration cuts both ways.
The main inspiration is the prospect of a psychopath in the other side possibly taking control of the United States. She doesn't need to inspire anyone *herself*.
Trump's only legacy is bankruptcy and his #1 rule is vengeance. If DJT is this country's inspiration, then America is lost forever.
> HRC doesn't inspire anyone. She inspires me, so your statement is incorrect.
She's lucky her opponent frightens and disgusts people, eh?
So would you say that a majority of Hillary's support is—I don't know—silent?
It's ok, Trump makes up for it by inspiring people to vote for HRC.
Trump DESTROYED her in every way imaginable, and to pretend otherwise is pathetic
Lol, okay. Don't you have some polls to brigade?
Relevant username?
I'm trying to figure out if your post's content is related to your username...
Forgot your /s
Where can I sign up to be counted among the pathetic?
Relevant username.
Don't you have some online polls to be manipulating?
Except in the polls, I mean you can't deny that right? Oh wait you are denying that
The delusion is strong with this one
Delusional.
I'm sure you get a lot of shit for posting that sort of thing, but I'm legit curious about why you think so
Name checks out
Ummmm...
As a child, Wednesday was always "opposite day" for some reason. I'll just go ahead and assume this was true during your childhood also.
lol yeah okay
Please give me the number of your dealer.
Name one way
You sweet, summer child...
Username checks out
Wow... both are crooks. I can't vote for either of them. Oh well.
Please vote for whichever you think is the lesser evil at least. One of them is going to end up President, whether we like it or not.
Voting is saying I like this or that candidate. I don't.
Fair enough, it's your right in the end. Whether you choose to exercise that right in the end is your choice. As long as you are content (or equally discontented) with whatever President the US ends up with.
Thanks for your understanding. Even with being down voted to oblivion
Hillary. We gave 90% to the Haitians. Totally FALSE! http://hotair.com/archives/2016/10/12/report-clinton-foundation-donors-got-rich-haiti-relief-efforts-haitians-live-squalor/
In case you didn't know, some no name website like hot air isn't a reliable source for information
You need to do your research kiddy! >In the midst of such suffering, only a fraction of the money devoted to Haitian relief has actually been spent. This May, the U.S. Government Accountability Office reported that of the $1.14 billion allocated by Congress for Haiti last year, only $184 million has been "obligated." In a letter to the Obama administration this spring, 53 Democratic members of Congress blasted the "appalling" conditions in the refugee camps. "The unprecedented relief effort has given way to a sluggish, at best, reconstruction effort," said Rep. Barbara Lee, who is demanding an accounting of how the relief money is being spent. There is, she said, a "lack of urgency on the part of the international community." http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/news/how-the-world-failed-haiti-20110804
I'm not addressing your Haiti "fact" check, but I am fact checking your quote, because that's not what she said (tbh I don't even know what that's supposed to mean). 90% Of donations to the Clinton Foundation go to charitable causes, and 10% to operating costs.
Hillary looked so defeated, i don't see how anybody could support her after that
LOL if by defeated you mean smiling mingling with and hugging family, friends and supporters while Trump skimpers away to his car an leaves immediately then yea totally dude. Have you ever considered that you might be in denial?
I bet you thought Trump won all three debates.
The only reason she looked frustrated was from putting up with this for a third time
Trump was the one squinting trying to hide his bloodshot eyes. She was smiling and looked pretty happy.
Takes a lot of stamina to fuck somebody for so long.
The victory formation in football sorta looks defeating if you don't understand it
When?
Just stop.
Mostly because she destroyed him.
I like how no one in this thread is mentioning that Hillary gave away classified information. Edit: No one can handle criticism and is violating rule 1: Be civil, do not call users morons, trolls or children.
The thing is though, and I'm not diminishing her mistake, but how many times do you want to talk about that? There was a year long investigation. It's been talked to death. She has every answer prepared and has already spoken about it. What do you want from this? Why? What will change?
OP meant the 4 mins response thing.
Well see the confusion there is pretty simple. Easy to see how someone would mistake what op meant seeing as how that's not classified.
Which, for the 100th time on this thread, IS NOT CLASSIFIED, OP
Where did you get that idea from? No it isn't classified. This has been public knowledge since the 1980's and widely talked about. The only way you would think this is top secret or classified is if you actively avoided learning anything a about our nuclear forces. Mutually Assured Destruction doesn't work if this information is classified. Reagan actually mentioned our response time more than once during his time as president. Sources: SIOP (pronounced "sci-op") https://www.britannica.com/topic/Single-Integrated-Operational-Plan DOD OPLAN 8010 - https://fas.org/blogs/security/2013/04/oplan8010-12/ https://foreignpolicy.com/2016/08/05/our-nuclear-procedures-are-crazier-than-trump/ http://allthingsnuclear.org/syoung/building-a-nuclear-war-plan http://www.nukestrat.com/pubs/SIOP%20Glossary%201999.pdf Courtesy of /u/bschott007
No, we are very, very aware. It's just that flaw is easier to look past as opposed to someone as reckless as Donald Trump.
Because no one cares.
Whereas Trump just encourages foreign powers to hack us and interfere in our elections. That's better.
Care to elaborate?
I like how Trump got handed a pitch right over the mound with this and didnt know how to knock it out of the park
>no one https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/58eh18/2016_presidential_race_third_presidential/d8zx5qa Here you go, love
The part about Trump being a Russian puppet?
That it takes 4 minutes to launch a nuclear missile. And plus. their both puppets for the 1%, not Russia.
Lmao. Go watch Crimson Tide or something. Lock Denzel up!
That's absolutely hysterical, if you think that's classified. You're either trolling or adorable.
You must have been born yesterday.
Uh, that's been known since the 80's.
How is that top secret again?
I suppose if you have never read a book or watched a movie about the cold war it is secret /s
Trump won. Hillary sounds like every other politician that ends up not doing what they promise.
I'm sure that Trump will do every one of the ten thousand nutso things he's promised to do. Including all of the contradictory things he's pledged or promised. Many of which involved changing laws that congress controls, and a few of which involve actual amendments to the Constitution. I'm sure he'll do all that stuff.
Yeah. Except he didn't.
i'm legit in abject hatred of them both, but by no honest standard did trump win. at most, we were watching bottom feeders fight for shit at the bottom of the ocean - and hillary got a tiny bit more than her share.
He only won in the minds of redneck idiots who think everyone who sounds intelligent is against them.
lol, go back to your safe space. The adults are discussing the debate.
If that's your bar, you're doomed in life. "She's a politician, fuck it!"
Trump got completely destroyed
And it was a wonder to behold.
It was fantastic to watch, throughly enjoyed him getting destroyed on national TV yet again. Can't wait until Nov 8.
When Trump becomes president, Hillary is going to Federal lockup!
Oh my sweet summer child. Lol.
Grandma broke the law!
She actually didn't but ok. Sure . What she did do was knock the shit out of apricot pol pot. Tough to run as a strongman when grandma body blows keeps walking off with the belt and a smile.
With how much Clinton brings up Russia I can't help but think of Joe McCarthy. Hope you're all ready for a new cold war.
Sorry, which candidate was for renewing the nuclear arms race?
Which one talks of Russia as our greatest treat but is yet to provide even a shred of even circumstantial evidence. I don't care if she has Comey backing her because the FBI thinks Comey is a crooked cop.
Mitt Romney?
Romney was an idiot about Russia. Yeah their a threat but the cold war is over. Maybe I'm too young but I don't want to see the east versus west rivalry to return. I want to live and let live, but here we have someone acting like a flat out McCarthyist saying we got to safeguard ourselves from the red menace. Yeah the Russians have been making some aggressive moves across the world but so have we. Since the fall of the Soviet Union the United States has gotten involved in much more conflict then the Russians, but we're able to ignore our own wars because we had a slightly more legitimate casus belli. You want to be a McCarthyist like Clinton and Romney go ahead.
It's interesting that you're really missing what McCarthyism was. It's not "We've got to safeguard ourselves from the red menace" that was the entire country, both sides. You seem to be implying that McCarthy was incorrect about the threat the Russians posed, and the opposite couldn't be more true. The Russians were willing to engage in Nuclear brinksmanship and put the world on the very edge of nucclear annihilation during the Cuban Missile crisis. When people refer to McCarthyism, and the reason Sen. Joseph McCarthy is so reviled is because he started making wild accusations about fellow Americans being Russian Agents. It was all a conspiracy, the media, Hollywood, the government all "rigged" with Russian spies. Turning on your fellow Americans based on suspicion believing in a vast conspiracy? Fear mongering. Sound familiar? That's why the line, "Senator McCarthy have you no decency?" was said, it wasn't because McCarthy was overplaying the threat Russia posed, it was because he was turning Americans against each other. It was cowardly, but at least the Russians really were capable of destroying the planet. The cowardice of the right is far more damning. These terrorist are fucking cave men, they may get lucky and kill a few thousand people every 20 years or so. You're more likely to be struck by lightning than killed by a terrorist, yet because of this fear, they have gone against the very thing that makes America special, and have proposed banning all Muslims. It's unamerican, but more than that's it's so cowardly. Those who are willing to give up their liberty for security deserve neither. When I see Trump people calling Clinton a "McCarthyist" I just think they have a fundamentally flawed understanding of history. You don't understand what McCarthyism is, it certainly isn't "acting like a flat out McCarthyist saying we got to safeguard ourselves from the red menace." That was literally everyone in the country. What McCarthy did was stoke the fires of nationalism and fear of our neighbor. Glad we learned from *that* mistake. "The term is also now used more generally to describe reckless, unsubstantiated accusations, as well as demagogic attacks on the character or patriotism of political adversaries." Trump *is* McCarthy 2016.
Clinton's supporters and the her friends in the media make the accusation that Trump is a Russian plant, despite the closest thing they have to evidence is Trump not hating Russia. If that isn't McCarthyism than I don't know what is.
Good explanation. You know what sounds more like McCarthyism than thinking that Russia is an adversary? Calling the president a Kenyan muslim. I don't think any Trump supporter wants to start throwing around McCarthyism claims.
I mean, circumstantial evidence would include things like Russia's interference in Syria, their support of Iran, and their harboring of Edward Snowden (who, though I personally support, is obviously being used as a political tool by Putin). Oh, and their military buildup over the past few years. And their invasion of Ukraine. And their invasion of Georgia. So...tons of circumstantial evidence, brah.
Every country trys to expand it's sphere of influence which is what everything you listed is. There is nothing to suggest the Russians are behind any of these hacks. We only have motive, and if that was enough then nearly of America is also to blame for these hacks.
>Every country trys to expand it's sphere of influence Yes, that's why every country is classified as either an ally or a rival. Russia is the latter, and as such it is a potential threat - and as the largest and formerly one of only two geopolitical superpowers, it is the greatest such potential threat on the world stage. It seems almost self-evident that, when it comes to international affairs, Russia is our biggest single obstacle to furthering American interests (i.e. expanding *our own* sphere of influence).
clean sweep 1/2/3 trump, game over clinton legacy
keep telling yourself that bud
Yeah, [right](http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_me5m8hIVWv1rani6a.gif)
Da fuk u high m8?
/s
/s/s Just to be sure.
Lol sarcasm at its finest.
You should express this opinion in your 3rd period civics class tomorrow to see if your teacher and classmates agree. Maybe get some extra credit for watching the debate with your parents!
Is that why Trumps chances have gone from 45.2% to 12.6% since the first debate?
For anybody wanting a summary, Hannity on Fox News now is doing a good job.
>demsrefusetochanceUSA Did you watch the DNC?
lol
I listen to Hannity and find that highly improbable unless you are somewhat to the right of Ted Cruz.
I'm saving this so if Trump wins it will be hilarious.
I'm an undecided voter. Tbh both candidates are terrible. I'm against trump for attacking Latinos since I am one. But I'm also against Clinton especially for fucking over Haiti.
unless youre illegal trump didnt attack you. if you are illegal your opposition to trump is funny and meaningless
To be fair, most aid organizations fucked over Haiti. Now, that being said, Trump's own charity hasn't been found to actually be good for anything.
You know I keep hearing this including from Haitians about hundreds of millions of dollars and hospitals that weren't built, but... the Clinton Foundation only raised a little over $30 million and there never was talk about a hospital. Haiti has *billions* of dollars in damages. As far as I can tell, people confused pledge to help Haiti done at the Clinton Global Initiative with actual money raised by the Clinton Foundation. Fulfilling pledges has nothing to do with the Clinton Foundation.
Can Haiti get any worse?
Could you vote for a guy that threatens ur democracy by refusing to concede?
It really sucks about Haiti but Haiti fucks themselves over time and time again as well they were supposed to do their third Presidency election before the hurricane hit bc they messed it up so much and the us government had to dry up their money to them bc they just keep on being corrupt. I weep for Haiti but they do bring it on themselves sometimes.
> I'm an undecided voter. Tbh both candidates are terrible. I'm against trump for attacking Latinos since I am one. But I'm also against Clinton especially for fucking over Haiti. DO YOU BELIEVE THE OVERWHELMING AMOUNT OF SCIENCE THAT SAYS CLIMATE CHANGE IS REAL AND NEEDS TO BE ADDRESSED. [ ] YES [ ] NO *If yes, vote Hillary. Problem solved yo.
I'm pretty sure the only one who would actually do something significant about it is Jill Stein, and she's obviously going nowhere. ALSO, ALL CAPS
Jill wont win, only two choices: https://www.hillaryclinton.com/issues/climate/ https://www.donaldjtrump.com/issues/climate/
Pretty much this.
Bill Maher was right about you guys.
I'm not GOP I'm just a pissed off former Sanders supporter lol.
How do you feel about Trump bragging about assaulting women?
How do you feel about Clinton treating the women that Bill Clinton violated like shit?
Do you really think the two are comparable?
No, because he didn't actually do those things. Bill Clinton did, and then Hillary mocked the women and helped Bill cover up the stories. And regarding the women accusing trump, Hillary didn't even bother to deny it when he said they were planted or were doing it for attention.
>No, because he didn't actually do those things. And I've got a bridge to sell you.
Hillary is bombing too. Sad!!
She's killing it.
Seemed like bad jokes and ragging on Trump.
It's a roast - they are expected to do that. Hers were pointed but light hearted enough.
Don't let Crooked Grandma into the White House. - America
Low energy!
Meh
Well dude, we'll keep you in suspense how bout that?
[deleted]
I agree with your defense of his business decisions, but I think more of the issue is his bragging about it. He says it is something that makes him smart and that it makes him better than those who pay taxes. It is a sort of elitism that is, at the very least, off-putting. Finally, trying to blame Clinton for his lack of paying taxes is dishonest. A single senator cannot control the tax code. In fact, a senator cannot introduce bills involving raising revenue; that is a power reserved for the House.
Businessmen don't make good politicians because they lack a track record of good ethics for this very reason. The pursuit of profit knows no moral bounds. It's not so much that it's hypocritical as it is he chose to advance his own wealth instead of something else.
> When you run the country *record scratch* Do you even have the vaguest notion of how our government, society, or economy even operate?
Well, kinda. If you're in a market where you can't have a viable business without outsourcing, then yes. If you're in a business where you can still make money *without* outsourcing, you can make a conscious decision to keep your jobs local. There *are* other values than just money, and businesses can make those decisions. As for taxes, the thing is, if you create corporate entities and things (i.e. abusing loopholes) *purely* to avoid taxes, you're abusing the law. The laws are created for legitimate businesses, but can be abused when people have lots of lawyers and can achieve the same business structures but with less cost. Also, if Trump is ok on scamming on taxes, that means you can't fault anyone on public assistance for scamming the system either. If they're both getting government money, it's really no different.
Yes, it absolutely is. There is no requirement to outsource, and if you honestly believe outsourcing is bad and should be ended you should actually act according to that. Moving the goalposts doesn't work here
It is not hypocritical for a businessman to try to make the most money possible...it is what they do. It IS hypocritical, however, for him to turn around and say that he is going to change all that. He has admittedly bribed politicians, but now he is some champion of getting money out of politics? He has exploited low-wage labor in other countries, but he is suddenly the champion of American manufacturing? He has paid as little as possible in taxes, but then turns around to rail about how taxes are too high and everything is underfunded? If he didn't want to be called a hypocrite, he should have stayed out of politics.
Except there are businesses that sell the EXACT SAME PRODUCT and are made in America. I thought Trump brand was supposed to mean quality, nationalism, not a cheap buck trying to imitate a name brand.
Sure you can. In fact, she did it in the debate and I'm doing it now. Trump buying Chinese steel and concrete to build things instead of American raw materials, and then going on to rail against such trade is hypocritical. It wouldn't ruin him to use American materials. In fact, American materials in general are higher quality too.
Where do the tax returns fit into that argument?
You can use that excuse for everything he has done. Took advantage of Taxes Steel Women
Hardly hypocritical? Isn't that like the definition of hypocritical?
> When you run the country you can dictate the rules in which businesses or people play by. You do not understand how government works. Please don't vote.
> When you run the country you can dictate the rules in which businesses or people play by. Are you 14 years old?
Not really there are plenty of business people who I would feel fine voting for political office. A slimy real estate mogul now hating on the very loopholes that made him successful isn't one of them.
And yet Warren buffet still pays his fucking taxes.
Hypocritical that a wealthy man pays less taxes than the illegals he wants to deport.
[deleted]
No it is. He claims illegals are the problems yet they pay more taxes and do more for the country then him. It is hypocrisy at its finest. The asshole himself even employed them at lower wages. Don't pretend this isn't true. Trump does less for this country yet he just wants to blame everything on the illegals who do far more than him.
First?
Again, the point of the argument is that even if Roe v. Wade was deemed unconstitutional, if would not make abortion illegal for saving the life of the mother. Both candidates were focusing on Roe v. Wade and whether or not it should be or would inevitably be upheld under his or her presidency. This is why HC's argument utilized a false premise.
It would leave it up to the states and most state legislatures have shown that they give zero fucks about women's health and their ability to make decisions about their reproductive health, sooooooo
Not a false premise. She flat out said that the right to choice shouldn't be left up to the states. That's a legitimate platform difference. She's right, too, as several states would instantly ban abortion were RvW struck down.
You're still stuck on this? I truly feel sorry for you Trump supporters. You must be so scared and confused all the time. It's too bad the people you look up to take advantage of that.
I, like millions of other Americans, are "still stuck on this". Also, where did you receive the notions that I am a Trump supporter, I made no indication of that in my argument. My focus was on the issue, not who I am or am not voting for. You're ad hominem remarks do not provide any substantial or real argumentation. Do you have a response to my specific argument?
What argument? You're just wrong.
I 100% agree. The fact that I'm down voted so hard for saying the polling is much closer than what we see is pretty astonishing. It's like people think if we down vote it doesn't make it true.
Do you have any evidence to support your claim or are you just telling us your opinion?
Just a non scientific poll I've been taking of my passengers in california. All races 4 counties all blue and Trump is ahead.
You could just share those polls.
you are being downvoted because you spam the exact same point. We get it. You think the election will be close. No need to spam the thread 10 times saying the same thing.
I already said I didn't realize I was doing that. First time using this app.
Well, I just want to explain why you are being downvoted. It's not like people go out of their way to oppress you, it's just your spam is distracting and annoying.
Fair enough. I admitted I was replying wrong. While I agree with your assesment in your case I do think it's most likely that people don't like holes in their echo chambers.
>Virtually every poll has Trump losing, many by double digits. SHIT IS RIGGED. MAGA. CUCKS. ETC.
Clinton gave the most general answers. I could have debated better than that. Only one person on that stage tonight showed the confidence necessary to run this country, and that is President Donald J Trump.
I'm going to save this comment until november, then come back and laugh as the whiny little bitch gets curb stomped in the GE.
It takes more than confidence to be a great president. By General answers did you mean actual answers? When asked " What is your plan for the day after Mosul is retaken from isis?" Hilary ...actual response to the question . Trump...Repeating how much of a disaster it is..with no actual response to the question or plan.Question after question Hillary at the very least responds to the question with details and knowledge of the situation and Trump just doesn't.
Like the confidence in whether or not he'll accept the election results?
You'll have a promising career as an author of alternate history novels.
Are you fucking high? You need more than just confidence to run a country. What about all of his non-answers? Or his blatant lies? Or him not accepting the results of the Election? Give your head a shake.
lol
nah
The only thing anyone will remember is him saying he may not concede the election if he loses.
Lol.
ru joking
Ayy lmao
Oh, my sweet summer child. If you think Donald is going to have a happy ending you haven't been paying attention.
So this new DNC chair is just as corrupt as the last one. Good to know. e: If you missed her interview on Fox, you were missing out. She absolutely collapsed, down votes won't change that
Despite supporting Clinton now, I still find it quite shady how DWS got reassigned and the person who made way for DWS was Kaine before. It's too bad the Republican candidate is this bad, because it's gonna alleviate pressure on the DNC to change.
I agree totally. I'm voting for Hillary because I'll take her over Trump every single time. But the Democrats got lucky, because if the GOP candidate had been competent (think Romney), I really believe she would have lost.
That was ugly. You don't need a very good bullshit detector for that evisceration MK just performed. I actually feel bad for Donna B after that.
Absolutely. Not sure why Donna even agreed to go on Fox if she wasn't prepared to defend herself.
[deleted]
Low energy cuck right here folks
I down voted you dude. (Low-effort shitpost)
I would love to do so but he made a new account just for shitposting I have to upvote his effort. *Sigh
Why wont Hillary return the money?? I don't see it anywhere on the sub ,but Trump was 1,000% right. If she cares about women's rights and LGBT rights she should return all donations received from countries who do not. Edit: Downvote this comment if you agree with Trump! Nice to see so many agree.. Return the money Hillary!
It's a nonsensical question. Her foundation isn't giving the money to these countries, only taking it and funneling it to humanitarian projects. Why cut off funds that can be put to good use saving lives and improving quality of life for millions of people?
Trump!!!!! He dominated the issues and was also hilarious. Watch those polls tighten!!!!
You live in a wonderful, magical world.
Are you having a stroke?
Nice try. You won't get me that easily. Have this upvote.
Wanna bet?
I also find it hilarious that whenever someone criticizes Hillary on here they get downvoted to oblivion and called a child. And no one seems to be bother by the fact that she hired people to start violence at trump rallies, potentially killing people, or is committing mass voter fraud.
Right now everyone here is pro-Hillary. She's not even fact checked anymore. It's pathetic but deal with it. People are stupid.
Then fact check her. Show us this truth.
Half of the pro Hillary is anti Trump, which isn't stupid at all
Well she didn't personally hire people, right. Also, dude with the tape has no credibility for falsifying previous tapes, and getting charged. Also, this guy was fired when it became public. The voter fraud though, where is your proof. I keep hearing this point, but from what I can find, there's only been a handful of accounts per election. Not enough to swing a county, let alone a national election.
She didn't do that, people who have been fired for doing that of their own accord, did that. Regardless, we should be reviewing both candidates with intense scrutiny for what they said tonight.
Not even that. Fraudster O'Keefe released a video in which he claims that someone said that. Of course, we know how he edits videos fraudulently.
ANd the only evidence of that is a guy thats already been shown to be a fraud, who misleadingly edits his videos and has been found guilty in a court of law for his shit
Mass voter fraud how?
I find it hilarious whenever someone criticizes Donald on r/Teh_donald they get deleted and banned.
At this point the majority of the world is pro Hillary. And it's not a conspiracy against you, just democracy in action.
You guys think tonight was bad just wait until Hillary is judged by all of us without Trump as a comparison. I think this time next year we'll all be disgusted we have such a corrupt president.
cool
That's why I think Hillary will probably be a one-term president. Not because I personally think she's that bad, but because she is unlikely to have such a terrible, terrible opponent in 2020. (Unless Trump runs again, which I think is actually quite possible given his support in the Republican base).
Wrong.
Probably... but abortion will be protected, the Clean Power plan will go through, she'll probably be a lot less corrupt than you expect... I have to feel like she's going to overcompensate by being squeaky clean.
pretty pathetic GOP couldn't offer up a sane alternative.
I would say a majority of her supporters are underinformed, voting for her because she is a women or voting for her because they hate trump. I've yet to meet a real HRC FAN.
To be quite honest, I'm not a fan of any politician. Ever.
Oh hey, a bullshit line from the primaries. How'd that work for Bernie supporters?
They got cheated out of a fair primary by the DNC so I'd say it was less about informed voters and more about a failure of democracy
No they didn't. Please stop spreading lies. SOME people at the DNC talked about strategy against Bernie. No actions were taken, no big conspiracy. Nothing has been shown to have actually taken place. Bernie got his ass kicked by a more popular democratic candidate. That's what happened in the primaries.
I think, "got his ass kicked", doesn't do justice to the amazing campaign that Sanders ran. For someone who had virtually 0 name recognition prior to his run while going against someone with virtually 100% name recognition, he did shockingly well.
His campaign was over on Super Tuesday. He got trounced. The fact that he didn't concede until the DNC doesn't change this.
I'm a republican voting for her because I believe she's the best candidate and her plans for the country seem to be closer aligned to what I want.
I understand that. If I'm hearing you correctly though you are voting lessor of two evils. Had Romney been running you'd likely vote for him right
I can't say whether or not I'd vote for Romney; my guy coming into this cycle was Kasich, but the GOP (and the rest of the country) wasn't keen on him. I'd much prefer a moderate-to-slight conservative lean in a presidential candidate and Donald Trump pretends to be conservative when he is not. I do think that Romney would put up a better fight in this election and I am curious to see if he puts his name in the hat for 2020; after this election ends the candidates from the GOP that I have in mind are Cruz, Rubio, Pence, and Kasich. (As a side note, the whole Mormon thing will forever be a disadvantage for Romney and future candidates unless the church undergoes serious reform and changes public perception.)
For 2020, the republican nominee will most definitely be nominated by the TrumpTV consortium of Trump/Bannon/Ailes/AlexJones and he will be ultra-high conspiracy theorist.. The best moderate-conservative has always been Clinton-Bush-Obama and now Clinton again. If you take the binder off and evaluate their policies and stances, you would have switched long ago
>If you take the binder off and evaluate their policies and stances, you would have switched long ago I'm not trying to start an argument, I just literally do not understand what you mean; I apologize, I'm quite tired.
They probably meant "blinders" instead of binder.
blinders full of women
But what does s/he mean by "you would have switched long ago"?
Well the fact that a person's church is important is actually very sad. Idgaf what or who you believe in keep your God or your religion out of politics. Not you but in general.
Do you leave your house? Do you live alone?
> I've yet to meet a real HRC FAN. Nice to meet you.
Why are you a supporter? Does her past not bother you? Do you think her globalist agenda and warhawk tendencies are ok?
What exactly about her past should I be bothered by? What exactly do you mean by "globalist agenda" and "warhawk tendencies"?
Aaaaaaaand there's the Alt-right buzzwords.
since when is being anti war a right wing stance?
Someone doesn't understand the difference between moderate GOP and the Alt-right movement, yet regurgitates their buzzwords. How charming.
i'm pretty left leaning myself, i'd much rather have clinton than trump as president, but clinton has a record of voting for military intervention and it absolutely does bother me. unfortunately both of the 2 major party candidates are interventionist and authoritarian so there isn't even a choice there.
Hey, former Bernie supporter, current HRC supporter. How are you?
Are you an HRC Supporter because you are anti Trump or are you ok looking the other way or her life as a warhawk, globalist, career corruption and overall lack of human desency
All of the below. http://www.ontheissues.org/Hillary_Clinton.htm
Her positions change based on corporate agendas or polling numbers. For tpp. Against tpp. Against gay marriage. For gay marriage. The list goes on and on.
When she was against gay marriage so was much more of America than today. The country's views have changed on gay marriage, and hers have followed with it over pretty much the same timescale. It's not "flip-flopping" when you change your mind on something after 30 years as the whole country starts to accept it. It's possible that Bernie changed her mind on TPP, though you're really oversimplifying things there. Anyway, until it actually gets settled it's hard to say whether her position has really changed or not. That said, economists are a bit torn on it as well, and at a certain point I hope she takes economic advisory over personal opinion on the matter. If the list goes on and on, what are the next items on the list?
No not really. Being for human rights doesn't change because opinion changes. Either you understand people are human and respect that or you dont. Changing your opinion because it is envogue doesn't make you a good person.
Well, the data shows that even among the older generations, support for gay marriage has [increased over time](http://www.pewforum.org/2016/05/12/changing-attitudes-on-gay-marriage/) so this isn't a rock-solid thing - there was significant societal programming that needed to be overridden to reach the point we're at now where the majority of Americans support it, and not all of that was just because old people died and young people replaced them. If she changed her mind in the direction we view as right, does it really matter whether it may have been influenced by that being a popular thing to do at the time? I've had older relatives shift their beliefs over time, and the reason they were against gay marriage wasn't necessarily that they were bad people or that they were against human rights per se, but that they had an upbringing that indoctrinated them into an older-fashioned set of beliefs that was incongruent with support of homosexuality. I don't care if maybe they changed their minds because their friends were doing it, or a lot of people were doing it, at the end of the day what matters is that minds were changed and rights were extended to more people - a positive result.
>For tpp. Against tpp. For negotiating the TPP, against the final treaty. I dont see a problem. If it was abad treaty I would expect her not to approve it. >Against gay marriage. For gay marriage. So was obama, feelings change over the years. As a proud gay, I support her over Dumpster Fire.
Her feelings didn't change public support did. If it was the 80s again and aids were a major focal point she would once again be against gays. She doesnt give a fuck about gays. She goes were the polls point her.
Im pretty sure she cares about my rights 1000x more than Trump.
1000x 0 is still 0. Neither give a fuck until is publicly acceptable too.
Sup. I'm a legit fan. Howaya.
Are you a women? Are you a real supporter or more of a I hate Donald voter.
protip: when you're just talking about one person, the word is "woman" and nah, her environmental policy's great, her minimum wage policy's great, her tax plan is divine, she wants to strengthen Dodd-Frank, she hates CU, she has foreign policy experience, which is a mixed bag but she's proven she can do diplomacy, and I wish she'd legalize the ganj but she won't, but rescheduling to Schedule II is the best we've ever gotten from a first part candidate now, all that, SCOTUS picks, AND she's not Donald Trump? Sign me the fuck up
Yes I am a woman. I hope, but wouldn't assume, that this does not disqualify me somehow. I'm a real supporter. I've read and understand all her policy positions. Also did a ton of research about all her "scandals" and found them to be mostly bs. Originally supported Bernie but now couldn't be more stoked for madam president. I also think Donald is a trash fire (because I have eyes) but wouldn't pick any of the candidates over Clinton even if Bernie was still an option.
Well that is fine I respect that. For me I can't get past her globalist agenda and warhawk nature. But if you feel you are informed and comfortable I support your right to vote for who ever u want.
Explain what about her "globalist agenda" bothers you please? What does that phrase mean to you? Also why do you think she'll be practically any more hawkish than Obama? EDIT: Aaaaand it's deleted. Always so anticlimactic. I like when right wingers try to pose as far left and realize they can't pull it off so they run.
No, I'm voting for her because she is intelligent, qualified, and *most closely* aligns with my beliefs.
Yeah a lot of her message resonates with me, and it feels more genuine thanks to wikileaks' sneak peek into the behind the scenes. I wouldn't call myself a fan but she actually has a plan and can articulate how she will execute it. Nothing other people get upset toward hillary about really resonates with me, at least not the way it's been presented.
So you are totally OK with a government run on propaganda? If wikileaks showed us nothing else it's full on media collusion with zero accountability for Hillary Clinton. I find it hard to believe anyone can see those facts and be totally OK with it.
Not really but nearly everything seems to be propaganda now. Have to trim a lot of statements and "facts" from most news articles (and worse on TV) to see simply what happened without the extra opinion. Things I saw related to interaction with media was mostly things like whether something they'd discussed was on or off the record. Not every bit of news reaches me, though. I also don't approve of people's privacy being invaded that way with the info dumps. Only so many hours in the day and I focused on the issues and their stances on them. We have two realistic choices. Ultimately they are both surrounded by scandals, so I focused on the issues a long time ago.
I'm not really concerned about scandals, frankly media collusion isn't so much a negative Hillary scandal as much as a huge wtf to our media. Like, why would they even bother? There is literally no logical reason to do it, they have full protection from being forced to do it and it just defies reason. That said, I want a candidate who doesn't collude with the media, a candidate who will be held accountable, and a nation where you get facts and investigation not lies and deceit.
Only thing it shows me is that Trump running around being a complete douche bag whenever given the chance has pissed off more people than just myself. And you know what, he's been a far bigger douche to the media than he has been to me. Only thing it says to me is that if you want people to talk well of you, then you shouldn't treat them like shit and call them fat, ugly, disgusting, liar shills every. fucking. time. you get the chance.
What a wonderfully irrelevant message of "do others as they would do unto you". Wikileaks proves collusion has been happening for months before trump even decided to run for office. Proof also exists that Trump was targeted very early on, before he ever said anything nasty about the media. Secondly, it's hilariously wrong to think he is calling the media, or frankly anyone "fat, ugly, or disgusting". Liars, shills, sure he's done that, and wikileaks has proven he was right all along. You do realize Trump had a largely positive reputation until he had the audacity to run for president against the media favorite: hillary clinton.
Wikileaks...wikileaks... WIKILIEAKS!11!!11!1one!! Which one's show he was targeted? Which one's show media collusion months before Trump was running for office? Before he said anything nasty about them? He was calling them dirty cheats years ago cause that piece of shit show of his didn't win shiny statues. A largely positive reputation? Are you fucking kidding me? Is that why the entirety of Washington and the media sat around loving every second of Obama ripping him a new asshole and he just sat there seething? Trump has been a loud mouth bigoted piece of shit forever, and he has spent the last 8 years shitting on everyone he could. Seriously, go look at his statements from election night 2012. Hell, look at the birther thing. Keep thinking everyone absolutely loved him, but truth is dude is a piece of shit that has been pissing people off for a very long time.
I love how irate your response is here. Not to worry, facts don't care about your feelings. >Wikileaks...wikileaks... WIKILIEAKS!11!!11!1one!! Yes Wikileaks, they've never been wrong in 10 years on data they've released, nor has Hillary clinton or anyone else denied a single thing found in those leaks. In fact, Hillary has been pivoting the entire time, rather than taking ownership of her team's failings, has literally been trying to blame russia for it. It's like she got caught with her hand in the cookie jar but is yelling at uncle sasha for telling mommy and daddy about it. Who cares? she did wrong, it's out there, we should use these proven facts to see what kind of president she could be, then decide if it's worth having her or not. >Which one's show he was targeted? In the interest of space(10k character limit, I'll restrict myself to one source per claim but there are definitely more than one source per claim). [Here we are two days after Trump announced his run for presidency they're already colluding with the media to put out hit pieces on trump](https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/15338). >Which one's show media collusion months before Trump was running for office? [Tell me, why would all these people in main stream media be meeting with John Podesta in April 2015](https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/12063)? You may think it was something totally normal, but do you really want to challenge me on that and be proven wrong? again? >Before he said anything nasty about them? Again, point to where you saw him attacking the media calling them liars(true) and shills(also true). I'll wait. >He was calling them dirty cheats years ago cause that piece of shit show of his didn't win shiny statues. Ohh, um, look I hate to break it to you, but the media aren't the ones who select who wins the Emmy. Also, the fact you didn't catch that Trump was joking about the Emmy comment last night proves you have no sense of humor. That's really not relevant to the conversation, but I felt it worth pointing out. >A largely positive reputation? Yes >Are you fucking kidding me? No. >Is that why the entirety of Washington and the media sat around loving every second of Obama ripping him a new asshole and he just sat there seething? Again, as I stated above, he had a positive reputation **before** running. I'm not really sure what your question is trying to prove, but unless you have some source of Obama ridiculing trump **before** he ran for office, I don't really think you have a point here that's relevant to the conversation. >Trump has been a loud mouth bigoted piece of shit forever [citation needed]. It seems to have [been the exact opposite](https://i.redd.it/uczava6keqrx.jpg). I mean, until he decided to run against Hillary Clinton of course. > and he has spent the last 8 years shitting on everyone he could. So, he shouldn't have attacked Rosie O'Donnel, who first attacked him because he wouldn't fire Miss america after she was caught doing drugs, and instead got her into rehab? Or he shouldn't have teased mark cuban about his golf game? Frankly, if you think things like that are relevant, vs say, large scale propaganda from main stream media, or say, Hillary Clinton threatening war with Russia. Well Winston Churchill said it best: "The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.". >Seriously, go look at his statements from election night 2012. [You mean this?](http://mashable.com/2012/11/06/trump-reacts-to-election/#h2KMiz8EGiqd). Funny how he's saying the same thing now, he's quite consistent. I commend him for it. If only Obama [was as consistent in his views on Election fraud](http://www.breitbart.com/video/2016/10/18/watch-obama-2008-boasts-ohioans-helps-dems-charge-voting-machines/). [Also a fun watch](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRFwb8mlMIU). >Hell, look at the birther thing. You mean the one Hillary's campaign chairman admitted to starting? And again, what's more important, obama's birth place, or propaganda supported by and put out on a national scale by our main stream media? >Keep thinking everyone absolutely loved him I will, thanks for your permission. >but truth is dude is a piece of shit that has been pissing people off for a very long time. The fact the Apprentice was such a popular show for so many years disagrees with you. By comparison, it'd be like someone trying to suggest everyone hates Gordon Ramsey.
We'll just agree to disagree. I look at those emails and the only mention of Trump is then saying stay positive. Live she is now. Funny how every time he's says something deplorable and people call him on it's suddenly a joke or sarcasm. You commend him on crying like a baby every time something doesn't go the way he wants? I never said these issues matter, you're the one crying cause the media doesn't like him. I could go on and, but I'm on mobile and at work. Kid yourself. Tell yourself he was some beloved saint before all this, that he didn't insult and deride people all the time and they all loved him before this. That he didn't whine every time he didn't get his way. That he didn't go on the air talking about how he tells people how hot their little kids are. Etc etc etc. By the way, the Apprentice sucked, go back and look at its ratings. 11th by season 2, despite being in the top prime spot. 86th by the end. Sure, people watched it, right before switching over to hunny boo boo.
> We'll just agree to disagree. I look at those emails and the only mention of Trump is then saying stay positive. If we're talking opinions that's totally fine, but you're talking facts here. Again, [the email same email](https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/15338#efmAtxAzhBuxBwBBz9B0pB3IB5cB9kB-OCauCb4CfyCf7), i'll paste an excerpt for you from 2 days after Trump announced his presidency. >I know we don't want to attack on trump. But we can say. Something. Along the lines of --- Let's be loving in every way we can. I know it is hurtful to ...... And I hope all other candidates will stand with me to say we need to be loving and think about how this affects young Latino kids and truly all of our kids. Not acknowledging the hurtful comments worry me. Given my claim was that the Hillary Campaign targeted trump early on, this is provably true, it's not debatable, the facts are clear as day. >Funny how every time he's says something deplorable and people call him on it's suddenly a joke or sarcasm. [Please explain how a joke that even made the moderator and audience laugh wasn't a joke](https://youtu.be/ANT_ZBhpvtw?t=1h8m25s)? What's deplorable about a joke surrounding not winning an emmy? Funny you use the term deplorable. You do realize Hillary Clinton called trump supporters that right? See, she first said half, but then later corrected herself, not to apologize, but just to say "she didn't mean half". So what, all trump supporters are deplorable? >You commend him on crying like a baby every time something doesn't go the way he wants? Mental gymnastics much? I commend him for speaking his mind. Please explain why it's such a bad thing he stood up for himself? Would you rather our country be run by a spineless puppet? >I never said these issues matter, you're the one crying cause the media doesn't like him. I'd like to remind you that only one of us has had irate responses today. You're applying feelings to facts, I have nothing but facts. You say I'm crying, I'm not. I don't give two farts personally that the media doesn't like him, they don't have to like him, but they **have to do their job**. My point is that the media **is lying** to the american people on a regular basis. There's literally thousands of stories to prove this. It's absolutely undeniable how many lies come out of every single media outlet, in print, on tv, and online. It's the media's job in this country to keep our government accountable, it's why the founding fathers built in protection for them FROM the government into the constitution. Frankly, it's pathetic that average americans have had to do the media's job for them on countless occasions, because they're to busy colluding with the clinton campaign to push lies and propaganda. > I could go on and, but I'm on mobile and at work. Kid yourself. Please, continue sharing those feels man. As much as you want to feel a certain way, facts don't care. > Tell yourself he was some beloved saint before all this, that he didn't insult and deride people all the time and they all loved him before this. It's common sense and fact, if you disagree by all means put up some fact to prove otherwise. >That he didn't whine every time he didn't get his way. You say whine(feels) I say he fought for things(fact). >That he didn't go on the air talking about how he tells people how hot their little kids are. [citation needed] >By the way, the Apprentice sucked, go back and look at its ratings. So NBC decided to keep a [show running for 14 years](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Apprentice_\(U.S._TV_series\)), with a [simultaneous spinoff 7 years on that ran for 7 years as well](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Celebrity_Apprentice) of a show with bad ratings? Let's not forget they're trying to [repeat the success of the show again this year with Arnold Schwarzenegger](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_New_Celebrity_Apprentice). Just because you feel something doesn't make it true. >11th by season 2, despite being in the top prime spot. 86th by the end. Sure, people watched it, right before switching over to hunny boo boo. Wow actual facts! You got a source for these facts?
What leak showed full on collusion?
>What leak showed full on collusion? In the interest of keeping under a 10k character limit, how about I give you few more recent examples. There's literally hundreds of examples. * https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/13817 * https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/10728 * https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/12681#efmAByAEV * https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/12427 * https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/10530#efmATAAby <--this one is far worse than just collusion, as they're literally sharing information with Hillary about an investigation of her. It goes far beyond this too, there's several leaks that show she got debate questions early during the primaries, as you watched the debate last night you may remember that standard line: "neither candidate has seen these questions before now".
Right. I think they are making mountains out of molehills. I don't think she's going to fix the country, but I think she will do an adequate job, and I think her SCOTUS picks and foreign policy will be both very beneficial in the long run for this country. Trump, on the other hand, would be a fucking disaster.
If she inspires you great. That mean you are likely a white women and are most inspired by the fact she is a women.
man you seriously need to learn how to apply to threads, or maybe you are just spamming
Nah dude you gotta be more subtle than that.
Lol. Be honest. You ever meet a real HRC supporter. That wasn't a women?
My wife is a women. She and her woman friends probably love HRC, because she's a women. Woman rule!
I assumed ur wife was a women. You're right vaginas does rule
Why did you feel compel to write that stupid comment?
What an idiotic statement.
You're an excellent bot. Who built you?
As a white man she is pretty inspiring. I like her at least.
The unicorn.... that is assuming you are straight.
yes, I am straight.
Dude that was a masterclass debate performance. She bent Trump over her knee for 90 minutes and spanked him til his ass was red and he cried for an Emmy. She will be a badass mofo president.
I agree she won. Winning all three debates doesn't make her any less of a criminal.
No, just president.
Hillary is dumb as a brick. When she is not fed the stuff shes supposed to say, she usually says stupid shit. Tonight she committed a treason by revealing a state secret about the US nuclear arsenal. What a dumb bitch.
you think thats a secret? oh dear. Also, she is one of the most intelligent, educated, experienced people in government, or in fact anywhere.
>you think thats a secret? Yes, it is. >oh dear. Stop being condescending, my liberal friend. >Also, she is one of the most intelligent, educated, experienced people in government, or in fact anywhere. Nice joke.
its not a joke, around 5mins is common knowledge, its been debated in the public sphere for decades, how fucking naive are you?
there's a song called four minutes on it. It's been portrayed in movies and TV shows.
Man, it ain't a secret. Its been public knowledge since reagan years, maybe even earlier.
> committed a treason "Went to work at the job factory today. I did a business."
Be nice, articles are the hardest part of English for native Slavic speakers. Source: am native Slavic speaker
Hahahaha. "Dumb" You probably think Donald Trump is smarter than Hillary Clinton. Hahahahahahahahahahaha.
It is not a national secret that US's nuclear respond time is 4 minutes. It has been talked about since the 80'
Not a single official has ever confirmed that information. Up until now.
She's not an official she's a public citizen currently.
She was a secretary of state.
Yes she WAS.
Umm it's not a state secret. It's been open knowledge since the 80s.
Ummmmmmmm an official has never confirmed such information up until now. So yes, it is a state secret, and the dumb Hillary revealed it on national TV.
Honestly, we have like the most rediculously bad ass military earth has ever and will ever know. What do you think can happen in 4 minutes that would allow Russia or North Korea or Iran to gain an upper hand on our military supremacy? We have ICBM's and anti-ICBM's all over the world. As we do with fighter jets and submarines and tanks etc... Furthermore we also have the world's most powerful militaries as our allies. Hillary didn't officially confirm anything, but even if she did, literally all other militaries on earth would have to do a coordinated attack on the US at the same time within the scope of those 4 minutes for us to be defeated. Also if that scenario happened the whole earth and all humanity would be destroyed due to Nuclear fall-out. Your argument is a moot point. Especially so because above posters have established that this has been common knowledge for decades.
Doh! What are we thinking? What ever happened to the element of surprise? I heard just tonight on the microwave that we can launch a nuke in 4 minutes. Now ISIS will see that coming! /s
You keep saying that like it's true, but it's not.
I'm Australian and the high school physics teacher once put up a doco on nuclear physics. One of the parts showed the whole process of how the US launches their nukes. Additionally, a youtuber called veritasium actually went to a launch facility and went through the process and response times. It's definitely not as secretive as you think, in fact the public knows much more than just the response time, we know the response procedure itself.
Jeez both sides try hard to make everything a controversy now. It's funny some of the supporters out there are so anti-PC, everything is a controversy and that's the problem with the PC thing. It even pisses me off and I lean liberal. The 4 minutes thing doesn't even strike me as something they'd want to keep secret, that we can have missiles in the air in 4 minutes speaks for itself as to our power to retaliate. Not only that they do take a while to get there so it's just a tiny bit of the process to a nuclear strike. Hopefully we never have to do that anyway.
And that's the upper limit to it. The procedure to launch a nuke is public knowledge: POTUS puts the biscuit in the football, picks the targets, calls the SecDef for approval (he has no veto, it's just a formality, objecting is resigning), and the Pentagon sends the order. 4 minutes is only if they have to wait for people to answer the phone. Edit: biscuit and football are the actual names for the POTUS's ID card and the briefcase.
Shhhh the Donald is going crazy over it. It is there big item of the night.
> What a dumb bitch I'm going to assume you're well reasoned, intelligent, and calm. I look forward to an lively discussion.
Yes, quote 10% of my entire post, then act like a smuggy smug. Why are liberals so selective when picking an argument?
Why do you include a statement in your post that will invalidate the rest of it? You could have easily left that out
> smuggy smug I'm going to assume you're well reasoned, intelligent, and calm. I look forward to an lively discussion.
And I am still waiting for a well reasoned argument. Guess you have none.
> Tonight she committed a treason by revealing a state secret about the US nuclear arsenal. >a treason lol ok law professor
Public knowledge isn't a national secret. 4 minutes is likely the limit, and it almost sounds slow considering the situations it would be warranted. We actually know almost every step between the decision to launch and the missile being fired.
As a republican: your argument loses credibility when you resort to name-calling a candidate. Regardless of what you think of her abilities as a politician, referring to her as a "dumb bitch" just makes you seem uneducated and hotheaded; neither of which are desirable to people looking for a debate. Also, I don't think you make it that far in life and politics by being a "dumb bitch".
We should make our own party
As a progressive: It's worse. For many people using that term is on par with using the n-word. It may not have the same historical weight, it's still outright discriminatory.
> Tonight she committed a treason by revealing a state secret about the US nuclear arsenal. It's not a secret. You can find stuff going back decades not just giving the response time, but laying out in detail how the USA goes about launching a nuclear attack. Having it be known that the USA can very rapidly retaliate against any nuclear attack is, if anything, part of our deterrence strategy.
I am still waiting for an official source on your statement.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0057012/
Ok?
https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/graphics/2016-nuclear-weapon-launch/
You're totally right, 60 minutes and members of the airforce were put in federal prison after [putting out this segment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJXtEYV16QQ&feature=youtu.be)
>committed a treason You Trumpites are such Drama Queens, you should get it over with and just come out of the closet. This is known information. [Bloomberg even did a piece on it just recently.]( https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/graphics/2016-nuclear-weapon-launch/) >About five minutes may elapse from the president’s decision until intercontinental ballistic missiles blast out of their silos, and about fifteen minutes until submarine missiles shoot out of their tubes. Once fired, the missiles and their warheads cannot be called back.
She's a nasty woman. Fact.
which one of the ones he assaulted are you referring to?
wrong. -sniff-
Nah.
[deleted]
What channel is he on?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ag1QeHlIOOA
[======] [=======] [====-----] [===----0-] [===---------] [===-------=] [-----------] [---------] [_______] [___ [==]_] [___ [==]__] [___ [==]___] [___ [==]____] [_____[==========]E destroy destroy [____________] [_____________] [_____________] ..[____________] ...[___________] .............. .....[________]................___ /_| .....[_______]------------- _| .....[______]................... .....[_____] .....[~~~] .....[~~~] .....[=====]
I think what you see in Nevada with those college kids is what you are gonna get across the country. White kids who aren't racist are sick of being labeled in this PC bulls hit world.
Those are Brownshirts.
I don't think those are students
Those sounded suspiciously like older people...
"Hey fellow kids. How about all these' racist' blacks? All lives totally matter, dude!"
Hillary just started spewing bullshit towards the last 25 minutes; Trump kicked ass the first 25. Everything else in between was just entertaining
wow, how are things going on in the Trumpverse?
eh I'm js. I'm not pro-Trump, I'm just anti-new world order (Hillary)
Let me guess, she's also in league with the Lizard men, right?
I think I went to highschool with you
Wow, you are deluded. That was a brutal beating Clinton laid on Trump.
oh this country is so fucked lmao
good debate by trump!
No... A good debate by Trump standards. Not a good debate by Trump.
He did his best.
he did, trump grilled Hillary on some points too.
Hahahaha!
[deleted]
Your username reflects Trumps life.
[deleted]
Says the guy saying Trump won. You need to reevaluate yourself before talking about someone else's IQ. Because I can guarantee you if you think Trump won, something is clearly wrong with you.
[deleted]
I love how you guys are simpering in the day after when you think no one will pay attention to your bullshit. Get out of your echo chamber.
Shame to see how many shills for hllary are in here. I am a bernie supporter! But after seeng how evil that woman is theres no waybi can consciously vote for her. Where was her response on rigging the trunp rally i mean what the fuck? Bring the nukes russia
http://www.cnn.com/2016/10/18/politics/project-veritas-action-robert-creamer-donald-trump-rallies/ I was curious about that too because she didn't respond at all. Maybe she realizes we'll be curious enough to look it up on our own.
wat
Bernie supports Hillary.
[bernie wants us to vote for clinton](http://www.cnn.com/2016/07/11/politics/hillary-clinton-bernie-sanders/)
We've been over this, rigging the election across the country is practically impossible.
are you drunk?
Your post history doesn't look like the post history of a Bernie supporter
U drunk Bro?
Calling her evil is when you showed your cards.
Uh, do you see Trump? And you voted for Bernie?
Yeah you sound a lot like a Bernie supporter to me...... /s
[deleted]
who?
Trump
thats what you get when you grab women by the pussy
Sorry if this sounds sexist, but Clinton seemed submissive when Trump was shitting on America.
Here's the thing, why attack him? She said a few trigger words that she knew would send him off, and they did. He looked nuts and disgusting while she remained calm and poised.
She probably thought letting him talk would make her job easier.
She can't win there. If she calls it out, she's a bitch.
I think you mean to say Clinton let Trump show his ass again while he was shitting on America. What a nasty, nasty "image" he projects.
She just lets him talk himself deeper and deeper
When your opponent is destroying their own campaign, you let them.
I can't find it but there was a quote: "if your political opponent is playing Russian Roulette, then why take the revolver out of their hand?"
If polls are so great in her favor why is she getting trounced in a high minority demographically area in a blue state. Yes sample size is small but even with such a small sample size I should still see she is ahead right?
These people don't understanding polling data. Trump is definitely going to win. 49, maybe 50 states. Maybe more than that if the weather is good. I'm calling 98-2 of the popular vote. Maybe 97 because sometimes people forget their glasses.
You forgot that he'll take 95% of the black vote as well
Yes of course. 95% of the black vote that's left of course. Many will be immediately shot after stepping out of their houses, Donald tells me.
Do you know what's sad? I actually had to look up your comment history to tell whether you were being serious or not. This election...
Only 19 more days, brother. Stay strong.
Can't wait for Hillary to bring about the Cold War 2.0. Her desire to reinstate McCarthyism is unsettling.
babby's first elecshun?
> Her desire to reinstate McCarthyism is unsettling. Do you even know what that is?
Do you? It's not limited to communist accusations.
Can you point out the "accusations of subversion or treason without proper regard for evidence" she's been doing? So far I've only seen Trumpy do that with his "rigged" talk.
During the debate, Clinton said Putin would "rather have a puppet as president of the United States." How's that?
Are you being serious right now?
So how is she gonna bring about Cold War 2? I'm sure you have some wild fantasy thought-up in your head, mind sharing them with us?
Shooting down a Russian plane in Syrian airspace would be a good start.
You do realize that Russia isn't a communist state right? You also realize that McCarthyism is about the demonizing of communist right? Not even in the same ball park.
You do realize that the Communist Party holds over half the power of the Russian government, right?
You do realize the communist party of Russia is about the equivalent of the republican party today compared to what it represented with Lincoln? It isn't Communist.
Do you know what McCarthyism is?
Yes. It's not restricted to communist accusations. >a mid-20th century political attitude characterized chiefly by opposition to elements held to be subversive and by the use of tactics involving personal attacks on individuals by means of widely publicized indiscriminate allegations especially on the basis of unsubstantiated charges; >broadly: defamation of character or reputation through such tactics http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/McCarthyism >1. the practice of making accusations of disloyalty, especially of pro-Communist activity, in many instances unsupported by proof or based on slight, doubtful, or irrelevant evidence. >2. the practice of making unfair allegations or using unfair investigative techniques, especially in order to restrict dissent or political criticism. http://www.dictionary.com/browse/mccarthyism >McCarthyism is the practice of making accusations of subversion or treason without proper regard for evidence. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/McCarthyism
Yeah, without regard for evidence. We all know and hear his disloyalty to this country.
I thought it was an extremely weak showing by Clinton, and Trump beat her by a mile.
Hey! I think this may be an unpopular opinion to pose here - but it's very cool to me that you posted it! I honestly disagree with you, but just as honestly I want to know what makes you say Trump won - I'm a very curious person. Thanks!
lol
was your tv on?
My opinion is that Hillary blew that debate. My opinion is that I feel bad for her supporters but the race is still decently close I guess, although she will have to do a lot to win. My opinion is that there were a lot of lies in tonight's debate by her though. Too bad Trump didn't call her out more. Since this is my opinion, you all can't down vote me into oblivion.
What do you mean by she'll have to do a lot to win? The election? Trump might lose Texas even...
> still decently close I guess We're in double digits territory.
This comment is hilarious!
shouldn't? yes can't? wronnnnng
From the 30 min or so of the debate I could tolerate to watch I'm inclined to agree with you. There was just too much ammunition stacking up against Hillary from all the leaks and videos.
Unfortunately people still will. I disagree with you completely and say Hillary decimated Trump, but I'm not going to downvote because of it.
Your opinions are dumb. This is a fact.
She's up in Ari-fuckin-zona, it ain't close
You are certainly entitled to your opinion.
I just didn't see it. She sidestepped a lot, sure, but his answers were awful and he was just biting her bait.
I mean, people can. But they probably won't bother to.
lol
This is delusional. Normal people can see that trump is an unfit bumbling fool with no capacity to run this country.
most of that is opinion, but you said the polls are close. They're really not.
[removed]
Hi `Matty15243`. Thank you for participating in /r/Politics. However, [your comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/58eh18/2016_presidential_race_third_presidential/d8zwozc) has been removed for the following reason(s): * Your comment does not meet our [comment civility rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil). Please be civil. This is a warning. If you have any questions about this removal, please feel free to [message the moderators.](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/politics&subject=Question regarding the removal of this comment by /u/Matty15243&message=I have a question regarding the removal of this [comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/58eh18/2016_presidential_race_third_presidential/d8zwozc?context=10000\))
Yes, Trump is a Russian puppet.
[Wikipedia is classified information?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Four-minute_warning) Hilarious.
no. common knowledge. we know the flight times of missiles, so we can extrapolate it has to be less than that amount of time, since we have to launch before their nukes hit our launch sites. For example we know putin's timetable on launching a retaliatory strike is about 2-4 minutes.
zzzz
[removed]
lol
Quite the comment history there. You seem objective.
I don't claim objectivity. Why would I come to r/politics for that? I came here to state my opinion on what I believed was the outcome of the debate. If you have a problem with that I don't really care.
You should know that you're just embarrassing your side.
Thank you for your concern.
I guess you zoned out during the other 85 minutes of the debate.
His statements on the economy that went completely contradictory to the vast majority of economists? He didn't even address the question..
Please.
Trump wins again. Hillary will bail out her wall street buddies. As long as she makes money she won't care about the country. Democracy is such a fragile thing and the Democrats will destroy it to become a single party system.
You must be confused. Trump was the man who failed at debating. Hilary was the woman who destroyed him. Good try though! I'm sure you'll get it eventually!
> Trump wins again. Lol. AFAIK in the polls it's 2-0 for Clinton, I'm sure it'll be 3-0 shortly. ETA: And there it is... 3-0 Clinton.
He says unironically while his candidate is disrupting the peaceful transition of power.
Where does Hillary fall on the Enneagram? What is her main motivation? Is it justice, beauty, power, or logic? I do not understand her impetus.
Bahahahahaha
I found two conflicting views on this http://famousenneagramtypes.com/hillary-clinton-enneagram https://www.enneagraminstitute.com/type-1/
Ooh, good answer. I should have searched it.
I'm here :')
I think Trump won. The only thing that really bothered me was Christopher Wallace's repeated use of the phrase "drill down." Other than that I thought it was a good debate and I wish this had been the first not the last.
[deleted]
eh, the problem with ideals is they can make you cynical and dumb. obama described bernie as being too narrowly focused and i think that's the same issue a lot of progressives have. they know what the good fight is and yet don't give any consideration to the potential economic effects of implementing something like single-payer or even show any interest in foreign policy other than being anti-war. i especially disagree with your last statement. i would argue that it is the nature of our military spending that has created peace. we're living in arguably the most peaceful period in human history. sure, there are needless deaths and tragedies and wars, yet to get involved more than we have to could create an issue with stability or make other complications arise else where.
"We all know it ain't true" "She will just change one or two things..." Saudi Arabians have helped spread extremist views, as have some Americans, Australians, French, Germans etc. Saudi Arabia isn't the enemy. We are bombing weddings in Yemen. Parts of US policy help the world, and parts of US policy harm it, but that has nothing to do with Clinton. I have found nothing that connects the Clinton foundation with arms deals to Africa besides Algeria, which doesn't have the child soldier problems that some nations have. You're not getting downvoted because you don't like Clinton, you're getting downvoted because you're saying what you think she would do with some certainty, and that really doesn't make all that much sense.
So uh yeah
So uh, give me more than one minute to respond, I'm going to actually check the sources, not just say "Ok, there are articles!"
[sigh I don't know which sources you prefer](https://www.google.com/#q=Hillary+clinton+child+soldiers)
> ll she is going to do is be more to the right of Obama instead of fixing things her history and platform are left or align with Obama >We can afford universal health care if we could ACTUALLY CUT the military budget something ... something ... who sets the budget > Also you expect me to believe her when she says that she will keep wall street in check? something something ... who creates legislation >She will just change one or two things on TPP have you even read the TPP? There are some good provisions and a lot of bad (and I say that as a past corporate attorney, a patent attorney, and a past software engineer) The idea is to put forth a controlling position in emerging markets. AS an american, I support the idea that we set the markets. >Her stance on fracking and other horrendous things that is happening to this planet is terrible. Economics is always a concern in that type of decision >Hillary wouldn't care about what the oil industries are doing as long as she keeps getting paid by them just a few sentences, you implied it was wall street, Now its the oil companies. >Saudi Arabia has helped spread extremist views around the middle east yet they are still our allies The world is an ugly place. A country survives by carefully selecting allies based upon common goals or gains. Pretty basic poly sci >who knowingly helps the enemy There's far worse out there >keep it peaceful, we make it worse. America has made the world far more peaceful. Sorry it isn't the utopia you desire. Look, this isn't the land of make believe. The world is a harsh place, flower power doesn't stop a nukes or bio weapons,
I will write a better written response to you on Friday. However, I don't know if I can take that excuse when it comes to how to deal with the Oil Industries. If she really wanted to she can push for clean energy and make a real difference. This planet is going down a dark path and us doing nothing about it is foolish.
Little disclosure. I worked as a corporate attorney for a startup producing oil from alternative sources. In addition to being one of the few startups to survive, I had the opportunity to interact with many many other alternative/clean energy related entities (suppliers, producers, etc.) Seriously, the market and viability is far far more complex than you could imagine. The best way to think of it is like this - we all know that red meat is bad for us but most of us eat it anyways. Well, we all know that climate change is largely caused by man activities and we need to switch to alternative energy -- but we don't. Just like red meat won't stop being consumed until we either change our preferences or create an artificial meat, clean energy won't really be pursued until we either re-orient our priorities or we make it cheaper than non-clean energy (and yes, I understand the total cost but we don't measure the total cost in terns of immediate costs to the consumer).
Its more of it might be to late by the time the world has become fully invested. I get that market wise alternative fuel isn't going to be a money maker which is of course what most people care about. Still it wouldn't hurt to start to at least edge towards that instead of staying on course.
>e can afford universal health care if we could ACTUALLY CUT the military budget and guess what we would still have the best military in the planet if we did. We will never have universal health care in the US. It was already proposed during the New Deal, but the American Medical Association (doctors' union) shot it down. >Also you expect me to believe her when she says that she will keep wall street in check? She'll keep doing what Obama has done, and it is working. >Hillary wouldn't care about what the oil industries are doing as long as she keeps getting paid by them. ...I think, at the minimum, she thinks that it's not a Chinese conspiracy. The government does not have the power to kill a whole industry with the stroke of a pen. >She even acknowledged the fact that we know that Saudi Arabia has helped spread extremist views around the middle east yet they are still our allies... I would rather have Saudi Arabia around then a power vacuum, which would be magnitudes worse than Syria. >If she legit gave a shit she would lobby for them to be ousted from the UN. That's the one of the stupidest thing I've ever read. Yes, kicking them out of a forum for discussion and peace talks definitely is a smart idea. Dude, there's a reason North Korea is still in the UN. >They are bombing weddings and other family events causing terror in Yemen yet we do nothing. Why do we need anything to do with Yemen? People complain about the US being the world police. It's not our job. >We don't actually protect the world and keep it peaceful, we make it worse. Everything seems fine in the US and amongst our allies. Economy is booming, unemployment is at its lowest in years. I think the status quo is fine.
Friday morning I will write a better written paragraph with my sources cited in a reply to you. If you want you can try and change my mind then.
No sweat, just saying that some of your viewpoints seem to be very unrealistic.
Yep been called a radical. edit: Heck people think I am crazy when I say that we should stop "being the peacekeepers of the world"... we can still do good things in the world with out having to send our soldiers with carbines to shoot up the place.
Some other countries don't want us to do good things. They want us to keep to ourselves like every other nation in the world.
Yeah and I agree with them. Just saying that we shouldn't be arming Saudi Arabia and other countries.
Nice manifesto.
If we break our alliance with Saudi Arabia and disavow them, how is the middle east better off for it? Do you really think a secular regime would replace the House of Saud?
u/johnahoe
You said you're going to be a real critic. I only see Hillary's criticism
I can write a Trump one too. edit: but we all already know that Trump is a sexist POS... just felt like Hillary needed some of this too.
I can accept all the things you said. What I can't accept is if you think Trump would actually do better. He'd be so much worse. Even you think Hillary would make the wrong decisions, but there's likely to be thought behind them. Trump shoots from the hip, as he has over and over again. There's no thought or calculation behind anything. He's completely incompetent to have control over a country.
I don't like Trump either... I just think the fact that people treat Hillary like a saint is nauseating.
I actually really really ... really like Hillary. No, she's not a saint, nobody is a saint, but I really like her as a politician. Don't know her personally though. So there's that.
People are surprised that I ain't a big fan of Obama either... I am more on the left than most apparently.
Let me be brutally honest here. People treat/view politicians unfairly. Let it be a left-leaning or right-leaning person viewing a Democrat or Republican politician. "Unfairly" doesn't mean bad, but it means not looking at a whole picture, and every position. We "sum up" and "summarize" a politician into a singular spot in the political spectrum, and most of the times we mislead ourselves. I'm talking about myself mostly, and I'm being honest to you about how I view politicians. The mistake above, I make it too, and still do. It's a necessary of choosing who to support. I said I really really really like Hillary, yeah I freaking do, and I'm excited about her presidency. But if I'm looking into all and every of her position/stand, and her issues/scandals, sure as hell I can come up with many things I dislike about. Many are political expenditures that she has to make so I let them slide, and many are more fundamental. All in all however, as everyone is flawed, and more so politician, I still really like her. Even more than Obama. Yeah, it could be quite weird, but had the primary this year been between Obama and Hillary, I would still support her over Obama. Not sure why I tell you this... uhm, I'll show myself out.
No I get it, my uncle is a politician in Mexico so yeah I kind of just know a few of the private problems. I did the same thing to Bernie... he wasn't perfect but seriously what is wrong with us for not having him represent the left.
> what is wrong with us for not having him represent the left. America may be just more right than we would like to be. Let me be clear, I prefer Hillary over Bernie, so I can't really answer that question. But before we drive into our differences and this discussion turns heated unnecessarily, I think I will stop. Nice talking to ya!
TL;DR I don't like Hillary. Also use some fucking paragraphs.
You want me to write more because I can
Knock yourself out, I'm positive you can vomit up some more word walls.
& even if all you say comes true, she will still be lightyears better than our other choice.
Let's be real, if trump is president, Congress will not let him do anything besides the most basic stuff.
That's a great critique. I would love to hear what specific policies Trump is going to implement that will "change things"
I don't support Trump either
Is there a part 2 of your critiques then? I'm asking in all honesty.
Idiot A vs Idiot B. What is spoken doesn't really matter as the vote is predetermined. What happens now for the next few weeks is the illusion of free choice.
It seems I have fired up a few nationalists. Don't stress, keep populating your homeland with your patriotic kin.
What's highschool like these days? Can you give us old people pointers on what's cool and what isn't cool?
Yes someone who has over 30 years experience in politics, who has immense support among the gays, the minorities, women because they believe she changed their lives, some respected by every living ex president, endorsed by all major newspapers, respected by all politicians and experts, respected by world leaders and countries is the same as Trump You should have been on the stage instead of Trump and no one would have known the difference
Millions once believed that the earth was flat, turns out they were wrong. But keep at it champ, like a hapless sheep wandering the country-side. Americans are so dense they can't see through their own ignorance. So sad. Both Trump and Clinton are pathological liars - the perfect fit for the great US of A. US is the laughing stock of the world, nobody takes them seriously anymore.
wow you totally rocked my world with that truth bomb, keep up the hard work, your next mt. dew is on me
Seriously? Try and act like an adult; this is real life
right... it will be just a coincidents that the person that left all the debates not looking like a lunatic *also* won the election..
Democrats have been smarter than the neocons. Their open borders policies have allowed them to secure the future. It is the end of democracy as we know it as democrats become the single party state. With Bernie being popular it's clear Marxism and leftist ideas are on the rise. For power they will ruin the country. If you want to know what we will be like just look at Brazil or Argentina. Corruption beyond repair.
Argentina was Peronist (a mixture of both wings and extremely populist, I would actually compare Trump to Peron and his base literal fascists and literal communists who then started killing each other) and Brazil was always corrupt (both countries are, Argentina had a literal caudillo in one of its districts, Santiago del Estero, literally a caudillo within a country), what happened with Brazil was the commodities boom ending, then things went back to unfortunately normal.
I'm curious to know your thoughts on gerrymandering
I don't know, worst Canada has to worry about right now is Maclean.
As a Canadian: welcome to the rest of the world. I think you'll be surprised by how nice and non-insane things are on this side.
Yeah probably. You should escape to some other country before the DNC Marxist Death Squads come for you. Quick, before it's too late!
But at least we'll win more soccer matches.
Time for you to leave the country.
To Canada!
What's it like living in your universe?
Really, really scary, I imagine.
Surrounded by damn commies at all time... Must be terrifying.
I'm so happy this is all over tonight, this last one just frustrated me. Not because I favor one candidate over the other, I think they are both garbage people and South Park def got it right. Fuck it, I'm just going to write my dog in. Her platform will be chicken for everyone, physical fitness from daily walks, and a war on all squirrels. Please consider Rosie Walsh-Wilson for your write in "because the other candidates stink worse than my poop" http://i.imgur.com/cPljv5Y.jpg
 good shit go sHit thats  some goodshit rightthere rightthere if i do a so my self  i say so  thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus:  ) mMMMM  O0OOOOOOooo        Good shit
Third party vote, don't waste it.
Thank you, South Park, for reinforcing the notion among disaffected young people that the worst thing you can possibly do is give a shit.
sshh grown ups are talking.
I dont know how you could think one both sides are equally bad, but you're entitled to that opinion.
It's the cool thing to think.
I don't think either side won. He attacks her, and she can't defend She attacks him, and he can't defend He says crazy shit. She says, slightly, less crazy shit. Still pretty crazy. And very complicated and convoluted. He says the same thing 3 times. She says things that don't make any sense when you actually rewind and listen to it a few times.
This election is not about who is better, it's about who is worse.
If one of them is worse, that makes the other better. /Logic
Right, but she's in the lead, so a draw still puts her in a good position. Trump needed to have an indisputable victory tonight and he didn't.
> I don't think either side won. Well polls say otherwise.
* Says who? * the polls? * Which polls? * all of them.
Were you even watching the debate?
no legitimate source is calling the debate for either of them
> She says things that don't make any sense when you actually rewind and listen to it a few times. Nah I understood everything she said, when she said it. Nothing about what she said was incoherent, but just about everything Donald said past the thirty minute mark was.
... what? Did we listen to different debates? She actually has a policy agenda and demonstrated *some* foreign policy mastery. What exactly doesn't make sense when you rewind it?
She speaks at a 7th grade level to the masses, but unfortunately, it still goes over peoples' heads.
[removed]
What a nasty comment.
In no universe was that the case. Not even yours.
Folks, this is your typical trump follower comment, 14 year old kids trying to be edgy.
The more you say it, the more true it is! Right? Right guys??
lol no
**sniff** WRONG
/s ?
Nah, user appears to be a consistent Trump supporter. Sad!
No, not sarcasm. Anger. You can tell how upset this made him.
[deleted]
There was a Roe v. Wade discussion that Hillary absolutely dominated. Find it on YouTube. Unfortunately, no LGBT issues. Wallace chose to focus on Gun Control and Abortion for the Supreme Court discussion. There wasn't really a moment where Hillary could pivot into Obergefell and LGBT discrimination.
If you didn't bother watching then why bother commenting in the DEBATE thread?
I'm not banking on it. I'm just preparing for a golden opportunity if it does happen.
Pulling all of your long-term investments for a Trump victory longshot IS banking on it. In fact, it's ludicrous and wouldn't be recommended by any financial advisor. Realistically, they'd probably laugh at you and pray that God has mercy on your soul.
[deleted]
Not a bot. Youre just a fucking idiot.
And as Russia said... hacked or not... she still said it.
U.S. intelligence agencies have not called out Russian President Vladimir Putin by name. But an Oct. 7 statement issued by the director of national intelligence and the Department of Homeland Security said this: “We believe, based on the scope and sensitivity of these efforts, that only Russia's senior-most officials could have authorized these activities.” Mary Louise Kelly NPR National Security Correspondent According to the Oct. 7 statement by U.S. intelligence officials: “The U.S. Intelligence Community (USIC) is confident that the Russian Government directed the recent compromises of e-mails from US persons and institutions, including from US political organizations. The recent disclosures of alleged hacked e-mails on sites like DCLeaks.com and WikiLeaks and by the Guccifer 2.0 online persona are consistent with the methods and motivations of Russian-directed efforts. These thefts and disclosures are intended to interfere with the US election process.” Mary Louise Kelly NPR National Security Correspondent Further PolitiFact lists several instances in which Trump has talked about having some sort of contact with Putin. Danielle Kurtzleben NPR Politics Reporter
https://www.crowdstrike.com/blog/bears-midst-intrusion-democratic-national-committee/ https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/us-government-officially-accuses-russia-of-hacking-campaign-to-influence-elections/2016/10/07/4e0b9654-8cbf-11e6-875e-2c1bfe943b66_story.html http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/trump-was-told-russia-was-blame-hacks-long-debate-n663686 https://www.wired.com/2016/07/heres-know-russia-dnc-hack/ http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/27/world/europe/russia-dnc-hack-emails.html here's the white house even trying to NOT politicize it: https://www.buzzfeed.com/alimwatkins/the-white-house-asked-congress-to-keep-quiet-on-the-whole-ru?utm_term=.rkNr7NBwe#.bxgZmxOGP related: http://www.defenseone.com/threats/2016/08/exclusive-russia-backed-dnc-hackers-strike-washington-think-tanks/131104/
You think our nation's intelligence agencies are lying?
Lol at the millennials and the *totally real people contributing organically* here. She was on defense the whole time. Set up Trump for the violence at rallies video. Basically banked on people ignoring the videos and leaks. "They're illegal to look at." The desperation is palpable.
I look forward to reading your take on the polls shifting even further away from Trump, followed by the actual vote tallies doing the same once the election occurs. > Lol at the millennials I assume you're a boomer or older. Trump will *end* your social security. Trump will *end* your medicare. You better *hope* he really does lose, otherwise it's curtains.
lol agreed not once was she on on point trump smashed her
Maybe you should organically contribute over at r/conspiracy
Well most of us know O'Keefe has zero credibility so that line falls flat
Why didn't Donnie tell the Mexican president he's going pay for the wall? Should he have informed the Mexican president about his up coming bill? Or did he choke?
Just wanted to let you know. I down voted you because Im a totally real person and I wanted to contribute.
Clinton has giant fucking balls talking about accepting results of "free & fair" elections when it's been shown she's rigged the media. How can you have "free & fair" elections when it's been shown there is no "free & fair" media??
Just because reality doesn't agree with you it doesn't mean the media's wrong. You can't blame them for reporting the truth.
Media Rigging, whatever that is, is hard, she should get more credit for that.
She's got Fox on her side, not to mention George Bush and Jimmy Carter, and now Breitbart is rigging their polls in her favor. And people still doubt her abilities as a negotiator? Honestly, I keep expecting people to claim she's a Sith Lord.
I dont think you need to spam this post over and over.
I think I do. People need to know she's a bad candidate too. When she becomes president the US is going to be fucked.
Where's my proof?
"when"
She blackmailing the country into giving her a mandate. Just because she's marginally better than Donald Trump doesn't mean she's going to improve the country. She won't fix wall street. She's supporting TPP. She won't do anything for the climate. She's going to help Wells Fargo get away with it. She's going to approve the Dakota North pipeline. She doesn't support Black Lives Matter. She's a bad candidate.
People said that when Obama was elected 8 years ago. Most people's lives have remained unaffected or improved. Save this post and get back to me in 4 years when nothing major has changed. I dare you to.
You mean when California is still in drought, Oil is $40 a barrel, ISIS is still running around doing terrorist attacks all over Europe, more fraud on WallStreet is discovered, more leaks come out, and more "natural" disasters have killed dozens or hundreds of more people? Sure, keep a checklist.
I...what are you even implying with the "natural" disasters comment? Are your trying to say Obama/Clinton are controlling the weather or something? And how is Trump going to affect the price of a barrel of oil? Also, how exactly is Trump going to alleviate the drought in California? Use these executive weather powers that Obama has been using to create hurricanes and tornadoes?
I'm saying climate change is man made and there's nothing natural about it.
You need to go back to /r/conspiracy lmao, when you put natural disasters in quotes. And $40/barrel is good for your car, what are you complaining about? Youre not an oil worker. Exxon mobil is still the largest company in the world.
So you think climate change is a conspiracy theory? How the fuck would you know if I was an oil worker or not?? 40 dollars a barrel is bad for the economy because refined oil is a major export of the US. That means if it's worth less......... then the US gets less money for selling it, idiot. And there's nothing in place yet to replace oil. The US is doing basically nothing to get off fossil fuel.
If only the US economy didnt depend on oil like canada and russia....oh wait it doesnt. Most of the major us companies keep profits up because of refining anyway, high margins there when prices are low. Theyre fine, everythings fine. We've been getting off fossil fuel for awhile, it just takes a long ass time. A lot of universities have their own solar farms these days You are just a debbie downer who wants to see the bad in everything
Fantastic. Would you care to address my other points? How is Hillary going to magically deal with Daesh? European terrorism? WallStreet Fraud? Wikileaks? Climate Change? Will Exxon Mobil still be the largest company in the world when it drops BELOW $40/ barrel? There's a reason why these companies are becoming desperate enough to do hydraulic fracturing procedures you know. Fracking was invented in the 1860s but it wasn't profitable enough and now suddenly it is. You don't see anything concerning about that? And it destroys ground water, which is kind of, you know, important for stuff.
I'll pay you 300 through PayPal if you can prove this
so how many times you going to post this?
It's a good ass point and the first one I've seen it
So why is it a "good ass point"? You buy in to that rigged bullshit huh?
There are thousands of emails on Wikileaks right now that discuss nefarious activity like election fraud and media manipulation. And the entire media narrative, as well as Hillary's answer tonight, is to deflect by completely ignoring the content of the leaks and crying about the Russians.
They really don't but keep up that spin baby!
Did you copy & paste?
I know it's hard to accept, but no matter how much you want it, Donald Trump isn't going to cuddle with you.
I don't want him to. I want people to hold Clinton accountable. Bernie Sanders knows she cheats.
Cheats by getting millions more votes from voters? Gawd what a cheet.
No she cheats by giving california primary voters provisional ballots which are never counted.
Suddenly you have nothing to say. There will be an investigation into what happened in the California primary and it will show she cheated democrats out of a legitimate choice. Not allowing people to even vote for Bernie Sanders in New York isn't something people will forget either.
Except that's not happening because Bernie supports her and doesn't think she cheated. Stop conspiritarding.
Seriously bro, he isn't going to love you. It isn't going to happen. I know you are star struck but you just aren't going to get that hug that you want from him.
And what happens next year when she gets impeached?
Get back to me in one year when that doesn't happen. I'll donate 100 bucks to a charity of your choice if she gets impeached.
Yah he's also supporting her
...and none of his supporters are listening to him anymore because of it.
I wouldn't say "none" but definitely some are.
And a lot are voting Jill Stein. Clinton could have reached out to Sanders supporters but instead she reached out to Jeb Bush and now Sanders supporters hate her as much as Trump. Some will vote for her, but none of them will ever trust her.
Being a Sanders supporter I am fully aware of the situation.
I think Sanders supporters should boycott the election and focus on electing progressive members of congress.
Some are. Americans are discovering what strategic voting is for the first time with this election.
Mostly on account of the idea of a Trump presidency being fucking terrifying. I mean, I don't like Clinton. I don't like the status quo, I don't like a number of her stances on issues, I would have loved to vote for somebody else. But... I voted for her. Because dear God, they let Trump get *this close* to the presidency.
I agree with you. I don't like her either. I'm not even a democrat. But voting against Trump is the only reason I would vote for her. Because he is bat shit crazy.
Yeah I'm not a Democrat either. I was seriously considering registering Republican but I feel like they are actively trying to drive away people like me at this point.
I'm a lot farther left wing than democrats and way too left leaning to even consider the right. But I agree the Republicans have isolated themselves as far as support goes these days with their rhetoric.
I have some ultra liberal ideas, but also some not so liberal ideas. I'm like a weird Mish mash. I just want people to be free to be happy, however they may choose to be, a small but efficient central government, but also not fuck over people who have a hard time. So essentially I will never like any candidate. But Trump does a pretty good job of being exactly the opposite of what I want in every meaningful way. Edit: except term limits. I like term limits.
Hillary lied.
wrong
Don't drop that shit here.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psychological_projection
Big win for Trump
It was truly bigly.
LOL! Wait, are you serious?
Sorry, which planet are you watching from?
You must've watched a different debate than most people did.
Lol, lord, how
He had valid points, and dominated policy questions, unlike Hillary, Who repeatedly dodged and lied her way through debate. Everything she said was proven to be false by emails and tape. Liar liar pants suit on fire
Because he recognized more words that Trump said than Hillary
He doesn't have to worry about how he's going to redecorate the Oval Office anymore since he won't be moving in.
Thought Trump killed it, Luntz group agrees. Its hard to find any undecideds this late in the election and its very good for Trump that he is winning. After this win and last weeks win, he is in good spot going ahead. Looking in at the focus group for CNN it was 10 - Hillary 9 - Trump 1 - Draw With a slight democratic bias (as reported by the host) this is very good news for Trump
You realize he isn't supposed to be breaking even at this point with the deficit he has, but he needs to have gotten significantly more undecideds?
Wrong. 11- HRC 9-Trump 1- Equal.
Are you ignoring all of the statistical models?
Lol.
For everyone commenting on 11 Hillary, I paused and counted the lady, she gave 1 extra vote to hillary in a rush unfortunately. There was 20 respondents, it wouldn't make sense for 11 to go to her, 9 for trump, and 1 draw
It was 11 for Hillary and you really have to be out of touch with reality to think Trump killed it. The only thing Trump has killed this entire process is his chances of being President.
11 for Clinton
I really genuinely pity you. You confuse me and make me sad
How can you say he won...?
[https://media.giphy.com/media/Fml0fgAxVx1eM/giphy.gif](https://media.giphy.com/media/Fml0fgAxVx1eM/giphy.gif)
>a slight democratic bias lol
Even before this debate it was too late for Trump to change the minds he needed to change. The electoral map isn't going to be any different because of this debate. That said, Hillary had a very commanding presence and stayed on message. She had fangs and all of her attacks landed. Trump stayed on whatever message it is he's trying to push for like 30 minutes, but then got flustered and started rambling and sniffing again.
Yeah you know except for the actual scientific poll conducted that showed Trump getting owned 52-39.
yea. This is where the democrat bias line came in too. Not for the focus group. OP is lying like Trump supporters always do.
Ummm no
That's not the democratic bias poll he was referring to. So, you are wrong. The 11 Hillary, 9 Trump, 1 draw is just a focus group. Not sure where you are getting the democratic bias thing from.
Except he didn't win. Anyone who thinks Trump has won any of the debates is insane.
I loved it when Trump said he never apologized to Melania 24 hrs after she went on tv and said that Trump had apologized to her. Is this what "winning" looks like? Can Trump go retire in peace with Charlie Sheen now?
Luntz group? >[Frank I. Luntz (born February 23, 1962) is an American political consultant,[2] pollster, and "public opinion guru"[3] best known for developing talking points and other messaging for various Republican causes.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frank_Luntz)
I'm going to take the opinion of the guy who titles his thread with the word "cucks" with a grain of Trump flavored salt.
I'll bite here. It's not over until election day but how can you say he won when almost every single poll both national and local showed Clinton gain ground? And we're not just talking battleground states. We're talking Utah, Missouri, Kansas and Texas.
Ummn what? This is about the debate performance. That's what these focus groups measured.
Clinton has giant fucking balls talking about accepting results of "free & fair" elections when it's been shown she's rigged the media. How can you have "free & fair" elections when it's been shown there is no "free & fair" media??
Have voters any brains? If they only had a brain.
a brain washed clean is worthless
Instead of biased media go after personal responsibility to participate in the election process.
how can someone use personal responsibility when it's impossible to get unbiased info on TV? or in magazines or newspapers? And it's very difficult to get unbiased info from the internet... so how do people get info?
our media isn't free, they're businesses
1st ammendment means they're supposed to be free
Because the media doesn't run the Secretary of State offices in each state.
How do you equate media bias with free and fair election results? One has nothing to do with the other. Media bias does not equal voter fraud.
media bias = brainwashed electorate
Are you just going to just repeat this same comment over and over? Do you...do you have any original thoughts on this matter?
i want to know how fast the shills can downvote it
fox news?
abc cbs nbc hbo cnn msnbc politico etc etc etc
most of those are impartial, in my country they allow equal air time to both parties, but they are allow to call one side out on Bull, not there fault one side have had a lot idiots moments and scandals, due you expect them not to report it? Give less ammo and you dont have a problem. As someone from outside American Trump is a idiot, get out of your bubble.
No, it's more about damage control they did to cover up the things that are seriously wrong with her. Trump is obviously a terrible candidate, but the vast majority don't understand why she's bad too.
what the fuck are you people talking about? seriously, explain yourself and cite actual fucking sources that don't involve bigfoot and reptiles from outer space controlling the government
leaks
Yes, she's "rigged" the media, not that Trump has alienated the media or anything. CNN had actually brought up those recently released emails and videos quite a bit. It's Trump who keeps bringing the attention to himself through his bizarre ramblings and Twitter rants.
Not accepting the results of a democratic general election is extremely undermining to the democratic process and anti-American. Partisan publications are deeply engrained in American culture which is why we even have a 2 party system. The media will always publish the best selling story because the media do not save about the consumer. They care about creating programming to draw the best ratings to increase ad sales
.....now they do They used to call that yellow journalism
How did Clinton "rig the media"?
leaks
The wikileaks that are supposed to show her in a negative light?
So I wanted to share a very non scientific poll I've been conducting as an uber driver in California. Question being asked is who do you support for president. Question asked in Alameda Country, San Francisco, Contra Costa and Solano county. Trump 33 HRC 18 What I find insane is all polls show trump getting killed but in California a Blue State it doesn't appear to be the case. Also should add almost every one I asked said neither candidate is ideal.
Consider your sample: who rides in an uber? 1) People who do not have a car (or at least not currently) 2) People who have been drinking. Both of which are typically in the trump camp
... Plenty of people voting for Hillary drink. What kind of silliness?
I'm saying know your sample. He's not shuttling around people at a community center, he's not giving rides to newly registered voters in college. his "polling data" is from presumably drunk people in the back of his car. Hardly a representative sample.
Oh, I agree, that is an entirely silly poll. That one particular point was just worded in a way that was funny to me. That being said I live not far from the bay in the Capitol and there are a disturbing amount of Trump supporters. Nobody in California should be taking this election for granted, because if a large enough block of them skip voting there *is* a large Trump presence here.
That's because the people riding in Ubers in Frisco hate paying taxes. They don't care if they need to elect a rapist to get a tax cut.
Nope.
r/thatHappened
You polled 51 people lol.
You're looking at a very specific subset of the population there, tied not only to location but also to lifestyle (uber users who use uber during the times you drive)
I'm from the Bay Area, and I'm not buying it.
Seconded, there is not a chance that's an accurate assessment.
I live just up the road a ways in the Capitol. There is a terrifying amount of Goofy well to do conservatives around me. Enough to make me legit uncomfortable. Don't skip voting is all I'm saying.
Dude, that's California. Trump doesn't have a chance in hell.
I just finished a very non scientific poll I've been conducting in Texas. HRC 400 trillion Trump 6
Clinton has giant fucking balls talking about accepting results of "free & fair" elections when it's been shown she's rigged the media. How can you have "free & fair" elections when it's been shown there is no "free & fair" media??
How in the actual fuck do you rig the media? They're private corporations chasing ratings, and stories about Trump being an unbelievable asshole are making way more money than boring e-mails that confirm that Hillary is a politician.
lol. Trump was talking about rigging the actual vote taking. Thats a huge fucking difference about the media. Not that I even accept your basic premise in the first place.
rigging the media = rigging the election If people can't get unbiased news, then they can't make informed decisions about who to vote for.
Remind me what media place has former candidates being paid to speak on their network again, en mass? FoxNews is well beyond the pale of being completley fucking biased for Republicans. Your argument is hilariously absurd. Think what you want though. Not gonna even waste my time with you on it.
Foxnews has criticised Trump too in the past few weeks.
And CNN + MSNBC have brought up wikileaks, her emails, and a host of other shit. So what.
So, CNN has basically threatened people if they read the leaks for themselves they'll go to jail for espionage. And then they tell people to only listen to what they say is in them.
man what the fuck are you even talking about?
the leaks theres leaks that show she colluded with the media to get on her side
I want some of whatever he's smoking.
IMO hilary is good for rest of the world excecpt russia. Also many say trump jus fell for her bait and how nicely she escaped answering tough questions but honestly do you want some who escapes answering q's or donald [what u see is what u get,yea a blonde!.]. both are scary!!!..and when donald says hilary is 4more yrs of obama ,its very very good for immigrants but may be not so good for american citizens have fun guys!!
Immigrants? You mean every citizen of the United States that isn't a Native American.
Okay so that everyone else won't get cancer >In my opinion, Hillary is good for the rest of the world except Russia. Also many people says that Trump just fell for her bait and how nicely she escaped answering tough questions but honestly do you want someone who escapes answering questions or Donald (What you see is what you get, Yeah a blonde!) Both are scary! And when Donald said Hillary is 4 more years of Obama, it's very good for immigrants but may not be so good for American Citizens. Have fun guys!
I mean, just because you phrased this as other people "getting cancer" when correcting a person's grammar, I hereby offer my copy-editor services to your copy: >In my opinion, Hillary is good for the rest of the world**,** except Russia. Also**,** many people ~~says~~say that Trump just fell for her bait and how nicely she escaped answering tough questions**;** but honestly**,** do you want someone who escapes answering questions or Donald (**"**What you see is what you get~~,~~. Yeah**,** a blonde!**"**)**?** Both are scary! And when Donald said Hillary is ~~4~~ four more years of Obama, ~~it's~~ it would be very good for immigrants but may not be so good for American ~~Citizens~~citizens. Have fun**,** guys!
Well, you win.
what does Hillary being blonde have to do with her politics?
> 4more yrs of obama ,its very very good for immigrants Obama has deported more illegal immigrants than GWB. Your dipshit orange emperor is selling you lies again.
I'm glad Obama's record on deportations was pointed out, in order to shatter the GOP myth that Dems have no backbone with immigration enforcement. I wish Hillary would have gone into more detail about the Syrian refugee vetting process (sometimes 12 months or more to check their backgrounds) to dispel the other myth the GOP perpetuates as a scare tactic. "Extreme vetting" indeed.
I thought it was odd that it was pointed out by Trump. I'm not sure what he gained from it. He and Hillary have both said that she will be a continuation of Obama, so the implication seemed to be that she will continue the deportations. He clearly can't use that line of attack to win Latino support, since his proposals are much stronger. It hurt his claim that Hillary wants open borders. If anything it seemed to tell whoever is still on the fence that Hillary's immigration policy might be closer to the center than they expected. Possibly some voters heard that and decided to vote third party rather than Hillary.
This comment is not about politics, just simply about how this post give me cancer with its formatting.
it honestly opened up new interpretations of "intelligence" for me to ponder on.
I'm just gonna hop in and say: this is written exactly the way Trump talks
Also the guy's username sounds like something Trump would claim to be the author of.
Clinton has giant fucking balls talking about accepting results of "free & fair" elections when it's been shown she's rigged the media. How can you have "free & fair" elections when it's been shown there is no "free & fair" media??
Do you think the media is being forced to be pro Hillary?
thats what the emails say. and she doesn't refute them. All she says is that the emails were stolen by russia. She's NEVER said they are lies.
The emails say that the media is forced to be pro Hillary? What?
Because the voting process is totally separate from the media....
Right... and how do the electorate make decisions again? How does the electorate decide who to vote for? Oh that's right... the fucking media tells them what the positions are of the two candidates. Except they all work for one candidate against the other.
Sure. People are influenced by the media. But that isn't what trump was saying he wouldn't accept. Regardless of why they voted one way or the other that is how they voted. He said he wouldn't accept the vote and the will of the American public.
technically i think he said "i'm leaving you in suspense"
Sure. But by saying he won't accept it (even leaving wiggle room for something by having a unless after it) he is basically saying he won't. Why else would he not say he would accept it. This isn't a 2 part finale to a season the apprentice, we don't want suspense and mystery from our candidates.
He's saying he won't commit to supporting the result ahead of time. Which is what the question really was, committing ahead of time to the result being fair. So it amounts to the same thing. It's the same thing as when he told "2nd ammendment people" to "do something about Clinton". It's a thinly veiled threat of violence.
Sorry put a double negative. Edited to fix. Need sleep
Sleep is for the weak. Like Gary Johnson supporters.
Stop. **Lying.**
emails aren't lies
No. They aren't. But the ridiculous spin you put on them is.
no spin, just reading comprehension skills
even if you accept the story that they're Russia hacks..... she still doesn't claim theyre lies
/s?
its from the emails
The emails said no such thing
yes they did
Thanks.
There's a list of all the outlets that came to a secret dinner about 2 years ago so they could all get on the same page. And there's print media who were hand picked by her campaign to write favorable stories for her.
I think Trump won this debate. Hillary's closing speech was weak. I dont like either candidate btw. I'm also unsure of what to make of any kind of poll given the media biases.
Trump handily lost this debate. Again. He was completely immature and undemocratic as well as offensive and retaliatory. That is a person who is unfit to run the country. Both candidates are horrible people, but I fully believe that Donald trump would ruin this country in short order.
Seriously? Like... Really? I need to know some things. What do you do for a living? What are your hobbies? What is your education level? Does the earth orbit the sun or vice versa?
Does resorting to personal attacks make you feel better about yourself, just because someone doesn't agree with your opinon?
I was asking earnestly
Shillary looked glassey-eyed, like she was going to collapse from exhaustion.
Low energy. Trump good, best people. I'd rather have exhausted Hillary than "without a plan" trump.
Shillary is going to lose even harder now that her plan to bus in voters has been revealed.
This myth about voter fraud again? \*Yawn\* Come back when there is any evidence of voter fraud. Any in significant scale? None, according to proper investigations on the subject.
Just. Another. Lie.
Yes, yes it it. This myth of voter fraud is one of the largest lies the rightwing has perpetuated.
Ah yes, because *"the right"* just got caught on film trying to fix the election, eh? ;)
Let the investigations decide. What do the investigations say? What proof is there of allegations of voter fraud? [A comprehensive investigation of voter impersonation finds 31 credible incidents out of one billion ballots cast](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2014/08/06/a-comprehensive-investigation-of-voter-impersonation-finds-31-credible-incidents-out-of-one-billion-ballots-cast/) That was back in 2014, I hope very thorough and deep investigation insures the legitimacy of Hillary Clinton's coming presidency.
CNN cut to show her getting into the Suburban under her own power.
Are we back to that meme now? How about Donald chug-a-lugging water?
Your boy looked like he was coming down with something. His personal Vietnam may have finally caught up.
troll harder
I've gotta say, Trump was better behaved then Hillary in this election. He responded better to the questions, went less off topic, and attempted to, but did not talk over the moderator when challenged. I think Hillary Clinton was expecting Trump to be more Trumpish and to get away with a little more by comparison this debate. In my honest, unbiased opinion (third party voter) she took the low road big time, and it obviously shows in this debate even without serious fact checking. Her nuclear criticism was jaw dropping, as I just could not fathom why she was repeatedly throwing out dishonest low blows with no backing whatsoever. I perceive her to be in the lead, and the aggressive style seems foolish if she has the opportunity to coast to the presidency on Trumps bad reputation which is undoubtedly refuted at least in partial by this final debate.
Wth are you smoking?
Uh? What? He argued with Chris Wallace, (HAVE YOU SEEN ALLEPPO!!!!!), interjected "WRONG!" about 5 times while Hillary spoke and called her a "nasty woman," while she gave her last answer.
>spend whole time dodging questions, misdirecting and repeating talking points that recent damning videos directly contradict. But yeah, it went totally great. You better bus in more illegals to vote.
Most reasonable people don't trust literal hit pieces released by known propagandists the day before a debate. You honestly don't see anything suspicious about that?
>You better bus in more illegals to vote. Ok
[removed]
A woman would be just fine as president. Just not Hillary. I don't support Trump, either. They're both horrible candidates.
What about your genitalia is better than hers and what role does it play in the presidency?
Why not?
/s?
Excuse me?
you fucking heard me.
And why should a woman not be president? What about it is "absurd"?
Go to bed, grandpa
Hillary is the master question dodger for sure! I'd like to be the first to welcome president Trump to the White House!!!!
[ok](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/?ex_cid=rrpromo#plus)
Triggered.
Welcome Trump as a guest? Sure. I'm sure Hillary will invite him.
id like to be the first to welcome you to reality.
lmao
So that is wrong on both accounts. Most people I drive have cars. Also they are very diverse. The weirdest one to me is every Asian person has been trump.
Except me, my family, my family friends, my neighbors, my relatives. Oh, and there is also polls.
So your echo chamber.
and yet all **scientific** polling has trump down huge with asian americans of all ethnicities
If you are Chinese American please understand which is the right choice for you. I'm Sure you also have people living back home even you are now a Citizen living in United States. Think about the people we left behind. Not all of us are fortunate like us. http://www.cnbc.com/2016/07/11/china-fears-hillary-clinton-focus-on-south-china-sea-human-rights-far-more-than-it-does-donald-trump.html http://www.cnn.com/2016/04/05/politics/china-hillary-clinton-donald-trump/ http://www.newsweek.com/china-donald-trump-hillary-clinton-south-china-sea-beijing-xi-jinping-479536 Read any of these Articles and you can see sound and reasons to why Donald Trump is the only candidate to vote for. The Clintons had done enough harm to the Chinese people.
Clinton will get over 80% of Chinese American vote since racism against one minority group is dangerous to all. Also they believe in science.
Radical islam is a problem even in China, and people see that. I wouldn't be so sure it's 80%. All my friends and family are voting for Trump
Can't tell if fake account/story or just a sellout...
China says that radical Christianity is a problem and by that the mean regular Christianity so I wouldn't believe anything China says about Islam. Obama won 72% of Asians in 2012 and I doubt if Clinton will do worse. Most of the Asians I know are from Taiwan and literally all of them are voting for Clinton.
show me your source that Christianity is a problem in China? here's a source that radical Islam is a terrorist problem within China http://www.cnn.com/2015/12/02/asia/china-xinjiang-uyghurs/ The demographic of Taiwanese in U.S is small compare to that from Mainland China. but good luck
Since most of the Chinese American population is on the West Coast and the New York region the Clinton victory will be massive.
Hillary gave away TOP SECRET information on our response time frame with a nuclear launch. THIS IS FUCKING CLASSIFIED INFORMATION!!!!!!
You are assuming it was correct;) maybe she lied and it is actually 1 minute
> TOP SECRET I don't think that means what you think it means.
lol
You forgot "TO.THE.TOP!!!!!".
Lol
Lol
Yeah, now all ISIS needs to do is design and build a missile that will deliver a warhead from Iraq/Syria to the continental USA in 3 minutes 59 seconds or less and then where will we be? Edit: /s
I honestly can't tell where T_D leaves off and /r/forwardsfromgrandma begins.
"I love the poorly educated !"
With that level of ignorance I'm not suprised you support Trump.
Rofl, don't worry you'll be able to vote in 10 years.
And that looks worrying to me
We all thought dumb shit when we were 10. I thought a fifty foot tall woman would be awesome because I'd be able to sleep on her boobs.
It's not though. It's easily found online. Knowing that is part of MAD
[removed]
Hi `zippedi`. Thank you for participating in /r/Politics. However, [your comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/58eh18/2016_presidential_race_third_presidential/d8zx8s4) has been removed for the following reason(s): * Your comment does not meet our [comment civility rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil). Please be civil. If you have any questions about this removal, please feel free to [message the moderators.](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/politics&subject=Question regarding the removal of this comment by /u/zippedi&message=I have a question regarding the removal of this [comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/58eh18/2016_presidential_race_third_presidential/d8zx8s4?context=10000\))
Yeah, it hasn't been referenced in several hundred movies and books. Fucking Tom Clancy released this "Top Secret" information back in the 80s. Take your blood pressure meds and go to bed.
Roger Waters had a song in 1987 about a kid launching nuclear warheads called "Four Minutes".
> TRUMP_MAGA_ - Hillary gave away TOP SECRET information on our response time frame with a nuclear launch. THIS IS FUCKING CLASSIFIED INFORMATION!!!!!! Where did you get that idea from? No it isn't classified. This has been public knowledge since the 1980's and widely talked about. The only way you would think this is top secret or classified is if you actively avoided learning anything a about our nuclear forces. Mutually Assured Destruction doesn't work if this information is classified. Reagan actually mentioned our response time more than once during his time as president. Sources: SIOP (pronounced "sci-op") https://www.britannica.com/topic/Single-Integrated-Operational-Plan DOD OPLAN 8010 - https://fas.org/blogs/security/2013/04/oplan8010-12/ https://foreignpolicy.com/2016/08/05/our-nuclear-procedures-are-crazier-than-trump/ http://allthingsnuclear.org/syoung/building-a-nuclear-war-plan http://www.nukestrat.com/pubs/SIOP%20Glossary%201999.pdf
... relevant flair?
When you live in the shadow of a nuclear missile silo most of your life and know that in the event of a nuclear war, either you are going to die in a nuclear blast or die horribly slow from radiation poisoning, you either stick your head in the sand and ignore the danger or learn about the US nuclear forces and their potential use. It can often feel like a scythe hanging over your neck at times. Even today.
Thank you for posting facts
Happy to do so :)
Donald Trump closed strong and he's on his way to victory. Hillary was all over the place despite the help of the moderator. She ran and hid from questions. Only Donald Trump showed the strength we need in these times
Your tinfoil fedora is very comely.
..were we watching the same debate?
Just wanted to say, I'm sorry for your loss. Better luck next time.
The revealing of the difference in the perception of reality is the real message in this election.
You are *SO* precious!
Lol
I'm starting to worry about Trump supporters perception of reality. Can you tell me one question he gave a clear, thought-through response on?
So, when he loses, will you guys put your sub to private or will you cry publicly?
You clearly watched a very different debate
That crowd is going to rush the CNN studio. This is the beginning if the end. People don't want to be ruled and lied to by liberals that despise them anymore.
Lol yeah no that's not going to happen but keep fantasizing as you head towards demographic irrelevance.
If the Republicans accept a loss in this election they've essentially completely given up the country. Clinton's supreme court appointments will shut down everything they care about for decades and they'll have no recourse. The complete shut down of voter ID laws and amnesty for illegals, creating more democratic voters, would also insure they'd lose all future elections. Of course, it would be an odd moment in political history for the 48% of the population that pays the majority of the taxes and makes up the vast majority of the police and military to just lay down and accept political irrelevance.
All of that 48% aren't Republicans. If I were to be very generous and say that 30% were, then I can totally see that percentage pooling their power where they can through geographic clustering, but otherwise getting outvoted most of the time.
>Of course, it would be an odd moment in political history for the 48% of the population that pays the majority of the taxes and makes up the vast majority of the police and military to just lay down and accept political irrelevance. You do know that the candidate you are supporting for president isn't a taxpayer, right?
I'm not sure what your point is.
I mean yes, more minorities voting would be bad for the GOP. That's why they try and stop it with voter ID laws despite voter fraud being incredibly rare. The part will adapt or die and be replaced by something else as other parties have. You guys have been warning about "THE COMING REVOLOUTION" since Obama's first term. No one is scared anymore. It's empty bullshit bluster. Look at the age demographic breakdowns for the parties, and the ethnic demographic breakdowns by age. Then divide that by the minority angry enough to take up arms. Young men fight wars. You don't have enough.
I don't think you've looked very closely at those demographics. But you're the one that brought up war. The outcome I'd predict is state governments ignoring the federal government, like with medical marijuana but on a larger scale.
lol wut?
The Republican nominee just declared our electoral system illegitimate. Its going to be a bumpy ride.
There's multiple conservatives on that panel.
Its CNN, lets not kid ourselves.
Oh, poor baby.
I almost feel like they're comic foils, there's no way they actually think they are making anything resembling a coherent argument.
One of them was Trump's own campaign manager!
Trump won. Chris Wallace did great job moderating. Obviously need more Fox News anchors! Sean Hannity for the next debate mod!
I just hope all of you pro-hillary people, whether you like her agenda or are just voting because "she's better" and third parties don't magically exist, are willing to accept the consequences of this election: america is going to become another EU within the TPP. she's pro-globalism and open borders, and she doesn't have to explain why because russian hackers or whatever. i personally wouldn't go to france on vacation if someone bought me a ticket and a four star hotel.
I'm with Howard Stern. I'm with Hillary.
Or live in a nuclear wasteland under Trump. Fallout was fun... As a game.
Trump is an existential threat to our democracy. As a Bernie supporter, I swore I would never vote for her. But after pussy-gate, all the hateful vitrol, and now questioning the legitimacy of our democracy, I am voting for Clinton to give her a mandate. I've spent months backpacking around the World. From socialist nations of Northern EU to Totalitarian nations in Asia. And let me tell you if you had an open mind and would accept that ticket. EU is not so bad. However, the totalitarian, authoritarian countries that I visited *are* scary places, making value what we have here. They're not the utopia that Trump promises you.
at least there will still be an America
is there still a germany? on a map, perhaps. in spirit? go ask the germans.
Lol
If that offer ever comes up send it my way please.
Whats wrong with the EU?
First of all, go back to Infowars. Second of all, France is lovely this time of year.
I went to France a couple of months ago and it was perfectly fine. Oddly enough, I went the weekend the Orlando shooting happened. I'm sorry that you're too afraid to travel, but your fears aren't based in reality. Even my conservative parents who I took had a great time and can't wait to go back. I voted for Hillary and I will accept the "consequences" that come with my single vote. If the Republicans wanted otherwise they should have put up a decent candidate, but they didn't.
And what's wrong with more free-trade agreements, after all, Trump said in 2013: ["We must 'leave borders behind' because future of US 'depends on a cohesive global economy'"](http://www.businessinsider.com/donald-trump-2013-borders-global-economy-2016-10)
As a never trump republican stop you are making me like her more. I don't have elect trump and I get the TPP hell yea.
You sound nervous.
oh, i am very nervous. i'll be sure to scan the horizon for trucks filled with armed muslims playing real life GTAV after november 8th. open borders is so great for america, after all.
I feel sorry for the kids you teach.
I'm okay with us becoming the EU. I mean, you're basically incorrect about everything, but if the worst-case scenario Trumpets can come up with is "4-8 more years of Obama and the European Union", then fucking bring it on. Edit: France is great, you should go, although Paris is overrated IMO.
I would. And 85 million (and similar number of) people who traveled to France last year certainly think so to.
Well just stay in your sheltered little bubble, the rest of humanity will enjoy our lives not living in perpetual fear.
Lol. You live in your home town.
pretty sure we all know whats at stake, and decided a long time ago a HRC presidency is far better option than a Trump one.
[deleted]
"All cats are gray in the dark." -Ben 'Blaze It' Franklin
Hillary's a douche nugget, lol wow, I question the intelligence of anyone whode vote for her
From looking through your profile, I question your intelligence lol
who'd*
I question the intelligence of anyone who would spell who'd as 'whode.'
"douche nugget" "whode" and you are questioning peoples intelligence lol
Given the grammatical errors and missing punctuation, I'm guessing you question a lot of things.
"Who'd."
You're drunk and/or 12.
> whode vote for her I question your intelligence.
>I question the intelligence of anyone whode vote for her >whode lol.
Lmao u can't make this stuff up
I just kept hearing "Hodor" in my head. I hate this election...
Oddly enough, when it comes to the educated, she beats Trump while Trump does best with the uneducated...funny how that works out.
Now think about the intelligence of someone who would vote for Trump
> whode
I question the intelligence of anyone who can't spell who'd...
I liked the part where she leaked the Top Secret 4min Nuke timing. She can't help herself from giving away secrets.
Can't tell if serious...
Considering it's public knowledge that the nuclear codes were stored on floppy disks and were indeed 00000, I don't think the timing is actually secret anymore.
As if the timing between yes and go is what would be exploitable or problematic in that situation? Really? I hate the woman but this is about the last thing I'd classify as leaking classified information lol.
That's actually not a secret unless you don't really know anything about our national nuclear forces. In which case, it *sounds* like a secret but it isn't.
You really think it's 4 minutes? To do what? To hit what?
Public knowledge for at least the last 50 years.
It ain't a secret. You can literally, and I do mean literally, google the amount of time it takes to launch nukes. Here you go. https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/graphics/2016-nuclear-weapon-launch/
I bet Putin is glad Hillary confirmed that for them.
Like they didn't know already.
That's not like a secret or anything. You can Google that.
What hte fuck are you talking about? Thats well known and has been talked about before. Try again. Keep grasping for straws.
Good news for Hillary is that she'll definitely know what time it is tomorrow, the Donald just cleaned her clock.
Did you get that from the drudge report? Slick.
Both debate polls show him losing...
So the Clinton media machine says he lost. Why would I believe that?
Breitbart online poll: Clinton 60 Trump 40 http://www.breitbart.com/2016-presidential-race/2016/10/19/poll-won-third-presidential-debate/
wow, She won the Breitbart poll? By 20? I'm not being facetious I'm floored by that. You've literally shut me up. Touche.
Did Trump win all the polls that don't exist again?
Trump 0 - 3 in debates. Get dat ass ready for Nov. 9. An ass whooping is coming.
He's 2-1 at worst. I can see how some would think he lost the first debate, he wasn't at his best there. The 2nd debate was tight but he won, he definitely won. Tonight he Cah-RUSHED.
Get outta that echo chamber. The sooner the better.
[deleted]
This is all bull crap that the conservative media keeps spinning.
Jesus Christ I didn't know you could cram so much tin foil on your head.
If you're going to copy and paste from your crazy uncle's facebook, at least give us some puppy pictures.
Source
I feel bad you think people actually read this shit you are taking the time to type up
Taking the time to make up.
WALL OF TEXT. Hard on the eyes. Didn't read.
Wrong.
10/10 copy pasta. Please grab your tinfoil hat on the way out.
My word you've cracked the case, I think you should contact the DOJ immediately with these revelations.
Citation needed.
Lol
I personally loved the "I might not accept the results of the election" line trump had. The media keeps saying "Oh yeah we have 240 years of peaceful transition of power, how dare he say that" but its not like Trump is claiming he is going to stage a violent insurrection. To me, Trump just articulated that he has good reason to believe there might be fraud and the result might be illegitimate. I'm not sure who could possibly be offended by Trump making the claim that fraud is possible, because there has been a mountain of evidence leaked so far that clearly demonstrates it has already occurred this election cycle. If anything i think this strengthens his case with the voters who are sick of the corrupt status quo. Haha everyone downvoting and no one has any counter argument
Well, to use his own words--his twitter posts after the 2012 election actually paint a terrifying possibility: He lost the popular vote by a lot and won the election. We should have a revolution in this country!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 7, 2012 Donald J. Trump  @realDonaldTrump We can't let this happen. We should march on Washington and stop this travesty. Our nation is totally divided! 8:29 PM - 6 Nov 2012 That is literally terrifying. He has already once called for an insurrection when he simply didn't like the candidate who won, can you imagine what he might do in the event that he was the loser? [Full log of them here ](http://mashable.com/2012/11/06/trump-reacts-to-election/#l44LAVkgkkqc)
>We should have a revolution in this country Weird how [Bernie Sanders](https://newrepublic.com/article/137895/next-phase-bernies-revolution-already-begun) and his supporters frequently used the exact same language on his campaign trail... Are you equally terrified of Bernie Sanders supporters? >We should march on Washington Are you really implying that "marching on washington" is indicitive of intent to cause violence? Maybe educate yourself on some of the many times people with a strong cause marched on washington in peaceful protest. You didn't dispute that fraud has already occured this cycle, so why should we believe it won't occur again? Trump would be a fool to blindly accept the result in light of what has been revealed so far.
> its not like Trump is claiming he is going to stage a violent insurrection Well, if you don't accept that our elections are fair and the US political system is so fundamentally corrupt that a true peaceful transition of power is impossible, you are pretty much suggesting that violent insurrection is the only available alternative.
>you are pretty much suggesting No that is what *you* are suggesting. Do you dispute the fact that fraud has occured?
> Do you dispute the fact that fraud has occured? Yes, and nearly every independent study shows that there is 0 evidence that widespread [electoral fraud has occurred in the last few decades.](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/oct/17/donald-trump/donald-trumps-pants-fire-claim-large-scale-voter-f/) But seriously, if there is a nationwide conspiracy to rig every poll, every election, and every media outlet in favor of Hillary Clinton -- what do you suggest that people do about that? If you invalidate every peaceful way to enacting political change, the only viable alternative for people is violence.
Regardless of what Politifact says (obviously no agenda there, lol), there is literally video and written evidence of fraud occurring. Bernie Sanders alleged this. Prominent democrats *have been fired for this*. It happened. >what do you suggest that people do about that? There are many ways to peacefully enact change. You keep implying that not accepting the result of the election is somehow going to impede a peaceful transition of power and spark violence. Perhaps Trump loses and simply says "I don't believe the results of this election are legitimate because of x, y and z evidence." Clinton would still be sworn in and the American public would be able to do with that information what they please. I'm confused though because its almost like you are implying that, if fraud *is* proven, we should simply do nothing...
> Regardless of what Politifact says (obviously no agenda there, lol), there is literally video and written evidence of fraud occurring. Bernie Sanders alleged this. Prominent democrats have been fired for this. It happened. Please actually read the Politico article and the studies they link to. If you find any methodological problems with these studies, let me know. However, if some youtube video convinces you that the entire US electoral system is rigged over multiple scientific studies I think we are at a complete deadlock over what constitutes evidence. > its almost like you are implying that, if fraud is proven, we should simply do nothing... The kind of electoral fraud Trump suggests is unprecedented in American history and if true, would suggest corruption on the level of what we see in 3rd world countries and dictatorships. If it is true, then the logical conclusion of this line of reasoning is that there is no way to change the American political system through the democratic process, which basically only leaves political violence or revolution as a means of change.
Why did Hilary laugh at Saudi Arabia killing gay people? It seems really odd.
sometimes when adults laugh its not because they find something funny or like what they are hearing, sometimes its a reaction to something incredulous...such as the GOP nominee pretending to care about gay peoples rights.
Right? You get to do one of two things: * care about gay people's rights or * select Mike Pence as a running mate So pandering to the three people in the US who care about gay folks and who are undecided in this election by proclaiming that Hillary supports countries who are throwing "the gays" off of buildings is totally worthy of incredulous laughter.
She wasn't laughing at the killings. She was laughing at the absurd notion that she was somehow responsible.
Because she was being accused of being responsible for what a sovereign foreign government does. It was a laughable accusation. It's also ironic that a party that has been rabidly anti-LGBTQ rights all of the sudden claims to care about human rights.
She probably shouldnt help them so much if they are anti human rights though right? It seems really off putting shes ok with gay people being massacred overseas but ok with american gay people?
When did Hillary say she's okay with gay people being massacred overseas? What the fuck are you talking about? As far as I know, nearly every major speech she gave as Secretary of State included advocacy for human rights, women's rights, LGBTQ rights, and so on. Also, we don't "help" those countries because they kill gay people. We cooperate with those countries in spite of their human rights record, but often do so in a limited way. For example, we trade with China, one of the largest economies in the world. China has a relatively horrific human rights record. Are you advocating that the US no longer have relations with any nation in the world that abuses human rights? If so, our economy would be in immediate free fall.
Trump did great and had Clinton visibly shaken and upset during this debate. I wish his performance for the first two were as tame as this one. Clinton is a turd.
>Trump did great and had Clinton visibly shaken and upset during this debate. >Clinton is a turd. We've found the person who has the dankest shit to burn.
> turd. gives a hint at the age of this poster
Your lack of proper capitalization and sentence structure gives a hint towards your age.
You are obviously not viewing this objectively.
LOL Yeah right
I saw the exact opposite. She actually answered the questions, and baited him into a total melt down.
Nah, she got quite flustered and upset. He got under her skin. She's terrible.
Clinton won all 3 debates. Bye bye, deplorable.
Nah, I think Trump came out ahead in the last two. Of course, opinions are like assholes.
They resemble Trump's mouth?
Clinton has giant fucking balls talking about accepting results of "free & fair" elections when it's been shown she's rigged the media. How can you have "free & fair" elections when it's been shown there is no "free & fair" media??
what?
How was it shown that she has "rigged the media"? I'm not trying to be confrontational, I'm genuinely curious.
Her ads playing trump talking shit is a sign of shit being rigged. But it's ok, when he becomes president he will put in her in jail /s
Okay, we got it the first three times you posted this. Just posting the same thing over and over is super low-energy.
What are you even talking about?
Did i hit my head? Cause i just saw this exact comment so i must be seeing double
If you change the channel from FOX and turn off Rush you will find "free & fair" media.
you mean like politico? There isn't a single press outlet that doesn't have hacks working for Clinton
Not agreeing with the dude, but that's complete bullshit.
Are you just going to repeat this same thing over and over? Do you...do you have any original thoughts on this matter?
How long are you going to keep reposting the same comments over and over again tonight?
Yes, we've heard you say that multiple times already
"it's been shown"
By smart people. The best people. Beautiful people I've known for years.
the same people that posted collateral murder
Historically in all areas of life a negative isn't enough to create a large enough reason to show up. You will see come election day. This race is very very close. Btw I'm not a Trump supporter. I hate both and won't be voting for either.
If you're not voting for either, your the problem.
What's worse than voting someone you don't believe in? Parties aside, the President is the the head honcho, right? The person who leads the ship. The person who when shit hits the fan you are going to go to and ask them "YO WTF?! WHAT'S GOING ON?!?" ...that's the President right? The leader of the United States of America? If you don't believe that leader you're voting for is going to look you in the eyes and say "Let's fucking rally and go because we are the U S of fucking A" (or something to that effect) and motivate you to fight for what you believe in....then WHY the fuck are you even voting? You're the fucking problem.
If neither candidate is worth the vote why vote for them?
One is always going to be worse than the other overall.
Fair enough but if someone doesn't believe that being the least awful candidate is enough to deserve the position then why should they reward that person with a vote. And if they aren't voting for them who else is there? What's the point if your vote is ultimately pointless and neither candidate deserves the position.
I guess to me it seems self-evident that we should act the best we can based on the way the world is, regardless of how we wish it was. If you refuse to vote for the lesser of two evils that means you'd rather help the greater of two evils win. Why would any rational person ever want that? What does deserving have to do with anything, really?
No, the problem is the first past the post election system we have. A lot of people's preferred candidate was taken away. Clinton will win but if she somehow couldn't beat Trump after all the scandals and shitty behavior he's indulged in then she doesn't deserve to be president. Ridiculing people for voting their conscience is nonsense.
From the elections I've watched you're definitely right. One way or another, go vote.
I'm sorry but I completely disagree with this attitude. A lot of people think their vote doesn't count, as it will always be cancelled out by someone voting for the other guy, or that by putting their vote on a candidate that will never win they are standing up for your principals-real life doesn't work that way. Get out and vote and make it count. Your vote could make all the difference in your state when it is stacked with the other 3-10% of people voting for a 3rd party.
For someone who claims to not be voting, you seem to be posting an awful lot of top level comments
Shh, he thinks he's replying to people.
Lol. I'm an idiot for this. I'm on the app and never posted or replyed using it.
Hey, you got there in the end.
If hillary is "confident of a win" its only because the DNC dirty tricks squad has enough fraudulent votes lined up to make actual human voters irrelevant. If she somehow manages to win, watch out, she will go full tilt tyrant with no bounds. The clinton crime family respects no law on earth.
hahahahha
So you're saying Trump isn't strong enough to stop the DNC's dirty tricks? SAD!
She's confident because Trump and the Republican Party are heading for historic losses across the board. The party did this to themselves and it's time to pay the piper.
Clear to see that Hillary has been doing this for decades. Trump is the better candidate. Hillary is just better at acting like she is the better candidate. Trump cares, Hillary is a scripted robot that has done worse while Secretary of State. The middle east is worse than what it was before her reign. Our relationship with China and Russia is getting worse by the day. The only big problem I have with Trump is his lack of care about fighting hard for clean energy and addressing the global warming dilemma.
> The only big problem I'm just curious, you agree with Trump's trickle down economic, cutting tax for the rich? Just a simple yes/no would suffice.
It's not that simple. Though I do believe tax cuts are good for everyone, even the wealthy. We need to cut spending. Another reason I don't like Trump, he wants to grow the military. The military-industrial mindset will destroy the middle class due to the tax dollars we spend to grow it. Hillary will do the same so either way we will see more wars. And I want to say that I am not a Trump "supporter" as much as a Hillary hater. I truly believe Hillary will be the worst thing that has ever happened. She is an internationalist who will say anything and change nothing. (I will not be voting for Trump or Hillary)
So that's a yes then. No need to defend your position, I'm just asking, not trying to persuade anyone of anything.
> The only big problem I have with Trump is his lack of care about fighting hard for clean energy and addressing the global warming dilemma. That's a pretty huge problem. That alone should disqualify him outright.
Yes, but the movement for clean energy is so strong that I think he has no factor in its progression. The other big thing that needs to be addressed is corporate lobbying, which Trump addresses and wants to fix. Clinton is the product of it. She is bought.
> Clinton is the product of it. She is bought. Yet she is opposed to *Citizens United* which allows for unlimited dark money contributions through SuperPACs. What side of the issue is Mr. Trump on again? > To be fair the vast majority of the stuff he talks about... Immigration, taxes etc are not handled by the POTUS but by congress. Exactly but what is handled by POTUS? Policy. (Clean) Energy. Environmental regulation. The things that /u/thadorklife actually said he cares about. So we've established that Mr. Trump talks about issues that he cannot control but doesn't discuss the issues that are within his power, other than the potential of one or more SCOTUS nominees. I understand that we have issues in this country and folks economically left behind by globalization and other issues but Trump really isn't the answer. More tax breaks for the wealthy result in increasing income inequality. Less environmental regulation results in more pollution.
> More tax breaks for the wealthy result in increasing income inequality. Tax breaks and income inequality means more corporate control. And more corporate control means that no matter how large the popular momentum for clean energy, addressing climate change won't happen. Why don't we instead vote for the person whose platform includes (in unambiguous terms) mobilizing for climate change the way we did for World War II?
To be fair the vast majority of the stuff he talks about... Immigration, taxes etc are not handled by the POTUS but by congress. So he's just feeding you bullshit on a scale not even Hillary is matching.
This is the biggest thing I genuinely don't understand about Trump supporters- What makes you think he cares about you any more than the "establishment" politicians do? When, prior to this election cycle, has he ever worked for the interests of the average person?
How is someone who trusts Alex Jones and Russian propaganda over US intel agencies a "better candidate"?
Bullshit. Trump doesn't care about a damn thing that isn't him or his bank account.
"One word to define Hillary" "Truth" My sides.
When compared to Trump, she a saint!
Go to any fact checker and compare the two.
Hillary has shown herself to be a shining beacon of virtue compared to Trump. Madam President.
Are you serious? Holy crap, no way.
So no one wants to talk about the emails then? No?
They were talked about in past debates and Trump has had plenty opportunity to continue bringing to up to her. I guess no one wants to talk about emails, you're right, not even Trump cares enough to mention now either.
Please "Billionaire," proceed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BrBXcKcviuc
Nobody except for the alt-right and Fox News fan base cares much for over-hyped emails.
Donald Trump obviously didn't. He recites his 30k deleted emails line but can't even say why that's a bad thing or expand any further. If you have anyone to blame for no one discussing it, blame the guy who can't form an effective attack over it.
Yea idk he brings them up and I guess expects the moderator to start going in on her or something
