As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil) * Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks) * Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail. * In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users. * Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not. Incivility results in escalating bans from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own. *** *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Dear Bot, [This is an accurate summary of the 2016 General](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUC2EQvdzmY) We're long past civility.
HI BOT. NIce to see you again. You are witnessing history in the making. How does that make you feel ? 010001101 010011010111001000010100101010101010101?
Literally what the fuck is even going on in this election. I've read the link and half the comments and I still have no idea what is ACTUALLY happening here.
Hillary mishandled classified material on and ran a private email server. The FBI investigated. They said that they were going to recommend not indicting and told Congress that the investigation was closed. They later find emails that may be related to the Clinton investigation on Wiener's laptop. It may be nothing or it could be something. Comey writes a letter to Congress informing them that since they are looking into these emails he would like to amend his statement to Congress that the investigation was closed. This is unusual because the FBI doesn't usually make these updates in this kind of situation. Harry Reid has said that he believes Comey has violated the Hatch Act. The Hatch Act bans member of the executive branch, aside from a few key members, from engaging in political acts. Comey is in a tough spot because his statement that the investigation was closed is being used by Clinton and her supporters to defend her. Now that is not exactly true which he feels is misleading to the voters. This also has the effect, intentional or not, of helping the Trump campaign. This is why he has been accused by Harry Reid of violating the Hatch Act.
I don't see why telling Congress the investigation is closed is any less a political act than telling Congress the investigation is opened.
Nothing is happening. Which is what Comey's letter stated - there is a computer owned by the husband of a Clinton aide, it looks like it has emails on it, they are going to look at the emails, and they are not aware at this time of anything actually significant in the emails. It's just 'we are going to be reviewing some more documents."
There is no concrete information because the FBI didn't even have access to the emails when they made the original announcement. They were derelict in making that clear.
Look for other sources outside of Reddit. For any sort of controversial topic(such as elections) you should diversify your news sources to see the whole story.
I really want the book someone here must be writing with the leaks in order, cast of charachters, in context with what's happening and results. I can hardly keep track and would really like it put together in a book Oh, you're doing that? Thanks.
I don't mean to sound like a conspiracy whacko and don't think any of this is really 'coordinated', but the lack of a coherent narrative, the presence of seemingly contradictory narratives, the introduction of important characters and events long after they actually happened/in a non-linear narrative and the continual flood of information due to 24 hour access is working against the American public in a bad way. Some people who can take time to map this shit out and post it on reddit can maybe get a sense of what is going on, but the average voter doesn't come here/read like the best 1% that followed events (and are somewhat impartial enough) to summarize it decently for the rest of us. This fire-hydrant of information flow is only going to get worse.
Moving to Canada only for a moment of clarity is becoming all too real for me.
Hillary did some stuff with some emails she wasn't supposed to. People found out. The FBI investigated. Recommended no indictment. Now they've found more emails so Comey reported to Congress as he's supposed to. Got a warrant. Now we're here waiting to see what the fuck is going on. Probably nothing will come of this.
>Hillary did some stuff with some emails she wasn't supposed to. This is like saying "Hitler did some stuff with Zyklon B that he wasn't supposed to.". Hillary did a series of things with her emails that are incredibly suspicious. At best they demonstrate complete inability to properly handle classified information, at worst demonstrate a deliberate desire to hide information and obstruct investigations from congressional oversight committees. The first time around, the FBI went with the "best case" scenario and determined that she was simply incompetent or, in their words, "extremely reckless". However, a new collection of emails have been discovered, one that she did not have the ability to "sanitize" prior to being looked at by the FBI, which republicans hope will shed new light and reveal the crimes that she had been trying to hide.
Again, I was trying to give a very simple summary of what's going on.
It's the content of the emails that matter. Stop trying to downplay it
I was trying to write the most basic explanation I could about the situation.
Nothing will come out of it because of some Hillary/FBI collusion conspiracy, or nothing will come of it because there was nothing worth indictment conspiracy?
Uhhh I don't know whats in the new emails and I don't work for the FBI... conspiracy
Noone outside of the FBI can answer that. Anyone attempting to talking out their ass.
Yes
> Hillary did some stuff with some emails she wasn't supposed to. More like Hillary continued a short-lived tradition in new technology, and was the first person to deal with possible consequences of it.
Good. Maybe people in the government will encrypt their shit and start taking security seriously then. And it doesn't matter that other people do it. I see people break traffic laws every day at work, should I start running stop signs?
I am more worried about her trying to dodge FoIA requests than someone hacking her email.
Are you implying she didn't have protocol or signed papers saying she knew how to handle classified information? You're speaking as if she is some old senile lady. She knew what rules she was breaking.
It was an unclassified server for unclassified mail dude...
So then why were there classified emails on it? That's a straight up lie. Don't lie to people.
Bro he gets paid to do that. Don't steal bread from his mouth. He's just trying to keep the record clear :D
Seriously? The shill bullshit? you can do better than that. Sorry if pointing out a simple fact causes you so much trouble.
It's not a lie. There's two seperate issues here: 1. The server. Her story is that she couldn't have two accounts on her Blackberry and she didn't want to send personal emails through a work address. It's not much different than if she had used a third party email service. Completely plausible all around. 2. Classified info. It's not supposed to go through the State Department email either. There was some, the FBI concluded that there was no intent and that they wouldn't have recommended indictment for anybody in these circumstances. Disciplinary action would be appropriate but she's no longer there so that's out. It doesn't matter if it's private server or State Department, the problem was using *email* for classified info. So why was there classified info? Because people make mistakes would be my guess, it's just that digital mistakes tend to stick around more than misplacing a folder or other physical mishandling would.
Its called spillage and it happens routinely. There are classified emails on wikileaks servers doesnt make them classified servers. The recipient is NEVER gone after in cases of spillage. Even the sender is unlikely to get more than a slap on the wrist unless there is a history of violations. The servers she used were on the unclassified web for unclassified email How about YOU not lie to anyone.
"113 contained classified information, and three of those had classification markers." Comey himself said that *some* of the 113 emails she should have known were classified but the majority was understandable
There weren't laws against private servers regardless of information classification when she repurposed bills equipment .
"Probably nothing will come of this" is somewhere between 30-70% of the analyses I've read, sadly. Thus the confusion in my parent comment
They'll perhaps have a better idea of some of the emails that were deleted.
> reported to Congress as he's supposed to. that point is hotly debated still, i think.
Lol no. Just Hillary doing the same thing she does to anyone who gets in her way, assassinate their character, project her own crimes onto them. No one really believes that the director of the fbi would do something like this if it wasn't serious and if it was illegal to do so.
glad to know that multiple people who hate hillary clinton would be suddenly on her side and just to assassinate his character as well. Leave your partisan bickering aside please, b/c i'm bored and don't care enough about it, this has larger ramifications than just 1 election. The FBI's own integrity is being called into question.
Yeah the fbi's integrity is being called into question by people under investigation who have consistently called into question the integrity of every single person who investigates them. It is a clear pattern, Clinton tries to defend herself by suggesting that everyone who investigates her is part of some big conspiracy against her.
Not really. It's being called into question by a lot republicans and dems who are currently NOT being under investigation. Just because it's **also** coming from the lips of someone who many consider the she-devil, doesn't mean it's wrong.
It shouldn't be. Comey was under oath when he testified before the Congressional Oversight Committee saying the investigation had concluded. If he were to change that without notice, it breaks that oath and becomes a possible perjury claim by either side...Republicans mad that he let her off easy the first time and is just hiding this so he can do it again and/or Democrats mad that it's strictly political and a witch hunt. Comey was in a no win situation. He had to make it aware...despite the fallout he knew would come from it.
yes, yes it is. 1.) it breaks with tradition. 2.) it now looks like he's trying to swing the election, which opens a lot of discussion on fbi itself as an institution 3.) he **didn't know at the time if the emails were relevant or not** The warrant to wiener's email **probably** did not allow for the scope of looking through her emails. And if they did take a peek, they shouldn't know the nature of them without opening them up entirely. If the FBI agents got the warrant to allow them to look for evidence to expand their scope of search to relevant information on Clinton's usage of her email account, THEN found some new detail. And then he updated congress, sure, I would probably agree with the argument. But he didn't at the time, he didn't know how relevant the emails he has were. If anything in his letter(s) indicates that he or his agents read those emails before warrant, hey suppression of evidence, and that will be on his head.
The case was never actually closed though. If he reported to congress before, the case stayed open, then more info was found, seems reasonable to report on the new info.
Well.. he *is* supposed to report an update to congress, but only because of the specific language he used during his senate testimony essentially forcing him to inform congress of any updates to the investigation as it happens. Had he followed FBI protocol and not commented about an ongoing investigation, there would have been no need to inform Congress about the update.
It is. I'd personally like it if he is more deferential to congress than to his DoJ handlers.
The case was never closed. If it's pertinent to Hillary's case, it absolutely should have been brought up to congress.
There's no debate. His colleagues advised him not to, and its arguably a violation of the Hatch Act
I think it all hinges on whether or not there is compelling preliminary evidence to warrant going public right before the election - we don't really know what the FBI is looking at right now so can't really say.
The anonymous sources say they're emails that huma forwarded from another of her email accounts so she could print, presumably the state department one since it's really annoying to get shit off there (mostly of infrastructure not classification). This is mostly b/c hillary prefers to read things in paper format. My bias hope is most of it are copies of emails they've already looked at and we get news within the next 2-3 days on their findings.
> My bias hope I kind of wish it could be something that made both candidates ineligible, like hillary arranging for trump to be a plant or something.
>evidence to warrant going public right before the election I don't get this. What did he go public with? All he said is 'we found some new stuff that may be related to this case' It's not like he publicly said he thinks the new evidence will lead to an indictment, or prove guilt, or anything that actually weighs in on the evidence. Why is there so much frenzy over a two paragraph memo sent to amend a previous sworn testimony?
> Why is there so much frenzy over a two paragraph memo sent to amend a previous sworn testimony? Because Trump fans have been wishing for a miracle for a couple months now and this is their best hope, they want it to be catastrophic for Clinton so much that they start letting their imaginations run wild before there is even any reason to think one way or the other.
after all, only people with active imagination and disconnect with reality can really support Trump. oh boy this thread is full of wankers from /r/The_Donald, lol
[deleted]
>This thread is literally AIDs. I wish Clinton Foundation would help treat it. The S in AIDS is capitalized. It stands for syndrome.
They have been flooding the subreddit all day. It's pretty disgusting how much idiocy is being spewed all over the place.
Why don't y'all do this on /r/hillaryclinton and keep this sub neutral?
You can complain about a lack of neutrality when there is a justifiable reason to have a neutral discussion about the current presidential candidates. Because as of right now, we have an average candidate running against what may well be the worst candidate we have seen in decades. If this were a race against Hillary and Jeb, Bernie and Cruz, or literally any one fucking else, I could see myself agreeing with the idea of the discussion being more neutral. But this is a race that has trump in it. The idea that there should be neutrality when we have such a disgustingly bad candidate making an ass of this entire nation is simply laughable.
It's not just his fans. Apparently some emails on Weiner's computer are "worse than Watergate." He doesn't need to know what's in the emails to determine that.
nobody said that but drumpf.
> Why is there so much frenzy over a two paragraph memo sent to amend a previous sworn testimony? From one side, because it means they were right and Hillary could be removed from the election. From the other side, there are rules in place about doing this in election season and he probably went past them.
Put it this way, until today and him getting a warrant, he shouldn't know what's in the emails. The right time to go to congress is after he knew if he had anything - given that he had already gone though tens of thousands of emails with nothing found. Pushing it after the election would have saved his job. As it is, he's toast.
Trump has been pushing the narrative that Clinton's emails are evidence of a massive conspiracy and cover-up by a corrupt establishment. For the past several weeks he has literally been running on the platform of putting Hillary in jail *because* of the emails. Any sort of investigation into the emails at this point lends an air of legitimacy to Trump's message and makes it appear as if Clinton was lying. Comey's actions potentialy violate the Hatch Act, which states that public officials may take no steps to influence the outcome of the election using the powers granted to them by their office. At this point in the game you either move against a candidate with rock solid evidence of wrongdoing or keep your mouth shut. As the director of the FBI, every statement Comey makes regarding the actions of FBI are significant. Director Comey sent the notice to Republican Congressmen even though he had no obligation to do so, the Attorney General opposed the decision, the FBI had not even secured permission to associate the documents with the Clinton investigation (no warrant), and with the intention of the letter being published. In the letter Comey stated that he wrote the letter because he did not want to "mislead the American people." The only possible interpretation of that line is Comey expected the Congressmen he sent the letter to to publish the letter. So now we have a sitting FBI director claim that there was FBI activity relating to the Clinton case, but is utterly incapable of providing details. Comey is a staunch Republican and has participated in investigations against Clinton in the past, which means he has a well-known and documented bias against Clinton. This paints a clear picture of the James Comey using his position of FBI director to manipulate primary topic of political news coverage to a subject that favors Trump less than two weeks before the election. The frenzy is not over the specifics of what Comey said, its the fact that Comey violated the Hatch Act by saying *anything*. EDIT: Thank you kindly, stranger.
Reid is an idiot and beyond corrupt. FYI if you ever saw the movie 'Casino' - Reid was involved in the real life shit that movie was based on. Anyhow, Comey wouldn't have done this unless it was something huge. So buckle up and get ready for President Trump.
>FYI if you ever saw the movie 'Casino' - Reid was involved in the real life shit that movie was based on. Source? Sounds interesting. Isn't he a Mormon? They're not against gambling?
Reid was the chairman of the Nevada Gaming Commission. Fun fact, someone tried to bribe him while he was chairman, so he called the FBI and had them arrest the guy in the middle of him trying to bribe Reid.
Your bias is glaring! He has no idea what is in the emails. So your statement is incorrect.
>Comey's actions potentialy violate the Hatch Act, which states that public officials may take no steps to influence the outcome of the election using the powers granted to them by their office. lmfao at this "logic". whether he does this now, 3 months ago, or in the primaries, it will influence the election. if he has her tried the court will be "influencing the election". if she gets pulled over drunk driving the night before a debate the cop will be "influencing the election". the hatch law isnt some magical law that prevents people from doing their fucking jobs or makes people exempt from the law and you clearly have zero understanding of it.
Thank you for correcting the record
what an intelligent and witty response
> Comey's actions potentialy violate the Hatch Act, which states that public officials may take no steps to influence the outcome of the election using the powers granted to them by their office. At this point in the game you either move against a candidate with rock solid evidence of wrongdoing or keep your mouth shut. >participated in investigations against Clinton in the past, which means he has a well-known and documented bias against Clinton. In what capacity? Was he acting as an investigator looking for facts, or was he someone like trump spewing nonsense? If he was doing his job as an FBI agent working a case that he was assigned, how does that show bias? As you pointed out, the Hatch act says you cant do anything **to** influence the election, as opposed to doing something **that** influences an election. Meaning if his actions influence the election is irrelevant, it's only relevant if he had intent to influence the election for. I'm also not sure what makes you suspect this is a "move against a candidate"? It seems like your main argument is that Comey would have known that Trump would spin this, so he should have withheld the announcement to prevent Trump from spinning it? If that is your argument, you are then suggesting the FBI/Comey are suppose to change their behavior in response to the actions of Political Candidates? That idea seems completely contradictory to the idea of an independent FBI. Why should what Trump or Clinton do have any influence at all on the FBI? Comey's job should not be to baby sit Trump to make sure he doesn't lie or say stupid shit. This could probably be resolved by answering a simple question: is it common to update/amend sworn testimonies when facts change that would make statements given under oath false?
Comey's actions in no way violate the Hatch act. There is absolutely zero chance that he would ever be charged with any violation related to this.
Senator Reid disagrees, as do several legal experts. http://www.cnn.com/2016/10/30/politics/harry-reid-letter-hatch-act/index.html http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/30/opinion/on-clinton-emails-did-the-fbi-director-abuse-his-power.html
Oh, I stand corrected. Senator Reid disagrees. That settles it then.
I seem to remember "several legal experts" thinking that Clinton was in hot shit over the initial email scandal, and we all know how that turned out. I doubt anything will happen, to either Comey or Clinton.
I mean, most legal experts were actually pretty sure Clinton wasn't in hot shit, if only for the simplest reason of how Petreaus was treated. If you mean the ones reddit upvoted to the high heavens during the primary, it was pretty much Napolitano on fox who said that.
Your analysis is severely opinionated. The truth of the matter is that whether or not he was required to send that letter to congress is a [contested point](http://heavy.com/news/2016/10/james-comey-fired-fbi-director-hillary-clinton-email-private-server-influence-election/). One that you have no inside information to confirm at this time. Additionally as stated in the previously linked article, he did not himself share this letter with the American people. It was leaked which certainly undermines the line of thought regarding him attempting to influence the election. Additionally, Comey is [no longer a registered Republican](http://www.politico.com/blogs/james-comey-testimony/2016/07/what-party-is-james-comey-registered-as-225223), as stated in the original hearing he had when he had to answer to congress. He did not send this letter [only to Republicans](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/oct/30/hillary-clinton/clinton-wrongly-says-fbi-director-sent-letter-abou/). The potential violation of the Hatch act is also contested, and I assume contingent on whether or not he was required to update Congress on the ([still ongoing](http://www.npr.org/2016/10/30/499960392/5-things-we-know-about-the-fbi-clinton-email-inquiry-and-4-things-we-dont)) Clinton investigation. This is something we should let the experts handle. Unless you can cite sources and facts to back your claims, please do not taut them as truth. *Disclaimer: I don't want to vote for any of these idiots. I think it's important to state only what we know for fact, as I have done here. It's upsetting that I need to add this disclaimer.
"Any sort of investigation into the emails at this point lends an air of legitimacy to Trump's message and makes it appear as if Clinton was lying." Has to be corrected. If an investigation into a potential crime "plays into the hands of the opposite politician", you have missunderstood the issue. This is literally working for Hillary. If she has done nothing wrong, she has to fear nothing, right? But in any case, we also have to say that "ceasing an investigation into a crime" plays directly into Hillarys hands, because a conspiracy could never ever get someone to not investigate a crime. Only if a politician is completely and utterly cleared of any suspicion would someone ever cease any investigation. Personally, I compare this to investigations into random acts of police violence. If you are innocent, you have nothing to fear from an investigation. Hell, lets take a seat back. If you are a policeman, that shot an unarmed black person, in police custody, even an investigation into your behavior may not neccesarily say you are guilty. The point is, then it is what the court says. If you however chose to say, okay, lets take this investigation out, and lets drag it, and lets hand in a motion for XYZ, and lets hand in this that will elongate the investigation, ect... Or, retrospectively, if you make dubious side deals that allow destruction of evidence of possible crimes, If you meet with people close to the investigation and have hour long talks with them, if your campaign wires lots of money to the wife of an investigator, and if you basically do everything but say, hey, I would prefer you wouldn't investigate it that much, this is also not evidence of innocence. I would fairly say, let there be an investigation. After all, there has to be one NOW. Or else someone that is possibly a criminal will just make the investigation disappear. If the investigation if of course showing that Clinton deliberately did this, I would expect her to drop out of the race and hand the presidency over to Trump. The same way that I would expect, if the invcestigation shows her to be innocent, Trump should accept the verdict. But I would rather have doubt cast onto the character of the applicants for higest office of America, then on the highest office itself.
This is a really good breakdown.
Why is Comey so bias against Clinton and not Obama, though? Is it because she's a woman?
So are you saying he potentially violated it or that he did violate it? I only ask because you made both statements.
I'm glad someone gilded this. I think people are really missing the point when they say that Comey was just doing his job. There is much more to take into account here - which OP lays out very well. It was a bit irresponsible to say the least that Comey basically reopened up the most controversial issue with Clinton with little information and so close to Election Day. Also worth noting that since this isn't going to be resolved before Election Day, then why even bother with an ostensible memo about the investigation before any information - for or against Clinton - at this point? It seems they had been sitting on the information for a few weeks according to some sources, so the timing is really just poor. Again, important to note the innuendo associated with Comey's memo - though it is very matter-of-fact, there is inevitably a lot that can be misinterpreted from it, which seems like Trump has heavily taken advantage of. As many have also pointed out, it is also part of Comey's job to be aware of the context of his memo and how people will react, whether it be logically and grounded in facts or not. Comey has really failed to keep the politics out of this issue imo.
> important to note the innuendo associated with Comey's memo What innuendo is that? I saw references to the 'innuendo' in the NYT and WaPro article too, but I don't see how his words can be taken to mean anything other than what he said, basically "we found some stuff we are now looking into"
i believe Comey has stated that he is no longer a registered republican.
And if he really had it out for Clinton like that guy suggested, why wouldn't he have recommended indictment the first time when he even said she fucked up?
> why wouldn't he have recommended indictment the first time when he even said she fucked up? Because there wasn't enough evidence to convict her?
It's worth pointing out that Comey gave a highly unusual testimony hammering Clinton for how she had handled the emails, despite the fact that he wasn't recommending indictment. So even before, when he was indicating that there wasn't sufficient grounds to carry the case forward, he was trying to make political hay out of it. In other words, his involvement in the investigation has reeked of partisanship from the start.
> In the letter Comey stated that he wrote the letter because he did not want to "mislead the American people." The only possible interpretation of that line is Comey expected the Congressmen he sent the letter to to publish the letter. That's what makes me most crazy. The internal letter was a lot more restrained than the one he sent to Republicans. He was clearly capable of writing the letter more clearly, he just chose not to.
>than the one he sent to Republicans. He sent it to both parties.
He sent it to the Republicans first. They were already tweeting about it before the Democrats got their copies.
Even the Clinton campaign has said that this was false. They were all on the same letter.
Whether or not there *should* be a frenzy, clearly there is. Given everything we've seen, this is exactly the sort of thing that leads to a frenzy. This is why there's policies in place against announcing this sort of thing right before an election. I mean, I'd get it if she murdered someone or something. But this is "there are emails." From her? To her? Related to her server? Different from previous emails? No idea, there are just some emails.
To be fair, the FBI has no idea what's in the emails yet, so you're pretty much caught up.
Haha thanks, that actually IS helpful
My thought exactly. Same bits of news being regurgitated in different ways by different websites with little or no meaning or significance.
What I want to know is this. What happens if Hillary is elected and then she is the president presiding over the Justice Department which must then decide whether or not to prosecute her. Does anybody know?
It would be considered a conflict of interest so a special prosecutor, or special counsel would be picked. They are chosen by the Attorney General though...what a country. I think it's much like what happened under Bill Clinton. Janet Reno picked a guy and in six months he concluded there was nothing wrong. Congress cried foul, and reopened investigations. Another independent counsel was chosen, and you ended up with Ken Starr and Clinton caught in a lie.
Turn off CNN, ABC, MSNBC, FOX. Stop reading NYT and WAPO and you might actually gain some knowledge from what you read and see.
I don't visit any of them purposely, but when they pay for ads on Facebook and Twitter (and if my friends don't avoid them like I do), they still appear.
You mean, read the original source itself? Or read from some alt-source that claims to expose conspiracies?
Because there is little info except that which was leaked, and nearly everyone who is leaking here is doing so for partisan purposes. Leaks from the FBI are saying DOJ was stonewalling their investigation. Drudge and Breitbart and FoxNews (sorta) have picked up on that. Leaks from DOJ are saying Comey was warned not to reveal the investigation until after the election and that he violated protocol in doing so. ABC/NBC/CBS/CNN/MSNBC/NYT/ETC. all went with that info instead.
Its always FBI protocol not to talk about investigations. In other words you get investigated, they dont charge you and you never find out they were investigating you. Here Comey came out and briefed the world. When he did he promised congress he would update them. Doing so means if he waited he could be in contempt and R's would claim he waited on purpose.
The FBI is part of the DoJ. Might help to be more specific about where the DoJ leaks are coming from. Just a little confusing.
Whether the leakers are doing so for partisan reasons matters little compared to the content of the leaks.
This is the brass tacks right here
The leaks have no content. Only a notice that they will be figuring out what the content is in the future.
Not a leak. Found in FBI investigation. But youre absolutely right.
Well? Whats so damning?
I agree.
Motivation should certainly be factored in, as we're only seeing what the leaker *wants* us to see. They leaked certain material for a particular reason, and didn't leak other material. So motivation definitely matters.
Let me guess, when DNC officials are caught on video saying things like "We have *mentally ill people we pay to do shit,* make no mistake," its just clever editing and smoke and mirrors
If you're referring to the O'Keefe video? Yes, I'd like to see the full, unedited footage to establish context so we can actually tell what they're talking about. O'Keefe has a track record of deceptively editing his videos to make people seem to say things they aren't actually saying because of lack of context and editing. If the full, unedited footage is released, then we can have an actual conversation about it. But they won't release the unedited footage - think about why that may be.
[deleted]
The fact that O'Keefe has a track record of editing benign content into something damning also shows a lot. He has a reputation of misrepresenting statements to create false narratives. Because of his long standing reputation as a deceiver, I think it's fair to place the burden of proof on him to show the complete, unedited conversations to prove his statements. He very clearly has an agenda and has edited the video to serve that agenda. If nothing else, the music, cuts, and effects used in that video demonstrate that he's out to prove something, not just "expose the truth".
If you watch the video, its exceedingly easy to see their entire conversation is in the context of the strategies they employ to disrupt trump rallies. Also I'd be interested to hear what "benign situation" he was *actually* referring to when talking about "paying mentally ill people to do shit," before all the clever editing was done? Lol this is a fucking DNC official.
Just like the Acorn official that was helping Okeefe with human trafficking. He certainly said that it was better to cross in a particular area because he knew people there.
i mean, i understand things can be edited out of context which completely changes the narrative.. but some of the worse things said in the O'keefe videos were one off statements that were filmed continuously (especially the first video, i will admit the subsequent videos do have a bit more editing). There's not really much that context could do to help. like what context do you think unedited footage could provide that makes it ok for when they say "we have mentally il people we pay to do shit, make no mistake"? for him to continue on stating that they pay them well and buy them a hotel room? that doesn't make a difference, it doesn't negate the fact that they're coordinating with hillary's campaign to hire people to manipulate the media. seriously, i hear this edited footage argument all the time, but nobody seems to be able to come up with some hypothetical example of what context could make the statements okay.
Maybe they weren't talking about politics at all and instead discussing a personally owned back alley bum fight organization.
Back when I had employees, we had the "it never should have left your mouth" litmus test in our employment policy. I fired one because they said something indefensible, the fact that they said it was "a joke" didn't matter. Even based on the tape shown, there is no ethical excuse for the things said.
It will be turned over as evidence in the trials. Then we'll get a look at the whole deal.
"Sorry boys, that informant only told us about the crimes he wanted us to pursue, let's not investigate."
Uhm what? Yeah they're going to pick certain things to leak because there are certain things that people are going to care more about than others. That has nothing to do with partisanship, that's exactly what the entire journalism industry does.
And it matters little *compared* to the content.
I understand some things may need context, but a lot of the time the leaker gives only what is necessary
Or less than what is necessary. By concealing some things and removing context you can create a false narrative just as easily as you can by adding lies.
You can't assume that is the case here
Given how we know basically nothing I can make whatever assumption I want and there are no facts to disprove it. That's actually the problem.
As long as you understand your assumptions are painted by bias, yes you can assume whatever you like.
>You can't assume that is the case here Assumptions of any kind are bad, generally.
the leaks are being dumped in chunks every day and you have to manually look through a lot of mundane stuff before you get the gold. nothing that's come out of the leaks has been spoon fed. go look through them yourself if you want
*With CNN prior authorization
but if one bit/document that we see is enough for prison or impeachment, would the rest even matter? the only difference it would make is if it's more negative stuff that they're not leaking. i guess they could hide stuff that might be relevant to other specific people that they want to protect. i don't know, but if we're talking about emails and selectively leaking those, then the owner of the emails could just release whatever was withheld if it really would make a difference compared to the one bombshell.
a lot of the leaks seem to be NYPD. A whole lot of officers know about this in detail, it's amazing it's been this quiet. My family is all LEO, and via credible union channels, the leaks are flying.
> but if one bit/document that we see is enough for prison or impeachment, would the rest even matter? Well yes, it would. Very much so actually.
Exactly this.
This is what upvotes are for. Saying you agree/seconding something doesn't further the discussion.
Only that's not what the upvotes are for.
oh I know, I know! upvotes are to encourage constructive posting, to push relevant/helpful comments to the top while downvoting the ones without substance/contribution not just for the stuff you agree/disagree with :D
Well put.
You have my sword!
And my axe!!
Yeah and that's a big problem. You can visit two different news sites and get the idea Hillary is about to be lined up against a wall and shot and on the second website that this isn't even worth thinking about.
Its a beautiful situation to tell where msm is controlled by the 6 major corporations. Generally all msm is under control the Big letter channels (including late night shows), washington post and daily beast are in the pan for Hillary.
For example, the headline here could just as well be the news in the Reid letter that shows the FBI investigating Trump with explosive info on his Russian ties, but for some reason the headline here is about Hillary and Comey. That's bias in journalism.
Wat? "Reid sez FBI should investigate trump" is a pretty crap angle to lead with and not really central to what's happening.
And the truth is probably somewhere in between
The average of the truth and a lie is still a lie. Unfortunately I have no idea which is the truth.
I'll give you a hint: the odds of it being the one propagated by Breitbart are 1 in a million.
The truth is that it's all a fucking mess. Things are looking up for Vermin Supreme, though.
I was strongly for Vermin Supreme until the DNC primary.
Or you can just visit the_donald and give your self a HIGH ENERGY ANEURYSM.
Based patriot
We really are the news. It's all sorts of fucked up.
We seem to be the ones who give a shit about the WikiLeaks, our discoveries make national news, and Trump himself mentioned us so... we're kind of a big deal.
Please do something to make CNN report that redditor u/DicksOutForHillary did something. I would literally cry.
The_Donald constantly makes posts titled "we made the news!" I tried posting the search results but I guess any pro Trump stuff gets Corrected here.
There is a vivid divide in this country. Propagated by the news, propagated by people aligning themselves with their "team". The news is split between Republican and Democrat. Many people are split between Republican and Democrat... if you didn't know any better you would think the entire country were republican and democrat... but they aren't. Most of the country is independant. I understand why people affiliate themselves with those two parties... but I think we all need to recognise how much damage they have done, how they have colluded to control our elections every 4 years, limiting our options to possibly two of the worst candidates I think anyone could have imagined. The American people need to abandon these party lines and remember what they have in common. Remember what brings us together instead of what is driving us apart: Endless War, terrorism, national debt, surveillance, privacy, assassination, torture, state sponsored theft from law enforcement, crooked judicial system, civil liberties, political reform, dangerous trade treaties, arming and training terrorists, punishing ineffectual intelligence apparatus, intelligence apparatus trafficking drugs, institutional racism, corrupt medical system... the list of things that can bring us together is endless. We need to recognise that and start putting aside our differences and deal with the list above because I would argue that is the biggest priority by far.
Great post.
Right on. Well said.
So you're saying we all need to vote Trump?
I find it hilarious that you manage to link so many absolutely irrelevant things to the parties, and you even claim literally everything is the fault of the political parties. No, it really isn't. Simply put, politics is almost always just a reflection of the people. In recent years there has been a little change in that, due to gerrymandering, but that's about it.
I think that/u/hazzman listed those topics as issues that all citizens are or should be concerned with, not a direct blame of any party for those issues. The problem of the two party system is it has forced an 'us vs them' mentality that prevents us from working on these issues like adults.
>prevents us It's really a one way battle. Only one part is either stuck in the stone age, or just want to obstruct the government and null any progress. >like adults Yeah, I don't know what you mean with this, but the political world is based on compromise, and no matter how much of an adult you are, the compromises don't get any easier, especially when the other party just says no.
I agree with you strongly except I don't feel like we have better options outside the two parties and there is no way I am voting for Trump (I normally vote Democrat). It's interesting, because while it's supported by data that most people identify as independent, and a large number of people are fed up with both parties, I have never seen such blind alliance to the opposing sides before. So, in a way, this election has seemed to make people "more republican" and "more democratic" - an idea often distilled into talking points in articles about the fringe in each party but that doesn't quite describe what we're experiencing. This phenomena of extreme polarization is no longer limited to the fringe.
You say you agree with him but you wont vote Trump. You need to make up your mind.
Not only that, but he said he agrees with him when the majority of the policies the guy mentioned are straight from Trump'a platform.
Eh, Trump has shitty answers to our problems. Spending more federal taxmoney on a stupid wall and trying to deport millions of people will put us further in debt. Not to mention it will tank our agricultural, restaurant, and hospitality industries. Edit: in fact, Trump would most likely increase domestic surveillance and give the police way too much power. He has an aggressive position on the use of torture, will probably torture american muslim citizens if another terrorist attack happens.
> Spending more federal taxmoney on a stupid wall and trying to deport millions of people will put us further in debt. Mexico will help pay for the wall. They have no leverage. As for going further into debt, just stop pretending that you care about the debt. It's a shallow argument for you to say debt is a reason for us to not build the wall while ignoring the incredible burden of debt that illegal immigration causes. >Not to mention it will tank our agricultural, restaurant, and hospitality industries. This argument is so bunk. To make that argument, one must assume that legal citizens never worked in these industries, which we know isn't true. Furthermore, why are you trying to condemn the illegals to life as indentured servants? Your argument implies that these people are only useful in the economy for these jobs. That's racist, yo. Or maybe your argument is that there should be a path to citizenship? So now they're legalized and the companies can't take advantage of them anymore as they have all the rights a full fledged citizen does. According to your logic that will "tank" these industries. I don't completely disagree with the issues you brought up in your edit. However, look at what Clinton and Obama have done in the Middle East and more recently, Clinton's rhetoric regarding Russia. She's no daisy in regards to these issues either.
I said I agree with his sentiment and he never said to vote Trump. You need to practice reading comprehension.
Its my opinion that if you agree with his sentiment. Trump should be your choice for president.
Enjoy your opinion. The are too many reasons to list why to not vote for Trump in addition to the ones listed in OP's comment above that Trump offers *no* solutions to.
Sentiment is not the full picture though when it comes to someone's opinions, beliefs, and actions - i.e. their character. You can easily say that you agree with Trump's sentiment but think that his character completely disqualifies him. That's not contradictory at all.
Disclaimer: I'm not an expert. Clinton has been being investigated by the FBI for violating US security by using a private, unsecured email server that was allegedly hacked. The investigation reached a head earlier this year when the FBI said that, despite extreme negligence on Clinton's part, there wasn't enough to charge her with anything. Fast forward to now and Clinton's vice chairwoman's husband (who has recently fallen under investigation after allegedly sexting an underage woman) had emails found on his laptop (which was being searched in his investigation) and so the FBI chose to inform congress that it will be supplementing its initial investigation with the newly found emails. This is controversial because, on the one hand, the FBI is supposed to inform congress of new developments of this type, but on the other hand the public is not supposed to be made aware of details of ongoing investigations so close to Election Day. There's nothing concrete which damns Clinton here, but it is a new development in a controversy which has allowed the right to label her as corrupt, shadowy, and deceitful. What isn't known yet is how many emails there are which are relevant to the case, or the content of any of the emails. The investigation will probably go far beyond Election Day.
No, the FBI did not find "extreme negligence." If they had, then they might have brought criminal charges. The standard in the statute is "gross negligence"; they noted "extreme carelessness" that, despite how the (poorly chosen) phrasing sounds, did not rise to the level of gross negligence. It may sound like splitting hairs, but there's an absolutely critical difference in this case.
Gowdy used the exact words "extreme negligence"
>but on the other hand the public is not supposed to be made aware of details of ongoing investigations so close to Election Day. Why? Shouldnt we know if a candidate has participated in illegal activites?
We shouldn't have constant updates of allegations. Do you want to live in a society where the FBI can say "hey, so we're investigating candidate X for Y" a week before election day on a whim? I don't. They hadn't even read these emails yet when Comey wrote his letter to Congress, and they didn't even have a warrant for them yet. We should know when charges are brought, not when they find something that is maybe evidence but they don't even know yet.
> Do you want to live in a society where the FBI can say "hey, so we're investigating candidate X for Y" a week before election day on a whim? I don't We already live in that society as is clearly evidenced by this event. > They hadn't even read these emails Depends on your definition of "they." Someone read some of them which is how they knew it would potentially relevant to the investigation. They then informed Comey about the emails and why they seemed relevant. I.e., some field agent investigating Carlos Danger read some of the emails and realized they were something not relevant to Carlos, but relevant to Clinton, stopped reading (supposedly) then told Comey.
Has she? Weird. I didn't see the guilty verdict.
The intersection of privilege and prosecutorial discretion produces some interesting results. It's one of the worst flaws in our legal system.
The court of public opinion is even worse, imo.
Of course it is. Is that a reason to refuse to recognize flaws in the legal system?
Politicians tend to get away with illegal things. For example, sexual conduct with minors. Carlos Danger hadn't seen any prosecution.
Oh she's guilty of something. Infowars told me so.
[deleted]
...are rodents from irradiated areas known for moral corruption?
[deleted]
That's really not the best analogy.
Yes. But that's not what this did. This just said they are looking at something, not that anything was illegal. Based on what we know so far, it probably isn't anything illegal.
Pandoras box has been opened now. even if Comey comes out within the next couple of days to squash any wrongdoing on Huma/Hillary's end, the GOP will cry foul and say they didn't conduct an extensive review. They get to rehash all their talking points about the FBI being corrupt in not jailing Hillary like before. this (not so scandalous) email debacle may have just elected the least qualified candidate in history.
>Shouldnt we know if a candidate has participated in illegal activites? Because it's ongoing, there's no way to know whether it's illegal or not. The idea is it's supposed to stop frivolous investigations- just announcing that one is started tends to hurt a candidate pretty bad, even if it's meaningless. The FBI isn't really supposed to be playing politics
If she'd been what she says she is they wouldn't have any way to 'play politics'.
If the FBI is supposed to inform congress when it needs to provide new details, and they did that, the timing is irrelevant. There arent special protected periods for those being investigated. Even if they come back again and reveal nothing is wrong, than this is the result of Hillary's negligence, and no one else. Thr FBI is only doing their job, based on the information they find. If Hillary was more careful, she wouldnt be in this predicament. People need to be responsible for the mistakes they make.
> If the FBI is supposed to inform congress when it needs to provide new details, From what i've read, it's very unclear at best, if this was the case. Most sources seem to say no. And even if it were (and personally, i don't blame Comey for saying something. I think he had to release something, to save himself if nothing else, and i don't blame him for that) the wording was intentionally as inflammatory as possible. I don't mind that he did say something (and he might've been obligated to), but he definitely should not have done it the way he did. >People need to be responsible for the mistakes they make. While Hillary obviously made a mistake, i don't think that justifies carte blanche. There's a big difference between what's legally allowed, and convention. That convention is there for the reasons i listed above
Your statement is utterly false. The FBI, by standard practice, doesn't inform Congress unless it decides to indict. It's been this way ever since the agency was formed. Comey is completely in unprecedented territory here - directly violating the long established policies of his own agency. The irony is that this is what he was accusing Clinton of, except that she wasn't violating long established policies, but ones that had quite literally been formulated as she was Secretary of State.
>but on the other hand the public is not supposed to be made aware of details of ongoing investigations so close to Election Day. And why is that exactly?
Do you want to live in a society where the FBI can say "we're investigating candidate X for Y" solely in order to influence an election? I don't.
To prevent frivolous partisan investigations intended to sway elections then find nothing.
The point of my question was who says the public isn't supposed to be made aware of something just because Election Day is coming up. Is there some legal source that suggests this? Or this some historic tradition in the executive branch? Is this just a redditor's opinion on what is and isn't supposed to happen?
Oh, the thinking seems to be that it is a violation of the [Hatch Act \(1939\)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hatch_Act_of_1939)
oh okay, so the thought is that there would have to be evidence that Comey and his deputies colluded with the Republican Party? That seems as difficult to prove.
Yeah, I doubt anyone actually intends to bring charges here, I think they're more trying to point out that he's in breach of a longstanding principle that this law is based off? I don't have a clue - I'm not an American. We have similar conventions here - [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Purdah_\(pre-election_period\)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Purdah_\(pre-election_period\)), though I don't think they apply to law enforcement; the dificulty being whether it's a political post or not - Home Secretary *is*, and overseas the police, but who knows?
This is a good summary, thanks!
The FBI learned of the emails weeks ago but decided to publicly disclose their existence ten days before Election Day.
This is just another example of you partisans screaming that shit isn't fair. Apparently shits rigged no matter who loses, according to yall. I bet comey is a secret russian.
So it should've happened before the last debate then, yes?
Comey stated that he learned about the emails less than 24 hours before informing congress. Can you provide a source for your own claim? Especially one that shows that Comey (and not some random field agent) was told "weeks ago"?
Why isn't the Republican that leaked the letter from Comey in any trouble? Are they allowed to just leak out info on current investigations like that?
Cmon now, a republican can do nothing illegal, especially when it is to smear crooked hillary.
They are so upset about possible leaks they are going to leak to expose it.
The letter wasn't classified.
He didn't do anything illegal or even doubiously legal.
If I understand correctly the FBI is not required to inform Congress of anything until after they are done investigating. Comey already overstepped himself by adding colorful commentary to the wrap up of the email scandal in the summer. Now he's chosen to "inform Congress" effectively making it public that there's a new development even though he's being extremely vague about what it is. This is the equivalent of when someone is a "person of interest" in an investigation but not an actual suspect; yet their name and picture gets published everywhere and they are prematurely judged in the court of opinions. It could very well be that the person has nothing to do with what happened, but their name and reputation are still tied to the event and ruined forever. This is why historically the FBI keeps shit like this to themselves until after the election; Comey is effectively swaying people's votes here whether that's his intention or not.
Cry me a river. Your beloved crooked Hillary's house if cards is falling. Deal with it.
She's still better than "Grab her by the pussy" Trump.
And that's why I'm all for Giant Meteor!
I really can't believe that people think Comey is trying to ruin Clinton *now*. If Comey was against her he had plenty of ground to recommend an indictment the first time around, but he decided not to because "there was no sign of malicious intent", which is not how the law works.
~~Well *he* didn't decide anything. The FBI merely presents the evidence to the prosecutorial authorities, in this case the DOJ.~~ Edit: Don't mind me. Just being wrong. Carry on.
He decided not to recommend indictment. That's a decision.
Think about this though... If the FBI had this evidence, but waiting until after the election to announce it, think about how everyone on the right would be upset and further think the election was rigged. People would have been pissed if he waited.
What historical investigations into presidential candidates are you referring to?
Do you really think that he would have made this public if the FBI didn't have something big? And if it is in fact a major violation, maybe impeachable, doesn't the American voter deserve to know about the investigation?
>Do you really think that he would have made this public if the FBI didn't have something big? If they have something big they can say so. > And if it is in fact a major violation, maybe impeachable, doesn't the American voter deserve to know about the investigation? If he has something big why doesn't he say so?
This is what I don't understand about our current system though, you say that we shouldn't publish information when someone is a "person of interest" but dems are more than happy to scream from the heavens about how Trump is a rapist before a trial took place.
If the judge in Trump's rape case wrote a letter to Democrat leaders talking about tens of thousands of Trump's assistants emails being seized in the case you'd have a comparable situation.
Comey isn't a judge, there is a big difference between claims of a crime from a victim and the director of the FBI responding to the oversight committee's request. If you don't want either public, I'm cool with that but don't cry foul when the same shit happens on both sides.
Its funny, the dems loved Julian Assange when he was exposing Bush's war crimes and protecting Snowden. Now they all want him dead and calling him a Russian agent.
That's my favorite one for sure. I have been following wikileaks since the release of the tape from the helicopter killing those kids. People absolutely shredded Bush's legacy over things like that. Now in 2016, while still releasing info on other foreign governments, Assange is a republican/russian shill! Also on the Russia thing, Dems beating the drums of war with Russia should terrify us all.
Hillary has been using very aggressive rhetoric against Russia. And she wants to put a fucking no fly zone in syria. That's insane!
Comey is on record saying that if anything else comes up in his investigation he will report it to congress. The investigation was never closed and he promised an update if something happened. Something happened.
That doesn't compel him to do so the instant he finds out about the mere existence of potential new evidence. He could have waited until the FBI had analysed the emails before reporting, and still fulfil his obligations.
Come on, they would have had to serve the warrant. Do you really think that wouldn't leak? In my opinion, things would have been just as crazy, and maybe more so.
I like when my reports are late with updates, too.
So what you are saying is that he should not do what he promised congress in order to favor someone in a political position? If anything, all this letter did was REMIND people that she was under a criminal investigation.
I'm saying that what you think he promised congress is not what he promised congress.
Yeah, because these emails are just about Yoga and wedding plans.... And how the fuck do you know what he promised congress is not what he promised congress? What are you Comey now? You have some special insight into how his mind works? Just a few months ago every fucking Democratic was cheering and labeling this man a great patriot and every Republican wanted his head on a platter. Now, some new crap comes out (which had to be significant enough for Comey to go, "I have to notify Congress about this!") that casts new light on the email server issue and every Democrat now wants his head on a platter and every Republican is saying, "Man, it seems we were wrong about this guy." You know whose fault this is... Hilary Clinton. This is all her fault. Not Comey, not the Republicans, not Huma, not Weiner... It is all her fault. Every last little thing is because she made a decision to create a Private Server in her home to handle Government business. It's her fault that the servers were wiped after a subpoena was handed out. All of this is on her. Nobody else. If Hilary wanted the emails to be released she could have released them herself months ago. None of this had to happen. She didn't have to use a private email server for Government business, she didn't have to purposely delete those emails in violation of the subpoena, and she could end all this tomorrow by releasing all her emails (confidential ones redacted) to the public. Don't blame Comey for trying to do the right thing. Blame the person who couldn't do the right thing and caused all this to happen in the first place.
I agree, but I also know from observing the Clintons for the past 25 years that *nothing is ever their fault*. It's the messenger's fault, the fault of the Republican Congress, the source's fault, the fault of that petty little tramp who just *had* to kiss and tell... It's all a conspiracy to make them look corrupt. They're actually second only to the angels, but the evil Right keeps demonizing them.
How does that change the fact that he has completely gone against the FBI's standard procedure? Just because he told Congress he would inform them doesn't stop this being an egregious breach of standard procedure that should never have happened. There is no legal obligation to inform Congress of anything and yet he did it anyway.
This summer Comey went against long standing FBI policy and held a press conference where he criticized someone who hadn't even been charged, let alone convicted of a crime which seemed insane...now he is going against longstanding FBI policy and talking about an investigation during an investigation and if that weren't bad enough has nothing useful to say.
None of this would be happening if the Attorney General hadn't met with President Clinton during the initial investigation. Did HRC commit a crime? No, but this is her own damn fault. Any normal person who did what she and her staffers did would have their security clearance revoked. In other words, they would have had their life wrecked. That's why, despite Trump, so many in government are gunning for her. Basically if she wasn't a politician, her security clearance would have been revoked. A lot of people with security clearance are pissed that she got off.
Hes damned if he does, damned if he doesnt. On the one hand, he waits until there is additional findings, and if there is something serious revealed, gets jumped on for not releasing it sooner. If he does reveal that the FBI has potentially relevant information, but is unsure of the full depth of it, he gets attacked for informing congress and is accused of being politically biased and attempting to swing the election. Considering how poorly the FBI has handled this case from the get go, it looks like he decided to act on the safe side and release the initial discovery reports if only to ease the tensions within the service. By many accounts much the FBI is internally very upset at the initial decision not to prosecute, and releasing the new findings will at least help keep his own house in order. Comey knows hes done in Washington after this case/election, no matter what the outcome. Neither side is going to let him stick around after the election.
>By many accounts much the FBI is internally very upset at the initial decision not to prosecute, and releasing the new findings will at least help keep his own house in order. **TLDR:** There is only one source from within the FBI for this information, with an unspecified role in the investigation. That source anonymously claims many are upset with the lack of prosecution. Prosecuting attorneys in /r/law and other forums I've looked at agree that there is no evidence of a crime, and it would be foolish to prosecute the case. So it seems to me that at best a bunch of non-lawyers are upset because the lawyers are not telling them what they want to hear. The real debate lies with non-criminal penalties for security breach. An employee of the FBI would surely be punished (though not indicted) for the same actions Hillary took. But she works for the State Department, which functions differently. So it would probably be true that most people in the FBI think Hillary should face consequences for her behavior, because they would have faced consequences. **END TLDR** **Let's look at the sources of that statement:** >By many accounts much the FBI is internally very upset at the initial decision not to prosecute, and releasing the new findings will at least help keep his own house in order. I have never read such account in sourced forums, such as /r/politicaldiscussion and /r/neutralpolitics, so I decided to Google to figure out if there is any evidence at all that there is more than one person in the FBI that disagrees with Comey. **Wall St Journal Headline:** [FBI in Internal Feud Over Hillary Clinton Probe](http://www.wsj.com/articles/laptop-may-include-thousands-of-emails-linked-to-hillary-clintons-private-server-1477854957) Sources provided: * "according to people familiar with the matter." * "according to a person familiar with the matter" * "according to people familiar with the matter" * "people familiar with the matter said" ... so basically anyone at all who is "familiar with the matter" could be the source. Not even an FBI employee, and not a lawyer. There is a reason I went to /r/law to figure out what was going on with the investigation, and there I saw everyone with prosecuting attorney experience agree with Comey's decision not to indict. Next headline, from the **New York Post:** [FBI agents are ready to revolt over the cozy Clinton probe](http://nypost.com/2016/10/06/fbi-agents-are-ready-to-revolt-over-the-cozy-clinton-probe/). What sources do they provide? * "Veteran FBI agents" sounds like at least 2, possibly retired and unconnected. * "said retired agent Dennis V. Hughes" ... and there it is. A retired guy that's not a lawyer giving his not-that-relevant opinion what's happening where he used to work. * "Hughes said" * "Former FBI official I.C. Smith" ... and there's another one. Also retired. * "But others say morale has sunk inside the bureau." ... uh oh! other less noteworthy people think moral sunk. * Oh he has an actual agent quoted! What does the agent say? The director is giving the bureau a bad rap with all the gaps in the investigation, one agent in the Washington field office said. Theres a perception that the FBI has been politicized and let down the country. And what conclusion does the author get from all this? >Comey has turned a once-proud institution known for its independence into one that bows to election pressure, hands out political immunity to candidates and effectively pardons their co-conspirators. Hes turned the FBI into the Federal Bureau of Immunity and lost the trust and respect of not only his agents but the country at large. He ought to step down. ... I don't even... ? **[FoxNews](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/10/13/fbi-doj-roiled-by-comey-lynch-decision-to-let-clinton-slide-by-on-emails-says-insider.html)** sources to their version: * "with one person closely involved in the year-long probe telling FoxNews.com that career agents and attorneys on the case unanimously believed the Democratic presidential nominee should have been charged." .... awesome they have a closely involved person that anonymously is speaking for everyone, and seems to disagree with actual prosecuting attorneys. Brave. * "A high-ranking FBI official told Fox News that while it might not have been a unanimous decision, It was unanimous that we all wanted her [Clintons] security clearance yanked. ... and here it is. The difference in a crime against law that she should be indicted for, and a careless act that is not a crime but that an employer would give consequences for. This is not about whether Comey should recommend Clinton's indictment, this is about the different standards of behavior between the FBI, State Department, and Executive Branch. * It is safe to say the vast majority felt she should be prosecuted, the senior FBI official told Fox News. We were floored while listening to the FBI briefing because Comey laid it all out, and then said but we are doing nothing, which made no sense to us. So in the end I have to reluctantly admit that the FoxNews article is better sourced than the others. However, it still amounts to one single FBI agent that "worked closely" with the case claiming to speak for the vast majority, and not addressing the significant agreement among prosecuting attorneys with Comey's recommendation. Edit: Formatting and TLDR
> What isn't known yet is how many emails there are which are relevant to the case, or the content of any of the emails. The investigation will probably go far beyond Election Day. Or even whether there are any that are pertinent that haven't been seen before. We know literally nothing about the content of the emails or why they're considered pertinent. It's so strange.
The fact that they found more emails they didn't know about alone is important, since the FBI thought they found all of them in an 'accidental' cloud backup. The accidental cloud backup doesn't seem all that accidental anymore, if all it contained were inconsequential emails and the more risky stuff was left out.
Hillary and staff said that they turned in all emails and devices. The previous investigation turned up proof of mishandling information, but not enough evidence to prove that it was intentional. The fact that more devices have been out there this whole time is somewhat damning in and of itself, even if it turns out that they're all the same emails. If there are new emails now too, it could be a strong indication that they obstructed the FBI's investigation. I believe the immunity deals for some parties have already been nullified, since they were based on "everything" being turned over.
I heard on one of the new shows this morning that they were tens of thousands of documents uncovered so it will take several weeks to properly filter and sort through them all in order to see if they are all the same that were previously known about. The exact wording was oddly, so I remember it. They called it "five digits" worth of documents.
You can't be that naive. This was done because what was found is so shocking that he'd be remiss not to investigate. They got a warrant. Do you know what a warrant is? It requires actual substantial good chances of evidence of a crime to get one. It will come out this week I'm sure, and this election is over.
> It's so strange Is it? Why would the FBI let us know before the investigation of this batch of emails is completed?
Did Comey release it to the public directly, or was it the Republicans in Congress that he informed who released it?
The fucking letter Comey wrote to Congress had the top 8 Democratic officials cc'd on the email. Their addresses are all on page 2 of the two page letter. :|
I believe Rep. Chaffetz released it, apparently even before Democratic leadership had found out about it. Like he found out and ran to the bell tower immediately to scream it at the top of his lungs.
Liberal Salt Singularity approaches, your tears of unrequited rage will be delicious Prepare for MAGA!
I mean, Trump is a rapist who is going to be indicted for tax fraud. And possibly treason. They're holding off until after the election to not come off as playing criminal charges for politics. This, on the other hand, is literally nothing. It is just Trump bribing someone again.
>I mean, Trump is a rapist who is going to be indicted for tax fraud. What tax fraud?
Psychiatrists could make a career off studying your levels of self-delusion
It's kind of amusing that you both think you're right, and you're probably both wrong. I worry about your country.
The sad thing is they're both *half* right. Trump *is* being tried for rape and *is* potentially going to be indicted for indicted for tax fraud (two of Trumps organisations are being investigated for fraud). The courts *are* holding off so as not to interefere with the elections. But the email thing really *isn't* "literally nothing". This development is being overblown when we don't know anything yet, and the release of the new information is highly unprofessional and against FBI policy, but the email scandal is evidence of at the very least negligence and incompetence and that's not something you want in a President. So yeah, sad state of affairs, and the choice this year for a lot of people (but not everyone, both candidates have substantial genuine support) is about which of those issues troubles you the least.
tl:dr; we are all idiots on this blessed day #thecorpseofberniesanders 2020.
> before Democratic leadership had found out about it Nope, the (relevant) democrats were informed at the same time. Hilary lied about it being sent to the Republicans first.
Multiple dems are saying they saw it in social media before they received the letter.
Leans into mic: "Wrong"
The only edit I would suggest is calling Huma "Clinton's vice chairwoman's" - there's no title for what she is. The one thing we've definitely learned from the emails is she is 100% embedded in everything Hillary does in all aspects of life and politics
Jeeves?
Isn't Huma hilarys side chick?
She signed on as the fall girl. Guaranteed.
I believe in the old parlance Huma would be Hillary's "Hand".
http://i.imgur.com/wbkoEyU.jpg
Her shaman?
Huma has been super tight with Bill and Hillary forever. I thinknthey were pissed about Anthony and the original dick pic thing.
And that word being near the start
So she's like the american equivalent of that south korean president's shaman?
Probably not.
Wait is Clinton campaign trying to start the "we don't know huma plot twist?"
If you've watched House of Cards... she's Doug.
If you've watched West Wing, she's Leo. Except Leo never did anything shady, so she's Doug.
Remember when Huma got addicted to painkillers and alcohol and became obsessed with a hooker and then the hooker hit her in the head with a brick in the woods leaving Huma for dead but then Huma found her in New Mexico and ran over that hooker with a van and then buried her in the desert
-- Wikileaks Seriously no outward demonstration of total moral turpitude would surprise me anymore.
YOOOOO relax fam. That's about every spoiler imaginable
Frank Underwood kills Dumbledore
Did Bill Heder tell rude customers that Frank Underwood let go of Jack at the end of Titanic, too?
Thought you were unsinkable boi AAAAAGGHHHHHHHHH!
No, more like Clinton's chief of staff. Like a personal secretary that acts as the gatekeeper while also setting up schedules and things of that sort.
If Clinton were Daenerys Targerian, Huma would be Tyrion Lannister.
She's Doug. Edit: which, I guess, means we know what will happen to Carlos.
"Hillary's mobile command center," was my favorite. Aide de camp or just 'Body man' are also appropriate.
Majordomo or aide de camp?
I liked one article about the Podesta emails described her as "Hillary's external hard drive".
http://www.vanityfair.com/news/2016/10/huma-abedin-hillary-clinton-wikileaks
She's Clinton's "aide" - that's pretty much what they do.
She's Clinton's personal pussy grabber.
It's called a "body woman" or "body man" in the field. Huma handles Clinton's daily routine, makes sure she takes her medication, info her on who people she is going to meet actually are. Basically a candidate is so busy and important, they pay another person to handle all aspects of their life that aren't campaigning. Naturally that person is a trusted friend and becomes close with he candidate personally, but not very politically. So it isn't like we don't know why Huma is close to Clinton, she's 100% embedded in everything Clinton does because she basically is 95% of Hillary's life. The chance that emails to and from Hillary to her body woman contain anything untoward is basically zero.
> The chance that emails to and from Hillary to her body woman contain anything untoward is basically zero. The problem is that these emails were found on her husband's commuter. These are state department communications, you can't just let anyone access them. It appears that Huma was sharing information with an unauthorized person. The emails were also found in a folder called, "LIFE INSURANCE". It reeks of blackmail potential. If someone that close to the President had the ability to blackmail her, it's an enormous security risk.
So she is padme?
I have no frame of reference here but maybe?
> The chance that emails to and from Hillary to her body woman contain anything untoward is basically zero. How do you know?
Because the person getting Clinton coffee and making sure she gets to her plane on time isn't going to be receiving emails about national security. It basically boils down to this: - It's likely these emails are duplicates or Outlook cache files - Huma isn't getting emails about pressing national security interests, she handles Clinton's personal life - Huma isn't getting any emails about Clitnon's IT setup - Huma is not getting talking points or any info in relation to the investigation itself - No emails, including ones to or from Huma, were found to be incriminating in the original review I think a lot of people do not understand who Huma is and what she does. The alt-right has portrayed her as some kind of evil puppet master but in reality she is a glorified secretary. If these were emails uncovered from Clinton to another staffer they might be something, but Huma is nowhere near that orbit within the Clinton universe. I'm not saying it's impossible, but the only people suggesting these emails are incriminating either don't know what Abbedin does, or they do and they are outright lying.
She's basically her Doug Stamper
So she's the one that murdered that dude from the DNC?
I think if she is capable of that she would have murdered Weiner after he screwed their marriage and career time and time again.
Maybe more of a Gary.
Eh, not really. Stamper deals with policy and policy fights. Underwood doesn't really have a similar character near him in the show. I think Veep actually has a character closer to Huma. Gary Walsh I think?
I was waiting for that -_-
She has been working for Hilary since she was first lady (started as an intern)
Oh, since the last time thousands of her emails went missing? Weird.
Them Clinton's and their interns...
clinterns
She's the chief of staff, even if that's not her official title, that's her function
She's the Doug Stamper to Hillary's Frank Underwood
And Zoe Barnes
How is she like Zoe?
Their creepy sexual relationship.
Guess Hillary's gonna murder Zoe then.
The one for which there's absolutely no evidence?
Majordomo Senechal Chief of Staff. Heck, there are a ton of titles which basically describe what she does.
I think "sub" is the accepted political nomenclature.
'Underage Woman'. Is a strange choice of words.
It is, but some states (not new york, in this case) say that a 15 year old is an adult and can consent. Again, this has nothing to do with this case, since it was over state lines and in new york, but in some states a 15 year old is considered a woman for whatever reason.
Only way someone 15 is going to legally be able to consent to someone Wiener's age is if they are married. There is no state with an age of consent for a 15 year old to have sex with someone that much older.
Ahhhh, that must be what I was remembering. I remember some celebrity marrying a 15 year old with parental consent. Sorry for the mix up.
In no state in the USA is a 15 year an "adult". The age of majority is 18 in each state except for two or three states where it is 19 years old. (Puerto Rico is 21) The age of consent with an adult is no lower than 16 years old. There are laws by which a teen can engage in sex with another teen, so called "romeo and juliet" laws. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ages_of_consent_in_North_America
"Little Girl"?
A fifteen year old is not a "little girl".
Lol maybe if you're 18. To a normally functioning adult 15 is a little girl.
Okay fine, what *should* we call her then?
I was fine with underage woman. Captures that middle point between childhood and adulthood nicely. Teenage girl would do too.
yup, Hillary's aide was married to a dude who likes to diddle little girls.
Yeap and trumps' very own civil rape lawsuit. Where he is accused of raping a 13 year old.
Lol
Except ... there's no evidence of that happening, whereas with Weiner you have actual pictures. Acting like random accusations (that happened 20 years ago ... ? Why did she wait until now?) somehow equal proved cases is absurd.
Same as why all the other women wait until now. Unless you are a victim, you do not know how hard it is to speak up against someone more powerful than you. It doesn't only applies to sexual crimes but also workplace bullying and other behaviors where the victims blame themselves and fear nobody believes them, especially when they are a small fry.
https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/jul/07/donald-trump-sexual-assault-lawsuits-norm-lubow >Lawsuits accusing Donald Trump of sexually assaulting a child in the 1990s appear to have been orchestrated by an eccentric anti-Trump campaigner with a record of making outlandish claims about celebrities. >Norm Lubow, a former producer on the Jerry Springer TV show, has previously been involved with disputed allegations that OJ Simpson bought illegal drugs on the day Simpsons wife was murdered, and that Kurt Cobains widow had the Nirvana frontman killed.
http://www.dailywire.com/news/5556/7-things-you-need-know-about-trump-and-sex-slave-amanda-prestigiacomo Interesting read here as well. Why doesn't Trump use this against Clinton?
>dude who likes to diddle teenage girls Others are saying here she's 15.
None of that, actually. At the most, the only thing Weiner is really guilty of is exhibitionism (that we know of).
I mean, in Huma's defense, a lot of creeps exist in the world and no one even knows they are being all creepy and shit. While I hope the E-mails are juicy, she could have been completely blind to this kink of his.
Yup Hillary has Bill. Cant avoid them
*to a dude who likes to think about diddling little girls. as far as we know, he hasn't actually done it yet.
To do dude who texts 15 year old girls that he wants to pound them so hard they will leak for a week.
Anthony Weiner, 15 year old girl, human abedin
It's code for pedo apologists.
Up voted for your name.
Yeah nice spin on what it is
At this point we're dealing with the most hardcore of Clinton supporters. Smarter dems have jumped ship - or were never on it to begin with - and we are left with what /r/politics is today.
Yeah, especially since woman refers to the age of majority, before which she would be a girl. It is a great way of avoiding having to say he was sexting a child.
This sub is downright hilarious, this is the one thing from this whole mess you chose to focus on; a simple choice of words, as opposed to the most important, bigger picture, and your comment is pushed to the top. I feel the ban hammer hovering above me
Post-fetus
15 year old girl.
It's only pedophilia when the right does it.
Actually, it's only pedophilia when the target is pre-pubescent. This is underage.
> pedophilia Is pre-puberty.
"Undocumented Adult?"
> **"A Hind-D?!"**
I think what Stink-finger is pointing out here is that the term "woman" implies adulthood. "Woman" by definition can't be "under age".
Pre-adult.
Sub adult is an acceptd term I believe
Unterausgewachsen in the native tongue.
Non post-pubescent female?
Scheduled to pubesce countermale
You forgot the question mark. Cmon, get with it.
15 is usually nearing post-pubescence.
In Germany you can have sex with 15 year olds.
Sending rude pictures to them though is still a crime without prior permission from the childs parents...
Nobody is accusing Weiner of having sex. This is the only sex scandal I can remember with no actual fucking. I think k he has an exhibition kink and can't stop. Unfortunately you don't marry or become a politician in America if you have such a desire. Or at least you don't show your face in the pictures.
Unfortunately? Found the pedophile.
That's a totally outrageous allegation and you should edit your post. I'm not making a judgement on the sexting thing. It's totally possible the person in question stated they were an adult or had that information in their profile stating they were. I don't know. But everything Weiner's been caught doing up until now has been with adults and none of them have said they met or even had intercourse. I'll let the police sort this out. I think it is unfortunate that politicians can't have a private life that has nothing to do how they actually do their job. We demand our politicians be straight, non-kinky, married and never had a problem in their marriage. Hell Ryan pulled out of a race in Chicago after his famous wife revealed he tried to get her to go to a sex club in London. His wife! Weiner shouldn't be married in this first place if he needs this kinda "activity" to get off.
We were all thinking it.
Damnit. I lose.
The Game.
I never lose the...the...see I already forgot.
So what? Adulthood does not begin at puberty. It shows how deep everyone is in this thing to actually try and conflate the two.
The trouble is that this likely won't be resolved before the election. Inevitably we'll be left in the dark.
How convenient for the republicans, huh!
For freedom, yes. It would be a horrible precedent to let cops select our rulers.
It would at least be hilarious if one of Trump's legal chickens came home to roost, but I think they're both terrible candidates and this is why.
I think letting the corrupt select our leaders is arguably worse. Police at least in the state they are are generally law abiding citizens and our laws currently don't have any true negative moral connotations at the moment except for arguably the war on drugs, but on the other hand we have people who are above the law with all the money in the world ruling over us. At least one of these are held to some form of code the other is dirty chaos.
What? What does this have to do with cops selecting our leaders?
I for one do not want the most powerful person in the world to be a criminal
Well, your options are a cabal of Democratic Senators and ex-Presidents (Clinton) and Vladimir Putin (all other candidates), so you're probably fucked
How wonderfully naive of you.
Yeah, we already kind of missed the bus on that one.
Luckily there is still a [train](http://qvgop.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/trump-train-1.jpg) you can board ^^^^MAGA
Nah, I'm going with Stein this year. Recent polling has been pretty good, we might break into the single digits!
That's what impeachment is for, should she be found guilty... something that she has not been found, nor even accused of being.
After how this election has gone, I wouldn't be surprised if the next president was impeached. They both seem very impeachable.
You say that when you have someone who possibly committed sexual assault as the Republican nominee.
This man has been in the public spotlight for 40 years, he has never been called out on sexual assault *until he ran for president against the establishment* seems kind of weird to me.
That disqualifies a lot of past presidents.
obama smoked weed. is he a criminal? this email scandal is just not that big a deal imo
Yes, it would be terrible if Trump became president.
I just assume that anyone who makes it far enough to be nominated must be a criminal. The cops shouldn't be choosing which criminal gets elected.
Nor do I want to be told to vote for a giant upside down rainbow question mark box.
:D well done.
Only one candidate this election is currently a defendant in two separate trials.
Yes and the other one is clearly corrupt and under FBI investigation.
An investigation that resulted in no charges... But I'm sure "it's only an investigation" will be the new Trump mantra when it's revealed he is also being investigated by the FBI for his dealings with Putin and Russia.
Both are false charges, so there will be no conviction. That means Trump is not a criminal, but the political hacks bringing the false charges are. Thanks for playing.
Oh shit, you broke the case wide open. I'd let the defense know of the information you have.
Wait, you can just say "charges are false, your Honor!" and have the case dismissed? If only the lawyers knew about this!!
and the other is being investigated by the FBI and has an organization that is also being investigated by the FBI. In this election there are no winners.
>being investigated Again, these theories are starting with "Hillary must be a criminal!", then working outwards from there. That's not how this works. By that same logic, Donald is a child rapist and a fradulent charlatan.
I am not sure what you mean? The OP brought up that Trump is on trial. That is true, but that doesn't mean he is guilty. I brought up that similarly, Clinton is being investigated by the FBI. This also does not necessarily mean she is guilty. It is not a theory that Clinton is being investigated by the FBI. Two FBI offices have spent time very recently investigated the Foundation. http://www.wsj.com/articles/laptop-may-include-thousands-of-emails-linked-to-hillary-clintons-private-server-1477854957
Is one of those the one that was made by the Jerry Springer Producer?
Is it vermin supreme?
Those are civil trials, that's quite the distinction from being tried as a criminal.
One is rape of a 13yr old that is beyond the statute of limitations and the other is a RICO case. It's not like Trump is being sued because he walked across his neighbors garden and stepped on their award winning patagonias.
You have no case based on the comment you replied to. There is only one presidential candidate under investigation for criminal charges. Civil cases are an entirely different story.
The content of the trails is irrelevant, you replied to a comment stating that he didn't want *the most powerful person in the world to be a criminal*. Your reply to this implies that Trump is being brought up on criminal charges, and would be a criminal if found guilty in either of these trails. He will not, and cannot. These are both civil suits, and nothing coming out of either will result in criminal punishment. And by labeling him guilty already, you're doing the exact same thing as people accusing Hillary of being guilty.
I always love it when the 'technically' people get involved. The intent of saying 'civil' in this context is that they are non-violent crimes or otherwise not indicative of criminal-type behavior. This is far from the truth. No where did I label Trump guilty. I said he was a defendant in those cases...Hillary has not been charged with anything, civil or criminal.
You should stop because you are making a fool of yourself.
no, saying it's civil suit / claim is stating the facts, something that you don't seem to like. a civil suit in no way implies that the basis of the claim isn't from a violent assault or rape. But you yourself erroneously (purposefully) implied that Trump was a defendant in 2 criminal cases, and that isn't even remotely the case.
That's your personal skewed view of of "civil" in this context. It's an incorrect view, but it's yours to claim. >No where did I label Trump guilty. I said he was a defendant in those cases...Hillary has not been charged with anything, civil or criminal. [http://i.imgur.com/PXRIMDa.gif](http://i.imgur.com/PXRIMDa.gif)
Wait but that doesn't mean much if the other candidate is the only one under FBI investigation(s)... does it? edit: (s)
Trump is under investigation for his ties to Russia/Putin. I think that, if true, is mountains more serious than some emails about personal and private positions.
What if trump being tied to the Russians allows us to open up long closed diplomatic relations and avoid LITERAL NUCLEAR WAR why do we want our president to be gung-ho for cold war 2: mutually assured boogaloo?
Because Putin is interested in seeing the US be successful? Trump is spouting the same nonsense that comes from countries like Russia and North Korea - that we are a 3rd world country. If 'opening diplomatic relations' means conceding power to Russia, I'm sure Trump people would be all for it - Trump and the alt-right practically worship Putin and his tactics. I think most Americans would rather not have a puppet of Putin in office, however.
Are you under the impression that these emails are just "personal and private positions"? I'm asking an honest question, because I've been following wikileaks very closely, every day , for months. I've seen so much stuff that has completely appalled, and terrified me, and I guess I just don't know how someone could have read the same stuff I've read and not think the Clinton foundation is truly corrupt.
I go to /r/The_Donald to find what the biggest issues in the emails are. I have also been linked to http://www.mostdamagingwikileaks.com/ and the list is laughable. #1 isn't even about Hillary and then they proceed to leap from assumption to supposition. #2 indicates she is a liberal. #3 is really stretching and assumes the same person who donates is funding ISIS (hint: they are not). #4 is just hilarious that she is being accused of trying to work with people by keeping her personal feelings about things to herself. These are the top 4. I am unimpressed.
Please do share these so called "appalling" emails. Did you also read of on Trump's foundation? Did you read about how his foundation used money to help the poor children by buying that yuuge Trump painting?
What does this have to do with Trump? This is why we have such a terrible government. People like you are so obsessed with your political sports team that you just can't be objective. Talking about government corruption and evidence of it has NOTHING to do with Trump, and yet the only thing you care about is trying to prove that one political team is better than the other. We should all want our government officials held accountable when they are involved in bribery, exploitation, fraud, etc. Do you really think it's worth my time to go do a research project and get you links to all the emails I consider to be the most telling? I mean let's be COMPLETELY realistic here, is there ANYTHING i could show you that would make you say "Holy shit, that's horrible, maybe Clinton really is corrupt and maybe I should stop pretending like this is all a big conspiracy " I'm pretty sure we both know the answer to that.
What exactly is he being investigated for? I would not be surprised to find out Trump has or had regular business dealings with russia. Maybe he built hotels or golf courses for Putin. Is that what you suspect? Is it currently illegal to do buisness with Russia or Russian companies? I know there was an embargo on Cuba, but AFAIK Russia was a trading partner, so what's the big deal?
Trump has spent his entire life not caring about anyone but himself and his "family... business." He deals with Gadaffi when it makes him money, he rents saudi arabian princes office space when it makes him money while hating on a charity for taking donations from the same people, Trump has been begging to get into Russia, he has been accused of breaking the Cuban embargo. Now all his life he has been doing those things and there is no evidence he will change, and do you really even think people can change? If you do then why be mad at Hillary she can become whatever you want right she can change if Trump can change?? If Trump can change into someone that cares about country (he outsourced every job he could to places like china to make his tie line, he used chinese steal on his penthouse building) He "says" he will force people to keep jobs in the US but he didn't do it when he had the chance. Why would he change? Hillary on the other hand has been working for healthcare reform and child education her whole life, working to get disaster relief to NY, working to take down Bin Laden, working on the middle east and no one can say the middle east is easy why would she change? If you are like most people we think that people will be like they were yesterday. So trump will be all about his bank account and real estate business and hillary will be doing public service when in office and making money on the speech trail if not elected. Trump only knows outsourcing and most recently selling his brand. He is selling his brand to the US and then letting Pench run it? Why would we think he will do something different... he doesn't know how.
>Is that what you suspect? Pretty much - he is an international real estate developer. What financial interests does Trump have with his business success in Russian territory? He praises Putin, says he has a relationship with the guy. Imagine if Obama came out and said the same? He would be skewered all over conservative news sites for 'connections to Putin'.
Probably a lot, but my question was is that illegal? Now if he paid people in Russia to hack into the DNC or something like that, that would be huge, but regular doing legal business doesn't seem relevant.
Do you have proof of that? (you don't)
No, because Comey only breaks precedent to publicly discuss investigations for Clinton.
Since when do Trump supporters care about having proof? Is this a new thing? I mean, smart people, really smart people have told me Trump has ties to Russia. Believe me!
All we care about is exposing the truth, regardless of whom that implicates. Right now Trump is one of the only honest men in politics.
Harry Reid has alleged that. http://www.politicususa.com/2016/10/30/bombshell-fbi-explosive-information-donald-trumps-coordination-putin.html
The definition of alleged is: said, without proof, to have taken place. Why even bring that up?
Harry Reid basically said they are doing an investigation on Trump-Puting investigations.
Harry Reid has no idea what he's talking about and he's not the FBI, so he can "request" they do something, but that absolutely does not mean they are.
One held a pretty important job in a very high position in government who has been targeted at every turn for at least 20 years, the other is a tax cheating, charity stealing, woman grabbing, contractor stiffing, self serving reality show host and national joke... with a fraud case and child rape case coming up in November. The former is at the very least intelligent, calm, tough as balls, experienced and served the public in some capacity for 40 years. The other has never done a solitary thing for the little guy except to routinely rip him off after he worked on a building or hotel he was contracted to do. Possibly ruining the little guys business and life. The other guy woke up one morning in 2015 and suddenly decided he cared about the little guy and loves the country so much he's said if he loses this will have been a huge waste of time and money and he's going on vacation right after. by Nov 15th will return to his floundering hotel empire (or what's left of it) To repairs its reputation after his brand has taken a hit and he along with Ivankas husband will figure out the best way he can profit off of all the enthusiasm of his followers who can't afford to stay in any his hotels but will buy trucker caps.
If you read the article, according to Reid Trump and his former campaign manager are under investigation. I think it's all a GOP ploy to get Trump elected, then impeached so that Pence can be President.
That's an awfully dramatic way of describing it.
It does if you think innocent till proven guilty matters
So why mention either candidates run-ins with the law?
I didn't.
But the other guy did.
You have to be charged and convicted to be a criminal. Or are we getting rid of the Judicial system now as well?
Ok so that rules Trump out. Who are you voting for then? Mcmullin?
Good news, one of the candidates isn't.
If clinton didnt use a private server and didnt delete the emails, this wouldnt have happened. Then again, she wouldve been in jail already. Dont blame the cops for getting busted.
Yes, let's start a predetermined conclusion and work our way backwards. The FBI said no confidential info got into the wrong hands.
Wrong. The FBI said that they didn't know if it got hacked. Knowing that her server had less protection than a gmail account, it's most likely that it did got hacked. Just look at the DNC, Podesta's emails etc. A for effort though.
> her server had less protection than a gmail account What does this even mean? Gmail accounts have secret questions after all.
It means it was incredibly easy to hack. And since the DNC got hacked and john padestas gmail account. You bet her server got hacked too.
Gmail servers have actual people monitoring them and sophisticated security setup.
Tell that to all the celebs who got their info stolen. I don't know what magic you think google engineers can do.
Accounts get hacked. Servers don't. Big difference. This sever didn't even use TLS for the first 3 months of sos operation so accounts getting hacked would be trivial. Now even if the accounts in gmail get hacked, google can tell because these servers are not compromised so they have logs about who accessed. If a server gets owned, and has no external logging, you cannot tell anything, even if the server got hacked (including if the server got hacked). This was why the FBI said it was likely but not able to be proven that the server was compromised.
Sure, I guess they deliberately confiscated Weiner's laptop knowing it was full of Hillary emails 11 days before the election. Come on.
I mean, that's not really the point. Comey giving a vague statement to congress about Hillary's emails being under review, without even having reviewed any of them (hence todays warrant), is what kicked off this shitstorm.
Yea. I mean, Weiner has been under the radar and all.
The laptop was taken on the 22nd of Sept. They have known for over a month they just decided to release now
Nothing suspicious of Comey's decision doing that now...
"The FBI agents investigating Hillary Clintons use of a private email server knew early this month that messages recovered in a separate probe might be germane to their case, but they waited weeks before briefing the FBI director, according to people familiar with the case." http://townhall.com/tipsheet/mattvespa/2016/10/30/fbi-agents-knew-about-new-emails-weeks-before-director-comey-n2238659
>but they waited weeks before briefing the FBI director How convenient. Just like how Assange waited months to release his emails.
> How convenient. Only Hillary knows for certain.
Timing seems a bit suspect.
"The FBI agents investigating Hillary Clintons use of a private email server knew early this month that messages recovered in a separate probe might be germane to their case, but they waited weeks before briefing the FBI director, according to people familiar with the case." http://townhall.com/tipsheet/mattvespa/2016/10/30/fbi-agents-knew-about-new-emails-weeks-before-director-comey-n2238659
I see a few possibilities here. 1. Agents investigating Hillary delayed briefing Comey to help her. 2. Agents investigating Weiner delayed handing over the evidence to the agents investigating Hillary, which would delay the briefing to Comey to help Hillary. 3. Comey found out thru back channels that there was nothing in the evidence and delayed the briefing so that he could announce this less than 2 weeks before the election knowing it wouldn't be officially completed till after the election to help Trump. BREAKING NEWS: There's political pissing contests in the FBI!!!
You assume that the very day it was taken someone discovered the HRC related emails. My guess it was not even looked at till early October. The government doesn't move fast.
That's truthy but not true.
The level of presumption on many of the comments on this topic borders on the ridiculous.
> The government doesn't move fast. Exactly. I'm reading all these comments like "What U.S. government are you people living under where you'd genuinely expect them to make a move like this in less than a month?". It sucks, but it doesn't mean the evil Republicans meant to leave voters in the dark and hurt the Dems. Even if they let the news break the moment they had it, we'd still be just as "in the dark" on Nov 8th.
They pretty much start with computers. There's no way they decided to spend months combing through old diaries before cracking open a computer.
Months? they have not had the computer for months, the person i responded to said the laptop was taken in on Sept 22nd.... and they probably started with phones... cause it was text messaging/sexting... then moved on to image searches for child porn and internet sites e visited on those phones etc etc then the pc(granted how many are working on some Weiner case is unknown but likely not many)... I doubt they have 50 agents looking at different folders on this pc... it could have easily been weeks ... or like other reporters have said it was discovered two weeks(early october) before comey came out with it, and there had to be meetings etc etc to discuss what to do etc etc likely lots of internal fbi fighting ..... MY point was to disprove this person's claim that they held onto it for over a month as part of some sinister plan. this isn't to say they could not have just waited till after the election... but i imagine it is a hard choice to make and he is screwed either way to 50% of the population. he probably did what he thought was the right thing and what would cover his ass the most.
So your hypothesis is that they were looking for child porn, and decided the computers could wait? Sounds dubious at best. Even if they did start with phones it's not the case that they probably just let the computers sit there until they were 100% done with the phones. I never said the FBI had some sinister plan. I said the idea that they would save the computers for later seems silly.
another thing you fail to realize... that in the criminal investigation world once you have taken possession of items/evidence you go back out and try and find more and do interviews and other things. why?, cause that evidence that you have in your control already is not going anywhere, but the stuff out there that you have not collected/and put under your control can go missing. heck... that laptop could have sat in a filing cabinet/evidence locker for a week or so. those guys go home at 5pm just like everyone else, probably work more than one case, and dont work on their days off. you watch to much tv depicting otherwise.
dude... my "hypothesis" was that they likely where not looking for HRC emails on Anthony weiner's laptop, that they were looking for other things related to his case not HRC, and while they were doing that they found this. you act like they went and confiscated them then ran back to the office to crack them open like anthony weiners case is a huge deal to them solely to get at HRC ... lol you have to be kidding me on how ignorant you are on how these tings work. they took the stuff filed paperwork on it , then did more paperwork to send it to a computer tech or other group team. that team then opened it up and gave the data /unlocked computer(cause hey it was probably password protected etc) back to the other team yatti yatti yatti... my point has been that them not even seeing the "emails" after having the computer a few weeks is more than likely a possibility. you have obviously never done any government work, hell you probably have never worked at a large company with any kind of "processes" and bureaucracy. you like others just want someone to blame... when the person to blame is hillary clinton and her team for this even being an issue in the first place. there are so many times that this could have been over but because of her it has dragged on. she should have never done the separate email in the first place(even she admit that even though you will fight that tooth and nail) , she should have never had deleted any emails, should have never of formatted the hard drive... you act like her and her team did all that to do the right thing... they did it to delay and hide and make things difficult. there is no other logical reason. if she had nothing to hide then she would have turned over the hard drive. if she had nothing to hide she would have used the .gov email address. this is all her fault. but ya lets go with she did nothing wrong... if she had done everything right she would have been coasting to an easy victory and had people like me willing to vote for her over Trump. as it is cause of her actions she is barely hanging on.
The laptop was taken by the FBI a long time ago, emails were known about, at a minimum, weeks ago.
And Obamas DOJ has been blocking them from viewing them.
The didn't ask for a warrant until recently, and they received it earlier today. Not sure what you are trying to get at.
maybe that's why they announced it publicly; to force their hand.
My understanding is that the laptop was taken by NYPD, not the FBI, since the Weiner sexting investigation was not an FBI matter. When NYPD found emails relevant to the Clinton email investigation, they notified the FBI. For some reason it took another week or two to get up the chain to Comey. What a mess! With so many folks in NYPD and the FBI aware of these new emails, it was bound to leak before the election. Edit: according to [this old article](http://www.theatlantic.com/news/archive/2016/09/anthony-weiner-investigation-15-year-old-girl/501416/), Weiner's investigation includes New York and North Carolina police as well as the FBI.
Read the WSJ report. It sounds like there is an internal conflict in the FBI. http://www.wsj.com/articles/laptop-may-include-thousands-of-emails-linked-to-hillary-clintons-private-server-1477854957
The internal conflict wasn't about FBI employees suggesting Comey wait until after the election. The internal conflict was about all the resignation letters on Comey's desk from agents who think he let Hillary off the hook. Specifically as it regards the Clinton Foundation, not the email server scandal.
Paywall. Sounds interesting though.
I think you can google the name to find it. Edit: You totally should read this by the way. WSJ gets some great info and if you avoid the opinion pages, has top notch reporting.
This is the right answer. Google the article title and the paywall is down.
That's not working for me. Not sure why, sometimes it does.
Well, if you see what [Lawrence Walsh did in October 1992](https://infogalactic.com/info/Lawrence_Walsh#Independent_Counsel) would you have the same opinion?
> The indictment had ignited a furor because it quoted a previously undisclosed entry in Mr. Weinberger's diary that sharply contradicted Mr. Bush's longstanding contention that he did not realize until after the Iran-contra affair was disclosed in 1986 that the weapons sales to Iran were an arms-for-hostage deal. Whether or nor Walsh was correct, presenting specific evidence of wrongdoing is quite different from releasing a vague statement that seems to be based on nothing more than speculation. People are arguing that Comey's letter is vague and without evidence, and you're basically responding "yes, but you hypocrites are probably fine with this indictment that's not vague and has evidence!"
If you took a moment to read what you linked you'd find this quote: "*Clinton administration attorney Lanny Davis called the decision to indict a week before the election rather than after the election "bizarre."*" It was wrong then, it is wrong now, as well.
lol, take your inconvenient facts elsewhere. These people won't hear it in r/hillaryclin - er, r/politics
lol you should see the facts the people of r/the_donald ignore
Wow, I checked into it and i would have never thought the people over at r/hillaryclin - er, r/politics ignore way more facts than the people over at r/the_donald, but its not my first time being surprised.
...what
> lol you should see the facts the people of r/the_donald ignore He's one of them. Don't bother.
It's so hard not to
You're so full of yourself. Did you even read it? >**Clinton administration attorney Lanny Davis called the decision to indict a week before the election rather than after the election "bizarre."**[3] Judge Thomas Hogan dismissed the October indictment two months later for being outside the statute of limitations.[5] Weinberger's subsequent pardon by President George Bush in December 1992 preempted any trial The Clinton camp questioned it despite it working out in their favor. Then Bush pardoned the guy whose trial could have potentially exposed them to criminal charges. But sure, "Shillary, blah blah blah".
[deleted]
Not sure how that is an inconvenient fact, it was wrong then as well.
Funny how Hillary didn't object to it then. She's got unclean hands on this stuff. What's good for the goose, and all that jazz.
Obviously a politician would do no such thing. Republicans were complaining when Comey didn't charge, now its the Democrats, it is all just politics. I agree with what you are saying here, I just believe that this was a damaging move by the Director, not to Hillary who will win anyways, but to our electoral process and the FBI
How do you know whether she objected? All we have from that article is that the Clinton administration lawyer said that it was a bizarre decision to indict at that time (not that it mattered, since Bush PARDONED him). Are Trump's lawyers saying that this is bizarre?
You could read what Clinton's lawyers said about it: >Clinton administration attorney Lanny Davis called the decision to indict a week before the election rather than after the election "bizarre."
Sounds like the logic the Republicans used for not nominating a Supreme Court Justice before the election.
Of course they say that. It looks like they would prefer to get everything done earlier, making Clinton look good.
shhhhhhh that doesnt fit with the LEFT DOES IT TOOO!!! crowd or 'you wouldnt be pissed if a lefties did this"
Give me a break, Davis called it "bizarre" in a book he wrote 15 years after the decision.
haha, havent laughed out loud in a while thanks
Well the easy solution is for them to release everything that is on the laptop and there would be no issue.
They probably want to go through it and remove personal information that doesn't need to be seen by the public. Publishing some random aide's address helps nobody.
Bill gave a speech during that time where he essentially endorsed what Walsh did. And calling an action "bizarre" is not the some thing as condemning it.
It is a lot different from saying "Ha, look, she's definitely guilty! Let's just throw her in prison now!"
Link to speech?
Here you [go](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmKkGhuYutk)
Davis called it "bizarre" in a book he wrote 15 years after the fact, not exactly a timely rebuke of Walsh's decision.
Last week - Donald Trump is wrong about this election being rigged. This week - the FBI is rigging the election. Republicans used to be a party and are now destroyed and it's not the republicans winning this election if Trump win, their brand is dead. Democrats had a chance to stay left let society keep moving that way but nope, hard right turn to try to get their donations and will have lost Half their support by the next election. The Dems only had to be honest in this election to win but instead they turned their media, comedy shows, primary, candidate and committee into the bullshit mountain John Stewart always warned everybody about.
Holy shit this is so accurate. Leaving us with a cliff hanger at the end though. Where to from here?
You'll have to wait for season 2020 and see who Negan offs.
Pray an asteroid takes a rogue path at Earth so that we never have to deal with this shit again.
Bull-and-moose party 2020
Teddy Roosevelt didn't die for this
If the Dems hat a better candidate, so basically anyone else, this wouldnt have happened. They allowed it to happen by picking the most corrupt and unliked politician they had.
>Democrats had a chance to stay left let society keep moving that way but nope, hard right turn to try to get their donations and will have lost Half their support by the next election. Are you trying to convince someone here that Hillary is right of Obama?
This is what people don't get, they aren't voting Republican, they're voting Trump. The only reason he went republican was to use their political infrastructure to his advantage. I wouldn't be surprised if he went independent for his second term in office.
They did "stay left" they passed the most left leaning manifesto in history. They are trying to give Warren and Sanders control of the Senate. Liberals are in firm control of the House Caucus. Hillary is just a figurehead now and back in the 90's she was the liberal person in the Clinton administration. She is more liberal now than she was then.
So we are just going to ignore the fact that the Iraq war started back up, the economy is anemic, and Obamacare is a complete failure. So yeah mayyybbe being honest would have worked, maybe.
I know everyone is saying both parties are destroyed, but we all know we're going to be right back here in 4 years.
> This week - the FBI is rigging the election. Said basically no one. They are influencing, rigging.
>it's not the republicans winning this election if Trump win, their brand is dead. You heard it here. Trump is the anti establishment candidate everybody.
at least with establishments there is some stability. If you want me to choose between living in a ratty apartment or a house fire, I'm gonna go buy some cheese for the rats.
Yeeeeep. This is the election that the Dems could have fielded pretty much the leftmost candidate they've ever even _considered_ and would have been practically assured a victory. Trump is quite possibly the biggest "get out of jail free" card for the Democrat party that there has ever been, and certainly the biggest one in the lifetime of the majority of Redditors. Instead they shoved Clinton down everyone's throat.
I would have voted for Bernie. ended up voting for stein.
> honest in this election > >Clintons Pick one.
If you really think that the Dems should have stuck to the Left, then you really haven't been paying attention to this country for the past few decades. Perhaps I'll just bring you up to speed on how it currently sits. Republicans control Congress (both sides) by the largest margins in years. Republicans/Conservatives controlled the Supreme Court up until Scalia died. 31 Republican governors. 68 of 98 State legislative bodies are controlled by Republican majorities. 23 states have all three branches fully controlled by Republicans, Dems only have 7. This country is very conservative, except in high population urban areas. Even then, the Dems lose because the Left is basically a bunch of useless cats that won't vote together. So they lose. Constantly. Well except in 1 election every 4 years. Beyond that? Useless. The Dems will never move Left because that will not win them elections.
Geographically, the majority of the country is conservative. But the total population leans left, as seen on presidential elections of late.
Oh sure. Every 4 years in a single election, the country leans left. Otherwise, in the dozen other elections in the meantime shows to be to the right. edit: I should point out that I am a rather Leftist voter. Which is why I am mostly frustrated by the fucking futility of voting for the Left when the Left simply is too stupid to win elections.
I'll point out the obvious here: the off-year election voters are conservative and old people are conservative. Those people vote the most. The country is not conservative and is becoming less and less so as more people die of old age.
Yes we know All these people that dont actually vote would vote one way Forgetting that they dont vote so we dont have a fucking clue which way they might vote Do you read what your write. Its a fact that Republicans run an overwhelming majority of the country regardless of the presidency and pretending that its not so because well just voters is dumb
You realize there are organizations that poll the country for their opinions right?
Except that people who don't vote, don't matter. The Left is unable to maintain and make any sort of change because they are nigh worthless in an election. This country is represented by the votes that are cast, not the hopeful whinging of losers who look for political purity in their candidates.
You can ignore the generational move towards liberal viewpoints if you want, but it's happening and to say "The Dems will never move Left because that will not win them elections," is silly because they clearly will have to given demographics. Maybe not next election, but they probably will in at the most 8 years time as more people die. 'Never' is a strong word.
I'll believe it when I see Dems win mid terms. Otherwise I expect to see the new liberals simply splitting their vote based on some political purity test which will put more conservatives into office.
I mean, the country is conservative, because Boomers are still breathing. That won't be the case for much longer, which is why the Republican party is about to die. That doesn't mean that the Dems should tack hard left, that would be a huge mistake right now, they have the entire center.
This isn't a black and white thing. Most voters that decide elections aren't ideological beings that care if you are center-right, center, left or hard left. They care if you have their best interests at heart and have proven yourself. You have to set yourself apart from your opposition and prove you care about your voters. That's all that matters at the individual race level. Big picture though the country is moving left. Even if voting patterns stayed the same the Democrats are going to win unless the Republicans do a massive overhaul. It's not feasible big picture because of demographic shifts and that the rising demos are voting more left wing. The voting public is a little more conservative now, but if we start talking future elections the country at large is not conservative and will become even more liberal. I'm talking about the future not the present.
It doesn't matter if the country is more liberal than conservative when liberals consistently don't show up to vote.
Sure it does. It can tell you how future elections will likely go given the demographic make-up. That's what this guy was talking about. He was talking about future elections.
> The Dems only had to be honest in this election to win but instead they turned their media, comedy shows, primary, candidate and committee into the bullshit mountain John Stewart always warned everybody about. Hallelujah. THIS is what I keep saying from the rooftops to anyone that'll listen.
spot fucking on. This sadly leaves us nowhere, but it is absolutely where we are.
> Republicans used to be a party and are now destroyed and it's not the republicans winning this election if Trump win, their brand is dead. That's what you think. If Trump wins, it's effectively President Pence for the next 4 or 8 years. Trump already tried to outsource the domestic and foreign policy of the US to Kasich, you don't think that Pence got the same deal?
Burr durrr buhhhh
Having a stroke?
Do people not realize that the Vice President has actual job responsibilities??? It's not just a fancy title. No human is capable of taking on the responsibility of the hardest job in the world on top of fulfilling the duties of a VP. Out of all the stupid things people think about Trump this is one of the most stupid.
You know what the vice president's official duties are? He casts a vote as president of the senate if there's a tie and he certifies the official vote count of the electoral college. That's it. Vice presidents apart from Dick Cheney are often sent as a presidential surrogate on affairs of state, but that's not part of their official duties.
If not more.
Donald Trumps brilliant plan to fight ISIS is to hand the reigns over to Mike Pence. You have to become the enemy to defeat the enemy.
That was just a rumor. Keep running with it though.
Kasich hasn't backed away from it when asked. And after this election cycle, do you really see Trump digging in for weeks of reading policy briefs to get up to speed? His own biographer said he can't focus on anything for more than 15 minutes.
Kasich doesn't like Trump and never said he was asked that. Trump camp has openly denied those rumors.
While Kasich said he never spoke to Trump, he absolutely told CNN's Jake Tapper in an on camera interview that his aid John Weaver confirmed to Kasich that he received said call and had that discussion with Trump's folks. While Trump has denied it (and why wouldn't it, it has awful optics and is humiliating to a would-be strong man to have someone demure on a key role) the denial was carefully parsed, with Trump stating that he never personally asked. But that wasn't the story. The story was that one of his staffers floated the idea to one of Kasich's team. While it's still just hearsay, Trump's campaign chairman Paul Manafort's description of Trump's view of the job of POTUS during an interview with the Huffington Post would certainly seem to give Weaver's account credibility: He needs an experienced person to do the part of the job he doesnt want to do. He seems himself more as the chairman of the board, than even the CEO, let alone the COO.
In response to that quote. I'm at a little bit of a loss here. Did he imply that Trump was the kind of guy to assign, I don't know, some sort of "cabinet" specific tasks that one single person is incapable of doing? I don't suppose you think he would give them special titles like "secretary" do you? This sounds absolutely revolutionary. This man is a genius.
> If Trump wins HA HA HA aren't you precious.
That's true, on the other hand what about when Trump gets a taste of *real* power?
Yup, and Paul Ryan frothing at the mouth to put as much crazy-ass legislation on Trump's desk as possible knowing he'll sign every bit of it.
Exactly. Comey's decision makes a republican president, house and senate much more likely. Even if it is trump, they feel like they will get their way. With Pence there, some of that could come to fruition, but they will never be able to truly tame Donald. Recipe for disaster.
Well... if Hillary wins it's effectively President Kaine for the next four years. Since she has most likely disqualified herself from being able to take oath.
Straight from the Trump playbook? >No, *you're* the puppet!!
Tit-for-tat.
He's more a pussy than a tit man
Trump is all about revenge as well, so I'm not surprised his followers are the same in that regard.
Maybe it's time we came together instead of bickering at each other. Whoever wins, they both beat the American people.
Pointing out that someone's reason for thinking someone shouldn't be President disqualifies their candidate too... Do you REALLY, in your infinite wisdom, feel that is something new, underhanded, invalid, subverts reason, and is exclusively found in "Trump's playbook?"
Also true. Though the status of congress, particularly the house after the election might have some bearing on that.
That's very, very true. Smart comment
> 4 or ~~8~~ 16 years FTFY. If Pence completes 2 VP terms gets in he'll be able to stay in for the long haul as pres for 2 more terms.
You're crazy if you think Trump will let Pence run the country. Pence will probably be less significant than Biden.
No one can be president for more than 10 years.
VP (Virtual President) for 8 years under TheDonald and then 8 years of him doing his own thing.
Do you really thing that if Trump wins he'll be re-elected? The man doesn't know his asshole from a hole in the ground. But let's say he is re-elected. People aren't voting for Mike "Smoking doesn't kill people" Pence after 8 years of Trump
I think that Trump is crazy good at managing people, getting his base message out, finding new avenues for success and consolidating his support. With his skillset I can't see how he doesn't get that second term. (note: none of his skills include governing or real knowledge of how the world works outside of Manhattan). He is not bound by the normal conventions of civil discourse. So yea, I think there is a lot he can do in 8 years with a solid majority in both houses to make sure Pence has a lock on it. 'Poll Watchers' are just the start.
If he's VP, but de facto President through Trump's indifference, then wins 2 terms as potus, that's 16. That's what he's saying.
Do people not realize that the Vice President has actual job responsibilities??? It's not just a fancy title. No human is capable of taking on the responsibility of the hardest job in the world on top of fulfilling the duties of a VP. Out of all the stupid things people think about Trump this is one of the most stupid.
It's because Trump himself said his VP will be in charge of domestic and foreign policy.
I misread this as 816 years and thought a Trump dynasty would be fit his personality.
I have a son, who's only ten years old, but he's so good at ruling, it's unbelievable. Believe me.
Hi, Republican Here, I bet you squares to Cabbages a woman with a decent track record shows up in 2020 and trounces him.
Only if he is left to run free. Since the House and Senate under Republican majorities will be opposed to most of what he wants the country will be mostly shielded from his ... less sophisticated .. perspectives. In that environment he gets to run against a do nothing congress and talk about how much more he can win this time etc. There is a good chance that he goes for 8. A really good chance.
Good god please no. My only hope for this election is that we only get one term for the winner. I dunno if I could handle 16 years of one guy.
maybe the dems can put up a better turd sandwich in 4 years.
The entire world would be on fire after the first few years.
16 years of Pence will give us The Handmaid's Tale.
Well, I would assume that the entire country would be sufficiently into dumpster fire mode at that point that there wouldn't be a need for further elections.
Well said.
ooh I love John Carpenter! They Live 2 please
At this point it's basically a John Carpenter movie.
Hopefully Kurt Russell is still alive then.
He's a shill for the thing.
Don't worry Kanye will be ready to run in 2020 or 2024 and teach us that 2016 wasn't shit in terms of reality show headlines and egos.
How is investigating a possible felony by a politician in any way "rigging" the election? If a person has already been caught committing a felony, they are not allowed to hold public office in most instances, why would investigating if someone may have committed a felony but not yet convicted any different?
I think the idea is that Clinton has a relatively decent chance of beating Trump. By not following through with anything or fully investigating or whatever until *after* the election can be considered rigging by some folks. Or that's how I interpreted it.
FBI had evidence to prosecute. DOJ and POTUS obsctructed. Now the info is in the hands of the NYPD and FBI and they have the publics support now as they come forward to prosecute a treasonous war criminal and her gang of organized crime.
Here here!
Because the commenter obviously doesn't believe that and is employing a strawman to argue against.
> they are not allowed to hold public office in most instances You're allowed to run for president no matter what, actually. You just have to be 35+, a natural born citizen, and lived in the US for at least 14 years. Eugene Debs ran for president from prison after being convicted of (IIRC) sedition, and got over 3% of the popular vote.
First, there's nothing preventing a felon from becoming president. The FBI isn't rigging the election. That's an oversimplification of arguments from the left in an attempt to score cheap political points. The argument is that Comey's letter to Congress was extremely irresponsible and out of line with longstanding DOJ and FBI practices.
I could be wrong but I think technically a felon can be President. As long as they're a "natural born citizen" of the right age.
It's not the investigation itself, it's going public with it. Apparently the FBI isn't supposed to publicly do anything political at election time that might influence the outcome like, say, openly point fingers at a particular candidate. It might be different if they have actual charges to level, but as we have seen, the FBI had barely started investigating when they announced it, so that definitely isn't the case. If there's no hard evidence to go public with, all the announcement really serves to do is attack the reputation of one candidate, which breaks the rule against political bias.
Then blame the fucking media for blowing this shit up, not the FBI. They have been hell bent on getting Clinton elected and they still are.
>blame the fucking media for blowing this shit up, not the FBI The reason this blew up to begin with was because people instinctively assumed that if the FBI had announced it, it must be the real deal. It's not the media's fault that the FBI is seen as an authority in law enforcement. They *are* an authority in law enforcement. Of course everyone pays attention to what they say and what they investigate.
The FBI didn't exactly advertise it. The letter was leaked by one of the men involved in the case.
That's not a law.
[Actually, it is a law.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hatch_Act_of_1939) Comey received a letter today saying he may have broken it. I suspect *that* investigation will come even further down the line. Or, you know, not at all if he 'rights' the ship and/or resigns.
The Hatch Act doesn't say you have to refrain from a legit investigation. That is a mischaracterization. It's interesting to point out the Hatch Act was created due to Democrats abusing power.
>The Hatch Act doesn't say you have to refrain from a legit investigation. Irrelevant. Again, the brunt of the criticism towards the FBI isn't for the investigation itself, but for going public with it, which in the context of the election is being seen as a political move.
Because the target is a Democrat.
And we all know that high ranking Democrats are above the law.
So Trump has a trial date set for next month to consider an accusation that he raped a 13 year old girl, but I'm assuming you're OK ignoring that even while you accuse Democrats of downplaying criminal investigations.
That case is a total farce anyway. AFAIK the accuser hasn't even revealed who she is and everything is being done through a front man who is demanding 1 million dollars to release information to the media or something stupid.
The case against Clinton is also nothing. No evidence of any secrets being stolen. A mistake made because the government email system was incredibly inefficient/slow, and she already had an email server in her house. It's totally blown out of proportion.
Well. He is going to trial. Clinton, with all the illegal and evil shit she has been pulling, isn't facing a trial. ... Yet Seems Clinton is above the law. Trump isn't.
That's a civil case. If you gave me your information, I could take out a civil case against you right now for rape as well.
>How is investigating a possible felony by a politician in any way "rigging" the election? 1. It isn't an investigation into a felony. At the very worst, like if Hillary deliberately leaked intel she knew was classified to someone without clearance, she'd be facing an misdemeanor. (Assuming said leakee wasn't an Iranian spy or similar.) Anyway, I think both Huma and Weiner had clearances, so, even the misdemanor scenario here is pretty far-fetched. 2. It's procedure to NOT talk about on going investigations. This is goes like, quadruple if the case could impact an election. In fact, there's a law against it. (Hatch Act.) 3. There's almost a problem with even calling this an "investigation." All they have are some emails they know, through metadata, came through Hillary's server. There's a decent chance that these are all duplicates of emails they've already read. Regardless, the point is, they haven't even looked at them yet. Not really an investigation.
> At the very worst, like if Hillary deliberately leaked intel she knew was classified to someone without clearance Isn't there already basically evidence of this since so many people had access to her server (on purpose) and she had classified emails on there?
Nothing was marked as classified except 2 paragraphs. Everything else was classified retro-actively, except for some Top Secret stuff "born classified." Hillary supporters say that Top Secret stuff was news articles related to the US drone program. (Which, best I have gathered, is possible. A NYT article on our Pakistani drone program was, maybe still is, full of Top Secret stuff. And just because it's in the NYT doesn't change that.) Also, only 13 people were emailed from Hillary's email account.
So you aren't denying anything I stated then?
You seem to have completely skipped the word 'deliberately'.
Nah, the people who had access to her server, had access on purpose.
"The FBI already had a warrant to search Weiner's laptop, but that only applied to evidence of his allegedly illicit communications with an underage girl." -- not directly attached to Clinton but honestly wtf was this douchebag doing with a laptop Clinton used doing this crap. Agree with the Hatch Act but I think it pales really with virtually every national media in the United States using their resources to sway votes away from Trump but ya, Bad one guy Comey for doing this. :( I'm sorry but 2 elections ago when I would walk down the street and hear people say they were voting for Obama because he was "black" ... I'm sure a lot of this country is voting based on what national media is supplying for their audience. The whole thing has been and is still creepy as fuck.
>with a laptop Clinton used Hillary didn't use it, but Huma, her deputy chief of staff, may have. >I'm sorry but 2 elections ago when I would walk down the street and hear people say they were voting for Obama because he was "black" I believe you, but this goes both ways. As a resident of a red state, I heard more than a few "I'm not voting for that n------!"'s. And, looking at our state's voting history, we've voted predominantly Republican for prez, though Democratic occasionally, but it went from somewhat balanced to , in 2008, huuuuuge victory for the Republican. Almost a 10 point swing. I don't have an explanation for that other than Obama's black.
> honestly wtf was this douchebag doing with a laptop Clinton used doing this crap. He was married to Clintons top aide Huma. Who would email herself (to a Yahoo account) emails that had been sent to Clinton so that she could print a hard copy for Clinton to read. Her and her husband shared the laptop apparently.
That's not how clearances work. Having clearance level X does not grant you access to everything marked that level. Huma probably had it for the same material. Just weird that so many people seem to think a clearance grants access to everything at that clearance level.
Yeah, totally weird that most people don't know the fine technical points of clearances. This is a TIL for me, so thanks I guess. I've learned what feels like an awful lot about classification this past year, but hadn't gleaned that.
In general if you have a need to know (eg someone is sending you an email on the subject) then you are covered. It's only when its codeword compartmentalised that it gets questionable if someone is allowed to know something.
they arent even that far.. they are investigating if they might have evidence that might be new evidence, they arent even sure, they havent looked at a single one. So no they arent investigating if she committed a felony. They are investigating if this is evidence they already have or not. SO no you dont announce when you havent even gotten a warrant to look at the emails and see if they were emails you already obtained from her machines. But lets pretend its the bullshit you spun, rather than the reality, they dont even know what the fuck they have. It still wouldnt matter, you still dont release this. WHY? Because it protects us from a out of control executive branch that abuses its power politically. One that purposefully waits til an election to bring up an investigation into anything right before an election. By having it be unprecedented, its hard for them to do just that. Comey now opens the door for hilary's DOJ to do that to any candidates in oct 2020. You wouldnt mind your next trump being under a BS investigation that clears him the day after he loses the election?
you don't really believe that do you? he wont be putting his job on the line if he didn't think that this wasn't the smoking gun. Hillary is going down, in more ways than one.
To be fair, how long do you think he would have lasted it/when Hillary wins?
They already know she commuted felonies, but Comey deemed it not worth prosecuting. Clearly something huge was found or else this wouldn't have come back up. Calling this a partisan move on Comey's part after he let Clinton off before is just being dishonest.
I don't know how it's clear they found something huge. It sounds like they investigated and closed the case. Potentially new evidence has been found that they didn't have before so they are looking through it as they should.
They wouldn't be looking through it if the agents that have already looked through it didn't recommend it. That is how it is clear that they found something huge. It isn't as if they found some random emails on Weiner's computer and then just decided they should reopen Clinton's case.
This is actually exactly what happened. They only just got warrants to open the emails, so there was no way they would have seen the emails prior to the letter being sent to congress.
You do realize they don't know what's in them, right? They could be the same emails they've already looked at or entirely new information. It isn't even clear if they have found anything new, let alone something "huge."
If it's so clear then what is it? It's not clear at all. They just got a warrant to look through it, what you're suggesting happened is the FBI ilegally looked through the emails, saw evidence they could use and then filed a warrant to get access to that evidence? Sounds plausible.
> they arent even that far.. they are investigating if they might have evidence that might be new evidence, they arent even sure, they havent looked at a single one. Being able to even obtain a warrant says something.
The investigation is into Weiner, not Hillary... So no, it doesn't
It was into Weiner. They purportedly had permission to look at the laptop and it's contents. Once they became aware of the potential for the additional information they presumably sought a warrant for the additional content in the event they actually have something actionable. This arm of the investigation is separate from the Weiner one, and unless if there is a bizarre twist of collusion it is pants on head stupid to think the Hillary investigation team is focusing on Weiner.
They found emails pertaining to Clinton on Weiner's laptop while investigating Weiner. They then obtained a warrant to view those emails. So yes, it does.
Where does it say "pertaining to Clinton"? I thought they have no idea who the emails are to/from and what their content is.
Agreed, except who exactly announced what? Comey wrote a letter to congress. Arguably, given his previous testimony, he had a duty to do so. Did *he* make that letter public, or did somebody within congress? That question as to who released his letter may make the difference between a a Hatch Act violation on Comey's part or not. I can't see how a letter to congress on it's own constitutes a Hatch Act violation. A *public* letter on the other hand (deliberately public on Comey's part) might.
The Democrats won't address this apparently. I think it was Gowdy who released the memo, but I also think Comey had to know he would release it. Comey had to send a message to everyone in the FBI that he screwed up the first investigation, and now someone's head will have to roll (probably Huma's, if not Comey's.)
> but I also think Comey had to know he would release it Nope. Not how it works. If Gowdy or whoever committed a crime, that's on them. Comey had the right to write a private letter to congress, period, full stop. If somebody committed a crime, blame the criminal.
I don't think it is that simple. If you do x knowing 100% it will lead to y, and y is illegal, then you basically did y.
A congressional investigation is public, though. There are closed and open hearings. This is a highly visible inquiry that the public obviously cares about, so the letter should be publicly visible. When did we quit caring about our own rights to know what our public officials were doing? They all work for the public, not themselves.
He wrote a vague letter with no details, knowing damn well it would be released to the public and people would run with it. This shouldn't be surprising to anyone who watched his press conference when announcing that they would not recommend charges on Hillary. He basically sat up there and spent the entire conference attacking her. He isn't so much of a partisan hack that he is willing to try to charge her for a crime when he knows damn well she can't be charged, but he is clearly willing to drag her through the mud in any way he can.
>He basically sat up there and spent the entire conference attacking her. She deserved it. What she did with the email server was truly stupid and endangered America's safety. If she still had the same job, she would minimum be fired/disciplined, and likely lose her security clearance considering she was the one calling the shots and letting that situation happen. She didn't deserve to be put in jail based on the evidence and facts though. And BECAUSE the situation was so politicized, if he didn't make it perfectly clear and transparent, then people would have called it political(and still do of course). Him making that clear doesn't make him biased, it's him trying to be transparent with Americans, as he is trying to be with this latest update. Once he updated in the first place with transparency, he had to later inform on any updates or developments. If he chooses to keep further developments private after going public in June, he's becoming biased again. The only unbiased thing he could do would be go public. I get that you're upset that he made the post because it stirs shit but he was in an awful situation and it was the rational thing to do. He shouldn't be the king maker but he had to go public both times to make it transparent. For now the Dems will spin it as 'Comey is trying to influence the election' and the Republicans will spin it as 'see hillary is still dirty and she might finally go to jail like she deserves' and comey was just in a shit situation. Dunno why everyone assumes his actions are biased. He undercut the DoJ because Lynch already supremely fucked up meeting Clinton in the first place. They just want to avoid the drama and he wants to do what is right, at least that's how I view it.
Nope. Not how it works. If whoever released it committed a crime, that's on them. Comey had the right to write a private letter to congress, period, full stop. If he can be criminally busted because he "should have known" somebody would leak it then all inter-governmental communication is functionally banned. That's absurd on it's face. **If** somebody committed a crime, blame the criminal.
Read the name of the user you are replying to and ask yourself if you could change their opinion.
> Comey had the right to write a private letter to congress, period, full stop He had a right, but he had no justifiable reason to do so given the circumstance. He knows nothing about if those emails are even related to the case, telling congress about this is about as valid as telling congress that some anonymous person called in and told the FBI that they saw clinton personally burning papers out behind her house. It's completely unverified, and nobody knows if it is even tangentially related to the case. Given all of that, it is extremely easy to come to the conclusion that he told congress about this solely because he knew it would be released, and that it would further hurt Clinton. He simply had no other reason to do this. None.
It would be ironic if Comey got nailed for "not knowing better" when that's pretty much Clinton's defense for sending classified material from her server in the first place.
>appear to be pertinent to the investigation. # OK. What is 'pertinent' in the legal sense? >Applicable; relevant Evidence is called "pertinent" when it is directed to the issue or matters in dispute, and legitimately tends to prove the allegations of the party offering it There's no more spinning; only grinding. The grease is gone. Lol. Those procedural laws will get you every time, huh?
Perhaps some folks forget Edgar J Hoover. There is precedence for an FBI director abusing his power and using information as blackmail. Not accusing Comey of this, but this election has shown the electorate (and Trump) is not terribly well informed about our governmental institutions, separation of powers, foreign policy nuance, etc.
A big problem is that the FBI director doesn't even know what's in these emails. This is what he has said. He simply made an announcement that they found some possible new emails, although the "new" emails might just be duplicates of what they already have. So he's making this major announcement about finding the emails but has literally zero evidence that the emails have anything new in them. Given that he has no evidence of a felony now and he ruled a few months ago that there was no crime, it strains logic how he would decide to do this less than 2 weeks before the election. The Hatch Act has to do with doing something to affect the outcome of an election and at this point, if it's valid to investigate Hillary for these emails then it's also valid to investigate Comey for the appearance that he's trying to influence the election.
>If a person has already been caught committing a felony, they are not allowed to hold public office in most instances Where are you getting this information? It's simply not true. In 1920 Eugene V. Debs ran for president from prison while serving time for sedition.
... the FBI director being irresponsible in releases in a way that influences the election is only "rigging" if the media calling politicians out for things is "rigging". Rigging is normally used to refer to things like systematically tossing ballots for a candidate, allowing systematic multivotes, taking ballots from non-existent/dead/non-citizens or misreporting results. Trying to make voters change their minds is not what's generally understood as rigging, even if done in an illegal and/or unethical way.
>Trying to make voters change their minds is not what's generally understood as rigging, even if done in an illegal and/or unethical way. Good luck trying to get that point across on this site, where saying mean things about a candidate in a personal email is bona fide "rigging" as well.
You think that's bad, try talking to r/atheism about the historicity of Jesus. They make r/politics look positively open minded!
http://imgur.com/c90w8BJ Worst TV show ever. Neither of the main characters are likable and they just keep introducing more jarring things from each side to see how far the shock poll sways.
That's a nice false equivalency you've got there.
[deleted]
Thank you for the pedantry. You are, of course, technically correct. If we ignore all context and implication, nobody was trying to make a comparison.
Perhaps the equivalency is between the run for office and the worst of reality tv...
Plot Twist: Weiner and Hillary were exchanging nudes
I'd be weirdly OK with that.
Are you saying Hillary sent weiner pics?
Well there's an image I didn't need.
In that case Weiner's laptop needs to be encased in steel and shot into the sun.
So that's why she wants the emails released to the public (if you get what I'm saying)!
Woof!
I like to see...for research purpose.
gross
Investigators are going to need counseling after the case
Worse. All of Bill and Weiner's kiddy porn.
Hot
I'm a straight dude and honestly I'd rather see Weiner's wiener given a choice between those two. \*shudder\*
I had that thought earlier today. It blew my mind. And grossed me out.
I so hope Hillary's dick pics get leaked!
Dank
Please let this end up being true.
Ultra Plot Twist: Anthony Wiener doesn't exist. He is just a cross-dressing Hillary Clinton.
Anthony Weiner is like superman he has two personas. Carlos Danger is his alternate persona when emailing dick picks to underage girls. (Sadly i'm not even making this shit up). https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anthony_Weiner
more gross!
>On the next South Park
Secretary Wank-N-Furter
that explains the last name Wiener. It's so absurd it has to be made up
He's another Pence
History made. The First Trans President.
Yuger plot twist. Donald Trump is a woman.
We've all been had, Clinton is Trump's cross dressing persona. Anthony Weiner is just his online handle he uses to pick up underage girls. He's been playing 5th dimensional hyper ping pong the whole time.
Finkel is Einhorn?
Einhorn is Finkel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4j8m8L8B7pM Damn you couldn't make a movie scene like this nowadays, the LGBT community would burn down every theatre...
Progress?
Regress
Evergreen is Carlos?
Now, do we suspect that there may be some connection between Ben and Glory?
Clinton is Danger?
Laces out Dan!
Laces out!
Finkel and Einhorn. Finkel and Einhorn. Einhorn and Finkel Einhorn and Finkel. Wait..... Einhorn is Finkel. Einhorn is a ........MAN! *gags and plunges face and cries in shower*
Your gun is digging into my hip!
[Ace, Do you have any more of that gum?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iu-yyMswR8Q)
I know people love Truman Show and yes those movies were genius, but the best acting was Ed Harris and the surrounding cast. Ace Ventura is still I think the best movie he ever made.
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind?
Not enough member berries.
> Ace Ventura is still I think the best movie he ever made. Agreed.
Dude. I just ate.
You're about to get a refund so it'll be a 2 for one
Now finish
Great. Room for more.
Honey ham slices flapping in the wind like the American flag. God bless.
Ok then. Photos of themselves in yoga class.
Dude. I just ate.
Photos of them in tantric yoga class.
Well, guess I'll have to eat again in half an hour after my stomach calms down.
Dude, that's my fetish. Or at least, it was...
Photos of them eating oysters in yoga class
**year 2050** "*So grandpa who did you vote for back in 2016?*" "*Son, we don't talk about 2016...*"
Yeah because you guys are gonna wish you hadn't voted for Clinton despite all the red flags
Right. We'd all rather have Trump. You're so smart man, you're smarter than everyone here, and you're much more informed about politics. We're all so *blind*. I'd literally vote a turkey into office before Trump. At least a turkey is benign and doesn't have a textbook case of Narcissist Personality Disorder.
So let's put a guy in office who.. ...advocates stop and frisk despite it being unconstituional, wants to end NATO which would alienate many of our allies, wants to make a registry of all american muslims and monitor them, has displayed aggressive tendencies which encourages his supporters to be aggressive as well (saying people deserve to be roughed up/take their coats and throw them out/etc), would nominate SC justices who would overturn gay marriage, says global warming is a hoax despite insuring his golf courses for it, says we need to stop doing business with china despite having his products made there himself, wants to end the EPA, wants to 'close up that internet' and thinks that anyone who would argue 'free speech' to counter that are 'foolish people', wants to silence his critics by limiting their first amendment rights, thinks wind power is bad because 'wind farms are ugly', and seems to have the temperament to start a war on a whim. Yeah. **Let's fucking elect that guy.**
Stop and frisk isn't unconstitutional. He doesn't want to stop doing business with China. Encourages supporters to be aggressive is hilarious since Hillary actually has a team dedicated to starting confrontations at trump rallies. You talk of temperament for maybe starting a war when Hillary is a proven war hawk looking to challenge Russia. Most of what you said is just wrong.
Stop and frisk IS unconstitutional. It was ruled as such [on August 12, 2013 by U.S. District Court Judge Shira A. Scheindlin.](http://www.politico.com/blogs/2016-presidential-debate-fact-check/2016/09/trump-is-wrong-stop-and-frisk-was-ruled-unconstitutional-228729) Besides being unconstitutional, it's a damn good way to further suppress minorities and create an even wider rift with them and rather than work on fixing race relations and institutionalized racism. He doesn't want to stop doing business with China, perhaps, yet I can't even begin to count the number of times he has said China is destroying us, we need to stop outsourcing jobs to them, etc., when he himself is a hypocrite for doing just that, and all he can do is say that he is taking advantage of the system for himself - instead of trying to fix it. Hillary supposedly having "a team" to start confrontations doesn't dismiss the fact that the man has defended his supporters who randomly started attacking protestors and even non-protestors who were just minding their own damn business, even offering to pay one's legal fees for assaulting someone. I think it's fucking disgusting that we have someone on the cusp of the presidency who has no problem publicly encouraging violence and not realizing that by saying such things he encourages people who support him to get riled up. That is reckless and irresponsible, he isn't using the power he already has responsibly or using common sense. You know, everyone keeps saying Hillary is a proven warhawk. For what? For voting for Iraq's war when literally everyone else fucking did? For saying she would go to war with Iran if they didn't end their nuclear weapons program? For saying she wants to implement a no-fly zone to stop Russia from constantly bombing Aleppo and its citizens? And by the way, not a single thing will happen with Russia. Nothing. It's all dick waving and conjecture. The worst that could happen is another cold war. So no, I'm not wrong. You're just on such a one-track mind that the facts don't matter anymore.
I don't think you fully understand the stop and frisk case: http://dailycaller.com/2016/09/27/holt-said-stop-and-frisk-was-ruled-unconstitutional-the-truth-is-more-complicated/
Yeah, much better to put someone into office who threatens national security through violating the laws of classified information. None of the misconstrued nonsense you said about Trump has any bearing on the job of President. He's not running for dictator.
At the end of the day, it's a choice between a career politician who understands government and diplomacy, and someone who, at best, is dangerously ignorant of how things work in the real world. Neither might be stellar people, but only one would cause a real disaster.
There aren't enough bodies in the judiciary and legislative branches who would follow Trump ideology. In fact, there would likely be bipartisan solidarity against it. I can't understand why, if people are so worried about a Trump presidency, they will continue to support candidates who will consolidate more power in the executive branch making it easier for a future Trump to do real damage. "Vote for me because the other guy will end the world" has to be one of the most disappointing sentiments of this entire election cycle. It's highly unlikely I'll vote for Trump but that rhetoric has gone quite far enough.
It's true that Hillary is terrible. It's also true, like you said, that despite the corruption, despite the way she carries herself, she has the experience and know-how necessary to get the job done. She probably won't be a great President, but at least she knows how to do the job. Right now, that's all we need. It's the sane, rational choice. That's literally all it boils down to here.
How about option C? We imprison both of those incompetent fucks and replace them with Bernie Sanders.
In an alternate universe, I'm sure that's happened. But in this one, that's unfortunately nothing more than a pipe dream. The only real options we have are a. sanity vote with a 4 hour cold shower in the fetal position afterward and b. insanity vote that requires signing away all of your self-respect
I'm absolutely ashamed at the fact so many people don't see it this way. If he wins I may actually cry, and I'm not even a Hillary fan.
Red flags. Red flags everywhere. No idea what to do with this garbage vote of mine. I'm pretty sure they're both so epically terrible that the only reason Clinton is possibly better is because she actually understands policy.
For a non US voter, how is it Clinton be any different than other US presidents from Reagan to Obama? Aren't they all closed to the Wall St, donations from big business... if anthing the fact that Putin is rooting for Trump, Putin would be the last person on earth wants a strong and prosperous US to lead the free world.
That's the thing, Clinton would be no different than Obama she wants to continue his work
I fail to see the downside here. Far, far, *far* better than the alternative.
I think what it really comes down to for me is that I don't think I can vote for someone who is clearly corrupt. I think everyone knows it but refuses to admit it. There is way too much going on to ignore. That being said I think trump is a moron but not a criminal
Refuses to admit it? I'm pretty sure everyone is willing to admit it, I don't know a Hillary supporter who isn't afraid to acknowledge it - but understands that a corrupt politician who knows how to do the job, even if they probably won't do it particularly well - is *still* a better alternative to so, so many of the things Trump has proposed doing. It's not even about voting for "the lesser of two evils." It's about what's sane and what isn't. Don't get me wrong, I hate that Hillary has gotten off scot-free with a lot of these corruption investigations, and ideally, she would be brought to trial. However, I also have accepted that regardless of that fact, she is still far and away the more sane choice based on policy, levelheadedness, and attitude.
The thing that nobody realizes is that trump won't be able to get anything done. Anyone that has any idea about how a president works knows that they don't just become president and start changing things. None of his crazy ideas will come to fruition. I realize that that's not exactly a good reason to vote for him and I don't yet know who I'm going to vote for but I really can't see myself voting for Hillary for the reasons I said before
Obama has avoided conflict with Russia by refusing to have a no-fly zone over Syria, Clinton seems obsessed with going to war; I would see that as a major difference.
Why does everyone think Russia is trying to bring America down ? Putin himself admitted that Russia is not a super power anymore and that they have to try to find their new place in the world (first one he said directly second indirectly so make of that what you will) Russia doesn't want any conflict with the US because they are on the other side of the world thus uninteresting for their problems (which are mainly infrastructure related) and also Russia imports way to much electronics from the US to randomly stirr up conflict. The US on the other hand still antagonizes Russia for no real reason. For example, Russia are the ones getting results in Syria even if their ethics are questionable. So the world should come together to discuss the ethics of Russias attempt and should conclude whether it wants to support Russia or if it can come up with a better solution that actually works, because as it stands right now there is probably no alternative to supporting existing power structures (everything else brought years of civil war, or some form of totalitarian regime, so why should it work this time ?) Yet whenever a conference regarding the war in Syria happens all you see is some loudmouthed American want to be ambassadors accusing Russia of wanting to keep the country for itself wanting war etc. Srsly America, Russia is not your enemie anymore stop this useless aggression and focus on more important issues.
You may have had a case before Russia invaded the Ukraine.
What on earth makes you think that you know what Putin wants?
Well for one, she is the first candidate to be under federal investigation on the day of election.
but why does that matter? Trumps got pending charges, Clinton doesn't even have that.
And for two. . Wait there is no two? Vs Trump.. let's see.. rape and sexual assault, inexperience, stupid barely coherent ideas, racist and xenophobic ideas, is loathed and contradicted by most REAL billionaires, doesn't actually understand the economy, brags about a billion dollar loss and carries it forward against tax payers, criticized veterans, POWs, the handicapped.. Off the top of my head. Plus if you read the article, your know that she isn't actually the one under investigation. Use your critical thinking skill...
> she isn't actually the one under investigation No, she literally is. Didn't you read the article?
So.. Who has more red flags Trump or Hillary.
Trump is a loudmouth, Clinton is a criminal. That's the difference as far as I can tell.
Both are criminal
One is under an active federal investigation.
The other has a fraud case and a child rape case coming up in the next two months.
There's only one candidate under federal investigation right now. Maybe the first time in US history actually?
http://money.cnn.com/2016/08/02/media/donald-trump-video-deposition-ruling/ Federal fraud investigation. http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/lawsuit-accusing-trump-raping-girl-13-december-hearing-article-1.2828413 Rape lawsuit.
Hah, touche. I guess I should have included *criminal* federal investigation. Which is what I meant. Trump might lose and have to pay some money, Hillary might go to prison. Bit of a difference.
Trump by a 1000 miles. Are you people fucking serious?
This is sarcasm... Right?
This is meta-sarcasm... Right?
Explain to me the man you think Donald Trump is.
The problem is we know what Hillary is. Gonna have some South Korean shit happen with Hillary. Of course, that could easily be Trump to, but he hasn't screwed himself as much as Hillary. Not like he hasnt tried really hard to do that
You said nothing there, complete gibberish.. What kind of man do you think Donald Trump is? Do you specifically think he is intelligent enough to hold the office of president and what examples do you have that lead you to this conclusion during his 500 day campaign? Furthermore, Do you think he is fit to fairly and equally lead all American women men and children despite their race religion or sexual orientation and why ?
Look, if you dont care what kind of woman Hillary is, then why "ask" people what type man they think Trump is? Yea, better than Hillary. American being the keyword. Cans may have some issues tho
He is not better than her when it comes to politics, I will not talk about IQ or knowledge despite that I think she has the advantage in both, I will talk about being a politician, in the sense of sitting for 10-12 hours with people hates your guts and you know they hate you and they insulted you in the past and will insult you after your done, and try to stay calm and try to compromise with them a legislation, and repeating that sometimes for weeks, do you really think Trump who go after anyone who criticize him can do that?
Hillary is a politician, Trump is a clown. It comes down to that pretty much. Some people hate politicians enough they'll vote a clown in.
Some people don't believe politicians are normal people who think of themselves as the good guys. Some people think politicians somehow lost their humanity and only care about money. Truth is they're just normal people and their interests are split between money and morals like everyone else. And there are no good ones and bad ones, simply ones that have rationalized horrible things and those that haven't, and they've all made mistakes of varying degrees. So... yeah. Humans. If you really don't think politicians are as human as yourself, you're probably a Trump voter.
People vote politicians in because they need someone to take cold calculated decisions away from personal feelings and try to compromise with people they hate and disagree with 100% of the time. Hillary is that person, Trump is not.
One is like a cliff, the other is like a minefield. You'd really rather drive through neither, you'll die both ways.
I think the probability of you surviving a minefield is not bad.
I think we can handle driving off a cliff with Vin Diesel at the wheel.
"*We all did thing's we weren't proud of in those polling booths. Except the green party. But they were loons.*"
It all came to a head when Trump and Clinton released sex tapes of each other three days before the election. This event, known only as the 2016 cliff, resulted in 2 decades of declining birth rates globally and effectively ended Priapism.
"Kek, the ancient god reappeared and we communicate with him using doubles, we manifest the power of magic through meme **and** a presidential candidate declared war on a cartoon frog." "It was the best election ever, son!"
Never 'kek' again in my presence, sonny.
Sheogorath is def the better explanation. Sheo2016
If it were good ol' Sheo, there would be *a lot* more cheese involved.
if sheo were involved, the candidates would still be more sensible than clinton or trump
This really is a turning point in our history.
Nah.
You fought in the meme wars? Yes. I was once a shitposter the same as your father...
Obi wan kenboni
You the maggot whose father voted in 2016? Sir, yes, sir! Outstanding! Did he have the balls to die then? Sir, no, sir! Too fucking bad! He ever talk about it? Sir, only once, sir! Good! Then he wasn't lying!
So they really had no idea of what was in those emails?
WSJ says to and from Hillary's private server from the metadata.
Oh shit.
Oh good.
Not really. The original sorting (by Clibton's lawyers in 2014) would have picked out all emails to and from Huma. According to her lawyers, all of those emails were sent to state and archived. Thus the FBI should have already reviewed all those emails. If Hillary's lawyers were honest, then all of these emails to/from Hillary should be copies of emails they've already reviewed. If they find additional emails, then Clinton's lawyers lied to Congress an the FBI. The latter possibility seems unlikely. Prominent lawfirms don't fuck up that bad on a regular basis.
If Clinton gets arrested because of Metadata I would laugh so hard seeing that she voted for the patriot act.
You conveniently didn't link to the article. A look at the entirety of your post history tells us why. Here's an excerpt from that article in the wsj. Anyone can Google it. "Investigators found 650,000 emails on a laptop used by former Rep. Anthony Weiner and his estranged wife Huma Abedin, a close Clinton aide, and underlying metadata suggests thousands of those messages could have been sent to or from the private server that Mrs. Clinton used while she was secretary of state, according to people familiar with the matter. It will take weeks, at a minimum, to determine whether those messages are work-related from the time Ms. Abedin served with Mrs. Clinton at the State Department; how many are duplicates of emails already reviewed by the FBI; and whether they include either classified information or important new evidence in the Clinton email probe."
> underlying metadata suggests thousands of those messages **could** have been sent to or from the private server that Mrs. Clinton used while she was secretary of state. Nothing is clear yet. It's all speculative.
They need some better data analysts if it would take them weeks to do that.
So what he said was...true?
shhhhhhhh.../u/theclassiccoversharer is very stupid...
Did you ask your mom if you're allowed to use the computer this late at night?
What are you talking about? It is literally confirmed in the post to "refute" the claim.
While technically true it drew a vague and misleading outline of what the information actually said. It wasn't so much "true" and "truthy"
but the meta data suggests thousands or emails could have been sent too and from Clinton's server..?
> underlying metadata suggests thousands of those messages could have been sent to or from the private server that Mrs. Clinton used while she was secretary of state, **according to people familiar with the matter** The distinction is that is a belief of "people familiar with the matter", versus what has been actually proven. Also, "thousands of those messages" is a small portion of the "Investigators found 650,000 emails". If it's already been proven then WSJ would write "The FBI found that thousands of messages have been sent to or from the private server that Mrs. Clinton used while she was secretary of state". So to answer the question by u/patello was "So they really had no idea of what was in those emails?" with "WSJ says to and from Hillary's private server from the metadata." as if it was a confirmed fact is where I see the disconnect. But hey, however you want to interpret it.
> those messages could have been sent to or from the private server
Am i missing something? Thats exactly what he said. >the metadata suggest thousands of those messages could have been sent to or from the private server? What are you trying to get at?
It's *not* exactly what he said. /u/RPDBF1 said > WSJ says to and from Hillary's private server from the metadata. Like it's a statement of fact that indeed it was to and from Hillary's private server. In fact, the WSJ article said there was a *suggestion* that it *could have been* to or from Hillary's server. That's an important difference, and it is not nitpicking.
okay.... i really dont care...
There's a distinction between "suggests" and "could" that SCB39 and others find dishonest in the initial reference to the article, where one implies "probable" and the other "possible."
I guess but I would assume it is probable that their are emails too and from hillarys server on there.
You're free to believe that, but that's not what the article being referenced implied by saying "could" which is what SCB39 was getting at. It was a dishonest characterization of the statement of the article and so its reference does not support the initial claim being made, which may still be true or false but needs to be better supported.
Alright well i think the comment wasnt too out of line but if you wanna get all nit picky go for it
> It will take weeks, at a minimum, to determine whether those messages are work-related from the time Ms. Abedin served with Mrs. Clinton at the State Department; **how many are duplicates of emails already reviewed by the FBI**; and whether they include either classified information or important new evidence in the Clinton email probe.
Odd. It should not be hard for a decent programmer or tech guy to run a program that looks for differences in the emails with the ones they already have.
Of the shelf document review software already does this.
Barely even have to write anything. Consume the metadata from both sets into a SQL db (probably off the shelf available for outlook, though the nature of these emails may require a custom proprietary solution), then write a single query to pull out distinct records. It'd be only a few formatted lines.
They are almost certainly copies of Huma's side of Clinton emails and potentially a few from Hillary's account if she logged into it. Maybe some of the deleted emails are there, but probably not many considering she turned over a ton of devices already. It's a total non-story that Comey dumped into the mainstream in an unprecedented way before he even knew if it was slightly relevant. Honestly, Comey looks really fucking bad right now unless there are new emails on there. If it's the same fucking emails again, he's going to have some serious answering to do.
They probably read some while going through Weiner's, and realized they were relevant to the Clinton case. CNN reported as much.
Has CNN given us the ok to review Comey's letter?
If they got a warrant they had to demonstrate probable cause to a judge. The suggestion that they had no idea what was in the emails before Comey sent a letter is pure fantasy being pushed by Hillary Clinton, and she's just hoping as many people believe it as possible. But getting a warrant means, definitively, that while they obviously don't know everything in those emails, they have probable cause to believe they are pertinent to the investigation of a possible crime.
How are more people not totally fed up with having their intelligence insulted by team Hillary? Or are they just too naive to even know when their intelligence is insulted? Could Hillary literally be caught on live tv emailing the master list of us spy identities and locations straight to the chinese premier and people would still think she did nothing wrong? I do have sympathy for those who have been fooled. There's been so much academic research into how to manipulate people's behavior and beliefs, neuro-linguistics, cognitive behavior science, big data network influencer analysis - most people have no idea the tools and knowledge that are used against them to get them to buy cokes and burgers and vote for candidate x.
How would you know what was in an email if you haven't seen it?
Getting a warrant is also the proper process, the make evidence admissible to court.
That's not how probable cause works. You can't look at evidence, find something and the use that finding as the reason to search for the evidence. It would be like a cop pulls you over, searched your car for no reason, finds some pot, and then uses the fact he found pot in your car to establish probable cause to search the car. It's completely circular. Now the fact she's a close confidant of HRC and the metadata may lend to probable cause, but you can't assume they knew what was in the emails when they obtained the warrant.
Probably cause was any possible connection to a prior investigation.
They haven't seen them so they don't know what they are.. it's a swing the monkey
Eh, probable cause could be that huma and Hil sent each other emails and huma did that from the laptop. Would be good enough for some. Not for me, but who the f am I.
You have no clue what was found but somehow can come to the conclusion they dont have probable cause? Please contact the doj immediatly and let them know what you know. You can really save everyones time.
He actually came to literally the exact opposite conclusion.
It wasn't good enough until Comey leaked it. Now that Clinton is demanding it the judge would likely grant it. This sounds like a huge ploy from Comey to get a warrant he couldn't before
lol nice username. And yeah it's possible she played into his hands.
None of that is how this works. Clinton isn't sending demands to judges, and judges don't really give a shit. They just check to see if the warrant dots the Is and crosses the Ts. There was never any issue with probable cause--they already had probably cause to indict Hilary, that's why Comey said "no reasonable prosecutor" would take the case, instead of saying there was no probable cause. Comey already said that "there is evidence of potential violations regarding the handling of classified information." The only new thing needed for this warrant was evidence that Huma's computer had further evidence of such violations. I'm sure the Encase software that they ran during the Weiner investigation threw up a bunch of red flags re: Huma-Hillary, which is what caused them to get this warrant.
Clinton isn't the only one sending a demand, congress did too. This would be the whole special circumstances part that allow a judge to rule against standard protocol
You dont know what youre talking about.
Congress isn't sending demands to a judge. They don't even know what judge in advance is getting the request for the warrant. The warrant is processed as sealed ex parte proceeding--this means the only people who know about the proceeding or have any power to ask or argue anything to the judge are the prosecutor and the LEO investigator. Source: I am an attorney, Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure 41.
You're Adam_Nox.
I don't think you're following this story very closely. Multiple news sources from across the political spectrum have reported that the FBI has no clue whats in those e-mails yet.
Please don't speak about the law if you have no idea what you are talking about. If even one email was from Hillary...it's probably cause. That's it. Everything else you said is not even close to how the law works. They literally could not review them yet.
> The suggestion that they had no idea what was in the emails before Comey sent a letter is An accurate depiction of the truth supported by Comey's statement and that of his bosses in the Justice department. You're also treating probable cause as being equivalent to guilt. Words cannot express how unamerican that is.
They looked at metadata. That's enough to establish a link between the private email server and the laptop, but not enough to rule out that it's all duplicates.
I bet they read the emails so they know they've got something. Otherwise this would have been mentioned quietly to Congress, and investigated confidentially and never made it to the news. The FBI know what they've got - and are comfortable going forward with it at 10 days to the election.
It should be. They can compare it to the metadata of the emails they already have.
Don't ask me why they haven't done that.
And how do you know they didn't?
Because Comey said they had not checked.
No he hasn't.
Yeah. This seems like nonsense. As a lawyer, when I am reviewing a document production, I get my vendor to dedupe the production in a matter of hours. Somehow i think the FBI is capable of doing this quick enough to have not raised the issue if it were all duplicates.
Where did he say that?
Because it can takes weeks or months to get anything in the FBI done. It is a massive fucking bureaucracy, it is not like CSI Miami. They don't have some weird alt-chick mortician/doctor/hacker to go to. They got 1000's people in cheap suits doing hard work.
you are talking to de_donald that think 'the aprentice' Trump is real Trump. They think FBI can scan 100000 email in 7 days before election. Watch as they scream RIGGED when the investigation still ongoing after election
Waiting for someone in the FBI to leak the emails and then we can crowd-source the search for the dirt and be done in like a day or two max.
Yeah, it wouldn't be a plaintext compare but they could build a few trees/graphs to determine if they are looking at new info. Seems like a tool the FBI would already have.
Especially, if the WSJ is correct, if they'd had the laptop for a while before going to Comey.
Right and it's a shame this hasn't been stated more clearly. FBI didn't need a warrant to look at metadata. And by looking at the metadata they determined the emails were pertinent to the Hillary investigation and were able to get a warrant so that the emails can now be added to the official record
The fact that Huma is Hillary's chief of staff is the probable cause
Hillary being a Clinton is probable cause
If that were the case then this warrant would have been served long ago. You don't know what you're talking about.
Simply being Hillary's CoS is not probable cause. Emails from Hillary's server that were not handed over is probable cause.
The fact that it's a computer she used and was supposed to be turned over earlier is PC enough. Even if it was an honest mistake. What's the lesson we've all learned.... 1. 2 factor authentication 2. Whole disk encryption 3. Don't click on "Your password has been stolen" links 4. Don't fight a land war in Asia (srsly tho...don't)
5. Or in Russia during the winter.
Too late to start this year then huh
Wut. No it's not otherwise they would have just taken all of Huma's mail in the first place. They found something specific on Weiner's computer which required them to reopen their inquiry (what are they calling it now?) and get a warrant.
She probably checked her emails on Weiner's computer. I'd venture to guess the FBI has all of them (or at least the vast majority of them) already anyway. Keep in mind she handed over her own devices to the FBI, and somehow I doubt she was somehow more tech savvy with her own shit than Anthony's
They used bleach bit on their own, but not the Weiner's
I don't want to blame Huma for her husband's behavior because she has zero responsibility but if I knew that my husband was a sex addict, I probably wouldn't look at my work emails where I talk to the Secretary of State, on a device that probably has a thousand viruses from porn sites.
They knew they related to the previous email investigation, nothing more, nothing less. Both of Comeys letters said exactly that. They needed a warrant to *review* them. Consider this, you are investigating a crime involving someone sexting a minor, you find a literal shit ton of emails, while going through them you notice they are related to previous investigation. They then told Comey and he sent the letter to congress based on his previous promise to do so should more info come to light. Everything else, has been blown up by media, politicians and campaigns, both sides.
Comey's notes didn't say that. He vaguely implied they were about Clinton in the Chaffetz note and then backtracked in the internal memo
fml ok i will quote them then. so annoying to find the text version, but I will do it just for you. Letter to his investigators: >Of course, we dont ordinarily tell Congress about ongoing investigations, but here I feel an obligation to do so given that I testified repeatedly in recent months that our investigation was completed. I also think it would be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record. **At the same time, however, given that we dont know the significance of this newly discovered collection of emails, I dont want to create a misleading impression.** In trying to strike that balance, in a brief letter and in the middle of an election season, there is significant risk of being misunderstood, but I wanted you to hear directly from me about it. Letter to Congress: >In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation. I am writing to inform you that the investigative team briefed me on this yesterday, and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation. >**Although the FBI cannot yet assess whether or not this material may be significant,** and I cannot predict how long it will take us to complete this additional work, I believe it is important to update your Committees about our efforts in light of my previous testimony.
Downvoted for quotes nice boys
The part about them being pertinent doesn't disappear because he tried to soften it a line later. The congress note was intentionally vague and you know it
You want him to know the contents of emails he is saying he has not reviewed?
Do I want him to know whether or not they're pertinent before saying they're pertinent? Fucking yes
So let's play it your way. The FBI says nothing, gets a federal search warrant to search Huma's emails on a Sunday evening, and still says nothing because they haven't read all 650,000 emails yet. You think this won't be made an issue of?
That is what they're supposed to do. They're not updating us on the 100+ federal cases involving Trump or the case involving Manafort
They obviously knew they were pertinent, he didn't need to tell the investigators that found them that.
Pertinent is a key word here, it refers to the evidence of something. Evidence has been found, now that they have a warrant, they are going to investigate the evidence more thoroughly. To get said warrant they had to show a reason for it, can we access the documents the FBI gave to get said warrant? Those would be enlightening.
I agree
> Do I want him to know whether or not they're pertinent before saying they're pertinent? Fucking yes He has to say it softly at this point because they didn't have a warrant at the time. I suspect this letter was in part to force the DOJ's hand into giving the FBI access quickly. There was a very interesting [WSJ article](http://archive.is/4Fpnk) about the relationship between the FBI and DOJ in this case.
sounds like they couldn't prove a reason for a warrant
Seeing as how this very thread is about a news story that says they just got a warrant, sounds like you're wrong.
I think it's reasonable for him to amend his previous statements that the investigation was completed, if it is no longer completed. I think it's quite clear any since or urgency was to correct his congressional testimony, which is important. He correctly, and immediately, included the unknown element of the emails.
He knew about this for a month. He didn't correct them at the time. He waited to hurt Clinton
This is not true.
he knew about the new emails for a month and sat on it? I haven't come across that, yet. Have a link?
Are you accusing the FBI director of something? After he recommended no prosecution before? Do you accuse him based on any actual facts?
He's a political hack and was in July as well. He's clearly been out for Hillary the entire time, just because he didn't have a case because she didn't break the law doesn't mean he's "on her side" He broke precedent by giving a giant editorialized lecture about how evil she was before he broke the news saying he had nothing. Yes, he's a partisan hack. Just not a giant enough one to pursue a hopeless case.
Comey was Assistant Attorney General in 2004 under George W. Bush. The Attorney General, John Ashcroft, was in the hospital, so Comey was acting AG, and Bush wanted Comey to sign off on renewing the warrantless wiretaps, but he refused. So, they tried to go to the hospital and get Ashcroft, who was in a daze from pain meds, to sign off on it and Comey rushed to the bedside to make sure they didn't succeed. 2004 was an election year. So, you're saying that the man who did that to a republican president in an election year is a political hack? He's about as non-partisan as it gets at that political level.
If he was a hack he would have recommended indictment even on weak evidence and Hillary would have resigned from running. He didn't.
Damn dude, some of you guys really *are* this delusional. Please wake up.
Sorry, I look at facts over feels. It's something you get with an education. Hillary will make college affordable for you.
That's not the correct way to apply the "feels over reals" argument. Look, when information comes to light that makes you question everything you believe in, it's not abnormal to insulate yourself from it. Reality doesn't choose sides. Luckily for you, there's multiple layers of media to obscure it. But get ready, because in the next couple of weeks your psychological safe space is going to come crashing down on you.
> After he recommended no prosecution before It's not like that was a favor or anything, there wasn't anything resembling a prosecutable case. He did take the opportunity to treat State like the FBI's annoying kid brother somehow. He hasn't been on Clinton's side at all. He's taken every single opportunity to blast her.
He could have easily exaggerated the "extreme carelessness" to recommend indictment. Remeber, that's all the FBI can do: recommend indictment. The bar for such a thing is nowhere near as high as actual indictment is. If he was truly a shill, he would have found a way to say "I recommend indictment." He didn't. Also, he stood up against George W. Bush. People need to paint him as a shill for the same reason that republicans need to paint the media as shills for Hillary: anybody who does harm to their candidate is automatically working for the enemy. It's childish when the right does it and it is just as childish when the left does it. In fact, the left at least acts like it has a brain, so it is *more* childish when the left does it.
The reputation of the FBI would have been irrevocably damaged if he'd invented a politically motivated prosecution that swung a national election. What Comey did hurt her as much as was practically possible. And BTW, I don't think Comey is attacking Clinton cause she's a Democrat. Not all politics is reduceable to right v left. The FBI has always thought the diplomatic community plays fast and loose with information, and Comey saw an opportunity to publicly embarrass a prominent diplomat.
> He's taken every opportunity to blast her Interesting point of view. Would you have prefer he lie and perjure himself? He answered questions regarding Clinton's testimony under oath. Are you accusing him of perjury? If you think that his interview, and the testimony he gave under oath, was politically motivated or a lie then you'll need to prove to me that the statements he made were false. Feel free to watch at 33:00 where he "blasts" her under oath responding to questions from congress lol. https://www.c-span.org/video/?412315-1/fbi-director-james-comey-testifies-hillary-clinton-email-probe
He could have put out a statement saying that Clinton's conduct wasn't criminal, which would have been consistent with the FBI's longstanding practice. Instead, he held a press conference in which he appointed himself the king of the intelligence community and blasted her, something that's essentially without precedent. State and the FBI are equal partners in the intelligence community. Comey doesn't get to talk down to State and lecture them on their information practices. But the press has played along with the idea that Clinton reported to Comey or something. It's amazing that it even got this far. What Clinton did wasn't anywhere near a criminal act, but now we've got this weird narrative that Clinton escaped by the skin of her teeth. Because Comey politicized the process.
You're still focusing on the emails case. This isn't about the emails case. This is about a longstanding open, and never closed, investigation into the Clinton Foundation. The news of which broke on CNN last night. Feel free to watch that news broken here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kiy7BFnubps it's hilarious because CNN is the last place that would want to break such news. The director of the FBI has gone under oath and stated that there was no bias in his investigation. You believe now that, if he was under oath, he would claim there was a bias in the fashion in which he has disclosed this information? I don't believe that would be the case. The Director of the FBI is granted special powers under situations in which "departure [of guidelines] is necessary without such prior approval because of the immediacy or gravity of a threat to the safety of persons or property or to the national security". You can find that outlined here in this document: https://www.justice.gov/archive/opa/docs/guidelines.pdf We don't yet know all the facts but if the these emails substantiate the investigations of the Clinton Foundation investigation that is longstanding and ongoing we could be dealing with a national security issue. In situations such as this, that involve actors in and out of government, that could be pertinent to the safety of the nation due to those actors involved in electoral races I'd consider this a case where departure from guidelines is justifiable. Armchair redditors want to sit on Reddit and scream otherwise in defiance of a life-long lawyer who is the current seating Director of the FBI. I'd imagine the director is far more competent in these determinations than nearly anyone else. He was right 5 months ago and he is right now.
> Are you accusing the FBI director of something? Me? No. But the former chief ethics lawyer in the George W. Bush White House is: > I write to request investigation of apparent violations of the Hatch Act by the Director and perhaps other officials in the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) in connection with highly unusual public statements while voting is underway about the status of an investigation concerning a political candidate, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ... I also request that the Office of Government Ethics ask the FBI to conduct an internal investigation of whether there has been misuse of official position, 5 CFR 2635.702.
George W Bush is a good person to mention since Comey threatened to resign as Assitant Attorney General when Bush tried to get a sickly Ashcroft to sign off on warrantless wiretaps when Comey wouldn't. Comey isn't a shill; he's an idealist. That isn't always a good thing (ask Neddard Stark about where idealism gets you) but he isn't a shill.
What I found interesting is that his own party completely through him under the bus. He was a pariah among his own people. Politically he was damaged, and he really was walloped by the right. I honestly see this as a "save my own skin" type of approach within his own party.
Comey is not a registered Republican. He is quoted saying "not registered any longer". What you're doing is alleging that the Director of the FBI has perjured himself. He answered questions about bias under oath. Accusing the FBI Director of perjury is a pretty bold claim.
Other than speculating about evidence he wasn't even legally allowed to look at yet? That's kind of an issue, wouldn't you say? For what its worth, I don't think Comey was acting in partisan to (R). I think he simply fucked up under the pressure he knew was going to be under and said way more than he should've in his letter to Congress trying to be transparent. I doubt he thought Chaffetz would run straight to the press and immediately begin throwing out misleading information upon receiving the letter. His first and last paragraph were fine, notifying Congress he may have to change his statement but he went overboard in the middle with speculation. He did fuck up. He clearly violated the bureau's own policy on dealing with releasing information, even if only speculation, in regards to a case.
He, himself, has repeatedly broken at least 2 FBI protocols. Let me ask you this... why the fuck hasn't he e-mailed Congress about what he's found regarding the Russian hack and its relation to Trump?
Sure, I welcome information on such a thing. As far as I can tell it's just some loony in congress claiming such a thing exists. The FBI doesn't take a Christmas vacation during an election. They've had an ongoing and never closed case on the Clinton Foundation, which the news of which was broken on CNN here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kiy7BFnubps . So, we have an ongoing longterm case about the Clinton Foundation and 650,000 emails related have come to light. Such a case is likely to implicate tens or maybe hundreds. The FBI must act. Also, I laugh at all these people posting about the Hatch Act lol. Absolutely laughable. If you think investigation a criminal case is a "political action" then you guys are wishful thinkers. An FBI director has nothing to gain. This will be potentially the largest case of history and he's likely very happy to be overseeing it. The only people pretending this isn't a big deal is the Clinton media arm.
> If you think investigation a criminal case is a "political action" then you guys are wishful thinkers. An FBI director has nothing to gain. It's not the investigation itself that people are saying is a political move in this instance - it's the timing and the wording. If he seriously couldn't realize "We found more emails!" would have political repercussions after all the political fallout the investigation has already generated, then's he's too stupid to be in any office and needes to be kicked out and locked away for everyone's good.
More emails were found though. It's the truth. It doesn't really matter if it has political repercussions. Also, he's immune under the Hatch Act so it doesn't matter. He's one of the handful of people exempt due to the way he's appointed to his position. It's part of the [codes](https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/5/7323). Anyway, 650,000 emails with some that include .gov and HillaryClinton metadata were found. He sent a proper notice to the oversight committee letting them know there is a considerable change in circumstances, which would mean his under oath testimony may no longer be true, so that they can make a note of that. Maybe you should blame the oversight committee for disclosing the document to the public in the fashion that they did.
Um, just the Clinton media arm? How about the dozens of leaks from WITHIN THE FBI to the media trying to make Comey look like a flamethrowing maniac?
The FBI is absolutely investigating the Russian hack but perhaps there isn't any evidence that Trump has any involvement? I find it preposterous that a man as bad at politics--and just generally bad at thinking--as Trump is, would be organizing and conspiring with Russians to hack democrats. Here's what is happening there: The Russians want to fuck with our elections and destabilize our government. They see Trump as the chaos candidate and want him in office, so they hack democrats to try to get Trump in office. Trump welcomes this and encourages this behavior, but there's no evidence that they are colluding. They don't need to anyway. Russia doesn't need to talk to Trump to be able to hack the dems and Trump doesn't need to talk to Russia to get them to hack the dems. So, the FBI will investigate the hacks but I doubt they will find a direct connection to Trump.
You're probably right that he's too stupid to pull such a conspiracy off. But I'd bet money on there being connections with Paul Manafort, who ran Trump's campaign for the majority of the cycle. That still implicates Trump, though.
Yea actually. Not only did he break long standing DOJ protocol and ignore the advice of their ethics division, but he also may very well have done something illegal by violating the hatch act.
If laws shouldn't apply to a Secretary of State why should they apply to the head of the FBI. Plenty of people who handwaved away Clintons national security violations are *awful* keen on the letter of the law when it comes to Comey.
Because the laws do apply to the SoS, and that's exactly what Comey said before, that she nothing she did was prosecutable.
> Comey said before, that she nothing she did was prosecutable. Actually what he said was that, based on the evidence they had at the time, nothing she did was prosecutable. They now have new evidence, so he is going to reevaluate the situation based on that evidence, which is exactly what law enforcement should be doing. Justice shouldn't stop just because there's an election going on...
Any misconduct on the part of one party in no way excuses misconduct on the part of another.
Doing your job funded by taxpayers is not in violation of Hatch Act. Also it should be noted how loose the Act is when the POTUS can actively campaign for a candidate. Both sides do it but again it is a double standard. Federal employee with a Trump or Clinton bumper sticker? Hatch violation. POTUS campaigning on our dime instead of running the country? No probs
In all fairness, the Hatch Act explicitly excludes POTUS, VPOTUS, and a few other officials from the restrictions on influencing politics. That being said, Comey felt an obligation to update Congress on the progress of the investigation that he repeatedly said was concluded (may not be exact verbage, but that's the intent). If Comey was a Republican hack, he wouldn't have let Hillary off with a scolding in the first place. He's a federal law enforcement official investigating super shady behavior by former government official.
Comey left the door open for an "October Surprise" by telling Congress that he would be transparent and inform them of any new information. He might of been waiting for the best timing/material to help the Republican party. If you ask me, this is what Obama gets for trying be bipartisan and picking a lifelong Republican as head of the FBI.
I don't think you understand the Hatch Act. One cannot legally use the powers of their office to campaign or affect an election, but they are still free to support candidates and campaign on their own time and outside the scope of their government duties.
It restricts campaign activities and Reid is an idiot for trying to imply that Comey is engaging in campaign activities by sending a memo to Congress to update them on information that he had just received. Comey's other choice was to keep it to himself, which would be a violation of his duties and would result in him getting reamed in hearings well beyond the retirement that he knew was coming one way or another.
>The Hatch Act of 1939, officially An Act to Prevent Pernicious Political Activities, is a United States federal law whose main provision prohibits employees in the executive branch of the federal government, ***except the president, vice-president, and certain designated high-level officials of that branch***, from engaging in some forms of political activity. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hatch_Act_of_1939
Yes I am well aware of the provisions of the Hatch Act an its exclusion of the POTUS I am just saying that is strange. The idea is not as much about Federal Employees having the access to influence elections as it is about the appearance of a bias amongst those paid by the taxpayers. The interpretations of Hatch reminders sent out to employees even mentions bumper stickers, signage at your personal residence, etc. Just seems odd that it cracks down so much on these feds when the POTUS can use taxpayer dollars to campaign for a presidential hopeful. Again, I know it is legal just seems a bit backwards
Good luck on getting him indicted on the Hatch Act. You'd have to prove his memo was intentional political activity and that has about as good a shot of happening as the probability of Hillary not making her inauguration because she's locked up. He got information that week and informed the Congress because, had he sat on that information, he would be sitting in front of Senate hearings for the rest of his life, getting grilled by republicans and they might actually be able to get something to stick. He knows he is out when Clinton takes office. No way she lets the guy who investigated her stick around. Considering all the shit Comey went through with Bush and now with Hillary, he doesn't want the job anymore. I hate Trump and I want Hillary to win but Comey will always have my respect because the way he stood up to Bush in 2004 and the way he has stood up against Hillary shows me that there's somebody left in this bankrupt country who isn't purely partisan.
> ignore the advice of their ethics division Lynch could have ordered him to stand down. She didn't. Why?
Too busy pleading the fifth
Because he was given advice. He choose not to take it. The fact he wasn't ordered to stand down shows that there's no undue influence
Maybe.
I am accusing him of being careless and breaking protocol. That is what he excoriated Clinton for
17 hour old account called Comeyqumqat that has only posted about this topic? I don't think I'm going to trust what you say.
I use throwaways. Stop projecting
The amount of posts you've made in less than a single day on a single topic raises a lot of questions. I'm not one to believe in paid shills, but if there were shills, their comment history would look a lot like yours.
No, he actually mentioned that she **did** violate the law but no "reasonable" prosecutor would bring the case. (Which is not true, nor the job of the FBI to declare.)
Please advise on the exact protocol broken. I'm pretty sure the director of the FBI is far more competent in navigating protocol than a reporter or internet commenter. If there ever was intent they will find it in the 650,000 emails they've just uncovered. That is all they needed for prosecution in the past and it's the only reason they didn't recommend prosecution originally. I applaud the FBI for doing their job.
There are a half a dozen articles on the front page explaining how he broke protocol.
Convincing for a novelty account specifically designed to talk about this. Maybe do some research or I dunno, have some experience in the field before crusading into your next account.
Each of these articles seem to have a large agenda behind them, dammed if you do, dammed if you don't when the other FBI agents only notified him Thursday. "The FBI agents investigating Hillary Clintons use of a private email server knew early this month that messages recovered in a separate probe might be germane to their case, but they waited weeks before briefing the FBI director, according to people familiar with the case." http://townhall.com/tipsheet/mattvespa/2016/10/30/fbi-agents-knew-about-new-emails-weeks-before-director-comey-n2238659 * edited for spelling.
Well then I guess all he has to do is apologize and he'll be off the hook!
That would work for me.
>emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation What kind of loaded meaning are you applying to that word? > **pertinent** >adjective >*relevant or applicable to a particular matter* Why would he want to "soften" the use of an easily understood word? What is intentionally vague about saying: "We don't normally do this, but since we're re-opening a case that we said was closed, I thought it was best to notify you directly as well as explain this to the public. We don't know anything about what we have found, but the fact that we found something compels us to re-open the investigation."
I'm not him, but I assume he means the line about the FBI not being able to tell whether the stuff is significant. I can see why someone would say that it's unclear to say that it's pertinent but maybe not significant. I think that "significant" could mean "matters."
> supplement the record This election couldn't get more meta and ironic if it tried. Until something else happens tomorrow, and the next day, and..
Thank you, but if we were going to find out those things that it was Wieners computer and that they didn't know the contents of the emails, they should have made that explicitly clear initially. That is very important information. Not something that should leak out over the course of 48 hours. Yes, they didn't say that it was pertinent to the investigation, only that it "may" be but they sure as heck put fire on the speculations by not being explicitly clear on what this was.
It's important to note, the FBI isn't doing the leaking. People lambasting the FBI for this are ignorant. The FBI is 100% just doing their jobs. They informed congress, congressmen/women (or more likely staffers) leaked what they wanted the media to know. The FBI can't control congressional staffers to stop them leaking things for political reasons.
They don't know what it was, you see, they have to review them. He really did said exactly that in his letter to both congress and his investigators. Now just my opinion, and my own commentary, I really dont see that letter being sent if their initial findings were minor, but I could definitely be wrong.
[deleted]
I'm speculating yes, and said as much, but I think you are quite a bit as well. We dont know what they are at all. Time will tell how relevant, either way he said that is a possibility in both letters.
No, his letter was intentionally vague. He should have waited to secure a warrant and reviewed them before writing the letter. He didn't have to read all of them, just a review. Because if it turns out all of these emails are from and to Huma and have nothing to do with her work at State then he set a fire for no reason.
>his letter was intentionally vague Can you share some of that magic mind reading stuff you have? It looks powerful.
Can you explain to me how is letter WASN'T vague? Because my powerful mind reading stuff is just regular reading
> He should have waited to secure a warrant and reviewed them before writing the letter. What? Why? Who are you to say what he should have done? There's no argument there. You're just saying stuff (your opinion?), and not even backing it up with even a shred of reason.
650k non-work emails tho? Most employed people handle way more work-related emails than non.
Isn't it 650k total emails they believe about 1000 are related to Huma?
> No, his letter was intentionally vague. He should have waited to secure a warrant and reviewed them before writing the letter. Lets say the warrant gets out and the FBI has said nothing. Are you suggesting that everyone would be in *less* of a coiled ouroborous of shit-eating speculation than they are right now? There's no good way about it. Comeys letter said "I have announced this because people need to know what is going on, since I have previously gone on record saying the investigation is complete". His quote: >I also think it would be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record. They've found more stuff that compels them to re-open the investigation - whether or not they know what it is, the fact that it's a maybe requires them to look into it - and that's what they've announced. It's like if you've investigated a guy for murder and found no murder weapon, and closed the investigation, then later you pull a known associate over for speeding and find a locked gun-case with the previous suspects name on it. Except I don't know enough about regular-people-law to know if that would be admissable for re-opening a case.
It was vague because he had not reviewed the emails because he needed a warrant. The investigators initial findings clearly led them to advise him they were related to the previous clinton email investigation. This is not really that hard to understand. He can't give details because 1.) Under investigation 2.) Had not reviewed said emails because he needed a warrant. Which they now have.
What everyone is saying though is he could have waited until he secured the warrant and did a quick review to see if the emails are relevant. Instead he sent the letter before they even had a warrant to start a fire.
> What everyone is saying though is he could have waited until he secured the warrant and did a quick review to see if the emails are relevant. More fluff. Of course he could have waited. But *why* is it necessary for him to wait?
He didn't have to wait, nor did he have to send the letter immediately. The problem is that FBI policy for the last 50 years has been to avoid politically sensitive announcements this close to an election in order to maintain an apolitical reputation. He chose to release it now knowing full well that it would blow up into more than it actually is politically. He was fully allowed to do so, but many believe that his choice will permanently damage the apolitical reputation of the institution. Especially if the emails turn out to be nothing.
You wanted him to drop this next week?
I wanted him to drop it when he had actual information
Would you have wanted the same for Nixon?
How can he do that when there is approximately 650,000 emails?
They are going to take weeks to review. Let's play this out, he doesn't say anything to congress, either the warrant gets leaked or Hillary is elected and weeks down the road they send this letter knowing they had this stuff weeks before the election. It's really damned if you do, damned if you dont. I think he made the best choice he could.
Give me an hour and I can have a python API setup to pare down the emails on the machines to those where Clintons personal email was used. From there it can compare text between those emails and the ones I already have. After that we have a list that needs to be reviewed more closely. A brief analysis could flag other keywords and use that to get an even shorter list that can be more closely reviewed to determine if anything even looks promising. Yes, the full review of the emails will take time. A brief review should take hours to a day depending on how much got cut down. It really isn't as much of a "damned if you do damned if you don't" situation as you imply. Right now, they are getting a warrant for a pile of stuff. They have no way of knowing what is in that pile of stuff until they have it. Once they have it and can do the brief examination required to decide if there is anything in it worth pursuing, then it makes sense to release something saying "we have stuff." Right now its just "we want to get some stuff and thought you should know."
Yup! Better to be upfront. We have a right to know if her emails are being looked into again. She should have just used the email account issued to her. I have a normal IT job and I just use the email account they gave me and abide by the company's policies. It really is that simple. She chose to do everything in this convoluted way, for reasons only she knows, and now she is getting investigated. Why is Comey, the messenger, getting shot over this? Everyone was praising him when he closed the investigation a few months ago saying that he did the right thing, etc, but now this whole thing is a problem. smh.
I'm not saying weeks, I'm saying, secure the warrant, which apparently he managed to do today, then review the metadata which they did, and then notify congress. Because if it turns out all of this was for nothing, for emails that have nothing to do with the 33k or state department, it's going to blow up in their face. Or he can release everything he has, which everyone seems to be calling him to do, and let the American people decide.
> I'm saying, secure the warrant, which apparently he managed to do today, then review the metadata which they did, and then notify congress. But why? Why? Why? Why? You never say *why* that is the ideal way to do things. All he said was that they found more emails, and possibly, they're relevant to the Clinton E-mail Case. Any conclusion you're coming to is because of *you're* jumping there.
All he would've need to do is get the warrant, search the emails for sender name, date range, keywords, subject line, etc. Then he tells Congress "we have x number of emails to/from Clinton from her tenure as SoS. X are duplicates of emails we have already reviewed and X are emails not perviously reviewed. We are investigating and we'll alert you as to our findings."
Wow.. you really think an FBI investigation is as simple as searching email text through outlook.
I think it is painfully obvious what it is, an outlook cache(It would explain why she did not know about them, especially since she is not very tech savy)
Exactly. If we're lucky, they're all from her time post-State, and we can get on with this farce of an election in relative peace in a few days.
And if we are not lucky?
There are 650k emails. Huma has been working for Hillary for 20 years, and likely kept everything.
What is it like to be so cognitively dissonant that you're still supporting one of the most evil and corrupt people **on the planet**?? How do you manage that??
I don't think I understand your post. Wouldn't it be better if it's all the e-mails so that we can finally just have the full truth?
Not going to stop certain people from stating it proves Clinton should be locked up.
If they were from her time post-state then why would they have been deemed relevant to the Clinton investigation?
They are relevant because they were on a device Huma used. That's it. That's the bombshell. They have no clue what's in them yet.
They haven't been. The emails haven't been looked at because they need a court order to do so. The FBI doesn't know when they're from yet and they could turn out to be entirely irrelevant.
Many of these emails have clearly been read. Hence the reason they were turned over to begin with. Wake the fuck up.
How could they have been read without a warrant?
They *had* a warrant. For a different investigation.
They obviously have been looked at to some extent because the team that were searching in the Weiner case referred them on to the team on the Clinton case, and then both teams contacted Comey. They must have examined the material to some extent to decide that this was a necessary step.
That would be illegal. They probably just saw the "from" line.
It is not illegal to stumble upon new information. They were investigating Weiner and had authority to search his laptop. Once they discovered information to a different case they then could pursue a new warrant, though I do not believe they needed one. I just think he is covering his butt for all possible contingencies.
A warrant for one house does not let you break into the one next door.
Same computer. Same outlook program. Bad analogy.
When the stolen stuff is in the house you have a warrant for and it implicates the next house it isn't illegal for them to examine that evidence. Weiner was the owner of the laptop they had the authority to examine it.
Untrue. They need a court order to *admit* the evidence. They may well already know what they are dealing with.
Didn't Comey say in his letter that they didn't have the warrant to even see them?
I don't think he did, no.
No, he said that the FBI didn't know what was in the emails, and didn't know whether or not they were relevant to any investigation involving Clinton. No mention of a warrant.
He said "appear" relevant. In legal speak that means "we have to actually look at them to know." Aka we haven't actually looked at them, but hey, they could be. It's like how a locked safe would appear relevant during a drug raid, but might contain nothing.
I suggest you ask a lawyer when they would use the term "pertinent."
He specifically said "appears pertinent". That is code for "were gonna need a warrant."
http://legal-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/pertinent
And?
It means evidence has been found and now they need a warrant. Prosecutors do not use that word lightly.
cant add 2+2? It means that Comey a lawyer, used a word in a letter sent to presumably mostly lawyers, that means there is evidence that likely proves the allegations. The use of that specific word was likely intentional. Why make the announcement and risk his career over nothing or to just clear her again? Think. Just think. Connect some dots.
In the meantime, instead of just looking at the emails, they are probably wading through 2-3 weeks of bureaucratic overhead.
*It's like how a locked safe would appear relevant during a drug raid, but might contain nothing.* So.... like safes posted to Reddit
Nooooo! The suspense! The hype! Nothing! Ruined safe posts forever.
Yeah, I really doubt Huma and Weiner would be using a four to eight year old laptop.
Depending on how her outlook was setup on the server her local machine could have downloaded all the emails from the server since the creation of her email.
She also did work for the Clinton Foundation, so these emails could be to/from her Clinton server email and yet still be entirely unrelated to any State Departmemt work.
>She also did work for the Clinton Foundation, so these emails could be to/from her Clinton server email and yet still be entirely unrelated to any State Departmemt work. Couldn't this be used for near-blanket immunity for anything? Legitimately asking, this is by no means my area of expertise.
We know there is a separate unit at the FBI that is investigating the Clinton Foundation. The fact that the email investigation unit was contacted tells us directly that emails were discovered from Hillary's server, and very likely extremely sensitive ones as well. It is almost certain that whatever was found will also be relevant to the investigation into the Clinton Foundation. But it isn't surprisingly most people aren't aware of the difference since most mainstream "journalists" these days aren't even aware there are multiple ongoing investigations. And with such strong pro-Clinton astroturfing on social media these days, the same thing holds for a significant portion of the general public.
If they are "extremely sensitive," that means they read them without a warrant and violated the constitution.
Please read up on Fourth Amendment protections and exclusions before posting inaccurate information on Reddit: (1) If Weiner gave consent to a search of his laptop no warrant is required to read any of the emails on that machine. You are correct that if a warrant was required to search Weiner's laptop it would have specified the scope of the investigation and the authorities could not have dug around outside that scope, but if in the course of that discovery the authorities discovered problematic out-of-scope emails a separate warrant can be issued for the out-of-scope investigation to continue and neither of the searches are illegal. Rumours are that Weiner gave consent to the original search and that the authorities are covering their bases by getting a separate warrant for the FBI investigation into the emails to continue: this is all perfectly legal. (2) Even if there was no warrant and no consent for the Weiner search, it isn't clear that Fourth Amendment protections against unreasonable search and seizure even apply in this case because the work-related documents the FBI uncovered *should* have been turned over to the government and thus been available for prosecutors to find and use through legal channels. The legal principle here is "Inevitable Discovery": https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inevitable_discovery It is true that Hillary and Huma could argue that this exception does not apply because their documents were deliberately hidden and thus would not have normally been turned over to the State Department, but that would require them to confess in Federal Court to obstruction of justice, perjury and the destruction of public records. (3) All government documents are public property. One implication of this is that the sensitivity of any materials found cannot preclude investigators from looking at it as long as they have the right to do so as a lawful search. The only potential crime would be distributing and/or not protecting classified information if one has a legal obligation to protect it. This is why the New York Times can publish the Manning leaks without fear of legal repercussions, but Hillary is getting in trouble for sharing material with Huma and having it leaked to Weiner.
I'm gonna be short here - I am a lawyer, you clearly are not. Everything you said is wrong for numerous reasons and/or irrelevant. Like, honestly, I am shocked by both how confident and how bad this analysis is. For example, you seem wholly unaware of spousal communication privilege, the exclusionary rule, and your description of the "exclusionary rule" is nonsensical.
> If they are "extremely sensitive," that means they read them without a warrant and violated the constitution. You need a better law school. "Inevitable Discovery" is part of the exclusionary rule, I even gave you the link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inevitable_discovery And Hillary is not married to Weiner and is not protected by spousal privilege.
Maybe you are misunderstanding. They need a warrant to read the emails. If they know they are "extremely sensitive," that means they would know the content. They didn't have a warrant and therefore could not legally know the content.
Hillary has already asked to "put it all right on the table", I'm personally ignoring all speculation until we see what will happen with that.
Nothing is preventing her from exposing the emails herself and coming clean. But she won't. She needs to look like she 'wants them out' so she can look like she has nothing to hide. But deep down she knows that she is fucked. She is just hoping that the American people are stupid enough to feel sorry for her so she can get elected and pardon herself.
That's...not how pardons work
If only Hillary had put it all on the table a year ago. If only. Why did you do such a strange thing as have your own email server, Hillary? Nobody knows anybody who has ever done such a thing. Why, Hillary?
> Nobody knows anybody who has ever done such a thing. Because [Colin Powell, the previous SoS advised her to do it](http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/09/hillary-clinton-emails-2016-server-state-department-fbi-214307) >>In the days after she was sworn in, Hillary Clinton also contacted her predecessor, Colin Powell, to ask how he had managed his information flow as secretary of state from 2001 to 2005. In his early weeks, Powell recalled, hed received several security briefings that restricted his ability to communicate. Hed questioned the NSA and CIA on why PDAs were anymore of a risk than the television remote controls. He never got a convincing answer. And so, he advised Hillary Clinton to resist restrictions that would inhibit her ability to communicate. But he told her to choose wisely and not to create an unnecessary paper trail. He said if it became public that Clinton had a BlackBerry and she used it to do business, her emails could become official record[s] and subject to the law. As Powell said: Be very careful. I got around it all by not saying much and not using systems that captured the data.
> Nobody knows anybody who has ever done such a thing. Except, you know, [the Bush administration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bush_White_House_email_controversy).
[deleted]
You didn't read the article I linked. It's ok. It's an easy mistake to make.
Remind me why it's a good argument that another person did something wrong, completely unrelated, almost 2 administrations ago, so you're exempt from criticism. cuz I can't seem to understand that. Seriously? We're still name dropping bush?
> so you're exempt from criticism You appear to be arguing against a point I did not make. I'll give you a minute to go back and read my comment again before we continue this conversation. Let me know when you've finished...
Feel free to try to re read and comprehend then cuz I don't have an obligation to spell it out to someone clearly playing dumb
Because that post was a direct response to someone saying that "Nobody knows anybody who has ever done such a thing" by providing an example of someone else who had done the same thing, perhaps?
Because they'll spin it however they think they need to. It's what Clinton and her supporters do. Muddying the waters is always the go to technique.
> The note added that it would "be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record. STR, yo.
Didn't she get the idea from Colin Powell?
Also Jeb Bush and Scott Walker.
I'm guessing FBI workers looked through the emails to see if it was worth the career destruction of Comey / contained any evidence. I'm fairly sure they found quite a bit of incriminating evidence. Not just "circumstantial" emails. That would be why Comey came out with it 11 days before the election. He *knows* the investigation will turn up a lot. Otherwise - these emails would have been quietly mentioned away from the public eye, and disappeared into the investigation never to be heard of.
>I'm guessing FBI workers looked through the emails to see if it was worth the career destruction of Comey / contained any evidence. Are you saying they searched the evidence without a warrant? I wouldn't guess that. >He knows the investigation will turn up a lot. I could imagine circumstances in which that is true, but generally speaking you know what you find after you look. You can try to guess what's going on based on what you know. Maybe he knows there are important emails, but you could just as easily assume Hillary knows there's nothing there and that's why she wants to put it all on the table. So let's be smart about it, we know almost nothing, the vast majority of relevant information has yet to be revealed.
> "put it all right on the table" She can say that because she knows it's got zero probability of actually happening. Clearly there was classified info already, and if they found it in the part that they recovered, this archive probably has it too. At least she can't blame this part on the Russians.
Hillary could have put it all on the table initially.. But instead she deleted the emails after they were subpoenaed.. And apparently there's nothing wrong with that. Blows my mind how she's not in prison right now.
Just asking so others will see, exactly which law did she break in this scenario?
Destruction of evidence. Do you honestly think the FBI would let it slide if you used bleachbit on your email server after it was subpoenaed? You'd have been in jail that day.
It's not true though, and it's why the FBI never charged her with such. I know getting the news in easy to eat morsels might be simpler then actually looking up what happen. But Clinton wasnt bleaching anything and there is zero evidence she did. And please inform me of the evidence of Clinton doing this cause I and the FBI must have missed this crucial piece of material. Better yet just email it to the FBI. Some slacker staffer fucked up and deleted emails later then he was supposed to.
Yes, we allow our government officials to have private lives. Shocking, I know. Look into how subpoenas work for emails in any legal case. You get a subpoena, attorneys set up perimeters on what to search for, those emails are then turned over. Comey recovered over 17,000 of the deleted emails, and found no smoking gun.
Because that is not true. Or if we are being generous to you, it was rated "half true" by politifact.
Politifact is partisan nonsense. Trump cited the same numbers as Bernie once. One was true, the other half true. Guess which was which? It's a joke.
Have a nice day.
Thats one of the most foolish statements I've read in a while and plays into exactly what Clinton wants people to do; ignore until it's too late. She knows that the FBI won't release evidence pertaining to an active investigation. For someone to even think that her statement holds any credibility whatsoever is incredibly naive.
Welcome to the current state of r/politics. A delusional echo chamber where trump is an evil mass rapist...let's not forget the tens of thousands of lives hillary is responsible for taking in various countries over the years.
you sure doing an echo by repeating this stupid thing that you know will only seen and ignored in this subreddit
> She knows that the FBI won't release evidence pertaining to an active investigation Just like they didn't say anything before reading the files?
FUCK. Reading this shit is so frustrating. He is required to notify congress. There wasn't a choice. Investigations aren't just released to the public. That's not how that works. Go watch any press conference regarding any ongoing investigation and witness officials commenting on how they can't speak on matters of an ongoing investigation. She did this to herself, deal with it. This shit isn't happening for no reason. No one wants trump to win, especially establishment.
> He is required to notify congress. There wasn't a choice. I'd ask for a source, but at this point I'm pretty sure it's Uranus.
I'd ask for a contribution at all, but at this point I'm pretty sure you're 7
> He is required to notify congress. There wasn't a choice. Didn't his own memo to his staff say they normally don't even inform congress about on-going investigations?
The House Congress is drafting Articles of Impeachment, do you understand how serious this is?
No, he literally was not required to. The director of the FBI is a member of the executive branch. He does not report to the legislative branch. He was under no obligation to inform Congress of an ongoing investigation into their political rival.
Hillary had had the chance to 'put it all on the table' many times and chosen not to. She just wants them to show their hand about what they have so she can start spinning it.
>Hillary had had the chance to 'put it all on the table' many times and chosen not to. How so?
Every single time in the last 2 years that Congress had requested her emails regarding Bengazi and whatnot and when Congress issued a subpoena for them.
But she didn't have them...so...
[deleted]
She had them up until a month AFTER a subpoena was served for them.
She had a congressional subpoena to turn over all emails and stated that she had. As a Government employee, she shouldn't have deleted anything permanently. If there are emails in this email list which are to/from her server (Which is likely, considering who's computer it is), this could be VERY bad. Illegal, jail bad. "I turned them all over" and deleting evidence... that type of bad.
> As a Government employee, she shouldn't have deleted anything permanently. [Not true. She's only being picked on because she's Clinton.](http://www.npr.org/sections/itsallpolitics/2015/04/02/396823014/fact-check-hillary-clinton-those-emails-and-the-law) >>Of course, before electronic communication, federal records were routinely filtered by individuals, who sorted their papers before handing over boxes to archivists. And, many federal workers, Capitol Hill staff, etc., use personal email accounts  in addition to their official accounts  and choose what, if anything, is turned over from those.
Look up "What is a government record". (It'll help you understand better) Her emails were a record, since they contained confidential, secret and top secret information. She was required to save them, even if not locally on her server. I take it you don't work for the government or understand the rules?
>She had a congressional subpoena to turn over all emails and stated that she had. She did. >As a Government employee, she shouldn't have deleted anything permanently. She didn't. >If there are emails in this email list which are to/from her server (Which is likely, considering who's computer it is), this could be VERY bad. Illegal, jail bad. "I turned them all over" and deleting evidence... that type of bad. I have a JD. Even if this is the case, you are wrong...unless intent can be shown.
I have a supreme pizza, and you're wrong.
> She did. She absolutely did not. > She didn't. She absolutely did.
Uh bleachbit.. lol
She had a subpoena to turn over all work related emails. This is the part that always gets murky. The rest of your conjecture is based on facts not in evidence.
And who decided what was work/non-work related? Her lawyers? Some dumbass who asked Reddit for IT help?
Let me add to that by saying if she had nothing to hide, she shouldn't have *chosen not to keep* all the emails. She could've turned them all over, faced the consequences, and moved on. Instead she might have just cost herself an election. EDIT: "delete" -> "chosen not to keep" so that I don't disrespect this most dignified and proud election cycle.
> Let me add to that by saying if she had nothing to hide, she shouldn't have deleted all the emails. [That's not her fault because she just followed accepted practice](http://www.npr.org/sections/itsallpolitics/2015/04/02/396823014/fact-check-hillary-clinton-those-emails-and-the-law). I agree she should have realized how the Republican echo chamber would lie about everything related to it, but hindsight is everything, isn't it?
So- she shouldn't be allowed any personal correspondence and should have let the congressional Republicans go through it all? Bitching about Chelsea, her friend complaining about a personal issue- her mistake was having one account that left her open to these inquiries- but that doesn't mean she has no right to any personal info. The FBI recovered 17,000 of them and there was apparently nothing earth shattering that she was attempting to hide- but it's still not good enough. Sigh.
She might have cost *us* the election.
>Let me add to that by saying if she had nothing to hide, she shouldn't have deleted all the emails. Good news, she did not delete the emails. So the rest of your point is moot.
Unless she was protecting her boss. As the rumor goes...
She even had her IT guy scrub her files after the Congressional subpoena. She has done nothing but avoid cooperating since this all started.
> She even had her IT guy scrub her files after the Congressional subpoena. Again [not true](http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/09/hillary-clinton-emails-2016-server-state-department-fbi-214307).
Thank you! That is why I (still) think this email thing is so bad and not merely Republican posturing. She denied she sent or received any classified info, said it wasn't classified at the time, then claimed she turned everything over and complied completely with the FBI. This last new discovery and the Paul Combetta thing show even that last statement isn't true.
Which is clear obstruction of justice. She clearly had intent, and should have been indicted. Now she actually may be.
Her defacto response to anything that might be negative is to cover up or deflect. It's why you never get a straight answer out of her. Release totally benign wall street speeches? Nah I'll evade and deflect for months. Release "yoga" emails? Nope I'll delete them, wipe them from all recovery and destroy the devices they were on. Regardless of whether she's actually done anything wrong, she comes across shady as hell in everything she does.
>Her defacto response to anything that might be negative is to cover up or deflect. You blame her? Look at how she's treated. >Release totally benign wall street speeches? Benign and yet still exploited word by word for political gain by all of her opposition. >Release "yoga" emails? Nope I'll delete them, wipe them from all recovery and destroy the devices they were on. This is just a completely false characterization of what happened, but I'm tired of arguing the point with the reddit brain trust.
This
I know it makes me wish she was more transparent to begin with (e.g. didn't delete the 33k emails to begin with). She seems to be the poster child for "the cover up is worse than the crime"
She told them to delete those emails well before there was even an investigation. How many emails have you deleted? I've certainly deleted a lot.
I'm not running for public office
It's not illegal to delete emails...
Never said it was, just that she would have been better served calling for transparency earlier instead of deleting emails
No candidate in history has been asked to provide every personal note they sent to friends and family over a period of years. That's what they're asking: for her to publish all of her personal correspondence for years.
No candidate has been accused of illegally handling classified information. *All* her emails are relevant to the case of "did she send or receive classified information on her private server"
> (e.g. didn't delete the 33k emails to begin with). That deletion [is a normal part of archival, it's just that the law hadn't caught up to electronic forms of communication](http://www.npr.org/sections/itsallpolitics/2015/04/02/396823014/fact-check-hillary-clinton-those-emails-and-the-law) >>Of course, before electronic communication, federal records were routinely filtered by individuals, who sorted their papers before handing over boxes to archivists. And, many federal workers, Capitol Hill staff, etc., use personal email accounts  in addition to their official accounts  and choose what, if anything, is turned over from those. So, she just did what she would have normally done with "paper" correspondence, i.e. pick and choose what got turned over to the archivists. We're just never going to see the end of this nonsense about emails because (a) she's a woman and (b) she's a Democrat.
?"A State Department spokeswoman says Hillary Clinton did not break any rules by relying solely on her personal email account. Federal law allows government officials to use personal email so long as relevant documents are preserved for history." From your source. It has been shown that government emails were deleted.
Pretty sure as Queen that all power stems from Hillary.
Relevant documents. Is there any indication that relevant documents were deleted? Literally, what if it's all risotto recipes, how would you feel if that she literally just deleted thousands of risotto recipes?
> From your source. It has been shown that government emails were deleted. Yes, and the article also states that >>Of course, before electronic communication, federal records were routinely filtered by individuals, who sorted their papers before handing over boxes to archivists. So picking and choosing the "correspondence" that would be turned over to the government archivists was a normal part of the office. Unless of course you're Hillary Clinton, in which case doing what is normal is a crime.
First, what happened before emails is irrelevant to what she did with her email. Second, there were a lot of government emails they found that were not handed over. If there was proof of that type of action with written correspondence it would be just as large a deal.
Well if the Democrats take the House and Senate then maybe it will end for 2 years.
Typical Shill. Stop using the woman card you dweeb. I feel bad your checks are going to stop in a week.
Wait, I should be getting money for this? Where do I sign up???
It is federally illegal to delete government emails as a government employee. Stop spreading lies.
> It is federally illegal to delete government emails as a government employee. Stop spreading lies. It is illegal now. It wasn't illegal when she was Secretary of State. Obama signed a law in [2014 making it illegal](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/article/2015/mar/12/hillary-clintons-email-did-she-follow-all-rules/). So when she did it, it was perfectly legal for her to do it. Stop being so dumb with such a smart device at your fingertips.
So when the bush administration did it, it was perfectly legal? There goes that talking point.
News flash: It is illegal to delete evidence that could be part of an investigation in the future AKA evidence related to an illegal activity. When she deleted all those emails, that was against the law - way prior to Obama. Deleting child pornography, for example, because you know the cops are about to come through the door, is illegal. Has been for over a decade. Wiping your finger prints off a crime scene - is also illegal. What she did is no different. This is nothing new. And then lying about it to Congress?? She broke so many laws doing what she did, they just don't know where to start.
But the deletions were made after the investigators asked to see her emails which raises suspicion
Raises suspicion perhaps, but the FBI has already looked into that and determined that she wasn't responsible.
*determined they didn't have enough evidence to charge her
It's still normal, because with "paper email", (aka letters), the letters would still be "filtered" before being handed over. Note that in principle I agree that the emails should not have been deleted. But it was perfectly legal to delete them back when Clinton was the Secretary of State. (Obama changed the law in 2014 and now it's not legal anymore.)
It's also my understanding that the emails should have actually been deleted before it was asked to see them (due to a pre-existing request to delete them), and the actual deletion was related to that. I'm sure there's some spin on it, but that's my understanding
Right but her calls for transparency are undermined by her deleting the emails. Why not be transparent then?
That deletion keeps being brought up, but those were e-mails that weren't supposed to be turned in. The problem though o/c is that since they are deleted, you can't just prove they are all personal correspondences which is why the right keeps harping on about them and making up fictional narratives where these are the ones that truly show there's a smoking gun, and so on.
Thank you! She would also look guilty refuting every rumor and repeating that the emails were personal and probably contained ammunition for more attacks.
Yep, she learned that lesson the hard way. Now everyone thinks she discusses her global crime ring in government emails like a true criminal mastermind.
There a ton of emails they found that were business and were not turned over.
Right we only have her word they were personal so it really comes down to how much you trust Clinton when asking yourself if there is anything pertinent in the deleted files. So again, transparency would have helped prevent the crazy right wing conspiracies from starting
>That deletion keeps being brought up, but those were e-mails that weren't supposed to be turned in. We don't know that because they were deleted. That's the problem.. So we have Hillary's word on that, which is worth absolutely nothing..
Because at every possible point of the investigation into her emails she has lied. She lied about everything. She only apologized after the director of the FBI scolded her like a school child for being extremely careless, after nearly a year of repeatedly lying about every aspect of the email server.
No we have outside counsel's word. They've been interviewed by FBI and confirmed all emails were saved or deleted using search terms and filtering of to:, from:, and cc: fields. Let me put it this way. I give you my 60,000 emails. You cannot delete any that went to or was received from any US or foreign government official or persons of interest to the US government (opposition leaders etc.) You cannot delete any email that has the words drone or Benghazi in them (there might be some other keywords, I can't recall). You have never seen these emails before. So somehow people are claiming these deleted emails which didn't fit the criteria above have incriminating evidence. It would require Hillary to literally foresee the future. She'd have to write this email to someone outside the known circles and avoid any of the keywords.
Hillary's biggest problem is that she's so terrified of giving the GOP ammo that she ends up making herself look worse. Way she sees it if she isn't blocking any attempt at transparency than it's going to be used against her. She's not wrong either. I feel like a massive irony is that 30 years of close scrutiny towards Hillary Clinton from right wingnuts has turned her into the exact type of paranoid liar they always claimed she was. And really, I can't blame her. Her haters are truly fucking relentless.
Agree, totally unfit for the presidency
Donald Trump has lied more in the past week than Clinton has in her entire life, you know this right? Not only that, he's bad at it. At least Clinton doesn't suck at everything she does.
> Donald Trump has lied more in the past week than Clinton has in her entire life, you know this right? Cite your sources. Or shut up.
LOL i'm not voting for trump. He is also unfit
Bill did the same by the way the special prosecutor and the impeachment was entirely his fault if he was honest about the affair hardly anyone would have cared (look at how little impact trumps pussygrabbing had on the polls)
> (look at how little impact trumps pussygrabbing had on the polls) He went from a virtual tie with Clinton to being down by double digits, the fuck you talking about?
He was down 7.5 the week before the comments and 7-8 the week after http://elections.huffingtonpost.com/pollster/2016-general-election-trump-vs-clinton you are making stuff up.
>look at how little impact trumps pussygrabbing had on the polls Broadly that would be a fair point... but this is Republicans here; "family values" isn't about actual standards that everyone has to meet, it's about a easily digestible attack marker for their enemies. These are the same people who send chain emails around about how it's okay to elect a godless rapist when he's on their ticket because 'God can use pagans to achieve good works' but have spent the last couple of decades trying to destroy people on the other side because they don't meet their professed standards of piety. That's how Republicans and Evangelicals twist and weaponize their base.
It was different back in the 90s, and they were trying to say at the time that it was a huge security issue- vulnerable to blackmail, telling Monica secrets, etc... they investigated for four years trying to impeach him.
Then most of them turned out to be cheating or child molesters like Hastert.
Huh, kinda like Watergate
The coverup is what the IRS nukes you from orbit for. It's where you move past the possibility of honest mistake into definite premeditated crime.
This is a tin-foil hat theory, but I think Huma kept a back up on her husbands laptop as either future blackmail or to ensure that she doesn't take the fall for this scandal. Huma and Carlos Danger were the up and coming political couple with white house ambitions and were quite savvy at playing the game. This laptop was only found because Weiner's peeper wanted to take all the selfies and share them with the world.
Ah yes, the OST file labeled "life insurance". Should be nothing at all, no idea why the FBI would announce they found a file like that.
It is literally just 650,000 email offers to buy life insurance. This just shows how great a person Weiner is really, he cares so much about his family that he wanted to be sure he had the absolute best life insurance policy to help provide for his family if he ever died because Hillary sent someone to kill him for revealing her secrets.
If there's any evidence Hillary isn't offing people it's the continued existence of Weiner
sauce on the folder name? that'd be funny as fuck
The faked "files" that Wikileaks said they uncovered, which proved to be from the DNC hack.
This started popping up on my FB feed from some friends of friends this evening. I looked into it a bit, apparently it's from a tweet by a texas daytime tv host/political activist says there are 10,000 emails in a folder labeled "life insurance." So, made up shit from a wingnut.
For the record, an outlook "cache" is not a temporary file. Its an OST file that Outlook uses to archive and save all emails you tell the program to save locally. All sent, received, deleted that haven't been truly deleted...you get the picture. If its the OST file, they have basically all of her emails barring any form of "delete emails older than X days old" rules or quotas. Since this is her (and/or husbands) personal machine, I doubt that is in place.
Outlook: Microsoft complicates the world of email. Are any of the Karl Rove gwb43.com emails on Outlook somewhere? When does Comey go after them? Harry Reid is right. >"Your actions in recent months have demonstrated a disturbing double standard for the treatment of sensitive information, with what appears to be clear intent to aid one political party over another," the letter says. "I am writing to inform you that my office has determined that these actions may violate the Hatch Act." >The act bars government officials from using their authority to influence elections.
The folder where the stuff was found was apparently named "life insurance". I think it's obvious they have something big, Weiner and even Huma might talk a lot, we will see in the coming weeks.
So she wiped it? Like with a rag? Har har har har
Considering the amount of emails they deal with, Cached Exchange mode might have been on and set for something less than Unlimited. That could mean less than all of her emails where there.
Now all they need to do is send the laptop by regular mail. without any backup copies of the media and "lose" it like they did the other one.
You're referring to a .PST. Which can be moved from machine to machine, and doesn't necessarily reflect what's on the server. The .OST is simply a local, cached copy of the mailbox on the server. They can be converted or rather copied/exported to a .PST with 3rd party software.
Not entirely correct for Exchange emails. PST and OST are not the same thing. OST files are pulled from the server. If the FBI had full access to Clinton exchange server there is nothing new here. PST files are "archives" saved emails on the local computer and may not be on the email server if it was wiped. If they found PSTs or even OSTs after the exchange server was wiped there might be something new here. I just figure the FBI was competent enough to know what was on the Clinton email server by now.
I always get PST and OST backwards. Thanks for reminding me man.
No problem. The nicest PM from r/politics I've ever received lol. Thanks
I've been on the phone with people in the Federal government all week about Hosted Exchange. Lol
i thought it was a PST file is there a difference ?
You can convert an OST to a PST
If you set up an IMAP account, outlook creates an OST file which is indeed a local cache of the contents of that account. If you delete this OST file, Outlook will just recreate it and re-download your emails. In the case of an IMAP account, the OST file really is just a local cache.
I still use .pst files. Am I old?
Isn't it .PST?
> Since this is her (and/or husbands) personal machine For clarification, I believe these files were found on a personal laptop or device belonging to Anthony Weiner. This is not coming from the Clinton server.
It is a cache though. Outlook even calls it a "cache" file, which is one reason it's different from a PST which contains everything, even stuff that isn't on the server any longer. Because depending on the version of Outlook, it stores only a replica of whatever information is on the server. Newer versions of Outlook (2013 and newer) by default cache a replica of only the past year of emails locally, and the user can choose as few as a few days to as long as indefinitely. But the thing is, as soon as they delete anything locally, it's removed from the server as well. And vice-versa...that's how Exchange/ActiveSync works. The only way to not have a cache file is to manually disable it through either the mailbox settings or a group policy, which of course she wouldn't have known how to do, nor thought it would be necessary. My bet: one time she was on vacation and she asked "can I borrow your laptop"....she opened up Outlook as she normally did on her own computer, logged into her email account, and it configured itself for her email account automatically through the Exchange AutoDiscover XML file for the email domain. This of course then cached the email locally. She never gave any thought to the configuration of Outlook, or how it works. Why would she question it? If you log into Gmail or Yahoo on your computer, it doesn't keep a copy of your inbox locally...
It really depends on if it is an imap or pop3 setup.
default can be 50 GB ost file
Good information. Though, I think we can reasonably assume they were not using Outlook 2013. The timeline of these emails mostly pertains to Hillary's tenure at Sec of State. I think. She moved on from that job in 2013. To be fair, we really have no idea. In the coming days we will learn more I am sure.
This is true. And regardless of the version of Outlook she was using, it's most likely going to be only a "snapshot" at one point in time, assuming she really did not use it frequently on that computer. So it could have some emails on it that were deleted from the server at a later date, if Outlook had not synced again with Exchange after they were deleted from her mailbox on another device. But still, the OST file would only contain whatever data was on the server at the time of the last sync.
Well deleted isn't deleted either. I'm sure there has been some file carving going on...
This would also only contain emails to/from/cc of the owner of that OST file. This wouldn't be the entire database of emails that's stored on any server.
Cached Shared Folders, with Hillary's Mailbox attached could lead to this situation.
Only if everyone used the same login, or the PST file was on a shared directory. Most PST files end up in the users' documents folder, each of which is isolated from that of other users.
True. There are 650,000+ emails stored according to respected media. There's no way multiple outlook accounts have not been used on that machine. The question then becomes, how many accounts accessed their email servers. According to Wikileaks, Miss Huma logged into Hillary's account sometimes to handle business. That will be the thing the FBI is really looking for.
"According to Wikileaks"- um, yeah, let's not let this become a careless blanket phrase. You should still cite an actual vetted source.
If that's true then the fuzz may have everything Hillary ever sent or received.
Or could be copies of emails Hillary sent to her that had classified information.
So now we use a hacker's work product as a source. That's just wrong. We don't even blink when we do it. I actually saw a MSM piece that cited the fact that Wikileaks didn't contain any hacked email on a topic as proof that what this person was accused of never happened.
How is that not illegal? That is a gigantic compliance problem. You cannot allow another person to willingly login to your accounts or use them.
In my experience 'good idea' and 'compliance problem' are both equally ignored if they interfere with 'get my fucking work done'.
Hahahaha. Hey barb my pw isn't working. Can I login to check a PO
"I'm too busy to manage my schedule and minions, give my assistant access to my account"
What I don't understand here, with this huge email search, is what exactly people are expecting or hoping to find? Just something to make Clinton look bad or something actually worth FBI manpower and money?
I forgot about this! Great point. It would perhaps explain why so many emails. * Huma's account. * Weiner's account. * Hillary's account. * Carlos Danger's account. All four are screwed.
Being an IT person, how was Outlook even usable with that many emails in the OST? Most peoples' start to crap out around 40-60k.
I know right? Attorneys must store all emails for obvious reasons. Though, at least the ones I managed on the IT side...they saved everything. I had tape archives from the early 90s we kept. After 10k or so emails, their outlook would perform noticeably slower and I would archive them for them periodically. We had no quota or purging rules in place for older stuff. Wouldn't make sense anyways considering the work environment.
Supposedly only some thousands are related to the Clinton investigation, so it's probably quite limited in scope. The rest of the 650,000 e-mails are Anthony Weiner's.
Source?
It's probably 90% junk mail.
"Agent Harrison, you need to take a look at this" "HOLY FUCKITY FUCK!"
It takes one.
It takes one for... what exactly? A slap on the wrist as has been practice for decades of civilians involved in a spillage of classified info: >Justice Department officials say they generally do not prosecute civilians at the CIA, Pentagon, State Department or other federal agencies who mishandle secret documents, as long as there is no evidence of criminal intent, the information is not divulged to a third party, and the employees are disciplined administratively by their agencies. https://www.washingtonpost.com/archive/politics/2000/03/18/us-inconsistent-when-secrets-are-loose/6a928f72-d79b-430d-9c0b-93c67af05568/ And that is from 2000 before this ever became so bullshit politicized.
>and the employees are disciplined administratively by their agencies Has anybody been disciplined administratively? Who exactly fell on their sword over this?
To prove perjury, obstruction, whatever else. Like If one of those emails isn't about grandma stuff and yoga, you know, like she claims.
> To prove perjury, obstruction, whatever else. I know it's fun to throw around words you heard on Law & Order, but you should really learn what they mean before you use them.
No. Comey knows and has said that there were plenty of deleted emails that were work related. Employees delete emails as the course of business.
Yep, that one email where she slipped up out of the other hundreds of thousands and was like "Hey guys, about all this pay to play we're into: We should probably kill everyone who's involved right? I'll catch ya later, I need to hook up to my anti-parkinsons machine. K l8tr"
Anti-Parkinsons machine? Someone alert Michael J. Fox !
Hey bitchez, let's get that bribe in the mattress so we can ship these vaccines to the autistic kidz already and make sure Saudi Arabia gets that uranium after the transfer those billz to my Cayman off shore 96004290753. L8rz!!!!
Yeah that's not a ridiculous response at all. Like you can't make up fake conversations about anything. Ever. What are you trying to say, there's absolutely no way there was any illegal shit going on w the Clinton foundation because you just typed that in a silly manner?
Shit you're right, where do I get my Secret Clinton Foundation Decoder Ring. Is it in box of Wiki-O's cereal?
It's okay, only a few more thousand hours and the GOP will make something stick.
So people are hoping for one email in thousands to vindicate their view that this is a big deal? Really that would do it, just one email?
> Yep, that one email where she slipped up out of the other hundreds of thousands and was like "Hey guys, about all this pay to play we're into: We should probably kill everyone who's involved right? I'll catch ya later, I need to hook up to my anti-parkinsons machine. K l8tr" Hail Hydra.
"Don't forget to see how Operation-smuggle-a-nuke-into-Iran is going people, I want an update when you can."
I think that would be in Regan's files...
i think the biggest issue will be the existence of emails in one place and not another, and a chance of destruction of evidence
From Comey's own statement, intent would still matter because Clinton is already on record saying that she periodically deleted emails (as many users do), plus her lawyers deleted a bunch after doing their sweep and they only searched by headers, etc.
That's really what, if anything, she is going to get caught for. Panicking, and trying to get rid of it all to save her presidential hopes. There isn't an email out there, deleted or hacked by Russians, that is going to show what the alt-right wants her to be. If she goes down, it's for being a fucking idiot, not a money launderer or murderer or influence peddler.
That or making a false statement to the FBI and obstruction of a federal investigation.
Bingo. Finding emails here which are government related and not turned over would be evidence of such a breach
I'm skeptical the super majority of the emails belong to her estranged husband. I've worked in law firms and managed email accounts for dozens of attorneys. The dozens of attorneys combined, over the course of multiple years, did not total 650,000+. I can't fathom how one man accumulated that much email.
> I can't fathom how one man accumulated that much email. Given his "interests", my bet would be on a lot of spam related to penis enlargement, Russian brides and things that I don't really want to think about.
I can. Just came back from a 1 week vacation at my Corp job. My inbox had around 1500 emails. And that's without me actively engaging or corresponding with anyone.
Did the dozens of attorneys represent thousands of people in a district or attempt to run for political office? When you're in that world, you have a lot of people who want your attention.
Oh great here's the "I once did something so I'm super knowledgeable about an FBI investigation." The sheer level of ignorance is staggering.
I believe it's likely concerted effort to maintain an archive for weiners use against the clintons. Caching doesn't explain it. Caching rotates and deletes old data. 650k tells me that he was saving stuff for a rainy day. Wise for a man as compromised as him and altogether likely given his progressive politics and tech savvy
Pack it up guys, someone on the Internet said people don't send that many emails.
Some people were tweeting that the emails were in a file called "life insurance". Not really reliable sources though, but it would make sense for someone on his position to collect dirt of other people.
Yeh. And I doubt they have not gotten a new computer in the last 5 years. Plus Weiner does not strike me as a guy with a lot of buddies. He does not seem to be the networking, team player type.
Maybe that where they hid everything. Or just tried to make a huge file of 650k so it would be hard to find the little 33k emails
He was a congressman who's into porn- pretty easy.
Porn.
I have several million emails. In fact about 123GB of my disk is email. And I have a server with so many emails I can't even download any of them.
High end finance professionals geteasily over 1000 or more a day. For every event that occurs re a stock on their watchlist, they get 20 or more emails from each alert service. Assume 3 news services (Bloomberg, Factset and S&P), assume 3 more news services that specialize in the industry (Engineering News, Insurance News, etc.) sending duplicate emails. Now all the sell side shops start pitching their investment ideas surrounding that news event, sending easily over 100 more emails and phone messages. That is just one actionable stock event on one stock. These events happen on a portfolio of over 100 stocks. A Goldman PM said his email account is the same as watching a conglomerate newsticker. I was on the sell side of the biz and easily got 300 or so a day.
The folder on his computer with these was called "Life Insurance" You tell me what that was for.
When you're dealing with the Clintons, that could just be literal, kind of like Julian Assange's thing.
Source?
Mike huckabee claimed someone told him that on fox lol
I thought the 650,000 emails were on the server in Clinton's basement. The number of emails on the laptop would be much smaller and they would be copies of the emails on the server (and hence already known to the FBI).
When Scott Walker released his plan to cut the Wisconsin unions, he got 50,000+ emails in a week. Weiner has been in Congress and ran for mayor of New York. Emails from colleagues, campaign staff, constituents, and voters add up, and so does spam.
It's unknown what time period those e-mails span and that number probably includes spam etc.
And all it takes is for Anthony or Huma to click one Phishing email. Thats how John Podestas email was "hacked". He clicked a bit.ly link and then it prompted him to change his google password immediately and he fell for it.
Very good point. We'll have to see, at a likely glacial pace.
My Prediction: We are going to be reading through these emails till 2020 when an even larger cache of Obama's emails is discovered. Emails people, emails forever.
Most of the sent email traffic on earth is still spam. https://www.statista.com/statistics/420391/spam-email-traffic-share/ The rest is dick pics, probably. Especially knowing AW.
Mail merge during campaigns?
It's rumored that Huma forward all her emails too 3 or 4 accounts, so it is possible there are a bunch of emails in triplicate.
That's completely normal in politics. I have 5 that I actively use every day. Some more, that I should be checking, but do not often check. Tons more that I haven't touched.
Goddammit that's why you never replied to my email!
Why is this?
Lots of dick pics
I wonder if culture's gonna eventually shorten that, since it doesn't seem to be going away. Dicpic seems like a natural way for it to go, but it also looks fucking stupid.
ew
Going to try and do the math. Weiner's server was probably set up around 2008, when Clinton was SOS. There have been ~3000 days since then. Over the course of the next 8 years, he would have to send around 216 dick pics per day. Around 6 dick pics per hour. If this only dates to 2012, the numbers become more implausible. In the 1500 days since the server was set up, he would have to send 433 dick pics per day, 12 dick pics per hour. 1 every 5 minutes. That's without sleep. The average human sleeps ~8 hours per day. With sleep, he would have to send an astounding 1 dick pic per 2 minutes roughly.
I'm not even famous enough to warrant sending unsolicited dick pics, but I an knock those numbers around in a weekend if I'm binge drinking.
Yeah but if we go middle out.....
Also a lot of the emails may be recieved not sent. Still, that is an assload of emails.
Even Weiner isn't **that** [witty adjectival adverb here]!
Clinton wasn't SOS on 2008.
The math adds up.
Dick math is fun.
Is that... is that unusual? :S
If that were true, we could have the most well documented male penis in history. Think of the cutting edge science!
/r/theydidthedickmath
> Around 6 dick pics per hour. Yeah that's not really realistic here. I mean that's a pretty slow hour for Anthony.
I have no idea how much random email Congresspeople get but I imagine it's a staggering volume.
when I worked in a national laboratory us engineers would get about 100-200 emails a day and managers on up would get 300+ a good portion of our day was reading email chains.
At that rate, it's a decades worth of email, roughly.
"Hot babes want to fuck. Only 2 miles away" x 640,000
*"RE: Hot babes want to fuck. Only 2 miles away" x 640,000
Babies? You mean
And 10,000 dick pics he sent to kids.
They are x 640,000 requests begging to be removed from his list of dick-pick recipients.
Don't forget the spam ads for Weiner pills.
Wouldn't it be some shit if what comes out of this is something completely off the wall, like Hillary is using cracked brazzers accounts or torrented photoshop
Well, torrented PS usually includes a virus. Which would be quite a big deal for obvious reasons. Haha.
Can I may change my vote if I already voted for Hillary. I've complete changed my mind with this FBI investigation and want to Disavow, but not sure if I can change my vote
Procrastinators never have such problems
Wiener is just the front man for a Hillary-led underground sexting ring! Or not. You all still should have went with the Bern. None of this would be an issue right now.
There would be other stuff. Congress would start investigating his honey moon in the USSR or some other crap. It's what the Republican congress does. Had the FBI look into a vacation Bernie took once or whatever. Someone in his Senate office scrolling through porn on the governments dime- they will, of course, first accuse Bernie and eventually settle with he's so incompetent he can't manage his own staff, etc... Haven't you seen how this works? Hillary's been being 'investigated' for thirty years- and all they got is that she should have used a .gov email account, even though her predecessor did the same thing, even had emails that were supposed to be classified and everything... you don't need anything actually wrong to create a scandal.
What if we did all go with the bern and the primaries were just rigged?
We all **did** go with the Bern. They fuckin' stole it, man.
But there's no way Republican voters would go for a socialist! It's obviously much more electable to present someone Republicans despise and have been hounding for decades and would never be able to live down voting for.
If torrenting photoshop is a crime, 80% of designers on the planet would have to go to jail for past crimes :( We were all poor students once!
Sorting through Anthony Weiner's email stash is going to complicate normal screening.
Sorting through Anthony Weiner's email stash is going to complicate normal ~~screening~~ psyche.
Hard to work with your erection holding up your keyboard.
Oh shit.
There isn't some grand government IT branch that's enforcing user access policies. It's seems fairly obvious, everyone sets up their own email systems to meet some set of guidance. Note that I am referring to normal stuff that isn't classified. Clinton having her personal assistant access and respond to emails as her would seem appropriate.
yeah, my admin uses my account to schedule meetings and send responses. it lets us both avoid the "sent by x on behalf of y." in the from line.
From what I am seeing everywhere online right now this new investigation and nee Wiki leaks about those emails, it show that she lied about having Attourney Client privileges during the questioning process by the FBI. It shows she was working on the illegal servers deleting things before any request was made by the FBI for the files. The freedom of information act forbids the deleting of official government records which is what the server contained. It also forbids anyone from seeking office who has committed such an act. The cracks are widening more and more and this will not end even after the election no matter what the outcome.
Thanks DNC!
Thanks Obama, Thanks DNC, gosh there are just so many people to thank. I cant wait to thank Trump for making America Great again or Thank Hillary for Plunging us into WW3! Thanksgiving is just going to mean so much more now.
FOIA bars people from seeking office if they've violated it? That...doesn't sound right. Do you have a source for that?
H. A. Goodman, a regular reporter on CNN explained it in a very recent video blog post on his youtube channel. Hagoodman.com He does a 15 min break down on what why he believes this information is new investigation is quite powerful in being able to question addition involved individual without all the protections they had originally based on the lie regarding Attourney Client Privileges, that did not exist. And States the FOIA restriction in that video as well.
That isn't what they are saying, the thoughts seemed to have run together. FOIA does not allow you to delete government information; Someone found to have violated federal law is not allowed to hold public office.
>There isn't some grand government IT branch that's enforcing user access policies. It's seems fairly obvious, everyone sets up their own email systems to meet some set of guidance. There are standards for security and record archiving that must be met. I have to suspect that the Inspector General at the State Department would have audited failure to comply with those standards... Oh, that's right. Obama didn't appoint an Inspector General for Hillary's entire term as Secretary of State, so there was no one to hold Hillary accountable in that regard. At least it's not part of a trend of accountability-dodging spanning multiple decades, right? #SARCASM_TAG
There certainly is, and they make sure every employee with access to classified or unclassified government IT systems are trained not to do things like forward FOUO emails to their home server.
> There isn't some grand government IT branch that's enforcing user access policies. That is not true. There are standardized systems even for non-classified communications, and while the administration of these is done by the departments, it isn't a free-for-all. There is a significant amount of regulation and oversight. For issues involving national security - the standards are **much** more strict, and it is a prima facie violation of the law to set up a system that is outside the secure subnet - not only for security, but also for enabling compliance and audit procedures. I cannot add much to u/oldmonty's [excellent summary](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/5a8mz9/fbi_obtains_warrant_for_newly_discovered_emails/d9etp83/) of this, so I will just upvote his post instead.
> There isn't some grand government IT branch that's enforcing user access policies. Lol. There isn't? I'm pretty sure there is and it's substandard, hence why all of these top officials get hacked by Russians.
Except her personal assistant is accessing an insecure account with TS emails being bounced back and forth on it. Now yes Huma had TS clearance also however that does not mean she was cleared to access the same material as the Secretary of State. If Anthony Wiener's laptop has any Classified emails on it that Huma got by accessing Hillary's account then Huma is in it neck deep.
Huma is done; that's how this whole thing ends; Clinton once again will be cleared of wrongdoing and Huma will fall on her sword.
Yeah except Clinton was receiving classified material that Huma didn't have clearance for.
We don't know that
Not if it gives access to someone without clearance. But I think the bigger aspect of this is that it might contain all of the emails that were bleachbitted away. Potentially revealing new evidence of intent, etc.
Does Huma have TS clearance? Because we already know that account had stuff so high up the chain of classification that they couldnt even mention the names of the agencies in the emails. It's one thing to have your assistant replying your emails and doing stuff... and that aint this.
> Does Huma have TS clearance? https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/clinton-on-her-private-server-wrote-104-emails-the-government-says-are-classified/2016/03/05/11e2ee06-dbd6-11e5-81ae-7491b9b9e7df_story.html >Other close aides to Clinton, including Chief of Staff Cheryl Mills and Deputy Chief of Staff Huma Abedin, also authored dozens of such notes. Top officials outside of State wrote some, too, including Clintons eventual successor at State, John F. Kerry, who was then a senator. She wrote classified emails for Hillary along with aides. So its not illegal otherwise huma incriminated herself the second she wrote them.
Does clinton even hold an office right now? She hasnt since 2012 i thought. Have any of them had TS clearances the past 4 years?
She has officially been a private citizen since she stepped down as SoS. Fairly recently she and her top aides (same on the Trump side) would have started receiving national security briefings, so she/they would have to be re-cleared. I've never been remotely involved with any kind of security clearance, but it's my understanding that certain officials (President, cabinet-level officials, etc.) can unilaterally grant security clearance in certain situations. I don't know if the candidates' security briefings would have required them to go through the traditional routes or if the President just says, "Tell the potential incoming President what's happening, even if it's classified."
There's no question she had or had top secret clearance.
Did Weiner have access to the same email accounts? I doubt he had clearance.
That literally doesn't matter when you're sending and receiving classified material on an unclassified system.
She doesn't have clearance to keep that info on her husband's laptop, that's for sure.
Huma 100% had a TS clearance.
Clearance is basically a badge that gets you in the building and your work area. It does not grant you the ability to get anywhere you want in the hypothetical building.
So did Petraeus' mistress but she wasn't cleared for the specific information. If the same is true for Huma it shows Clinton had intent to distribute classified information to those who weren't cleared for the information.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/clinton-on-her-private-server-wrote-104-emails-the-government-says-are-classified/2016/03/05/11e2ee06-dbd6-11e5-81ae-7491b9b9e7df_story.html >Other close aides to Clinton, including Chief of Staff Cheryl Mills and Deputy Chief of Staff Huma Abedin, also authored dozens of such notes. Top officials outside of State wrote some, too, including Clintons eventual successor at State, John F. Kerry, who was then a senator. She wrote classified emails for Hillary along with aides. So its not illegal otherwise huma incriminated herself the second she wrote them.
TS isn't a simple yes or no. The access to information is compartmentalized, and there is no way Huma had clearances identical to the Secretary of State.
It doesn't matter if she had a TS clearance or not if she wasn't suppose to see those emails. Having a security clearance isn't like having a library card where you can just stroll in the library and look at anything you want.
My guess is that she did and her husband didn't so this whole thing ends with her falling on her sword for Clinton.
They also would not mention the name usually anyways. That is how it works. I am surprised as much information has been leaked about the emails that contain information as they have. edit: in addition this was not a classified email server. This was a run of the mill server where some stupid people sent emails not marked correctly through improper channels. This happens everyday in the government. All the people involved would have their computers pulled and wiped of all information and returned in a month or less depending on how busy the officials were. The offender would have their clearance pulled and be re-accessed. Usually that person returns to work after an investigation and just has to be re-cleared.
I don't think that's true. There was the guy who saved copies of his email to a portable harddrive he brought home. I believe he's in prison now. People that aren't rich and powerful just don't get away with this type of stuff.
I'd be hat-fucking surprised if Huma's position didn't come with a TS. And I have no idea what hat-fucking surprised means  *that*'s how surprising it would be. I know too many people in *much* more mundane jobs that came with a TS to believe she doesn't have one.
>I'd be hat-fucking surprised if Huma's position didn't come with a TS. And I have no idea what hat-fucking surprised means  *that*'s how surprising it would be. Best thing I've read today.
It's like surprise when you hang your hat on your dick?
Sorry this is off topic, but > I'd be hat-fucking surprised if Huma's position didn't come with a TS. And I have no idea what hat-fucking surprised means  *that*'s how surprising it would be. That is probably my favorite thing I've ever read on the Internet.
Can confirm. Huma has TS clearance and has for years. Started as an intern for Hillary in he late 90's.
Shoe-shocked
The TS clearance for a deputy chief of staff (Huma) would be different from that of the Sec. State. A DCS is not even a chain-of-command position with any kind of policy responsibility. It is a person who is provided to facilitate the running of the designated office. It would be highly unusual (a.k.a. no effin way that would pass muster) for a DCS to be authorized to share a login with the Secretary.
that is really beside the point that huma broke her get out of jail free immunity card by lying to the FBI about keeping classified emails on her insecure personal laptop in her ex-husband's possession. even if she did have TS clearance during her time at the state dept, weiner did not. and she broke the law by mishandling classified data and maintaining copies after leaving state, which she did not disclose to FBI investigators. other's have been thrown in jail for far less.
Yeah, this. I had a grandfather who was a tank operator. He had to have TS just to operate a tank. There isn't a snowball's chance that Huma didn't have TS. Still kind of weird if she's pretending to be Hillary, though.
If she didn't have TS clearance, I'll fuck my hat!
I think the real question is not "did she have one" - someone in her position should have - the question is did they even bother to get her one, or did they just hand her top secret materials. Judging by Clinton and her team's judgement as we've seen so far, there's definitely room for doubt there. It's entirely possible they could have just been passing around materials to people without clearances, since they were operating on a private server in the first place, which is, like, the #1 no-no.
It's the level of surprise that you get when you walk in on someone fucking a hat
This is more SAP territory.
do you think Obama's administrative assistant has access to everything he does?
> I'd be hat-fucking surprised if Huma's position didn't come with a TS. You mean like we were on friday when the FBI did it's thing?
Huma was the deputy chief of staff at the state department, sounds like more than a secretary to me.
The state department may be sloppier with ts than any other government agency...
That isn't how clearances work. Even if you have the proper clearance level, you have to have a need to know. Just because you have a TS clearance and are in the navy, doesn't mean you need to know about TS stuff going on under the umbrella of the Air Force. Huma doesn't have a need to know, even assuming she had clearance, which there's no reason to think she would. Aides don't walk into the situation room.
I would say the issue would be that TS clearances are compartmented, one TS does not give you unlimited access to all TS SCI info, only items that pertain to your work. If she wasn't given identical access as HRC, this could open yet another can of worms if she had unlimited access to her emails and logged onto them from a personal computer
Hi, I wanted to correct a misconception you seem to have, please note that I am not coming at this from either side of the argument politically, I just feel that there is a lack of understanding on this particular topic. >There isn't some grand government IT branch that's enforcing user access policies. This is called IRM http://www.state.gov/m/irm/ They manage all emails for people within the state department including people who work in foreign affairs. There are two networks with two separate sets of infrastructure to send emails. One is classified and other is not classified, users get assigned a department of state email address in the form or .state.gov and .state.sgov respectively. They also manage the use of mobile devices in the form of blackberries and iphones. The reason blackberry is still relevant is because they are seen as more secure devices, regardless of whether that is true. On the subject of security, IRM is one of the most restrictive places in the world in terms of electronic security, this is the kind of place where people are often fired and have their careers ruined for plugging a USB drive into their machines. On to what HRC did and what the problem is: She didn't take her emails from the non-classified network and bypass government security by sending them to herself, nor did she take her emails from the classified network and somehow send them to herself on her home server. The latter is impossible as the classified system is firewalled off from the public internet. What she did was actually a lot simpler, she created herself another email address and had people email her on that. It would be like if, for my job, I told everyone I knew to email me on my personal gmail address instead of my company email. One specific security measure, which is a huge part of how the state department works, is called the smart program, it restricts how users can see classified data. If I send an email to 20 people and tag that email as classified the smart system will deliver that email to only those among those 20 who have the clearance level high enough to be allowed to see that information. Not only did her server bypass that entire system, into which an immense amount of money and effort have been poured to create, but people who didn't have any security clearance at all were allowed access. She had her assistants, world leaders, political colleagues, and anyone else send her emails on her personal email address. The subject of whether these emails contained classified information is what the FBI was investigating. The conclusion they came to was that some of them did, in fact, contain classified information. The reason they said they did not intend to prosecute her was that they found no evidence of a leak of classified information. This is shaky logic at best. This is a huge issue as she basically bypassed all the security measures IRM has put in place. I have no doubt that if I had done something like this I would be in jail. In order to get access you have to go through a security briefing that details all the laws around access to the government systems including penalties for violations of access policy. They make it abundantly clear that jail time is on the table.
Great post. Couple questions. Isn't it true that many politicians used private email accounts? Do you think it's worse because she was using a private server as apposed to a online account like gmail? Her excuse for using the private email was out of convenience. Is the IRM system inconvenient?
There is something I don't get. If they have this smart system in place to determine who gets an email based on its classified status, why would it ever let a classified email come in or go out from a personal email address that is not part of the system?
Man, this is the most sense I've gotten from any of these reports. Thank you for this thorough, yet concise explanation.
I hope this post goes to the top.
> The reason they said they did not intend to prosecute her was that they found no evidence of a leak of classified information. Incorrect. They would need to show "intent" in order to prosecute, and they found no evidence of that. Even if they did not find a leak but found that she intentionally sent classified info over the unclassified channels she could have been prosecuted.
> They would need to show "intent" Interestingly the laws on state secrets don't say that. It's a bit Comey added for this case in particular. I'm surprised it was not brought up much.
Yep, this has become the "Hillary Defense" and quite a few people accused of serious crimes have started to use it. It's essentially, "I may have broken the law, but you can't prove I broke it on purpose". It works well for the powerful, like Clinton, but I think most of the rest of us would be laughed out of the courtroom.
Well, she *intentionally* created an e-mail address to avoid using government provided systems. If her argument is that there was no intent because she's too stupid to know that an e-mail server in her basement isn't secure, then good luck with that.
This is my primary reason for not voting for her. I find this so incredibly unacceptable it really disturbs me. If any corporate business was happening on private systems outside the audit trail it would be a fireable offense. There is no rational reason to do this other than to keep shady interactions outside an audit trail. This is just incredibly disturbing.
I'm pretty much with /u/Leonidas26 on this. Having worked in corporate IT, any time a new C-level exec came in to a company as an outside hire, they'd want to make changes to the system to match what they were doing before. When blackberries were starting, if they had one before the IT dept would often jump to support that for them (and then others would get it). They generally had no clue what went in to making things work, they just didn't want to learn new tricks. Hillary came in, wanted to deal with all of her email from one device (personal, business, govt, etc) and found a way to make that happen. Honestly, I wouldn't expect record keeping avoidance to be a part of the motivation. If I was in that position, I'd expect that, at a minimum, every message that I sent to someone @state.gov would be retained which, in theory, would cover the retention requirements. It would miss messages sent to world leaders in capacity of the job that aren't also Cc'd to a State employee, but that may not be intentional.
Not that it matters but I truly don't think thats why she did it. I honestly believed she did it cause "it was easier". I work in I.T. for a living and the amount of people who take the "easy" route instead of the correct/secure route is so mind boggling. Then when the shit hits the fan its always "I didn't know that could happen/I'm not a tech person" argument. Its more going for whats easier.
This is a great comment that sheds some light for me on how bad this is. It's past ignorant and into the shady category. Something definitely isn't right here. I have a question for you. If HRC sent out classified emails from her unprotected server, that's her fault. But what about all the people that potentially sent her classified emails. Now we're talking about malfeasance on a much larger scale. Would the people be responsible as well for not sending classified documents to a protected state dept email address?
Anyone who sent classified information to Hillary's private email address is liable to be prosecuted. Because, in effect, they caused classified information 'through gross negligence to be removed from its proper place of custody' and delivered to an unauthorized location. The defence might argue that they "did not know" that the email address that she **required** them to use was unsecured. However, I don't know how whether this will work, because (1) there is literally no precedent for this kind of situation, and (2) I am not a lawyer.
You are correct, sending information like this is a huge no-no, however, as the Secretary of state she forced people to send her information in this manner. She ONLY took email to that server she never used any of the authorized department of state email systems. I don't know how those involved justified it to themselves but 99% the first thing they thought of was that she was the Secretary of State and so sending her this information must be OK. To shed light on why, it seems the prevailing theory is that she did it to avoid FOIA requests as they can only be made to government systems.
> Would the people be responsible as well for not sending classified documents to a protected state dept email address? If I understand correctly, this people would be sending information to a a private email address, so by definition it wasn't a "protected state dept email address".
"This is a huge issue as she basically bypassed all the security measures IRM has put in place. I have no doubt that if I had done something like this I would be in jail. In order to get access you have to go through a security briefing that details all the laws around access to the government systems including penalties for violations of access policY" My question is, as an attorney myself, you would think that detailed policy, repercussions and potential sentencing guidelines for this type of scenario would be spelled out clearly. I also think this has happened before and there has to be precedent with how the situation was handled. Also, there is a difference between mal-intent and ignorance/professional misjudgement. My questions are: (1) what is the precedence for how this has been handled with other politicians in the past; and (2) can you point me to the policy where the repcussions are spelled out? IF she were using her private email to deliberately hurt the country, then this is a much more serious issue than poor judgement. But she did not do this, and so I have a very hard time believing you would go to jail unless you were intentionally committing treason or if the policy indicating the fact this is a crime was a general intent statute. Could she have been fired...should she have? Sure, potentially, but these slight subtleties that you and others exhibit by your rhetoric is something that, according to you, turn her poor judgment into something more that requires her going to jail (in your opinion). But it's just false, and it's just sensationalist. Show me one politician who has gone to jail without showing an evil mens rea if you want to claim you would go to jail so should she. Also, I would like to point something out that you failed to qualify: so far, no emails have turned anything up showing illegal behavior inside the actual body/text/substance if the email. The content is and has been normal staff communications. This is a HUGE difference than being angry she about her poor professional judgement. I would like to also point out that nothing actually harming America has come out from her poor judgement. Could it have harmed the country? Sure. But so far no evidence shows it has. The focus and point of the rights latching on to this issue should have died so fucking long ago. And now, we have the exact same basic premise and same basic "issues" with mostly the same set of facts being discussed and latched onto by the right. We have dealt with it. It's fucking over.
> But she did not do this, and so I have a very hard time believing you would go to jail unless you were intentionally committing treason Ah, good thing you enter am investigation with all the facts! "As an attorney" does your understanding of policies and laws boil down to "as long as you aren't doing it maliciously, because then we'll be very upset!"?. Yes, le right have latched on to an issue that actually pertains to the trustworthiness of a candidate. And you are so upset.
> as an attorney LOL > My question is . . you would think that detailed policy, repercussions and potential sentencing guidelines for this type of scenario would be spelled out clearly. An attorney who doesn't know how to phrase a question? > what is the precedence for how this has been handled with other politicians in the past; An attorney who doesn't know the difference between "precedence" and "precedent?" > I have a very hard time believing you would go to jail unless you were intentionally committing treason or if the policy indicating the fact this is a crime was a general intent statute. An attorney who conflates a department's policies with statutes? You are either intoxicated, an attorney from another country who doesn't speak english natively, or not an attorney.
> (1) what is the precedence for how this has been handled with other politicians in the past It wouldn't surprise me that a whole bunch of them has done it before. I will interject my own political leaning there, but this whole thing reminds me how the Republicans latched onto Bill Clinton on his private life because they didn't find something political or economic to bring him down. I'm not saying it's the same thing, but that the Republicans will look for the less related fault and make a mountain about it. Fault they themselves are/were guilty of.
You tried to murder him, but weren't successful. You are free to go!
>The focus and point of the rights latching on to this issue should have died so fucking long ago. I know, right? The FBI said on national TV that Hillary isn't going to be held accountable. I wish the rabble would just let it go.
To be clear, the reasons for a recommendation that no charges should be brought forth on this matter, based on all history of instances where charges were brought forth, are likely to not change. That to me is my biggest gripe with the FBI. Just because there may be 'material' relevant to the case, there was so far as we have determined with certainty, no evidence that would change the final recommendation given. In light of that, the timing is terrible.
> Also, there is a difference between mal-intent and ignorance/professional misjudgement. How do we PROVE that it was simply misjudgment and not a calculated effort on her part to have absolute control over the data and information she dealt with directly. I find it extremely hard to believe someone of her position and knowledge would make a mistake like that.
Just to re-clarify I am not part of the right politically. You posted a couple of poignant questions I don't have the appropriate answer to. The fact is nothing like this has ever been done before, she is the first Secretary to have set up her own private email server and the first to be investigated for it. I just went through my security briefing and they make it a point to spell out the regulations by regulation number, not that I can recite them back to you. I just know there is a part I remember specifically where if you don't shred a classified document at the end of the day and leave it on your desk you could be prosecuted, let alone send it through to a non-secure email account. You brought up the matter of intent and I know that the FBI director made that they key talking point when he addressed the public on this issue. I just wonder if that is really the point we should be looking at. You also brought up the fact that there is no proof the information in those emails was illegal dealings or that it harmed the country, again I think this is missing the point, she is not being investigated for fraud or corruption. She is being investigated for breaking the laws governing the transmission of classified electronic data. As far as intent goes, her setting up a private server and not using the authorized systems quite clearly demonstrates intent to transmit data bypassing classification systems. HRC has also stated that she did not understand classification markings such as C, S, or TS. I know she did this because it would put her in a position legally were she to admit knowledge of the transmission of this information. The fact is that in order to get access to this information you have to sit through the same one-hour briefing I sat through, once every single year. The idea that she didn't know is a blatant lie from where I'm sitting, having experience with it myself, furthermore she has lied about not understanding and not having sent classified information through the system since the beginning. Bill Clinton was nearly impeached for lying about sleeping with his secretary, the whole country was in an uproar and that had absolutely no chance of hurting the country, yet what she did had the potential to compromise the country and no one seems to care. Ninja Edit: I actually went and found the NDA form I signed a few months ago so I could answer your question better. The form is this one Standard form 312 https://www.fas.org/sgp/othergov/sf312.pdf HRC has signed this form and, among other things, it states > I have been advised that any unauthorized disclosure of classified information by me may constitute a violation, or violations, of United States criminal laws, including the provisions of sections 641, 793, 794, 798, *952 and 1924, title 18, United States Code; *the provisions of section 783(b}, title 50, United States Code; and the provisions of the Intelligence Identities Protection Act of 1982. 2nd Edit: Ok so I went and looked up one of the sections and it says this: US code 793 (f) Whoever, being entrusted with or having lawful possession or control of any document, writing, code book.... or information, relating to the national defense, (1) through gross negligence permits the same to be removed from its proper place of custody or delivered to anyone in violation of his trust, or to be lost, stolen, abstracted, or destroyed, or (2) having knowledge that the same has been illegally removed from its proper place of custody or delivered to anyone in violation of its trust, or lost, or stolen, abstracted, or destroyed, and fails to make prompt report of such loss, theft, abstraction, or destruction to his superior officer Shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than ten years, or both.
> so far, no emails have turned anything up showing illegal behavior inside the actual body/text/substance if the email. That's where the controversy of her using Bleachbit to erase 33k emails come into play. Any number of those COULD have detailed illegal behavior. What's interesting about the Weiner situation is that if Clinton's email account was signed into Outlook on Weiner's computer and OST file is intact, then some of those 33k emails could be there. That's what the FBI is investigating.
> http://www.state.gov/m/irm/ This would seem to be that state department's own internal organization that handles their IT. Is this wrong? Because that's what /u/KeyBorgCowboy said: >There isn't some grand government IT branch that's enforcing user access policies. It's seems fairly obvious, everyone sets up their own email systems to meet some set of guidance. I read that as each department sets up their own system with some guidance for the overall government.
You are kind of correct, DOD is on a different system. However when I read the above comment I took it to mean there is NO government agency that enforces user access policies and that everyone is supposed to set up their own system, which is completely incorrect. HRC as the secretary of state fell under the state department and the IT branch that manages that is IRM.
Great information. I work for a large company, every year we go though 4-6 hours worth of privacy, email retention and document management training. In a corporate environment HRC's e-mail server would have most likely got her fired from her job. It was a serious breach of security measures put in place to protect the government and it's citizens. It doesn't matter to me what was in the e-mails. As an IT manager I am horrified that she was allowed to maintain that server and nobody called her on it. Subverting a security system for a person's own convenience should be a huge red flag for any employer.
Comey basically said as much, that she would have been subject to administrative sanctions. But since she is no longer with the State Department, she can't be fired. So this would be like your former boss discovering your personal email server a few years after you left the company. Not really much they can do in that case.
I don't really understand your point since classified is not supposed to be on the .gov email system at all, so why would it restrict emails marked 'classified'?
I can draft an email from my non-classified account and send it to someone on their classified account, the information just cant flow back the other way. Also there are two levels of classification below classified: "sensitive" and "PII", or personally identifiable information. You can tag your email as either of those as well as classified, secret, or TS.
Thank you u/oldmonty
As a CompSci major, thank you for that post. It's so satisfying to see security actually discussed.
Careful guys we got a CompSci major here ! Who would have thought you lurk among us?
> As a mother...
The issue is, though, that the IRM *did not* adequately manage the security of the email server(s) - as evidenced by the massive breach in the White House/State Department email servers a couple years ago by a foreign government.
Wish someone would have explained the technical issue along time ago like this. Here's the really reason why people think she would be in prison. And I don't blame them. Her email server literally disregarded every major security protocol but why not? It literally actuated like a third party route and not security measures were withheld. fucking insane.
Basically, this could see Clinton, and others, in prison if the worst (best? I don't know anymore) case is true.
No, she's still rich.
No fuckn clue what's going on with these emails.
Apparently the FBI is investigating the Clinton Foundation but the Obama run DOJ is trying to stop them: >According to a person familiar with the probes, on Aug. 12, a senior Justice Department official called Mr. McCabe to voice his displeasure at finding that New York FBI agents were still openly pursuing the Clinton Foundation probe during the election season. Mr. McCabe said agents still had the authority to pursue the issue as long as they didnt use overt methods requiring Justice Department approvals. >The Justice Department official was very pissed off, according to one person close to Mr. McCabe, and pressed him to explain why the FBI was still chasing a matter the department considered dormant. Others said the Justice Department was simply trying to make sure FBI agents were following longstanding policy not to make overt investigative moves that could be seen as trying to influence an election. Those rules discourage investigators from making any such moves before a primary or general election, and, at a minimum, checking with anticorruption prosecutors before doing so. >Are you telling me that I need to shut down a validly predicated investigation? Mr. McCabe asked, according to people familiar with the conversation. After a pause, the official replied, Of course not, these people said. >For Mr. McCabes defenders, the exchange showed how he was stuck between an FBI office eager to pour more resources into a case and Justice Department prosecutors who didnt think much of the case, one person said. Those people said that following the call, Mr. McCabe reiterated past instructions to FBI agents that they were to keep pursuing the work within the authority they had. >Others further down the FBI chain of command, however, said agents were given a much starker instruction on the case: Stand down. When agents questioned why they werent allowed to take more aggressive steps, they said they were told the order had come from the deputy directorMr. McCabe. >Others familiar with the matter deny Mr. McCabe or any other senior FBI official gave such a stand-down instruction. >For agents who already felt uneasy about FBI leaderships handling of the Clinton Foundation case, the moment only deepened their concerns, these people said. For those who felt the probe hadnt yet found significant evidence of criminal conduct, the leaderships approach was the right response. >In September, agents on the foundation case asked to see the emails contained on nongovernment laptops that had been searched as part of the Clinton email case, but that request was rejected by prosecutors at the Eastern District of New York, in Brooklyn. Those emails were given to the FBI based on grants of partial immunity and limited-use agreements, meaning agents could only use them for the purpose of investigating possible mishandling of classified information. >Some FBI agents were dissatisfied with that answer, and asked for permission to make a similar request to federal prosecutors in Manhattan, according to people familiar with the matter. Mr. McCabe, these people said, told them no and added that they couldnt go prosecutor-shopping. >Not long after that discussion, FBI agents informed the bureaus leaders about the Weiner laptop, prompting Mr. Comeys disclosure to Congress and setting off the furor that promises to consume the final days of a tumultuous campaign. http://www.wsj.com/articles/laptop-may-include-thousands-of-emails-linked-to-hillary-clintons-private-server-1477854957
Read some of them, they are pretty bad and some show what hypocrites the DNC and Hillary's campaign is. My favorite were the studies being passed between Hillary's campaign showing that globalism would ultimately lead to a much lower average income for Americans, yet she supports a border-less Western Hemisphere.
Example/source?
[Here are 100 of them.](http://www.mostdamagingwikileaks.com/)
I figured you might have an actual email that said what OP claimed it said. Edit: Tip: the burden of proof is on those who make the claim. I shouldn't have to spend 15 minutes on out of context emails when Op could simply show me the one in question. If it exists.
Alright, I'll make sure to not take time out of your day in the future.
You wanna prove a point, you do the work to prove it and find the specific thing. I don't wanna prove a point I'd rather argue against!
To be fair, the emails listed are pretty damaging regardless. My jaw dropped when I heard her talk about rigging the election in Palestine. edit: down-voting doesn't change the content of those emails. Look at them if you don't believe me.
I apologize I didn't respond earlier! https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/8567 Also, here is my other favorite, Podesta agrees that the "no shots fired" Iran Nuclear deal will lead to nuclear war someday.... https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/727
Well let's frame it like this. I ask you to turn over all your emails so I can do this criminal investigation. You do. Then I find out that it turns out you didn't actually turn over all of them. And the ones you didn't turn over you destroyed, but you pinky swear they had nothing to do with the investigation. They were about yoga. Well, it turns out I found a TON of new emails that you _were_ supposed to turn over on someone else's laptop. Nevermind the fact that you withheld evidence in a formal investigation, this is the exact evidence you didn't want me to see. I bet these are the juicy ones.
Nobody fucking does, but it's either "everything" or "nothing" depending on who you're voting for. The whole thing is a fucking joke.
Neither do they. If they had anything newsworthy, we'd have heard about it by now. This whole email investigation is a waste of time.
Yeah, it's a clusterfuck.
No one does. Everyone just assumes the emails contain exactly what they want them to.
The fucking FBI doesn't either. Political hatchet job.
Don't worry. Hillary doesn't either apparently.
It's her emails, she can make them public right now if she wanted to, its just increasingly obvious that she has something to hide.
"I don't recall"
I have 10 of your emails. Can you please explain the contents? No, I won't tell you which 10.
Nor does Comey considering he sent the letter before reading them.
She doesn't recall.
What, like with a brain or something?
No, but she throws her head back and laughs like a maniac, even if she is on stage listening to a woman talking about sexual assault. I don't think she is quite right.
Wedding pictures and cooking recipes. They're so special Hillary didn't want them to share with the FBI. All 33,000 of them.
Seriously. Clinton gets a subpoena saying 'We want all your emails related to <X>' and then she gets to have her **own** lawyers go through her entire email base, turn over the ones they want and permanently destroy the rest. Fucking what? That's like if the cops thought you murdered somebody, got a search warrant for your house and then let you (the guy they think murdered somebody) turn over the things you felt like turning over while they sat around outside eating donuts and studiously ignoring the pile of suspicious bloody clothing you were burning in the back yard.
You forgot yoga.
Yes, I am sure it was some dark Benghazi cover-up. /s Get real. The subpoena required her to turn over work related emails. She hired a law firm to go through all of her email and disclose work related emails. She had no obligation to turn over personal emails, and it is the recipient of the subpoena that decides what is related. If you think a law firm or lawyer world intentionally not disclose evidence requested by a subpoena, you have no idea how law works. A lawyer could be disciplined, disbarred, or charged criminally for those acts. A career ender. (disclosure: I am a lawyer) this is yet another baseless Clinton witch hunt cheered on by the uninformed.
You're skipping over the part where it was illegal to have government communications on a private server. All government communications are susceptible to Freedom of Information Act requests. After she deleted the emails, we have no idea what's in them or if they were personal or not. According to the FBI, that wasn't enough to try her. No ones even talking about Benghazi. But the people that deny she didn't do *anything* wrong are seriously delusional.
When she mixed up work and private on her server it is not for her to decide which emails are of relevenace, that would have been the FBIs job to decide. If she got any complaints about this, well ... follow ther rules next time.
Probably more Risotto secrets, like Wikileaks released.
These are not Hillary's emails. They are Huma's.
They could be email's from Hillary. No one has said they are strictly Huma's.
It's being suspected Huma had a shared account with Hillarys email server, which is why the FBI made this such an urgent case out of a sudden.
In all seriousness. That shit doesn't even pass the smell test. How was Hillary not laughed out the room when she said that?
Because in Legal Land it doesn't matter how stupid your excuse sounds; it matters what the prosecution can prove.
Well.... Can you prove that the 33,000 emails weren't about yoga? I mean who knows. Maybe she just really liked yoga and wants to keep it a secret from the FBI. We really can't be too sure. I mean that doesn't sound that unreasonable.
I saw her do involuntary down-dog in the back of a van once.
She ACTUALLY said that?
100% corruption.
Dude, you should have seen her when she made her big "I just didn't want to carry 2 cell phones" speech when this all first broke. The media (many of whom now adamantly defend her) just shook their heads and said "so I guess this is how she wants it to go."
I just don't get why I'm supposed to care. It's like the fact that politicians don't play by the rules is supposed to mean something. Show me that she broke the rules in order to do something substantially immoral and I might give a shit. Simply tell me that she didn't adhere to proper classification regulation and I don't.
Yes, we all can decide for ourselves why she broke the transparency rules. I conclude, based on other evidence as well as lack of transparency on her part, it was to cover up illegal and treasonous activity such as selling US secrets and favours.
> to cover up illegal and treasonous activity such as selling US secrets and favours. Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence
Why else would she hide from FOIA?
That does not constitute "extraordinary evidence." That's simply conjecture.
same reason as Rice and Powell.
Guilty until proven innocent. It smells badly after 9 investigations and $100 million spent trying to make her smell like shit.
do you have a source for this?
Have you listened to her speak, read things she says? How are things like "wipe it, like with a cloth?" and her thinking "C for classified" was an alphabetizing tool not getting her laughed out of every room? She's either incompetent or wants us to think she is.
I like how she chose to use "wipe with a cloth" to describe what happened when they literally used hammers to destroy some of the devices to stop them from being accessed. Anyone can figure out what bashing a device to a pulp with a hammer means. To act like she just doesn't understand anything that happened is just crazy. If anybody else was given a subpoena and destroyed most of the evidence claiming it wasn't pertinent to the case, they would be thrown in jail. I don't know how anyone justifies what she did. edit: Funny, I bring up Hillary supporters brigading this sub to the guy who is talking about Trump supporters brigading it right below me, and the mods delete my comment immediately without even notifying me while leaving his up. Is there some kind of rule where you can only talk about brigades happening here if it's not about Hillary's supporters? Too often I find out the mods have deleted my comments here with no notification only by the fact that my upvotes don't change at all. It doesn't even say deleted for me like it normally does, it just completely disappeared and won't be there if I check it without being logged in. http://i.imgur.com/2YEi1UO.png https://i.imgur.com/1Y7tkmx.jpeg
Watch what you say here....you might get suicided.
Well, she might actually not understand anything that happened. What's worse, that she's incompetent, or just pretending so she isn't culpable?
Do you really think she might not understand why they were bashing her devices with hammers though? :|
To hide those secret . . . recipes.
She's trying to appease Sanders by keeping the recipe a secret, colonel Sanders not Bernie.
I'm saying she might not be in the loop.
I like how your entire comment is practically drowning in ignorance. The "Wipe with a cloth" comment comes from her being asked about the server being wiped. Nobody asked a damn thing about hammers or the mobile devices that were destroyed using hammers. More specifically, that comment was in relation to a discussion the 33k emails that were deleted off of her server, the mobile devices that were destroyed with hammers are literally irrelevant to that. Secondly, you are acting as if it was wrong to destroy unused devices, which it isn't. That is actually standard protocol for any government agency (or any buisness with any clue on how to secure data), any digital devices that can store data must be destroyed before being disposed of. The fact that you are posting garbage like this and not at negative karma is frightening, the /pol/ and the_donald brigades must be working over time tonight.
Well considering all the records stored on all her computers and devices were public records it is all relevant. Clearly she broke the rules on transparency and left us all to speculate for ourselves her motivation.
>Well considering all the records stored on all her computers and devices were public records it is all relevant. False. This only applies to work emails. And the FBI (or anyone else for that matter) does not have any legitimate reason to believe she destroyed any work related communications when those mobile devices were destroyed. They don't even have any reason to believe she destroyed work related communications when she wiped those emails off of her server.
she admitted to having work related emails on her private server. She claimed to have turned them all over as requested. Also she only used her private email, she never used the provided government email. So if she emailed ever for work it was with the private email server. She also was found to have not turned over all the work email when new emails popped up later. I think she should have never used a private email server because she made it impossible to verify her claims. I don't take her word for it. Why should I have to take her word for it? She should have turned over all the emails not pick and choose which ones she wants to.
> don't even have any reason to believe she destroyed work related communications when she wiped those emails off of her server. 33,000 emails = 22 emails every single day for 4 years. If you want to pretend like you believe those were all personal go ahead, but we all know it's bullshit.
When the burden of proof is on the investigator, you should be able to make them be as explicit as possible.
Laughing at Hillary? Bold move
Hillary is actually the Joker.
That's how you get ki---I mean commit suicide with 3 shots to the back of the head.
It's not actually uncommon for a person to fire a gun twice during suicide. Also, I hate this joke. Like, nobody in so many years has been killed street huge political controversies.
Not uncommon? We're going to need a source on that, sonny boy.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multiple_gunshot_suicide >In one study of 138 gunshot suicides, 5 (3.6%) involved two shots to the head, the first of which missed the brain. A suicide with 4 gunshots to the head has been reported.
3.6% seems pretty fucking uncommon to me
It's a commonly known fact that everyone who commits suicide does so with their double-barrel Derringers, of course. Nothing to see here.
accidentally broke both his kneecaps and shot himself with a barbell shame
Could you imagine getting shot with a barbell? I don't know why I found that as funny as I did.
Corruption.
As a private citizen, she has the right to privacy. It's government's job to prove those emails were work related. It's not her job to do that. Nobody wants nosy Republican congressmen snooping in on their private emails. Congress is a political organization, not a justice one. She did what was reasonable. She did exactly what you or I would do. We should all be proud of Hillary for standing up to these useless and nosy Republican politicians like that. We need more people to have the balls to tell them to fuck off.
Paint this as a Democrat vs Republican issue instead of looking at her actions. I'm sick and tired of this two party system and the polarizing of every single fucking issue.
Are you for real? Do you think they care about her yoga?
So your bias is assuming there is something harmful in her emails? Do you always trust Republican congressmen?
Do you actually know what the word bias means? Do you not realize your own biases?
Can't tell if sarcasm or brainwashed
he's an idiot, dont worry
>As a private citizen, she has the right to privacy. But no one else, apparently. Pretty sure she's accepted campaign/foundation donations from the biggest metadata collectors in the industry
She wasn't technically a private citizen. She was the Secretary of State. There's a little law called the Freedom of Information Act which allows reporters the ability to request government documents. Her, being a member of the government, was required to keep all communications.
Am I missing the /s here? Wow.
You sound biased. Never assume that everyone is on your side.
Biased
You sound fucking ignorant
As soon as she started conducting official, state department business (which is at all times subject to a FOIA request - or at least should be) on a private server she lost the right to deem what is relevant and what isn't. The spin is fucking real here you're just terrible at it
Oh I'm sorry I didn't know government proved that? When was the trial? Right. This is what we liberals mean when we call out your biases.
what? I'm liberal as hell but there is zero doubt that she was using the private server for govt business. She has admitted that. Are you serious???
She says what she did was allowed: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-politics/wp/2015/09/08/hillary-clinton-apologizes-for-e-mail-system-i-take-responsibility/
Nepotism
Corruption and biased, gullible media. People don't go through a lot of trouble and personal expense to destroy government records unless they are hiding wrongdoing.
You are making an awfully lot of assumptions with awfully less evidence.
Plenty of evidence.
Such as?
Sure, give me some.
Got eem.
>Wedding pictures and cooking recipes. And the odd torture selfie.
It's priceless that everyone thought Comey was in the bag for the Democrats and now he's being accused of being accused by Harry Reid of being in the bag for the Republicans. Amazing.
Back in the summer though, weren't Democrats upset that he went on TV and listed out everything Hillary had done wrong, but then just ended with the fact that it wasn't anything a prosecutor would take on? Rather than just having an announcement that the FBI was not recommending indictment? I thought at the time that was seen as trying to hurt Hillary even though he couldn't indict her.
Not really. He had to announce this to Congress. The Republicans would have leaked it. He may as well make the announcement so the Clinton's can attack him and make him look more legit when he says not to investigate again.
Why would someone in the bag for Democrats give a long release about how there is no indictment but Clinton did lots of wrong things? His job was indict or not, not discuss other issues.
You know, if both parties hate him, he's probably doing his job right.
anyone who is not literally crucifying Hillary Clinton is a shill "in the bag for the Democrats"
> everyone thought Comey was in the bag for the Democrats Anyone who thought that was an idiot (hi /r/the_donald). His announcement of non-indictment was basically him saying the worst possible things about Clinton that he legally could before concluding "but sadly we can't prosecute on any of that". He clearly wanted to hit her hard but was held back by the fact that the email server was stupid but not actually illegal.
Um. No. He said it was illegal but that there was no proof she intentionally did it. If these emails prove intent she will be indicted. Did you even watch Comey in July?
Thank you! This is wild, just a few months ago hrc dems were praising him while the Donald crowd was screaming Comey was bought and paid for or had his life threatened. And now? Just a few short months later? Put that thang down, flip it, and reverse it. Absolutely unreal.
https://i.sli.mg/LvHG6W.jpg
Yeah, no one with any sense ever thought he was "in the bag" for the democrats. He's never hidden his leanings and they've never been for her.
The way he gave his statements the first time were not the actions of someone in the bag of Democrats.
Not really, his press conference was basically "Hillary Clinton is guilty of everything she is accused of, I'm willing to provide whatever soundbites necessary to those attacking her in this regard. Also, I should add that if she weren't running for president and politically powerful, I'd recommend charges, but she is both. I recommend no charges". He acted like a person who was being pressured by Democrats into issuing a recommendation he didn't support. A James Comey who was in the bag for Hillary wouldn't have issued a press conference, and would have interpreted every fact of the case to her benefit in public.
>He acted like a person who was being pressured by Democrats into issuing a recommendation he didn't support. Except that even in normal circumstances the FBI doesn't recommend charges at all, that's up to the DOJ who does the actual trial. He could have just straight up closed the investigation in June and that would have been sufficient for FBI protocol. Instead, he goes the extra mile of issuing a statement and a press conference where he basically gives Clinton a backhanded non-indictment. That was already unprecedented. Then he goes and sends a vague letter right before the election that plays into the GOP angle that the DOJ told him not to send? Hardly someone being pressured by the Democrats.
He's on record several times saying he wouldn't recommend prosecution for *anyone* with the evidence they have/had. >"the recommendation was made the way you would want it to be, by people who didn't give a hoot about politics, who cared about what are the facts, what is the law, and how similar people, all people, have been treated in the past" ... ""You know what would be a double standard? If she were prosecuted for gross negligence." http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/fbi-director-james-comey-hillary-clinton-email-probe/story?id=41044927
Well, if everyone is pissed he's probably doing his job as director of the FBI very well.
I agree that he truly doesn't have any partisan motivations. He has no reason to.
Nobody has partisan motivations until they do
Or the exact opposite.
Or, maybe the government is plagued with corruption on every level
...or very poorly.
The FBI shouldn't play politics, so probably well. If something is deemed worthy of investigation, it should be investigated regardless of who it pisses off.
But you don't announce an investigation. By announcing a person is under investigation, you imply guilt. You do your investigation quietly, make your recommendation to the Justice Department, and that's it. You don't hold press conferences, and you don't talk to congress. Imagine if your local police department published every person in your town who had been accused of domestic violence, whether or not they were found guilty. That would be a blatant violation of the presumption of innocence that is guaranteed by the constitution. Honestly, can you think of any other scenario other than Comey's July press conference where the FBI stated all the evidence against a person that they did not intend to press charges against?
The mods are probably pretty pissed. They *just* got finished deleting the last megathreads that they herded everything nto.
The megathreads aren't deleted, though.
The reason that mega threads are necessary is because shit like this was constantly happening http://m.imgur.com/a/ArAS6 It lowers the quality of the subReddit when basically the same article takes over 20 spots in the top 50 posts.
What are you talking about? They're [both](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/59vuny/megathread_fbi_reopens_investigation_into_clinton/) still [there](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/59y2ct/megathread_ii_fbi_clinton_emails/) and open to new comments. They just aren't stickied anymore.
I don't get the hate of megathreads. Aren't they stickied at the top for visibility? Is it so bad that we don't get 30 posts saying the same thing?
People hate them because they don't get to spam the two dozen identical articles from each media outlet reporting on THE SCANDAL THAT WILL *FINALLY* (i mean it this time lads) TAKE [OPPONENT] DOWN
Karma is a hell of a drug.
That happens for Trump on this sub.
It shuts down conversation and it never happens to Trump news. Then the megathread get tucked away in no mans land. Also unless you're subscribed to R/politics, you don't ever see them.
The trump access Hollywood tapes got a megathread.
Well why not sticky megathread the entire front page of /r/politics? It is always the same thing.
I think there is use when 90% of the topics on the front page are one story. But they should still keep the first one that gained traction and reached the top.
As opposed to the entire front page being different aspects of the topic for visibility. You can then scan the page for articles relative to your interests. Megathreads reduce the visibility and free up the front page for things not currently in the shitstorm of a news cycle.
Due to karma decay, a megathread will fall of the front page MUCH more quickly than if several topics were posted. As you can probably guess, this dramatically reduces the amount of views while also burying any conversation under literally thousands of comments. It's why you always see anti-Clinton posts megathreaded, and why anti-trump posts are always left untouched.
Only anti Hillary posts get Mega threads, it's r/politics version of a free speech zone. You cram all of the criticism that can't be down voted off the front page into one chaotic and intentionally limiting location.
A megathread stifles discussion. It consolidates the issues down into one thread. There will be comments that rise to the top and stay there for the duration of the post. Imagine going to a 12 hour old AskReddit post on the front page and trying to comment in it. Nobody will see the comment. It will be lost in the crowd because there are so many comments above yours. Megathreads *can* be useful, but they can also be a tool for cutting off a conversation without drawing attention. You'll notice that they *never* make megathreads for anti-Trump stuff. For example, when his "grab them by the pussy" recording was released, there was post after post about it. The mods *love* that, because when people visit the sub, that's all they see. If they want to discuss it, there's post after post full of healthy discussion. But if they made megathreads for it, the discussion would stop after a few hours, *and* they can fall back and say "We're totally unbiased! We even made a megathread about the Clinton email scandals!"
right, we need a "donald trump is a bad man and hillary is a saint" megathread. or does that defeat the purpose of /r/politics ? this place would be a ghost town if that were so. good thing it isn't working and most see right through it.
Great. Can we just get a Trump mega thread then? Because that's literally all that's ever on the front page.
There's always 30 posts about Trump.
Trump has 30 different scandals.
Way more than 30. I've seen *pages* of nothing but anti-Trump. /r/politics is a joke. The admins need to flush these turds and start this subreddit over.
Yep. Always the exact same story just from different sources.
When the groping scandals came out there was 15+ threads at once on the front page of politics... 
When Hillary fell over every thread on the front page of r/politics was about that.
Actually they made a megathread for the pussy grabbing thing.
But it still wasn't the only thing posted about it by a long shot
To be fair each accusation should probably be in it's own thread. So they can be considered on their own merit and upvoted and downvoted.
I'm done with /r/politics and am completely convinced this sub is full of bullshit social engineering big media advertising war campaign to keep the empire going. I hate this sub.
Bye then! 
Is there a decent sub for actual politics and not PR?
And yet here you are, deep in the comment chain.
But for some reason you are here whining. If your done then be done. Dont hang around and whine about how you are done with it. It contributes nothing.
Or perhaps this is the liberal stronghold of reddit and would've been a bit more center if donald trump wasn't such a disliked candidate? Not saying that Hillary isn't much better, but if you're going to reddit subs and not expecting some sort of bias then go to different media source... You can also try r/politicaldiscussion if you want to discuss as these people are much more willing to have a serious conversation or go to r/the_donald if you want to see all the conservative "news" you'll ever need... Edit: a letter
Did you really just link a subreddit with one subscriber and zero posts?
I didn't really check and I guess I should've. My bad (and I'm on mobile :P).
"People are saying things I disagree with, so they must be getting paid for it!"
Deuces
It's always been like this. It's just a little worse during the election season.
Yep, as soon as Bernie "lost" the primary, /politics turned into some reddit sponsored anti-Trump page. I'm no fan of Trump, but any posts that was worth any other discussion besides about Trump barely every got to the top of /politics.
Me too. It's really distasteful. I hate Trump but I am so sick of every single post being a Trump bashing party.
Holy shit. I'm just happy other people feel the same and notice the bias..
Right, like WTF! Is there anything happening in this entire fucking country! Besides fucking Trump?! The biggest anti Trump circle jerk ASSHATS!
Yep. I'm thinking it's late Sunday, and the shills are off for the night. So, this thread is making it through the cracks. But this sub isn't even cancer. It's straight up black death in here. Edit: I'll probably get banned for this comment, for example.
Fuck em. Come to thedonald, check out undelete and subredditcancer, too. Fuck these awful people.
You complain about censorship, and talk about thedonald. Wtf? A single deissenting comment gets you banned there.
i told a guy who was talking about how they had to "work hard" to win the election that he probably had a weak handshake and was called aq shill and banned. funny thing is i hate hillary
It's a trump support sub, not a sub dedicated to politics in general, that absolutely does not serve that purpose. There's really no comparison, and we are the place to go to for breaking national news in the event of tragedy as well, unlike /r/news (Orlando). It's at least a way to follow the other side of things, which mostly deal in facts about Hillary, rather than allegations about Trump. Something wrong with /r/undelete and /r/subreddit cancer? Do you not like it being pointed out that there is incredible $hilling and bias here?
Doing gods work. Bless you sir or madam. Call them on their BS. Look on the bright side when you get back the election will be over.
The pieces of shit will get the media campaign budget cut soon, so will be desperately pretending nothing like tjos whitewashing ever happened.
You are 100% correct. It is almost laughable. When they herded all of the fbi investigation posts into one megathread, the top post in politics was some bullshit thread comparing trump to hitler.
I like to stick around to see their feeble attempts at manipulating reddit. They think we're like our parents generation.
You should be thankful your parents still let you live in their basement.
That's funny you think I'm poor. Still doesn't mean HRC isn't a god dam traitor scum sucking corporate WHORE!
In a megathread trying to have a discussion is useless. The mods sanitize all the top threads and there are 10,000+ comments so any new ones are way at the bottom and never get seen or responded to.
Whiney little bitch
If you want to see new comments sort by new. It's not particularly difficult.
This sounds more like a problem with the system of Reddit than the practice of Megathreads. It shouldn't be so difficult to have a conversation about something when lots of people want to talk.
I don't understand your logic. Even if the problem originates with undesired behavior of the platform, it's the mods who are taking advantage of it to stifle discussion. And let's be fucking honest here for a second, if there is anything this sub has been doing for the past weeks, it's stifling discussion.
That's because I attribute most ill behavior to stupidity not malice. You say stifle as if that is that is their purpose, whereas I say it's people trying to use an imperfect system without really considering the side effects.
Sure, if you want to conveniently ignore the fact that literally millions of dollars are being spent to influence public opinion here in this very forum. I would attribute that sort of mentality, however, to one of two things. Nativity, or willful ignorance.
Source that "literally" millions of dollars are being spent to influence public opinion in this forum?
I think you get banned for explaining the answer to your question.
They've been stifling discussion pretty much the entire election cycle, they have just been changing who they are stifling it for. Used to be Sanders, but when he lost, his fans lost their grip on the thread and HRC's fan base took over.
>HRC's fan base toppest of keks. No one is a fan of hillary, some people hate her less than donald but that's about it.
I'm a fan of Hillary. I suppose I don't exist, do I?
This sub has been incredibly pro-hillary for months now, actually.
I think you're misjudging anti-trump for pro-hillary
I think you're willfully blind if you don't recognize that this sub has wildly been both ever since Bernie lost.
Thats a bingo
Trying to have a discussion across 30 different posts karmawhoring for the same story is also useless for discussion. Half the time someone makes a comment or point, a dozen others jump on them and complain about how many times that comment has been made already in one of the other posts.
Because everything gets buried. We have 3-4 different articles about Trump tax returns. That has more exposure than ONE mega thread about Hillary's FBI investigation.
Yeah, but it works both ways, you dont see how Trump is getting smashed in polls anymore since that gets coalesced into megathreads. Megathreads incidentally downvoted past 0 for whatever reason when usually they would have several thousand upvotes and have a decent shot at getting viewed.
We also had ONE megathread for pussyghazi. When something is hot news everyone wants to be a karma genius and post a link to a different news site saying the same exact thing, and that truly does bury other news.
One anti trump mega thread, in addition to almost every other post on the front page of this sub being in the same grain.
Try 5 megathreads for trump.
[There have been numerous Trump related megathreads.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/4yj7po/trump_campaign_chairman_paul_manafort_resigns/?) There was one for that one video deposition Buzzfeed did. [There was one for his foundation being ordered to stop fundraising.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/55oth1/megathread_trump_foundation_ordered_to_stop/?) [There were three for the hot mic tape and the ensuing chaos that erupted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/56igk9/megathread_3_donald_trump_leaked_video_statement/?) [There was one for Paul Manafort stepping down as his campaign chair.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/559gyb/donald_trump_deposition_release_megathread/?) Don't act like Megathreads exist to protect Clinton only. Edited to add inks to all the different megathreads.
But they had to make room for the ''Trump is hitler'' thread on the front page of this neutral sub.
>neutral sub Wanna know how I know it's your first time here? Cause if you were here during the ron paul love fest of 2012 or at all during the primaries, you wouldn't be saying that at all. This place has always been, and always will be biased as shit.
I never said it wasn't biased. Just saying politics is supposed to be discussion about politics. But clearly this became an anti trump pro hillary sub. But thats what 6 million dollars does. But you're right, i wasn't on reddit in 2012. My account is only 1 year old.
I don't think anyone actually thinks this sub is neutral. Even the people who argue that it IS neutral quietly like come here because they like to read topics to reinforce their decisions, despite the fact they know it's an echo chamber that they fit snugly into. Look at the hate that the Germany anti immigration links got. Until a few months later when it became obvious it was a real problem, now anti immigration links are all over this sub. But they have to make sure to be about the rapes in familiar cities in Europe so they can at least circle jerk about social injustice of rape instead of starting a dialog of the root of the source, which might certainty be regulation of immigrants or reform.
There have been megathreads that are pro-Hillary and anti-Trump as well.
hhehehehhe
You sly dog.
Yeah, I called that too. When bad news about Clinton comes out that is too bad to ignore, they round up all of the submissions into a megathread so they can never be submitted again, then just nuke the megathread after a couple of days. Instead of the front page looking bad for Hillary, there's one little post and 20 anti-Trump posts (never any real pro-Hillary news you'll notice haha) Now all of that bad news is blacklisted from /r/politics permanently. Contrast that with bad news about Trump, and you'll see 10 articles about the same thing on the front page at the same time. It's pretty smart really, but extremely shady.
Oh please, when she collapsed the entire sub was spammed with posts and there was no mega-thread. Sometimes they do it and sometimes they don't.
This is some of the biggest news of the election season right now and they nuked 2 of their own megathreads already just to try and filter the impact this thing is having on the sub. There is this, and then there is the vast sea of bullshit articles on the rest of the sub's frontpage. It is disgraceful. This requires real discussion.
>It is disgraceful. This requires real discussion. Except this really shouldn't be part of the discussion at all. Comey's letter should not change any single person's vote. Period. And there is zero indication that anything it contained, or that this computer contained, is relevant to the country's choice. So given this isn't a public forum  this is a private forum owned by people with their own ideas and desires, let them nuke whatever the fuck they want. There is absolutely no reason anyone in the media should be repeating Chaffetz's highly partisan rhetoric, or reading anything into Comey's statements until we have more information. The problem is that there's only 8 days left so people will say that was unfair if it comes out later. But that's not how our system works, and corrupting the process with innuendo is not only wrong, for a government official like Comey to do so is illegal.
>Real discussion >Reddit Pick one. This place is a content aggregator. That's it. Go to an actual forum if you want a conversation.
There is no real discussion, though. There's literally nothing here. It isn't big news. It is a nothingburger which the Republicans are trying to blow up.
"Waaagh! Waaagh!, muh frozen peaches, Waaagh! Waaagh!" give me a fucking break, I'm sick of constantly seeing idiots crying censorship over everything. Your precious mega thread is still up, and still stickied - but it's not literally every post on r/all so it's clearly evil censorship./s Reddit owes you nothing. If you don't like the way things are moderated, feel free to piss of to somewhere like Voat. I'm sure they will be most accommodating. (Assuming they can find space in between all the Neo Nazi recruitment and CP.)
It isn't stickied anymore. A mod in this very thread said as such. Moderators still nuked the 21k+ comment thread on Friday to force users to discuss it in a new megathread. I don't get the childish remarks and telling me to run off to Voat, I never once mentioned free speech. I'm just annoyed by them constantly doing this. They never megathread-ed all of the articles about Trump's sexual allegations, so I had to scroll through all of those to find posts about polls and policy. The moderators removed the non-megathread on Friday after so many people commented. It was already acting like a megathread, everyone was commenting there about what had transpired.
> They never megathread-ed all of the articles about Trump's sexual allegations Trumps assault alegations actually have something behind them. This new email case looks more and more like nothing as the days go by. >It was already acting like a megathread, everyone was commenting there about what had transpired. So you are mad the mods went and made it official? I find it hard to believe claims of cover up/ censorship when it was put at the top of the page by those same mods.
Jesus, you're a spiteful piece of shit aren't you? Are you just butthurt because your hugbox sub isn't successfully filtering out anti-Clinton posts? Feel free to piss off somewhere else where people care about your shitty attitude and opinions.
You clearly care, or you wouldn't have responded.
Ah, the old *I know you are but what am I*. Great argument.
Compared to ranting about how oppressed and censored you are, it is.
Yeah, you're going to have to try harder than shitty straw mans. Sorry.
That's essentially what you're arguing. "Oh no, the mods consolidated all the email stories into a single stickied mega thread to stop it clogging up the front page! Clearly this is 1984 come to life!!"
I'm not the one who made those points. I said this sub filters anti-Clintom content. It's mostly passive filtering via downvoting on behalf of users. But don't let me stop you from copy pasting that overused response. Somehow calling me a conspiracy theorist allows you to deny the obvious reality of bias. Ah, /r/politics logic.
>some of the biggest news of the election season Not really though...
You can't honestly believe that this isn't noteworthy. The director of the FBI wrote a letter to Congress, and got a warrant to investigate, whether the information found on the personal device of a presidential candidate's top aid could reopen a federal investigation into that candidate's actions during their time as Secretary of State. If this is the new talking point to influence people's decision making it's embarrassing. This sub should allow people to discuss this event without finding ways to brush discussion under a rug.
I don't really get the importance. They looked through her emails, found no wrongdoing. Now they found some more emails, which for all we know just may be duplicates of ones they've already looked at. If you start with the assumption that Clinton is guilty of something, then of course new emails are an exciting new opportunity to confirm your assumption. Alternatively, if you figure that they've found no wrongdoing yet so there's no reason why these emails would be the magic ones with all of the corruption in 'em, then this is a non-story.
> federal investigation into that candidate's actions during their time as Secretary of State. Not whats happening at all
There is literally nothing to *discuss* though.
Just remember the mods of r/politics deleted posts containing information to help people donate blood after the recent shooting in the Orlando nightclub- because those posts contained the info that the shooter was Muslim, which went against their narrative. They would literally rather sentence people to death than admit they are wrong, so why would you expect them to behave differently when Hillary's corruption is exposed? [There's a lot of money flowing from Hillary into the politics subreddit.](https://web.archive.org/web/20160421163946/http://correctrecord.org/barrier-breakers-2016-a-project-of-correct-the-record/)
If it requires real discussion might as well take it to a subreddit that doesn't delete comments and posts it doesn't agree with on a hair trigger
Who in life thinks "One day, I'll earn my living trying to suppress the free speech of random internet users and trolls"???
They usually do megathreads to avoid five million posts on the same subject. That doesn't aid in discussion, it just clogs up the sub.
There were six different threads on the front page of this subreddit about the only incident of voter fraud that the people in charge here have ever admitted actually happened just yesterday.
I was banned for making very mild anti hillary comments (I'm a libertarian and dislike both Hillary and Trump). It's censorship and trying to manage the narrative, not far from what the CCP does in China.
No you weren't
The problem is how blatant and corporate the whole operation is. They just tow the corporate line and clean the place up like it was a campaign website or one selling Doritos. Not even a glance towards doing whats fair or even keeping up the pretense of being even handed, they just sell the product. The thought of a organisation like that running the White House while using tactics like this is frankly not very appealing.
>It is disgraceful. This requires real discussion. It does, but I'm not sure what the solution might be. I suppose there's an argument to be made that if a subreddit currently has or lays claim to a generic name for a universal concept (like "politics"), the administrators of reddit themselves have a responsibility to maintain at least some semblance impartiality and a certain expectation that the subreddit won't be hijacked. A hypothetical (but not unrealistic) scenario: Let's say I finagle my way on to the mod team at r/news, and eventually work my way to top mod. I then begin to install my own team of folks, and we steer the subreddit towards only right wing news. All you see when visiting the "news" is articles from fox, drudge, breitbart, etc, because we nuke anything from CNN, huffpo, politico, etc. When a casual visitor to reddit goes to the subreddit for "news," they should reasonably expect to see newsworthy submissions, not filtered propaganda. Because the popular word "news" is generic. When I go to /r/hillaryclinton I expect to see all left-leaning submissions, and when I go to the_donald I expect to see all pro-Trump stuff. When you come to the generic r/"politics," you should expect to see all political submissions accepted equally by the moderators.
Agreed, 200%
>When you come to the generic r/"politics," you should expect to see all political submissions accepted equally by the moderators. Oh my sides.
> When you come to the generic r/"politics," you should expect to see all political submissions accepted equally by the moderators. The problem isn't the moderators. It's the /r/politics hivemind (that is understandably 95% liberal) downvoting anything remotely pro-Trump, and they do this all while claiming they are "neutral" and "objective" when in reality they are biased as fuck and think they're superior to anyone who disagrees with their views. The Reddit rules encourage people to upvote/downvote based on the quality only. The hivemind does the complete opposite of that.
Says the person that largely post onto the_donald. Nobody is biased over there anyways...
Uhhh... why would the subreddit of a candidate NOT be biased towards that candidate??
It's kind of the point really.
Do you think people go to /r/hillaryclinton or /r/the_donald expecting to see neutral views? They're presidential candidate specific sub-reddits, for christ's sake. Comparing those subs with /r/politics is like comparing apple to oranges.
Lol
Sorry for having an opinion. But I'm not about to be chill when there is a fascist on the loose.
You're very naive if you think the mods aren't constantly scrubbing everything in this sub. It's a known fact... and I hate Donald Trump.
Why do you say it's understandably liberal? I think the fact that The_Donald is the most active subreddit on Reddit is proof there are right leaning users for sure. It's the active deletion and biased moderation that keeps /r/politics decidedly pro-Clinton.
I don't think anyone here claims to be impartial
It's 'rigged'
Mods delete threads, and ban users as well
There has to be better source control for articles and stuff I think. That's a tall order these days. There doesn't seem to be any news outlet who is unbiased in some way or another.
We are the media. I guaran-fucking-tee they watch these subs like a hawk. I usually see shit here way before it shows up in MSM anymore.
Are you serious? I'm liberal and I haven't been able to really come here since the DNC, after certain PACs flooded the subreddit with propaganda and began mass downvoting Sanders supporters. This place is a joke and it has nothing to do with the hivemind. Watch most of the posters whose accounts were created immediately after the DNC vanish on the 9th. The fact the mods allowed this, and even covered for it when the PAC's own website says their stated goal is to take to reddit, facebook, and twitter to "defend Hillary and attack misinformation" and that they were putting millions into hiring people to do exactly that... Come on.
You're smoking some good shit of you've somehow magically forgotten that this sub mass downvoted Clinton supporters and spammed Clinton bashing articles/Sanders propaganda for over 9 months.
Of course not. That's the normal reddit demographic. That's to be expected. It's the same people that have been here for..well, as long as I've been on this site. When Ron Paul ran it was the same deal. That's the normal population. Wait until after the election and it'll go right back to being pro Sanders and anti Hillary again.
Lol. The mods will find any reason to remove a post critical of Clinton. Not necessarily negative, just critical. If you repost an anti Trump article it could stay up for hours. Mine have. I remember one user who had a one month old account posted pro Clinton and anti Trump articles every 5 minutes for an entire day. That is against the rules here. I didn't report, but I kept an eye on the submissions. None were removed. Zero. I hate Trump but the biased moderating here is excruciatingly obvious.
Also, linking to Hillary's website saying they pay people to post here is permitted, but noticing that a poster's words look more like a paid endorsement than anything a sane individual would think without prompting is not. It's as though the mods are trying (failing) to be as prejudiced as possible in favor of Hillary without appearing so.
Users don't delete threads. That's the mods. And they're doing it to push their agenda.
I don't think those two things are mutually exclusive. You could say the mods are trying to play to their base. That they represent the hivemind, etc. I'm not even saying I believe that, but I see the point they were making.
That's part of it, but deleting posts with a bias seems to being going on too. It's possible that it's both the mods and the hivemind, rather than just one or the other.
Exactly, all you have to do is search for certain keywords like emails on politics and you find next to nothing
Yea people keep forgetting that most negative Hillary threads get nuked.
It's almost like there is someone correcting some kind of record?
I've seen threads get removed for biased title if they are *remotely* pro-trump. Tell me the titles on the front-page *right now* are not biased. Its a load of horse shit.
Titles have to be what the article is.
Ive seen pro-hillary posts with editorialized titles that were highly upvoted and ignored by the mods
> Post titles must be the exact headline from the article. Like, really? Got an example?
> When I go to /r/hillaryclinton I expect to see all left-leaning submissions, and when I go to the_donald I expect to see all pro-Trump stuff. How often to you go to /r/hillaryclinton? I mean, your comment history shows you frequent the_donald quite a bit, so you should know your own subreddit is mostly right-wing anti-Hillary cartoons and conspiracies, not just "pro-Trump".
I'm actually not *that* pro-Trump. I just enjoy the shitposting hoopla and the snarky environment on that subreddit. That being said, there are a lot of things about the whole "Make America Great Again" narrative that appeal to me, and I think the whole movement behind Trump has tapped into something primarily positive about americans, not negative. But I don't agree with all or even most of his positions. I'd say I'm a libertarian so necessarily many things any republican candidate might say or espouse are naturally anathema to me. However, I'm going to vote for him so hard it might destroy pixels on the voting machine, because it's one thing to have a president you respectfully disagree with on issues and who acts the fool occasionally, but a whole 'nother ball game when you believe that your president is straight up Bond-villian evil.
Lol at self described Libertarians supporting authoritarian nationalist candidates. This is why you'll never be real players on the national stage. No spine, only political expediency.
I certainly support Making America Even Greater. I'm just not sure how Trump has anything to do with that narrative. Does he even care about America? Has he ever done a single patriotic thing in his entire life? Enriching yourself and shouting slogans into a microphone isn't patriotic. Otherwise Don King would be a modern-day Thomas Paine. There are people who've spent their entire careers in service of The Union, both home and abroad - whether it's in the military or state department or even just volunteering at veterans hospitals. And most of those patriots don't harass women or create fraudulent universities.
>I'm just not sure how Trump has anything to do with that narrative. **1)** Resurrecting our manufacturing industry and lessening the tax burden on businesses is a good start, because without a robust middle class our nation will descend into A) a socialist nightmare where the indigent depend on government succor or B) an oligarchic nightmare indigent depend on corporate succor. Donald Trump is at least saying all the right things in this regard. You absolutely positively will not see any real efforts to strengthen the middle class from Hillary Clinton, or any other high profile democrat for that matter. The middle class overwhelmingly votes republican and always has. The poor overwhelmingly vote far left, and always will. Clinton literally has a vested interest in moving people from one group into the other (in other words, making you poorer is in her best interest as a loyal democrat). What politician would willingly increase the size of their opponent's voter base? **2)** Eliminating entrenched government corruption would definitely make America greater, and Donald Trump has pledged to pursue congressional term limits, forbid politicians from leveraging their elected office into high paying lobbyist positions, and to remove foreign investment (i.e. bribes) in our elections. This is actually a serious problem in this country and I believe that our short and long term fate hinges on our ability to at least somewhat curb corrupted politicians, local and in Washington. The whole *point* of our republic is having representatives who answer to their electorate, not who answer to those with the biggest bribe offering. You won't see Hillary Clinton touch this subject with a 400 foot pole. she is a lifetime politician who is clearly guilty in my opinion of receiving massive bribes from wall street and foreign nations. She is part of the administration that literally sells cabinet positions and ambassadorships to the highest bidder. I'm not just spouting right wing talking points. You can stroll right on over to wikileaks (you must get CNN's permission first of course) and read for yourself as they literally confirm payments from other countries and haggle over the price of important government positions like they are selling old appliances at a yard sale. **3)** Securing our borders is a matter of national security, not just national identity. I don't believe that having strong borders and upholding the legal process of immigration is racist or particularly xenophobic. If you don't have borders you essentially have no country, and that's just a simple fact of reality. Donald Trump at least says that he wants to uphold our laws, and Hillary Clinton dreams of a borderless society. In her own words. Now "Bordeless Society" probably sounds really sweet and noble and humanitarian to you, but I wonder if you'll still think that way if you're caught in the fallout radius when a dirty bomb goes off in Houston or Seattle or Atlanta. Most of us live in the real world, which is actually quite dangerous, and their's millions and millions of humans on the planet earth who are 100% ideologically hostile to this nation, who'd love nothing more than to cause you personal harm. Donald Trump is the only candidate realistically addressing our porous borders and flawed immigration system, and the only political persona with the cahones to even hint at an acknowledgment of what we all already know: that radical Islam is one of, if not the, most dire threats to western civilization and to openly invite jihadists into our country is essentially suicide-by-political-correctness. I could probably go on and on, but you get the picture. America *has* lost a measure of it's "greatness," as the middle class dissipates into nothingness, and with it millions of citizens sense of self-worth and hope for the future. It *has* lost a measure of greatness, when we just assume that most politicians are on the take and accept that and let them just keep raking in the corporate and foreign money in exchange for favors, because it wasn't always like that, it wasn't always this overwhelmingly systemic. America *was* greater when we protected our own citizens and required immigrants to enter the country legally. We've always had enemies, but only now is it somehow thought that it's our moral obligation to leave the front door unlocked for them. >Does he even care about America? I don't know, I can't see into a man's heart. I personally believe he cares about America, yes. I believe he does so more than Hillary Clinton. I think of there was a magic button to press that would make you president, but would immediately kill 100,000 random people, she'd press it in a heartbeat. Trump would probably at least give it serious thought, maybe lose some sleep over the decision. >Has he ever done a single patriotic thing in his entire life? I dunno. Probably. I think managing a multi-faceted multi-billion dollar enterprise that employed thousands and thousands of people *is* patriotic, but we're likely cut from a different cloth as far as economic theory. You probably think that being a businessman is parasitic. That's ok, we're entitled to our opinions. >Enriching yourself and shouting slogans into a microphone isn't patriotic. Are you sure you're voting for Hillary? I think she's worth like 300 million dollars or something and I'm not precisely sure how that enrichment took place. See, when you enrich yourself in free enterprise (business) you are also enriching others, that's how trade works. When you enrich yourself as a politician, someone's getting skinned alive somewhere because you're not actually *producing* anything except bullshit. >There are people who've spent their entire careers in service of The Union, both home and abroad - whether it's in the military or state department or even just volunteering at veterans hospitals. Ok? >And most of those patriots don't harass women or create fraudulent universities. You'd be surprised at the number of servicemen who "harass" women at home and abroad. It's what high T males tend to do, unfortunately. they catcall, they get touchy-feely, they lewdly boast to their friends about their sexual conquests, etc. In regards to Trump, though, I am one of the people that wasn't really that offended by Trumps "hidden tape" and all that jazz. It'd probably be different if I was a woman, but maybe not. It's distasteful and awkward to hear something like that made public, but I've heard far worse from good men in a hundred different ways in private conversations with no females present. You have, too, I bet, and I seriously doubt you clutched at your proverbial pearls and proudly denounced their behavior and renounced all friendship on the spot, because you and I both know it's what guys tend to do. They talk about women. If it isn't their mother or sister they are talking about, the topic of discussion is probably their boobs. When I heard that tape, I just heard an older man trying to lamely impress a younger dude with his bravado. Big fucking deal, I'm not voting for who's going to be pope, I'm voting for someone who doesn't want to sell me to Saudi Arabia. Trumps past sexual promiscuity or inappropriateness isn't going to directly affect my life or the economic or foreign policies of the United States. I'm not really familiar with the details of the whole fraudulent university thing, perhaps you could enlighten me further.
Be careful with that rational thinking on this sub. They hate that here.
you can only go to -100 karma. I laugh at the hundreds of downvotes
Unlike your favorite sub the_donald, right?
>Be careful with that ~~rational~~ thinking on this sub. They hate that here. FTFY
Hmmm... you say that but then I look at your post history and it's a lot of shit posting to the_d. Perhaps your interpretation of rational thinking might be a little off.
It should be legitimate sources, not huffpo, infowars, young turks, hillaryclinton.com, or other blogs
You really want to compare the legitimacy of huffpo and infoways in the same sentence? One is liberal and one is a alt-right batshit crazy conspiracy theory site. Not the same!
But who determines what a "legitimate" source is? My own opinion is that moderators should just straight up not remove anything (that isn't illegal, trolling, offensive, etc) and let the upvotes decide what is or is not visible on the front page. That's precisely what reddit's modus operandi is *supposed* to be. If the front page of a sub is filled with nothing but huffpo op-eds, that's perfectly fine by me as long as I have faith that the people in charge of the sub gave any other articles in the world an equal opportunity. Maybe they currently do, and I have no idea what I'm talking about and am totally off base. But... I don't think so.
If you think about it, this is /r/politics, not /r/politicalnews. It should just be discussion and not the newest "Hillary/Donald still hasn't released their emails/tax audit!" Maybe it should instead be " 'They' didn't release 'this' and I think 'this' has this effect on politics. Thoughts?" But then again, what do I know, I'm just some guy who is below the patricians on this sub who cannot understand the divide of opinions. Edit: I guess downvoting without discussing is fine as well
>If you think about it, this is /r/politics, not /r/politicalnews. It should just be discussion and not the newest. Thoughts? I agree. You aren't even allowed to do a self-post here, or any attempt at a dialogue or debate (which is the bread and butter of any real political forum). As you said it's just /r/politicalnews. Wish it was more like r/philosophy or something. One should be able to make a submission such as, "Hey reddit what do you guys think about Trump/Hillary's latest stance on X," rather than just "Here's what Joe Blow Schmo over at politico thinks about Trump/Hillary's stance on X."
you're describing /r/PoliticalDiscussion
What it they find just more dick pics? What does that mean for polls?
When it comes to the Wiener, it is dick pics all the way down.
I'd expect a rise in mail voters, and a slippery slope for females.
it depends on if hrc has sent any of those.
Plot twist: they're dick pics *of Hillary Clinton*.
Former Madame President?
I laughed for 3 minutes. I'll give you gold later.
I really would laugh if Comey has to announce that's what he found. "Sorry, nothing consequential about Clinton, but we did find more shots of Weiner."
It means Trump won. Wikileaks saved the best for last.
Oh god please no. Can we at least let her win the election first? Four years of Kaine is a lot better to me than her or Trump at the helm.
I think that means we have a few more weeks of winter. I don't know. None of this makes sense anymore.
It means Weiner sent his weiner 650,000 times
Depends if it is Hillary's dick...
[Those are balls!](https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=r4otJpbiXk8)
It's pretty much dicks all the way down.
Cocktober surprise
Well I hear she is kinda hung.
650,000 would be a LOT of dick pics, but if there's anyone that could pull it off it's ol' Weiner
He's been sending out a dick pic nearly once a minute, 12 hours a day for the past 3 years.
I want nothing more than for Comey to open all 650000 emails he was so eager to tell the Congress about and all he finds are 650000 pictures of Anthony's Weiner. THEN HE HAS TO BRIEF THE MEDIA ON IT.
Think the cleavage scene in "Aviator"
I'm sure the world will be extremely interested in the contents of those briefs.
I imagine having to go through the emails would be like that episode of South Park where they got on chatroulette.
They damn well better be *unique*, too. I don't want 650k of the same five or six low-res dick pics--I want Congress to be able to savor these images for *hours*. They deserve it
If she sent a few thousand dick pics to her co-workers, then I am writing in Huma because that is savage.
/r/nocontext
Then her and Anthony Weiner were meant for each other.
The legend of Huma will be more than a fun Dragonlance novel.
That series never really rang true for me. There were Kender still alive and nobody talked about the great Kender genocide that would have been the logical conclusion of their (temporary) existence at all.
So *that's* why the name sounded familiar. I couldn't quite put my finger on it, but that would be where I know that name from.
Huma was cast out of the Knights of Solomnia because of dick pics. Then the whole thing was covered up for political reasons.
Respect.
That's one reference I did not expect to see in this thread...
Or anywhere, that's the first book I ever read! Now if only there was a Kaz involved...
It means the polls will stay rigid.
you mean rigged
No, he meant rigid. So when she fucks us at least it will be for our pleasure.
I mean if we're gonna get fucked either way, I want to at least try to enjoy it, you know? I just wouldn't be able to look the squirrel-haired man in the eyes for the four years during. Also, I think you meant *ribbed*, not rigid.
We'll be going at this long and hard up until election day?
I can't handle that kind of pressure.
If your election lasts more than 4 hrs, go see a doctor.
Not if these pertinent emails turn out to be a phallusy.
Is your misspelling of fallacy a low key Carlos Danger joke?
... its a thread full of penis puns. All the previous posts are penis jokes, that one included.
Well now I feel like a dick.
Don't take your friends hunting
cum on now.
Hillary asking the FBI to release all her emails is as ironic as irony can get.
I think its because wikileaks stuff is more damning and she wants the 650k emails to be released to stop anything really bad from showing up before the election
She also knows that the FBI cannot release all the emails found on Weiner's email server as they are part of an investigation and some might be classified or at least sensitive. So she is just bluffing to make her look innocent.
that's a fair assessment actually, try and play it down like she did the first time around during the primary.
Why not? He gave them permission to do so.
Because I think it's obvious that the emails found are either Huma's or Hillary's. Weiner can't give permission to view anyone else's emails. This is why the FBI just got a new warrant to search these new stack of 650k emails.
Where are you getting the 650k number and what makes you think there's something "really bad" in them? She was doing her job and a public servant.
Public servants dont have a net worth of 31 million, and raise over 3 billion over there career. The 650k number is from the WSJ report. Will provide link.
She still has the ability to release everything she has. The only reason she would be asking them to release all the info is because A: She thinks what they have isn't as bad as what people think it is B: She knows they won't release it, and wants to look like she knows it's nothing, even if it is huge
She didn't ask them to release HER emails. She asked them to release the emails in question. This is not her computer, it's Weiners, they've had it for weeks, and he have them permission to access the files. All she asks is them to release whatever ones Comey is hinting is an issue, or something more than a vague statement.
I think many are reaching the conclusion that Huma had access to HRC's account and logged into Outlook on AW's laptop and therefore creating a local cache of her entire inbox at a specific point in time. Point is, we could be looking at HRC's emails entirely.
First, (as best as anyone knows outside the FBI) the emails aren't Clinton's emails. As far as anyone can tell, they're Huma's emails. Second, Clinton's not asking for the emails to be released. She's asking for the FBI to disclose what Comey was talking about in his letter, because nobody knows, and a lot of people are assuming that the emails are something sinister when they may not be.
She knows he really cannot comment about the details as it is an investigation. He is just informing congress (and the rest of us) that they are looking into her emails again because they found some on Weiner's computer. I'm sure if Trump was being investigated and we were informed of that, a lot of people on this subreddit would have a very different reaction. Let's separate facts from emotions.
The problem is that he **is** commenting about the details of an investigation: that they found unspecified "emails" that may be "pertinent" to the Clinton server investigation, even though he doesn't know if the emails are "significant." Again, he did not say that any of the emails are from Clinton, and some newspapers have reported that none are from Clinton. The Trump thing is a good contrast. We have no idea if Trump or his campaign or affiliated companies are being investigated by the FBI/DOJ. Because the general rule is that the DOJ/FBI don't comment on investigations unless/until they indict someone.
>and some newspapers have reported.. BULLSHIT. How does a newspaper know something about the emails the FBI just discovered and haven't released? Completely unsubstantiated and proves nothing.
I read that as you are saying that trump may or may not be getting investigated because they are probably withholding that information. Therefore they should have done that for Hillary. Sorry, not trying to start a back and forth here, just saying that's what I got out of your post. Either way we are screwed. This is just disgusting.
You know the saying, "a little knowledge is a dangerous thing?" The example of this is the anti-vaccination movement, where people having woefully incomplete knowledge (i.e., the vaccination involves injecting your child with toxins and viruses) can cause a lot of damage. That's what we have here. We know that a computer seized from Weiner contains "emails"just like almost every other computer. (Shocker! My computer contains emails, too.) We are told that they are "pertinent" to an investigation but that they may not be "significant." We otherwise have no idea what the emails are. How am I as a voter supposed to assess and use this information?
I think Comey is in a situation where either way he is screwed. I'm guessing they have seen enough on that computer to say that this needs to be investigated further. Remember, Comey actually let Hillary off the hook just a few months ago, so it is not like he is after her or anything. As a voter, i am just going to review all that I have learned in the last several months about both the candidates and decide accordingly. I might not even vote for either actually and just vote for the secondary things on the ballot. There is plenty out there so far to not support her. And more than enough to not support him either.
You take it for what it is. The investigation is reopened. That's all. You're the one trying to espouse how the announcement is essentially worthless because no specifics were given, yet you say Hatch Act was violated. You say that it's a political move by Comey and yet argue that he hasn't said anything to even prove they have relevant evidence. It cannot be that Hillary is both uninvolved with a criminal investigation and being attacked for her affiliation with an ongoing investigation. You are experiencing cognitive dissonance.
Honestly why is she asking that?
FBI checked every round and raised the bet on the last card. She's calling their bluff and going all in because she can't afford another hand. She has a pair of Aces in hand so she's confident. Except it's not a bluff, the FBI has a straight flush.
That the DOJ got the warrant means one of two things: 1) Its not a straight flush, its a bluff. Or, 2) Its such a straight flush that it is so fucking damaging to everyone involved that it will never see the light of day (and that Obama would kill it himself). I mean literally everyone on both sides of the aisle that probably shows whats really been going on for the last couple decades.
But wouldn't huma tell her what they found? Maybe it isn't big
CNN reported last night that Huma released a statement saying that it was her husbands laptop and that she had nothing on his computer. If there was she could easily release those emails to the media since they would be her emails and there is nothing legally preventing her from doing so.
Honestly we can't know for sure. They are probably wondering what they found because there are too many possibilities. They don't know exactly which crime the FBI is talking about. It could be one, it could be more than one, or it could be nothing. I doubt it's nothing because 1. Knee jerk reaction from DNC screams guilt, 2. Comey waited until now to make sure they won't have enough time to react, and 3. The evidence is already enough for indictment as is so it doesn't matter they were planning this reopening the case all along.
> 2. Comey waited until now to make sure they won't have enough time to react, and You realize if there were any evidence of that Comey would be going to jail for basically forever. What's your obsession with an indictment? They haven't convened a grand jury, the DOJ doesn't indict within 8 days, and they only indict when they know they will win. Their success rate is like 93% in 2012. You know what the odds of convicting Hillary Clinton in a jury trial are? Absolutely fucking zero. You're going to prevent any Democrat from serving in the jury pool? Its going to be 50-50 split. And not reacting to this immediately would look as guilty or more guilty than a "knee jerk" reaction. And given this was not knee jerk, but two stepped, it looks planned. You might want to consider that Comey just delegitimized a narrow Trump swing-state victory, the only way there was really any shot of Trump winning. Hillary can literally sue in PA over the FBI's tainting of the election, win in the state Supreme Court 5-2, and then have that decision upheld 4-4 by SCOTUS. Trump can win Florida and Ohio, but not North Carolina or Virginia, and he needs all the swing states (including like Michigan and PA) to get to 270.
Because her and her team have been investigated constantly for years, so she's probably fairly certain that this is a political tactic. The only way to defuse the situation is transparency.
She needs to last 8 more days and then its irrelevant. The FBI cannot release the information within 8 days. It would be unprecedented and allow her to challenge the results of the election in Court should she lose, or allow Obama to step in in some otherwise unprecedented way. Its proper PR strategy for her to come off as transparent and open, and then to attack the person who did it and their motivations. Comey's fucked either way at this point and probably going to jail under either administration.
Assuming this is just a nothingburger as Clinton says, the FBI releasing everything is the only way it dies. There's nothing Clinton can do because anyone who believes her is already voting for her.
She is an attorney, she knows very well they cannot thousands of these emails in the next few days. It took them a year or whatever to investigate all the emails that she gave them. Granted, she had them printed on paper and put in more than a dozen boxes. What an asshole move. The FBI has to scan 1000s of emails...
Where are you getting this 1000's number? It's a few emails at most- Huma would print out some emails for Hillary to read since the blackberry font was too small. The FBI has had this computer for awhile, and Weiner gave them permission to access the files.
I see you keep saying the same thing over and over. It has been reported by the Wall Street Journal that they found 650k emails. http://www.wsj.com/articles/laptop-may-include-thousands-of-emails-linked-to-hillary-clintons-private-server-1477854957
Because if they don't comply, they can say that the FBI in keeping America in the dark to help Trump. Hillary should know that they can't release the emails during an investigation, and wants to paint this an partisan politics gore awry, as she does with every scandal.
Well, they also aren't supposed to disclose steps taken in investigations within 60 days of an election, but that didn't stop Comey. And of course the only reason he is purportedly pressured to do so is he made specific representations to congress that he had no business giving.
I see
Because she knows they can't. If they suspect there is a reasonable risk the classified information exists in those emails then they need to process through them before they can be released.
So what you're saying is that the FBI made an surprise announcement that could influence the election knowing that it couldn't be resolved until after the election was over? Seems neglectful.
They didn't plan to find stuff on Weiner's computer. The case had been basically closed a few months back. If they found a crap ton of her emails on someone's computer, you know they have to investigate it. For Comey, it was best that he revealed that because he was screwed either way. Honesty is the best policy.
Why can't she just release her emails?
I didn't think they let her keep them... wasn't having everything on a private server the problem in the first place?
You'd think they'd have copies. Huma has copies.
You think the FBI left backups behind? How would that work? There's no way to know a drive is nothing but backups for sure without taking it as evidence and examining what's on it first. I seriously doubt Hillary has all her emails sitting on a drive somewhere still. Hell, even if she did, I'd be very surprised if she didn't have the damn thing ground up into dust while cursing about how much this hurt her during the election under her breath. Not that she actually touched a hard drive in her life personally, but you get the idea. Why take the risk?
They arent hers and this isn't her computer!
Well, this can't be good...
The Comey letter is unprecedented, that's for sure. It puts his ass completely on the line. Either: * Comey risked his career and prosecution on a political stunt to hurt Clinton near the election. or * There's something in the emails that from a fairly rough glance is impeachment-level criminal. Either Comey or the Clintons are finished. "Let the 45th Hunger Games Begin!" Edit: There is another good possible reason for the release: * Comey has no clue as to what the agents found and is covering his ass against congressional attacks later. (It's just not as *fun* as the others) :)
The FBI has been going through these emails for several weeks before they informed Comey, who promptly went public. He wouldn't do this unless he was sure it would disqualify Clinton.
Hungry-for-power games FTFY
If we're placing bets, I say that it has something to do with underage women, The Clintons and Jeffrey Epstein's "Lolita Express" airplane.
Wait, are they charging her with anything?
Option three sounds like the most likely to me, and some of the language of leaks within the FBI/DOJ that have been reported suggest that too (talk of "lose-lose" situation, etc).
And considering he has impeccable character and judgement, based on what democrats have said since july, its probably bad for clinton
At this point I think Comey finds a reason to indict solely based on saving his own ass. He'll look like a total clown if nothing comes of this. He also knows he probably just handed the election to Trump so he'll want to appease his new boss.
Except Comey hasn't looked in any of the emails yet, he just knows from metadata that some of them came from Hillary's server and thus are pertinent to the previous investigation.
> The note added that it would "be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record. STR... You can't make this shit up.
The best parting about supplementing the record, you still get paid after the election.
Yeah, the dude it just correcting the record. What's wrong with that?
Perhaaaaaps Comey just made a bad judgement call? Like he said, if he didn't say anything about it before the election and something was uncovered, even something minor, he'd be accused of a coverup and lying under oath by his GOP cohorts. I think this was the worse of the two decisions, but they were both bad possible outcomes, and it could have been made without any certainty of criminality *or* nefarious intent. Really this is all because Bill Clinton is a fucking idiot who thought chatting it up with the AG in the week before the indictment decision was acceptable, leaving Comey to become the defacto voice on the case.
Wow, if Comey didn't know it would create this kind of stir he's really beyond incompetent & should never have been put in such a high position of authority
Idk, it's certainly possible that the head of the FBI is a moron when it comes to public relations, given that it's not usually their wheelhouse. Never attribute to malice what is adequately explained by stupidity. \_()_/ To be clear, I'm not saying that is likely, merely that it's another possible explanation
Not buying it. He already showed his true colors when he decided to step out of bounds by characterizing Hillary as 'careless' awhile ago when he was supposed to just deliver the decision straight. This all seems painfully and terribly obvious.
> when he decided to step out of bounds by characterizing Hillary as 'careless' Are you serious? He "stepped out of bounds" by describing her actions and explaining how they didn't amount to her breaking the law (she was careless, not negligent)? What an odd thing for law enforcement to do... https://66.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_me31aq3Mjr1qacv60o1_500.jpg
Uhhh they're not supposed to do that though, they're just supposed to state the decision. It was considered weird and unprofessional.
Calling her careless was his excuse as to why he wasn't arresting her, not an insult.
No, it was a little added insult to the actual decision. People commented on the fact that it was strange he'd say something like that. It was considered unprofessional at the very least.
Well that's just completely incorrect; it was a major factor in the "actual decision".
He was adding moral judgment to what was supposed to be a detached exposition. He was throwing a bone to the republicans.
It wasn't moral judgement, it was a basic rationale for the decision that she shouldn't go to jail. You're *really* grasping at straws here.
...as opposed to what? He said she was careless, had no intent, and then recommended no charges. Nearly the entire argument made by HRC during the first investigation was that if she had done anything she wasn't supposed to, it was just an oversight and there was no malicious intent. Comey's statement corroborated all of that, and you're upset that he called her "careless"?
They're typically not supposed to make those remarks, just literally state the facts. I'm not 'upset' but IMO it's certainly an indicator of partisanship and a lack of professionalism & lack of an interest in keeping things as detached and objective as possible.
It should be in his wheelhouse to have the judgement to know when to make a public comment on an ongoing investigation though. The way to handle this was to get the warrant, get everyone in the department looking at those emails and THEN determine whether any sort of public announcement is necessary. I think Harry Reid claiming a Hatch Act violation is a little dangerous though. Comey didn't actually say anything positive OR negative about Clinton in that letter. I think he is handling the situation in pretty much the worst way possible, but I think it's hard to call this obvious partisan activity. It IS his job to investigate, so I don't think he should be punished for that. But MAN was that letter dumb.
If that letter is not a violation of the Hatch act it is only because Comey intentionally did everything to toe that line without crossing it. He is clearly either intentionally interfering with the election or he is the dumbest motherfucker alive. My dog could have said what would happen when you drop the vague bullshit he did 11 days before an election and refuse to publically clarify it.
Idk as long as it wasn't intentional and he's just incompetent I think that makes it all okay
Well there isn't much he could do, both ways are bad because he is dealing with children. Ether he says nothing and the republican kings of "can't fucking let it go" pull him into about 500 Senate hearings Or He says something and the democrats skin him alive politically because he dared to call out "the anointed one" on making piss-poor decisions about how she used her private emails.
No, Comey knew exactly what he was doing. Comey left the door open for an "October Surprise" by telling Congress that he would be transparent and inform them of any new information. He might of been waiting for the best timing/material to help the Republican party. Since nothing came up, this was his last Hail Mary to save the party. If you ask me, this is what Obama gets for trying be bipartisan and picking a lifelong Republican as head of the FBI.
If comey isn't suited for the job then who is? Hes pretty much the closest person we have a to a paragon in government at the moment.
How about a paragon who doesn't use his office to unduly influence the election? Comey is just another Republican hack.
fucking trump suporters, why can't we just ban them all from reddit.
Well, that's what makes this so worrying.
Pretty sure he knew it would cause a stir, but maybe not to this extent. But also play out some of the other scenarios. Say they never inform and investigate after the election; if there's someting major, Comey gets reamed out, Trump says the election is rigged and we have some massively fucking pissed off people. Say they review without alerting the public before the election. If they don't find anything, no problem. I have a hunch they won't find anything to change their minds, so this might have been a safe option. However, if they review without alerting people AND find something that changes the story, then they either release that inf even closer to the election and have a bigger effect or release after the election and if it comes out that they knew BEFORE the election, Comey is even more fucked than if he had just reviewed them after the election. In short, I think he made a mistake releasing a statement with little detail (which let the media run wild), but he honestly might see this as his best chance to not be just completely destroyed (which, lets be honest, is unlikely; his career is probably over). If they are able to review them quickly and get results to the public, then the overall impact is hopefully minimized. There's time for Clinton to do damage control now and prepare for either outcome. Regardless, what a fucking mess this election is.
You're overanalyzing. He could have easily just waited two weeks and nobody would have cared. This is a selfish, political move, and that's it.
You don't think he analyzed the position he was in? I've thought about it for maybe a half hour and tried to see what just some of the angles were. If he says nothing and they do find a smoking gun in two weeks, imagine the backlash if Clinton wins. Trump's rallying cry of "rigged" finally has teeth and people go nuts. Comey is crucified by the GOP and the media. Now, I don't think they find anything, but he has to entertain the possibility that he would.
Comey is not a moron. I highly doubt he didn't realise what a stir this would cause, especially given the Justice Department explicitly told him. Something is in those emails.
If there was something in those emails that they knew about and Comey was acting based on political bias, he already would have released it. If you believe he's acting based on bias, then it's much more likely he wrote the letter to cause a stir regardless of what they might find. Or, he's not acting on bias, but felt like this course of action may have minimized his exposure (though this appears to be incorrect). It's much more likely that there is nothing in these emails than there is some smoking gun. If all the other emails weren't enough, another small collection of new emails likely won't make a difference.
The fact there even *is* another collection of emails is enough. That in and of itself may well be a crime.
Look, as someone with familiarity with large scale document collections in relation to DoJ investigations, large corporate lawsuits and other federal cases, this isn't a crime. This shit happens. When you're collecting hundreds of thousands or millions of documents from dozens or hundreds of people, sometimes things slip by. Someone had an old work cell that they kept once they upgraded that has relevant material on it, but you don't realize until you've already "finished" your review. Oops. You send a letter to opposing counsel letting them know that you've found them and are reviewing them, which is essentially what Comey did. Stop for a minute and think about it: is it more likely that Huma colluded to hide some secret cache of emails on devices belonging to Weiner, or that in their collection of emails noone thought to look on Weiner's devices for anything relevant because he was outside the scope of reasonable collection. The latter is far more likely, and doesn't make it a crime, it makes it an oversight. Usually these oversights are minor and rarely, if ever, add new information that turns the tide of a case.
> Look, as someone with familiarity with large scale document collections in relation to DoJ investigations I don't believe you. Be specific. One of the reasons I don't believe you is that sending all emails from a server to an investigation is trivial. That's the point of an email server. It's centralised.
You're right, I should totally give you specifics of DoJ investigations I have been a part of. That's the sort of thing you just hand out willy nilly on the internet. Chose to believe me or not, but I can rest assured that I have a bunch more familiarity with the document collection and review process than a lot of people just spouting off their opinions.
>Look, as someone with familiarity with large scale document collections in relation to DoJ investigations, large corporate lawsuits and other federal cases, this isn't a crime. This shit happens. Unless the emails are extensively business related, and have damming evidence, and everyone pleaded these particular emails never existed.
Ok, you think this collection has a smoking gun that the Clinton Crew was smart enough to hide during the original collection but incompetent enough to leave somewhere else to be potentially collected later. Look, if you think they're criminals, fine, whatever. But if they were able to destroy the emails originally, what makes you think they just forgot about the other copies?
>..... and Comey was acting based on political bias, he already would have released it. NOT without a warrant.
Sure, but he could certainly have hinted at what it might be. If you really want to drive the right into a fervor, you can give them a bone with some meat.
But it's perfectly reasonable to not make a statement if you don't have the information yet. Sure, the right wing will scream and throw tantrums but they always do that. Literally it is *bizarre* that he would release such cryptic and opaque non-information at this point in time. It reeks. Of bad judgment and/or partisanship.
As I said in my other reply to you, I'm on the side that it's bad judgement over a hit job. I think he was trying to cover his ass and did it poorly. Hell, he didn't leak the letter to the public, Chaffetz did. If he had ordered a press release saying as much, maybe I could get behind the hit job angle more, but I really think Comey looked at all his options and decided that he thought this one offered him the most protection. And if the emails don't contain anything (which I think we agree they don't have anything of importance), keeping silent would have been by far the best choice. But they can't know what's in them until they are reviewed. If there were to be something, he'd be crucified in the media by the right. Can you imagine the teeth the "rigged" calls from Trump supporters would have? That's some dangerous territory.
'It has always been the FBI protocol to thoroughly review all information before making a formal statement. We have had to go over hundreds of thousands....' It is disturbing that he would go with 'yo lets fuck this election up' over following fucking protocol. I'm sorry, I really don't buy the FBI director innocent little lamb theory. And he released this shit directly TO the republicans.
At this point - with Hilary about to be proven guilty - what difference does it make when they say they found them? Before the election - she doesn't run. After the election, she's indicted.
He released this shit to the congressional committee before which he claimed under oath that the review was done. Maybe I'm just trying to hold onto the last hope I have that everything isn't some insanely corrupt mad scramble for power, but I think he didn't want to perjure himself. Trying to hold onto this kind of hope is a losing battle this year, but I'm trying. The world is a better place when the people whose job duties require impartiality remain so.
But why now? 11 days before the election? Really? What the fuck have they been doing?
Check this thread: https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/5a72gz/fbi_agents_knew_of_clintonrelated_emails_weeks/ If it is as that article says, agents knew but didn't send it up the chain to Comey, meaning this delay is as much on them as anyone. Additionally, since the emails were found as part of another investigation, it's not like they knew about these in July and just sat on them. I have some familiarity with big document collections for DoJ, large corporate and other federal litigation, and oversights happen from time to time. Someone might have a personal laptop from which they occasionally send work emails but you don't realize it until you're through with a document review. Sometimes you catch it, sometimes opposing counsel will ask you to re-collect from a particular source or individual they suspect contains relevant information. Usually, the legal parties discuss it and recollect. Often these new collections amount to little or nothing; in fact, the majority of the emails are likely duplicates of the ones already in FBI possession if they were sent to or from people from which emails have already been reviewed. But they have to get a warrant, collect the emails from the device, process them to remove duplicates and then review them. It's a bitch of a process. In all likelihood, there's nothing to this. It's possible that some of the deleted emails are there. But if I recall, those were deleted by Clinton's counsel for being irrelevant. So, even if those emails are part of the collection, they're likely to have no impact on this whole thing. But again, Comey and the FBI has to proceed as if they could find a smoking gun in these additional emails. And god forbid they do, I can't deal with any more of this shit. I just want it to be mid November and have this all be in the past (there's my optimism again...).
> he didn't want to perjure himself This is the correct answer to all of this.
By all means, the situation has been a clusterfuck. But I honestly think the dude was just trying to cover his ass legally.
Only twice has hillary's numbers dipped within competitive for Donald and once was after comey and the email press conference happened. Fbi + emails + hillary = bad news bears for her campaign. So I think he should've predicted what kind of wildfire he'd start.
Who the fuck cares if Comey is worried about how he "looks"? It's part of the fucking job, there are protocols and he should follow them, rather than worry about criticism. Jesus.
Yeah, people are acting like Comey is a politician running for election right now. Why is he and everyone else so worried about how he looks? No one should give a shit about how Comey feels or looks. He's not an elected representative. The problem here is whether he is trying to inappropriately leverage his position to influence a presidential election. Even if you want Trump to win it is not hard to see the, completely foreseeable, impact of his statements and how inappropriate it is. The FBI director is in such a position of great influence over the American voters right now that he can literally just talk about *starting* an investigation and a whole shit show takes place? Inappropriate is the best word for it.
He was legally obligated to update congress. He had stated under oath that he had reviewed the emails and was not investigating further. Congress required him to update them on any changes, which is exactly what he did. It was congress that leaked this not Comey. Yes, he is in a position of great influence but he had to legally update congress and he is updating an existing investigation, not a new one.
He was forced by congress to inform them of new emails... that's literally the whole story.
Or maybe he just is fulfilling his requirement to report to congress if there is any possibility something related to the previous investigation comes to light. Be it a bombshell or be it insignificant, that's his job.
He's not a dumb man. He just put it all on the line and I don't think he would do that just to spite Hillary. If she wins and this thing fizzles he is finished professionally. Honestly he is probably done either way at this point. Can't see him doing that just to get Donald Trump elected...Comey may have been a (R) in the past, but let's be honest, there is very little (R) about Trump and certainly not worth tossing your career over. He believes/knows there is something there
From what I've heard it has nothing to do with Clinton. So I think you might be wrong. I think it is Huma that is finished. I said last November Huma will be the one that falls due to emails. Nobody else.
What kind of charges would affect only Huma and not the Clintons?
the kind he imagined
Or maybe just maybe he's trying to do the right thing and is kind of fumbling along trying to do his best in a shitty situation. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hanlon%27s_razor >"Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity,"[1][2] or "Don't assume bad intentions over neglect and misunderstanding." It recommends a way of eliminating unlikely explanations for a phenomenon (a philosophical razor). As an eponymous law, it may have been named after a Robert J. Hanlon. There are also earlier sayings that convey the same idea dating back at least as far as Goethe in 1774.
The whole case about these emails and the results that have come from it is unprecedented... but there must have been sufficient information to ask for a warrant and reopen the case if the NYPD was investigating a separate case and saw email content sufficient enough to inform the FBI of, and then the FBI informing Comey specifically. Bill meeting with the Attorney General during the investigation and having all the emails deleted after a sopenea, even Comey had to admit this was an unusual case to the oversight committie. End of the day the poor guy will probably just have to be as transparent to congress to ensure the integrity of the case and the FBI (within legal reason as he did promise to congress to let them know if anything changes with the case)
Clintons will never be finished. Comey's just gonna go home and lift some weights
As of this writing, I disagree. Hillary is done. Trump will be president for 4 years, fuck everything up, a Democrat will come in and clean things up, and Republicans will pretend Trump never happened. It will be the George W. presidency times five.
Until those weights fall on his neck.
This is the smartest thing that I have read during this entire election cycle.
Maybe you should read more then
Yep. Look how many scandals the Clintons have been in and nothing ever sticks
Maybe it's because they are almost always witch hunts instead of real scandals.
Precisely. Even Colin Powell who doesn't like the Clintons at all says Benghazi was a witch hunt
Running for the President - opens you to a lot more attention and scrutiny.
Yes. And they've been through running for President now for the 4th time. 3rd time in the general
And chill in his hottub with the lid on.
Gonna go and try hit a new 1 rep max on bench press, without a spotter
I guarantee ny pd has those emails as well. Comey doesn't have a move cause he can't cover them up now.
NYPD can't do shit with the emails. If there is evidence of criminality its because there's classified information in them, in which case the NY DAs have no basis for prosecution. Releasing them knowing what they are would likely subject them to Federal prosecution under the Espionage Act.
Having a presidential candidate be under investigation by the FBI is also unprecedented. It's a bit of a stretch to say that he is somehow violating the normal procedures for this scenario, because we've never had anything like this before. And I say that as someone who is firmly anti Trump and will be voting for Clinton. Just because news that is bad for Clinton has come out near the end of the campaign does not mean external forces are desperately trying to sabotage her. That's some Trump level paranoia. There are plenty of things Comey could have done to screw Clinton over if that were his goal, all of which would have been less "suspicious" than something like this.
How can you still vote for Clinton, just because you don't like trump? Look at the veritas tapes, look at the corruption. She is under investigation by the fbi for God's sake! Comey is not risking his career away for nothing. Vote for anybody you want but not the corrupt witch that is Clinton.
speculating from afar, but here goes. trump has the whiff of the dictator about him- the way he presents himself, the chest thumping, the flag waving, the rabble-rousing... all are remeniscent of 20th century dictators cut of a certain cloth. simply put, even with clinton's percieved corruption (whether she's corrupt or not is purely academical in this scenario), they see her as the lesser evil, or at the very least, the devil they know- and are following old axioms like choosing the lesser of two evils (while still completely aware that the lesser evil is still evil), or better the devil you know than the devil you don't (everyone knows pretty much what to expect of hillary, whereas nobody really knows what donald's gonna do)
She is unapologetically corrupt. That is what gets me. I cannot forgive them for fucking over Sanders, a good man with a vision, just because she wants another feather in her cap.
They've been trying to kill Hillary's career since 1992, and the worst they ever got on her is that she ran a private email server. From this, I'm supposed to conclude that she's corrupt? If anything, the opposite.
Because if thats the worst the entire Republican party has been able to dig up on her in 25 years, it means she'd probably be a fucking rock star President. How can you vote for someone who hasn't paid Federal Income taxes in 20 years? Someone who's also under investigation for ties to Russia? By the way, there's one simple reason you vote for Clinton over Trump: the Supreme Court. There's a seat open and Trumps list of proposed nominees is filled with literal delusional psychopaths unfit to be members of the bar let alone members of the Court.
So anyone under investigation is guilty and a criminal mastermind?
Based on wikileaks evidence - sure.
According to you, you shouldn't vote for somebody who is under investigation.
Every Presidential candidate who reaches major party nominee status has likely been investigated by the FBI (or is under investigation continuously). More importantly, there is zero chance Trump isn't under investigation for links to Putin / Russia. His aides have too many business ties for him not to be. To disclose one investigation and not another would be a clear violation of the Hatch Act, and he really is violating normal procedure in every way shape and form. He violated it back in July when he recommended against indictment  there was no reason to make that recommendation public. I would argue there is actually a decent chance Russian agents planted the files on Weiner's computer, or that Weiner's been compromised in some way by Russia such as kiddie porn blackmail. Russia's ships are entering the Mediterranean and timed to be off the Syrian coast within days of the election. Expect things to evolve rapidly.
> Having a presidential candidate be under investigation by the FBI is also unprecedented So lets ignore her candidacy. Why is the Director publicizing information about an ongoing investigation before he has any understanding of it?
Ultimately, Clinton is responsible for putting comey in this situation due to her running for president while being investigated for these issues. I understand she is innocent until proven guilty, but unfortunately the timing on this was such that she is creating a lot of risk for the governance of the entire country by not stepping down and allowing someone with less uncertainty to be the Democratic nominee.
>Clinton is responsible for putting comey in this situation due to her running for president while being investigated for these issues. By creating a private server! How many people did she have to sweet talk into letting her have it as a secretary of state? Lots of people above her must have found out about this private server, but let it slide.
I mean there's pretty good precedent. Not that I consider it acceptable but where was this investigation https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bush_White_House_email_controversy And here we're talking about 22 million missing emails, not 33 thousand. That's 3 orders of magnitude larger
Wow! That's incredible - I had never heard about this in detail (or in a way that made it likely to be true).
If you are advocating Hillary gets away with it then let me say this: You are advocating stopping a precedent being set to arrest high level officials who do this shit. The major historic thing that people on the fence or that go "But these other guys did it!" need to realize is that her going down for this literally sets the pace for justice departments to go after presidents for doing this.
I don't think it's that big of a deal. I think they both did it because they wanted to avoid FOIA requests. Also you say getting away with it. What crime did she commit? And going forward you make it clear how unacceptable that is and what the crime is. I mean Congress could pass a more serious crime bill for that. I'm not defending and I think it's careless but I understand why and in no ways do I think it's disqualifying for being President. Maybe there's a smoking gun Comey will release between now and election day but I doubt it and I think he's tarnished his legacy irreparably. After J Edgar Hoover he'll be the next most notorious. It is rather remarkable though. He's united Democrats and Republicans in demanding the info be released before election day
I think the major issue is that he has confirmed in congress Hillary doing things that prosecutors across the country say they would prosecute Hillary for, and say he will not prosecute. On top of the fact that he is not a prosecutor. It literally isn't his job or right to make that decision.
I mean he can recommend and he didn't before. They need a lightning fast review here. The journalist who has been the best this election season says it's Huma printing off emails to give to Hillary because she hates reading on a screen and the reason Huma would forward them is she had trouble printing from her State department email. That seems logical here though the thought of Weiner illegally stealing emails is hilarious. Of note, none of the emails are from or to Hillary. They spent a year investigating thoroughly. I don't see how an 11th hour thing they need to get through in a week will change that but if I'm wrong I'll be the first person to admit that. I expect this to be a boring find
It's strange that people are confidently saying no emails are going to and from Hillary and at the same time confidently saying no one knows what is on those emails. There are 650,000 emails and it is known that Huma would regularly log into Hillary's accounts to send and receive mail. Also the thought isn't Weiner stole the emails, and if he did it shows the negligence going into the email's security. But the thought is that Huma was logging into that computer and Weiner had stored all the emails that sync'd with his device.
Oh my fucking god if this shitstorm gets Trump elected I will forever hate both Clintons as much as I do Trump. Why can't we have nice things?
What nice things were you promised by Clinton that she will without a doubt deliver to you?
What the fuck are you talking about? I only want Clinton elected because Trump is far worse. Both candidates suck donkey balls, one just sucks less (and is actually not a moron).
Idk. Ones talking about the use of nukes and the other is talking about inciting war with Russia which has more nukes than us.
Bush Sr was indicted while running against Clinton the weekend before the elections in 92. Clinton attacked Bush for a 'culture of corruption' and praised the prosecutor for bringing charges. After Clinton won, the case was thrown out. But it killed Bush's momentum. Unprecedented is the shallow's media word. I am not a fan of Trump or Clinton, but I view Clinton as the adult who should know better.
Stop making shit up. Bush wasn't indicted. His advisor Weinberger was, and Weinberger *was already under indictment for the fucking Iran Contra,* which he was pardoned for by the outgoing Bush Sr. The indictment came under presentment of evidence to a fucking Federal Grand Jury by Independent Counsel Lawrence Walsh, a life long Republican. While you can claim it was bizarre, the idea that it has any parallel to this situation where an FBI Director sends a letter to congress which is worded to incite speculation and innuendo is ridiculous.
Bush was never indicted, it was Weinberger.
Was bush indicted, or his sec of defense?
Nominally it was Casper Weinberger, but realistically all the commentary was about Bush's involvement. Just like Huma's indictment would be all about Clinton.
I thought I read that Comey was obligated by law to report that he had been made aware of more emails, as he had previously said the FBI had reviewed all the emails they had and now that they have more, they need to review them in order to keep his statement true. Does that make sense? I'll happily be proven wrong by someone who knows more about this than me.
That is the claim but I've not seen any real support. He said they had reviewed all the emails they had. They then got more. When they determine relevance they can act. But there is no law I know of that says that Congress should be told operational information about an ongoing investigation.
It's not so much the fact that he informed congress, but the manner and the phrasing he used.
no you're absolutely right. could you imagine if he found out now before the election but didn't mke it known until after? that'd be way worse
the FBI doesn't comment on ongoing investigations. Can you imagine if there was an investigation into Trump's Russia ties that Comey revealed, only for it to turn out to be completely bogus? That's why that policy is in place, because it could clearly influence the election. Comey messed up
And with Trump ranting about how the election was rigged for months on end? Would be a stain on Hillary's presidency forever
Except there's laws in place saying that he must exactly do that
Source?
It's in the article, the Hatch Act.
I've read the text of the Hatch Act. There's nothing in there that says that the FBI Director has to sit on information until after an election. The Hatch Act is designed to prevent people like Comey from saying something like "I endorse Donald Trump for President." Right now, Comey is doing his job. It was actually impossible for him to conduct the earlier investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails without "[interfering with or affecting the result of an election](https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/5/7323)," but that investigation had to happen. This is an unprecedented situation, and he made a tough call. Maybe right, maybe wrong. But saying it's a violation of the Hatch Act is a bridge too far.
>I've read the text of the Hatch Act. There's nothing in there that says that the FBI Director has to sit on information until after an election. That's one way of interpreting events, although through multiple news reports it's been shown that the FBI doesn't actually know what's in the emails they found on Carlos Danger's computer and they just got the warrant to read the emails last night. So if the FBI simply says they found emails which may **or may not** be relevant to the investigation (Comey's words), that's not exposing information because they don't actually have any information. That's election interference.
Or: something else that you haven't thought of
> Or: something else that you haven't thought of I'd tell you what it was but I hadn't thought of it yet (lol) There's always blackmail and bribery, but since that explains almost 100% of any political action, it's not a great reason unless there's more detail.
Well, since Comey hasn't seen the emails, I can tell you you're second proposition isn't true
The investigation would have easy access to the content of emails - so they'll likely have read emails that are damming. BUT they can't officially declare anything they found, UNTIL they get a warrant. Because they know the value of the evidence, they boldly go in for a warrant right now, before the election, because they KNOW there's some heavy shit in there. If they really didn't "peek" at the emails, everyone would have approached this much more delicately.
Would Comey risk his reputation and career without having a pretty good idea what he was dealing with? (Maybe?! but why didn't he do this before) I already have my prediction as to what they have. https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/5a44m9/senate_democrats_want_an_update_from_comey_no/d9dku53/ (TL/DR larger, unredacted clintonemail .pst's)
He obviously doesn't know what is happening and isn't letting that stop him from talking about it.
> Would Comey risk his reputation and career without having a pretty good idea what he was dealing with? Well, Weiner risked his rep and career because he couldn't keep his wick down, so yeah. People do dumbshit.
You watch way too much House Of Cards.
>You watch way too much House Of Cards. If you think bribery, blackmail, and corruption only happen on TV, the world must be a very confusing place for you.
I don't think it accounts for 100% of what goes on in Washington.
Fine. 98% then.
"My father is an important leader, like a president or a senator." "Michael, senators don't have people killed!" "Oh who's being naive now, Kay?"
Nice! Disproving a fictional TV show with a fictional movie.
why does everyone overlook the simplest option. 1. there is a new development in your investigation. 2. you tell the oversight committee who are looking over the investigation. 3. chaffez runs to the news with the letter which wasn't the intent from comey.
Nah dude, Comey wrote a few paragraphs to congress and that's a violation of the hatch. Also he is a Russian agent
Because he must have known what would happen.
knowing what would happen doesn't change whether or not you are obligated to report it to those overseeing you. he did just about the best he could, he wrote a letter saying "heads up there is new stuff found but we don't know how significant it is and its likely not to change our verdict" there are many statements in there downplaying the matter and to try keep it in context, its not his fault chaffez ran to the media and they like they always do boiled it down into "BREAKING NEWS!!!!!!1" sections.
this.
That's a very "TV" understanding of how politics works. The realities of working in politics are much more mundane than House of Cards would have you believe. Here are more realistic reasons: 1) Congress already scrutinized the shit out of him after not giving the indictment that congress desperately wanted. He probably didn't want that shitstorm again. 2) He testified (in said shitstorm) that we would keep congress updated if any new info came up. Comey is covering Comey's own ass, but he was screwed either way. This way he would be criticized by democrats, which is probably better than people in your own party. He wasn't doing blow off a strippers dick while being fed information from Dick Cheney's robot heart. He's just covering his ass.
well put!
That is actually a really good reason. I'll update my primary post to reflect this.
"People in his own party?" He's not part of any political party. He was a registered republican in the past, but that's a republican *voter* not a republican politician.
Comey was in a shitty situation either way. To not release info now would cause him to be accused of rigging the election for Hillary from the GOP if it came out that there were emails worthy of prosecution. The letter he sent was sufficiently bare bones to encourage baseless speculation from everyone, which was a mistake. If they could have taken a day or two, maybe tied down some details for a letter to congress, maybe people wouldn't have been so incensed. But all the letter said is that there are more emails that need to be reviewed; that sort of shit happens from time to time in large document collections and reviews. Has he handled it well? Certainly not. But I'm not sure he's entirely risking his neck or suspecting that there is "impeachment level criminality" contained in the emails. Certainly you would agree that it would have been worse if they had obtained a warrant for the emails without telling anyone that they were doing so and then having people find out that way. If they needed to review the emails, they probably needed to indicate their intent to review the emails (but maybe in a more tactful, less inflammatory way).
Doesn't matter if he was accused of withholding. There wouldn't be any consequences for him
[deleted]
he's facing a possible hatch prosecution and When Clinton wins his career is over. Though he probably feared it was even before he did this. The clintons hold grudges
Agree with this 100%, he'd have been damned if he didn't prior to the election.
He DIDN'T ACTUALLY REVEAL ANY INFORMATION, though. That's why people are upset and saying it was politically motivated. Because the entire letter was purposefully vague and failed to mention that they hadn't even obtained a warrant to look at the emails.
Well, if he doesn't have a warrant, he doesn't have all of the information yet. Partial information can be used to draw incorrect conclusions. IMO, Law Enforcement Agencies should actively try to not release information. Most of the time, I have no right or business to know anything about it. Because Hillary is a candidate for POTUS, it's important for voters to know that she's actively being investigated by the FBI, so she's a bit of a special case.
But voters already knew this. And they literally don't know if the emails are connected to Hillary because they haven't accessed them. He doesn't seem to be bringing up that Trump is also under multiple investigations.
I absolutely think the fact that he didn't reveal where the emails were found was a mistake. Saying they were found on a device related to an investigation of Weiner would have curtailed some of the spiral and spin in the media. That's the big fuck up in my opinion, but I'm not sure it's politically motivated. His letter reads to me as a way to inform the congressional committee that there was something else of substance and that he would let that committee know more once he had the info. Given this election, he probably should have expected the letter would be leaked and spun, but I don't think he needed to give the committee more info than he did.
It's either politically motivated or he's just an idiot
Real question, though: What happens if Hillary is elected president and she is indicted? Is there another election? Does Tim Kaine become president? I wouldn't think that Trump gets in without another election.
She will run office until she is in prison*, then that pedo-looking Tim Kaine will be President. If Impeached, Kaine will be interim president while we hold another election mid-term or some crap. We've never had to do this, so alot is 'unknown'. Basically Kaine would be president. Which is terrible.
>We've never had to do this Except for that one time with the little-known president named Nixon. And I'm not convinced it'll end that way. And if it does, Kaine is a better option than Trump.
Nixon gave up the presidency. What happens when hilldawg doesn't?
What makes you think she won't? edit: And I suppose I should actually answer the question. There's a process after impeachment for a removal from office if the president refuses to step down.
> then that pedo-looking Tim Kaine will be President. Can you give a real reason why Kaine is unworthy of the Presidency other than empty insults?
Can you give one why? I rest my case. Dude is effeminate.
Here's one: He's against Citizens United. Oh, and he's a politician with 2 decades of experience. Hell, I'd vote him over Clinton in a heartbeat.
so he's against citizens united? Anything else? Nothing? Is that your intent? If trump was Against Citizens United, would you vote for him?
You asked for one reason why, I gave you what you asked for. Do you even know what you want?
So your political goal is simply one who states "I am against citizens united". That's fairly basic. You do realize that no one will say they are against **anything** since it ostracizes part of their voter base unless an overwhelming majority is against it? Look dude/chick we are on the same page. Both are idiots, and Oddly TRUMP is the best choice we have. It fucking sucks. But here we are. Criminal, or dude who likes to fuck supermodels.
> Oddly TRUMP is the best choice we have no...
No. Why do you answer when you don't know what you're talking about?
> If Impeached, Kaine will be interim president while we hold another election mid-term or some crap. > >We've never had to do this, so alot is 'unknown' Lol, you're just making this shit up
Wrong. Kaine would be president until January 19, 2021.
She could be impeached and then tried. If removed from office, then her vice-president takes over for the rest of the term. She could also make a case to continue as president until the end of her term before being tried.
She can only be impeached - can't be prosecuted otherwise while she's president. If she's removed from office (which would require impeachment by the House and then conviction in a trial in the Senate). Then Tim Kane would indeed become president and would pick a new Vice President (who would have to be confirmed by the senate). Look at how Gerald Ford became president. In that case, Spiro Agnew was forced to resign as Vice President and then Nixon picked a new Vice President. He picked Gerald Ford. Then much later Nixon was going to be impeached over the watergate scandal. Rather than go through the impeachment policy, he resigned and Ford became president. Then Ford picked a new Vice President (Nelson Rockefeller) who had to be confirmed by the senate. In any case, it's not gonna happen anyway. They will find out that the emails from Hillary didn't contain anything of note and close the investigation. Even if the emails had classified information and the house impeached her, the senate would not convict her because the senate will be controlled by the democrats after the election anyway.
Basically she can't be removed from office, except through impeachment, resignation, or death. While this aspect of the Constitution has been fully tested, it is likely that once elected President Clinton will become immune from indictments. Rather, she will instead have to be removed from office, which would require an impeachment hearing. Basically, a House Committee draws up charges, which have to be approved by the full body (a simple majority?). If approved those charges go to the Senate, who would then have to vote to impeach her, which requires a 2/3rds majority. Pass that hurtle and she's removed, Tim Kaine becomes Pres, and appoints a new VP. What happens to Clinton is a grey area. Specifically I'm not sure if she would then have to be "retried" or if the impeachment hearing would serve as a trail itself. My instinct is that she would still have to stand for a formal trial at some point. But Kaine, who would serve out her presidency, could just pardon her, no problem. That's what happened to Nixon. Though if Clinton has half the grace of Nixon (who was as gracefully as an angry badger) she'll resign before then. Again, that's what Nixon did, and is the only real template for seriously trying to impeach a president.
It could possibly be argued that under extreme circumstances the president should step down. If there's a legit criminal case against her and she refuses to step down and give power to VP until the conclusion, any congressman or senator that backs her might be looking at a serious career ending gaffe if she's found guilty.
Real answer, the chances of this happening are infinitesimally low. The emails would have to show intent to disclose classified information or remove it from where it should be. They will not show that. This entire probe is a demonstration on why the average person can't represent themselves in court. It's just a little too complicated to get in a soundbite. The risk Clinton would have actually violated the Espionage Act was nearly zero from the start, but it's impossible to explain that to anyone who doesn't like Clinton.
If she wins, the ticket wins. For whatever reason that she had to resign or was forced to resign, Kaine would become President.
Baring impeachment, resignation, or death she would remain president for her term. My guess is, if she is indicted she would probably be impeached shortly after, and if she didn't resign at that point she would be put on trial in the Senate. If the Senate is held by the Democrats... I honestly don't know if she would be acquitted or not. If she is not acquitted by the Senate, or she resigns, the vice president would become president and serve the remainder of the term. Once the vice president became the president he would nominate a new person to be vice president and that would be voted on by the Senate. EDIT: A senate trial requires a 2/3 majority to remove a President. I think the evidence, and charges, would have to be pretty strong to sway a bunch of Democrats to vote to remove Clinton from office regardless of whether the Democrats were in the majority or not. EDIT 2: Another possibility is, that if it gets to a Senate trial, and there is still an open supreme court seat (which could happen if the Republicans maintain the majority), I could see Democrats in the Senate making a deal with the Republicans to vote Clinton out in exchange for voting in a liberal Supreme Court nominee. EDIT 3: What I don't know about is what happens if she is acquitted in the Senate but goes to trial in a Criminal case and is convicted. My guess would be at some point she would pardon herself.
There's zero chance she would be convicted in a criminal case. You think a jury of her peers convicts her? She could walk up and shoot someone in the street and still be acquitted. Its one of the best reasons to be politically influential. There literally are a different set of laws for you because lots of people like you and some will be on your jury.
No doubt the house would vote to impeach her, the GOP will still control it, but actually convicting her requires 2/3 of the Senate to vote for it. That's stronger than a super majority, and it is highly unlikely enough dems, if any, would support it. If she wins the election and this is still looming over her head, Obama could pardon her and make the whole thing go away, otherwise the GOP will be holding Congress hostage for the next four years and blocking anything from getting done. Not saying he should or will, just that it may be the most pragmatic approach because there's no way Clinton is every going to face serious consequences for this anyway, unless they find a smoking gun.
If Obama pardons her there will be blood in the streets.
Most of the country thinks Hillary broke the law. If it was confirmed that she did, the Senate would have to follow the popular sentiment of the public or face their wrath.
> If she wins the election and this is still looming over her head, Obama could pardon her and make the whole thing go away, For Obama to pardon her, she would first have to be convicted and I don't think that will ever happen, let alone happen before Obama leaves office. And, I doubt that Obama would tarnish his legacy by pardoning her anyway.
Actually no, pardons can be given before convictions. They just have to come after the crime is committed.
Wait jumping in the conversation here. The senate has the ability to convict? What do you mean by that? Convict as in find her guilty and send her to jail?
He won't pardon her, that would admit she acted wrongly.
> it is highly unlikely enough dems, if any, would support it. I would like to think Senate Democrats are pragmatic enough to want to avoid the Constitutional crisis of a President serving their term from Leavenworth. I would like to think that, but Democrats have a habit of disappointing me. Also, I would like to think Obama only pardons her if she agrees to resign pre-inauguration.
> requires 2/3 of the Senate to vote for it. That's stronger than a super majority Isn't that exactly a super majority?
Technically I guess it is, but with the Senate the term usually refers to the 3/5 needed for cloture, making it filibuster proof. The dems were considered to have a super majority right in the beginning of Obama's first term with 60 seats held by or caucusing with the dems.
Technically a "supermajority" is just anything "significantly more" than a simple majority. For amending the constitution or removing a president from office, that is 2/3. However, those are pretty rare events. Overriding a filibuster, however, is fairly common and only requires 60 votes - hence 60 being the "supermajority" that we tend to talk about in the senate.
> The FBI obtained a warrant to search emails related to the Hillary Clinton private server probe that were discovered on ex-congressman Anthony Weiner's laptop, law enforcement officials confirmed Sunday. > > The warrant came two days after FBI director James Comey revealed that the emails were linked to Weiner's estranged wife, top Clinton aide Huma Abedin. > > The FBI already had a warrant to search Weiner's laptop, but that only applied to evidence of his allegedly illicit communications with an underage girl. > > Comey's disclosure of the emails ignited fierce criticism, particularly from Clinton, who called the move an "unprecedented" departure from FBI policy. > > On Sunday, Democratic Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid scolded Comey as well, saying in a letter that he "demonstrated a disturbing double standard for the treatment of sensitive information, with what appears to be clear intent to aid one political party over another." > > Reid added that his office determined that Comey may have violated the Hatch Act, which bars government officials from using their authority to influence elections. > > The FBI did not immediately respond to requests for comment on the Reid letter. [Here's Harry Reid's letter to Comey](http://imgur.com/a/TRnrB)
If Comey has explosive evidence of Trump and his aides having Russia ties, they all need to go on trial for treason after they lose this election.
Comey is done, I'd be amazed if he makes it to the inauguration
He'll resign before the end of the year.
He will resign before inauguration. He is damaged goods either way.
How the fuck did you bring Trump into a conversation about Clinton's e-mails?
Lol this sub is actually a Hillary sub. Rule number of her sub's: bully anybody who disagrees with you and blame it on Trump!
Pivots
Trump clinton spin, clinton trump spin. Talk about trump grabbing pussy, you get a conversation about Bill clinton. There's nothing too confusing about it.
Because there's mention of the FBI looking into Russian ties in Harry Reid's letter. The same letter that's linked in the parent post of this thread.
"treason" lol
do you even know what treason means? jesus christ what are you 14?
Comey is done, I'd be amazed if he makes it to the inauguration
I mean, he's a political appointee, he was done regardless. That's not a threat.
He was confirmed for a 10 year term in 2013. If he hadn't done this, removing him arbitrarily would have been awkward. The FBI and some other appointments are supposed to be somewhat insulated from politics as usual. He dun goofed.
> He dun goofed. No way. Comey is doing what the FBI is supposed to do: investigate people who break the law, no matter their political affiliation.
They're not supposed to hold press conferences to share the opinion of a candidate, and there's sure as hell not supposed to fill slow news days with rumors.
>share the opinion of a candidate If by "share opinion", you mean "be transparent about the facts of how the government is operating" you would be right. >there's sure as hell not supposed to fill slow news days with rumors. And the FBI doesn't have control over the media. So I think the next thing on your checklist that you're supposed to do is to pivot and blame Russia.
Don't think I'll need to. You'd have to had make a compelling point to bother pivoting.
So you are saying that - mere days, not even weeks, before the election - a person with a functioning brain couldn't figure that anything hinting of wrong-doing in connection with a presidential candidate wouldn't get a ton of air time? Especially with how the current election cycle has gone and it effectively re-opens a "settled" scandal? What Comey did goes against decades, if not nearly a century, of rules against any part of the Dept. of Justice interfering with an election. Based on what I've read elsewhere, the FBI has in the past gone so far as to delay subpoenas to political figures to prevent influencing elections. The Hatch Act is there to prevent governmental officials (with limited exceptions, of which no part of the FBI is included) from interfering with elections. And it doesn't (based on reading the wiki article on it and several other articles throughout the day) seem to care about needing to prove intent to influence the political process. Just that one did.
Yes. Investigate. Not advertise what and who they are currently investigating.
Hahaha, where did that come from? You guys are in meltdown mode and it is delicious.
That's why you know these emails are damaging. If these was nothing in these emails, then their response would be a complete over-reaction. But since they know how damaging they are, they're desperate to sling shit and hope that anything sticks.
You're jumping to conclusions here. I suggest we take the wait and see approach. But I highly doubt anything of value will be found. Could be wrong though
If that's true, then Hillary and her campaign are freaking out over nothing and are completely changing their strategy in combating the email scandal. Hillary was apologizing for the mistake. Now she's barely taking questions from the press about the whole thing.
Clinton camp suggested comey release all the info they have. Maybe they know it's nothing?
Clinton camp is free to release all the emails! They have that power. They've had it for the past year, but chose not to exercise that power.
You're right. Every Hillary supporter secretly knows what is in those emails. That's why.
Yeah, we've received the briefing. We know what's in there.
I don't think so. Any announcement by the FBI is guaranteed to have an adverse effect on her poling numbers, even if the emails turn out to be nothing.
It's a response to the parent comment. [Go over this comment again, a little more carefully this time](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/5a8mz9/fbi_obtains_warrant_for_newly_discovered_emails/d9eic0a/), to see if you can figure it out.
Lol
> If Comey has explosive evidence of Trump and his aides having Russia ties, they all need to go on trial for treason after they lose this election. It's like no one knows the definition of treason...
I admit I don't know the technical term. Always thought it was synonymous with traitorous.
> treason - the crime of betraying one's country, especially by attempting to kill the sovereign or overthrow the government. Instilling Herr Drumpf into the White House can surely be viewed as attempting to overthrow the government. We already know this dick-tator wants to imprison political rivals, limit freedom of press, and cancel the election and give him an automatic win. This guy is just taking orders of how things should be from his puppet master, Pootin.
That's the dictionary definition. US has a specific legal definition.
Treason is "adhering to [America's] enemies" Doing business with russians isn't illegal, but if trump was involved in the leaks, or worked with russia to ensure he wins in any way, i think that's treason, but IANAL.
One problem of many, Russia is not an enemy of the United States. Not a legal enemy. It is an adversary.
The constitution outlines it as: "levying War against [the United States], or in adhering to their Enemies, giving them Aid and Comfort."
None of which Trump has done.
You're joking, right? Man, it sure is disappointing watching r/politics turn into an Echo Chamber as bad as r/The_Donald. If you actually believe that 'instilling' Trump into the White House is an act of treason, well then I have news for you. We don't know what was discussed or even if Trump had meaningful conversations with Russian Aides. He may have said that he was going to imprison Hillary, or deny the outcome of the Election, but I have news for you. People have the Freedom of Speech to say a number of things, including to impression Hillary Clinton. While unethical, he can say that as much as he wants, because in the Schenk vs United States case (1919), the Supreme Court ruled that speech can be punished IF it creates a clear and present danger. Trump's words do not. President Andrew Jackson denied that result of the election of 1800 when he lost to John Quincy Adams and claimed a rigged vote. If your political view blinds you to reality, you need to change your view.
I'm just trolling. You need to get your panties out of a bunch.
*concern trolling. Your admittance can be interpreted as waving support.
sadly, we're at the point where no one can tell aynmore. Poe's law is in full play
k
"I'm just being a jackass, but now that you called me out with a legitimate argument you're the jackass." quote: a jackass
>the crime of betraying one's country
Working with an outside agency to achieve internal goals is kind of basic diplomacy, even if your long term goals and the outside agency are different. What about the fact that it requires another countries intervention in the first place to achieve even this modicum of transparency? Clinton has never claimed the emails as fake, so if they make her look bad it's hardly Russia's fault. Attacking the source of the intel doesn't absolve her of any error. And the fact that the State Department was so careless with internal documents that they *could* be hacked by a foreign power doesn't speak highly of her competency for an even higher office. I mean, Trump is a turd, but what he did isn't treason.
> Clinton has never claimed the emails as fake, so if they make her look bad it's hardly Russia's fault. I paid close attention to the emails, and to be honest what was claimed to have been unearthed was largely exaggerated and what was true was underwhelming. However if Russia is hacking DNC servers in an attempt to influence the election in favor of the Republicans, that is kind of terrifying. I don't think Russia is a boogeyman but surely their interests are not aligned with ours. As Americans we influence countless overseas elections and shouldn't be so blind at an attempt to influence our own.
You keep fantasizing on Russia and the what ifs. Reality is Clinton is under FBI investigation. The emails are REAL.
The emails are real, I don't know part of my post you're replying to?
>"Treason against the United States shall consist only in levying war against them, or in adhering to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort. No person shall be convicted of treason unless on the testimony of two witnesses to the same overt act, or on confession in open Court. The Congress shall have power to declare the punishment of treason."
[Related](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_wPvURDazMk&feature=youtu.be) Gowdy exposing FBI director Comy within the house of reps. For all who missed it.
Maybe Hillary and her posse should just stop doing shady shit.
Everyone does shady shit. She just happens to have a breeze blowing up her skirt.
"Everyone does it" isn't an argument for doing things that are considered wrong and may cause you to be labeled incompetent by your own FBI though.
Reid isn't saying Hillary is innocent. He's saying Comey chose to announce this when he's previously held onto more damaging information regarding Trump. That certainly makes it look like he's using his non-partisan platform to support one candidate over the other
So why doesn't Reid release the information himself if such information exists?
Because it doesn't, despite wishful thinking.
How?
> "demonstrated a disturbing double standard for the treatment of sensitive information, with what appears to be clear intent to aid one political party over another." Reid claims there is "clear intent to aid one political party over another." What evidence is there to support this claim? AFAIK the FBI does not comment about ongoing investigations. Comey made statements about the email investigation ***after*** it was finished. The Hatch act would only apply if Comey intended to influence the election in favor of one party over the other. If he is just doing his job and that happens to cause a stir or be damaging to one candidate, where is the criminality?
If I'm understanding correctly, this letter is about Comey's commenting on the new Weiner emails, e.g. making a statement about the email investigation while it's underway.
I assumed Harry Reid was referring to him not similarly revealing information about Trump's alleged connections with Russia. Personally, I feel for Comey. I feel like he was put in a bad spot either way. Say nothing, there would be problems for him months down the line when records show a new development occurred in an October preceding an election and he stayed silent. Say something, and he is potentially influencing an election only a week and a half away. Damned if you do, damned if you don't.
If he's sitting on info on Trump but not Clinton then that defense holds no water at all.
> I assumed Harry Reid was referring to him not similarly revealing information about Trump's alleged connections with Russia. when howard dean says comey is helping russia with this new email investigation we have jumped the fucking shark with blaming russia
> Here's Harry Reid's letter to Comey Savage. Reid is going out with a bang. Too bad he can't force hearings in the lame duck session.
Reid is bluffing, just as he did in 2012 with Romney's taxes, except it worked that time. He should keep his mouth shut and let this disappear from the news.
Using an image viewing extension, I didn't realize the letter was a 2-image album with the second page first. I thought it was a two sentence smackdown from Reid. Savage. Then I saw the first page. Still savage. My question now...does Reid know of something to a Trump/Russia claim that isn't public knowledge?
No, he's full of shit. Just like he was when he accused Romney of the same thing four years ago.
>My question now...does Reid know of something to a Trump/Russia claim that isn't public knowledge? Nah. He's swinging out with wild conspiracy theories. Democrats appointed Comey, and they LOVED him when he said he couldn't recommend prosecution of Hillary in July. Now they're turning on him.
> Nah. He's swinging out with wild conspiracy theories. But for that whole thing where it's now basic knowledge that someone with close ties to the Russian government was *running Trumps campaign* at one point. > Now they're turning on him. It's almost like what he's done is shady as hell. But keep churning that talking point.
>But for that whole thing where it's now basic knowledge that someone with close ties to the Russian government was running Trumps campaign at one point Desperate conspiracy theories. It's like the 1960's again - RUSSIA! COMMUNISM! The red scare. I don't think anybody is buying it.
lol
> they LOVED him when he said he couldn't recommend prosecution of Hillary in July Are you kidding? The non-recommendation was a relief, but expected. The press conference was infuriating, and his statement on Friday shows that exceptions are the new norm when it comes to Comey commenting on ongoing investigations, at least when Clinton is involved. Whether Reid actually has inside information or not, he's probably trying to force Comey to make some sort of statement. So far, Comey's openly commented on investigations related to Clinton against normal procedure--he admitted as much--and, apparently, against DOJ counsel as well. The fact that he won't say anything about Trump shows that he has very odd views about what he thinks the American people deserve to know.
>shows that exceptions are the new norm Well, we've never had a Presidential candidate under FBI investigation before, so I think it's all exceptional. Don't forget that the FBI interviewed Hillary and others, and their documents reveal a huge *pattern* of not following rules which went beyond simply the server. Again, it's reasonable for Comey to make some comments about the investigation as a whole, including that she was extremely careless etc etc. https://vault.fbi.gov/hillary-r.-clinton/hillary-r.-clinton-part-04-of-04/view >The fact that he won't say anything about Trump Any evidence that Trump even *is* or *has* been investigated by the FBI? Why *would* the FBI know anything? Do we even suspect that they do?
> we've never had a Presidential candidate under FBI investigation before That's definitely not true. There were some big ones (Nixon 1972 [Watergate] and Bush 1992 [Iran/Contra]), although we may never know how many were investigated that we never knew about because of the FBI and DOJ generally avoiding public comment.
And the exact opposite is happening with the trumpsters. They hated Comey a week ago but now he's their bff ffs. The only difference is that it was never Comey's job to decide whether to prosecute or not.. that's the DoJ's job.
Of course. Both sides want their person to win. Comey could have recommended prosecution though. The DOJ don't have to follow, but it would have liked bad. That said - you *do* know about Bill Clinton getting caught meeting Loretta Lynch, right?
Yup... I believe they are old friends. Also, what do you think he did? Threaten her if she pressed charges? If she was intent on doing so what consequences could he tell her about that she wouldn't already be aware of? Honestly, sounds like another sack of nothing just like this current 'investigation' is going to be. Edit: Also, I'm sure there were other people on that plane as well...
Pretty sure if Bill wanted to ask for a favor or whatever he could have picked a more discreet way than waltzing into the plane.
I'm pretty sure he can just call her. Phones exist.
Recommending prosecution would have made the FBI look bad.
Maybe two years into President Bidens administration. But it would have destroyed Clinton.
Even when he said he couldn't recommend prosecution he gave some unprecedented press conference to give his opinion about Clinton as a politician. Instead of just sticking to the facts of the case like you'd expect the FBI to do.
Yeah sorry about that, tried to change the order of the album but it wouldn't change here no matter what I did. I would believe so as he is a member of the Intelligence Committee.
So is Reid saying Comey is biased because he hasn't publicly reported classified information known to the Intelligence Committee? If that were the case, Reid himself could be guilty of revealing classified information by publicly discussing it.
The point raised eloquently in the NYTimes this morning is that Trump is under investigation for potential links, or the FBI is in worse shape that we thought. The question that makes the Hatch Act relevant is whether that investigation can take place under the public eye.
As much as I'd love to have something to go after Comey with, isn't the director of the FBI exempt from the Hatch Act according to [this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hatch_Act_of_1939#Provisions) since it's a position appointed by the executive branch and confirmed by the Senate? Or am I misreading something? Edit: Quoted section I'm referring to for people who are exempt: >ii) an employee appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, whose position is located within the United States, who determines policies to be pursued by the United States in the nationwide administration of Federal laws.
Dude Comey has been a secret Russian agent this whole time! We've been infiltrated! McCarthy was right!
The hatch act reads like Hillary's playbook.
TBF the third scenario seems most likely and the most reasonable to justify the letter. If thats all this is (which IS less fun) then Weiner really did dick the Democratic party over.
That section refers to policy makers, who are exempt from the Hatch Act. The head of the FBI is not a policy maker.
Are you sure about that? Nearly ever executive agency is responsible for establishing policies in the Federal Register.
The FBI *definitely* "determines policies to be pursued by the United States in the nationwide administration of Federal laws". That's like, their entire reason for existence.
They are an entire reason?
I totally get where you're coming from, but everyone in law enforcement (including Comey) is under the strictest rules under the Hatch Act. Also the Hatch Act only applies to the Executive Branch, just as a side note. The hierarchy works like this: President and VP - ONLY fully exempt people under the Hatch Act v v v Senior Staff (Secretaries of Departments, Assistants to the President, etc.) - Mostly exempt under the Hatch Act except in some cases like fundraising v v v Mid-level Staffers through Interns - Under strict Hatch Act rules, complete separation between "government" and "politics," but can still engage in some political activity outside of work. v v v Law Enforcement (Federal, this includes Secret Service and the Intelligence Agencies) - Cannot participate in any political activity whatsoever except for voting.
Secretary Castro (HUD) got in trouble for violating the Hatch Act.
VP Gore did too, at least politically. And he got in more trouble for saying there was "no controlling legal authority" because the VP is exempt.
Is the position "below the policy making level" though? As far as I know it is. The FBI enforces policies but doesn't make policies. The section you quote only applies to someone "who determines policies."
You got it. Comey is not exempt.
I guess the legal argument here would be if someone who can exercise discretion in enforcing policies can thereby determine policies. Like when a President refuses to enforce a law
That's an argument, but it's not a winning won. Comey is subject to the Hatch Act (not that I think they would try to prosecute him).
Huma regularly sent emails from HRCs email account. Perhaps she synced HRCs email server to that laptops Outlook app. That might mean they could have all 33k deleted emails.
God that would be fucking something.
Could also mean they have risotto recipes Just won't know til they say
Hillary is far too careless to make risotto. It requires careful attention to detail and competency.
Well, for the past few decades the GOP has directly spent over $100 million dollars investigating the Clintons. That doesn't even include the indirect costs like assigning FBI and State resources to investigate stuff. They turned over everything asked via subpoena, testified under oath they didn't have the stuff they couldn't turn over otherwise they would, and they never took the 5th so they answered every question asked. If she's that incompetent, you figure after $100,000,000 of lawyers with subpoena and countless hours of testimony under oath she'd be in jail by now, otherwise the GOP is incompetent and pissed away a lot of money for nothing. Logically she's competent enough to engage in a grand conspiracy and not get caught despite all that work to catch her, the GOP hired the worst lawyers and special prosecutors ever at a very expensive price tag, or she's clean and her shit stinks about as much as your average politician. Even if they find out she committed a felony, or her husband did, spending $100,000,000 to find out is pretty impressive. I have a feeling should Trump be investigated they could find him involved in felony activities by hiring Saul Goodman.
Yup. She's too incompetent to handle classified emails but can somehow execute a vast conspiracy involving the FBI, the media, and the DOJ while under strict public scrutiny. It's all a big conspiracy, and definitely has nothing to do with the fact that they spent all their time chasing conspiracies and keeping wedding cakes out of the hands of homosexuals instead of securing an electable candidate for the third time in a row.
> instead of securing an electable candidate for the third time in a row. That's really my biggest "thing" with this election - I mean how the fuck did the GOP mess this up? After Romney lost and with all the House and Senate races to examine they had ample data to show the kind of candidate the people wanted, yet fucking none of the 17 or whatever people in initial contention fit the bill. I mean wtf?
Well the GOP was respecting the will of the people. Honestly I don't think the GOP itself did anything wrong. What were they supposed to do, obstruct the process to force the outsider candidates out, like the Democrats? The cost of allowing outsider candidates is that you'll sometimes get candidates who are crazy.
I was certain after the last election that the Democrats wouldn't stand a chance this year. I was certain that republicans would regroup, rebrand, distance themselves from the crazies like Palin and Huckabee, and produce an unbeatable candidate. Instead they went hard in the complete opposite direction. Trump is an embarrassment. He has no idea what he's talking about and he represents none of values that Republican Party is founded upon. He has no idea what he's doing. It's a joke.
>the GOP has directly spent over $100 million dollars investigating the Clintons Uhhhh, citation fucking needed.
Yeah, it's closer to $250 million.
I heard it was actually $1 quadrillion.
It gets there pretty easily if you include Whitewater, which came in at around $80 million, but that was large in scope and resulted in a number of convictions (although no charges for the Clintons). Considering Benghazi was about $7M (and more like $30M of taxpayer money in total, but that's not what we're talking about here), I wouldn't be terribly surprised if the number hit $100M if Watergate is included. But I think that's a bit misleading.
Weren't like 15 people charged as a result of Whitewater, with Clinton pardoned for many of the same crimes? It was $60 million by the way, largely because of the President's obstructions.
[Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whitewater_controversy#Convictions), citing a WaPo article from the time, identifies 15 convicted but says that the Clintons were not charged. (If you meant to say that Clinton pardoned many of them, that was true.) [Here's CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/ALLPOLITICS/stories/1999/04/01/counsel.probe.costs/) saying that the cost ended up being $79.3 million.
Seems like $80 million is the combined figure for four different investigations? Crazy either way. I had no idea it was so high. It's infuriating that Clinton had the right to pardon them, but I meant that the president at the time was obstructing the process. I don't know much about it to be honest, I assume that was Clinton.
Im so stoked for Clinton's secret brownie recipe
Her cookie recipe is actually excellent.
I thought it was mainly yoga and shit about Chelsea?
I'm really interested in finally finding out what her favorite yoga position is!
Does HRC Cook? She has been rich for so long I'd be surprised if she bothers with such a proletarian activity
>I suppose I could have stayed home and baked cookies and had teas, but what I decided to do was to fulfill my profession which I entered before my husband was in public life. I'd say that's a no.
A no to cookies. I don't see anything about brownies.
There is yet hope!
Soylent Brownies: one part Vince Foster, one part Justice Scalia, three parts secret nuclear weapons sold to the Iranians.
Weed. Lots of weed.
Secret ingredient: Hot Sauce.
"Gotta delete those recipes from my server, I don't want anyone finding out about them!" -Hillary Clinton
Everyone knows the most secret formula, more secret than spongebob crabby patties, is Jeb Bush Guac recipe.
If 33k emails were deleted how do they know the email ever existed? This is a genuine question from a non-tech person.
If you "delete" something on your computer or server, it's not really deleted. You can only overwrite the data. You can overwrite it multiple times to make it harder to recover, but to really delete the data your best course of action is to literally destroy the hardware.
In comes bleachbit
Because the often touted 33k emails were deleted as part of a normal State Department request put in months before Clinton's emails were subpoenaed. It's weird how this number has become so wrapped in disinformation. http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/oct/09/donald-trump/donald-trump-says-hillary-clinton-deleted-33000-em/
> It's weird how this number has become so wrapped in disinformation. Let's be honest, it's not even slightly weird.
Did you even read your own link?
Did you? The instruction to remove any archives more than 60 days old was given in December 2014. The subpoena wasn't issued until 3 months later in March 2015. The fact that the company decided to wait around to wipe the archive doesn't change the fact that the instruction came well before any subpoena was issued.
>"the instruction was given". Yeah Hillary's buddy Cheryl Mills told the IT guy to wipe anything older than 60 days. #WHO THE FUCK IS CHERYL MILLS TO AUTHORIZE THE DESTRUCTION OF FEDERAL RECORDS? Jesus fucking Christ this thing was set up to avoid the FOIA, thats but even in dispute at this point. But Cheryl goddamned Mills told them to go ahead and wipe that shit to avoid FOIA and that's what you're using to get Clinton off the hook!? >"Oh well I told my buddy to dump those bodies out in the swamp before the cops even executed a search warrant on my place. Not guilty amirite!? Lolz."
Wow okay, lot's of anger here... Sure, or Mills told them to wipe because she works for a law firm and when dealing with a normal legal case where the client isn't about to run for President, deleting extraneous archives after handing over all relevant info would be pretty normal thing to do. Especially involving a case where the primary criticism is that a private server isn't secure enough for this info. Plus at this point, Clinton is already prepping for a Presidential bid. There's pretty damn good reason to not hand over (or allow potential leaks) of some personal emails to republcans in office (oppo research, campaign strategies, internal comments on early polling data, etc.). Bash Clinton all you want, but there's a reason polling has showed that majority undecided voters weren't swayed by this issue as much as other issues. Too much time investigating and too many repetitive news cycles hasn't brought up anything necessarily wrong beyond use of the server in the first place.
Wow ok so lots of spin here... The server was set up to avoid FOIA. It's discussed between Mills, Podesta et al. In there wikileaked emails. This isn't "normal", in fact it was described as "fucking insane" by one of Clinton's aides. So she was planning on running for president. So what? Is there a FOIA provision where the law doesn't apply if you have further political aspirations? The sum total of your spin here is that clinton had good reason to want to destroy the records, so therefore it's ok that she did What an embarrassment.
> The server was set up to avoid FOIA. It's discussed between Mills, Podesta et al. In there wikileaked emails. What do illegally obtained potentially manufactured emails have to do with anything? We have no idea if they're accurate. We know they came from Russia who we are engaged in an escalating proxy war with. We know they appear to impact the race in favor of someone who would be incapable of effectively countering Putin strategically. I'm simply not going to involve them in my decisional calculus nor should you. >The sum total of your spin here is that clinton had good reason to want to destroy the records, so therefore it's ok that she did That's not so much spin as a legitimate response. She had good reason to and there wasn't anything clearly illegal. We have a long history of having limited access to Secretary of State's communications and the only reason the Republicans keep chomping at the bit is because of the rumors flying around Washington about what really happened to Petraeus and their absolute rage about him being taken down by Obama and the Clintons people who've never worn the uniform. There's no evidence any "records" were destroyed there's evidence personal emails were destroyed. If records were destroyed, there's no evidence Clinton did it or had any knowledge of it being in defiance of a subpoena or other Federal Law. This is the stupidest most misogynistic fishing expedition I've ever seen.
Misogynistic, really? The OP's comments are critical of Clinton's actions, not her as a person or her gender. In fact, there was no mention of gender whatsoever in the post you replied to. It is possible to criticise Clinton without being misogynistic.
It's not "spin" just because you don't like the answer. FOIA applies to private email accounts, but doesn't apply to personal emails. Specifically, FOIA doesn't apply to things like oppo research, strategies, polling data which again, should never be sent to opposing party. She used a server she shouldn't have. Attack away at that. Or attack that you don't trust the lawyer and that there must be some secret damning email no one has found. But attacking the pattern of facts as somehow wrong and implying that what happened wasn't pretty standard makes attackers sound crazy. Also aides think it was insane because the optics are bad for the election. Obviously having the story constantly on cnn isn't the message they're going for. It was insane to make decision w/o considering how story might play out in media.
Being angry doesn't make you right. You've obviously never worked anywhere with an email protocol.
Personal emails are not federal records and bold all caps is not an argument.
First of all, bold all caps isn't the argument, the text is. Secondly, you dont even know what the hell you're taking about. http://mhtlaw.com/2016/08/16/public-employee-emails-subject-foia/ Cheryl fucking Mills doesn't get to decide what is or isn't public record.
That's assuming they were personal emails. We have to take Clinton's word for it. I wouldn't say she's a credible person, frankly. Why delete them though? If they were personal and you had nothing to hide, you could have just kept them separate from the others, instead of deleting them.
Standard procedure for literally every government employee. Determine yourself what's personal, delete the rest. Of course, as with most things, if Hillary does it, it's corrupt and evil and blah blah blah.
So if the cops show up to your door and have a warrant, they let you choose what they can rummage through in your house? What kind of perverted logic is that? These emails were requested by Congressional subpoena.
Kissinger already won this argument in front of the Supreme Court about his notes, which are obviously work product etc... There's really no indication they weren't allowed to delete those 33,000 emails, and more importantly, if Cheryl Mills did something illegal it has nothing to do with Hillary Clinton. If anything it just sounds like Clinton was being prudent. You'd need to find a body or have an actual body to start getting annoyed. Right now all you know is she had her friends go dump some bags in the swamp. You don't know whats in the bags, and arguably depending on whose property the bags are found, you don't even have the ability to get a warrant to look at what's in those bags. For example, now these bags are on Huma's property. Whats the evidence of criminality that reaches to probable cause? Potentially the 110 previously classified emails already found? But I would be curious as to how they even got the warrant. My guess is that Clinton's people instructed not to fight the warrant until after the election. The FBI can't do anything with them in 8 days, and immediately after the election they can challenge the warrant.
Because it was told numerous times by the clinton campaign.
Am I the only want lamenting that this election isn't about policies? It's just personal attacks and a dumbing down of the whole election process. I'm no fan of either of them but what's important to me is which candidate agrees with science (climate change and vaccines) (among other issues). I'm a lifelong dem that could have gone R this election if it wasn't for the ridiculous social stances and anti-science beliefs of the nominee. It's a sad time to be a moderate.
I think it's an election between whats worse; A playboy that doesn't shut up or a corrupt criminal who is probably a robot in a human skin suit.
Honestly Clinton doesn't believe in any of that stuff either. This election is between two conservatives who will probably just go along with what their teams tell them to do.
Why would you think Clinton is anti-science? On some issues, I think politicians fake being more liberal than they are, but when it comes to science I think Republicans fake being more anti-science than they are in order to appeal to their less-educated base. Politicians at that level are generally very well educated and move in very well educated circles; it seems unlikely that they'd genuinely hold such incredibly ignorant beliefs.
Clinton is anti (or pro) science only to the extent that her donors want her to be.
Judgment is pretty important to the American people and rightly so. This has the potential to show some really, really bad judgment (beyond the poor judgment that got her to where she is now). I agree that it's sad the R's are so strict on social and environmental policy. But so is a lot of the country.
Which Republican candidate for the nomination had social views and stances on science you agree with?
Maybe Kasich? He at least believes in climate change. [Here's an article with most Republican candidates stances](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/where-the-2016-republican-candidates-stand-on-climate-change/)
Jeb Bush would've been palatable to me, personally. He's my least disliked Bush.
> He's my least disliked Bush. Everyone feels this way. Also, please clap
So is this definitive proof that no one in the FBI knows what the Huma Abedin emails contain on the laptop?
There's a difference between what they know and what can be put in the official record. The nypd went throug it and thought it was worth sending to the fbi. Fbi went through metadata and thought it was worth looking into and related to Clinton case Judge thought it was worth looking into and gave a warrant Real hard for anyone not a partisan to just wave this away as nothing
They have no sense of Huma
The NYPD and AG know whats in them. They had the warrant and access to see these e-mails, hence why the FBI was told. Leaks and speculation coming from the NYPD is that it'll bring her down.
Yes. The problem is it is illegal for them to look. Otherwise they taint the case. You can't investigate a child smuggling ring and then be like, "oops I caught you committing treason" then arrest the person on charges unrelated to child smuggling.
There were about 650k e-mails found, and they want to look into more devices now which is what the warrant is for.
No, otherwise Comey wouldn't claim that the emails are pertinent to the case.
Did someone give the impression they did know? I don't think this was a conclusion to be teased out of the release. They plainly said they haven't reviewed the emails yet.
yep, the leakers were lying. My guess is it is just an outlook cache(which is why she didn't know about it)
"just an outlook chace". This cache could in theory contain the 33k deleted emails. So, while I agree with you that it's probably an outlook cache, it has the posibility to be a whole lot more than "just". :^)
Wow you really don't know how email works do you?
Care to elaborate on why you seem to think I dont know how email work?
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
To be fair he said that as a rich and famous man you *can* grab them by the pussy. Didn't say that he did.
No he just "moved on her like a bitch". Dude, get off it.
Well that certainly makes it more presidential - thanks!
We know, per the WSJ, that they are her emails.
[deleted]
http://www.wsj.com/articles/laptop-may-include-thousands-of-emails-linked-to-hillary-clintons-private-server-1477854957/
[deleted]
It says thousands of the emails were sent to or received from the Clinton server.
[deleted]
oh, i have seen this talking point a couple hundred times, tonight
Would only be emails that Huma was CC'd on or the recipient of, so likely nothing criminal (classified) but could be juicy
I'm hoping for a good meatballs recipe this time.
Keep in mind that the relevant emails are from four to eight years ago. I doubt she saved *all* her emails on a laptop she didn't even use often.
The thing is you dont need to save the emails yourself. They get cached in your computer automatically. So IF it is an outlook cache that doesnt mean she saved them herself, just that outlook backed them up on her computer for offline-mode use etc automatically.
Except this is Huma property, not Hillary's property
But if it has hillary's emails it's now federal property. Any device that contains classified material is automatically the property of the feds so I don't see that protecting her, especially when they already grabbed the laptop to investigate why her husband was messaging underage girls.
But we know from the Podesta-emails that Huma had access to atleast 1 of Hillarys email accounts. So it's not impossible there's outlook caches from several emailaccounts. Several cached inboxes would also explain the insane amount of emails. Sure, not impossible to be from 2 inboxes (Huma+Wiener) but it's more probable (imo) that they are from several different ones. Here is link to email where Huma says its her on Hillarys emailaccount: https://wikileaks.org/clinton-emails/emailid/29372
If you ever see those emails you are going to be so disappointed.
Then why did they hide it and delete them?
Because they were personal.
And every president before has played by the rules, and had their personal emails removed from official servers. It's INCREDIBLY bizarre she used her own server.
Well, no. That isn't the case. Bush's were all kept on the RNC server, for example.
All 30k were personal? Really?
I have more than 10k such emails.
He's all over this thread with this bullshit, ignore and move on.
Contents of the emails are not relevant to this discussion though. You have your view on that and I have mine. I was just stating that in theory the computer could contain those emails.
I hope you have the same zeal in absolving Hillary of the Benghazi situation, seeing as how she was cleared.
Absolving her of what?
This is known as the classic deflect
[Yes, the logic is impeccable](https://youtu.be/3MTMEIUwPcA)
Outlook doesn't "cache" an entire server. It's only data with a to/from/cc related to the owner of the PST/OST. Unless the 33k deleted emails all included Huma it won't have the 33k deleted emails.
Outlook can optionally cache attached mailboxes.
But, again, we know that Huma had access to atleast 1 of Hillarys emailaccounts. If she used outlook to access one of those, those emails would be there. Right? And you can restore more than to/from/cc info, you can restore entire mailboxes from metadata.
Those are a lot of presumptions. Without the facts, it's all just a big mystery. She may of had access to Hillarys emails but only did so with webmail. She may of only access certain emails on certain devices. From my understanding is these emails are from her husbands laptop, which I doubt she had outlook setup on with Hillarys email accounts.
It's a fact that Huma logged into Hillary's email account. If she did that even once from her laptop, the entire mailbox would be cached in an OST. Those are facts.
That's actually called speculation.
Well we won't have to speculate much longer.
> If she did that even once from her laptop, the entire mailbox would be cached in an OST. It'd only be cached if they used Outlook, not webmail. It would also only be cached if the account was configured to use cached mode (usually the default, but not guaranteed). It would also only cache the entire mailbox if the account was configured to keep *all* emails offline (not the default). > Those are facts. Claiming an entire shared mailbox would be cached in the Outlook data file is an assumption, not a fact. Actual caching behaviour depends on configuration.
Of course. I'm not trying to pass this as hard facts. I never said that this is what happend. What I'm trying to say is that is has the possibility to be alot more than "just" an outlook cache. Just as it has the possibility to be 650.000 dick pics and nothing making Hillary look bad at all.
Keep in mind that what the FBI knows officially and what their agents may have found informally may be two very different things. Agents are humans, if they come across something incriminating about Clinton whiles reviewing emails for relevance to Weiner,they're gonna know things that they may have to officially ignore temporarily. Everybody knows what kind of evidence the Hillary investigators were looking for. Informal knowledge of what's on that laptop may also have played into Comey's decision to send that letter to Congress. Just because Comey has not officially reviewed the emails,doesn't mean he does not have some unofficial knowledge of them.
My thoughts exactly. "Boss, we found some Clinton emails on the laptop." "Find me something I can use against her, or just keep a lid on it." A month passes. "We've found some nasty shit here boss. (Comey)" "Ok, now we go to congress with the discovery. I'll go get a warrant." ..... DOJ says NO! "Ok. I go public. Public! We have emails of Clintons!" DOJ grants warrant. Shows how shocked FBI directors behaviour is. Hatchet act Etc. ... TBC.
My whole family is LEOs. The union pipelines are exploding with leaks and rumors. NYPD is full of people who know the details, and the only thing that's stopped a rogue officer from blowing the story is that it would be an instant career killer. Two things remain constant in these leaks/rumors. 1) What they found is very, very, very, bad. 2) It will all come out within a couple days.
This is the correct answer.
You play a very dangerous game if you do though. Given the very high profile nature, I would suspect that they did not look at the contents only the metadata. If they looked at the contents without a warrant they could jeopardize their whole case. With the stakes this high, I would hope they wouldn't do that.
You don't play a very dangerous game like that without having an ace up your sleeve, I really doubt any FBI director ever would be that dumb.
It's a dangerous game regardless, where talking about the Clinton's here, this guy is hella brave.
I would assume a judge would never approve of the warrant otherwise. And that is why the Comey thing is damaging, it calls into question a ton of shit that the FBI now is doing. So the "did they look at the emails before getting a warrant" is totally on the table.
Not to mention agents looking at the contents of the email, then getting a warrant, is probably prejudicial. Edit: A lot of LEOs play fast and loose with these technicalities, but the Feds absolutely cannot fuck this up because it's such a high profile case. It will be a career ender if anyone got caught.
I agree, but they were already looking at the contents as part of their review of the Weiner case, weren't they?
No, what we have been told is it was only the metadata. Since there were strict fences around the what could be seen, whatndata usage and what could be viewed, the actual investigation was likely done with utmost care. I kind of laugh when others say, we'll of course Comey knows what's in the emails. If ANYONE in the DOJ looked at those email contents prior to receiving the search warrant that is immediate grounds to suppress evidence. I gotta believe the FBI is smarter than that.
>No, what we have been told is it was only the metadata. Hah, it'll be on the top of the email in question. They'd have to cover the email with their hands.
I may not have been specific enough in my question: did the investigators on the Weiner case have the authority to review the content of emails found on the laptop?
From what I have read YMMV, the investigators of Weiner's laptop had search rights to his personal files and no others. This next part is my own conjecture. In the process of investigating emails, you will do a summary scan looking for particular dates, times, addresses, keywords, etc. Based on the criteria you provide the total list of emails will come out and those that meet the criteria will be highlighted. You can then extract only those emails that meet the criteria of the warrant, which keeps you from going outside of the warrant. These emails are moved to another system in order to be viewed. Likely, that full list of emails indicated that some were from Huma and Clinton. At that point, the investigators stopped and awaited further instructions as reading those emails would be outside the warrant and thus jeopardize any further investigation.
That makes sense, thanks.
Even just at the metadata level they would have a pretty good idea they have emails that don't match the 'official only copy' set, who they ate to and from and when. Attachment descriptions, etc.
This is true. Depends on how much work they did prior to the warrant. They could have filtered down by the Clinton domain addresses, subject line, etc. and used those for comparison. They could have found additional emails beyond the ones cataloged but would have no idea of their contents.
You are assuming they are looking at only the outlook metadata from a outlook perspective. Assuming they were looking for inappropriate images with a FILE metadata search they could have quite literally had the search tool tell them an attachment was grounds to reopen. If there is one thing government desk jockey employees love more than their pensions it is office templates. who authored it, what classification and intended audience, who edited, reviewed, approved, etc could all be in there. The original investigation was looking for images of underage girls. You do that kind of work with forensic drive search tools with the assumption it will be concealed in other documents/files/images/'free' disk space. Every office file, pdf, pst, ost, zip, rar, gzip, msi, image or anything on disk or recoverable that looks kind of like one gets flagged and parsed or at least it tries to. If they did find an outlook account all the email and all the attached or embedded content will get scanned as well. If there was anything where a known foreign concern was sent an attachment from an official restricted source they would possibly have grounds to proceed from the metadata alone.
so what exactly is metadeta?
the word itself just means "data about the data" almost all the metadata is optional in most of these formats, but generally: in a photo, it can tell you the device that took the photo, where the photo was taken, when, under what conditions, what software edited it, etc. in outlook it can tell you the stuff you see in the email header like to:from:cc:subject: but also the servers used, accurate timestamps of when the servers passed the message, where on the internet the person was when they sent and received it unique hash for the message and/or attachments, exactly how it was forwarded, if a user was sending email on behalf of another user, what computer or client they were using to send, etc. in office documents the sky is the limit as you can add additional metadata processes and fields through template, but common fields include the author, the author's system info, editors/reviewers and their system info, previous versions of the document, or sections of the document, source information on any embedded resource like an image, what sharepoint instances it was connected to if you ever used versioning or group editing, fields for security / audience, approvals and other workflow. If they used one-note or god forbid lync/skype full phone/chat logs for the devices on the account could be in the calendar or journal or notes if they ever enabled those features. I am not saying they did or did not use any of those things, but if they did use these at State or in one of the many Clinton organizations the likelihood that they managed to totally cover their tracks on a machine they likely accidentally synced to the server this way after the pure ineptitude of the first cover up is very very low. If this https://youtu.be/FiBZYccLM2g?t=2m27s is accurate and the emails were filed away under a "Life Insurance" subdirectory then I would assume whomever put them there kept as much metadata and synced everything as accurately as they could.
No. They can look at metadata without a warrant.
Which they did weeks ago and only asked for a warrant now. If Comey didn't hold it for an October Surprise, someone down the chain did. In any case, someone's going to be getting a transfer to the FBI field office in Barrow, Alaska.
What kind of metadata does an ost file have?
They had wieners permission
He is not allowed to give consent on behalf of Huma (if it is her email accounts)
The file is probably a PST file on his computer
Do you think they've read the content unofficially and this is just the official request to make it legal?
Probably or they wouldn't be pushing like this, if it was nothing we probably wouldn't have even heard about it
What would that tell whoever was looking at it?
The sender, recipient, and other irrelevant data. Nothing about the content itself.
Irrelevant? The mediadata showed it was from the private email server so it is definitely related to that case per the WSJ.
Irrelevant to the content of the material, not to the investigation
They looked at the metadata and was able to see that Weiners computer sent emails to Clintons private email server. Metadata tells you fucking everything.
>Metadata tells you fucking everything. Except any content of the email. Just the date, senders and receivers
Who sent and received the email, and when. Which means they'd presumably be able to tell if they had emails that they didn't already have.
But it would be impossible for Trump to know if it was "bigger than Watergate", as he claims. The poor bastard can't even hold himself back from overplaying the great hand he has been given.
Watergate was 18 minutes of tape deleted, objectively 33k emails is 'bigger than Watergate'. It remains to be see whether the impact will be bigger than the Watergate fiasco.
You know Watergate wasn't about the tapes right? The tapes were evidence, but big thing Nixon got in trouble for breaking into the other campaign, at the hotel which bears the scandal's name, Watergate. What do you think is in those emails that is as big as spying on the opposing party?
This was bigger than watergate before this new leak.
which could just be the emails that they already have between Clinton and Huma. This is likely an outlook cache(which explains why she did not know about it, if you aren't tech savy, why should you know that outlook downloads a cache to the hard drive)
It contains more than 650k emails.
anonymous FBI sources say in a piece that just seemed to be DOJ and FBI anonymous sources taking potshots at each other
Could be, we don't know. However, it's hard to see a bunch of FBI agents ruining their careers on a wild goose chase. I think they've got a solid reason to believe this is the real deal. Whether that's because of metadata or the rumor of Weiner's "Life Insurance" folder being true is impossible to say at this point.
Unless it really got out of Comey control and his underlings are playing politics which he then had to CYA. I am betting this blows up on Comey and the GOP...
I mean, it's possible a bunch of FBI agents decided to pour gasoline over their careers and then lit a match, I just don't see it as the most likely explination. We'll see in time.
Anything is possible...
Yes, but some things are more likely than others.
It doesn't have to be a bunch... it was literally most like something like this. "Hey boss, we got into this computer and there's and ost file on here from huma with stuff to and from clinton, we should probably get a warrant just to check it." Comey: "Holy fucking fuck, let me get ahold.of congress and fuck her up"
At the point where they've got that, though, they'll also be able to tell if there are any unaccounted for emails in the cache. If there are, that's a big problem for Huma at a minimum and Clinton as well depending on their contents.
It's not that crazy if you think it'll help get their nominee into the oval office, in which case Trump would then be the extinguisher that puts out said fire they lit on themselves.
it is likely what is called an OST file. Huma likely did not know about this was a thing in outlook, which is why she did not hand over the device(she did not think the device had them) https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Introduction-to-Outlook-Data-Files-pst-and-ost-6d4197ec-1304-4b81-a17d-66d4eef30b78
That doesn't preclude their being emails that weren't handed over to the FBI being in this cache. I don't know why you keep pretending it does.
Because Huma handed over everything.
Then there's nothing to worry about.
i believe you, redditor for 15days
Which is exactly the issue. They were supposed to turn over all the e-mails for the original investigation. If they find one single e-mail on there that wasn't turned over it becomes a perjury / destruction of evidence situation regardless of the content of said e-mail.
The reason this is legal is that it's like looking at to/from on the outside of an envelope which is in the clear. The fact that in 2016 politicians ARE NOT encrypting their email is fucking insane. They're absolute morons for not doing this. Encrypt your fucking email people. Act like professionals.
Yea...I'm going to have to disagree, you do not need to encrypt all your work email. Sure, when it's an email that contains sensitive information, then encrypt away.
Encrypting only sensitive information is itself a signal. It tells interceptors what they need to focus on.
B-b-but, encryption is bad, terrorism, etc!
Even with HTTPS, you still have an unencrypted domain name in the DNS request. Encrypt the contents of an email all you want, you just can't feasibly encrypt the address. Think about it, if the encryption is something that's a shared secret or a public/private key pair between the sender and the recipient then if the email server can actually send it to the recipient it must decrypt the to address, which means it can decrypt the entire message. This means you'd necessarily introduce the intermediate server as a point of weakness, and more than one server is typically involved. It's far better to have unencrypted metadata and encrypted data. The only way around that is essentially equivalent - using two encryption methods: one for metadata and one for data. However to extract the 'to address' yet again the intermediate servers must either know the shared secret for the metadata or have the private keys for the metadata. At that point it's no longer secure so there's no functional difference separately encrypting metadata vs data and leaving metadata unencrypted.
legal state department emails have PKI encryption, what doesn't encrypt is public emails holding classified info :P
This wouldn't be an issue if she didn't have a private server. You act like she fucked up because the FBI has access to emails that should've been accessible anyway. I mean, I guess if you plan to violate FOIA requests and plan to hide your emails then yes without a doubt encrypt your OST backups.
They've demonstrated a clear lack of understanding of even basic computer security and self protection. Support appears to be woefully inadequate on every level, like I know it's irrational to be like 'hey NSA, could you sit in on our IT interviews?' but they need to get somebody in place that can vet IT support crew so at least some basic things are getting done right. And email encryption is honestly not that basic.
It's much worse. Podesta repeatedly emailed his passwords in plaintext to people. Passwords like "p@ssword". really. This included the password to his apple cloud account. He didn't even change his password until five days AFTER the email leaks from his account started and random teenagers on 4chan started downloading all his emails (again) as well as ordering things with his apple pay account. In addition, the sysadmin/helpdesk people on the team were even worse. I've seen a (verified) email from the helpdesk where Podesta emailed them saying, effectively, "this email looks fishy. It tells me to reset me Google password by following the link" and the helpdesk people reply that it's a legitimate Google email. The link was a fucking bit.ly link! My grandmother is 82 and knows not to click on random links to change her password.
These people are Grade A Morons. Podesta's password was leaked in plaintext all over the world, and he didn't even change it. Worse, he used the same password for *everything*. If the emails had been encrypted, I think it's safe to say he would have used the same password in that encryption program too.
If she was using her state department email like she should have been it uses PKI and can encrypt all day.
Just dawned on me what Hillary meant when she originally said she did it all for convenience. Not for the convenience of carrying only one device, but for the convenience of having Huma front-end all her email communications work for her.
Yeah mine only encrypts a few hours a day but it's still worth it
\>if she was using her proper email Well duh, but she is too good for that
Wasn't the state department system effectively unusable for the better part of a year when she entered the position?
> If she was using her state department email like she should have been If she was using her state department email like she should have been this whole thing would not have been an issue for her at all. I swear, Hillary Clinton has a predisposition to self-inflict wounds. This whole thing would have blown over had she just used her government email, or even if her private email was provided by a company. And if she had just come clean with everything before this all blew up, it would have been so much better.
But then how would she have hidden her systematic corruption and questionable decision making?
On the flip side, it's possible that she was using her own email server to get around other legal restrictions. It's entirely possible that this drama over the email server is something she considers the lesser of two evils compared to whatever else she didn't want recorded in the official servers. It's a bit of tinfoil hat, but I wouldn't put it past her at this point. It's just not something we can know one way or another.
I don't know what encryption scheme you have in mind but PGP/GPG (probably the most popular email encryption mechanism) leave to: and from: headers in the clear. Otherwise, they couldn't be handled by MTAs. Here, it would make more sense to encrypt the drive of the device you're using, especially if there was classified info involved.
Aka leave it to the experts and don't use personal machines, which, you know, is the rule to begin with.
Right, and for all we know, the drive was encrypted and Weiner cooperated.
That actually seems entirely likely. With the amount of heat he's facing he's better off cooperating any way possible
Yeah his career is dead. His wife left him. He's been publicly shamed repeatedly. He's being investigated by svu for sexual contact with a minor. Now he's being dragged into a federal investigation against the odds on fave for the next President and is likely to be on the front page of the national news for months (if Clinton wins). I think the guy is a piece of shit but wow I hope someone is checking on him.
I think I get your drift. Weiner and Huma should be on suicide watch. When I think of them as individuals, it hurts to think how stressful this must be for them. I have done terrible things, and been waiting for the hammer to drop, all while knowing I had no one to blame but myself. It doesn't feel good.
Just in case anyone needs evidence that the Clinton's don't just kill people who are a political liability to them, there's the fact that Anthony Wiener is still breathing.
Honestly, I think one of the most damning things is that apparently [Weiner kept all of these email backups in a folder called "Life Insurance".](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FiBZYccLM2g#t=02m30s) You can't make this shit up...
The DNC screwed the Democratic voters long ago by driving the primaries against Bernie. Fuck the DNC. Fuck the GOP. Vote third part.y.
A third party won't win in this election. You're basically saying be ok with a Trump presidency because you're pissed. That's a super myopic and selfish way to look at the election. People's lives will be affected much worse if Trump wins than Clinton, you know that.
Not everyone feels that way bud. Judging from the replies in this thread alone, trust in HRC has fallen through the floor. If it comes out that there were more emails and she knew about them then it would basically mean electing a criminal to run the country. I'm not saying you're inherently wrong for having your views, as nothing has been proven yet, but respect other people's as well.
A single negative Clinton story in an /r/politics thread doesn't mean she's losing. Don't be silly. But only Trump or Clinton will win. You know Clinton is better than TrumpTrump, who is a mean-spirited know-nothing WHO ENDORSES TORTURE, is a conspiracy theorist, doesn't believe in climate change, financial regulation, environmental regulation, wants to use nukes, oh yeah AND ENDORSES TORTURE. He's not just bad because he's a Republican and I'm a liberal. I wouldn't have feared for my country under Romney or McCain. I wouldn't have voted for them, but they weren't idiotic monsters. Trump is. You can't just sit out this election throwing your vote away third party and then expect the rest of the country to save you from Trump. That's childish. Or, if you're someone who thinks Trump and Clinton are equally bad, well, then you're probably a moron.
Calling names isn't going to sway anyone's opinion. And I'm not talking about the negative story. I was referring to the comments in this thread regarding a.) fear of what could come from this for Hillary, or b.) a showing of complete lack of trust for her. Now, you view Trump in all of those negative lights, which is your right. A Trump supporter (myself) views Clinton as lying, corrupt, a killer, and a career politician willing to sell policies to the highest bidder that comes calling. We are each set in our views, and have our own reasons for voting the way we will. Do we really need to call each other names because of that? An election is not a cause for hate. It is a decision to be made by the people of this country, but hating someone so vehemently as to call them derogatory names because of their choice of candidate is not what elections are about.
"A killer." Ah, so like Trump you're a conspiracy theorist. His campaign really has been an assault on rational thought. Yes, when your contribution to politics is now at a point where you support someone who peddles conspiracy theories despite committing sexual assault and endorsing torture over the average politician who isn't all that radical, then yes, you might need to start deserving to be called names. I'm not personally calling you a name, but if at this point you aren't so troubled by Trump's proposals and behavior that you still support him, you are lacking either in moral judgment or rational thought.
What does it reveal about her that the only thing you refute is "killer." Oh, and that is in reference to Benghazi. No conspiracy there.
Well she is a career politician and a life of public service is better than zero experience and knowing nothing. I disagree with all of your implication. So being Secretary of State when an embassy is attacking makes her a killer? Uh, I blame the people who killed our ambassador but nice job politicizing a tragedy Clinton isn't personally responsible. This election has made some people's default to behave so grossly. Again, Trump endorses torture, sexually assaults women, and knows nothing for the job for which he wants. You are part of a group of people history will judge as the time that American stupidity nearly took democracy off the rails.
Lol!!! Get a grip.
Sounds like he had a plan to get them back or protect himself. Lets see what is in his life insurance file...
Sounds like the type of behavior of someone who is a sex addict. "I'll just hide my porn stash in a file labeled *'Tax info, no need to check... seriously, don't look.'* Weiner, you are a **genius**!" Also, that's something that's been made up.
> Weiner kept all of these email backups in a folder called "Life Insurance". You can't make this shit up... Well yes, actually, you can.
"He has done something remarkable and we should thank him for it he has finally brought democrats and republicans together because all of them want him to resign" lol
Do they have a source on that?
No source, just trust me.
No. no they don't.
As usual in this election, he is the source! Cool, huh?
NBC reporter said this on air.
Reporter or anchor? There's a big difference. I know at least one faux news anchor has repeated this talking point, but I have yet to see one reputable reporter say it anywhere.
Can't find it. Link if you find it.
> You can't make this shit up... Except that's made up. There are no sources supporting that at all, haha.
Comey, doesn't recommend charges, he's an honest man the system works! Comey reopens the investigation, he's a political hack! Fuck this election.
Finally a statement in here I fully agree with! People and their double standards make me smh.
>Comey, doesn't recommend charges Based on months of thorough investigation and evidence compilation... >Comey reopens the investigation Based on... something something anthony weiner dick pic..? It's official, anyone who doesn't understand why this is a bullshit politicization of the FBI is dumb as hell. Maybe Trump is right, maybe democracy really does suck!
Let's be honest, democracy does suck, as it's operated now. It's totally dependent on people being politically educated, but doesn't force them to be. That's like a starving man sitting on a bench with his mouth open hoping food falls from the sky. Even when it works, it's only because someone had to eat metaphorical bird shit.
Comey doesn't recommend charges and in an unprecedented move holds a press conference to act as an unofficial adjudicator of character. That's something the FBI isn't supposed to do as its an investigative body without agenda. He's a political hack. He vaguely insinuates something without even officially analyzing any emails, he's a political hack.
There's a pretty significant difference of circumstances. Moreover, he didn't reopen anything. Whether or not the FBI continues to investigate is really not the issue. The issue most people have is that he sent an inflammatory letter, 11 days before the election, on no information whatsoever. That's the problem.
No information? What do *you* believe those 650,000 emails are? You really think Weiner sent his weiner 650,000 times? lmao I have a theory, now here me out this is a stretch... I have a theory that the fbi read some of the emails before getting rhe warrant.
You can have whatever theory you want. It directly contradicts Comey's two letters and the reported news, so I put little foundation in it. But you're free to have it. Comey himself stated, twice, they hadn't seen the emails.
My theory is that Weiner sent his weiner 650,000 times, and I'm standing by it god damnit
He had to. If it came out that he got the warrant and didn't tell congress, he would have been in violation since he promised to keep them informed of any developments. He could have sat on them for a few weeks- but same problem in the end. His letter is vague because he doesn't know anything, and Chavetz made it out to be a bigger deal than it is (the same guy who revealed the CIA presence in Benghazi in a public hearing- such a douche). I think Comey stepped over the line in his press statement on the initial findings. He should have let the report speak for itself, and answered the questions of congress- but he had no business making a statement beyond wether or not he would recommend charges.
How do you know he has "no information"? He probably has the more information than 99.999% of people on the damned planet.
I'm taking him at his own statements.
> Moreover, he didn't reopen anything. Well, "he" didn't do it, but the investigation was indeed re-opened. Also, I don't know what in the letter you see as "inflammatory." It's actually probably the least inflammatory thing ever. He's just saying "hey, we got some new info so we're re-opening the investigation . . . could be nothing . . . could be something . . . just keeping you in the know."
The fact that it is major news on every channel even though there is no new information is exactly why it is inflammatory.
By that logic, Comey telling Congress that no respectable prosecutor would indict Hillary was also inflammatory.
Are you talking about his testimony when he was under active questioning?
>Moreover, he didn't reopen anything. She's been under *constant* FBI investigation then? It's not that much better really.
It's not about what's better. It's about trying to be factually accurate. Comey said the material needed to be assessed. Presumably the decision whether to reopen investigation into possible charges would come later.
Maybe he was worried the DOJ wouldn't issue a warrant at all without him sending this letter.
> Maybe he was worried the DOJ wouldn't issue a warrant at all without him sending this letter. I'm seriously going to cry. The DOJ does not "issue warrants." The DOJ is composed of attorneys. There are no judges in the DOJ.
I wondered this, but was too lazy to google. If it's true, which I have no reason to doubt, I could have conveyed my premise more accurately by stating, "wouldn't allow a warrant to be issued." Inb4 they don't approve or disapprove warrants
...I'm not sure what you're talking about. The DOJ does not "allow" warrants. Judges issue warrants. The DOJ cannot disallow a warrant.
You're certainly entitled to naivety. I subscribe to a more realistic view of human nature. But in case you really don't understand the details of my position, I will briefly attempt to explain. The DOJ, being the most powerful department dealing with judges, probably can influence their decisions. If this is so, then Comey may not have been able to obtain his warrant...if the DOJ handed out favors to or threatened the judge with the power to grant the warrant. Now, you might say, "Well that depends on a lot of assumptions." It depends on two. 1. They can influence judges 2. They wouldn't want Comey to get the warrant Number one is purely opinion. I happen to believe they can. This is based on my experiences in life, but not on any real evidence. Number two is virtually fact. They tried to make him stay silent last week and the Attorney General, Loretta Lynch, is friends with the Clintons. Additionally, she met with Bill prior to Comey's first announcement (all but proving collusion). Edit: figured you'd piece all of this together from the Inb4, but apparently not.
I would argue that even if he had that concern it was improper. The letter is directly influencing the election. Comey has stated himself they have no idea what is in the emails. If we was worried about the warrant all he had to do was wait 11 days. It's not as though this will be resolved in the next 11 days. So all his letter did was incite accusation and gossip against the leading presidential candidate 11 days from voting.
I think he could have made it clearer what he did and did not know, but I don't think he'd have a more cooperative DOJ in 11 days.
So the question is, why send the letter? If it is just some Hail Mary political game worth risking his career over, why not just recommend indictment originally? Seems like that would have a much greater impact in public opinion than a letter saying "hey, we found some new stuff so we're going to keep looking".
I don't think this is what actually happened, but let's entertain the thought. Comey wants the Republicans to win. The 3 major players at the time were Trump, who was most likely going to be the Republican nominee, Hillary, and Bernie, the two contenders for the Democratic nominee. Comey has stuff on Hillary, or at least, has enough to move for an indictment, or at least sway public opinion of Hillary. He has nothing on Bernie, though. So if Bernie wins the nomination, he can't do anything else to help Trump beat Bernie. At that point, it really is just up to public opinion. So he doesn't move for the indictment so Hillary wins the nomination. Now, it's two weeks before the election. The investigation was never formally closed. A cryptic letter is sent from his office about some emails possibly related to Hillary. He resumes the investigation. This has a possibility of swaying public opinion away from Hillary, thereby, giving a better chance to the Republicans. If Bernie had won the nomination, he would never had had that chance. While this is entirely possible, I really don't think it was the end game, but that's why he wouldn't want to move for an indictment earlier.
I'm not Comey, so I'm really not sure what he was thinking. Whatever it was, I bet he regrets it now. My best guess would be that Comey was *intending* to cover his butt in a highly partisan election. I don't really get the vibe that Comey is particularly partisan himself. Or rather, that he's able to separate personal opinions from his job pretty well. I think he doesn't like Clinton - if he thought he could land an indictment I absolutely think he would have. But I don't think he was partisan enough to simply smear the election by trying when he knew it wouldn't stick. Faced with potentially new emails, I think Comey probably figured he could update republicans about the *possible* scandal and get a dig at Clinton by doing it, also preventing any allegation that he hid things. We all know Clinton is likely to win, and I think Comey did not want to be accused of 'rigging' or helping to rig, anything. I highly, highly doubt Comey thought it would escalate to this point. My guess is that Comey himself doubts there is much in there of interest either.
This is more or less my impression as well.
That's entirely reasonable. Assuming the above, it just seems like such a sloppy move for a guy who's otherwise handled an extremely difficult situation pretty well. Time will ultimately tell, but either way this whole thing seems like Comey's own personal Kobiashi Maru.
Agreed. I don't think it matters if this pans out on Clinton or not. I'm guessing Comey is not far from a resignation.
Surprise, the internet isn't 1 person!
[Look at these WaPo headlines from before and after. I think it sums it up nicely.](https://i.sli.mg/LvHG6W.jpg)
Opinions by different authors. Oh what a conspiracy.
Yep.
Examining the emails is doing his job. Writing a purposefully vague letter to congress BEFORE examining the emails isn't. Its not the the fact he is investigating the emails that is the issue, its the fact he told congress when he knew 100% that they wouldn't actually know if the emails were relevant before polling day. Its hard not to see that it is extremely questionable.
I think it was pretty clear that there was no way he could have brought charges. But he has politicized this as much as possible, which is why most Clinton supporters never really praised him the way you're saying. You think any of us were talking about how level headed he was when he took 12 minutes of a 15 minute press announcement to talk about all the things she did wrong? No. Maybe we commend him for doing his job and not making up evidence to indict her, but that's a low bar. But other than "no charges" he hasn't done anything particularly legs headed or non partisan in this case. I can't think of another case where the head of the FBI announced the findings in front of the media. He's been a political hack from the start, but until now, not enough to unfairly affect the election.
Comey, doesn't recommend charges, he's an idiot and Clinton gets away with everything! Comey reopens the investigation, he's an honest man and deserves praise! Fuck this election.
Which conservative sub do you frequent where that is true? Definitely doesn't sound like this one.
Oh, it was a meme I saw on Facebook. That's where I get all the information I need to make an educated guess with my vote for this election.
Comey, doesn't recommend charges, he's an idiot and Clinton gets away with everything! Comey reopens the investigation (not really), he's a political hack! Love this election.
this guy gets it
Maybe he's just an honest man, and it's the rest of us that are the miserable fucks making everything terrible?
Maybe he has a meth addiction and snorts an obscene amount of stuff, and he cancelled the indictment solely based on the fact that increased public attention on him was allowing IA to get closer to his secret, but now that he realises he'll be found out anyway he's going rogue and taking down as many people as he can!
welcome to reddit lol
I mean, neither of you are wrong.
I think it all can be boiled down to the last three words of our comments.
This election will go down in history, I think we can all agree on that.
Can't we all just agree to hate Comey? It's working for Weiner. His mom has even come out saying she hates Anthony.
I don't think T_D is saying Comey redeemed himself. They still hate him.
To be fair, they hate anyone that's not actively sucking Dump's dick.
> Dump But that's fucking mature, I like how both sides complain about each other and both behave like little kids. Actually, wait, this is worse since this is an "unbiased" political sub and T_D is an official Trump dicksucking sub, ofc they're opposed to anyone who doesn't bow down to the "god emperor".
It's more like T_D thinks Comey acted in his own self preservation. The idea is that Clinton would punish anyone who goes against her (with murder, blackmail, idk).
And a lot of Clinton people thought Comey's non-recommendation of charges sure contained a lot of his own opinion on Clinton's conduct that is pretty unprecedented when not recommending charges for a case. They hated him back then.
Scott Adams, posited this theory yesterday: Comey injected his "opinion" as you say, i.e. findings of the case, indicating the FBI thought she acted criminally, but declined to indict so that the voters would know what they found and would be fully informed to decide her fate themselves. Whereas this week, he was signaling to voters that the investigation resumed, again letting voters know where the FBI stood. Both time informing voters, both time looking bad himself. Surely he's not doing this for his own sake. That's Adams new theory. You can dismiss him because he thinks Trump is going to win, but I think it's a reasonable theory.
Trump him-fucking-self said the FBI redeemed itself by opening this case back up.
Trump doesn't know anything more about this than we do. Who knows who the fbi is with
He did that as a political stunt to restore faith in the FBI by the voter. Without faith the impact is minimal. You don't know how Trump feels about Commey or the FBI on that statement, imo of watching Trump.
Clearly you haven't seen people eat up his lies. Don't bother with facts.
Well only one of the scenarios actually makes sense. Hint: it's not the one where a criminal act goes literally unpunished.
I thought he said they have a chance to redeem themselves, not that they actually have at this point. Not completely sure, just going off brief snippets I heard over the radio.
Ok. That so far is not reflected in how T_D still views Comedy, who is not "The FBI".
Fuck Comey, and he's just as much of a shill as Hillary.
Yep, now the theory is the NYPD saw something bad while reviewing the emails and forced Comey's hand. He not hated as much, but he's not the angel he was back in May.
Yep, majority of us in T_D still think Comey should get thrown in prison with the rest of them. #DrainTheSwamp
She's already sinking meaning we can focus on the rest of the swamp life in 2017 http://m.imgur.com/u86YLMm
remember this is the Harry Reid who lied on the senate floor about Mitt Romney purely because it was politically expedient. he cannot be trusted.
The Russia thing is political, but the Hatch Act is apolitical by nature. As someone upthread said, the political gods don't roll a snake eye, the day after Inauguration Day will be a massive battle between HRC and Comey to see who can get impeached second. But funnily enough, even if Trump wins the fucker might just run an impeachment on Comey to get political points and clean house. So for Comey's sake lets hope he's got something, because if Joe Biden is Secretary of State I could honestly see Kaine resigning after impeachment, and if Joe somehow becomes President after all this we'll know there really is someone looking out for us!
Comey will resign before January IMO. It's clear he violated the Hatch law and there are calls from both Republicans and Democrats for his resignation and investigations.
If it had leaked after the election he could never have been impeached but he'd be known forever as a Hillary stooge. He's banking on something actually showing up in the emails.
Joe said he doesn't want to serve in Clintons cabinet. He's done.
Yeah, okay. The guy wants to go on a Crusade against Cancer.
Second in line to the presidency after VP is the Speaker
That was a ploy that Romney could have easily stopped from happening by releasing his taxes.
that has nothing to do with reid being a liar and asshole
And how can Hillary be trusted exactly ?
uh who said hillary could be trusted?
Comey can set the record straight and tell us if indeed there IS or is not an invest involving Russia AMD Trump.
if he had testified under oath that the trump investigation was over and then wait no it's not i need to keep doing it so i'll tell congress then yeah sure. otherwise i'm not too bothered by it
What was the lie?
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/the-fix/wp/2016/09/15/harry-reid-lied-about-mitt-romneys-taxes-hes-still-not-sorry/?client=safari
The Democratic party, ladies and gentlemen.
Assuming you are a Republican, you are running DONALD FUCKING TRUMP as a candidate for President and it is beyond damaging and embarassing to our country for fuck's sake. You guy's lost any moral highground eternally.
Pretty fucking rich if you're a democrat who is willing to elect HILLARY CLINTON to the oval office. The fact that you even mentioned "moral highground" in an "arguement" is the most ridiculous thing I have seen in months.
The democratic party, again, ladies and gentlemen. your party on the other hand is running another Clinton, that's a lot more embarrassing than running someone who's a smart businessman that has been talking about his presidential plans since the 80's.
Hahah solid counterpoint.
[deleted]
Wait, so you cant have ANY failures to be successful?
What are his success stories? Not his dad's, his.
Turning 200mil(adjusted for inflation) into multiple billions?
[deleted]
His greatest success is yet to come, precisely, it begins nov. 8
How do you reconcile calling a billionaire a failure Welcome to business, thank you for admitting you've never done it
donald trump the FASCIST RACIST KGB AGENT WHO WANTS TO NUKE RUSSIA?!?!?! the most embarrassing part is that you fall for this shit every time
Explain to me who he is then.
Here's a rally from Friday: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPISkjBHDoY
In your own words.
hey man you wanna look for a strawman you should know HE'S A RACIST SEXIST KGB AGENT RAPIST WHO WANTS TO NUKE EUROPE in your own words, which of these statements best describes Emmanuel Goldstein and which Donald Trump?
[You're either with us or against us.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-23kmhc3P8U)
I'm against anyone who was down with the Bush presidency.
You do realize 90% of the money interests that supported Bush are now in support of Hillary? No, I'm not a Trump supporter
Nice distinction. Instead of that way of thinking or "policy," you instead note your disdain for the messenger.
...hillary voted for all the shit he loved. she's corrupt fucking gw bush. i had to switch parties it was so disgusting. or are you for the authorization for military force, or doma, or everything else she voted for to let that manic crater our country?
I'm simply pointing out the hypocrisy, but thank you for your kind and tolerant comment.
People bring that up, its one of the best things Ive ever done. Why? Because I knew what he had done was not be transparent and forthright about his taxes and to this day he hasnt released his tax returns.  Did I want to do that? No. I had the information, I tried to get somebody else to do it. I tried to get somebody in the Obama 'reelect,' I tried to get one of the senators, I tried to get one of the outside groups, but nobody would do it. So I did it. And with that, like everything, I think in life, heres something I learned from my father, if youre going to do something, dont do it half-assed, dont play around. With the Mitt Romney stuff, I didnt play around
Similar thing that is happening here. Romney refused to release his taxes. Reid lied and said that he knew Romney paid no taxes which forced him to release his taxes. Apparently, when there is no way to get a public figure to release information then lie boldly and force them to reveal the truth. Or maybe he is telling the truth. No way to know until Comey comes out from whatever hole he is hiding in.
maybe we should be better than having senate leaders lie on the goddamn floor just to score political points. maybe democrats should stop laughing at republicans for nominating trump because at least there are millions of conservatives in anguish over his nomination and millions trying to figure out how to fix it because they're not racists, bigots and morons. democrats nominated a crooked career politician low life with zero accomplishments other than "it's my turn" and there's zero self-reflection from them. just smugness and condescension and "it's ok, she's a democrat, this isn't that bad"
> with zero accomplishments Ok, this is where you are completely wrong. You can have your opinions of ethics, but when you state flat-out falsehoods you can't expect to be taken seriously. Here are the 77 bills Senator Clinton either sponsored or cosponsored that became law: https://www.congress.gov/member/hillary-clinton/C001041?q=%7B%22bill-status%22%3A%22law%22%7D
To the people accusing Comey of being partisan - he's an old school Republican, why the hell would he want Trump to win? If he truly was a partisan hack he could've pushed harder in July if he really wanted to take Clinton down, but he didn't...because he's not, as far as I can tell. Let's just wait a few days to figure out what the hell is going on. This still doesn't change the fact that I don't want fucking Trump in the White House.
> why the hell would he want Trump to win? Because after he gets elected, he would drop the triple bomb of the FBI investigations into Trump University, Trump Foundation, and his connections with Russia. Get him booted out of office and then Pence is in charge. Hard to say which is worse.
Why would he want Pence in charge?
Like you said, he's an an old school Republican, so he doesn't want Clinton or another Democrat to win. The FBI is currently investigating Trump so he knows more about him than the public does, so there could be plenty of reasons beyond what we know. Pence is the only one left, really.
> he's an old school Republican, why the hell would he want Trump to win? Trump is not a Republican. >If he truly was a partisan hack he could've pushed harder in July if he really wanted to take Clinton down, but he didn't...because he's not, as far as I can tell. So as far as anybody can tell, he's not a hack. The only reason he would do something like this is because what he found is huge. Like massive. It explains why Hillary is freaking out over this. People have read these emails, they have been read during the NYPDs investigation in Weiner. Make no mistake, all the players involved know exactly what is on these emails. Comey, Hillary, Human. They know it's bad and they are desparate. >This still doesn't change the fact that I don't want fucking Trump in the White House. That's because you've been brainwashed by the Clinton campaign. She has utilized the expertise of people who are very good at brainwashing (specifically the social psychologist Robert Cialdini).
> That's because you've been brainwashed by the Clinton campaign. Nope...I was a Bernie guy, and I've come to hate Trump on my own, thank you very much. I'm really angry at the Clinton campaign and think they're incredibly frustrating and dishonest. I've really considered not voting - but I think a shitty Clinton presidency is preferable to the absolute chaos that would reign under a Trump "presidency."
> I've come to hate Trump on my own, thank you very much. Uh-huh, this is how you know they've done a good job brainwashing you. You think you came to that conclusion all by yourself! >I think a shitty Clinton presidency is preferable to the absolute chaos that would reign under a Trump "presidency." Right. Well, Hillary has stated that cyber attacks should be treated as traditional attacks upon the US. She also believes Russia has conducted such attacks on the US. Her stated policy in Syria (no fly zone) will lead to a direct conflict with Russia. Hillary wants war with Russia, [Jill Stein even stated as much.](https://www.c-span.org/video/?c4624521/jill-stein-donald-trump-better-russia) But you're right! Putting the word presidency in quotes means that Trump is much more evil! Good thing you're not brainwashed and came to that totally logical conclusion all by yourself and weren't influence by any outside sources!
Trump is a megalomaniac billionaire who I've been aware of since I watched the Apprentice as a teenager. I've watched him spearhead the racist Obama birther movement, than waddle through a bullshit primary offending anybody and everybody possible. I hate Hillary Clinton, I hate Donald Trump. Still not voting for Trump.
> I've watched him spearhead the racist Obama birther movement You do know Hillary started that whole thing with Sidney Blumenthal, right? Also, he called Cruz Canadian. So is that also racist? >I hate Hillary Clinton, I hate Donald Trump. Still not voting for Trump. So, Trump said bad words and Hillary wants to go to war. Uh, you still hate Trump more? So saying bad words is worse than sending people to die in a foreign country? What kind of moral compass do you have? And you still don't think you're brainwashed?
Whether there is nothing in those emails or a video attachment of her having drinks with bin laden we know Comey broke the law. He wrote a letter that he was advised not to write that was devoid of any hard evidence or facts and full of rumors and innuendo and it violated the Hatch law because he knew it would have an effect on the election. He didn't even have the warrant to look at the emails in question so he doesn't know anything about them as they relate to Hillary.
> Whether there is nothing in those emails or a video attachment of her having drinks with bin laden we know Comey broke the law. where's the intent? i just don't see it.
To be honest, his current move doesn't really mean Trump will win. There won't be any resolution to the investigation until after the election, it is quite unlikely the vague details released so far will be enough to increase Trump's numbers enough on election day. So Clinton is still likely to win, but with a reduced majority, and most importantly, a lower chance to gain control of the senate/make a dent in congress. So it does help the GOP in more important ways than Trump, cause unless there is actual incriminating evidence released before election day, its pretty unlikely most people are going to care enough to vote Trump over it.
> he's an old school Republican, why the hell would he want Trump to win? Plenty of old school Republicans are backing Trump in this election. Because old school Republicans believe Clinton is the devil, spent decades believing it, and maybe regret they don't have a better nominee but still prefer him.
Seriously! People do realize that people have gone to jail for less than Clinton did, right? If Comey actually wanted to torpedo Clinton he could have recommended charges back then.
> People do realize that people have gone to jail for less than Clinton did, right? False.
A general just did last week, for one message, not even secret. Petraus got hit for keeping his calendar on paper.
Petraeus deliberately gave classified information to his mistress. Completely different kettle of fish.
The real problem is that all of the legal actions against Trump are set after the November election for a reason. There's literally no excuse here. Do you think it would be okay if the IRS indicted Trump for tax fraud next week?
Who says it's about Trump? I agree, Comey doesn't give a shit about him, and neither does Chaffetz. If it's politically motivated, it's got nothing do with Trump, who's probably a lost cause anyway. It's to impact close House and Senate races and motivate Republican voters to turn out. Control of the House and the Senate is what the closer race is.
There's lots of reason why an old school republican would want trump to win, even if they actually hate trump. Lots of old schoolers, even if they hate trump, hate hillary more. Also, trump is still going to push a republican agenda if he wants to stay president for two terms. This becomes doubly paramount when you consider that a supreme court justice is up for nomination. What if comey is pro-life? Trump said in the final debate that if hes president, roe v wade would be appealed. That will get him many votes, especially from traditional conservatives. Not saying comey is guilty, the poster above actually makes good points about comey, for all we know he could be a man of great integrity. But to propose hes trying to influence the election when we're literally a week away from the 8th is simply not an unbelievable accusation. We'll just have to wait and see.
down ballot. they may just be mitigating the disaster that is Trump.
You're on r/politics, anything other than brushing it under the rug is considered partisan The dude is doing his job and it's being sensationalized by both sides
The dude is using the power of the FBI to influence the election.
[deleted]
Yes, yes it is. I'm of the opinion that the justice system and its processes should be blind and not care about someone's standing or job. He didn't have these in September and testified before Congress that it was over and he'd update them with new information. He sent a letter amending his testimony with this new information. Get over it.
And your opinion is simply wrong. No person in his position should be using his office as a tool to harm someone else chances at being elected. And that is exactly what he is trying to do here. And no, he didn't update them on new information. He still doesn't even know if any of this is even related to the case, so he has no business updating congress about the case. Doing what he did is the equivalent of the FBI getting a completely unverified anonymous claim that Hillary raped a dog with a dildo covered in deleted emails last night, and then telling congress about it because it "might be relevant".
> And your opinion is simply wrong. No person in his position should be using his office as a tool to harm someone else chances at being elected He's not, he's using his office as a tool to do an investigation that happens to involve a presidential candidate >And that is exactly what he is trying to do here Based on what >And no, he didn't update them on new information. He still doesn't even know if any of this is even related to the case, so he has no business updating congress about the case Sure he did. He updated them saying the FBI is reviewing these emails contrary to him saying they were done. It's not information you like but it's new information that's for sure >Doing what he did is the equivalent of the FBI getting a completely unverified anonymous claim that Hillary raped a dog with a dildo covered in deleted emails last night, and then telling congress about it because it "might be relevant". If that anonymous tip came from the NYPD/FBI while it was investigating another case for someone close to Hillary's right-hand woman who had access to the same server, then yea bring it to light!
> He's not, he's using his office as a tool to do an investigation that happens to involve a presidential candidate Telling congress about something that he doesn't even know is related to a case or not is not him doing an investigation. Sorry to break it to you. That's called him spewing forth unverified rumors. >Based on what That he has no other reason to be doing this, and that we know he has a the will to slander Clinton wherever possible by seeing what he did during the press conference where the FBI announced their decision. He used the entire thing to attack Clinton on everything he could find, even if entirely legal, which isn't his or the FBI's job. >Sure he did. He updated them saying the FBI is reviewing these emails contrary to him saying they were done. Again, telling congress about information that is not even verified to be even related to the case or true is not excusable as 'Giving them updates'. If this were what he was actually doing, I could call the FBI right now, leave an anonymous tip about clinton disposing of her emails in a dogs anus, and he would tell congress about it. But we both know that isn't how this works, and that he isn't just "giving them updates", because this isn't an update. >If that anonymous tip came from the NYPD/FBI while it was investigating another case for someone close to Hillary's right-hand woman who had access to the same server, then yea bring it to light! Are you claiming the FBI or the NYPD told comey that they think the emails in question are actually related to the Clinton case? Do you have any evidence of this?
>Telling congress about something that he doesn't even know is related to a case or not is not him doing an investigation. Sorry to break it to you. That's called him spewing forth unverified rumors. He said they were pertinent I have no idea why you keep saying they might not be related. He CLEARLY said they were pertinent. He CLEARLY said he didn't know if they were significant. Pretty big difference don't ya think. There's not a question whether or not it's related to the investigation. >Again, telling congress about information that is not even verified to be even related to the case or true is not excusable as 'Giving them updates'. See above, he said they were relevant in the letter. >Are you claiming the FBI or the NYPD told comey that they think the emails in question are actually related to the Clinton case? Do you have any evidence of this? "This morning I sent a letter to Congress in connection with the Secretary Clinton email investigation. Yesterday, the investigative team briefed me on their recommendation with respect to seeking access to emails that have recently been found in an unrelated case. Because those emails appear to be pertinent to our investigation, I agreed that we should take appropriate steps to obtain and review them." I'm no thesaurus but I'm pretty sure pertinent is a synonym for related or relevant
I wouldnt bother with this guy, i see him on /r/politics all the time shilling for clinton. His username alone shows he isn't worth trying to discuss these things with.
Sorry, I read "nearly a month ago" and assumed it meant September. Oct 3rd was the date the laptop was seized, and the 4th or 5th would have been an appropiate time to release the letter. Comey mishandled the announcement. Get over it.
...except his letter clearly indicated that he had just been briefed about the emails the day before he wrote it, so wrong again
When has the Direct of the FBI ever say "we shouldn't indict A, but A did X and Y and Z which are wrong but not illegal"?
He is not being partisan at all. He was stuck in an impossible position and decided to err on the side of truth. If he had said nothing about the new emails, he risked the information being leaked which would make it look a *lot* like the FBI was covering it up. Also, by saying nothing Comey would be misleading the public by allowing everyone to falsely believe the July conclusions are still final and the case is still effectively closed. On the other hand, by telling the public of the existence of new emails, and the simple fact that agents have been put back on the case actively, he's being accused of injecting himself into the election. He had no good option. So, as a man of integrity he erred on the side of truth and transparency and decided to tell congressional representatives. No matter what happens in the election itself, Comey will absolutely be vindicated by history. edit: spelling
*err *erred
I don't intend to be rude but you should know it's erred, not aired on the side of caution
For sure, learned something new!
> He is not being partisan at all. He was stuck in an impossible position and decided to err on the side of truth. There was nothing impossible about his position. His first letter should have said "Not evidence for an indictment" and nothing else. With this until he had something innuendo was inappropriate.
"Erred."
I agree with you, however everything hillary did showed intent to conceal evidence and obstruct the investigation. This to me puts his actions less on "erring" and more on "letting it slide" .. which in a just system, should not be done
Your logic is bullshit. We live in an adversarial system. It's not the role of law enforcement to uncover the truth, it's their role to gather evidence for prosecution. Thus, if you are under investigation, you lawyer up and shut your mouth, because that is how the system works. It's why we have presumption of innocence, and the right to remain silent. Someone exercising their rights is not obstruction - it's understanding how the law works and making sure they are protected.
Inb4 someone claims that the FBI works for Putin as well now. :>
Vladimir Putin: "Does anyone really think Russia could influence the American people's choice in any way? What,is the US a banana republic?"
Uh, the Russians are clearly behind this.
Howard Dean already claimed Comey sided with Putin
A few members of the Democrat party have already suggested this, but you don't hear about it because this sub downvotes anything anti-Democrat into oblivion.
And Weiner, don't forget Weiner. That's a Russian name, right?
Comrade Anton Weinerov.
Ah yes, I forgot the Cold War is still being fought on this sub. Reminds me of the dedicated Japanese soldiers who were still fighting WWII well into the 1970s.
> the Cold War is still being fought on this sub. This goes way beyond this sub, you have people everywhere believing that Russia hacked the US, even tho there is literally 0 evidence. I mean fuck, half of europe believes it already, the Cold War is probably coming back baby and the US is the one that will start CWII. Everything to stop Trump, worth.
Didn't many US agencies as well as multiple private companies look into the hacks and agree that it was almost certainly the Russians?
Yeah we can totally trust our government agencies! They would never lie to us!
I'm a little confused about this mindset. So if Russia DID hack into the DNC or wherever, how would you expect to know, if not from someone like the director of national intelligence?
So the off chance of nuclear ahnilation is worth voting for a possible criminal?
Already happened: http://www.realclearpolitics.com/video/2016/10/30/demoratic_congressman_tim_ryan_blames_russia_for_fbi_reopening_clinton_investigation.html Dean claims Comey is "siding with Putin": http://ijr.com/2016/10/724010-howard-deans-outlandish-comparison-of-fbi-director-comey-and-vladimir-putin-reeks-of-desperation/
Hoooooly fuck, McCarthyism 2.0.
It was Russia.
FBI, KGB, they're both 3 letter acronyms. Wake up sheeple!
So's GOP! *Omg!*
pepe and putin both start with p coincidence?
Funny how Comey was darling, professional, and a stand-up guy when he said Clinton was innocent, now that he's re-investigating potential new stuff instead of, what, letting it slide (?!) he's a racist bigot Trump supporter Republican shill. If you believe Clinton is innocent, then this new stuff shouldn't bother you. If you're aware she's probably done something and you're just annoyed she may get caught and cause a Trump presidency, stop that, she isn't gunna get caught, she's Hillary frigging Clinton.
He was a darling because he investigated information in front of him, gave a testimony and then concluded the case was a non-issue. He's no longer a darling because he's sent an email declaring he found some emails that possibly have something to do with Clinton, and he doesn't know what, he didn't have a warrant (at the time of the letter) and that these emails could take weeks. On top of that he's opening the door to violating the Hatch Act. At this point he's playing for points. One further question: what will be the thing in these emails that specifically shows HRC acted with criminal intent?
> One further question: what will be the thing in these emails that specifically shows HRC acted with criminal intent? Probably nothing. The whole thing is effectively pointless. Trump is far too far behind for a "but maybe theres more..!' to help him.
If I do believe Clinton is innocent. But his last minute surprise without any information, reeks of a lifelong Republican's Hail Marry to manipulate the election. If I'm wrong, I want proof. Otherwise this is a disgrace.
Just tune in and you'll have your proof
And that's why Comey is smart. He just forced Dems to demand proof; and now they can't put the lid back on Pandora's box. Comey isn't partisan; he's tenacious about prosecuting people who break the law.
For one, that isn't how burden of proof works, and two, why would the director of the FBI risk his entire career and reputation for a candidate that is almost a sure-fire loss at this point? It is far more likely that, just as he's been saying, transparency was repeatedly demanded of him in July during the initial investigative results, and so he continued with the transparency being asked of him and made a really poor decision... Not some grand republican conspiracy at the last minute.
> Funny how Comey was darling, professional, and a stand-up guy when he said Clinton was innocent I never said that, I said that it was clear from the start there was no evidence for intent. And no one has been indicted under the negligence section of the Espionage Act. >If you believe Clinton is innocent, then this new stuff shouldn't bother you. What bothers me is the FBI director announcing that there is evidence that might be bad. He hasn't looked yet so maybe not but just in case we should know it might be bad.
I don't now anyone on the left who thought he was a stand-up guy. He was a partisan who didn't have a case and knew it. He got credit for doing his job despite that, but everyone knew his editorializing outside of the "no charges" was just partisan hackery.
My problem is that the more this email shit is made an issue, the more it erodes her public perception, leading to Trump closing the gap more and more. Clinton already is fighting an uphill battle against Trump's passionate, if ignorant, platform, and with the public now having an ingrained "Clinton is crooked" perception, she's going to have an even harder time. Trump might still not win, but it *can not* be this close. The closer the margins are, the higher the chance there is of Trump running again in 4 years, and the higher the chance of him remaining a huge political figure. For me to feel like this election has at least been salvaged, Trump needs to be made irrelevant again. That's the only way we're going to come back from this shit show of an election. If Trump continues to be a huge national figure after this election, we're never going to fully be free of this election's result.
The reason it bothers us is because by the time they actually read/publish the content of them, the election will be over.
I dont think thats the point here. What people are upset about is that there are protocols for a man of comeys position which he ignored. Whether or not you support hrc doesnt change that. The fact that the subject of these emails is anthony freakin weiner, its probably not the case that they contain something so abhorrent that it becomes an obligation for comey to report it immediately. He is a known republican, to say that he was trying to influence the election is not an unreasonable accusation. If thats the case, this is grounds for him to lose his job. It also will probably put the whole email thing to rest for good, as no one will want to be lumped in with comey. So even people who dislike hrc should feel uneasy about this.
> He is a known republican, to say that he was trying to influence the election is not an unreasonable accusation. If thats the case, this is grounds for him to lose his job. Its ridiculous, even though he stands to lose his job as director of the FBI, he's a republican so its reasonable to assume he'd risk his entire career to try to assist Trump, who virtually cannot be helped at this point save Clinton *literally* going to jail. He's not just being overly transparent and made a bad decision. *Reasonable.*
When you put it like that, i agree, it sounds nuts. But come on, the timing here is nothing short of unbelievable. We are so close to the election, and you said it, the only thing that could save trump is something crazy happening. All we know is that comey made something crazy happen. Thats it, we know nothing of his intentions. Does the timing not raise any suspicion whatsoever to you?
I'm not particularly suspicious, no. I think its coincidental. For one, if Comey intended to rock the boat in Trump's favor, why wait until after early voting has begun? Net loss of potential swing voters. Your career is on the line, why half ass it like that. Strategically speaking, giving Trump more ammunition for the debates, at the very least the last one, would have done far more to help him. Perhaps he wouldn't have flopped so miserably had this happened earlier. He doesn't particularly seem like the type to ever be prepared enough, though.
Lol well at least we can agree on that last part there
Protocol says you don't use a private server for emails. Protocol says the DOJ makes the decision on whether to prosecute, not agree with whatever the FBI says. Protocol is not a good argument AT ALL because when the DOJ cant follow protocol, the FBI has to do something.
Yeah you are right. Hillary definitely broke protocol theres no doubt. Doesnt mean comey can too, especially when we're a week and a half away from the election. Im sorry, but the argument that clinton or the DOJ screwed up doesnt hold up if its true that comey is using his position to influence an election. Its actually my opinion that if thats the case then comeys guilty of much more than clinton ever was because his actions are a direct attempt to compromise our democracy. That is a huge offense, if it turns out to be true. Im not taking it off the table that this stuff about weiner is an intolerable crime, im just saying, whats more likely?
I 100% think it's more likely that he has something serious and isn't JUST trying to influence the election. They've had these emails for weeks and if they were trying to influence the election they would have just prosecuted. I'm guessing that the only way to get a warrant to read the emails (they can read metadata and unofficially they can probably read the emails too ) was to put public pressure on the AG. It seems a lot more likely that someone appointed by Obama who is now investigating the candidate Obama publicly supports is less corrupt than someone who's been a politician for 30 years, is somehow a multi millionaire, and has not been prosecuted for storing classified emails on a private server. Comey may be corrupt but yes, it seems more likely that attacking Comey is Hillary's way of covering this up. And if he did nothing and couldn't get a warrant, he'd be influencing the election anyway. He'd just be doing it quietly, and in favor of someone he potentially knows is a criminal. Comey may have broke protocol but I'm glad he's informing us that it could be Tim Kaine v Donald Trump if the investigation concludes with an indictment.
Look you dont have to convince me that hillary is corrupt, im with you. But the emails were about anthony weiner shootin out pics of his dick... she may be corrupt, but what are the odds that these particular emails are what proves that? I think we will know more in due time, but as of right now i disagree with you.
How can one man have 650000 emails of dick pics?
No, he just broke 90 years of FBI precedent for a vague statement that reveals nothing important, possibly to try and change the election ( though I doubt it will have impact )
I agree to an extent except for the last part, saying this new stuff "shouldn't bother you" is ignoring the effect this has on the election. If in 1 month the FBI comes out and says they found no wrongdoing in the emails it won't change the fact that it cast doubt over her campaign and will likely lose her some votes. Regardless of your stance on whether what Comey did was correct or not, you can't deny it is affecting the election.
I'm not denying it has an effect, I'm denying that the effect is meaningful. Trump has about as much chance of winning the election as Jeb! does at this point. Save for a few very vocal hold-outs, Clinton stands to win by a landslide. Comey is either completely *insane* risking his job as director of FBI for an almost sure-fire loss with this weird conspiracy, OR, as he's been repeating, he's been brow-beaten non-stop for transparency and was perhaps too transparent this time in an effort not to get shit on again.
It should be simply looked at, as "My job doesn't stop, simply because you want to be President." The responsibility is solely on Hillary, because she could've A) Handed everything over to begin with. B) Not done anything shady to begin with. If Trump didn't want women he sexually harassed/assaulted to bite him in the ass during his Presidential run, he shouldn't have done that shit. It's called personal responsibility. Stop being pissed at the people who call out fuck ups, and be pissed at the fuck ups.
I'm more worried that this'll create an air of "OMG the FBI found out she's really guilty the whole time!" based off a bunch of innuendo and vague FBI statements/leaks that get amplified in various places. Then like 4 months from now, "OK we investigated and it was nothing new".
> vague FBI statements "She knowingly and deliberately broke the law repeatedly...but there was no intent" They weren't so much "vague" as blatantly not doing their jobs.
I don't think there is much question over the facts. The fact is that HRC used her offices to help the powerful and to make money. The only question is, is that legitimate.
I don't think it will, I'm confident this will just create an air of "eyeroll, here we go again, just give up already." Which seems to be the case.
Odds are that the tens of thousands of Weiner e-mails are nothing but a bunch of junk mail.
I'll take those odds. How much?
The election.
dad...
I bet there's a lot of hard evidence.
Even if there are 10s of thousands of useless emails, media is reporting that there are about 650,000 emails on Anthony Weiner's computer.
Ahahaha
This should have been up top. All the way up top.
I bet it's about yoga! /s
Probably just more proof she is as liberal as Sanders like all the other emails.
/s
And weddings too!
The NY special victims unit that found the emails contacted the FBI about it. Why would they bother informing them, and at first glance the FBI agents eventually thought Comey needed to know, if it was junk mail? Edit: *whoooosh*
Wooooosh
Even though you missed the joke, if the emails are from or to Hillary they are going to look at them. The PD and FBI are not going to say, oh hey, I think it's junk. Never mind. That's not how investigations work.
Exactly. I've seen a lot of talk from supporters as this cluster unfolded stating how these were never Clinton's emails to begin with. I'm sitting here like - why in the hell do you think they reported this up the chain if they weren't relevant?
junk=dick
Junk, as in penis
"weiner" "junk"
Well done.
What is the worst these emails could be? What is the least significant they could be. What are each of those chances considering what we know now?
Worst case: Child sex trafficking, selling State secrets, money laundering, SAPs, election rigging, murder, opportunistic wars. Possible. Best case: Yoga and recipes. Unlikely. The Russians probably planned this.
Worst for Hllary. Huma admitting she lied; that Hillary lied; that Hillary told her to lie; that Hillary purposefully set up the server to skirt FOIA. That she purposefully witheld classified emails. Alternatively, Weiner was keep a cache of emails as a blackmail file, knowing he would need it eventually. Best for Hillary. They are duplicates. But FBI agents would have probably known whether they were duplicates or whether the emails looked undiscovered. Agents would have known whether they were worthy of briefing top brass (I mean, you don't take your boss silly things, do you?). What is most likely, at minimum, is that Huma got caught in an FBI lie. And there's a 25% chance she implicates Clinton. Latest CNN article says this was unfolding for a couple weeks, top FBI brass briefed multiple times. I think claims that briefing Congress were unfounded will be met with, "Oh, shit. The FBI was downplaying what they have." No one has accused Comey of being incompetent or partisan, but he is tenacious.
> Huma got caught in an FBI lie. And there's a 25% chance she implicates Clinton. If you follow the Clintons' career, there are many times where they shifted the blame on to a lackey. Or said lackey ended up dead. I don't think Huma will implicate Clinton, if it ever came to that.
> But FBI agents would have probably known whether they were duplicates or whether the emails looked undiscovered Wouldn't they need a warrant to read the emails before that could be determined though?
> Wouldn't they need a warrant to read the emails before that could be determined though? No, nothing stops them from reading the email. They just cannot use it as evidence unless they have a warrant.
I think agents could tell from the metadata--emails before a certain date were never discovered. Plus the subjects. They had do be able to see that much to know the emails were important. And, frankly, I wouldn't be surprised if an agent or two peaked w/out a warrant. Comey has both sides begging to have the FBI examine the emails...there's a decent chance that's exactly what he wanted.
Best: Nothing the FBI hasn't already seen Worst: new classified or Foundation docs that involve Clinton and/or a "let's delete everything and obstruct justice" smoking gun That said, the WSJ reporting of 650,000 emails and that agents have already looked at the metadata and consider the emails likely pertinent, has got to make even some Clinton defenders queasy. If the number is accurate it would dwarf the number of emails the FBI has seen so far, so it's hard to understand how this could be a complete nothingburger.
Only a couple thousand are reported to have any correlation to Clinton, so it's very likely it's nothing new. You know that not mentioning something is also a form of lying right?
I'm not too concerned about the number since we also don't have date restrictions or even confirmation that the number is Huma's and not the sum total of all emails in the cache (most of which would be Weiner's).
If they realized having incriminating emails was a Bad Thing that they needed to cover up, I'd expect that to make the likelihood that they talked about covering up emails over email very small to zero.
Agree with this, mostly.
Out of curiosity, what is the cost of this emails investigation?
20 Million Plus http://www.thefiscaltimes.com/2016/07/05/Investigating-Clinton-How-Many-Millions-Were-Spent-Email-Benghazi-Probes
They didn't have before? How they announced without not even a warrant? What a mess.
My guess? It's Weiner's laptop and he's cooperating. 15 years in prison as a known child sex offender with the name Weiner doesn't sound like fun.
The DOJ originally denied the warrant - which is sketchy AS FUCK.
and they never would have gotten it without public pressure.
Yes... they have no idea what these email are ...
Yea they do.
You don't know what you're talking about
Ok source your emphatic position. They don't know what is in the emails because they haven't seen them. They have only seen the send and receive meta data. Come on people be more thorough.
How do you know they haven't seen them..... Please source your emphatic position.
Because if they saw them before they got a warrant it all gets thrown out and comey loses his job for incompetence
That's not how burden of proof works.
Well they needed a warrant... So they have meta data which notes source and destination.. Not the contents... So they needed the warrant because they were not part of the investigation on Weiner. Look if you are going to play games at least know what you are talking about...
So a federal judge is called into his office on a Sunday to hear arguments on why to sign a warrant, then signs said warrant, to search the computers on blind speculation? Not a chance. The mere fact that a judge signed this warrant is a BIG indicator that they know the content of at least some of the emails. Apparently that content was compelling enough to get the judge to sign off.
You can't use info you shouldn't have seen without a warrant to get a warrant. In other words, they can't see something incriminating in these emails and use that information to get a warrant to look at the emails. They likely got a warrant based on the metadata of the emails - as they were searching for Weiner's communication, they likely saw Huma's. All it would take for probable cause in something like this is emails during the time Huma was Clinton's aide as SoS.
Judges sign off on all kinds of shit. Here in TN we have judges on call 24/7 to issue warrants for DUI blood draws. The cop only has to call and sound certain on the phone that "something" is off about the person. I've seen perfectly sober people get hauled off to the ER and strapped down to be forcibly drawn because of an instant warrant.
Ok sure keep,thinking you are so smart. A federal judge can be called in if they are under pressure to review the emails due to ....wait for it... Comey opening a political shitstorm... So yeah. They legally cannot read these emails as they are not wieners. Are you a lawyer of somebody who tries to match what they want with what is real? Btw careful when you talk about the way this works as you don't know do you?
Let me guess, Comey is in bed with the Russians now too right?
You're a fruit loop dingus.
How old are you?
Says who?
muffler48, silly.
The FBI. Well at least to current knowledge but who the hell knows because of the shit show this has been. Comey has allowed republicans to use him to affect the election.
Wasn't he appointed his position by democrats? His confirmation took so long it now holds the record for his position-- because the republicans were blocking it. He definitely plays ball for the democrats. The fact that he's reopened the case is quite telling.
He was a US Attorney and Deputy Attorney General under the Bush administration. One of his first investigations was into Bill Clinton. He donated to McCain and Romney's Presidential campaigns, and was a registered Republican for most of his life. There is absolutely no evidence that he, "plays ball for the democrats."
They know from the metadata it was sent to/from the private server so it is most definitely relevant to the previous investigation.
Or its all duplicate. So comey really over reacted out of self interest and political pressure
They can compare meta data to see if it's a duplicate. They wouldn't announce reopening the investigation just to realize its all stuff they had
Ok so now you have it solved.. No real data, but solved... Why are you wasting time here.. Call the press...
You don't need a warrant to review meta data
...the article clearly states that the FBI did not have a warrant to review these emails so, no, this argument has no basis.
You don't need a warrant to view meta data
Citation on that?
https://www.propublica.org/special/no-warrant-no-problem-how-the-government-can-still-get-your-digital-data
Which suggests a metadata mismatch perhaps... requiring the sort of review that goes beyond metadata and into content for which a warrant is needed.
Absolutely
650,000, all duplicate, k.
See here is where you got duped.. There are 650000 wiener emails not Hillary ones. So the number of Hillary emails is from what we heard less than 1000.
We heard thousands, we don't know the full amount. We do know metadata showed some were from the private server which makes its completely relevant.
Right, but they have no idea what they are and so they really should have shut up with 11 days to go. I am betting they are nothing and Comey resigns and the FBI is tarnished. Nice work all around.
650,000 was the total number of emails on the laptop. Most of which are Wiener's. A small fraction of those are expected to be relevant.
That figure includes ALL emails on Weiner's laptop, including Weiner's. Only thousands were pertinent to Hillary's. > Investigators found 650,000 emails on a laptop used by former Rep. Anthony Weiner and his estranged wife Huma Abedin, a close Clinton aide, and underlying metadata suggests thousands of those messages could have been sent to or from the private server that Mrs. Clinton used while she was secretary of state, according to people familiar with the matter. http://www.wsj.com/articles/laptop-may-include-thousands-of-emails-linked-to-hillary-clintons-private-server-1477854957
People keep citing the meta-data but that quote suggest they haven't even looked at meta-data. > thousands of those messages could have been sent to or from the private server
From that paragraph: > Investigators found 650,000 emails on a laptop used by former Rep. Anthony Weiner and his estranged wife Huma Abedin, a close Clinton aide, and **underlying metadata suggests** thousands of those messages could have been sent to or from the private server that Mrs. Clinton used while she was secretary of state, according to people familiar with the matter. Can metadata suggest something if they haven't looked at it?
What do you mean by, "if"? What is "if"?
are you okay?
Why is it wrong to announce before a warrant? And last I heard, Anthony Weiner gave the FBI permission to look at everything.
You can't look at things outside the scope. That's how the constitution protects us.
Is it possible the announcement was a play to get or fast track the warrant? It seems kinda crazy that the FBI have been sitting on this for weeks without one but shortly after it became national news they are able to get one issued on a Sunday evening or night.
The FBI wasn't the first agency to look at the emails. The laptop was first looked at by NYC special victims unit looking into Weiner's sexting case. They found clinton emails and notified the FBI.
And the director of FBI decided to make a sensasionalist announcement before even getting a warrant.
Sensationalist! Yes thats what it is! Sensationalist! Nice one. Do you have any other bullshit you would like to say? It's all good in the hood when Comey comes down in favor of Hillary because he couldn't find hard evidence, but when he finds the emails that where deleted he a sensationalist. Go back to school.
Imagine if someone leaked that he got a warrant for "new emails" without notifying Congress that his previous sworn testimony was now inaccurate. What a shitstorm. I doubt he had many good options.
Which he had a constitutional duty to do, no?
"sensationalist"
Let the bullshit flow through you.
If he didn't do that Lynch would have continued to impede their invrstigation. This forced her hand. If anyone is wondering why he did that.
Bingo.
So the FBI played politics? Hope comey loses his job for violating the hatch act.
I keep hearing this lately, I don't think you guys know how little 30 minutes is for a negotiation on the scale you're describing. Lmao.
Exactly how did she impede anything? She went with his recommendation.
In absence of facts or sources.. Hey! Let's just make shit up!
Source that Lynch is impeding their investigation? And don't fucking say the word "tarmac"!
They had it for weeks. Why did it take the DOJ this long to get a warrant?
DOJ doesn't request warrants or grant them. FBI requests, judges grant.
Tarmac
Tarmac. Nuff said
aerodrome surface
No aerodrome surface! No aerodrome surface! YOU'RE the aerodrome surface!
Meeting on an airplane with the husband of a suspect in a criminal investigation.
She recused herself. Why does anyone think that Bill Clinton one of the most famous politicians in the USA if he was doing something underhanded would personally do this himself, let alone meet on the tarmac of an airport in the middle of the day? Seriously all of the Clinton Conspiracies are just absurd by now.
> The note added that it would "be misleading to the American people were we not to **supplement the record**. STR... See what he did there? Do you get it?
Because he didn't think anyone would notice and if the ABC station in Phoenix hadn't gone "Look, there's Bill Clinton", no one would have.
"people like him so he couldn't do anything bad"
"There's no evidence he did anything bad, therefore until shown otherwise he didn't do anything bad."
He talked to the head of the DoJ on a private airplane while his wife was under investigation by the FBI
As if Clinton couldn't send a negotiator on his behalf, or a multitude of other ways he could of had a private conversation with her.
They both have phones. It's like any time the word Clinton is involved people lose all sense of reality and go right for the most convoluted conspiracy possible.
Exactly. And there is no evidence of that. Thus one of the most famous people in politics directly doing something like telling the AG to stop investigating his wife or there will be "trouble" is even more absurd.
yeh, they just had a 30 minute meeting on an airport tarmac to talk about their grand kids. DUH why didnt i see it before, its so obvious! no shady shit here lord no
Maybe not a threat. Maybe he said "Hey, you're doing a real great job as Attorney General. Hillary just wanted me to tell you that if you keep this up, there will be a spot for you in her Cabinet." Or, knowing Bill, he was trying to play Hide the Cigar with her.
>She recused herself. Citation needed.
Plane ground.
Lol what the fuck can Lynch to do Comey? Its not like she can fire him.
thanks for the chuckle
It's not really wrong though. If anyone actually believes they talked about their grandchildren, I have a bridge to sell you
That makes no sense whatsoever.
Bingo.
It's hilarious watching you guys panic and spout bullshit.
Tfw when dick pics to teenagers changed the course of western society
Weiner's Weiner is dicking this election.
They didn't find Clinton emails. They found Huma emails and since Huma works for Hillary they can say they're related. They don't have anything material in the emails that makes them think they're relevant to the investigation. It's really just that it's Huma's emails.
Oh stop it. None of us have any idea who's emails they found.
>They don't have anything material in the emails that makes them think they're relevant to the investigation. This is reaching the point of satire, the very first statement Comey released that started this whole thing said quite the opposite.
Which he then rolled back in his internal statement. They hadn't looked at the emails when he released his statement. So they had no idea what was in the emails. They knew they were Huma's, that's it. That is enough to make them relevant to the Clinton issue but not so much that it was prudent to issue the statement he did.
They're able to freely look at the headers, they know who sent and received what and when. That is how he was able to continue the investigation, the internal didn't say anything in regards to his confidence that they were indeed related to the case, only to the degree of significance.
How could you possibly know that based on the information available?
Because it's been reported that it's not emails from Clinton or her private server. They found Huma emails and it's reasonable for them to check them for stuff related to the Hillary investigation. They went afoul when they announced it as a reopenjng of the investigation and by wording it in a way that makes it seem like they found Clinton emails that said something related to the case.
Stop watching CNN; or Maria Cardona for that matter.
I don't even have cable.
Reported by who? ETS? Your post history says you don't belong here.
I'd love to see a source on that. Everything I'm seeing clearly states we don't know anything at all yet.
Are you aware that Humas emails play an important role in the entire Clinton email controversy?
There is a chance that Huma logged into HRC's account and sync'ed a bunch of emails. This whole thing is a mess.
I can't wait to see how they reenact this on the next season of SVU. A close up shot of Benson staring at the computer half asleep for 8 hours straight, drinking a half mug of coffe that has been sitting on her desk for the past 4 hours. She tries to find any evidence on ex congressman Richard Johnson's personal computer when she finds a string of mysterious emails in his archieve folder. *Cue the suspense music.* With wide eyes and confusion she finds eveidence of encriminating emails from former first lady Sarah Hawkes. *cut to the next scene* *Dun Dun!*
Next week on Law and Order: SVU
Doink-doink!
Ironic because Joe Biden was recently in an episode. And they already did their Trump episode.
Enhance. Enhance again. Got it.
That's more CSI's style. SVU has more browbeating and convincing victims to testify instead.
Next on SVU: How to enhance into email? "I can VB a GUI into HDD secret archives." -analyst
This is gonna be written into a new Episode isn't it. A huge ass Presidential election is going on and Benson is pressured to notify the Chief of D's office and some other higher ups and the information leaks and Benson starts getting shit on by the whole country.
Ice T better have a scene where people explain things to him.
Ice T's character is a republican so would be a good chance to explain why the emails don't matter to the national race. and then he can say "oh....you mean like when you smoke too many cigarettes".
"Oh you mean like when somebody bets the house on the ponies"
"Oh you mean like when someone eats too much cake"
Because they can read the metadata of the emails without a warrant. According to the WSJ the metadata indicated that at least several thousand of the emails on Huma's computer were sent/received from Clinton's private server. Either she downloaded them intentionally for storage (not okay), or she is tech-illiterate and had some weird auto-sync set up, probably with outlook (which means she was reading the emails on her computer or at least had the login credentials for accessing the server from her laptop - also not okay). From the metadata they can also see date and time so if they're saying these are relevant to the investigation then they must be from when Clinton was still Secretary of State. Whether or not they're just duplicates of emails already investigated remains to be seen, though them being accessed by someone other than Clinton and stored on a computer that wasn't hers is a new angle as well.
Clinton calls for "hard facts from Comey". Meanwhile. America calls for hard facts from Clinton.
CLINTON TO FBI: You may not review those emails! FBI: why not? CLINTON: they contain classified documents!
> America calls for hard facts from Clinton Because Trump won't.
nope, also from comey.
She'll look into it.
Lol. It is not on Clinton to prove herself innocent. Innocent until proven guilty. Remember that one? She is completely warranted in engaging Comey to actually provide details about his claims.
Clinton Rules though
Good tweet
Maybe they should have a 10th Benghazi investigation. That'll be the one she's found guilty. /s
Maybe it would have been smarter for Hillary and Huma to give the FBI all the facts in the first place?
So if she wants to know what's on Anthony / Huma's laptop, why doesn't she ask Huma to log into those accounts from another machine and take a look? She's demanding info she already has access to or am I even more confused than usual?
It's very important to know what they have, you don't want to get caught in a lie.
My thoughts exactly. She wants them released so she knows what they know. If she handed over everything as claimed she wouldn't need them to release the emails, she could do it herself. That gives the implication that she didn't release everything and wants them to release what they have so she can know if they have anything she didn't hand over.
Then she'd be in jail!
Pretty sure that would violate their 5th Amendment right.
I'm pretty sure the fbi could have given immunity to huma. Anyway, if there's nothing in these emails, she could have revealed them and we wouldn't be talking about it now.
But then how would they have run for office as felons?
Technically, being a felon doesn't stop someone from running for office. There is no law against felons from running for office.
https://i.sli.mg/LvHG6W.jpg all im gonna say
already posted, and notice how those are *opinion* pieces?
Really, most "news" I read/hear/watch these days are just opinion pieces. The best you can hope for is a statement of the facts and then divergence into opinion. I can only think of a hand full of reporters/writers that actually try their best to stick to the facts/fact gathering.
lmao
The ignorance in the public domain on how investigations and the law work are terrifying.
https://imgur.com/XydPhui
Oh no, I didn't realize Grizzly Adams died this year :(
The true cause of all this madness.
Those are opinion pieces. I'm just stating a fact here. Like it's 78 degrees outside and I don't think most Americans know how to read a newspaper.
That's all good and fine, but I don't think I've read an article lately that isn't clearly biased from both poles of politics. Are there and centrist/moderate newspapers anymore? Or is it all "we need more trans people in politics yassss" vs "clinton will start World War 3"?
Yes, the post points out the bias of how Wopo always pushes the same opinion (pro Hillary) at any point in time even if it contradicts itself.
How is it contradicting itself? It's stating two opinions, from two different groups of people, about two different events.
It's almost like someone can do multiple things in their life time, each of which can have drastically different effects on the world.
This is horrible news for bleach bit
This is an underrated comment.
How so? That's like if an oil spill happen in Russia and you said dawn dish soap is gonna get a bad rap...
No way. They never claimed their software will go onto other people's computers to delete their files. In fact, this just shows how awesome their software is. Their security is so good, it takes somebody barely related to the person being investigated doing something incredibly stupid.
It's a fucking joke, idiot.
Easy there, it's just an internet comment...
Fuck you, he said it was a joke. baka
Yeah, he did but he was really angry about it. Kind of like you.
I don't think so. The tool did it's job. They just forgot to 'wipe this laptop with a cloth'! Not bleachbit's problem.
I fucking love their ["like with a cloth or something?"](https://www.bleachbit.org/) tagline.
Comey didn't release the letter to the public, he released it to congress. The question we should ask is Who is responsible for releasing Comey's letter to the press? That person was politically motivated without a doubt. And it seems like all reporters would print the nuclear codes without regret if they were to somehow get wind of them, so no point relying on them to provide a moral compass. I, for one, believe that the FBI should refrain from publicizing any and all information related to any ongoing investigation. There are very few situations where going public could conceivably further the investigation. Obviously, congress cannot be trusted to use discretion when they see a political opportunity so they have no business being informed. Leaking sensitive information about leaking sensitive information.... Every day it seems that our politicians (almost all, from both sides of he aisle) are somehow able to lower the bar even further, with the media right behind them all the way dragging our nation and the very principles that founded it right through the gutter. We are surrounded by a moral vacuum. THIS ISN'T A TV SHOW!!!! It is the greatest nation that has ever existed in the history of the world!! At least it was at one time.
Right now, you aint in the top 10 of best nations, wait for this shit show to pass over and rebuild.
K
Your question, which I suspect was rhetorical, has been answered hundreds of times. It was a republican congressman who erroneously stated that the case was "reopened" which was then ran with by media outlets and fellow politicians. It's been well outlined.
The problem is that Congress formally requested to be told if anything changed. If he DIDN'T tell them, he'd be called out for witholding crucial evidence.
First, nothing really changed, since even Comey in the letter that he had no idea whether the emails are significant or not. Second, the FBI/DOJ doesn't have any obligation to keep Congress abreast of ongoing investigations. Comey should not have testified before Congress about a closed/inactive investigation in the first place. Third, the whole problem here is that Comey is more concerned about his personal reputation than about the integrity of DOJ/FBI investigations.
> witholding crucial evidence. What "evidence" would that be? For all they know, they have a handful of the exact same emails they already reviewed. That is not what "evidence" is.
> For all they know, they have a handful of the exact same emails they already reviewed. They could also have EVERYTHING. Because about "a lot" of it was in the wind.
> They could also have EVERYTHING. What would "EVERYTHING" be?
All the emails that have disappeared/been intentionally lost.
> The question we should ask is Who is responsible for releasing Comey's letter to the press? That person was politically motivated without a doubt. Chaffetz (R-UT). Of course it was politically motivated.
He's such a fucking disingenuous weasel-faced fuck he'd leak it the first 4 minutes he got his hands on it too.
Is he actually the person who released it to the press?
Yep. Though to be fair any of the other Republican recipients would have done (and probably did do) the same. The election is in two weeks.
How is that being fair, exactly?
Very true. Jason Chaffetz re-endorsement of Trump and claim to now be "preparing for years of investigations of Clinton" 24 hrs before he tweeted Comey's letter is incredibly suspicious. I'm surprised he is not getting more flack.
"Officially" they do not know what's in these emails yet, BUT, internally you can bet the FBI agents that recommended this to Comey, know a little more than the letter leads us to believe. That's how shit works inside organizations like this. "Officially" "Unofficially' "Officially" "Unofficially" so on and so forth.
Yet they somehow just got the warrant today. Can someone say "administration of justice in disrepute"?
[deleted]
> Or he bent to political pressure from the right. I love this conspiracy theory.
It's not really a conspiracy theory as he stepped out of line before when he said she was 'careless' instead of straight delivering the decision
That still qualifies as a conspiracy theory.
I'm not sure what the point is in debating whether it qualifies as a conspiracy theory or not. We know he's a republican and he has a history of speaking out of turn, unprofessionally, against Hillary. And now we're mere days away from an extremely high stakes, unprecedented kind of election. I don't think it's at all unreasonable to consider his possible motivations.
I don't think it was at all unreasonable to say the DNC and media was helping Clinton win in the primaries, but I was constantly asked for proof and told it was just a conspiracy theory. Now that the tables are turned, you expect me to believe any claim (and there are definitely a l that Clinton supporters are making without first providing any proof? Double-standard denied.
I'm not sure how this is relevant to our particular discussion as I never spoke with you about the primaries. I gave reasons why we should not regard Comey's random, bizarre grenade thrown into the election generously at this point. You don't have to agree with me.
After months of requiring proof for literally EVERY. SINGLE. CLAIM that was negative about Clinton all throughout the primaries, I just think it would, for once, be fair to ask Clinton supporters for proof of their claims. It has nothing to do with you specifically, I'm just purposely being difficult to emulate how Clinton supporters have been throughout this election. To answer your question though, I do think it is reasonable to believe Comey is being partisan and wants to take Clinton down. I just wish more Clinton supporters were reasonable during the primaries, then we wouldn't really care about Comey or the FBI or even Trump.
But he can't legally because he would be admitting that they were searched illegally.
He wouldn't have sent that bullshit letter if agents had found incriminating stuff. He would have obtained the warrant then got the evidence then recommended charges to doj while also updating congress to the discovery and evidence. At this moment it looks like he is a Boy Scout who went off half cocked.
Liberals are already acting like he drew a picture of him shitting on Hillary's face in the letter when all he was doing was telling congress the case was no longer closed. Can you imagine the shit storm from the left if he had laid out a case against Hillary in a letter to congress?
As someone else said, if he really had the information he would have obtained a warrant, gotten the evidence and recommended charges to DOJ. He's just being a partisan asshole
They did get a warrant. For Weiner's stuff they didn't need a warrant because he gave permission. Your criminal queen is going down. Deal with it.
They got a warrant weeks late, and only after it went public...
Yeah, that's why they were finally able to get it.
No, because he (and the rest of the FBI) are not allowed to look at the emails until they have a warrant which the DOJ has been blocking for weeks now (as mentioned in the letter.) By officially acknowledging that you have any idea about what is in the emails, you lose the ability to use those as evidence.
There's also a incredibly less sexy answer: they're not sure what's in the emails, and they needed to review them. So they told us they were going to do just that, as they thought letting the public know what they were doing was better than operating in the dark, maybe having the info leak, and maybe releasing an even bigger bomb closer to election day. Comey also tries to avoid purjuring himself, since he testified that they were done under oath. In short, the FBI missed some stuff in the initial document collection, so they're trying to cover their asses by reviewing it, and Comey is trying to cover his by letting Congress know they screwed up and are trying to fix it. It hasn't been handled well, but I'm more likely to believe that than this is some vast conspiracy or right wing pressure or that these emails contain a killing blow for Clinton.
Why are you more likely to believe that? Comey showed himself to be partisan when he discussed her in relation to the emails calling her 'careless' which was pretty unprecedented and unprofessional. I honestly don't think Hillary would be publicly demanding for all the information to be released if she knew there was some bad shit in there.
Hillary's demand is a farce, her investigation is in regards to her *careless* mishandling of classified information and she knows the FBI has to sift through all 650k to guarantee that they themselves are not mishandling it, and will not be able to release them. If she didn't want to be called careless, maybe she should have been more careful. Comey's actions had a partisan slant, but it most definitely was not against Clinton who he was shielding in spite of protests from his agency who have been in revolt ever since.
The FBI should not get a pass just because she was careless. It is extremely disturbing that someone in a supposedly non-partisan position could completely change the results of the election based on NO concrete information. Horrifying.
If you didn't want the FBI involved in the election, you shouldn't have nominated a candidate under multiple FBI investigations.
That's not how it works.
Being a nominee doesn't exempt one from laws.
And a nominee having bene under investigation doesn't exempt a supposedly unpartisan department from protocol
I agree; I think there's nothing of substance in the new collection. But I think Comey is trying to cover his ass and not doing a great job of it. Also heard it rumored that the existence of the emails may have leaked outside the FBI forcing his hand. Having that info come out from a source *outside* the FBI would have been a huge issue. I disagree that calling her 'careless' was completely partisan. If we agree that a private server was a bad idea, it is in fact kind of careless to use one. Saying that is a way to say "yeah, she screwed up, but it wasn't criminal and didn't have intent." That's not a scathing partisan indictment to me.
No, it's unprofessional to add his own commentary. He's not supposed to be a character in this story, he's just supposed to read the fucking decision. He made it seem like he was throwing a bone to the repubs; a little snippet they can write over and over again to humiliate her further.
I can see it your way. I just don't think "careless" is some major insult. In any event, it's not enough to make me think Comey is on some partisan crusade. Now, if he's covering up some juicy Trump-Russia evidence like Reid is suggesting, I'm much more likely to believe he has motive.
At some point I think people just do there job instead of acting out this convoluted narrative people here are pushing.
> you can bet the FBI agents that recommended this to Comey, know a little more than the letter leads us to believe. Doubtful. It's a huge pain in the ass to review emails, and if they spent hours doing it before they had a warrant they could fuck up their investigation. It's pretty likely Comey actually has no clue at all what is on the computer besides that it contains Clinton emails. Thus, people are upset.
That's why the internal memo the other day spoke with such confidence?
His memo to actual FBI agents doesn't mention any of that, and echoes how uncertain everything is.
Wait. Are you saying it's necessary to have a public opinion as well as a private opinion?
No he's saying it's necessary to follow the law in what you can and cannot reveal to the public. That's different from being two faced and lying to the public about what you believe. This is being prohibited by law from revealing what you know.
Unless you masturbate in public, yes.
Do I ever!
Say what you want...but Hillary screwed up and put herself in this position. Completely irresponsible. Funny how a few months ago they were singing the praises of Comey. Now they want to burn his house down. With the Clintons, its "here we go again." Just remember - you folks asked for it.
Right - they blame Comey for opening yet another closet door and finding skeletons. Just how many unsecured machines currently contain sensitive information? And what if Weiner were an ordinary guy? Would we never have found out about this? Very disturbing thought that Abedin could lie in a federal investigation and get away with it but for the criminal actions of her husband. Corruption and disrespect for authority of the highest order.
Seriously. Funny how Clinton supporters are attacking him for following protocol. How about not shifting the blame and admitting the fact that your candidate fucked up and these are the consequences?
Protocol is to not comment on ongoing investigations and to not comment on political investigations soon before an election. Comey's being attacked for *breaking* protocol for what seems to be no good reason, since the investigation us unlikely to uncover anything one way or the other before the election is already over.
Bad things are bad unless Democrats do them. The same people who were cursing Bush as the Devil himself for endless war are now jumping on board with Hillary whose stated policies in syria would likely create direct conflict with Russia...never mind she spearheaded the overthrow of Gaddafi which led to the chaos there now and supported the concept of destroying Syria. Hell, even Bush, the Devil himself, is voting for Hillary. Nice company you got there, Dems. At the end of the day, these people are not Americans. They are partisans and their loyalty is not to the country, but to their party. Whatever policy stance their party takes is what stance they will take, even if they held opposing stances just a few short years ago.
Still better than Trump
You're comparing some email scandal to an administration that profited off a war they lied to get into.
The problem with the "we're on the right side of history" argument is that it is an ex-ante defense of the ends justifying the means. Under such an argument any means become acceptable as long as they get applied to the right (or rather, the wrong) sort of people.
>Bad things are bad unless Democrats do them. . Wow. >At the end of the day, these people are not Americans. They are partisans and their loyalty is not to the country, but to their party. *Wow*. >Whatever policy stance their party takes is what stance they will take, even if they held opposing stances just a few short years ago. I guess Trump isn't the only person with that little projection problem.
Wow, those are some pretty good arguments. I love Clinton now!
It's pretty apparent he wasn't arguing for Clinton, merely pointing out the absurdity and hypocrisy in the parent post. A little reading comprehension goes a long way buddy.
Not to mention that Obama has been bombing 7 countries, and hasn't had a single year of *not* bombing anybody.
This is a pretty sweeping generalization. There's a huge contingent of democrats/left leaning folks who don't support Clinton's brand of politics at all, but are forced to vote for her because literally anything would be better than voting for Trump. If anything, you should be mad at Republicans for nominating the SINGLE dumpster fire clown show that could actually lose to Clinton. Hell, at this point even Ben Carson could have slept his way to the White House. Literally anyone would have been better.
Yeah too bad the DNC rigged the primary against Bernie.
But lets be honest here. Trump cant do half the things he says he will do. He doesnt know it yet, but we have this system called "checks and balances". Yes, he's a buffoon. But he cant do it alone. On the other hand, you have a woman well versed at playing the system. She knows how to get around things. How to dodge the fires. Shady as fuck. Ill trust loud and obnoxious narcissist over backroom criminal narcissist anyday.
> Trump can't do half the things he says he will do I didn't think Trump could become the Republican Nominee, and sadly I was wrong. Forgive me for not taking any more chances.
>Bad things are bad unless Democrats do them... these people are not Americans. They are partisans and their loyalty is not to the country, but to their party Self awareness level: 0
i dont think anyone was singing his praises. he held a press conference that outlined everything she did wrong before saying she shouldn't be indicted. that was unprofessional.
Is unprofessional anything that hurts Hillary Clinton's chances?
the FBI should try to be objective. the press conference portrayed clinton in the worst way possible.
Is that because that was the only possible way to portray her?
The FBI has no business discussing whether someone they investigate violated their employer's policy in a press conference. That's not their job.
how about not guilty
What?
That's a jury's job. Not the FBI director's job. His job is to decide whether or not that there is a case to bring to trial. At the time with the information he had, Comey didn't think a trial would go anywhere since there was no proof of malicious intent. Now that there's *new* information relating to the case, the FBI is doing it's job, which is to investigate and see where this shit goes.
Um, investigative organizations don't declare not guilty or guilty.
what?!? "Unprofessional" would have been for the *Obama administration's FBI director* to walk out and say "We're not pressing charges." Then walk off stage. No. Comey had some guts. He explained that he is not acting in a partisan manner. That the investigation was there for very valid reasons. But in the end, there wasnt enough to suggest criminal charges. He did the right thing, even though it chapped every republican's ass. We all needed to hear his rationale.
Lol. Bill and loretta talked about golf, right?
Grandchildren, actually.
Making sure they won't have to visit Grandma at a Federal resort.
Yes, because the USA has a long history of prosecuting civilians that accidentally breach secrecy laws with no intent. Super long. Like all the way back... alllllllll the way back... all the way back to uh.. uh.. never?
So your saying they just talked golf and grandkids?
Absolutely! Just the other day I was emailing some top secret CIA operative names to my cousin Jerry...
> "Unprofessional" would have been for the Obama administration's FBI director to walk out and say "We're not pressing charges." Then walk off stage. Actually, that would be closer to standard protocol. Comey has been all over the place.
Is there a reason the citation to Reid's letter leaves out by far the most relevant point? "In my communications with you and other top officials in the national security community, **it has become clear that you possess explosive information about close ties and coordination between Donald Trump, his top advisers, and the Russian government** - a foreign interest openly hostile to the United States, which Trump praises at every opportunity."
[Trump Admits to Relationship with Putin in 2013](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dn1ZK2kcfQ8)
> Is there a reason the citation to Reid's letter leaves out by far the most relevant point? Because it's the ramblings of a delusional man. Trump is a real estate magnet and reality TV show host. Not exactly the person to be dealing and wheeling in the intricacies of Russian bureaucracy. Unlike the Secretary of State.
is there anyone left whom those wretched Russkies didn't get?
You'd be surprised just how persistently prevalent those *pitiful pinkos* are. I made this little list recently. http://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/07/magazine/the-agency.html http://www.businessinsider.com/russia-internet-trolls-and-donald-trump-2016-7 https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/apr/02/putin-kremlin-inside-russian-troll-house http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/31/world/europe/russia-finland-nato-trolls.html http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2014/08/the-kremlins-troll-army/375932/ http://uproxx.com/news/russia-army-trolls-internet-trump/ http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/08/06/how-russia-dominates-your-twitter-feed-to-promote-lies-and-trump-too.html http://www.politico.com/story/2016/09/donald-trump-twitter-army-228923 https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/09/27/that-viral-image-showing-trumpwon-starting-in-russia-is-probably-fake/
Hillary Clinton - our bravest, most-sniper-fire-dodging, most totally innocent defender against Russia.
https://i.sli.mg/V6CMZy.jpg EDIT: DOWNVOTERS HATE EQUALITY!
[deleted]
A fucking hilarious one, too :D
[Here's a chart](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russian_military_intervention_in_Ukraine_\(2014present\)#/media/File:2014_Russo-ukrainian-conflict_map.svg)
Well, certainly not the guy who has spent the past 18 months [praising](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/politics/trump-calls-for-defense-sequester-to-end/2016/09/07/7dda8548-7513-11e6-be4f-3f42f2e5a49e_story.html?client=safari) the Russian dictator, who chooses to believe Russian propaganda over the conclusions of 17 U.S. military and civilian [intelligence agencies](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/onpolitics/2016/10/21/17-intelligence-agencies-russia-behind-hacking/92514592/), whose key national security advisor illegally [met with](https://www.google.com/amp/www.cnbc.com/amp/2016/09/23/trump-foreign-policy-advisor-reportedly-being-probed-for-ties-to-russia.html?client=safari) sanctioned high-ranking Russian government officials during the campaign (for which he is reportedly being investigated by Comey's FBI), whose former campaign manager spent over a decade being paid to [do the bidding](https://www.google.com/amp/www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/amp/donald-trump-aide-paul-manafort-scrutinized-russian-business-ties-n631241?client=safari) of Putin, and **whose motherfucking [key surrogate](http://www.npr.org/2016/10/12/497698455/whats-in-the-latest-wikileaks-dump-of-clinton-campaign-emails) knew of Russia's next cyber warfare move well in advance of any other American**.
The only prominent person in either the Democratic Party or GOP who praises Putin is Trump. The only prominent politicians (using the term loosely here) who like Putin are Trump and Stein, and their 15 minutes are going to be up soon.
And what's wrong with that? You guys are just pissed that Putin is running circles around your neocon heroes.
Sure, if "Neocons" can be defined as everyone from Elizabeth Warren to Marco Rubio, leaving aside the most rank populists. Putin is exploiting the conspiratard/moron element in American society, but when that fails he's going to be left with a busted economy and an insurgency in Ukraine.
ZOMG! Russians got Comey too!
Huma is a russian plant
If so, why did Hillary arrange her marriage to Carlos Danger... Unless, gasp, Hillary is also a spy for the rooskis! Duh duh dun.
Will there be any situations where "DAE RUSSIANS" isn't going to work for Democrats?
Are you suggesting that the DNC hacks were not directed by Russian intelligence? Because that's always been and remains essentially a given. This news doesn't have anything to do with Russia, and no one's claiming that it does.
Hillary used unsafe email to avoid accountability. this let Russia and anyone steal our intel. don't pretend she cares about safe guarding SAP level info after that.
And never mind that it looks like the emails were acquired via a simple phishing scam... Them sumnabitching Russians got my grandma too.
Wikileaks claims they were not hacks, but rather leaks. Considering the biggest bombshells that Wikileaks has dropped over their history were leaks and not hacks, I'd take them at their word. It's not at all a given since the ones who released the emails say otherwise. In fact, I'd put more stake in Assamge's comments in an interview where he very nearly says by implication that Seth Rich was the leaker and was killed because of it.
Wikileaks is undoubtedly a front for the FSB and the Kremlin now. It may have started with good intentions, but there is no explanation for how their interests could possibly be so exactly aligned at this point.
I guess it's up to you on whether you believe Assange or the United States' intelligence community on this. In a different context I might lean towards Assange, but it seems like he's gone off the deep end in this election, and the US accusing Russia of hacking is a pretty fucking huge deal that I don't think the US would bullshit about lightly.
Except Seth Rich wouldn't have had privileged access to those emails to begin with. He wasn't high ranking in the party and he wasnt an IT worker. So even if he did "leak" them, he must have originally obtained them nefariously, i.e. hacking.
Did they put the emails on Humas computer also. Jesus Christ the FBI is working with the Russians as well? Is anyone not a Russian spy?
Trump is immune to anything that comes out at this point anyways. If being outed as a sexual predator didn't kill his chances literally nothing else will.
Yeah that might be the most crucial aspect of this letter and I hope it gets attention in the news because that's almost an admission that they are investigating Trump's Russia ties. But what if Comey is aware of this and told Congress about the emails because he's also going to release something about Trump's Russian ties next week? That would of course be crazy but then again 2016 has been crazy all year.
ha jesus there is some ate up people in this subreddit, gonna be a rude awakening for them Nov. 8th
Kind like how Roberts didn't fuck over the ACA, so he could later vote to fuck over the voting rights of minorities in southern states.
That would be glorious...I'm more expecting Comey to give Trump a tongue-lashing for speculating on the content of those emails and to describe him as "unfit" to nominate an attorney general.
No, he won't.
Given what we know already, if the FBI does what Hillary and Pence has asked and "explain everything right away, put it all right on the table", what can we expect? One of the biggest points be that Russia was behind Wikileaks, right? And then Trump's denial of that, combined with knowing Putin/never met him, and his taxes/Russian ties/promise to release it if the emails are released... I don't know, it feels like that won't go over very well. He will struggle to avoid looking like a puppet or a coward.
About Russia, if Comey would say something about that before the election it has to be extremely important, like national threat-important because otherwise he would most likely be fired for going rogue three times.
I don't know why more people haven't seen this, so I guess I'll just mention it over and over for the next few days. [Youtube Video: Trump Admits to Relationship with Putin in 2013](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dn1ZK2kcfQ8) In his own fuckin' words.
No puppet, no puppet! ~~I'm~~ You're the puppet!
Is best puppet in world tovarish!
I'm pretty sure you confused Reid's letter with Comey's letter. The excerpt you referenced is from Reid's letter.
No first I'm talking about Reid and then I'm talking about Comey.
No one cares about Russia. No Americans will support a crazy war against Russia.
Omg so easily misdirected
I am woefully uninformed on this. Has anything been found ?
At the time Comey sent his letter about these emails : They knew the emails existed. They knew they were not TO HRC. They knew they were not FROM HRC. They had no clue as to the content, as they hadn't yet received a warrant. They were discovered as part of the probing of Wiener and sexual texts to an underage girl. The only connection to HRC is that the laptop they were on was used also by Wiener's now separated wife.
lol. No it isn't. Did you read any of the Podesta emails? If you did and applied the same logic you just did here then Podesta basically admitted we are currently in a galactic war with ETIs.
Admission? This is Reid just blindly throwing an accusation out there. "Wyldcat, I know you're covering up for Hillary murdering the DNC staffer Seth Rich" Welp, I guess that's basically an admission that you she murdered him!!
lol, I like your example. Although Reid wouldn't have written that if it weren't some truth to it. He knew of course this letter would end up in the media and on the internet. He's also a member of the Intelligence Committee so he would know if there were any investigations regarding this.
Maybe Jason Chaffetz will ask Comey about this. LOL
Hahaha good one! Seriously though, where's the anger from the GOP about Trump's ties to Russia? No one has said anything of importance about Manafort, Carter Page, the GOP platform change regarding Ukraine support etc.
> > Seriously though, where's the anger from the GOP about Trump's ties to Russia? Lol, they aren't any. Why the fuck would they care about something Hillary invented?
His ties to Russia are pretty negligible he was never into politics. Any ties he had involved business. What about Hillarys ties to Qatar and getting a 1.5 million dollar gift from them? Or any of the other Saudi countries that "donate to her"
So it's "pretty negligible" if the *president has business ties to Russia*?
I'd rather have a president that sells a product then one that sells their political power. How is it that Hillary is worth 100 million?
She sold books and gave speeches. It's all in her tax returns, which are publicly available online. (Unlike someone else's tax returns)
I wish someone paid me $250k to talk to them. Its s shame I don't have any political power though, so they wouldn't waste their money on me.
They don't donate "to her" and she doesn't receive compensation from the foundation. Source : decades of her tax returns!
As far as I can tell the FBI doesn't have a warrant for Donald trump Hillary does, that's why I think we're focusing on her.
It's likely Harry Reid is lying. He does that. Like a lot.
Well what is there to talk about? Has anything been substantiated or is it just here-say?
They don't care. As long as they're in charge, the republicans would rule over the Capital Wasteland. They're an entire party of Littlefinger
Democracy is a laddah
You realize that the Democrats have done the exact same thing, right? Both parties are wildly corrupt.
that's most idiotic thing I've ever heard
Comparing Trump to any politician is an absurd lack of comparative analysis. See Collin Powell.
only one of them is obstructionist though. And it's not the Democrats. The republicans are guilty of the most egregious gerrymandering in generations and also of instituting the Hastert Rule in the house, killing bipartisanship there. The Democrats are far from perfect, but they are literally fucking angels compared to the semi-insurrectionist and extreme Republicans
>only one of them is obstructionist though. And it's not the Democrats. The fraud perpetrated by the DNC during the Democratic primary was *absolutely* obstructionism. >The republicans are guilty of the most egregious gerrymandering in generations and also of instituting the Hastert Rule in the house, killing bipartisanship there. Democrats are gerrymandering too, neither side is innocent. Once one party lowers the bar on political ethics in the pursuit of power the other is never far behind. >The Democrats are far from perfect, but they are literally fucking angels compared to the semi-insurrectionist and extreme Republicans And the Republicans feel the same way about Democrats. You're all just puppets, both parties have reverted to pushing tribalism in order to foster hatred of the other. The Democratic party is simply using you to remain in power.
>The fraud perpetrated by the DNC during the Democratic primary was *absolutely* obstructionism. [citation fucking needed]
Go look up any thousands of first hits that come up when you google it. But you won't beleive it. DWS had to literally resign over this but that's all good because she will just got her job title that she had all along, Hillary's campaign manager. Her one job during the primaries was to be unbiased and let the primary voters choose the nominee. She was forced to resign because she did the exact opposite of this.
>[citation fucking needed] [Here's the case if you want to read it](http://jampac.us/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/8-D.E.-8-Amd-Complaint-7-13-16.pdf).
The Democrats have consistently gained a majority of the popular vote but are 40 seats shy in the House of Representatives, the body that is supposed to reflect popular vote. But yeah, sure they are both equally bad.
Both sides do it, Maryland is a good example of Democratic gerrymandering. Republicans have just been doing it more frequently (and more successfully) in recent past. Democratic voters also have another problem, *they gerrymander themselves*. Dense urban areas are a Republican's wet dream, an immense population of largely Democratic voters grouped together in a small geographic area. This clustering of liberal voters puts the Democratic party at an inherent disadvantage.
Theres a lot wrong here, but I just want to point out that Dems are pushing for independent redistricting commissions. That is going to be Obama's "thing" when hes out of office. Thats kind of the opposite of gerrymandering.
Not in Maryland (the most gerrymandered state in the US - solidly Democratic). Gov. Hogan (Republican) has called for a non-partisan redistricting committee - something Democrats oppose.
There was plenty of obstructionism during Bush's second term.
I mean, if they're literally fucking angels, then they're aspirational Sodomites...
I knew someone would point this out and I was honestly looking forward to it :D
You are out of your fucking mind if you think a democratic house would play nice with a republican president.
They played nice enough with Reagan and Bush Senior. The extreme polarization we see in our politics today really began in the '90s with Newt Gingrich instituting the Hastert Rule and engaging in blatant brinkmanship, shutting down the government when he didn't get his way. Fox News was also founded in the mid 1990s by Murdoch to focus the electorate's attention on divisive social issues rather than economic issues and to undermine Clinton's presidency by presenting the far-right view of the news and ratcheting up the prominence and volume of openly biased political commentators like O'Reilly.
Lol. No. the 'both parties are the same' bullshit hasn't been true. That's either a deliberately ignorant statement or a intentional lie.
Member tenpenny tower?
There just planning his impeachment so Pence can be President. They want to be able to pull off how sad and devastated they are about it. Reid's ruining their game plan by pushing prior knowledge. :)
Those of us who cared have already left the GOP.
He might get the heads up again so he can re-unendorse Trump before it happens.
Cause Reid is a liar
Because it's well known at this point that Harry Reid just makes stuff up against his political opposition. The media took a gamble on reporting his Romney tax accusations seriously and got a ton of egg on their faces. They should know better rather than do it again.
So? Trump makes shot up all the time and they still print it.
Reid is a trusted source now? don't people remember how he blatantly lied about Romney's taxes in the last cycle
He's a retiring senator who doesn't need to play politics anymore. His word has a lot of weight.
He has blatantly lied before to sabotage campaigns, his word should have 0 weight. I sincerly hope he is caught doing something illegal in these emails. he is of the same breed as Hillary
I blame house of cards for all this skepticism and "political geniuses"...
....Hahahaha I hope you didn't type that shit for free.
I'm a shill.
So you mean there are no repercussions that he needs to worry about anymore?
Nothing his political opponents can use against him, no. He's no longer running for office.
Hahhahaha, you're pretty funny.
Huff Post said something negative about Trump? VETTED SOURCE, TO THE TOP! The Hill published an article about the FBI reopening the email investigation on Hillary? EDITORIALIZED ARTICLE, AUTO-REMOVED!
Possibly because Reid lied about Romney during the election, bragged about lying about Romney in order to influence the election, and said he would do it again? Forgive me if I don't trust a thing he says this time around.
To think Reid lied about Romney not paying taxes for ten years, yet we have proof Mr. Smart most likely avoided them for almost twice as long and it's no biggie. I suspect the '47%' comment, the magic underwear, the 'binders full of women' (in a world of Trump that comment almost seems quaint now) and driving with Fido on the roof is probably what really sunk his campaign.
Yah Trump followed the law with regards to his taxes. Really not news man.
We don't know if he's followed the law at all. Trump's refusal to release them would indicate otherwise.
I'm sure the IRS will appreciate your careful review of his tax documents.
The american public deserve his tax returns and everybody knows this.
It's the IRS's job to review tax returns. If he'd committed crimes, don't you think they'd have charged him? He's a billionaire, one of a few hundred in the US, and you think the IRS hasn't gone over his returns with a fine-toothed comb, especially considering his political leanings? "Everybody knows this". Right. That's the kind of thing people say when the don't have an argument. So tell me, assuming he has committed no crime, why is the American public entitled to his tax returns? If they're entitled to his, are they entitled to yours?
[deleted]
Returning the favor. I don't love the guy (can't stand him), but you're making a shitty argument, devoid of basic logic.
What you were referring to, him not paying taxes, was him following the law. I'm not speaking on anything not released.
My main point was more how times have changed since Romney. EDIT (and what I remember being his downfall at that time)
None of what you said addresses the fact that Reid lied at all.
"To think Reid lied about Romney..."
Does the Hatch Act apply to Reid?
Only the executive branch
Only to the executive branch.
No.
No, and it's the election's biggest stretch to try and get it to stick to Comey either. The whole thing is just posturing--no one who knows what they're talking about would seriously think Comey is violating the Hatch act; it's just saying *something* because the Democrats are in full blown "oh shit" mode.
The same people making this criticism are the ones running around propping up the O'Keefe video.
Well, the ends justify the means as long as the ends are your ends, but fuck those guys if they were using the same trick and win with it. Fucking childish right? It's like a guy using an aimbot in an FPS that gets rage filled when another aimbotter starts killing him repeatedly.
So you're saying it's fine for you to criticize an untrustworthy source for what it is especially when it's hurting your candidate of choice, but when someone else criticizes an untrustworthy source that happens to match your narrative.. What? It isn't allowed anymore? I don't really see the point of your comment. You seem to be launching blind and dumb accusations saying that anyone that criticizes this source is also supporting the unreliable O'Keefe video. ...
No. I'm just surprised there are people in this world that take O'Keefe videos seriously. I never said those criticizing Reid were wrong.
> No. I'm just surprised there are people in this world that take O'Keefe videos seriously. I never said those criticizing Reid were wrong. You directly stated that everyone that made these criticisms were hypocrites that supported the O'Keefe video. Read your own comment.
Many of the same people. And the people coming out of the woodwork to defend O'Keefe proved my point.
Who cares? It's a *good* criticism.
Just pointing out the hypocrisy. If you want to say Reid has no credibility then I better not catch your ass saying that the DNC pays protesters or whatever Veritas claims. Downvotes don't make what I'm saying untrue.
Difference being that Veritas has video footage which at least provides (SOME) evidence even without the greater context, unlike Reid claiming for Romney that some anonymous source had informed him without any sort of evidence to back up his claim.
See? This is what I mean. You can't claim Veritas should be believed in any way and claim Reid has no credibility. The Veritas guy has gotten people fired and killed, literally destroyed lives, and even been found guilty in a court of law. That's so much less credible than Reid baiting Romney into releasing his tax returns.
Do the mainstream media report Veritas stories? There's no way to confirm what Reid is claiming about russia/trump so maybe that's why they're not reporting it.
Got people fired because they were implicated in video evidence...? You're avoiding the point which is that Reid had nothing to back up his claims then, and he has nothing now.
I was speaking mostly of ACORN and all its employees. Those were lives ruined because he made a fake video so good it got Congress to act. Reids credibility is shot but it's at the very least on part with O' Keefe. But nobody shitting on Reid will admit that, which is ironic as hell.
All I'm saying is that Reid came forward with even a shred of evidence to back up his claim then I'd consider it. Otherwise I may as well claim the same about you and everyone can believe that.
Because of this. http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2012/aug/06/harry-reid/harry-reid-says-anonymous-source-told-him-mitt-rom/ Reid pulled this on Romney and it was total bullshit. Unlike Romney Trump would go after media outlets for slander and libel.
He hasn't gone after the NY Times yet.
Yeah but in this case you have a public official that is making the statement with a history of false malicious statements against political opponents. In this case all you would have to show is that the media source either knew the statement was false or did not follow due diligence to confirm the statement.
Not true- that Reid made the statement is news in and of itself. He's the minority leader in the Senate.
It's when they start to report on what's contained in his Starkey as fact is when they cross the line.
That's a good find
I mean I 100% expect Manafort is under investigation as he didn't register as a foreign agent
But in that example it was an anonymous source, this is saying that he heard it from Comey, which means that a journalist can simply ask Comey and Comey could set it straight and call Reid a liar.
It's the same BS he peddled before, it's always information that he heard from someone else unnamed. In the end it is defamation suit waiting to be filled and in the case of an election you are talking about explosive damages.
But, in this one he named Comey.
And undisclosed intelligence sources. Otherwise he would have just said Comey.
I think he could be saying that to add more authenticity to his claim. But the fact he said that Comey did this says a lot.
No, he's saying that Comey and the other officials told him the same information. This is not the same as the Romney tax thing. That was an accusation against a *candidate* for president, that he hadn't paid taxes. This is an accusation being levelled against the current director of the FBI, for breaking a specific law. Mitt Romney not paying taxes was not against the law, and he wasn't the fricken FBI director.
> which means that a journalist can simply ask Comey and Comey could set it straight and call Reid a liar. Comey is too professional to answer that question. You don't just share FBI investigations with any reporter that asks about them.
But if this is true, a simple yes or no would answer the question.
But "other top officials"!!
Tru, but calling out Comey himself is not making it anonymous.
Right, but he can deny it and Reid will just say the other folks told him without having to source it.
But if he denies it then Reid just says he's lying, unless he completely says there is no investigation.
I want Reid to clarify what he means by "it has become clear". Did Comey say something explicitly about Trump and Russian connections, or is Reid acting like the college freshman saying "it has become clear that lizard people planned 9/11".
Don't be ridiculous--Trump's supporters don't attend college!
If you think Reid is a Trump supporter, I doubt your ability to walk without a helmet.
Typical Trump supporter, not reading what I said. You used an analogy, to quote "the college freshman saying 'it has become clear that lizard people planned 9/11'." The lizard people thing is some alt right BS some of Trump's supporters are into. Hence why I made my comment--it wouldn't be a college freshman, just some random hillbilly.
You said nothing about lizard people being an alt-right thing in your original comment, which might be the single stupidest sentence I've ever written on this site. I didn't misread what you said because you didn't say anything.
> In my communications with **you** and other top officials in the national security community, it has become clear[...] The letter is addressed directly to Comey, therefore the "you" in that sentence refers to him...so yes, Comey said something *explicitly* to Reid regarding Trump and Russian connections.
The language says nothing about the "directness" (sorry I can't think of a better word) of Comey's implicating statement. "It has become clear" means that he said something Reid interpreted as linking Trump to the Russian government. And let's not pretend that Reid is interested in the truth; he's about as untrustworthy as it gets.
I hope at the very least it's somewhere in the middle...
What that means is that in no definitive way is Reid himself commiting to either the belief that this is the case or to having any factual knowledge regarding this. He's not saying it has become clear to him or that he knows because that would make it difficult to walk back this statement or to explain it away as simply being misunderstood if and when he needs to do so.
Bingo
Trump would say he would go after them but not actually do it as usual.
The threat of a lawsuit is usually good enough in most cases.
Not against major publications that have legal teams on retainer already. Only a credible threat can scare them any and they tend to know that anything said about a candidate for president can be printed as long as it is made clear that someone is alleging the statement as opposed to the statement being objectively verified.
Except everyone Trump had threatened to sue this election has stood their ground and he hasn't sued anyone
Well if anyone was actually *guilty* of libel I'm sure he would have sued them.
Don't worry, he's promised to broaden libel laws as president.
Interesting. That's one way Singapore's Lee Kuan Yew maintained dictatorial powers -- libel law that just so happened to provide for decades-long sentences in specific cases, such as when the plaintiff was Lee Kuan Yew.
Seriously? They knew about this for weeks, announced it on Friday, and just now got a warrant?
how dare someone sit on information without telling the public right away.
>how dare someone sit on information without telling the public right away. I'm sorry. Are you mad that your trash candidate is losing ground rapidly to our trash candidate? Or are you mad because the FBI director did the right thing? When electing people that have access to a nuclear arsenal that could wipe out the majority of humanity in under 10 minutes... you're damn right any information that brings into question the integrity of those people is absolutely fair game.
Unfortunately just having emails doesn't bring her integrity into question. They have to see if there's anything damning in those emails first, which they haven't, which is why people are upset that Comey made this suggestive announcement. You can already see everywhere in this thread people saying "He wouldn't have announced it unless he found something huge". Just the announcement, devoid of any new evidence of wrongdoing, is enough to sway opinion against Clinton, which is why he was advised against it.
Her integrity has been in question since the FBI called her incompetent and careless.
It's been in question for way longer than that. But you were talking about new information that brings her integrity into question (more), and that's not what's been announced.
It is though. It calls her judgement into account. Her personal aid was sending Hillary Clinton's email to a Yahoo account that she accessed from a unsecured computer at home - the same computer a suspected solicitor of underage pictures had access to. These were then photocopied for Clinton to read. It was Clinton's official duty to protect any classified information. If any is found she is guilty and so is her aid.
The Department of Justice has been playing a partisan game of trying to stall/squash the investigation including blocking the FBI's request for a warrant. Comey did this to force the DoJ to stop obstructing justice so they could proceed. That's why DoJ is so pissed. They got called out openly for their obstruction.
That's all a load of BS if you don't have a legitimate source on that.
http://www.wsj.com/articles/laptop-may-include-thousands-of-emails-linked-to-hillary-clintons-private-server-1477854957/#livefyre-comment
...why is that important? They already reviewed thousands of emails. Are you saying these are likely to evince an intent to disseminate classified information? That's the threshold you need.
Source? They blocked their request for a warrant?
Not sure there are specific requests for warrants OP is referring to, but this article lays out the DOJ vs FBI battle over Clinton case pretty well: http://on.wsj.com/2e25o0v
I can only read the first paragraph. >To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In I apologize but definitely not making an account.
copy and paste the first paragraph into the Bing search engine and it will find it for you. But, you won't do that because it contains information that will destroy your narrative. So you will just continue to ignore in evidence that makes you feel uncomfortable.
did you use incognito mode? works fine for me.
Ah, screw the WSJ. Usually if you open in incognito you can read all of the article.
Almost as if they wanted the announcement to have maximum political impact
If they wanted maximum political impact they should have released it the day before the election, not two weeks which gives Clinton time to argue away any relevance it has
Early voting is a thing
Haha, that fact that you have to say this is really depressing. Why the fuck is he commenting in /r/politics if he doesn't know about early voting?
Liberals after the first investigation - "OMG LOL LOOK AT MAD REPUBLICANS, WAY TO GO COMEY! GOOD JOB!" Liberals now - "OMG REEEEE COMEY GOT PAID OFF, PUT HIM IN JAIL!" How's it taste? You gonna blame Russia again?
> You gonna blame Russia again? Duh. That's all they've got left. The Russian boogeyman.
You ok man?
Im honestly amazed they didn't wait till Nov 10. That's preceely what Lynch (and the white house) were telling them to do, under enourmous pressure. "no announcements of any sort that may influence elections" well Loretta, guess what: NOT announcing important details on your candidate's criminal investigation also influences the election.
> well Loretta, guess what: NOT announcing important details on your candidate's criminal investigation also influences the election. In a sense. The problem though is the unique way this influences elections: no one can make informed decisions because we cannot know the outcome of the investigation. It may exonerate Clinton (again) or may be damning. We know how people fill in the blanks. This plants a seed and people are, to the pleasure of Republicans everywhere who are actively encouraging it, treating Clinton as guilty until (uh, and after) proven innocent.
I think that seed was planted long ago...
"important" Right - I would like to know if the FBI is investigating Trump's ties to Putin. That seems more important to me than knowing Hillary has a private side and a public side, or that she is as liberal as Sanders. I don't know what new information you expect them to find in these emails that are likely the same exact emails they already reviewed. They are looking to see if classified information was leaked, unintentionally, through lack of secure email. But here, potentially, is Trump with direct relations to Putin, whom he praises every chance he gets, who he says he has a relationship with - don't care about that though?
>well Loretta, guess what: NOT announcing important details on your candidate's criminal investigation also influences the election. I guess in the same way that not stabbing someone impacts their health.
That doesn't equate at all. Plus she did more that omit details, she actively stonewalled the investigation.
More like a doctor not telling the person with pneumonia that they are sick.
The problem is that the doctor is telling the patient that they might be sick, and he'll totally let them know for sure after he does some tests, but if they are sick they'll be dead before the tests are finished.
Well, seeing as the patient is currently hacking up blood, I'm gonna guess at what the results might be.
Yeah, we all are, and the doctor saying "she might not have pneumonia, it might be highly contagious apocalyptic superAIDS... or nothing" doesn't really help anything.
More like someone not telling their pal the person they're about to have sex with has an STD.
>"no announcements of any sort that may influence elections" Yeah, that's called the Hatch Act. And if this ends up being nothing that means Comey will likely face an investigation of his own over this.
Like I have been saying... Comey is not an idiot. You don't rise to the level he has by being an idiot. He has effectively ended his career by doing this. If he is correct and it brings an indictment upon Hillary then he'll retire after the entire situation is wrapped up. If he is wrong and there is no smoking gun or indictable evidence he'll never work in Law Enforcement ever again. He will literally be eaten alive.
We actually have laws about this. If he had real information, go ahead. He's saying there are emails on a computer. That's literally it. They might be identical to what they reviewed already. If that's the case, Comey is pretty close to a violation of the law here (although I doubt much will come of it). Its unprecedented though.
The difference is that his hand may have been forced due to the DOJ being so incredibly protective of HRC. Sending the letter may have been necessary for the warrant.
They finally got it due to public pressure.
There was reporting today that basically explained what happened. DOJ was attempting to block the investigation. Justice approves warrants/grand juries/immunity. Justice was refusing to allow any movement on the Hillary investigation. Comey went to Congress and said "hey, there's new info" and then Justice was unable to stonewall anymore.
If the democrats loose this election, they have no one to blame but themselves. Why did they have to pick such a dishonest and polarising candidate? Republicans are so unpopular and Trump even more so... Its a really sad state of affairs.
*lose
> polarising candidate? Stupid Hillary with her vagina. So polarizing.
I think he was referring to the fact she's [disliked by 59% of registered voters](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/08/31/a-record-number-of-americans-now-dislike-hillary-clinton/) and only 2 out of 10 people find her trustworthy. Definitely the woman card thing though for sure, that's the only reason why people would vote against her.
They could have picked literally anyone else and would have swept the floor with Trump months ago but it was "her turn"
The funny thing is, they didn't pick anything because their own primary was rigged and sadly, most of them aren't smart enough to figure this out on their own... Such is life and death at the hands of the low information voter...
It's always hard for a party to get elected after 8 years. Very rare. The fact that she's doing so well is because of the republican candidate.
Hillary was anointed by the machine. The voters didn't really have a say. I remember when 12 Democrats would be fighting for that job in a non-incumbent year. As for Trump, he is likely the only candidate with the attitude and personality to beat Hillary. Jeb would probably be chased off a cliff by the MSM for once referring to a woman as a girl or something like that.
> Jeb would probably be chased off a cliff by the MSM for once referring to a woman as a girl or something like that. Jesus fucking shit you're right. Nobody could fight the establishment except a totally insane monster with no fucking limits or reason. This is fucked up man.
> Hillary was anointed by the machine. The voters didn't really have a say Yeah, because fuck elections, right? Good grief.
> he is likely the only candidate with the attitude and personality to beat Hillary What makes you think that? He's hated by both moderates and a significant swath of Republicans, and he's losing badly to the second-most-hated major party presidential candidate in modern history. There's overwhelming evidence that his weakness as a candidate is the only reason Clinton even has chance of winning
> If the democrats loose this election, they have no one to blame but themselves. Why did they have to pick such a dishonest and polarising candidate? Ditto, of course, with the Republicans.
Jesus people, If the word had gotten out (and it would have) that the FBI obtained (or even requested) this warrant WITHOUT congressional/public notification the mediastorm would have been as bad, if not worse...Election aside, the FBI had no reason to wait, and in fact a duty to move quickly, to obtain a warrant to continue/complete this investigation in the light of potential new evidence...
The DOJ wouldn't allow them to. That's the scariest part. If our justice system is compromised at the very top we have nothing left.
So atfter this year's shit show, what are the odds we start to see legit other political parties start to crop up on both the left and right?
1%
Greater than 50% I hope
Our country could easy manage 3, even 4 other parties.
you guys remember when they posted a twitter post about a rumor about possible trump tapes from the apprentice? a rumor somehow made it on multiple posts in this sub but hillary being investigated by the FBI is a megathread.
A *deleted* megathread.
No comment, I plead the fifth, I don't recall, next question.
[**cloth wiping intensifies**]
Better headline: *Riley Reid accuses Comey of "Hatch Violation"*
All of the language surrounding these emails is incredibly confusing as a voter, i feel like its all being said in such a way as to be as politically disruptive as possible
Which, of course, is precisely why a lot of people are made at Comey. Writing a letter to congress was the correct thing to do. But the vague way he wrote it is ridiculous.
I've been having my fair share of poking at the topic, but ultimately I'd say it is HIGHLY unlikely they will find anything that could lead to an indictment. They might have likely found relevant evidence to add to their investigation, yes, but it might be evidence supporting Clinton's claims, supporting what the FBI recommended, etc.. They must have scoured through hundreds of devices in their investigation, now they found one more and it's an unknown like the hundreds of devices before. The chance is there, but it's (1) unlikely something that can drastically change their understanding and (2) would take longer than 11 days to conclude. The thing here is the optics: Clinton wants the email investigation to be over because it showcases at best her carelessness/stubborness and at worst it could be some sort of manipulative delaying/dodging of FOIA; the Republicans know this makes a case to voters Clinton cannot have a democratic house/senate majority. So both sides are exploding over the issue and Comey is the focus of their scrutiny. Even the way he scratches his nose will be dissected for info into the case. Sucks to be him.
Let me clear it up for you. They found some new emails. They still don't know if there is anything incriminating in them. They will look into it, although the investigation probably won't be done before the election. That's it. Nothing more, nothing less. You don't need to "read between the lines" or interpret what they "really" mean, *that's it*. The investigation they said was concluded was re-started. That doesn't mean they got something on Hillary. That also doesn't mean they have nothing on Hillary. All it means is that where they said they had nothing before, there is now a question mark. Given that they won't be done in time for the elections, you'll have to adjust your opinion (or not) based on this uncertainty.
> Let me clear it up for you. They found some new emails. Actually, this is more than we know. They found emails. They might be identical to what was reviewed. That's it.
On Friday I saw some saying "they must have found something really incriminating if Comey would send that letter". Many looked at Comey's announcement like a scene out of "Cold Case" when the intrepid investigators found a hidden piece of evidence, the proverbial "bloody knife". What is now clear is they don't know if they found anything new or incriminating at all.
Nypd went through them and forwarded it to the fbi. Nypd wouldn't have sent it up to the fbi in the first place if there was nothing there. FBI just needed the warrant to add the new evidence to the official record of the Clinton case and they have to be careful about what statements they make about and how they handle the evidence before it is in the record
> Nypd wouldn't have sent it up to the fbi in the first place if there was nothing there. If an email had Clinton's address on it, it needed to be sent to the FBI. If you are this ignorant about how investigations work, why do you comment?
Why not? You don't think the NYPD would recognize the FBI should be alerted about emails involving clinton or her aide even if there was nothing major in them? They aren't the ones to decide how important the emails are. They notified the FBI because that's what they're supposed to do.
What we do know is the NYPD found emails which they believed sufficiently enough to be pertinent to the Hillary Clinton case and informed the FBI about, and then the FBI informed Comey about which kind of forced his hand in the name of transparency (due to this case being unprecedented). I won't link wikileak emails but there was an email where Huma specifically replied to someone using Hillary's email. If she used Hillary's email account on Weiner's computer (or any device) then every deleted email is stored on that computer or device as well(via an auto-sync feature on that device's email client) , which is the worse case scenario for Hillary.
> What is now clear is they don't know if they found anything new or incriminating at all. lmao.
My guess is that based on metadata (for which they don't need a warrant) they have the 33k deleted emails. They don't know the content but they know it's something HRC did not want them to see. WSJ is reporting 650k emails in total, so I'm guessing it's HRC's entire in and outbox, 33k included.
I think you're underestimating what they can find out without a warrant.
There is 650,000 of something on there worth investigating, and I'm pretty sure Weiner didn't send his weiner 650,000 times hahaha
Since some of you guys have already been claiming the Russians were behind this, I'm going to go ahead and wildly speculate with an equally absurd conspiracy: the FBI have probably already read some of the emails before they obtained the warrant.
probs from here https://wikileaks.org/
And/or the NYPD read them in the course of their investigation into Weiner and the 15 year old, realized what they had stumbled into and alerted the Feds.
That was Trump saying that and he was bullshitting. He doesn't know wtf he's talking about.
Trump doesn't need to know wtf he's talking about. Comey left his statement completely open and vague, with zero details and no evidence. Comey pulled a "maybe there's something in there, I don't know" play straight from the Trump playbook, and Trump is using it to his full advantage. Can't blame him, really.
But they will.
Believe me, people are saying there's something in the emails. He heard it on the cyber.
What do you think the very first investigators who found these emails saw? Do you think they just found a file called "hillary clinton private server emails" and sent it straight to the fbi and then comey sent out the letter on friday without looking at them either? This is the line of reasoning people bashing the fbi and comey are using.
> What do you think the very first investigators who found these emails saw? Why don't you tell me since you seem to know.
> What do you think the very first investigators who found these emails saw? An email with Hillary's email address on it. What do you think they saw?
This is just "The Turn." We await "The Prestige." What will it be? Place your prediction below...
Perhaps Comey was merely "extremely careless" for his release of information about this investigation. There's recent legal precedent for this, you know...
One of the earlier released emails showed Huma responding to an email using Hillary's private email address, so she must've had full access. If she also had Outlook configured to download and keep all emails local, then there is a complete local copy of all Hillary's emails on that laptop.
Can someone please explain to me Hillary Clinton's and the Dems reaction to all this? 1. The dems want a clear statement from the FBI on the contents of the emails and they want it public. 2. Hillary also wants a clear statement from the FBI on the contents of the emails and they want it public. Hillary already knows what emails she sent/received. So if she has anything to hide, then surely she should be worried about making this public? How stupid would she look if it contained her explicitly saying 'DELETE EVERYTHING BEFORE THE FBI FINDS OUT'. IF (thats a big IF), she did indeed say that at some point, wouldnt her reaction be different than this cavalier approach of "RELEASE IT THE PUBLIC NEED TO KNOW" attitude? They just seemed too confident. Has she anything to lose by saying - "The previous investigation found no evidence of wrong doing bla bla bla and we look forward to clarifying any questions or matters the FBI need to clear with us." It just doesnt make any sense for her to be stating so explicitly to demand their release with immediate effect if indeed she is aware it may contain potential devastating information of law breaking/treason.
And still not one enquiry about the Iraq War and weapons of mass destruction. Funny how we even know the leud sex acts of Bill Clinton and we still don't know the truth about the Iraq War the biggest disaster in the last 20 years.
This place is fucking atrocious. Megathread removed and more anti trump links than the biggest fucking story in the history of American politics. Fuck you r/Clinton and the rest of this cesspool of censorship.
Oh, how this sub switches sides as soon as the tables turn on Hillary. The initial investigation into Hillary's emails were applauded by all on this sub for simply letting her get off clean, as soon as more evidence arises of clear mishandling of classified information, enough to authorize a warrant Comey is now the enemy. https://i.sli.mg/LvHG6W.jpg
Aww, that spin is cute. Clear evidence... from emails that haven't been read and very well might not involve hillary Clinton at all because they are being investigated for a sex scandal unrelated to hillary Clinton. Well who needs a smoking gun when you have the strength of that evidence. It's like, water solid.
You have no fucking clue what the evidence is. Unless you're secretly an FBI agent. Nothing has been released, nothing juicy anyhow. But you better be damn sure if the FBI got a warrant, it's not as miniscule as you have convinced yourself.
Lol. The right has jumped so far off the Clift. They got a warrant because the emails were on the computer of a fucking child pedo. No shit they got a warrant. However. They have no idea if any of these emails even mention hillary Clinton. The FBI director decided for shits and giggles that they might have though and wrote a letter to say they might. Of course, as you pointed out, no one actually knows what they say. That didn't seem to stop the director from implying that though.
>[In their initial review of the laptop](http://www.wsj.com/articles/laptop-may-include-thousands-of-emails-linked-to-hillary-clintons-private-server-1477854957), the metadata showed many messages, apparently in the thousands, that were either sent to or from the private email server at Mrs. Clintons home
They already had a warrant due to the pedo case, this was a different warrant for a different case.
Issuing a warrant just means ground for probable cause and doesn't always invoke criminality.
> Comey, doesn't recommend charges > Based on months of thorough investigation and evidence compilation... > Comey reopens the investigation > Based on... something something anthony weiner dick pic..? > It's official, anyone who doesn't understand why this is a bullshit politicization of the FBI is dumb as hell. Maybe Trump is right, maybe democracy really does suck! > Comey, doesn't recommend charges Based on months of thorough investigation and evidence compilation... >Comey reopens the investigation Based on... something something anthony weiner dick pic..? It's official, anyone who doesn't understand why this is a bullshit politicization of the FBI is dumb as hell. Maybe Trump is right, maybe democracy really does suck! >as soon as more evidence arises of clear mishandling of classified information Wait, what? What are you talking about? What evidence is there of this? Source? Comey came out and said from the beginning that he doesn't know if anything significant is involved or how it relates to HRC. The worst thing about this FBI shit is that people like you have free reign to just make shit up... although I guess it didn't stop any of you before...
I said **more** meaning the clear mishandling was referring to the previous 110 classified emails mishandled by her and that these would possible add to it i admitted that the wording was off, and even if she wasn't indited before it doesn't stop it from being significantly stupid and says a lot about her carelessness. Why would it be bad if he reopened the case anyway? If something happens to come up would you simply not care?
One article is by the editorial board, the other by two op-ed contributors. How is that supposed to represent a change in view exactly?
I like how you think everyone here has the same opinion and same voice, just because of what you see is the highest upvoted. When will the people of Reddit realize there are millions of users, and thousands of differing opinions, and a news story isn't simply black or white.
The breaking of big news is the only time normal people come to this sub.
Except there's no evidence of wrongdoing. That's the problem: the FBI is implying something is up, even though they haven't even looked at anything yet.
How is them implying a bad thing? Getting a warrant means they have grounds for one, so its more than just
So true and so sad. It's why I barely read reddit anymore and why I rarely read any major news media. It's flat out pathetic how people act.
Comey went from doing it by the book and not letting politics interfere with the investigation to a commie spy in just a few months.
ahhahahaha, dem's find anyway to blame Russians.
Those white people! Just a few remaining white countries left, gotta be them that's the most evil! Can't be any of these other ethnicities that dominate the planet!
FBI has one job: investigate and make recommendations to the DOJ. If he just would have said "don't recommend charges" to the DOJ and nothing else like they do for EVERY CASE THEY'VE EVER DONE, there wouldn't be a problem. When he says "no comment" about investigations involving Trump yet he got on his soapbox and called her careless and had a Press Conference and hearing and now this ILLEGAL letter, then we have a problem.
> applauded by all on this sub This is just a false statement.
What evidence has arose of clear mishandling? Did you seriously not read the fucking article?
Maybe **clear** was bad wording I admit, but it is **clear** that an investigation should undergo. Do you think she should be exempt from the law and any criminal acts committed should just be forgotten?
What in the everloving fuck are you talking about. Obviously, no, I don't think anyone should be exempt from the law. I don't have any idea why you would even ask that considering all I did was point out you have absolutely zero support in your assertion that this Weiner story shows any kind of mishandling.
You also have zero support that there is nothing, as said before unless you are an FBI agent working on the case its not safe to assume any position, and I realize now that my original statement could of used without "clear" but Comey is not the enemy if he is doing his job.
I swear to God, if one more of you Trump supporters say "Well there's no proof their ISNT anything yeah got ya there" I'm going to kill myself. The most childish way to avoid admitting you don't have shit. I also don't have any proof that you aren't a transvestite prostitute, so we can talk like it's true right?
Name one criminal act committed. We'll wait for your arm-chair legal analysis.....
It's almost as if those are opinion articles. Huh.
Indeed, furthering my point that the opinion of Comey changed very quickly when it wasn't for Hillary anymore. Now instead investigating a potential criminal act committed by Hillary is somehow bad of him, even if you are a Hillary supporter you should want to know the truth about someone you support.
Do you think the left acts as a unified intelligence, or are we allowed to have different opinions?
Of course not, I was Generalizing, something this sub is good at. The popular consensus was that Comey was good and now he is not after starting another warranted investigation. Can you honestly tell me that he should just forget about a potential criminal act committed by Hillary? Why should she be exempt from the law?
The image above is irrelevant if you acknowledge that the opinion papers of newspapers represent different people and different opinions. Regardless, he did something new and major. That can change opinons. We shouldn't ignore it, but a poorly written letter 11 days before the election is bound to cause a stir and he's done nothing to clarify. That's not acceptable.
Maybe clarifying could be detrimental to the case?
That's a possibility, but considering that the reports are the FBI doesn't know a thing and the facts were already on the table during his previous, also unconventional, press conference, I don't think that's the issue. I'd also argue the burden of proof is on Comey to prove his actions were warranted.
After completion of the investigation? I would agree then, but not beforehand. My wonder is where sources that say the FBI has no clue are finding this information. I feel the media and congress know little in comparison to what Comey likely does. I lost faith in Comey in July, so I don't know what to believe.
It's 11 days before the election. If you're going to make it public, give them all the information you can. Otherwise, wait. And the FBI literally just sought the warrent to see what's in there. They don't know anything, or they broke the law to find out.
No one's mad that he's investigating, they're mad that he's seemingly politicizing it by making an announcement just before the election, with no actual useful information to announce. Many people are assuming that he's found some evidence of wrongdoing, when he's said no such thing. This was a very predictable result of his unnecessary announcement, which is why it was a bad idea.
Any dissenting opinions on the left get crushed. Look at what they did to Bernie delegates if you don't believe it. The talking heads all sing to the same tune, so much so that they have dinner at John Podesta's house.
You realize there are multiple people in the world?
Hurr durr. Reddit has no hivemind. Right guys? Guys?
Your comments are so cringy. You're trying way too hard to be edgy. It's creepy.
I don't get why people on reddit feel the need to say these kinds of things. You're just being a jerk for the sake of it.. You can, you know, try and make a meaningful response to his comments. You going for the low blow suggests you don't have it in you.
What type of meaningful response do you think >Hurr durr. Reddit has no hivemind. Right guys? Guys? deserves, or can even have? Doesn't exactly sound like an invite to discuss the effects of limited demographics creating an echo chamber on social media, and what the ramifications that can have on our political discourse.
Obviously immature, but no reason to be a dick about it. There are more refined ways to combat immaturity than character degradation.
Does all immaturity deserve to be combated calmly and rationally?
Boggles my mind, I can not for the life of me understand how Clinton supporters back their candidate IRREGARDLESS OF EVIDENCE POINTING TO THE CONTRARY.. logic and rationality are thrown out of the window.
That's because there is no actual evidence here. This is about an investigation, not about any findings.
Just say regardless next time
Your use of "irregardless" doesn't surprise me in the slightest.
Evidence and allegations are two different things. With as much evidence and scrutiny as HRC is facing, why hasn't she been charged? Adding. Here's the logic I'm using: Either you choose to believe that there is some elaborate, coordinated conspiracy involving the DOJ, FBI, and the media designed to protect her.. Or... There really isn't anything there Given the amount of scrutiny and resources that have been spent attempting to uncover criminal wrongdoing, I think that the latter is simply a more likely scenario.
You think this shit goes at warp speed?
Declaring guilt while hoping for proof is not a worthwhile exercise.
I already know she mishandled the emails. Everybody already knows that. She got out of the charges because the FBI couldn't prove that she meant to mishandle them. I can't declare her guilt since I'm not on a jury but I can think that she is guilty because I have a brain and I don't trust her in the slightest. You can't trust someone who openly admits to having a public and private opinion because having a public and private agenda with your political career isn't much of a leap.
Are you more qualified to determine guilt than the Federal Bureau of Investigation? Because that's essentially what you are stating.
People can have opinions on whether or not a politician is guilty when they fuck up. I don't have all the facts and I've already acknowledged that I'm not the one who is determining her guilt. I THINK she's guilty of mishandling those emails with malicious intent. And I have my own reasons and experiences for thinking that way. The FBI doesn't determine guilt either, they build a case and take it to court and that's what the jury decides. The people who investigated the case can carry the opinion that she is either guilty or innocent as well but they don't make the declaration to make it true in the eyes of the law. That's what the jury is for. What's a jury made up of you ask? 12 normal ass people who haven't yet decided whether or not the person on trial is guilty! I'd be an awful addition to the jury on the bench because I already have an extreme bias against Hillary. Stop reading too much into what I'm saying and just read what I'm saying.
It's REGARDLESS...
How did the opinion change? Those articles are by different people.
I do want to know the truth. You made a good point there. But as much as I am willing to admit I was wrong for defending her if anything nefarious is revealed, I wish that the republicans would be as willing to accept it if it comes out that there's nothing there. As messed up as the DNC admittedly is, the republicans aren't going to get ahead until they stop tripping over their feet chasing conspiracies around in circles.
It doesn't matter if there is anything to these emails or not, the House GOP will have Articles of Impeachment ready for Clinton as soon as she steps inside the White House. Come 2017, there will be an impeachment. We need to start bracing for that. The whole federal government may shut down.
Whether there's anything in the emails or not, the republicans want to shut down the federal government. Could have just found a better candidate.
The DNC needs to pressure Clinton to step down and let Tim Kaine or Biden go to the top of the ticket. If not, the House GOP will turn 2017 into a circus.
Why though? The only people concerned with this email bullshit are the people who aren't going to vote for her anyway.
This email bullshit that is actually important and relevant
Sooo important! Second only to Benghazi and what Bill Clinton did 30 years ago!
The House GOP has drafted Articles of Impeachment. They care apparently. Clinton is radioactive, she is going to set off a constitutional crisis.
For what it's worth, most people weren't *pants-shittingly terrified* of a Trump presidency the first time around.
Yea... I was one of those voting for sanders and hoping she got the indictment... Now I'm basically screaming saying HOW THE FUCK IS THIS SO CLOSE. TRUMP IS A FUCKING BRAIN DEAD Orangutan. I could run against Trump simply because I'm not him and I have literally 0 credentials to be a president
But you're not a total fucking criminal which puts you lightyears ahead of hillary.
We get it. You believe shit you read online. Do you even know what law you think Hillary broke?
[here ya go](https://i.sli.mg/ziUVah.png) with sources
I know. It is sad how the media and politicians have created such a hysteria around a Trump presidency. Let me calm you down, nothing worse will happen under trump than has happened with any other president. It is just so sad that the same party who thought Iraq and Afghanistan were the worst wars in history is ready to defend to the death a candidate who wants to start wars with Syria and Russia.
Couldn't of said it better.
The initial investigation ended when this sub was still batshit over Sanders. This sub *hated* Comey when the initial investigation concluded.
Exactly. I remember everyone being super pissed off when Comey decided not to go after Hillary Clinton. But now that time has passed and the election is going to either be Trump or Hillary, people's biases are getting in the way more because they fear a Trump presidency and would rather have Hillary despite her corruption and scandals (assuming these scandals are true). So yeah I'm sure some people, especially the media, have a double standard for these investigations, but Reddit seems, more or less, to have flip flopped on their views since the first FBI investigation ended. Not that it makes it any better.
Turns out it was batshit to put Clinton against Trump with her infinite baggage. Bernie would be up by 30 points on that buffoon. The Democrats had a layup when Trump won the nomination and they sent the crippled kid out there to take the shot.
But then the /r/hillaryclinton takeover of /r/politics happened.
It's almost as if a subreddit full of people who wanted the most liberal candidate possible to be president still wants the most liberal candidate possible to be president.
> Most liberal candidate possible That would be Jill Stein. The same Jill Stein who was crucified here for opposing nuclear power something which uncle Bernie would agree wholeheartedly with.
Okay, most liberal candidate with any reasonable chance of being elected president, then.
Or the known fact that people are paid to spew pro hillary content.
How many people do you honestly think get paid to support her?
If I had 8 hours, I wonder how many different social media accounts I could create and comments I could post as just one person.
Id say a few thousand. But those few thousand can create several different social media accounts for the same site.
Literally anybody who doesn't agree with and push their desired agenda.
$6 million budget, paying Indian nationals 2 scheckles a day to shitpost 10,000 words worth of Trump hate speech, copypastas and white noise to blind anyone to real information. I'm guessing some mid-sized Indian town of 7,000,000 people is supported by Control the Record and seeing a huge economic boon because of it.
Not that surprising. Sanders lost, and he was politically closest to Clinton, so most of his supporters went to Clinton.
No, we didn't and nobody is buying that lie.
I supported Sanders and I went to Clinton almost immediately.
That's fine and dandy, but that is not what caused the massive shift in tone on this subreddit.
Yeah it is. You think Clinton is paying for shills, I presume? Do you really think that it's more plausible that Clinton's campaign would pay the gobs of money necessary to get thousands of people with years old accounts to post comments on her behalf and then upvote them, rather than just the sub moving on from supporting someone they completely agreed with to someone that they mostly agreed with?
You're clueless.
> You think Clinton is paying for shills, I presume? You can't be serious... Jesus dude.
Well I mean every single poll disagrees with you so idk.
They don't actually. Are you still referring to that bullshit debunked "90% of Sanders supporters will vote Clinton" line?
Is this the sanders equivalent of the what polls moment? Am I witnessing history?
This is reality. Clinton shit all over Sanders supporters when she appointed DWS to her campaign. She will feel the effects election day.
Let's make a gold bet. If she wins you buy me a month o gold, and a loss will net you a month of gold.
It maybe most Bernie supporters realized Trump is farther from Bernie than Hillary will ever be and stuck around to vote for her, the safer bet that anything resembling the policies they like could get passed. It's like some people can't accept that these things are nuanced and have to validate their disbelief with cries of "YOU'RE ALL CLEARLY SHILLS!!!"
Huh, I wonder if some event happened that may have led to more liberal members of the site backing Clinton.
[removed]
It was swift. It was calculated. You could even call it a blitzkrieg.
"We came, we saw, 'r/politics' died"
Six million. It wasn't one million dollars, it's been shown to have cost over $6million as of a few weeks ago.
Isn't that just a correction? Of the record?
I was typing this and then read your comment. You have the Trump supporters that bailed very early on followed by the pro-Sanders + anti-Clinton folks. That leaves the pro-Clinton/undecided folks to be pandered to by the Hillary takeover. R/Politics has clearly changed its overall opinions and subsequent themes. Anyone who hasn't noticed this and has been here the entire time is oblivious.
Comey "I don't wanna say anything definitive here... but it's ON."
Does anyone think Comey keeps his job? I mean it's likely that Obama fires him on November 9th, but even if he stayed he would be fired by Trump for not pursuing charges against Clinton the first time and fired by Clinton for waking this sleeping dog. He's now a dangerous man with nothing left to lose.
I'd be very surprised to see Comey fired soon over this, at least by Obama. The optics of firing an FBI director after he investigated your chosen replacement are incredibly bad. More likely, if any of this "Hatch violation" gains traction he will end up resigning. Otherwise the President (current or future) would wait until the next time there is any sort of FBI scandal and throw him under the bus then.
I believe FBI Anon said Comey will probably step down after all this.
I don't think he can be fired. IIRC, the Comey's position is appointed for ten years (someone please correct me if I've got that wrong) which would mean that he's got the job for another seven years unless he choses to resign.
These emails were probably faked by the Russians.
Are you denying russian involvement in US elections 2016?
I am outright stating that it was the Russians. We have to stop them.
Yes, unless you have something to share.
What proof do you need? If you don't trust intelligence agencies of US, then what about private cyber security companies? http://www.defenseone.com/technology/2016/07/how-putin-weaponized-wikileaks-influence-election-american-president/130163/ Here's crowdstrike giving their evidence on the russian ties to these hacks: https://www.crowdstrike.com/blog/bears-midst-intrusion-democratic-national-committee/ Here's Fidelis, another cybersecurity company confirming what crowdstrike found. http://www.threatgeek.com/2016/06/dnc_update.html [Here's FireEye, another private cyber security company view on this issue, which first told about russian hacks of US institutions](https://www2.fireeye.com/rs/848-DID-242/images/rpt-apt29-hammertoss.pdf) Link to pdf
First link: >We suspect the Russian government sponsors the group because of the organizations it targets and the data it steals. Like Russians are the only ones interested in DNC emails. The second links says two seperate, unrelated people hacked them and says their nicknames. I have hard time believing that they logged into DNC mail accounts with those. >In addition to CrowdStrike, several other security firms have analyzed and published findings on malware samples that were similar and in some cases nearly identical to those used in the DNC incident. Many of these firms attributed the malware to Russian APT groups. It just says that similiar malware was used before by russians, and I believe they are quite big in hacking industry. Last link: > In early 2015, we came across stealthy malwarewhich we call HAMMERTOSSfrom an advanced persistent threat group that we **suspect** the Russian government sponsors So they **Suspect** that the creator of malware was sponsored by Russia, nothing else.
>Like Russians are the only ones interested in DNC emails. What other people are there then with similar tools and support? You are basically apologizing russian involvement here. >The second links says two seperate, unrelated people hacked them and says their nicknames. I have hard time believing that they logged into DNC mail accounts with those. Why do you find it hard to believe? I gave you actual proof for claims of russian involvement in US elections. And your response to this is *I don't believe it* ? Come on dude. >It just says that similiar malware was used before by russians, and I believe they are quite big in hacking industry. LOL. So you are saying you **Still** don't believe in Russia's involvement despite all this, and brazenly saying other people might have used russia's tools. Bravo on that mental gymnastics dude. >So they Suspect that the creator of malware was sponsored by Russia, nothing else. And cherry on top, you are being semantic here to hide your unwillingness to back up your claims you believe in. The trifecta of anti intellectualism. A literal 14 page document detailing their findings, and here you are literally quoting from the first paragraph of that document and discrediting the whole document. We are done here.
The 1980s are now calling to ask for their foreign policy back because the Cold Wars been over for 20 years. - Obama, 2012
I am sure nothing could have possibly happened between then and now that has affected the US relationship with Russia
In which case, Obama (and his SoS, Hillary Clinton) had poor judgement and foresight. Romney saw it coming. Why didn't she?
2012, he said that to Romney
Shit, that's what I meant. My B
Romney stated that Russia was our biggest geopolitical adversary. Not terrorists, not iran, not NK. Not china. Russia.
Yes and now Obama and Clinton are using similar rhetoric because it is politically convenient to do so. You don't think it's strange how Democrats and the main stream media, who have obvious ties with each other, are beginning to beat the war drums in regards to Russia? Right when their biggest political opponent appears to be somewhat buddy buddy with them?
Tensions have been rising with Russia for years, well before Trump's ties with them were on the main stage. They invaded Georgia and Ukraine, and then started supporting Assad; those were the war drums and they've been years in the making.
The Russians are supporting Assad? Why? Is he a bad guy like Saddam?
I'm guessing by your user name that you don't care, but, that's not a bad comparison, in terms of using chemicals warfare against his own citizens.
He has WMDs?
Yes, I thought it was really odd at the time. For the record, the Pentagon says that the biggest geopolitical threat to the USA is our unsustainable economy. We have been maxing out our credit card since 9/11. When interest rates climb to 8%, many people will have no food to eat, because that's 2 trillion per year ($10,000 per taxpayer) per year additional we need to come up with. Short term, we are fine, but in 20 years, we may not be.
I dont see terrorists, Iran, or NK being accused of "rigging" our elections
Hahahahahaha! I am so happy about this getting discovered and being on the top of /r/politics :)
They had to throw in the Hatch Act as a red herring. Reid is a joke and it's not the first time he's lied to influence an election.
so in other words, get ready for president kaine
Yes, Hillary should resign from the race now.
I'm very ok with that idea.
[Kane/LEGION 2016:Peace Through Power](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-HGHpJLJXhsY/UfZ7ajyrdWI/AAAAAAAAAOI/m7RFxAxug2I/s1600/Kain.jpg)
>"it has become clear that you possess explosive information about close ties and coordination" between Trump and his advisers and the Russian government. Is this muddying the waters by Reid or are there credible ties?
The latter appears so. * [WaPo](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/josh-rogin/wp/2016/08/10/another-trump-adviser-with-deep-ties-to-russia/?utm_term=.a51dd0491d09) * [Politico](http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/09/the-mystery-of-trumps-man-in-moscow-214283) * [The Hill](http://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/presidential-races/297507-report-trump-adviser-being-investigated-for-ties-to) * [Politifact](http://www.politifact.com/global-news/article/2016/may/02/paul-manafort-donald-trumps-top-adviser-and-his-ti/) * [Time](http://time.com/4433880/donald-trump-ties-to-russia/)
After this election I'm not sure I trust a single one of those news sources. Maybe Time.
These better? * [Washington Free Beacon](http://freebeacon.com/issues/lawsuit-trump-aide-ukraine/) * [Breitbart](http://www.breitbart.com/news/trump-advisers-waged-covert-influence-campaign/) * [Fox News Radio](http://radio.foxnews.com/2016/08/09/lt-col-ralph-peters-ret-trump-has-advisors-who-worked-directly-for-the-russian-government-on-propaganda-in-moscow/) * [Conservative Review](https://www.conservativereview.com/commentary/2016/03/meet-trumps-pro-kremlin-russia-policy-advisor) * [Alternet](http://www.alternet.org/election-2016/intelligence-agencies-weary-trump-advisers-putin-ties)
Lol. Not at all.
Interesting. When you posted: >Is this muddying the waters by Reid or are there credible ties? you communicated a willingness to have your question answered. Now I'm sensing that your mind's made up and you're not interested in new information that challenges your viewpoint.
What? Did you reply to the wrong person?
Not at all. Russian links to Trump's campaign have been established. You may not want to hear about it, but there it is.
I'm very confused as to what you're replying to. I'm not a Trump supporter. I never brought up Russia. I really am quite confused.
>In my communications with you and other top officials in the national security community, it has become clear that you possess explosive information about close ties and coordination between Donald Trump, his top advisors, and the Russian government - a foreign interest openly hostile to the United States, which Trump praises at every opportunity, he said. I wrote to you months ago calling for this information to be released to the public...and yet, you continue to resist calls to inform the public of this critical information. Troll harder.
None of them have lied, they just have bias. Everyone has bias though so whatever. Seeking out multiple sourcers is the only way around that regardless of your source.
I'm well aware. This election has just been horrific for the legitimacy of news sites. So much damage has been done to respectable news sites.
Honestly i dont trust anyone any less than i used to. I believe that fundamentally everyone is trying to do their best in the press. Customers demand news faster than facts can be verified, so a lot of wierd stuff happens.
I think the press is trying to sway the election on both sides of the aisle. Stories are ignored or presented as it benefits the bias of the press. That at least has been my experience this cycle.
Its less the bias of the press, and more whether people think things are newsworthy. Not every single statement made by everyone ever is newsworthy. Edit: They're not trying to sway elections, the jorunalists of the various establishments have differing opinions on what is news or not. For example, Sanders got no news coverage because he had 1 message, was never in the lead, and never really changed his message. Nothing he did was different from anything previously he did so there was nothing really to report. "Sanders gives stump speech for the 11th time, nothing has changed!"
Did you forget to link Vox and HuffPo?
One of Trump's campaign dudes has a six degrees of Bacon connection to some money guy in Ukraine who did some shit. The dude resigned. No one cared. There was a poll that showed 70% of voters were less likely to support Hillary after learning that as Secretary of State she signed off on a deal that gave Russia control of a lot of uranium in the USA. Ever since then she's tried comedically hard to present herself as super anti Russia. It is just theatrics to shore up her numbers against a critical weakness.
Reid is a liar. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/09/15/harry-reid-lied-about-mitt-romneys-taxes-hes-still-not-sorry/
And good at exposing liars.
Podesta is the one that actually owns shares of companies in russia that deal with uranium through a shell company owned by his daughter. But, sure, Trump is the one with 'shady' connections to Russia. edit: You can't correct the truth.
rofl more infowarez bs. Trump is putin's little puppet. Pretty sure he made that clear during the final debate.
It's ok that the podesta group lobbies for Saudi Arabia though, because they hardly commit any war crimes or fund any terrorists. They're not as bad as Isis because they have lobbyists. Like the podesta group!
Ahhh try Podesta emails
Why do I see this post at the top of r/all for a split second before it disappears?
Have to make sure the rccrd doesn't get made wrong.
maybe people on /r/all down voted it because they dont want it on the feed?
No I meant that it is there for a split second then disappears every time I refresh the page.
That's RES doing its thing
I assumed as much but I've only ever noticed it and can't replicate it for this one article during that one time frame.
It's because you have it blocked I think
I do but I've only ever noticed it and can't replicate it for this one article during that one time frame.
did you filter out t_d or other subreddits? if so, they'll appear at the beginning then disappear once the filter kicks in a split second later. i did this with t_d and thought there was something fishy going on because all i saw was a post on /all "disappearing," only to realize it my own dumb ass filtering it out.
I do but I've only ever noticed it and can't replicate it for this one article during that one time frame.
A similar story is at the top of /r/all right now but posted in The_Donald, maybe you saw that?
Maybe, but this is the first time I've seen an article flash on my screen. And I have r/TheDonald blocked. So idk.
Hope your bubble is comfortable
I hope yours is as well. It's kind of cute that you neckbeards really believe that your little racist community isn't just a complete echo chamber of misplaced anger for white dudes who want everything handed to them because life is hard now that most people have an equal shot. Grow up. You're one of those fringe movements that pop up every election, then we get to ridicule you for years to come. You'll be posting in blunderyears soon.
> I hope yours is as well. That's an ignorant statement. /u/MetagameTitan was saying /u/micro102 is in a bubble because not only do they not visit a sub that holds a different opinion, they actually have it blocked entirely. /u/MetagameTitan on the other hand doesn't have /r/politics blocked, in fact here is even here participating in the comments section. That shows he hasn't blindly blocked out a sub just because he disagrees with it, thus he isn't living in his own bubble like the person he was responding to.
That's the equivalent of someone saying someone who watches CNN but not Alex Jones is in a bubble. You can call that a bubble but the phrase loses it's meaning at that point. Some sources are biased yet credible, some are r/circlejerk dressed up with a toupee and kept alive by spam and vote bots.
How is the community racist, I'm not an active member but would love to hear your incite into it.
There's someone on /r/EnoughTrumpSpam that's been cataloguing them, under the heading "The_Donald is a hate group". You can search it there. Here are some highlights, racism, Islamophobia, homophobia, transphobia, take your pick: https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughTrumpSpam/comments/4yc2a8/a_few_well_placed_bullets_would_reduce_the_strain/ https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughTrumpSpam/comments/53785a/blm_activists_should_be_shot_dead_those_wastes_of/ https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughTrumpSpam/comments/53syf7/there_is_no_cure_for_islam_you_have_to_kill_them/ https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughTrumpSpam/comments/53yrsp/that_guy_looks_like_a_fucking_monkey_not_worthy/ https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughTrumpSpam/comments/54w4w7/but_didnt_carry_it_out_hes_a_wussymuslim_so_look/ https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughTrumpSpam/comments/557p7a/seems_like_a_clear_case_for_execution_send_the/ https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughTrumpSpam/comments/56gyws/it_really_aint_a_wise_move_to_bite_the_hand_that/ https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughTrumpSpam/comments/57rgbg/her_michelle_obamas_proportions_are_more_manly/ https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughTrumpSpam/comments/58a80f/get_the_fking_fire_hoses_out_and_blast_those/ https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughTrumpSpam/comments/58n1sv/he_shot_up_a_bunch_of_people_hes_muslim_to_me_the/ https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughTrumpSpam/comments/5a61lm/and_those_are_the_ones_that_complain_the_most/ https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughTrumpSpam/comments/52e6rd/thugs_punks_illegals_and_criminals_i_wish_we/ https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughTrumpSpam/comments/52qaya/there_really_is_nothing_to_do_about_muslims_but/ https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughTrumpSpam/comments/50gz4i/the_scrip_for_islamanoma_is_radiation_mr_trump/ https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughTrumpSpam/comments/50aydh/i_cant_wait_for_trump_to_purge_the_nation_of/ https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughTrumpSpam/comments/4zzd6u/dont_worry_theyll_get_rid_of_those_pesky/
Hate speech is banned per the sub rules so I'm sure they were removed. Also I've seen many people cheering for bad things to happen to trump on this sub. It goes both ways.
Many of them were upvoted. You're welcome to make whatever excuses you'd like, they asked for examples and I provided them
There are members of that sub that are racist, I agree. But I would argue that most of them aren't. Just my 2 cents.
It's really hard to take that seriously when you are talking about r/TheDonald. The amount of times I've attempted to check the source on that subreddit and have found it to be a fabrication/trolling/lie/misleading/etc. is too high. At some point a group is responsible for it's reputation and I don't mind the people who think r/TheDonald is a good source of information thinking I'm in a bubble, as I can't take them seriously either.
If you have the_donald blocked how do you get election news on reddit then? Also i find it funny how you're allowed to talk about thedonald all you want here but the admins decided to ban anyone mentioning this sub over there
Weird!
If it's blocked through RES, reddit loads first so you see the default front page. Then RES does a sweep to filter out anything you have blocked. So if you're quick you can see filtered subreddits.
That's what I thought too, but I've never noticed it and can't replicate it. It was just for this one article at one point in time.
I guess the judge that signed the warrant works for Russia too!
The warrant was denied by the DOJ originally. Some say that's why he went so public - to force their hand.
Nice strawman.
You're referring to all the times the Democrats blame their problems on Russia I hope. However, if you're calling the comment above yours a strawman, then I'm afraid you don't know what that word even means.
Do you know what the straw-man logical fallacy is?
How is it a strawman when Clinton herself is blaming her issues on Russia? aka strawman. You should probably read a book, not the DNC playbook on projection.
thats not a strawman, thats at best poisoning the well (which its still not)
The US government is accusing Russia of hacking. It's not a partisan issue.
Who is this strawman? Yet another agent of the Russians?
The Australian living in the UK at the Ecudorian Embassay has morphed into a Russian!
Hackers!!!
A Democrat taking issue with this? *no way*!
It's one of the whiniest things I've ever heard. Still trying to blamed everything on Russia.
And speaking of which, seeing Biden get told it was really from Weiner was great.
It really was. You could see his thought process and how he wants to share how he really feels, but knows he's only supposed to say crazy shit about Republicans and beating them up behind the gym.
Comey is a scumbag. Huma and Hillary honestly thought the FBI would never find these! It's comey's fault, if he was impartial he would ignore the 650,000 emails.
Quick. Get the hot sauce!!
More disturbing is the active stonewalling by the DOJ (probably negotiated on the tarmac). The letter to congress may have been the last resort necessary to actually get the warrant.
Comey is obviously a sexist, he has no business reading 650,000 emails about mi abuela's yoga!
Agreed. Hillary is above the law, who does he think he is?
She is woman she deserves some respect
It's her turn REEEEE!!!
It is her turn, please ignore all disqualifying information.
It's like he doesn't know that it's her turn!
What the hell? This shouldn't be here. This makes Hillary ook bad. There should be an anti Trump post on the front page.
Keep whining.
FBI was praised by Hillary supporters for doing the right thing, and now they're hated for doing the right thing. /smh
As a long time Bernie Sander supporter, I wanted to be done with the "damn emails" a long time ago. I did not take kindly to Comey recommending that Hillary never have access to classified materials again, and I certainly do not take kindly to the Republicans forcing him to violate the Hatch Act now. The guy is a spineless fuck who supports monsters but doesn't have the balls to be one himself.
Jesus dude, take it down a notch. Most of these guys just want to go home to their families and not be persecuted by the apparently venomous divide in this country. The director of the FBI is a spineless fuck? He has five children, and still went after massive crime families. If you're half the man he is, you have a lot to be proud of.
> crime families Yeah, your not biased at all. That's like ... calling the Trumps or the Clintons a crime family is a laugh.
[According to Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Comey), he "helped prosecute the Gambino crime family." I don't think OP was referring to Clintons or Trumps.
Interesting. I didn't realize that because I assumed the OP would talk about relevant things. This is the best example of a Hatch Act violation in years. It doesn't matter who did it, it's a crime.
[deleted]
You perfectly illustrated his point...
[deleted]
They were. Clinton lied....again. http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/oct/30/hillary-clinton/clinton-wrongly-says-fbi-director-sent-letter-abou/ Edit: did you downvote me for proving what you just said is bullshit? Holy shit that's pathetic.
Comey did notify both Rep. and Dems in Congress. When you have to resort to lies you know your argument is shit! https://youtu.be/SerVgV-duGY
Clearly you don't know how criminal investigations work.
[deleted]
> what part of criminal investigations mandate notifying Congressional Republicans prior to Congressional Democrats Well that was a lie. When you have to resort to lies you know your argument is shit! https://youtu.be/SerVgV-duGY But maybe Russia did all this? They hacked the FBI into putting emails on Hillary's server, which then get laundered a Weiner device, which then uh...
I believe democrats were included in the letter. Clinton was wrong (misspoke, untruthed , mis-remembered....lied)
If they got a warrant, they had to have probable cause. This undermines the narrative that they have no idea what the emails are. If they had no idea, they would not have been able to get a warrant. They obviously found something, and that's what motivated both Comey's letter to Congress and the probable cause for this warrant.
It doesn't mean they know what they are.. they have probable cause of what? That they may be something incriminating weiner?
No, to get probable cause for this investigation, it would have to be related to Clinton. Probable cause does not mean they have proof of anything however, and I struggle to imagine anything damning they could have gotten from the laptop related to that case *before* they got the warrant.
The letter was oddly worded to open wild conjecture when exactly what you note is more truthful.
I'm pretty sure the mere existence of HRC emails on an unsanctioned machine is enough to get a warrant for that machine. That being said, they can tell from the metadata that they have new information. Or they know exactly what they have and now they need to make it legitimate evidence.
Weiners wife was her aide during her time at the state department. These are her emails. That's enough probable cause for a warrant which they need to even look at the emails. Also even if there are emails from Clinton on this computer that means nothing fort Clinton. At most wieners wife gets arrested out of all this.
The probable cause would be that it could be pertinent to the investigation.
no, it's just that they found a new device that wasn't turned over. What happened is Huma is not very tech savy so when she used outlook on the computer to print the documents(as stated in her testimony), outlook downloads a complete cache of her inbox to the hard drive(most people don't realize email clients do that)
Teenager me would never belive that adult me would see a Clinton commit crimes and have the entire democrat party shill for them anyway in 2016.
What crimes? And is that your opinion or the opinion of Federal prosecutors?
Stfu shill, noone likes you
And nobody like pedophile supporters like trumps terrorists.
Oh wow, another Hillary bully. What a surprise.
So I'm a bully because trump thugs don't like reality? Go back to your safe space to worship the pedophile.
When you scream pedophile and terrorist so quick, you just give people a reason to assume you have no actual views. You are a typical bully, you are supporting a corrupt war criminal who is going to fail amazingly. NYPD has been leaking info like a fucking fire hose. There is more than enough in the 650,000 emails (and whatever you call blackberry messages) to end this, and all the complaining is not going to stop it.
So his supporters weren't going to slaughter immigrants after the election in Kansas? Until trump thugs prove otherwise I assume they are all terrorists with no worth to humanity.
> slaughter immigrants First I've heard of this. Being an immigrant, should I self slaughter? **edit:** OMFG, those militia guys are fucking stupid assholes. I renounce all of that kind of bullshit, exactly the opposite of Hillary's [lack of renouncing of her LGBT killing supporters...](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CvuM4DiUsAAXOrj.jpg:large)
Jesus.
What? Hate the truth?
No, I love the truth. I do, however, hate the "literally any means justify our intended ends" alinsky types. And the 24 hour news cycle. Nothing to do about that though, unless the six multinational conglomerates agree to adhere to one side of the political spectrum, and become essentially a propaganda arm of one side of the political spectrum. They do like to donate to Hilldog though. Huh. Weird.
And you think you can g3t the truth from trump supporters. They hate the truth and reality.
...That's the opposite of what I said....
> And nobody like pedophile supporters like trumps terrorists. **REDDITOR FOR THREE (3) Days** Go see a shrink
>Go see a shrink Go see a ~~shrink~~ IT specialist I think it's a bot.
He didn't call them all Nazis... that's a start... (check his profile, he is a redditor for 3 days)
In the eighties and early nineties, when one would say "Hey, here are parallels between the Democrat party and the National Socialist Party, our media runs stories about how too freely the word Nazi is thrown around. Some art student makes a GWB urinal, that's fine, if you make an Obama urinal you're a racist. If you make a bidet that's an upside down hillary with food coloring you're somehow sexist all of a sudden. Where am I going with this? I don't know. But I'm drinking and mad.
Ironic considering Hillary's best friend married a pedophile and Bill's best friend was Jeffrey Epstein, proven sex trafficking pedophile. Bill spent many, many hours aboard the private plane where the child abuse would take place. But I'm sure you posted a ton condemning that. Couldn't be that you give pedophiles a pass if they vote the same way you do.
I mean trump was also his best friend and sent time on that plane he'll he even called him a terrific person.
Don't hit them with actual logic! They can't take it
Rekt
After 8 years of Bill, I can't say I'm at all surprised.
Teenager me wouldn't believe I'd be seeing round 2 of said event as an adult.
Impossible you can't use information you aren't legally allowed to look at without a warrant to get a warrant.
Parallel construction.
They can look at the metadata baby, if they see x amount of E-mails from Hillary's illegal server than they get a warrant. Or if Captain Wiener is spilling his guts to stay out of jail and telling what's in his life insurance folder.
Well now you're making up a narrative but of course it could be a possibility. They could probably get warrant just because they noticed they are related to Abedin or Clinton in some way so they relate to the investigation.
> This undermines the narrative that they have no idea what the emails are. If they had no idea, they would not have been able to get a warrant. They obviously found something, and that's what motivated both Comey's letter to Congress and the probable cause for this warrant. I'm sorry, are you saying because they found something illegal, they have cause? Normally, it's the other way around, they have reason to suspect something (probable cause) and then they get a warrant and then they find something. What could they have found without a warrant that is damning?
>What could they have found without a warrant that is damning? That Huma had access to Hillary's emails, among other classified material. And used these devices to access classified material illegally.
I would expect no less from the leadership that rigged the Democratic Primary.
I double your sentiments but I don't think it was the DNC as much as it was CNN not giving Bernie the attention that his momentum warranted. They definitely were jumping the gun on Hillary being the nominee before the primaries started
Didn't happen.
Yes, it did. There's video proof of DNC-allied operatives admitting and bragging to mass election fraud. Foval even says they've been doing it for 50 years. I'm sure you know what I'm taking about, so I'm not going to waste my time linking the video. Inb4 But O'Keefe has a history of doctoring videos!
Um... those videos were about the GOP primary.
Um... One can infer that if they've been doing it for 50 years, they did it for the Democratic primary. Are you in denial as well?
Why do you say that? (honestly interested in hearing this perspective)
5 top DNC officials resigned because of Wikileaks.
Lol sure thing champ.
But I gave $27 and spammed my Facebook feed for months... No way could she have won without rigging it.
Whether he had a chance of winning or not... at the end of the day, they still rigged it.
Anthony Weiner rigged the DNC primary?
Unsure...if...satire...??
I miss Bernie Sanders.
Wow! A non-anti-trump post!
It kind of is, since it is a part od a right-wing conspiracy.
And anti Hilary posts are not being deleted.... Yet...
The Mods are asleep! Shhhhhhhhhh.
Harry Reid, another corrupt scumbag trying to cover for the golden girl.
He's literally the only reason she did well in Nevada, getting Casino workers time off to vote (aka vote for her).
What evidence is there to support Reid's claim that Comey is in violation of the Hatch act? Reading Comey's letter it seems very clear that he sent the letter because he felt obligated to amend his previous sworn testimony: >"we don't ordinarily tell Congress about ongoing investigations, but here I feel an obligation to do so given that I testified repeatedly in recent months that our investigation was completed." That seems cut and dry,after telling congress 'We are not investigating HRC", if it is later found out that the FBI is investigating HRC that could cause all sorts of shit (perjury charges, contempt of congress, etc) Where is the proof of an intent to influence the election for one candidate?
What would be worse. Telling congress now, when the new evidence comes out or to wait until after the election and then have to explain why you withheld evidence in an investigation to influence an election. The right and proper thing to do is release when obtained.
No it's not. The "right and proper" thing to do would be not to comment publicly on ongoing investigations, especially so close to an election; a policy that the FBI and DOJ firmly adhered to before J. Edgar Comey decided that decades of precedent don't apply to him.
I agree. I don't think they should comment on the evidence or it's impact until they have fully investigated and understand everything. But a two paragraph memo amending a previous sworn testimony indicating nothing more than the investigation is being reopened seems entirely appropriate. I really don't understand the frenzy about this from either side, it says nothing other then there is more to investigate.
The Democrat complaint is a statement like Comey's would obviously cause a frenzy regardless of merit, and you seem to recognize this as the plain truth of the present situation. Comey tossed a live grenade into this election while policy, precedent, the law, and his superiors said not to.
So basically the Hatch Act is a get/stay out of jail free card for politicians? Isn't it in the Government's best interest to ensure that a criminal is not allowed to hold the single most powerful office on the planet if that person is/may be criminally culpable of a federal offense? Not sure how that is "Protecting" Trump. If there is evidence of a crime that Trump may have/has committed, I am all for an investigation to be started immediately.
This is so far down the fucking line from being an actual attempt to investigate Clinton for criminal activity its genuinely hilarious. Comey himself said that there's no conceivable way Clinton EVER did anything illegal WITH the emails, only things that would have pushed her to resign as Sec State. The only conceivable way this isn't a Hatch Act violation is if Weiner's laptop had email evidence of Clinton personally committing and entirely different crime of a totally felonious nature.
If it shows any mails that were not given up the first time, that is a criminally culpable item. Lying to the FBI and being caught on it, doesn't matter if the tape showing the offence was found at 7-11 in their bathroom cam.
It's on the books that all information was handed over, that's final, even if it's not true. Fucked up, but that's how it is. You can't reopen an investigation that far.
You can when it was never officially closed. It's not like this is double jeopardy - she was never formally charged so she's not been found guilty/innocent of anything.
> found guilty/innocent The law cannot find you innocent of anything.
True (though iirc there is something similar to being 'declared innocent' in law though I forget the specificness of it - and I think it requires for you to have been found guilty of a thing). Regardless, the FBI can keep investigating all it wants - it doesn't harm their chances of building the case for successful prosecution I'd argue.
It's a violation when it makes Dems look bad.
No. The Hatch Act basically says the following departments (and people in those departments) can't play partisan politics. Doesn't matter what side.
Right. And when it makes the Dems look bad, they claim it's a violation.
>f there is evidence of a crime that Trump may have/has committed, I am all for an investigation to be started immediately. I think the reason people are citing the Hatch Act is because the investigation *didn't* start immediately. The FBI has had this stuff for a while, but Comey didn't announce anything until it was very close to the election. It might also be worth noting that this was announced on a Friday, so Comey wouldn't be questioned until Monday. Now there won't be time to figure out what's going on until after the election is held. If there's something there, that's bad for Republicans. If there's nothing there, they can cry wolf through election night. Dems are mad because it seems the the e-mails in question aren't really connected to Hilary. That means Comey might be trying to make Hilary to influence the election, which would be in violation of the Hatchet Act Tl;dr: Dems are crying because the timing seems too convenient, not cause they don't want Hilary investigated.
Do you have an actual timeline?
The comments here are insane. It is absolutely the right thing to do for Comey to release this info now. It directly affects the election if one candidate might be criminally charged in office. The public has a right to be informed when electing a candidate. The accusation that it targets one candidate is true, but she has potentially committed crimes. That's arguing that she is above the law and isn't suspect to the same legal scrutiny as any other public official.
It doesn't matter because Obama can pardon at any time, regardless of election results. That would nullify all of this completely! And the fact that it does interfere with the election is a direct violation of the Hatch Act. Do you have any more great points to make?
Generally a pardon comes with the agreement that your political career is over.
So you would be okay with Obama giving her a pardon?
If there was traction to the legal case after the election? Yes. People were more or less ok with it when Ford pardoned Nixon. He could even do what Ford did and give a more-or-less blanket pardon for her and everyone at the State Department for the Benghazi and email server whatever and take the wind completely out the GOP sails. Not an advocation. Just a statement of reality.
If he were to do that. A very large part of the country would feel so betrayed by the government that you would start seeing rebellion. Up to and including armed actions a terrorists acts. That one act would solidify the idea of an american oligarchy to most people. Frankly the idea of it even scares me.
People were not OK with Ford pardoning Nixon and it may have cost him his reelection.
> The comments here are insane. It is absolutely the right thing to do for Comey to release this info now. It directly affects the election if one candidate might be criminally charged in office. The public has a right to be informed when electing a candidate. Comey's statement tells us absolutely nothing about the likelihood of a presidential candidate being criminally charged. We have no idea what the emails are, much less whether they are significant. We have no idea if they have anything to do with Clinton. *And neither, apparently, did Comey when he made the statement.* In fact, he admitted it outright in the statement and in his separate email to FBI employees. The FBI had not looked at a single email when Comey made his statement, because it didn't have a warrant. For all we know, the emails are Huma's personal emails, and/or they are duplicates of what the FBI has already reviewed. > The accusation that it targets one candidate is true, but she has potentially committed crimes. That's arguing that she is above the law and isn't suspect to the same legal scrutiny as any other public official. Nobody is saying Clinton should be above the law. What people are saying is that the longstanding DOJ policy of not commenting on an investigation until it is completed is there for a good reason. There are also some that question whether Comey's statement violated the Hatch Act (i.e., was an illegal interference with the election). Here's a counter-example. We know the FBI is investigating foreign hacking related to this election. It's widely suspected that the FBI is investigating Russia for these hacks. It's also possible that this investigation extends to people who now or previously worked in the Trump campaign, who appear to have ties to the Russian government and foreknowledge of the hacked material before it was publicly released. So, is the FBI investigating Trump and/or the Trump campaign? We don't know. Because being investigated is not the same thing as being charged with a crime, much less convicted, and announcing that Trump is being investigated would have a huge (and unfair) impact on the election. The same reasoning applies here.
>We have no idea if they have anything to do with Clinton. Yes, we do. That's why she became involved. It's pretty much the only reason actually. NYPD was handling the Weiner case. If they didn't find anything relevant, why would it get passed up to the FBI? Edit: also Hatch Act doesn't apply here he didn't comment he simply reopened to look at new evidence. Doesn't make sense that he somehow both commented on an investigation AND there's no evidence... if there's no evidence what did comment on?
>> We have no idea if they have anything to do with Clinton. > Yes, we do. That's why she became involved. It's pretty much the only reason actually. My point is that we have no idea based on what Comey said in his email. Some newspapers are reporting that none of the emails are from Clinton. The assumption is that Comey wouldn't send the letter unless he knew there was something significant in the emailsexcept he admitted in his letter to Congress that he *didn't* know if the emails were significant. > NYPD was handling the Weiner case. If they didn't find anything relevant, why would it get passed up to the FBI? My understanding is that there were simultaneous investigations into Weiner by both state and federal authorities (which is what happens when you have a controversial and high-profile former politician accused of underage sex crimes). Nobody has said the info originated with the NYPD, to my knowledge. > Edit: also Hatch Act doesn't apply here he didn't comment he simply reopened to look at new evidence. Doesn't make sense that he somehow both commented on an investigation AND there's no evidence... if there's no evidence what did comment on? The potential Hatch violation was not re-activating the investigation, it was the public disclosure less than two weeks from the election. There was no evidence insofar as (at least as of yesterday) nobody in the FBI had reviewed the emails, so nobody knew if they were "evidence" of anything.
You didn't refute anything I said, you just repeated your false conclusions. I have nothing to respond to here. I could literally reply with the same comment and address everything you just said.
I'm not sure that's true, but let me try again. As I understand it, your argument is that Clinton is involved because Comey wouldn't have done this unless Clinton was involved. That's just begging the question. (And I'm delighted to have an opportunity to use this term properly.) I also pointed out that I think you are factually incorrect in stating that the NYPD "passed it up" to the FBI. On the last point, it's possible to comment on an investigation that has turned up no evidence. Again, it would be begging the question to argue that the investigation must has turned up evidence or else there would be no investigation to comment on.
I can see where you'd think that it is begging the question, and it would be true if it were the onus of an investigation, but this is a reopening of an existing investigation. Hillary is actually playing it by begging the question actually, by saying "Yes! Release the emails already!" it reinforces the idea that if you have done nothing wrong, you have nothing to hide. In reality, she has hidden and destroyed TENS OF THOUSANDS of emails, which suggests she is guilty. The reason this appears legitimate and not a political move, and why we can assume it has some substance, is because it ties to an existing investigation. That means the scope, or parameters, of what is being investigated is already restricted to this specific incident with the emails. Additionally, it has already been established and confirmed that of the 650k emails, there exists relevant information. The part we don't know, which you're trying to say somehow invalidates the entirety of the investigation, is -how much- and -to what degree- it impacts the potential prosecution. To give you an example, I can pick up an opaque bag and have a pretty good idea if there's rocks inside. How? Well, there's a weight I'd expect to be consistent with what I know rocks feel like. I'd assess if the bag's fullness matched that weight, or if it was too full for how light it was, or if it was far too heavy for something that felt very small inside. I'd shake it. Does it sound like rocks? Does it move like rocks would? I'd ask, does the person that own this bag have a relationship with someone proven to carry rocks in her own private bags? You also said "as far as you know" the NYPD didn't initially uncover the new emails. I'm on mobile so I haven't been able to provide sources and may update this later, but honestly it's a pretty minor point to keep pointing out. If it was the state or federal investigators that found it, what difference does that make? I only mentioned it because it was rumored that NYPD had threatened to publicize the evidence themselves to pressure FBI into reopening the investigation.
>So, is the FBI investigating Trump and/or the Trump campaign. We don't know. Because being investigated is not the same thing as being charged with a crime, much less convicted, and announcing that Trump is being investigated would have a huge (and unfair) impact on the election. The same reasoning applies here. No, we do know. Trump is not under investigation and literally everyone knows that. If you have a problem with Hillary being investigated and that being public knowledge, maybe you should assign some blame to Hillary and not people whose job it is to prosecute the people who break the law.
> Trump is not under investigation and literally everyone knows that. What is your basis for saying that Trump is not under investigation? You realize that criminal investigations generally are not a matter of public knowledge, right?
It's called burden of proof. I can't prove something doesn't exist, the same way you can't prove there is not a magic teapot floating in orbit above Earth. If you are asserting Trump is under investigation then you need something to back that up. You're admitting you have no proof when you say "we don't know if...", you're just insinuating the connection through some BS guise of "speculation"
Except I didn't assert that Trump was under investigation. I said *we don't know* if Trump is under investigation, because DOJ policy is that you don't disclose ongoing investigations. I'm not trying to insinuate that an investigation is happening; I'm talking about the secrecy that surrounds such things. *You* are the one who is making the declarative statements that "Trump is not under investigation and literally everyone knows that." If you can't support your statement, you shouldn't make it.
Again, you can't prove something doesn't exist, it's literally impossible. And again yes, you are implying that such an investigation exists. Your argument is essentially: "Maybe he is and we don't know it!" If that's the case, it would be on YOU to show any inkling of proof that we would believe that's true but so far you've produced nothing but speculation on the language around the subject.
You are misunderstanding my point, which is that investigations generally are, and should be, secret.
I think you're under investigation. Prove you're not. I refuse to talk to someone that's under investigation. OH WAIT. That would be absurd to disqualify someone off an unknowable accusation...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3KSYhVKVbI
Nobody on this sub can claim Comey is trying to help Trump become president when he's the main player who did not incriminate Clinton during the original investigation when we all know her acts break federal law, State Dept. protocol, and are treasonous.
Treasonus? Hyperbole.
https://youtu.be/yl4RQg4Qfg0 Watch the video and then tell me it's not.
I definitely hear what you're saying in that Comey didn't recommend charges. That he was helping Hillary is one interpretation of that move... It didn't make much sense to me at the time as he is a Republican. But in light of this, does that still make sense? Another way to read it is that the FBI literally couldn't twist the word of the law enough to build a case that they thought might stick. Comey called her irresponsible but never really called her afoul of the law. Which sounds like an excuse. There aren't laws governing email servers, and our government's powers are typically of an enumerated sort instead of a broad decree. I'd be thrilled to see specific regulation of this sort of thing in the future. A third interpretation is that Comey is trying to play all sides in this game. Also worth considering!
I really appreciate the objective, calm response; however, I have to disagree with you - Clinton's actions with the private email server are everything BUT legal. Foreign operatives no doubt got their hands on classified material, threatening American foreign policy, national security, American interests, etc. This guy does a real good job of explaining how damning her original investigation truly is. It baffles me how the FBI let her get away with it some months ago. https://youtu.be/yl4RQg4Qfg0
Hillary really screwed the democratic voters.
Because I'm seeing unequal treatment for the worst candidates in my lifetime. They are both shit and it seems criticism falls only one way because one is worse than the other but that doesn't clear the other for a free seat as leader of the free world. It's a bullshit idea that we should forego criticism of Hillary in fear it sways the election. She is horrible she isn't progressive and giving her a pass isn't helping our future.
I think the DOJ was refusing to sign a warrant until after the election and the FBI made a move to force her into it by making the investigation public.
I think you're wrong.
The DOJ doesn't sign a warrant. The FBI petitions a federal court for a warrant which is signed by a judge.
They don't need a warrant. Weiner told them they can access the files weeks ago when they took his computer for a separate case against him
She's guilty as fuck... And the fact that she's talking about using the FBI? Give me a break just go to jail already
Wait, how do you know " she's guilty as fuck" ? You should probably have them what we plebs call "evidence" to FBI if you are so sure about it.
Thats because fat mcfattyfat love Authortainsim like their Daddy Don.
She has already broken the law by having classified information on a private server.
I know, the trial for that was amazin...oh, wait.
Just wait and see
It's never gonna happy fatty mc fat face, qq :( your little witch hunt is almost over.
Remind me November 9th!
[Here's the FBI tip line](https://www.fbi.gov/tips), since you obviously have some bombshell info they don't
It's ok to be made I would be also if I backed such a crooked candidate
It's funny because I didn't vote for her
Guilty of WHAT?
Obstruction of justice, at the very least.
650.000 EMAILS?!
Multiple accounts. But that is still a crazy number to sort through. I bet they have systems in place to sort out just the Metadata containing ones To/from Huma and or Hillary.
So there's a warrant now. Ok, so now how will her campaign complain about this?
do you know what a warrant is?
Do you know what sarcasm is?
Yes, and I'm failing to see the sarcasm in your statement.
Sounds like user error
It must be more Russian fabrications.
Basically that Comey sent a letter he had to have suspected would be leaked before they even got a warrant?
Wasn't looking for an actual answer, that was more rhetorical sarcasm, but good to know.
Withholding the information would've been a Hatch Act violation too since that's favoring the Democrat party over the Republicans. It's a lose-lose.
Democrat**ic**. I don't know why people get this wrong so often. Drives me bonkers.
That's absolutely false.
Should have just indicated in July and left it in the hands of the grand jury.
That's absolutely no one's interpretation of the Act.
It's u/zechi's, which is just as relevant as yours. The biggest push among politicians has been by Reid, who is SO CLEARLY unbiased.
The FBI is under no legal obligation to inform Congress of an ongoing investigation. So Comey NOT sending Congress a letter would have actually been the normal procedure.
And not mishandling Top Secret information is also not normal procedure. According to the law, it actually means that the person who mishandled the classified material is no longer able to work for the government.
What's your point?
Comey was under obligation himself.
Legally, no he wasn't.
Yes he was. He testified *under oath* that the investigation was completed, and with this possible new evidence, he had to notify Congress that he would be amending his testimony as a result of this. Congress released the letter, not Comey.
I don't know how that works, but I've never heard of needing to keep your testimony up to date if your knowledge of your own testimony changed. Is there actually something compelling him to update his testimony?
He expressed that he would update congress if anything changed.
Cool, thanks for the response.
Let me break it down for you. The FBI isn't legally obligated to inform Congress about an investigation. Congress has the right to request hearings and ask questions. Comey was summoned and answered questions. You are coming to a conclusion based off conjecture and no evidence. Did a congressman specifically ask Comey if he would notify Congress if the FBI found any further evidence in the investigation? Did Comey answer yes, in reply? Show me. Comey even states in his letter to FBI employees that he wasn't legally bound to keep Congress informed and that it wasn't normal procedure but he was doing so to be open and honest. His boss, the Attorney General, even advised him not to write the letter.
Except that Comey had already testified under oath that he would notify congress in the event he has new information.
And, thus, violating that oath would be perjury.
I don't think that's true, but I'm not a lawyer. At worst, contempt. But in this case, it seems as though he doesn't really know that he's got anything significant.
The Hatch Act? Officials influencing elections? You mean when the president of the United States endorses a criminal suspect for office and flies her around on his taxpayer-funded jet?
The funny thing is that it's not news at all. People will still vote for her because it's the logical choice apparently.
Be careful with that "criminal" rhetoric, your own guy is about to stand on trial for raping a child.
If that charge could hold water it would be the only thing the media would be talking about. It would have been a debate question if it held water. Donald's run would have been over if that charge held water.
If the amount of media coverage equals the likelyhood that it's true (which is just completely absurd) then by that standard Trump really does sexually assault women, including the growing list who are coming out against him + the many teen pageant contestants. Kind of a bad standard to set for yourself, bro.
It doesn't equal the likelihood it is true. Learn to fucking spell and your statements might carry some weight. It's curious that Trump had his own TV show and was a friend of the media until he ran for president. You'd think these women would've come out before when he was richer to make their claim.
You don't know the "proper" way for a rape victim to react. Rape is a grossly underreported crime. If my rapist is one step close to being the POTUS, I think it would lit a fire up my ass to go out there and tell people what that scumbag did to me before he is able to lead this country. I think you understand the sentiment.
Shhh. Truth doesn't play well round here.
Ignorance seems to be playing just fine with you. The Hatch Act does not apply to the president. Nice try though.
Hatch Act doesn't apply to the president.
I dislike Trump and GOP completely and can't imagine a less suitable or more dangerous president (though Clinton comes close). I think the man and his supporters are a big joke, but unfortunately also symptoms of a disease that is caused by broken politics and broken education. But this is the result of the corruption of the political system in america and all of you devoted Hillary fans are to blame. Clinton should never have been the democratic candidate, but due to her connections and money and favours and this ugly net that casts its shadow over all over Washington and the US, you have ended up with a candidate that does shady and illegal stuff like freakin hiding a private email server in her basement while she's secr. of state, while she not only runs a foundation, but also has intimate family connections that privately accept huge amounts of money from domestic and foreign stakeholders in her decisions. That's insane! Comey did not do what he just did, if he wasn't sure that the emails were more than just duplicates and that they were more than just private exchanges. Okay, he's not that stupid, not that reckless. He knew the implications of his decision, he knew how it would reflect on him and the agency and he knew the possible consequences. FBI has had access to the material for weeks. They were not legally entitled to examine it in any kind of depth, but I can guarantee you that the agents have made informal reviews of portions of the material, enough to know that there is something here, enough to take the formal steps required and enough for Comey to decide he needs to inform Congress. It appears to be established according to reputable news organizations like CNN, that emails deleted from Clinton's server prior to handover to the FBI have been identified in the Weiner laptop. That in itself is very bad. The current version of the democratic party and the corruption that it thrives on is to blame for this, not Comey, not the FBI. Hillary wouldn't get close to this position in any other democratic country with a functioning press (look at the countries at the top of press freedom and democracy lists), where you lose your job as a high profile politician if you attempt to set up a fence without permission or accept one paid vacation from a stakeholder. My point is that if the US is ever going to have robust, democratic institutions, you need to accept that the problem exists and that the media begins to treat for what it is, a disease that has to be killed off, not the subject of dark humour in private settings. Yes, the timing is horrible, but you only have yourself to blame. Trump is a more embarrassing, less suitable, less skilled president than Hillary, but if you and the media continue fighting for Hillary without a modicum of self inspection and even sense of outrage, then you're legitimizing corruption in the name of the progressive movement and that is not only heartbreaking and intellectually and morally corrupt, but it could also hurt the struggle for progressive ideas in a deeper way for the decades to come than the short term pain of a failed Trump presidency.
Right. Vote for a someone who flips on everything and lies to the people over and over again. Sounds like a logical choice. Just because she has experience doesn't mean she's qualified to be POTUS. Also she's under investigation again. Shady isn't it? But vote for her because she more "qualified"
Paragraphs man, paragraphs.
I know everyone's hung up on Comey's timing, but he was really in a no-win situation. His choice to inform the public now sucks for Clinton, but can you imagine the backlash if they were aware of potential new evidence and didn't announce it until after the election?
He was briefed multiple times. He knows the evidence was significant enough to issue the letter. You don't become director of the FBI by being dumb. Comey knows they are going to demand answers, and when Dems beg him to pull the lid off the pot (like they are), they can't put it back on. I don't think Comey is partisan; I think he's a guy who likes to catch people who break the law, and he's good at it.
Welp thats the 2016 election folks, paraphrasing John Oliver, if you guys look up towards the sky, way up high even pass the stars you will see rock bottom.
I don't care.
I'm more surprised these fucking geezers send that many fucking emails. I seriously can't imagine sending that many emails... makes no sense to me.
It was in a folder titled "Life Insurance". Chances are he had access to Huma's accounts and collected the emails.
You'd probably be surprised if you were to look at how many emails you receive a year. Now multiple this by 100X when you have a group/government environment where everyone is always copied on everyone else's emails.
Seems strange compared to normal work but management of anything is almost entirely communication. Politics even more so.
In before this thread is deleted. Pls add me to screenshot
MAYBE DO THIS DURING PRIMARIES INSTEAD OF WHEN THERE IS NO CHANCE AT TELLING HILLARY TO FUCK HERSELF? Bernie could effortlessly have stepped in if Hillary got indicted 4 months ago or something.
every damn time I see crap like this from HRC or Trump, I think of how Bernie got screwed out of the ticket by his OWN party and now we have this shit show. If he was running, I would have happily voted for him like I did in the primaries. DNC and HRC are responsible for this crap. People who are going to vote for Trump are going to vote for him regardless. The rest of us have to now deal with the reality that we have to vote for a crook or really look hard for any redeeming qualities in Trump.
Vote for trump, he's going to lower your taxes to 15%
Voting for neither is a real option for me.
Except he is not a Democrat, he is an independent
How did the Russians get to Weiner's laptop?
I have been hearing these rumors and innuendos for years now, and I have yet to see any malfeasance or intent to harm the Nation or treasonous activities. What I have seen is a really crappy home PC set up as a server using some weak protocols and ineffective subsystems and patchwork routines that are quite dated. If it actually takes a Federal Gov four years to find and detain criminals that have hurt the National Interests, then we are all doomed because they fail to catch and convict or exonerate, miserably. She never signed, and was never asked to sign, [Form-OF109](http://c7.nrostatic.com/sites/default/files/OF-109%20form.pdf) wich just means that FBI is an overpaid security team with more failings than successes.
Reid accuses Comey of Hatch Act violation and encourages him to do it again by releasing more information Scratching my head
But.. Have they get CNN permission tho? Because it's **illegal** to posses this stolen documents. It's different for the media. So, everything FBI need to learn about this, they have to learn it from CNN, especially from Chris Cuomo.
But they have not been confirmed or denied to even really be the documents. So I'm just looking at fan fiction until confirmed otherwise. :-) Even then CNN can fuck off with their Troll of the Year.
Well meme'd good sir.
I am just so fucking done with this election. I am sick and tired of Trump, I am sick and tired of Clinton, I'm even sick and tired of Sanders, and I supported him during his campaign, I just want this fucking thing to be over!
You're either getting 4 years of Trump idiocy or 4 years of hearing about stupid email nonsense. Take your pick.
Oh I already know I'm voting Clinton. I'd rather have her and the remote possibility of her doing something good than Trump who will undeniably be awful.
btw as a small side point, as someone from the UK, I cannot believe trump has been allowed to use MAGA and get away with it. the US is without doubt a fantastic country and one which has kept the peace and stability for decades. yes there are flaws and yes im sure things could be improved, but without question the US is (and has been) a force for good throughout the world for a long darn time. Ive lived in Texas and California, ive drive from SF to Seattle, Dallas to Colorado and met some of the nicest people and had some of the greatest experiences anyone could wish for. you do not need an emotional stunted man baby telling you the US isnt a great country, thats a damn insult to every single one of you, most folk would give their right arm to live in the US...
Excellent comment.
You have got to be a paid troll for Hillary... The rude and condescending demeanor of your negative comments contrasts too much with the ones you praise. What I am saying here is, you suck at your job...
LOL! Look at my post history!! I'm nothing of the sort and am actually a registered Republican! The majority of my older posts are about StarTrek fan theories for crying out loud! This post above is about American Exceptionalism- something the GOP used to be all about. Saying America is not great is something that used to be a talking point of the left. Also, if you read my comments here, the only negativity I have is people 1) not understanding the Constitution past the 2nd Amendment. 2) suggesting their own imagination and speculation is the same as fact and 3) misrepresentation of facts. All of my posts where I disagree with a position, I support with sources and articles. What do you have to support your claim? Nothing. And really that puts you right into my second category above. You can imagine me to be whatever you want. But it is a fact that your above comment is both shallow and baseless.
Put Sanders at the top of the ticket and watch Trump lose in a landslide.
There is nothing about obtaining a warrant that implies guilt. It's the literal dotting of I's and crossing of T's. It's basic due process. And yet, many will see the grant of this as a near certainty of guilt of high treason for Hillary. I can't stress this enough, we as a nation need to increase education spending. Public speculation ruins lives. Not just in politics but everywhere. So? They got a warrant, so what? Did you know sometimes a traffic cop can get a warrant with a phone call? It, in our system of laws, implies nothing other than due process. End of list.
> It, in our system of laws, implies nothing other than due process. And, you know, probably cause.
Are you suggesting the assumption of probable cause determines guilt? If you are, then once again, I can't stress education spending is a priority enough...
What does probable cause mean?
It means they have a reason to look. Which, they do. It does *not* mean that what they look at is anything of significance, only that they are following due process.
You are understating the importance of the warrant. The FBI is unable to even look at the emails without it. If they had looked without the warrant, what they found would be inadmissible along with any evidence that the emails led to (not that that necessarily exists).
Wiener already gave the permission, warrant not needed
Exactly! It could be everything, it could be nothing. The fact is without the warrant, if they look the fact they they looked becomes meaningless in our courts. The warrant is just due process.
Reid is a special kind of stupid for suggesting that a presidential candidate should be above the law simply because they are running for political office. She is being investigated for a crime, *and* she happens to be running for office. That is not Comey's fault. It's like telling a police officer he violated the Hatch act because he arrested Trump while in the act of armed robbery. Is Reid saying Hillary should be immune to the consequences of her actions simply because she decided to run for president? Absolutely ridiculous.
Go easy on the guy, he was nearly killed by a treadmill...
I am running for president for the rest of my life!
Hilary is such a mess
How is someone who is under investigation from the FBI allowed to run for President?
The same way someone currently awaiting trial for fraud is allowed to run for President.
You really can't think of any easy this could be abused? Really? I mean really, not even one little way?
Why is everyone such a meanie to Hillary, boohoo. :((((((
guilty until proven innocent?
Does this go for murder as well or is it a double standard?
Umm, yeah, it goes for all crime. You are innocent until proven guilty. It's kind of a core to the American justice system.
Why not? If you're not convicted of a crime, then you're not convicted. Do you think the law should be that anyone who's accused of a crime can't run?
because if not, any President could just put his opponent under investigation for whatever reason to run unopposed.
But what about this? https://i.redditmedia.com/axWqLJ_dajMZ9S4Cl_R06fj4qvtEr3Q8txTalLFAyKU.jpg?w=1024&s=5622d7dbc0c0231f7f201af4240bd7d5
The US code doesn't apply to elected offices. Constitution > Congressional rule You'd need to pass a constitutional ammendment to redefine the criteria for holding office.
For starters, nothing was stolen or taken from. Secondly she wasn't convicted and therefore is not punished as the title prescribes. And most importantly, US Title 18 Code 2071 specifically states the trigger is intent, which was not proven either.
The president doesn't have that power. Three branches of govt with checks and balances...
the FBI is part of the executive branch and the director is appointed by the President... you couldn't see someone like Nixon pushing his FBI director to investigate his opponents if somehow there was a constitutional amendment passed saying that no one under FBI investigation could run for President?
Have you guys formulated a response yet to the 33K emails that were deleted after Congressional subpoena by a redditor named Stonetear? Wikileaks is going Phase 3 next week.
Next week is too late, don't 60% of people vote early?
Damn Russians!
Can't you people see that everyone is tied to the Russians except bill and hillary!!!!! It's a right wing conspiracy!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I thank everyone in this thread for correcting the record. Your efforts will be rewarded in the afterlife with Hillary.
So the stickied post says don't accuse people of being shills.... Both sides have obvious reply-bots in play
Quit bitching.
Lets all say goodnight to your darling **Crooked Hillary!** This SUB just died!!! [Bill Clinton cheered 11th hour indictment that doomed Bush re-election](http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/flashback-bill-clinton-cheered-11th-hour-indictment-that-doomed-bush-re-election/article/2606000)
yawn...it's only a huge deal to Trumpsters. Sane people aren't going to switch to an incompetent orangutan over this.
They'll simply not vote.
Lol! Not quite yet. Emails are indeed important but at this point it's like crying wolf. There's been talk about emails over a year now. It's not a pussy grabbing moment to catch our intention unless something comes up.
Sorry but it's all we will hear for the next 8 days. Good night Hillary and good riddance
8 days is not a lot to change the mind of a lot of voters, especially when they've been hearing about the emails for months now, and nothing else solid has come out since then
I dont know if you can taste it but the moods of the stories coming out of the FBI have taken a darker tone. 650k emails, Comey being forced to act by an internal revolt, national secrets found on a pedos computer etc etc. The words "constitutional crisis" have started to get thrown around. I suspect more will come and by election day it will be obvious that Hillary is finished. But that's just my two cents.
> pussy grabbing We all know Clinton blew her load with the "pussy grab" media smear. They thought that would end it all. The DNC has nothing left in the tank and everyone knows it. [Agents Accuse Feds of Covering Up Record Border Detainee Numbers for 2016 Election](http://www.breitbart.com/texas/2016/10/30/exclusive-agents-accuse-feds-covering-record-border-detainee-numbers-2016-election/) We see what Clinton and the Democrat's are doing!
The pussy grabbing will go down for ages, I'm sure. They have other ammunition I'm sure but that's a big one. Nothing new per say though surprisingly since Trump say a lot of stuff all the time. The emails is all the RNC has but it's been cry about for over a year. It might fall on death ears because of that and because no one knows what's in them yet. I wouldn't call it a smear campaign on pussy grabbing because it's not like they had to spin much. But what do you think Clinton and the democrats are doing? Edit: Come on! Breitbart! If you want to provide substance to your comment it's best not to use that. It's like a Clinton support using Hillary.com or DNC website to back up there point.
It's hard to see this as anything other than a partisan move by Comey. He doesn't say or doesn't know if the e-mails are new information and if they are, he doesn't know if they even have anything to do with Clinton. For all he knows they could be a bunch of cat pics. So instead of either looking into it quietly or waiting until the election is over he announces it in a letter addressed to eight republicans and zero democrats. Republicans who he knows will immediately take that information and leak it because it helps them politically. Comey had to know this. Now he is saying that there is no chance the investigation will be finished before the election. So he got people to get riled up and believe this proves guilt when there is actually no evidence, and the investigation that can show she's innocent won't be done until after the election...... He's suggesting she's guilty knowing that it could affect the election without having to risk her being found not guilty before it. It's really hard to believe this wasn't a deliberate political move. That being said. There is still no evidence that any of this proves Hillary guilty of anything or that it even has anything to do with her. Anyone claiming this proves anything is either completely misinformed, or extremely biased and not willing to accept anything that doesn't paint Hillary in a bad light. Think logically people. As of right now, none of this "new information" shows anything illegal or even questionable from Clinton and may have nothing to do with her at all. If something comes out proving something shady, fine, but until then you can't use this as the basis for anything decision or argument. Claiming this proves guilt only proves to others that you're not willing to engage in due diligence and instead prefer jumping to conclusions. [HERE is an internal FBI Memo from Comey showing that he knows the political effect and even admits that he doesn't know if the e-mails are relevant at all.](http://a57.foxnews.com/images.foxnews.com/content/fox-news/politics/2016/10/29/exclusive-comey-memo-to-fbi-staffers-says-election-timing-required-disclosure-renewed-probe/_jcr_content/article-text/article-par-2/images/image.img.jpg/880/558/1477699835434.jpg?ve=1&tl=1) Sources for the memo. [Fox news.](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/10/29/exclusive-comey-memo-to-fbi-staffers-says-election-timing-required-disclosure-renewed-probe.html#) [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/10/28/politics/fbi-reviewing-new-emails-in-clinton-probe-director-tells-senate-judiciary-committee/index.html) [Wall Street Journal](http://blogs.wsj.com/law/2016/10/28/comeys-clinton-probe-and-election-year-sensitivities/)
> He doesn't say or doesn't know if the e-mails are new information So you want the Director of the FBI to comment publicly about and describe specific details and content of an ongoing investigation? See that sword cuts both ways. You're assuming that Comey is a partisan hack and this is just some scheme to affect public opinion, so there's really nothing new in the emails. But what if there ***is***? Say a cursory glance at the new emails strongly *suggests* some really serious crimes, enough to warrant a thorough investigation. So in that scenario, you believe Comey is supposed to hold a press conference and say, "Some of the metadata on newly aquired e-mails would suggest bribery and corruption involving the Clinton Global Initiative. But we must investigate fully before determining whether or not to file charges. Ok thanks folks, see you in 6 months!" ...and then 6 months later no charges are filed because the investigation concluded that there was not sufficient evidence to warrant a charge. *THEN* you'd also call him a partisan hack, because he even further maligned your nominee back during the election "for no reason." >he announces it in a letter addressed to eight republicans and zero democrats. This is not true. Never thought I'd be linking to politifact, but here you go: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/oct/30/hillary-clinton/clinton-wrongly-says-fbi-director-sent-letter-abou/ You can see the full letter there and it was sent to both democrats and republicans. The whole notion that he would send it to only republicans is stupid as hell anyway. Can't believe the Clinton campaign would try to push this misinformation. If you're operating under the assumption that this letter is some publicity stunt to hinder the Clinton campaign, why would he only send it to republicans??? Wouldn't that make his supposed partisan motivation super apparent? I mean the republicans would "leak" it to the public regardless of whether or not he also sent it to the democrats, his niece, mickey mouse, anyone. Seriously, explain to me what you think might have gone through his head deciding to only send it to republicans? What would have been his motivation? >extremely biased and not willing to accept anything that doesn't paint Hillary in a bad light. Think logically people I think most people are thinking logically. You have a shady presidential candidate that has been investigated regarding missing classified emails who's right-hand woman's pedophile husband's laptop was just confiscated with over 650,000 emails on it. FBI suddenly renews investigation. Doesn't exactly take a whole lot of bias to strongly consider the possibility that there's actually some damning evidence that was discovered. But it does take a lot to refuse to consider it.
He could not look at the emails before he got the warrant. He sent the letters out before he got the warrant. He could not have had any idea whatsoever what was in them. If he had looked, he would not have been able to use the new emails as evidence so no point in looking anyway. This is how the 4th amendment works.
I said it was addressed to only republicans, not sent. I know it was sent to everyone. I was implying that he knew these republicans would immediately release this information. I even said that in the very next sentence. > Republicans who he knows will immediately take that information and leak it because it helps them politically. I was not implying that he only wanted republicans to see it. He released this "information" before even knowing if it was relevant at all and before even obtaining a warrant. The real point that no one seems to like hearing is that there is no proof of any wrongdoing yet. So why are people like you proclaiming guilt?
FBI can resume without telling everyone. That is the whole point of not commenting publicly on ongoing investigations. Why didn't he wait for the warrant or some preliminary investigation? "to strongly consider the possibility that there's actually" sounds allot like speculation, and t_d fan fiction. Either way, Clinton is not bound by the Hatch act as Comey is so comparing Comey's actions to Clintons's is absurdly disingenuous.
>FBI can resume without telling everyone. That is the whole point of not commenting publicly on ongoing investigations. Why didn't he wait for the warrant or some preliminary investigation? This is a fair point, but consider this also: The FBI can *conclude* an investigation without telling anyone, also. Comey was under no obligation to hold a dang press conference about the decision not to pursue charges against Clinton, but he did. Where was the democratic outcry against him publicly commenting about investigations then? Answer: there wasn't any, because in *that* case it seemed to exonerate their candidate. In my opinion, for what it's worth (not much), Congress (and the American people) actually deserve to know if one of their candidate is being investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. It's... kind of a big deal. >"to strongly consider the possibility that there's actually" sounds allot like speculation, and t_d fan fiction. Ok, let me rephrase: Only an idiot would think that the FBI would dare re-open an investigation on arguably the most powerful politician in the western world without discovering extremely strong evidence of a significant crime.
They couldn't uncover anything since they didn't have a warrant to look at the emails. If they did look then any evidence of wrongdoing would be poisoned and inadmissible as evidence if they wanted to charge her.
> Where was the democratic outcry against him publicly commenting about investigations then? Answer: there wasn't any, because in that case it seemed to exonerate their candidate. First of all, that was after the the investigation was concluded. That is in no way the same as this. I don't see how you can't see that. Plus, plenty of people were upset at him, and I'm not talking about republicans or those that are anti-Hillary. Former DOJ spokesman Matt Miller wrote an entire article bashing Comey publicly condemning Clinton despite announcing there wasn't sufficient evidence in the press conference Then there were many many lawyers both federal and non from all over the political spectrum that came out against his statements. Plus there was plenty of discontent on forums and among Hillary supporters. Just because you didn't see it doesn't mean it doesn't exist. People were mad that he announced there wasn't evidence, but then went on to reprimand her anyway. Basically stepping out of his role of law enforcement and into that of a politician. He's FBI. If there is no evidence of a crime, that's all that should be said. > In my opinion, for what it's worth (not much), Congress (and the American people) actually deserve to know if one of their candidate is being investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. It's... kind of a big deal. There is a difference between an investigation that has actually obtained evidence and released it and this one. In fact, the public should not be told if someone is being investigated for something if there is no solid evidence to support it. [Trump is being "investigated" for raping a 13 year old girl.](http://www.snopes.com/2016/06/23/donald-trump-rape-lawsuit/) It even has a status conference set for Dec. 16. Where's the memo to congressmen from the police involved in that? Where's the announcement of the "possibility of guilt"? It's not a major story and it shouldn't be. Although I can't stand Trump, I realize that not much tangible proof has been obtained/released and therefore I can't proclaim him guilty. Even though it's a civil case now, it was a full on investigation earlier. By your logic, everyone should have assumed Trump was a pedophile rapist simply because the investigation started. > Ok, let me rephrase: Only an idiot would think that the FBI would dare re-open an investigation on arguably the most powerful politician in the western world without discovering extremely strong evidence of a significant crime. They didn't re-open it. Why is that so hard to understand? At this point all they're doing is looking to see if there is even a reason to possibly re-open it.
> So you want the Director of the FBI to comment publicly about and describe specific details and content of an ongoing investigation? Of course, what he should have done is followed longstanding DOJ policy and not commented on an ongoing (or inactive) investigation in the first place. > You can see the full letter there and it was sent to both democrats and republicans. The whole notion that he would send it to only republicans is stupid as hell anyway. Can't believe the Clinton campaign would try to push this misinformation. Technically, the letter was sent to Republicans and the Democrats were copied on the letter. What he did was to address the letter to the committee heads and then copied the ranking members. I've seen various Democrats push this angle, but not the Clinton campaign specifically. > Doesn't exactly take a whole lot of bias to strongly consider the possibility that there's actually some damning evidence that was discovered. This is confirmation bias. You think Clinton is shady and that reinforces your assumption that these emails are shady. (As opposed to just being, you know, Huma's emails.) There is also the assumption that the FBI wouldn't be investigating, and Comey wouldn't have sent that letter, unless there is damning evidence. It's important to point out that, when Comey sent his letter, **the FBI had not seen the contents of a single one of these emails**, because they didn't have a warrant until today.
> I've seen various Democrats push this angle, but not the Clinton campaign specifically. Well, Clinton said it herself: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wgjPwTpqIP8 (1:20 mark) "...sent to republicans," clearly and purposefully implying that it wasn't sent to any democrats. Perhaps I just don't understand the functional difference in this case between "sent" and "copied." If someone at work addressed an email to 8 people, but the same person also CC'ed it to me, and then someone asked, "Did they **send** you that email?" I'd say, "Uh, yeah. I got it." Is it only "addressed" to republicans because the heads of that committee are all incidentally republicans? >This is confirmation bias. You think Clinton is shady and that reinforces your assumption that these emails are shady. Maybe. But if my "assumption" about Clinton being shady happens to be well founded, then the assumption about the emails is as well. >There is also the assumption that the FBI wouldn't be investigating, and Comey wouldn't have sent that letter, unless there is damning evidence. I actually think that's a pretty rational assumption. I just can't imagine them (re)opening a can of worms this impactful unless they smelled something really, really stinky inside. Can you imagine the egg on their faces when it all turns out to be a big... what's the new approved catchpharse? "Nothingburger?" >It's important to point out that, when Comey sent his letter, **the FBI had not seen the contents of a single one of these emails,** because they didn't have a warrant until today. I think the bolded text there might be the flawed assumption. Asking for a warrant doesn't necessarily mean you haven't seen anything. It almost always means that you have very credible reason to believe that evidence exists somewhere, and you need the warrant to make it admissible in a future case. Hey I could be wrong. I guess I'm likely guilty of a number of logical fallacies for thinking that there's probably something legitimately up when the ***FBI*** renews investigation upon discovering *650,000* emails stashed on the laptop owned by the aide of someone previously investigated for felonious dissemination and destruction of classified materials emails. It could be nothing but yoga classes, risotto recipes, and pictures of penises, and this was all some desperate partisan trick by Comey who's willing to destroy his own career just to ding Hillary's poll numbers a few points. Not sure there's where the smart money would be, though.
Upvoted for sources.
Harry Reid, the big joke to the very end. Way to go Harry. Just When you think that the democrats can't be more crazy they prove me wrong again!
Yeah. This is such an unprofessional email. Whatever was found on that device is so bad, that they are freaking out over it and are desperate to shift the narrative.
The violation would be Not indicating her because of politics.
You mean not inditing her because there is no precedent for prosecuting a civilian for breaching secrecy laws without intent? Because there isn't. If Hillary was to be charged under military law, could have worked... but she isn't in the military. So the FBI's decision is pretty normal
She was not a civilian she was a public servant. There are clear distinctions.
lol yes you are right. But there's no indictment.
*indicting
Yup
Do you have any examples of any other government employee being indicted for something like this?
Yup, here are just 10, let me know if you want more. http://www.thepoliticalinsider.com/hillary-clinton-email-10-punished-less/
>Sailor Smuggles Classified Docs off Ship: A Navy intelligence specialist admitted Thursday that he smuggled classified documents out of Fort Bragg in folders and his pants pockets, then sold them for $11,500 to a man he believed was a Chinese agent. Do you seriously believe that this is "far less than what Hillary did"? Three of those people never faced any criminal penalties. One of them was punished for lying to police. Many of them were punished for clearly and intentionally leaking classified information to people who they knew should not have it, while the rest of them seem to have been charged for stealing information from various government institutions. Which ones do you think most closely line up with Clinton's case?
If Hillarys crime was less, why did she delete 30,000 emails after being subpoenaed?
Have you ever seen one shred of evidence to suggest that Hillary sold classified information to a foreign power?
Hillary Satan is completely clean of everything, that's why she's being investigated by the FBI lol. GOOD ONE
Since when is being investigated proof of a crime? I definitely think that she was wrong in how she handled her emails, but you are making some wild accusations without any proof.
Deleting evidence after a subpoena is a crime.
She has already been investigated for that and no charges were laid.
There's some wikileaks that indicates she sold weapons to ISIS. I'd say that's worse than selling information. There's a ton of information that indicates she sells influence to foreign powers. She openly gave out classified information recently concerning nuclear readiness, no price on that one afaik.
>There's some wikileaks that indicates she sold weapons to ISIS. Can you link to where you found this? >There's a ton of information that indicates she sells influence to foreign powers. Can you give an example of this? >She openly gave out classified information recently concerning nuclear readiness, no price on that one afaik. Lol, are you referring to the debate? http://www.snopes.com/clinton-four-minute-nuclear/
Exactly.
its over. Pack your bags. https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/792898112406839296
That looks pretty bad. Foreign govt donors: all the money is in. Let's get some context on this.
as of right now it only looks like an email transmission from Chief of Staff to President Bill Clinton, tells Hillary Clinton campain chair John Podesta. Need to wait on developments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J8cOLIOaikU
What is the context to that?
Haha. That's supposed to mean what?
Unfortunately not much that happens with this now will make much impact on some voters. Once Comey sent that letter knowing it would be spread to the media Trump and his supporters are able to spin any new developments in the story into a negative light. Like if Comey resigns or is fired over this- They will likely say the corrupt Clintons and DOJ forced it to keep him quiet. Even if he just comes out with a statement trying to clarify there really isn't much to these "new" emails yet, they will likely try to say the corrupt establishment forced him to say that to downplay the situation
Nope. The only thing he can do is have a couple hundred special agents work overtime to go through every email then hold a press conference on Wednesday laying out what if anything they found. If it's nothing then the conference should end with an apology to the American people from Comey.
what about the podesta brothers links to russia?
Yes, let's start comparing scandals and see which one is worst! /s
But does it really matter anyway? Will any of this stop her from running for president? Will she even go to prison? If she even went to prison how long would she go? Would she be housed with amenities and privacy that no one else has in prison? If she did go to prison would that disqualify her from presidency? Does she know she is a turd sandwhich?
It matters a lot. Now she won't be president.
If you are being serious this is amazing. I would love to see someone actually do something.
First, we have absolutely no idea what the emails are, much less whether they are significant in any way. You are assuming that the emails show any kind of criminal activity involving Clinton. That's a huge jump from what Comey actually said. That's why some people are so critical of Comey's statement. It leads to all sorts of insinuations and assumptions that may be entirely false. But to answer your question: it's a little unclear whether a sitting President could actually be tried and convicted of a crime, because it's never been done before. (We got close with Nixon but he was pardoned.) The Constitution has an impeachment process for high crimes and misdemeanors, where Congress can remove the President. So the assumption is that, if a President was guilty of a crime, he (or she) would be impeached and removed by Congress, and then tried through the ordinary criminal courts afterwards. The requirements for running for President, or being President, are set by the Constitution. So there is no formal "disqualification" for having committed a crime, because the Constitution doesn't list that as being a requirement.
In the article Hillary says "Voters deserve to get the full and complete facts." Yet she is upset that the FBI are investigating these emails and seems to be implying that the FBI director has broken the law. I personally am very glad that they are investigating the emails before the day of the election.
The issue is not that they are investigating (though some law professors have questioned whether it was constitutional to look at Huma's emails). The issue is the public announcement that sounds very sinister but that actually provides no useful information to voters. What are the emails, and what is their significance? Are they any different than the emails that the FBI already reviewed? Nobody knows. In fact, not even Comey knew when he sent the letter, because nobody in the FBI had actually reviewed a single email at that point.
The announcement itself provides useful information. Also initially they didn't have a warrant to search the new emails but they thought that they were sinister so they told congress. Comey didn't make a public announcement he followed protocol and sent a letter to congress. Would you rather any wrongdoing is exposed now or wait until after the election and face the possibility that the president could be indited and impeached for criminal wrong doing.
The whole email thing seems dumb to me. Most of the stuff the government marks as "classified" is stupid shit anyway. Its usually to cover the ass of someone in the government who would be embarrassed by their own actions. And other people in similar positions have used personal email servers. I'm sure at one point it was considered okay, and then they changed the IT policy. Whatever. If you want to vote for Trump because the FBI found some emails on Anthony Weiner's phone which I guess are from Hillary Clinton(?) but which no one has seen yet - then I guess go ahead and vote for him. I just can't see anyone actually changing their mind who they are going to vote for over this. It's not even a story yet because there is nothing yet. The next four years are going to be annoying with Republicans coming out with phony stories about the Clintons like they did about Obama's birth certificate. I swear they don't give a shit about the country - just making up stupid shit constantly.
Who else has used a personal email server?
George Bush
Rick Perry, Chris Christie, and the entire Republican White House between 2000 - 2008?
Colin Powell did the same thing when he was Secretary of State. Also Lois Lerner used an MSN email account for government business. There is a long list of others.
No they did not set up their own private email servers for themselves and their aides.
Her accounts, H accounts, any alt accounts; all rolled up in one. Every text they sent on their blackberries since they began. Everything.
Why would texts be there?
I get to see it all. All the 302s.
So, is the campaign blaming the russians for this already? Or should I check tomorrow?
For Wikileaks, there's connections according to the intelligence agencies but not on this. I doubt blame will be put on Russia because it's not a connection.
According top the head of the NSA, who technically speaks for "17" agencies, and is a proven perjurer and liar
You're referring to James Clapper? You believing Trump on this one? I'm not saying that's wrong are not but it makes sense they would. Who else would do it. Trump campaign advisers have had ties to Russia. Former campaign chairman Paul Manafort for example. Not including Carter Page. There are connections but not with the emails on Weiner's laptop. Still NSA might have a point, not because of Trump relations with Russia per say but because the evidence is pointing in their direction.
the awful thing here is that its probable that there is nothing that the trump camp is aching for, a smoking gun to link her to criminal activity. but the damage has been done, and potentially the most unhinged person to ever run for president has been given a second chance. Im from the UK and dont normally get involved in US politics, even though I have been an immigrant in the US. Im not pro hillary, but after watching trump and his supporters, I am genuinely extremely worried about the prospect of such a clearly unstable person being in charge during these fragile times. I dont do dem or rep, I have always watched US politics after studying it at university, but normally without any desire to see any specific person win. but now having watched hours of trump and seen folk on here who support him, the idea of him being in the most powerful position in the world is horrific.
You seem tense.
yes, you seem to have noticed. your username does your emotional sensitivity a disservice... bottom line is this, a heck of a lot of people want trump to win because it makes their warped unpleasant views govt backed. they want a society where they can shout and rage and blame others freely as it feels so darn good for that kind of person, trump is the key to open that door and sadly when those kinda broken folk smell power, they are core driven and cannot stop themselves... no matter what the cost.
yeah I'd much rather have the crooked career politician under FBI investigation that accept millions of dollars from foreign governments and repeatedly threatens Russia as President Check out what these horrible Trump supporters do to this man who has a Clinton sign at the RNC! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7R3BN4T6XMw
so, your answer to the crooked career politician is an emotionally stunted man baby who consistently out lies Clinton by a huge margin? the scary thing is that you are serious... you know, there are far worse things that can happen to the world than having a career politician running the show, give the power to a man whose got the emotional capability of a drunk four year old... being no fan of hillary is one thing, but then jumping into the absurd ship and flying to planet trump, thats just off the chart...
Were you also 'not pro bremain' too?
FBI doesn't press charges but admits emails contained classified info. Trump Supports claim corruption. FBI gets new evedence and continues investigation. Hillary supporters claim laws are being broken. Well...don't so sketchy stuff and you don't have to deal with the FBI.
How did you manage to misspell evidence that badly? the 'e' and 'i' button aren't even close. Those are the types of typos you need to avoid if you want people to take you seriously.
Have no clue what's going on anymore... can we just skip 4 years ahead and see if we are all still alive
yo dawg, i heard you wanted evidence so we're investigating evidence that there might be evidence of evidence of some evidence
Court of public opinion is all that matters this close to the election. The FBI should release any incriminating evidence they find immediately so we can cast our ballots with as much information as is available.
Damage control time. Pathetic.
She's a goner people. You may now refer to Trump as President Trump.
I did not vote for him but if he wins because of this I will have to accept it.
Can we vote for Bernie now?
The_Donald sub is going fucking crazy here, talking about Hilary and the pedo plane or some such shit. God, those folks are right off their nut. Hard to get a straight answer.
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3589628/Report-Bill-Clinton-jumped-aboard-disgraced-sex-offender-Jeffrey-Epstein-s-Lolita-Express-plane-junkets-26-TIMES-just-three-years.html
So if choosing to not press charges the first time was not a violation of the Hatch act, why is this time different?
I believe being within 60 days of an election day is key. They can still investigate, but making big news statements during such a period is to be avoided unless necessary.
Here's just to hoping the emails reveal that Wiener cheated on Huma and Hillary cheated on Bill with each other. Watch the heads explode of everyone hasn't liked the Clintons since the 90s.
I think it's more likely that Hillary and Huma hooked up.
Is this the first election where we are not voting based on what the candidates can do for our country, but which one is less corrupt?
>Is this the first election where we are not voting based on what the candidates can do for our country, but which one is less corrupt? No. Mudslinging happens every time, and sways a lot more votes than policy in just about every election. Nothing is preventing you from voting on policy, despite the focus in the news. They may be terrible candidates for other reasons as well, but it will be one or the other. Voting for president based on their effectiveness as president and their policy proposals is certainly an option
I can't express how happy it makes me that tech is going to bring down Silicon Valley's candidate.
Reid is making himself look like a fool. By his logic, not making a statement would also be a Hatch violation.
You people have never watched House of Cards. This was Hilary's plan. Have the FBI "find" potential damning emails, outrage over the timing of events, see that all the planted emails are about weddings and yoga pants. Boom, presidency.
I can practically hear Francis saying this to Claire. Let's hope that is all they find.
Yep. And then in 6 weeks Kaine suffers a huge scandal and has to step down, opening the way for VP Trump. Surprise, he was in on it the whole time.
Man, it would've been nice to have a Democratic nominee not surrounded by scandals and just barely winning against a racist, misogynistic, fake billionaire game show host because of said scandals.
>racist, misogynistic Hey, look, there go the bogus labels from an SJW dipshit. What a surprise.
Do you really think he's not a misogynist when he says that he can grab women's pussies without consent?
He didn't say that. "When you're a star, they let you do it." That's consensual. The subtext of "when you're a star, they let you do it" is, if you're not a star, they don't "let you do it."
If you don't think "Socialist Jew" was always going to bring a lot more fire from the kind of people that support Trump than "she doesn't use best IT practices", then you've got another think coming.
All the polls at the time show Bernie was going to beat Trump by a larger margin than Clinton would. The fire would not be as hot for Bernie because he was a fresh face with strong ideals just like Obama. Democrats would fight just as strongly against anti-semitism as they do against sexism; any whiff of anti-semitism by the Republicans would be turned into a "grab their pussy" moment.
You clearly don't see (or care) about how negatively Bernie was viewed by women and minorities. Take of the rose tinted glasses and face reality.
Oh I cared; it was a smear job. Clinton people in the media ran with a "BernieBro" misogyny narrative as if Bernie supporters weren't the MOST progressive wing of American politics. Meanwhile, neocon foreign policy, which Clinton supports, is killing women and minorities overseas in the middle east; so many drone strikes that we're running out of bombs. She also receives money from PRIVATE PRISONS which lock up many many minorities.
No, it's real. Going to some rally once does not give him a pass to ignore African American's issues for the next 50 years. So are you saying Bernie cares about minorities and women overseas but not at home? Please. Also Clinton donated the prison money to charity. But, that is reality and Bernie supporters can't #FeelTheMath so I doubt these facts matter to them either. Feel free to ignore all the facts and go on chasing the Bernie unicorns. Sources: http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/02/17/vermont-s-black-leaders-we-were-invisible-to-bernie-sanders.html?via=mobile&source=twitter http://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/presidential-races/269070-sharpton-sanders-did-not-address-how-racism-affects http://www.politico.com/blogs/under-the-radar/2016/02/clinton-campaign-gives-private-prison-lobbyist-cash-to-charity-218524
I care more about helping the poor no matter their gender or race whether they live here or not (which includes a lot of minorities and women). Bernie Sanders rallied against segregation in 60's for Christs sake. He's fought hard against poverty too. Hillary Clinton cares about her rich donors, corporations like Walmart, Saudi Arabia, ANYONE who gives her a lot of money. I don't care if she gave it back, she shouldn't have wanted their support in the first place. She is corrupt to the core. And if wanting better than that is Unicorn hunting, then get my glitter wand, grab my bow and arrows, and throw me my prettiest dress because this guy is going unicorn hunting.
Clinton supporters here tend to say that polls are accurate when they show that Clinton is ahead of Trump in the general, but I remember how they made all sorts of excuses back when polls showed that Sanders outperformed Clinton against Trump.
Yeah, too bad that democracy doesn't work that way and people need to win elections to get elected. Your guy lost by 4,000,000 votes. Polls so far out of a general election are meaningless. Polls from 2015/Early 2016 show Jeb Bush beating Clinton. How did that work our for Jeb! again??? Realty. Get with it. Sources - http://time.com/4305514/bernie-sanders-hillary-clinton-general-election-polls/ http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/general_election_bush_vs_clinton-3827.html
You completely failed to address what I said in my comment. I wasn't saying that Sanders should have won the primary. I was describing a tendency that I have observed among Clinton supporters here.
You clearly did not read what I posted. The article stated polls from 4+ months from an election are seldom accurate. They get more accurate as the election gets closer. So trying to compare a poll from imaginary candidates to ones from 10 day before the election is absurd.
the clinton campaign needs to pay the Comey more money
Think how bad it will look for America to have a President under investigation. What is worse, fake rape stories from a crime cartel or the cartel itself?
http://i.imgur.com/SrldE37.jpg oh
lmfaooooo. please post to /r/the_donald straight to the top!
fuck donald trump
Such an eloquent argument. You really swayed my opinion there!
I don't think he was trying to sway you. You know the old saying..."you can't reason someone out of a position they didn't reason themselves into."
I would really like to know why someone (Huma) with some pretty unsavory relations has basically the motherload of all SoS communications. I assume the FBI is also investigating whether or not Huma is a spy.
Boy how did the record correctors allow this article to the top?
Clinton keeps asking for the FBI to release whatever they have on her, but for some reason, despite the fact that for the last year and a half everybody has been asking her to release her emails, she won't do that herself. Hashtag, things that make you go *hmmm*.
This isn't her computer.
Huma was logging into Hillarys email on Anthony's computer so that she could print out emails because Hillary did not like looking at computer screens.
then she should have nothing to worry about, no?
[**BREAKING NEWS! WEINER LAPTOP HAD STATE.GOV AND CLINTONEMAIL.COM EMAILS**] (https://streamable.com/56n9)
On Friday every one said it was only 3 emails... 650k... Close enough for a Hillary supporter. Lol
where did that number come from?
They announced today they found 650k emails on Weiners laptop.
I've read all of his statements and they never once said a number. If anyone is reporting one, it is a guess.
No, the Wall Street Journal reported that, just like some other publication reported there were only 3 emails.
The sad thing is, they have propagated so much bullshit around these emails, if these had a murder confession, no one would believe it anymore. They think they are hurting her, but people just have "scandal" fatigue.
The Hatch Act prohibits FBI officials from using their official authority to influence an election. So Reid is accusing Comey of abusing his power?? Didn't Obama openly comment and pass judgement about Hillary's email investigation way before Comey even made his decision. Or what about Loretta Lynch meeting privately with Bill Clinton on a plane. He must suffer from something all his colleagues have which is selective amnesia.
> Didn't Obama openly comment and pass judgement about Hillary's email investigation way before Comey even made his decision. Specific example please. > Or what about Loretta Lynch meeting privately with Bill Clinton on a plane. Let's put aside the issue that just because an ex-President has a private meeting with the sitting Attorney General, that doesn't mean there was some nefarious deal that occurred. It doesn't really involve the Hatch Act because this was well before the U.S. election, as opposed to 11 days before.
> was well before the U.S. election Not like it was during the primaries or anything.
I get how someone can draw sinister shadows over the idea of Bill Clinton and Lynch having a private conversation. But even if you are assuming it's a sign of corruption, extortion, bribery, etc. (and for the record I think it is none of those things), it's still not interfering with elections per se.
per se.
You clearly don't understand how the Hatch Act works. The Hatch act does not apply to the President. And wouldn't the whole AG Lynch/Bill Clinton conspiracy be debunked because of this? If AG Lynch tied Comey's hands the firs time, why would she untie them for this? Explain that to me if you can ...
If the FBI obtained a warrant, this is going to be a bombshell.
Considering that Senate democrats and Clinton herself have pressed Comey to provide more information by tomorrow, and the FBI was in communication with Abedin's lawyer's earlier today and probably had her sign some sort of consent, I really don't think it would be that difficult to get a warrant.
Getting a warrant means presenting a judge with certain facts, and then that judge signing off on it. It also means that Huma did not agree to the search.
[deleted]
lol no. If Huma did not object, they would not need a warrant.
Warrant not needed, Weiner had already given them permission to access files
It will be a bombshell because now they'll actually read them, maybe even de-dupe them against the ones they already have and find out if there are even any new ones in there? You have a pretty low threshold for 'bombshell'.
What will be your spin when "new" emails turn up?
I think he's challenging your assumption that there will be a bombshell, when Comey told Congress that he has no idea if they are significant at all.
What do you "feel" will be the bombshell? I say feel since you bring zero facts to the discussion and you are clearly using your gut as your source here. Further, here in the US, a warrant to search does not imply guilt.
Reality check for the Hillary supporters. She is a criminal and will be convicted. Get over it.
Trump, President for Life. It's just that simple. There's no use stopping the inevitable.
Typical trump supporter, going on "gut" instead of actual facts. I have a feeling you're wrong. Shit maybe your not but by your logic you are lol
[deleted]
Beige Chop Fitter?
Iceberg Pet Fit Ho?
Iceberg Thief Pot?
The Tip of Iceberg
Are you sure? Iceberg Theft I Op seems to work better ...
Or maybe Beech Tie Frog Pit?
How is that "reality?" Seems like t_d fan fiction and wishful thinking. The legality of the email server has already been established. You know nothing about the actual investigation. If the reality turns out that these emails are all duplicates of emails already in FBI possession, how does that fit your narrative?
Comey investaging again and weiner cooperating... its wishfull thinking that he doesnt have more concrete evidence that will get a conviction. You can hope that he did this to get Trump elected and has no actual evidence, but it's not a bet any sane thinking person would take.
My position is based on the facts of the Director of the FBI's testimony to congress. What facts is your comment here based on? Or, are you projecting the "wishful thinking" comment?
Look fella, the FBI has had the emails for weeks already. They would not have reopened the investigation unless they had already found something. Don't be naive. They only need one classified email out of 650k. Come on now... She's going to jail. Lol
I will bet you $500 that Hillary wins this election. That's how sure I am. Are you as sure?
Nobody thinks Dems aren't dumb enough to elect a felon. But many, as I do, think she is going to pay the piper. Just may take a little longer, than 8 days.
Please do you have a site to escrow the $1000? I'm all about some free money...
Fella, do you not know how the 4th Amendment works? If they looked first and then got the warrant and lied about probable cause that would be illegal. Now think for just a second: If there was a classified email here, were would it have originated from? If it came from State.GOV Wouldn't these already be covered by the original investigation? The FBI can easily check meta data for all outgoing email from state.gov to Clinton. They subpoenaed all these emails and cross-referenced in the original investigation. Or, are you suggesting that Huma Abedin doesn't have security clearance? Reference - Full Clinton FBI email notes https://vault.fbi.gov/hillary-r.-clinton/hillary-r.-clinton-part-03-of-04/view
Believe what you want to believe, but even CNN says: https://i.sli.mg/OkXmBU.png She's going to jail. The FBI is also investigating the Clinton Foundation as well from WSJ today.
Did you not read my post at all? Do you not understand how the 4th Amendment works? And did you click on that article? I did and it does not draw the conclusion you suggest. Try again. Here is the actual article for you to read - if you care about reals more than feels: http://www.cnn.com/2016/10/30/politics/clinton-emails-fbi-abedin/index.html
the sheer panic itt is like porn for my sense of justice. keep squirming maggots
What panic? Who is panicking?
While I'm sure there is some super damning treasonous stuff in these emails, at the *very* least Hillary should be serving a sentance in ~~Jail~~ Prison for perjury. If you or I were in this situation, we'd be in prison for Perjury. She is NOT above the law. Now the whole meeting with the AG by her husband who happened to just waltz onto an airplane right before their decision to talk about grandkids while golfing in 109 degree weather is another story. There is high level corruption going on and I hope many people are tossed and allowed to rot in prison for their crimes.
>If you or I were in this situation, we'd be in prison for Perjury. She is NOT above the law. Thank you. There are people who have been fired from security jobs that have done far less than what she did. But because she's Hillary Rodham Clinton she gets a pass. Presidential candidates (and any government official really) should be held the highest standards of the law, NO exception. This is probably the most infuriating thing about the entire election, and it's sad.
I'll get downvoted here because this is the real /r/hillaryclinton but the fact of the matter is we have A) A douchebag who has some policies I agree with, Policies you and I disagree with. His biggest accomplishment would (and I think what they are trying to achieve) is show you how fucked our system is, and let's do a reset and make it right. I'm sorry It's going to take a TRUMP to do it. Dude likes to 'grab her in the pussy'. I've been with many women in my life too, and have had locker room talk. PROTIP: Dudes say shit like that all the time. It's not abnormal. Life is not disney. Any male who downvotes this does not live in reality. A TRUMP presidency will set us back to pre WWII, where we focus on ourselves. B) A corrupt criminal who is dead set on power, corruption, lies, and is a **criminal**. She sets forth a message that it's okay to disobey our laws. She takes foreign donates and is a puppet. You are voting someone who will be in prison during her tenure in office. No one knows Tim Kaine. Dude looks like a pedo. Regardless, it is status quo, and it's more corrupt than you think. It's sickening the average voter is this stupid. It's quite odd this year.
> The act bars government officials from using their authority to influence elections. This exists? Holy shit why didn't they whip this out during the nth benghazi committee?
1. A Congress member is exempted from arrest while attending a session of the body to which the member belongs, excluding an arrest for treason, breach of the peace, or a felony, 2.A Congress member is exempted from arrest or interrogation for any speech or debate entered into during a legislative session. In In re Grand Jury, 821 F.2d 946 (3d Cir. Pa. 1987), it was held that congressional immunity is an evidentiary privilege that is applied broadly to evidence or testimony about all acts that occur in the regular course of the legislative process. It therefore applies to activity taken in the course of legislative fact-finding. How are you going to convict them without any evidence? Considering this would then include the added difficulty of proving it was done to influence an election, and not as an investigative function of Congress. Also, you may wish to examine whether you would really want the Executive branch to prosecute Congress for investigating political appointees of the Executive branch. To me, that sounds like a short road to tyranny. I can't imagine a functioning system of checks and balances if Congress has to worry about being arrested for performing what could be considered a part of their responsibilities as elected officials.
It does not apply to elected officials unfortunately.
The Hatch Act restricts activity of Executive Branch employees only.
You have the prove that they are doing it to influence an election
If he knew there were emails and didn't release that info until after the election it would be just as as bad. He was in a lose lose situation.
The trouble is that this likely won't be resolved ever! THEY just playing the law!
Do you have a link to an article? Legit I can't find anything about this.
Does anyone know how many emails were talking about? Ive heard anywhere from 10k to over 100k
there are 650k in the cache, they reopened the **clinton** investigation on good cause that there at least one of the 33,000 she deleted in them, which would convict her on perjury and destruction of evidence alone. This isn't a wild guess, they know there is shit in there. The scary thing is 'What was she hiding?'.
The investigation was never closed. They're searching because emails were found on a device that was not turned over during the investigation. It could be a deleted email. Could be duplicated emails. Who knows! Let's just say whatever pops into our heads and call them facts.
no one said closed. The issued a warrant because there is evidence there that they know. If it was just tertiary noise do you think they would fucking say no? They HAVE the emails, they **KNOW** what they want to show to congress. There is a reason.
You said the clinton investigation was re-opened implying that it was closed. It was not. They need a warrent to look at the emails because the device was not retreived by their initial search and were procured by a separate investigation into an unrelated matter. The problem with what you are suggesting is that you are assuming what the contents of the emails are and by extention that the FBI knows what is in them. They don't. No one knows except for Huma, and possibly Clinton. The FBI has emails, not necessarily *the* emails. And stating otherwise is precisely why investigators usually don't comment on ongoing investigations to the public because it creates a story that may or may not be congruent with what is found. It undermines the process.
would they do anything without evidence there is something to look at? There is criminal intent. Seriously, the dude isn't going to go before congress and say 'yeah she's a nice girl, cleared'. His life is on the line Criminal intent. She's going away.
The evidence that there is something to look is that there is new evidence to look at. The evidence itself is not proof of criminal intent. Also, Comey had previously told Congress that they were not going to be looking into the Clinton matter further. Suddenly these emails show up. They cannot look at it because the investigative team did not find it, another ongoing investigation did. They need a warrant to even look at it. He is obligated to inform congress that they are going to be looking at the new evidence. It is congress who then leaked this letter for political purpose. It does not mean she is guilty, it does not mean she is innocent. It simply means that they are looking over evidence. That is all it means at this point.
> This isn't a wild guess, they know there is shit in there. Actually, that is almost the very definition of a wild guess.
Hopefully we'll find out soon.
Hurray for due process!!! https://youtu.be/3pnLCQWk9W8
Election 2016 https://youtu.be/8LQftYK2n8o
Cool, let me know if you find anything malicious.
I'm old enough to remember when elections were dull and boring. What's next in this one? Will we see Trump challenge Bill and Hill to a dual with pistols?
This is bad news. We have Trump who is the worst possible candidate and might be in because of this
Two of the main problems with this situation seem to be how these emails ended up on someone elses laptop and also how in a world dominated by technology we can elect anyone (dem or rep) who can have such little an understanding about technology
As opposed to someone like Trump who has very little understanding about *government and economy*?
I was talking about both candidates having no understanding of technology
Stop nominating 70 year olds.
Its a rock and a hard place situation. Comey is required to inform investigating committees of developments. He is also required to keep away affecting the election. He has to make a judgement call. On one side he could be accused of concealing the truth before the election in order to manipulate the result in favor of Hillary, on the the other side he could be accused of manipulating the election in favor of trump. He made a judgement call to release what information he knew at the time and inform them of the status of recent develpoments. I can't blame him for either choice. One thing to note is that he did not speculate in the letter to congress,. he simply said new evidence is available for evaluation and the investigation is ongoing. That shows restraint with regards to the release of information. I will give him the benefit of the doubt. There's no right answer for him to make.
how is a someone allowed to run for president when they are being investigated by the FBI, it not like she is going to be arrested if she wins the presidential race... she should have to pull out.
It was just reported that there have been numerous emails found related to state department business. The latest tally is over 650,000 emails on the laptop. Crooked Hillary is flushed. Na na na na, hey hey-hey, goodbye
650k would be bad news for Trump. No way they can reveal anything interesting before Nov 8th if that's the case.
"ctrl f bleachbit" "ctrl f benghazi" "ctrl f epsein"
Hillary 2016: "Neener neener, time's up! Guess you didn't find anything fast enough!"
HAH! Yeah he'd probably be upset if it were that many. /s
Oh yes they could, pretty easily with the right keywords and some government level software.
Ctl-f "HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL"
Government level software? All you need is grep.
I'm sure the Feds have something quicker and more efficient... I have no idea anything about computers software or who has what but I know the FBI can do some crazy shit with photos so documents either way should be easy peazy.
like "shhhh" and "don't tell comey".
So flushed: >Clinton called on Comey to swiftly release more information, saying he must "explain everything right away, put it all right on the table." Nothing says "I've got something to hide" like a public request to make things public.
>Nothing says "I've got something to hide" like a public request to make things public. Rod Blagojevich tried the same tactic when he tried to sell Obama's senate seat. He is now rotting in jail http://www.cc.com/video-clips/2ekcqf/the-daily-show-with-jon-stewart-rod-blagojevich
Crooked hillary knows they can't release these emails so she is faking transparency even though she lied during her press conference yesterday when she didn't answer whether she talked to huma about what was on the computer.
> she lied during her press conference yesterday when she didn't answer wait what
She lied about the contents of the letter. Her argument is so weak she has to repeatedly lie. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjP_hwX3BLc
occam's razor would suggest it was just a mistake. though my point was about how "didn't answer" could mean "lied".
She was asked whether she talked to huma last night during the press conference in relation to what was in those emails and she just said some lawyer bs and didn't answer.
So what did she lie about?
So the same exact shit they looked at before?
I guess you read all the emails since you know what's in them already. Why don't you just release them so everyone else can see too?
This shit will end up like Benghazi. Even after her election, these fools will keep this story going for as long as they can. I mean they did what 37 investigations into Hillary for Benghazi? And they never found anything? This is #2 for the emails. Boring.
650,000 are the total number of emails on the laptop. Which belong to Wiener. The vast majority are his. It is expected a small fraction will be relevant. Perhaps a few thousand. And most of those are likely just duplicates of those already turned over the FBI by Huma. (Since it appears to be an outlook cache or similar)
You don't know any of the bullshit you just spewed.
i'm sure you're not trying to be ironic.
Are we sure he knows what the word means?
I love watching crooked Hillary's supporters and this sub getting outplayed. I think it's obvious that she will win the predetermined election, all of this just makes it all the more undeniable when it happens. No one in their right mind would vote for this woman.
Very well said. I completely agree. I am voting for neither candidate but anyone who is paying attention should see that the government-led mainstream media knows that Hillary doesn't need to win through actual voting. Voting is something that nobody over 25 should actually still believe in, its all a sham. The "winner" only needs to have the illusion of a chance and the election officials will simply *say* they won.
>I love watching crooked Hillary's supporters and this sub getting outplayed. I think it's obvious that she will win the predetermined election, all of this just makes it all the more undeniable when it happens. No one in their right mind would vote for this woman. just wait when confused American trolls wake up and vote you /me to oblivion only proving your point. You have to be insane to vote for this women.
There's millions of us insane people voting for "this women" here in America. Gays, people of color, women, the disabled, etc.
It just kills me when Trump supporters buy into Trump claiming Comey must know of something incriminating in the emails when Comey has come out and said he doesn't know what's in them.
650k emails and 10s of thousands are related to Hillary... What do you think is in them. Yoga routines?
What anybody thinks about them is irrelevant since no one's actually seen them. Your assumption that these emails will provide some kind of smoking gun is, at this point, just an assumption.
He obviously knows something or he would not have informed Congress of it. Comet is not playing sides. He is an intelligent person. There is definitely substance to this, and Hillary can't take it.
That's how that whole camp works. If it's bad for Trump, it's rigged, not that big of a deal, locker room talk, establishment fears Trump, etc. If it's bad for Hillary, it's 100% true, worse than they are letting on, worse than Watergate, literally WW3, etc.
The same for both parties, fucking idiots.
I dunno, it's tough. Trump has literally no idea what he's doing. Clinton is a great candidate with a shitload of sketchy, but not yet confirmed criminal, baggage. Trump only speaks in hyperbole.
No, Clinton is not a great Candidate. Clinton is a pathological liar. Trump is a dumbass. They both suck.
"They both suck" They slogan of the 2016 presidential election.
[deleted]
What deadline?
Says who?
The senate.
"**They have to**" No. The FBI doesn't have to. Making a request for an update is not being required by law to do it.
There is no deadline. Everyone just wants to know by Monday.
This sub was sure quick to turn on Comey and call him a scumbag. Lmao.
Obama's influence and Clinton foundation bribes only go so far. Glad to see Comey has a soul he is not willing to sell.
Reddit gold to whoever can explain why I should care about deleted emails.
It's a nothing burger, man. Don't worry about it. Don't forget to vote on Nov 9th!
You mean the 28th.
Keep your gold, it is alleged that their will be communications between her and the POTUS off official channels about official business. This is a felony! Not only that, many think that a large number will be top secret. All of those are individual felonies. Lastly it is alleged that sure fire evidence of pay for play through the state Department. That's a betrayel to the taxpayer and a felony! If anyone of these things proves true it's way worse than anything Nixon ever dreamed of doing. Hell common knowledge of the fact they recovered special access programs already is bigger than Nixon. The pay for play is the reason people think she set up the server to begin with. She accepted money through her foundation from foreign governments and many speculate that she was giving access to our secrets for those donations.
Nixon committed treason by persuading the Vietnamese to reject a deal to the end the war years earlier than it did. He promised hed get them a better deal
Wait for Tuesday and follow Wikileaks on Twitter.
I am For the record though, I think trump is a loony toon character. Both of them should quit
Agreed, the only problem is the libertarian and the SJW candidate are just as big if not bigger looney tunes.
It's about handling of classified materials but MSNBC and Samantha Bee are probably telling you that you shouldn't care.
Still no explanation.
Mishandling of classified information is a crime. There is overwhelming evidence Clinton was grossly negligent in handling what may have been classified information.
This goes beyond the emails at this point. They are the evidence that points to what the FBI has really been after, the Clinton Foundation. The CGI is the glue that holds this all together.
You literally just sound like a conspiracy theorist now. Insinuation + innuendo with some eyebrow waggling as glue.
This might be a dumb question, but can a person be legally disqualified from being able to run for president for reasons other than the age and birthplace requirements?
It's not birthplace but the "natural citizen" requirement. You need to be a resident of the US for 14years. Also no prior convicted impeachment and also cannot have had rebelled against the country.
Yes, violation or an ongoing investigation into certain federal statues disqualifies, particularly those that revolve around secret data. Basically you cannot elect someone that is likely or has lost their rights to secret data, it would be kind of hard to be president if you were not allowed to see it.
Yes, under united states code you can not hold federal office if you mishandled classified information or destroyed it.
"Your actions in recent months have demonstrated a disturbing double standard for the treatment of sensitive information, with what appears to be clear intent to aid one political party over another," the letter says. "I am writing to inform you that my office has determined that these actions may violate the Hatch Act." Reid must be talking about Loretta.
Comey is a hero!
Everybody loved Comey when he announced to not indict a few months ago inspite of evidence. Now everybody hates Comey when he states the case isn't completely closed because of new evidence. You cant have it both ways.
I'm angry at the person who leaked the letter he wrote for political purposes. Comey is doing his job, other people are playing politics which I thought was what American's were sick and tired of and that's why they're hoping on the Trump Train. Yet his camp are literally the biggest purveyors of political BS, it's ridiculous. His performance is so fake I don't know how anyone finds him genuine.
> Comey is doing his job It's not the job of the FBI director to make public comments about ongoing investigations.
He isn't the one who made the comment public. He told congress, which if he hadn't he'd of been criticized for "withholding information." Everything is so politicized because people have so little faith in our systems and are more interested in scoring easy points for a cheap victory. I think Comey has integrity and is just trying to navigate a political field full of landmines. Republican's just make everything a scandal with Clinton. Even if she wins they're just going to keep going after her. So sick of all this holier than thou BS from both sides, but at least democrats feel that government can do good. Idk why people think it's smart to put people who hate government in charge of it. It'd be like putting a luddite in charge of Google. /rant
There is an argument that Comey was acting with best intentions but found himself in a difficult situation because he previously told Congress that the investigation into the server issue was no longer active. Even if that is true, it just goes to show that he should have kept his mouth shut several months ago and simply announced that the FBI was closing its investigation, without expressing inappropriate opinions on the matter and especially without testifying to Congress.
Yeah, he should've given it a simple yay or nay, but it's not worth arguing over at this point. This whole election is just a clusterfuck on nearly every level. I'll be happy once it's over, one way or another.
I'm with you on this one.
It's DOJ, not the FBI, that make the decision whether to indict. Comey's press conference a few months ago was criticized at the time, including by some Democrats, because it's not the role of the FBI to comment on investigations that don't lead to charges. The usual rule is you indict or you keep quiet. What we have here, when viewed most charitably, is Comey trying to choose the least worst thing after he dug himself into the hole by testifying before Congress in the first place.
I didn't love him then, and I don't hate him now. I think he acted in good faith before and -wait for it- I think he's acting in good faith now. I know it seems weird to think that someone could be acting apolitically, but that's simply our polarized climate. He was credible in July, he's credible now, and I have no reason to believe he won't be credible when he finally releases the results of this part of the investigation, whatever they may be.
Its certainly possible amongst all the theories that are out there. I could also this being the case. Its probably the second on my list of probable theories. I'm currently partial to the idea that he is getting strong armed by fbi agents or others on the back end who have always said that he didn't handle it properly and they wanted to indict and that he was giving the fbi a bad name for being soft on Clinton. There is also an interesting theory that through Kim dotcoms tweets, Comey was essentially blackmailed to re-open the case otherwise wikileaks would release the full emails to the public getting everybody in govt in trouble. Who knows but i hope we get some answers. Its a roller coaster ride.
Waiting for the conspiracy that the Russians planted the emails on the laptop in 3...2...
Howard Dean this am
I wonder if this is the laptop they said went missing and Huma just stole it from work because she's an entitled dough head.
Harry Reid is the expert on being a corrupt lying piece of shit politician... where was I going with this? Oh yeah if he accuses someone of something, it's best to just ignore it.
I don't like Trump, I don't like Hillary and I don't like Johnson. What the heck is going on? How could it have possibly actually come to this?
Maybe because people like you only seem to care the night before the exam.
Reagan, Bush, Clintons, Kristol, Drudge, Cokie, O'Reilly, the Dowds, Stephanopoulos, Russert, Matthews, Hannity, Andrew Sullivan, and on and on and on. That's how it happened.
When everything is finally released, after a shock-induced pause, the American electorate will utter a collective, "Oh. Oh my," and be rightfully embarrassed that a silly phrase like "nothingburger" was allowed to enter their vernacular.
Ooo, write more fan fic for me!
That word is like the calling card for replicants. Don't even need the pupil test.
Time to go third party...
650,000 emails automatically back-ed up. These aren't selectively picked after removing wedding and yoga ones. All email exchanges between Huma and Hillary are probably there. ITT: Nothing to see here.
all in a file called "life insurance" hillary is finished
Where'd this "life insurance" thing come from?
Where are you guys getting this 650,000 number? Alex Jones?
Someone hasn't been paying attention.
Umm, no. The [Wall Street Journal](http://www.wsj.com/articles/laptop-may-include-thousands-of-emails-linked-to-hillary-clintons-private-server-1477854957/).
She's a traitor!
>Agents will now compare the latest batch of messages with those that have already been investigated to determine whether any classified information was sent from Clinton's server. I'm so tired of this.
Why, you just want it to go away? Do you understand the implications of this. If Huma and Weiner had access to some of the most sensitive information in the nation - it is a BIG fucking deal. Sorry that it is inconvenient to your candidate, but she made this mess herself. As they say in DC, it is not the crime that gets you it is the cover up. Someone always fucks up.
When they find something come back to me and we can have a real conversation, if you remember how. She's not my candidate, she's the only realistic candidate with a shot.
I know one guy who will be out of a job in a Clinton administration.
It's like career politicians have each other's back or something.
Has it even been confirmed that HRC sent/received any of these new found emails.......or is just thrown under the bland click-bait "Clinton email scandal" coverage......
They opened a warrant to get those emails in relation to the **CLINTON CORRUPTION** investigation. Not the weiner likes underage girls investigation. They were tipped off to something, have to get legal right to dig through it.
This laptop had four different email accounts for Huma: her official State Dept email, her Clinton email, her Yahoo account, and an account associated with her husband's campaigns. So the issue is not just the email contents, but rather: 1) If sensitive information was transferred between accounts, 2) Did Huma strip classified material markers in doing so, and 3) Did Weiner have access to and/or transfer information? Remember that Huma was often tasked with providing Hillary hard copies, and that she was noted as a preferred email conduit to get information to/from Hillary It's one thing if Hillary used bad judgement in using Bill's server setup, but if Huma actively and knowingly shuttled sensitive information between systems, or allowed her husband access to it, and especially if Hillary knew or directed her activities, that would likely constitute a felony
Info from?
https://i.redd.it/tzvfbolqpqux.jpg
I don't even understand what this email is, much less why it is supposed to be sinister.
Using the Clinton Foundation under the guise of Bill Clinton doing cherity work to broker with shitty people and countries.
How does this email do that in any way? To me, the email is about getting partners in the field of solar, low-carbon transportation, and waste management to get involved in the charitable work that CGI is doing. What's shitty about that?
While not necessarily nefarious, it is mingling the foundation and politics. Corruption, abuse, and conflict of intetest doesn't always have to be a "bad" thing
I'm sorry, I don't see any of this. Where is the mingling of the foundation and politics? Why is that even necessarily a bad thing, if the political and the charitable have common goals (e.g., reducing the effects of poverty domestically or internationally)? And where is there any corruption, abuse, or conflict of interest in this email? I'm genuinely confused as to what you are seeing here.
ELI5?
It's fuckin over you sad losers
Self-admitted liar shouldn't have much bearing on criminal matters.
Oh my god, a politician in an extremely complex political system has lied!!!
It wasn't a simple lie though. Many politicians lie about policy or promises that is obvious, but most don't lie about ongoing federal investigations into their mishandling of highly sensitive information. See the difference... oh wait of course you don't.
They all lie. She's been around forever as a power player and there are lies and concessions. Whatever. Anyone who hasn't had a family deep in the political world doesn't fully get it.
My father was a deputy AG. I personally know several governors. The shit he would tell me that some of these politicians did was unreal to me. So I do get it, but this lie isn't just a broken promise, its criminal, and its on a level that is almost unheard of in American politics.
The emails weren't that bad and other politicians did it too. The fucking insanity that has been wrought upon her for decades is beyond. And I am not talking about mere governors here.
To those of us that hold security clearances its fucking horrible. You are just playing petty politics. Hillary has all this coming to her, and its her fault, and I say this as a life-long Democrat.
And I say this as someone who inherently knows more than you about high-level politics: you don't know shit.
Really what's your background? You haven't mentioned it, so I'm not inclined to believe you. That is an awfully big claim to make.
Feel free to not believe me.
Why don't you cry about it to Crooked Colin Powell. Or Crooked Bush.
I have mentioned it, but this is a different case, sorry you are just deflecting.
You seem naive.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt6163356/
uh... ok?
this wouldnt be the first time hillary has been affected by another woman and a wiener, right?
Let Comey do this. There is shit to be tossed at trump. Best part is he won't be able to complain about dirty deeds
Seems that they don't need a warrant now. Weiner himself has given them permission to look at the contents
I have a question. Is Hilary Clinton's use of a private server the issue, or the content of her emails? Because if her use of a private server is the issue, and there has already been an investigation as to how likely confidential information was accessed by outside parties, what reason does the FBI have for continuing to go through her emails? Is this a situation where the server issue is really just an excuse to try to dig up dirt on a powerful politician?
Without me knowing about the laws the long story short is if classified info was mishandled or forwarded to private servers or email accounts. Hillary's secretary seems to have been playing fast and loose with sensitive information because like I said that feeling of entitlement they were bypassing protocol for convienence. Regular people can send emails from personal devices but with top secret info it is careless but I would not say malicious or a "lock her up" crime like the knuckle dragging trump supporters chant. Now, if she was sending emails to other countries leaking classified info that I doubt is happening but that is what the gorillas from the planet of the apes trump supporters would have you believe. I will say if that Huma or whatever her name is does not jump on this grenade we will have a country for and run by deplorables.
its actually kinda complicated, funnily enough. its not a crime to make stupid decisions about convenience. but if its found she deliberately used a private server knowing it was to hide information from requests or that she was deliberately mishandling sensitive information then maybe it would lead to criminal charges. in that regard, the missing emails are really the unanswered question and some people are wondering if they will turn up on these devices. and even then, would they show anything criminal? which is so far been found not the be the case. its not been uncommon for politicians to use private email servers for convenience. so this is kinda the point, their is potential to find very damaging information. but we dont know, the fbi doesnt know and nothing has changed except the potential. which is why comey has been so insanely stupid in interfering without any substance. he might have been stuck in a position, but he had two options. wait and see, then either act or not act depending on what they find. or jump now and hand one political side a massive story which could literally turn out to be nothing or everything, but its unlikely we will know until after the election! so slow damn clap comey.
>I have a question. Is Hilary Clinton's use of a private server the issue, or the content of her emails? Both. If the emails on her private server contained classified or confidential information (they did). See: [18 U.S. Code  793 - Gathering, transmitting or losing defense information](https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/793) Note: >(f) Whoever, being entrusted with or having lawful possession or control of any document, writing, code book, signal book, sketch, photograph, photographic negative, blueprint, plan, map, model, instrument, appliance, note, or **information, relating to the national defense**, (1) through gross negligence permits the same to be **removed from its proper place of custody** A private unsecured email server is definitely not a "proper place of custody" for information relating to the national defense, which she certainly had in the emails as Secretary of State. Now  793 is only a misdemaneor. In a rational world it would definitely mean you probably won't get hired in the defense industry or government again, much less elected to high office, but still, not something most people would go to prison for. However, [18 U.S. Code  2232 - Destruction or removal of property to prevent seizure](https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/2232?qt-us_code_temp_noupdates=1#qt-us_code_temp_noupdates) *is* a felony, and a pretty significant one, as it's obstruction of justice. That's why there's such a big deal about her alleged deletion of tens of thousands of sensitive emails after receiving a subpeona. It's willful destruction of evidence intended to obstruct justice.
Two issues at play. One. Did Hillary or Huma intentionally withhold work emails. That's illegal. Her work emails are gov docs; destroying gov docs is illegal. There would have to be a very explicit email saying, "Hillary says we should delete XXX because XXX" and evidence that those actions were taken. https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/2071 The issue the FBI really examined over the last year is whether she negligently removed classified docs. Technically, she broke the letter of the law, because no intent was required for a negligence change, but the FBI quoted prosecutorial precedent requiring intent. https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/793 Thus, a "smoking gun" would be anything that shows they Hillary/Huma knew the emails on her private server were classified (Hillary for a year claimed none were classified--then claimed she didn't understand the markings)...even though she signed a document stating that she understood info is classified based on content, not markings. To put what Hillary did in context, Powell and Rice had a combined 12 emails later classified, the lowest level of classification and none were classified at the time, and none originated from them. For Hillary, over 2,000 were later classified. The FBI found 110 emails that were classified at the time. 8 email chains contained top secret info. 36 contained secret info. Many of these were marked at the time. Powell and Rice also did not have private servers, which, as a Hillary staffer put it, was "fucking insane." https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/33895
I'm not going to get into major details at the moment, as I'm mobile. I can clarify later if you have questions. But a cliff notes version: The state department has a policy against using personal email for official business. It is believed, and confirmed, she had higher than unclassified information in her email server. That's against all sorts of policy. It doesn't matter when it was or was not classified. The Secretary of state is an original classification authority which means she can set the clarification on things if there isn't a precedent for a specific piece of information. Speculation: she shouldn't be able to say "I didn't know it was classified" because one of her roles is to classify "stuff". Speculation: it's believed that her server was hacked, but I haven't seen the evidence on this. It wouldn't surprise me though. Most internet-connected servers are breeched. Speculation: this investigation shouldn't have anything to do with her running for president. This is an investigation from when she was Secretary of State and whatever "official business" remained in her personal server after she vacationed office (another thing against policy). Now, the timing might be suspect. It's also possible that it just "took this long" to get everything settled to moved forward.
Scary observation: Look at HRC's trends on 538 and reazlie that this news has not been reflected yet in the polls. Look at Ohio and Florida for example.
I don't think this Comey thing is going to hurt her st all, tbh.
I would look at http://pollyvote.com/en/ or http://election.princeton.edu They are both more accurate than fivethirtyeight.
[deleted]
you should have quit when he made it past the primaries lol
Why? If *this* is what it took to win for him, he didn't have anything going for him in the first place.
You are 100% correct. The only reason he is in this is because A: the republicans backed neocon Jeb!, who promised to repeat all his brother's worst mistakes, and B: the democrats backed Hillary, basically a more corrupt version of Jeb!. In Hillary's defense, she had to become corrupt to get really rich. She wasn't born into a wealthy criminal family like the bushes.
Bye Felicia
Not to look, to prosecute.
The NSA does need a warrant to look at anything past metadata.
*wink wink
When they find nothing again comney better fucking resign. All these stupid trump supporters parroting the same line: "If he sent that letter you know he must have found something incriminating." No he didn't. None of them had even looked at ANYTHING yet. Pisses me off.
Looooooool
I know you'll be crying come November 9th. You can PM me if you need a shoulder to cry on.
If they didn't look at anything how do they know they are related to Clintons emails?
[HRC Campaign's Response](http://imgur.com/a/7kVkM)
This whole thing is clinching it for Trump. how sad,
Bush/Cheney "lost" emails dwarf any of Clinton's. They were on a private server too, but let's just forget about them right?
Is bush running for president again!?! I didn't think so. Deflecting is all you have.
Bingo! 22 million emails on a private server set up by the RNC used by 95 percent of his chief advisers and the emails got "lost". And not any random emails about yoga, risotto recipes or dick pics but emails regarding going to war with Iraq. This was so much worse than Clinton's scandal.
I don't disagree with you and those involved should face consequences as well, but that is old news, this is breaking news that directly effects a presidential candidate when the election is less then two weeks away. For you to state that there is nothing in these emails is irresponsible. We know nothing. Could be nothing, could be the bombshell. You seriously are gonna act like you have read all 650k emails. Huma stated that she turned over all evidence to the FBI, and Hillary, who herself stated she only deleted personal emails, if they find new emails that are not of personal nature, she deserves punishment for perjury and obstructing a federal investigation.
Lets not forget any of them. Prison for everyone!
All of them are traitors. To the gallows!
Hahahaha. You think Trump gives a flying fuck about protecting Bush from criminal investigation? Bush, Clinton, Reid, Ryan. All of them belong in jail.
> You think Trump gives a flying fuck about protecting Bush from criminal investigation? Yes. What makes you think he wouldn't? Do you know what kind of favors you buy by letting guys like these off the hook? Trump isn't in the truth, honesty, or justice business.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4ThZcq1oJQ
What's your point? Trump is running for president, we all know he's criticized Bush in the past. The point is he would most definitely not pursue criminal investigation of Bush. He gains much more personally from not prosecuting him. Like he said, Trump is not in the truth, honesty or justice business. He has zero values beyond what furthers his own ego and needs.
Can't believe that people are actually saying the FBI is against Hillary specifically Comney. May I remind you he didn't tell Hillary or anyone else to withhold information from the first investigation.
The world has been asking to see the emails for a year or more and Hillary & Team destroyed them. My hunch is this trove of emails include some of the emails Hillary deleted saying they were personal, thereby perjuring herself to congress. Oops...
The world . . .
Quit picking pepper out of dogshit. A lot of people want to know
I will give you an upvote for that adorably colloquial phrase.
Sit down, Reid. You're next.
It's almost like the people who didn't like Hildog were right.
Comey will be proven to have done the right thing, when this is all said and done. And we all know it. No way he would do this unless it's some definite prison time stuff. Hillary looked extremely worried.
He hasn't looked at the e-mails yet.
Explain how "we all know it?" Especially since it is reported that he did not even have a warrant to examine the emails at the time of sending his letter. "The end's justify the means" is not how American justice works.
I think they look without warrants, which is how they knew to even ask for one. I think we all know, because he wouldn't go through all this unless it was really bad. Play naive, but we know Hillary is about to get exposed. Huma will commit "suicide" soon. We all know it, but will ignore it until it slaps us in the face. Which is sad, because we all know a "default to lying" type of person, and we know we've always felt that way about Hillary.
You "think?" You mean, you "imagine," right? You know if they looked first before the warrant it would be inadmissible? That is how the 4th amendment to the Constitution of the United State of America works. Feel free to refresh yourself on it. The reality here is that your post is devoid of any facts an is nothing more than t_d fan fiction and fantasies. Do you not know how criminal investigations work? Saying they looked, found evidence and then got a warrant afterward would be criminal as they would have lied to the judge about the "probably cause" to search. This would be further supporting Senator Reid's accusations of a Hatch Act violation and also suggesting criminal misconduct. Is that what you're saying?
Okay, so when Hillary isn't exposed and she becomes president for 4 to 8 years, and Huma doesn't commit "suicide", and the FBI finds nothing, will you take a step back and reevaluate the quality of your analysis of information or will you just keep on typing shit on the internet and call it all another conspiracy?
I take all of that back and will wait for more information, as there isn't enough to make a fair judgement at this time.
Hillary will love jail it is no different to her life now. She will be running the joint within a week; afternoon tea with the warden , running a good trade in smuggled mobiles and chocolate bars ... cutting in the guards and having anyone who crosses her shanked by her goons. Hell she can even come out of the closet and munch as much rug as she likes
good, the faster they can actually provide info the better, doubt much is in the emails
650k emails, 10s of thousands of them to/from Clinton, all on a pedo's computer *grabs popcorn*
This is like flashbacks to the 90's at this point. We spent a good chunk of time trying to figure out what Bill did with cigars and his DNA. I see a lot of ink from techies about caches and the such, but my questions is this... who cares and what's the point anymore? What exactly are we looking for at this point? We spent years on these e-mails, and all we have is a battle to see if there were little "C" markings in the header. I mean... you call this a controversy? I grew up in the days of O.J. Simpson and other big marquee cultural time wasting. This seems pretty lame.
The big deal is she committed felonies that put national security at risk. Her corruption makes all the crap against Trump insignificant specks of dust by comparison.
Really you're comparing the OJ trial to this?
Point to those confused: Clinton has already committed the acts necessary for the crime. The FBI is looking for any "mindset" evidence she knowingly broke classification rules, or at least knew the risks involved and proceeded anyway. This could be one email from her or staff. Apparently the FBI director is facing internal pressure because he didn't think evidence of mindset was present (I.e., "Clinton should have known, but was dumb" isn't good enough). Others within the FBI that worked on the case thought there was enough, and this may be a fishing expedition to appease them--it gives the FBI another chance to prove mindset (e.g., an email where Abedin mentions the server risks)
This isn't the real issue. On the surface, it does appear this way, but anyone in this field knows she know what she did. She's known for longer than I've been alive. All of this was to circumvent (or as a result) creating federal records. Records than be requested and must be disclosed under FOIA, unless falling in 9 exemptions. Emails are "records", updated federal record act. For a record to must disclosed, it must be within "agency control". These servers are out outside control. I don't think you guys have heard of it like this before. Everyone in the intelligence agencies and foia officers, and open government watchdogs (like Pogo reference in the wikileaks emails, a nice bunch of folks). Tldr: Everyone who knows anything about federal records and foia knows this is a no-no. This isn't a slip. It's a complete circumvention of American citizens having a legal right to know what's going on in our government. We through that legislature gave ourself the ability to get any email or record we want (short of 9 discretionary exemptions and if the agency denies such record, we can sue to overturn the denial through the judiciary) *Did not proof read*
Likely, the legal definition of crime involves more than just the act. It has three parts to it. You can stomp your feet all you like and cry and scream, but if they aren't able to find the intent and mindset, there is no crime. That's how the law works.
I mean, it depends if you are dealing with a common law crime (general vs si) or some code crime (e.g., adoption of the MPC). For many of the latter, there is a statutory mens rea that doesn't include the common law intent requirements.
I don't like Hillary, and I don't like Trump, but you know damned right that Comey is dirty as hell.
If he wanted to take down Clinton, don't you think he would have done it last time around? He had plenty of cover back then.
Comeys hand was forced in this case. Former assistant FBI director James Kallstrom lays it out [here](http://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/presidential-races/303458-former-fbi-official-clintons-are-a-crime-family) >Kallstrom also said that FBI Director James Comey and the rest of the FBIs leadership were responsible for holding back the investigation, not the rest of the bureau. >The agents are furious with whats going on, I know that for a fact, he said. Comey is corrupted, and the DOJ was hindering the investigation to help Clinton get into office. The Lynch/Clinton meeting was evidence of that to anyone who cared to think critically about the situation. Kallstrom is in contact with many in the FBI and he is a beloved figure to boot. The rank and file in the Bureau are furious with the way this case has been handled and >they overwhelmingly believe [Clinton] to be guilty of a federal crime. And Kallstroms stellar status among agents seems undiminished. And that's from [The Daily Beast for God's sake.](http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/10/30/imagine-if-james-comey-had-kept-quiet-then-thank-him-for-speaking-up.html)
Pretty sure others didn't pay his demands until quite recently.
It's interesting to see both sides wanting to get the emails clear but when it comes to Trump tax returns some don't care. If you want transparency and not to be hypocritical then shouldn't we want to get to the bottom of emails and Trump tax returns? What are your guys thoughts on this? Is it okay that Hillary showed her tax returns and force to show emails, while Trump showed nothing or is it okay because of reasons?
Yeah let's compare our national security to some tax returns.
National security is important. No doubt about that. But tax returns are import too. It's hard to get a security clearance with looking at ones financial credentials. We all want to get to the bottom of the emails but for different reasons. If she is found not breaking national security, then what? Are you saying Trump should release tax returns because of emails?
No. President Trump's tax returns have nothing to do with national security. I have full faith he will release them once his audit is finished. It's not required to wait, but at the same time it's not responsible to give out information until it's vetted. I can't say I agree with the approach, but I'm not put in danger by his decision. Setting up a private server to hide your activity while in public office is a disgrace. Her work product belongs to the American people and we deserve to see it. *Edit: Personal attack removed. Again, I apologize. :(
You have faith he will publish them once the audit is over? You mean as in after he would already have won the election? Hahahahaha. Sucker born every minute. Do you want the rust proof undercoating too? It's 200 dollars extra.
Way to be mature. One of the candidates is a serial liar, not both.
Wait, are you suggesting Trump is not a serial liar? Interesting... I'm curious how you could possibly defend such an outrageous claim.
Lol
The first part of you comment was unnecessary but other than that a good comment. Don't attack someone intelligence because they are asking questions. You get less support that way.
I apologize. You are absolutely right. I should not have gone to that level. Typically, in this sub especially, people often spout bullshit without regard to the truth and put on blinders. Again, I apologize for making assumptions and using direct attacks.
I totally understand where you're coming from. I apologize if I came off the wrong way myself.
Very good point and I wish there was more civility in this election. But it is going to be very hard when the leaders of both parties are attacking everyone on the other side. O would like to see more respect but I haven't even seen a single positive ad for any level of government during his election, it's all just attacking the other guy. It gets old fast. I've always said, I want to vote for a candidate not against their competitor.
If trump broke the law with his taxes then he would have been arrested by the IRS. Whatever is on those tax returns is not illegal and is worthless in a political debate. The fact that that is all that you have shows how weak your argument is.
Worthless in political debate? What a pile of garbage. Why do you think it's been tradition for every presidential candidate to disclose their tax returns?
If you were to apply for a role with an intelligence agency, you need to provide complete financial records, including tax returns. For a high security clearance, they need to know who you're financially involved with, and to whom you might owe money. Why are Clinton's connections always relevant, but not the sources of Trump's income and finance?
Because clinton worked for the PUBLIC. Clinton's emails are the public's property. When you take public office everything you do during your tenure is subject to public knowledge. Trump's financial documents or tax returns are irrelevant since he was a private citizen.
I'm not sure you're following the conversation. Why do you think the government needs to know your financial history when you're applying for security sensitive position?
1. It's not an argument but a question. I want to read other opinion on the matter. Could the same thing been said with Hillary once the FBI found it not illegal. But since he isn't being charged by the IRS for criminal activity he doesn't need to show them. So technically we don't need to see any presidents tax return ever again even if under audit? But we need to see the emails even if the FBI doesn't find any criminal activity? I'm no party, don't carry a bumper sticker or have any signs what so ever. I will vote though but interested in what both sides have to say.
The FBI has already said she broke the law just that he wouldn't bring charges even though the FBI is in open revolt over comey's decision. Tax returns were not even a norm until thirty something years ago so I really don't give a damn if I ever see a president's tax returns again.
Good comment. Would you say the same for health records? I don't remember hearing him say she broke the law but mishandling classified information which has happen in the military. I don't think he said she gave out classified information.
Comey has said multiple times that she has mishandled many classified documents. Health records are different and both parties nominee should have to go through an independent board of doctors to go through their health records and go through an exam but the problem is bias. It would be pretty easy to crash a party's nominee by inserting your mole into the committee of doctor's and saying the nominee is unfit for office thus why it probably hasn't been done.
I'm going to bed. Only on Reddit will you find someone making the claim that tax returns are on par with national security threats. What's even more incredible about it is that the same person tried to justify it after being called out on it. I've had enough internet for today.
Lol! Okay goodnight! I never said it's on par. But neither is every policy is on par. I'm being up two different things and curious if there is reasons to ignore the other. One candidate is accuse of sexual assault and one accused of criminal activity. Those two are closely related than emails and tax returns. I'm just curious how other see emails and tax returns. Some wrote it's not important at all. You could say emails are more important but so are tax returns. You could say you give two shits about tax returns for reasons.
One is a criminal matter the other a personal matter. In the end, you do what you want with your tax returns, there is no law or requirement to show them when running for election.
Is that the same referring to health records as well? One doesn't have to show them but should. I guess I don't have to give a resume but probably should if I want the job. It's weird that he doesn't. But yes the email could be a criminal matter if there is evidence of criminal activity. I think we should get to the bottom of emails and have both candidates release tax returns and health records. That's my personal opinion. Should we. It get any tax returns or health records for future presidents?
You heard it here first folks. The Clinton crime family is involved in a child sex ring. Very serious stuff folks. Very nasty people.
Very, VERY tremendously HUGELY bigly, nasty Very, very tremendously hugely bigly nasty.
There child sex ring is big. I'm talking big league.
Their*
*bigly.
Sorry mods, you have to take this up the ass even though you dont normally allow anti-hillcunt content. GG!
I hate this election, I hate the constant witch hunts on Hillary that have been going on for decades. I'm so livid right now.
its not a witch hunt when the hunted is crooked as fuck
It is a witch hunt if it's been going on for three decades. If she was as crooked as everyone wants her to be, she'd've been in jail long ago.
except she has way to much money and power for ANYTHING to EVER happen to her? Take off the blinders, she is EXTREMELY corrupt
"How do you know she's guilty, Jimmy?" "She was found innocent!" "That's not what that means, Jimmy." "No, just look, ok! They investigated her to see if she broke the law. The cops said there wasn't enough to bring charges against her, so they let her go! SEE!" "But, Jimmy, that still doesn't mean she's guilty." "It doesn't mean she's innocent!" "Well that's not really how the law works." "The law is in on it, too!"
"Al Capone never killed anyone or ordered the deaths of anyone." "I think many people would disagree with that, and there is circumstantial evidence to show that is the case." "Then why wasn't he charged with murder or the conspiracy to murder? Checkmate. He's just a tax cheat." The 12 million from Morocco was nothing. Nothing!
Maybe if people would bring up Morocco in a more reasonable manner and less like a midnight rambling of a fever dream, maybe others would listen. Also, the problem with your analogy is that Capone was actually found guilty of crimes that circumstantially connect him to other crimes. Clinton has not been found guilty on either front.
> Clinton has not been found guilty on either front. We will see once the multiple investigations into Clinton's activities finally conclude where we are with that.
Yeah we will see, until then I don't feel comfortable calling someone guilty of something they haven't even been charged with. CALL ME A CRAZY SHILL, but I think our law enforcement is actually pretty good at sorting this out. Innocent until proven guilty is still a thing, unfortunately.
Finally someone says this! Trump has not been proven to have assaulted or harassed any women. It's all hearsay and rumor until he's been tried and convicted in court. It's disgusting how people assume he is guilty.
Why's it always the clintons? Why not Obama or any other Democrat. Nothings stuck yet, but I'm a firm believer that where there is smoke there is fire. They do a lot of the "wrong" things that they shouldn't do. Why a private email server? Why do you have 33k emails about yoga? Why did you even delete them? Shit doesn't add up and hasn't for 30 years. They should know better by now.
Because they are popular powerful liberals, the thing republicans hate most.
Where there's smoke there's fire, but sometimes it's from the torches we carry. With McCarthy it was always the communists, with Republicans it's always the Clintons. I'm not arguing that there aren't legitimate questions and concerns about the clintons, but it gets elevated so quickly that it drowns out the real concerns people can have. Benghazi was a tragedy and there were real lessons we could learn about it, but the Republican party felt it was something they could pin on Hillary that they ended up using a tragedy for some vindictive political agenda. I came out of it with no more answers than when it started except that people *feel* Hillary is responsible the same way people *feel* that the country is on the wrong track but also *feel* that Obama is doing a good job. People feel a lot of things, our Justice system is supposed to be beyond our personal feelings and to be manipulated by political whims.
Looooooool
Hahahaha fuck Hillary. Everyone in this thread is so butt hurt because karma is finally back around!
Why should any of us be butt hurt? She's going to win the election regardless, and come Nov. 9th we'll all be basking in some sweet, sweet schadenfreude.
Hahahahaha Oh wait, you're serious, let me laugh even harder. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA
See you on the 9th. :)
1 down, only 649,999 to go. Sure this email thing will be settled by the election.
ITT: People who do not realize they already have Weiner's emails while investigating him for child porn and sending photos of his dong to an underage female. And Huma's emails (probably to the House of Saud) They found something to connect **CLINTON** to it, and want a warrant to either submit into the **CLINTON CASE** or dig further. They do not do this without reason. There is a damn reason. tl;dr: The Democratic party is nothing short of a Jerry Springer show.
And you know this .. how exactly? Oh, right, you don't and are just making things up. Especially since the story here states that the FBI did not even look at the emails before getting a warrant. Sorry, t_d erotic fan fiction does not equate to facts.
Damn, I swear every link I try to post has already been posted here :| It's like y'all just sit there refreshing all the major news sites so you can post the links right away LE SIGH.
There are more than 3 million people subscribed to this subreddit. It only takes one to beat you to it.
Some people are saying that Twitter can be useful to get an oversight of all new news stories getting released. This message will self-destruct in 5, 4, 3, 2, [1](http://i.giphy.com/rxAhkf1FoYCxG.gif).
People, very smart people. The best people.
650.000 emails? She logged into HRC's account to handle business. Is the FBI capable of recovering the 33.000 deleted emails through this? If yes, we will find out what she has hidden from the FBI.
So they found Huma's hummus recipe?
Funny how this isn't on /r/news or /r/worldnews
They don't allow American political stories there.
Ah, I never realized that for /r/worldnews...My mistake
Nobody should be shocked that there was an October surprise. I'll bet you there's at least one more on Trump just before the election. The truth is, we nominated a candidate who had a high likelihood of something like this happening, and possibly continuing to happen throughout her Presidency.
*We* didn't..
I didn't vote for her either in the primary but she is what we got. I meant more, the royal "we"
The Morning Joe panel just now has been absolutely devastating. The core point here appears to be the WSJ reporting that FBI agents on the Clinton email team were able without a warrant to review the full metadata, and they recommended proceeding to get a warrant for the content based on what they saw. Some have been saying this metadata is the "to and from" but I'm assuming they would review the full email message headers, which contain server IPs, mail client software and precise timestamps. That would be more than enough to do an automated comparison with the evidence FBI already has, so it's hard to escape the conclusion that the FBI agents working the case as well as Comey himself, believe based on a comparison of the evidence in hand, that this stash contains information that's both new and relevant to the case. Anyone claiming that the metadata without the content is meaningless and means that Comey "doesn't know anything" about this are simply misinformed or spinning. Barring a huge FBI conspiracy to throw the election, this is bad fucking news for Hillary Clinton. edit: Mika just said they're trying to get Democrats on to defend Clinton but they're all refusing.
Ding dong the witch is dead. What a time to be alive.lol
if a search warrant was issued, there is probable cause that a specific federal felony was committed.
In this case i think everyone told the judge to just hand out the warrant. The FBI has no idea whats in the emails and its already under investigation for Weiner potentially sexting minors.
Where they'll find... nothing. Of all of the documents that could've proven any wrongdoing from HRC, the most important ones will be found on the 2nds drive? Yeah...
Says the guy who has no clue and probably rarely leaves his home. You should get out more after Trump wins.
You underestimate the powers of Carlos Danger at your own peril.
Hillary is still going to win. Those emails could reveal that Hillary has been "jihadi John" (that masked ISIS member that savagely beheaded those journalists) and she would still win this election. Period.
You sound desperate to convince yourself of this. Boy, you're in for a shock.
Lol! Clearly this is your first election. Your Orange dear leader will get his ass kicked. He never wanted to win the presidency anyway, he just wanted to become even a more popular brand because that's all he cares about. His brand. Which will go to shit anyway. When is his court date for that 13 year old girl he raped again? How about his fraudulent university? Oh this'll be so much fun! This is the beginning of the end for the GOP
Partisanship at its finest folks. HRC supporters are so delusional that they won't care if their leader is associated with ISIS the group that massacres hundreds of thousands and is responsible for many atrocities. Pathetic
And you're the one to talk! Trump is the one that said he could stand in fifth avenue and shoot somebody and wouldn't lose any voters lmao get the fuck outta here with your bullshit homie
You have serious reading comprehension issues
Yellow-dog democrat?
Comey should just say the truth -- he made a mistake in July. She should have been charged. She clearly violated the statute, and there was no reason to give her a pass. She's been crooked her whole career and should have been cashiered in the '90's.
Reid and the democrats need to shut up and deal with it, you chose this person to be your candidate, this was your deal and you knew it all along. Blame HRC, not the FBI or the voters. And then to top it off, he pivots to Russia again. Get your fucking scandals straight.
I hope you say the same thing about your candidate on November 9th. You chose this person to be your candidate, this was your deal and you knew it all along.
I can live with that if the FBI can do their jobs instead of being stonewalled by that hack Lynch. She needs to be hauled off.
Not much of an October surprise. The emails are almost definitely unrelated to the investigation. Just a way to distract, Comey actually broke the law.
CF is under investigation, loooooooooooool
It's funny that redditors don't think the head of the FBI knows and considered the legal implications of his actions. He knows.
Your honor, I suspect so & so of having something illegal on their computer. I don't have any specifics but if you give me a warrant I'll fill you in on the details when I find them.
Poor understanding of what happened. Read the article.
hmmm thats pretty much exactly what's going on behind the veil of fancy law jargon and shady misgivings.
It's actually a pretty good summation. Some law professors have questioned the constitutionality here.
This is all political bullshit. Notice how this is a last minute ploy right when Trump is facing utter defeat. I wonder who got paid to open this up again, and not actually disclose what they are looking at. It could very well be something much less of an issue than the previous emails. Not Saying Clinton isnt horribly corrupt, but so is the entire system including trump
if clinton had turned over the emails when she was subpoenaed instead of using bleach bit and hammers to conceal evidence this wouldnt even be an issue.
to be fair- this would have been over years ago had she turned over her email when she left office as the regulation required. or had Huma turned the laptop in to the FBI before she told them that she had turned over every device that had email on it.
> I wonder who got paid to open this up again Apparently Huma? Why didn't she just cooperate with the original investigation, they were handing out immunity and destroying laptops, so why be so stupid to withhold evidence? Edit autocorrect
probably because she is stupid, and didn't know how a outlook cache works lol
Throw the Corrupt Clintons in jail already
This is beyond annoying. Fuck Comey for this bullshit stunt. It's a total distraction and the risk is a Trump presidency who, just tonight, spoke about the greatness of ISIS leaders and how Putin hates Hillary and wouldn't it be great if we could just do what Russia wants us to? If the risk of Comey's bullshit was a McCain or Romney presidency, I'd be agro but I think the US would emerge intact. Not with Trump. For Comey to fuck around like this with Trump as the potential beneficiary is playing with dynamite. Hope his ass gets fired.
When is Comey going to deliver on sensitive info about Trump?
When they have any
http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/flashback-clinton-cheered-11th-hour-indictment-that-doomed-bush-reelection/article/2606000
Just in case you needed proof that the Clintons don't kill people who are political liabilities to them - there's Anthony Wiener.
So, people should be aware that there is a possibility that by voting for clinton, they may be voting for the VP? Oh, and what happens if Clinton drops out before election, can this even be done? Can someone like Bernie replace her in such short notice?
Funny part is... if it happend next week. Bernie would likely win in a landslide.
Weird how she didn't bother to release things when asked.........and all this would have gone away months ago
This isn't her computer. It's Weiners and they've had it awhile and he gave them permission to access the files.
One of the few bright spots in this election is that we will have heard from Harry Reid for the last time.
I hate Trump. I despise him in every possible way. I hate Hillary too. I hope she loses. Something'll happen to Trump anyway, so he'll be out of the picture soon enough.
Reid needs to shut up about the Hatch Act. Everybody in the Democratic party in a major position needs to get on the same page and publically say something like how fine of a public server Comey is how much they respect the hard work he has put into this case, how much they are fully willing to cooperate, and after months of investigation they are confident that they won't find anything new that will be relevant in these new emails (and pray that they don't between now and the election). Don't put up any opposition to the investigation at all. And just let the press complain how partisan everything looks and how tis all violates the Hatch act. At this point, it's imperative that the Clintons need to act like it has nothing to hide and not deflect with that this is partisan, Hatch act violation, or a Russian plot to undermine American democracy.
The Russians excuse is tired
Even if its true, Putin?
Yes, it may be true and it's relevant that Russians are interfering in US politics, but in the end every time she throws out the Russians makes Hillary look like she's hiding something. Her main problem is trustworthiness, she needs to try to show that she has absolutely nothing to hide and worry about the Russians later.
I will bet any Trump supporter $500 that Hillary wins. Any takers?
Only if after you win the bet you promise to agree to a double-or-nothing bet regarding impeachment before 2018.
You do know that payouts are based on odds, right? You'd owe Trump supporter somewhere close to 3 grand if he wins...a gambling man would be stupid not to take that bet.
The real winner in this election is the popcorn industry.
I'm just waiting for the Scoobie Do ending to this whole thing when someone rips Hillary Clinton's mask off and reveals its really a long lost Bush relative hiding under that pantsuit. Jinkies! And then Reddit gets blamed for being "darn meddling kids."
This isn't news. The FBI said that they were going to look at the emails, they needed a warrant to do so. This is much ado about nothing. > "cannot yet assess whether or not this material may be significant." It won't be
Which is why Comey should go to jail.
Not sure he did anything illegal. Regardless, there was no "criminal intent"
>It won't be The director of the FBI knows less than you.
It's already been confirmed that there are thousands on state.gov emails found in the metadata on weiners laptop. There are 650,000 emails in total. Huma occasionally logged into Clinton's server using Clinton's name FROM THIS LAPTOP. There will likely be some of the deleted emails found on this laptop.
Oh really? And where are you getting this inside information? I've yet to see a single article indicating any of what you've said. Let me guess ... this is straight from a 'trusted source' and only Breitbart or Drudge Report or random right wing blog has the inside FBI scoop right?
Okay this individual received some emails from Clinton. It's unlikely to be of any consequence. Even if new emails are discovered, I'm not sure what the smoking gun would be.
this is huge news you dud
No it's not. The election will take place before the emails are reviewed and by that point this will not matter. President Trump would prosecute Clinton regardless and President Clinton would not resign or have a criminal case brought against her.
This is it. Say hello to President Donald Trump. Finally, we can go back to real honesty in America and not Hitler-like politics from Democrats.
You're going to be so sad in 9 days.
> Hitler-like Trump is pretty Hitler-like, so...
Lmao, real honesty in America. Like that "I saw news footage of a thousand Muslims dancing in New Jersey on 9/11" kind of American honesty right?
Oh sweet summer child, so much irony in your comment.
You forgot your /s
liberals on suicide watch
Trump is going to lose the election, democrats are poised to take over the senate and maybe house. Keep living that delusion.
liberals on suicide watch
Not a chance on the House, and Comeygate just lost the Democrats the Senate. Now we are just waiting to see how many of the swing states start slipping away. All Hillary needed to do was squash this over a year ago.
Nah were cool, the Comey announce means nothing in the grand scheme, Clinton will still be our next president, and you guys will spend the next 4 years screaming at the wall about imaginary conspiracies...
> were cool Past tense, huh?
Missed an apostrophe...We're
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freudian_slip
You're cute, but I'm still right
It's not your fault.
liberals on suicide watch
Oy...such is the level of intelligence of Trump supporters...
You seen an electoral projection lately? Trump STILL has no path to 270. Sad!
Except there won't even be a wall!
I thought the wall didn't have breaks, or something?
Not a liberal but Hillary is still up in the polls. I don't think they are *rigged* so no concern for them. And who know what Trump will say in the days ahead.
More like trumpsters creaming their pants over another witch-hunt by a Republican federal official. And are going to get disappointed again for finding nothing incriminating.
liberals care about Hillary's emails as much as trump supporters care about him raping people
Haha, when did Don rape someone?
he raped his wife at the time and settled out of court, he raped a 13 year old and is scheduled to go to court on December 16th
How can you be confident that he raped a 13 year old when they haven't gone to court yet. That's literally the whole point of going to court. I have no idea if he did or not, but anyone can be accused of anything, and its the courts job to decide if its true.
>How can you be confident that [s]he --------------- when they haven't gone to court yet. That's literally the whole point of going to court. I have no idea if [s]he did or not, but anyone can be accused of anything, and its the courts job to decide if its true. This sounds familiar somehow but I just can't quite put my finger on how...
Hey, as a supporter of---- oh, no yeah, that's spot on.
She's done even if she's elected
Reid continues to show why he is a terrible human being unable to do anything but be a partisan hack.
Are we supposed to believe they found these emails and didn't read any of them illegally? Whole thing should really be thrown out at this point.
They would probaby never find anything damning on any legally obtained emails.
so they *have* to not use warrants?
Who said that? I didn't. I'm saying that Hillary isn't an idiot. She knows how this works. She will use doublespeak. She will lie. She will get rid of evidence. She may even get rid of people. She won't be convicted of a thing. She WILL be the next president of America.
> She may even get rid of people lol
What about that do you find amusing?
Hillary laughed at the 3rd debate when Trump mentioned terrorists throwing gay people off buildings. She laughed about an African leader being lynched to death. So of course her supporters think killing for political gain is funny, they are just following her example. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CzjDffSIvBY https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FmIRYvJQeHM
oh right, assassination is srs bsns
I am loving this swirling vortex of insanity that Hillary supporters are spinning this weekend.
I know that's what it sounds like, but if they actually find something, I have to think they already knew. I mean they knew there were emails that might be pertinent. They didn't look? Really? See I'm actually spinning this in favor of Trump. Assuming Comey knew he had to get it right before causing a stir, they maybe found something before having a warrant. It's what worries me anyways.
They could have searched the metadata of the emails, seen there were emails coming from the clinton server and that is it. I would expect them to do more digging, up to the limit not to taint the investigation before getting a warrant. You would assume they would need some probable cause to get a warrant. All they would need is to find a single email with a subject line relating to possibly classified information. IDK. At this point its kind of useless to speculate.
> At this point its kind of useless to speculate. Looking over your comment history, this is all you've done for the last day or so. I agree, fairly useless.
That's right, but at least I have tried to speculate within the realm of reason.
[Lmao the Democratic party is so fucked](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WxfhW-HPDVA)
Dump's racist remarks have turned off women, latinos, african americans, immigrants, soldiers, jews and a whole bunch of people.
Maybe the IT guy from reddit forgot about that device since there are 650.000 emails on them!
650,000 emails from Huma on their home computer? Wrong! It's actually a billion top secret emails that Hillary sent about her super top secret evil plot to control the universe! It will take years to read them all! They should just change the name of this sub to r/HillarysEmails!
If they find one reference to the 33,000 emails they had that dude who wrote BDSM stories deleted who used reddit as a source to figure out how, just one, she is FUCKED. The guy obviously wasn't very intelligent, just a normal IT dude who can only follow instructions. Can't disassemble, doesn't understand or how email systems, deltasync (outlook tech), offline cache, etc work. Not a dev. Just a douchebag. I feel bad for him. Is he still alive? Rule of the internet: Once it's on, It's always on.
So, since we are playing the speculation game, what happens if the other guy gets found guilty of fraud and/or rape in the upcoming trials? Which is more egregious: having a private email like Colin Powell, raping a 13 girl, or engaging in a business strictly to defraud? I'll wait ...
Still waiting ...
FBI purposely times investigation to influence election results. This is the moment when I would be real worried as citisen of USA.
The thing that should worry you is that the FBI did not find these emails earlier. How much did Comey restrict the agents involved in the case? Was he pressured to end the investigation without any results?
Or that they found them. But kept quiet about it, in order to time it right, week before election. In that way that it 100% influences election results - wether there is inditement or not. Got to ask yourself. Who is FBI working for ?
They found them mid-October but had to exmaine the meta-data to determine whether or not the information was relevant (they had no warrant). This was after the agents informed them that it might be pertinent. The FBI director was appointed by Obama and works under the Obama administration's Department of Justice. It is clear who they work for.
It is clear who gives the the salary. Not who they work for. After all do not forget that Putin was the one who ordered hackers to obtain these emails and deliver them to FBI. Putin and Trump are long time buisness partners. Now Putin does every possible espionage trick to get Trump elected. Check Mate.
> After all do not forget that Putin was the one who ordered hackers to obtain these emails and deliver them to FBI. But Trump supporters are the crazy conspiracy theorists.
Except its not conspiracy. Putin was directly and officially blamed by USA goverment for ordering Russian military hackers to hack and reveal those emails.
lol nope try again, spin harder!!!
The US government has officially stopped short blaming the Russian government for the hacks. They just stated that they believe that the attacks originated from Russia. Saying that the official US intelligence community's position is directly blaming Putin and saying he gave the order is a pretty big stretch.
It is pretty big stretch. If you had any understanding how international politic works. Which you obviously dont ( otherwise you wouldn't route for Trump ) US government directly blaming Putin for hack is equivalent of "Casus belli". They can not do this, or better say not want to do this - unless they want nukes over your heads. ( To clarify - since some internet people dont understand irony - Such act would be interpreted as open declaration of war ) What they can do is officially stating that " they believe that the attacks originated from Russia " and that the hacks were ordered by high up officials of Russian government. And that is exactly what they did.
Hillary has already won this thing. With this thing, her landslide will be even bigger. Arizona, Texas and Alaska are with her !
Trump is polling around a 25% chance to win this election. Saying stuff like this discourages voting. Don't get complacent, vote!
I don't know where this idea comes from, if anything a likely landslide brings more people to the polls to vote for the winner. I want to see a study done on this. Something tells me the complacency thing is a myth. If you know of any data on it please post it.
"If she's gonna win, why bother" "If she's gonna win, I can vote my conscience" Two crappy lines of thought I've heard both online and IRL.
The witch and her pet are going down, and there is nothing any of you can do to stop it.
hope you don't go on suicide watch when the orange one still loses
If the people vote for Hillary's replacement instead of Donald I'll be okay with that.
That's exactly what I did. If it's not Hillary whatever, I'll take Kaine over Trump anyday
Are you making fun of a man's skin color, you racist?
racist against orange people
Hillary demands the release of her own emails? Why don't you release them bitch? Their YOUR EMAILS.
Which begs the question, why did she bleach delete 33,000 emails to begin with? Especially after they had been subpoenaed? I would have gotten u/stonetear to turn state's evidence so fast...
What are you going to do that would be worse than strangling him to death with a weight set?
I know what I would do to a treacherous person like her. And waterboarding would be the least of it.
that means trump is gonna be president! :)
I hope this at least makes democrats stop appointing fucking republicans to high positions of govt. Everyone of them is a lying scumbag without exception
Comey either feels he has a lot of making up to do to his party, or they blackmailed him somehow.
Or he might be doing his job. Lets wait and see.
Throwing a handful of darts at the board and hoping one hits bullseye isnt doing his job
Hillary should drop out and attempt to save that .000000000000000000000099 ounce of credibility she still has.
I don't think we want our daughters to look up to someone who is the first female US president to be locked in federal prison during her term. She already has made it clear to women the only way to succeed is to cheat, lie and be an overall terrible person.
I totally agree. The only thing she's proven is what everyone thought about her, her husband, her campaign, and the media is 100% true. She's not a role model I wan't my daughters to look up to.
Naw, we just let them get grabbed by the pussy instead.
Drain the swamp!
Yes starting with Trump and his deplorables
So basically the next few days consist of facebook, twitter, Reddit suppressing the truth of what might be?
I don't mean to be a jerk. But what suppression are you talking about?
Suppressing "the truth" no one knows yet. Always a victim, huh?
That's what I hate. We don't know what the heck to expect. I hate waiting. For all we know it could be huge or no big deal. With major social media suppressing it I get the feeling of not so good. A victim? She always plays one. By victim if your referring to me that would be false. Everyone is victim to a government who doesn't put forth there best effort in making sure the people of the country comes first before themselves. Past eight years hasn't been that.
What is social media "suppressing"? No one knows anything. Like I said, always a victim.
And that's why I usually don't post to this sub. Did I ever say she was guilty or major facts have come up? No I have not. Nothing has came out. But when you look at twitter and the hashtag that has thousand more post is below the top when it should be on top. That's suppressing. Reddit won't let thousand of people upvote on certain post. People deserve to know of the process and be able to access it easy enough. They are suppressing it so people don't even see what's going on.
People think this this is a joke and say so on their twitter and you scream SUPPRESSION. Like I said, always a victim.
Yep got me screaming over here. With all my capitals. Typical hill dog. Always getting loud.
Poor baby.
Yeah I'll be taking my victim self to sleep. I just warmed up my bottle. I feel after I sip it down I'll feel more relaxed.
This may be a stupid question. How are emails on one computer? Arnt thry accessible whenever you sign into your account? Or were these emails saved as a .doc?
Assuming they are following Outlook/MS Exchange protocols, they are saved as .PST email files with the filename being the email address, my guess is they plug and play into the program and/or extract them from the AppData folder (assuming it's Windows). Single file can grow very large depending on how many emails are stored.
Sccs crvf
it's like a magic trick ;)
[deleted]
Warrants are like magic. They instantly make what they are intended to discover appear. Like, emails get undeleted and shit all the time because of warrants.
If mr Reid thinks there is explosive Information about trump withhe FBI why doesn't he release it? By what is his source to a fbi investigation, and is t his insinuation or suggestion that the FBI release it encouraging of Or in itself a violation of the Hat h act?
So could this be wikileaks finally coming through?
No, this our democracy eating itself alive.
It's a purge. Clean it up so we can return to actual democracy
He should know better then
Can someone ELI5 The Hatch ACT. This comedy of errors keeps getting worse and worse.
Very broadly, government officials can't use their posts to influence an election.
Legit question: how then can Obama be on the campaign trail for Hillary, and not Doniel? Isn't that influencing the election, since he's doing it for Hillary, and not Donathon?
The Presidency is an exception and is considered a partisan office, so the President is allowed to campaign. Secretary of State, for example, is considered a non-partisan office, so is not allowed to campaign.
Another legit question: shouldn't the Presidency be associated to a non-partisan position? Yes, I understand that he current President is the MVP of the Democratic party, but isn't the goal of the President to represent the most Americans? In other words, shouldn't the ideal goal be a non-partisan President?
The President and certain other elected officials are exempt. It only applies to non political government employees.
Ok, cheers for the info!
Which is hilarious that one of the people yelling this about comey met hillaries husband on a plane the day before ruling. This election has shown me everyone involved is basically a horrible human being and I can't wait for it to be over
Seems like that's the thing to do this year.
It's a law enacted in the 1930's to prevent executive branch employees and appointees (e.g. in the FBI, DOJ) from engaging in actions for the purpose of influencing the outcome of elections. People working in the executive branch are not political in the sense that officials aren't supposed to campaign or advocate for the policies of a specific candidate or party and are supposed to uphold a kind of neutrality as they carry out their duties as part of the presidential administration they are currently working under. In this case, both sides are now claiming that officials in the DOJ and FBI are acting in a partisan manner. But Comey has opened himself of charges of violating the Hatch Act because there are questions about whether or not the timing of his disclosure to congress about new evidence was intended to influence the outcome of the election.
Thanks! Everything with this election sure seems to come at exactly the right/wrong moments.
The FBI is trying to get ahead of phase3 of wikileaks and cull the internal revolt and war with the ag. This will make them look credible again without doing much right before the big bomb drops
I just want to know how many emails are classified recipes! Old white people love emailing some recipes.
So, this election now feels like the last two seasons of himym...
I hope this isn't a ploy to extend the election...
It's not.
Harry Reid is an unabashed liar and no one should believe anything he says without confirmation.
If the FBI has evidence of Trump's Russia ties, the absolutely should release this publicly in the interests of fairness. Now, I disagree with you guys saying that the FBI has nothing here. They had to provide PC to get a warrant, the content was already reviewed by their partners as part of the Weiner investigation, and they probably have a general timeline tagged to the missing Hillary emails--the OST metadata file probably can already tell them if the server emails are new/likely to be the missing Hillary emails. It is all speculation right now, but there is a good chance that the FBI feels they have something (assuming they aren't just trying to influence the election).
If they had something they would have been more specific. They knew about this shit weeks and weeks ago.
so what change has really occurred that all the clinton owned news networks are actually reporting this? because plenty previous and more serious issues were hidden by them.
Becausenthe fbi wouldnt be called in on this from a separate investigation of there wasn't a real smoking gun
Hillary got too far ahead. Lopsided races aren't good for ratings.
So Comey lied to congress?
Well that was pretty much already established. They all did.
Fuck comey the Lackey
Russia-bots are strong with this one
i have no idea what going on now but does this mean that my boy Bernie still has a chance?
Unfortunately not. If something happens to Hillary we likely have a Tim Cain presidency. Which honestly might be the best option at this point...
The new "Dikileaks" investigation is just a sideshow and ploy to make the election seem more real, contested, and partisan in the final stretch than it actually is. I suspect the plan continues to be what it always appeared to be: the duopoly has been unified against the electorate, against true democracy, and any who are not part of the oligarchic command-class. A unified party duopoly is still on plan to give the election to Clinton no matter what, that was long ago pre-decided. Having yet "secured" the presidency (after that added final jolt of cinematic drama) she will proceed, as scheduled (confer: Bush's schedule to invade Iraq), to implement the augmented destruction and or total submission of any remaining non-vassal states in the Middle East, e.g. Syria, Iran, Lebanon. Then it's on to Russia, China--with elite neoliberal "global governance" ultimately being the nec plus ultra of human life and existence on Earth.
Reid is as crooked as they come.
They are all crooked.
She deleted emails THE HUMANITY If I could vote twice for her I would. But vote rigging is a such trump supporter thing to do
Yeah. Just national security. Big whop.
Congress issues a subpeona, 33,000 emails suddenly go missing AFTER subpeona. You would be in PRISON for that. She deleted shit she tried to hide from them. It's not 'she deletes emails'. She intentionally attempted to hide email from the US Congress, under subpeona. Destruction of evidence. She belongs in PRISON. I do not care your political affiliation, our law is rule of law and you must obey our laws or face the consequences regardless if you're a presidential candidate or not. There is no 'oh she's a nice woman look at how she smiles condescendingly at remarks, and look at what she did for benghazi' involved. Law is black and white. Did you break the law? No. Fine. If you did, you serve the time for the crime. She is a CRIMINAL. If any legal entity subpeonad you for every single email you have in your email account, and you deleted even one email, they would throw your ass in prison. Let me repeat: *They would throw your ass in prison*. Edit for emphasis on **They would throw your ass in prison**.
So, why is she still free? It's almost as if something you are describing isn't quite accurate.
Because Comey opted not to prosecute despite acknowledging she committed a crime. They ultimately have the "discretion" not to prosecute if they don't want to for any reason (or none). And in this case, it's because politicians aren't held to the same standards as the little people. Comey claimed the problem was he couldn't prove "intent." The defense is basically, "In my opinion, Hillary is just a poor, naive woman who didn't know that what she was doing was illegal."
Way to nail it. Had anyone else committed similar acts, the FBI wouldn't even consider such a level of ignorance, feigned or not, as an excuse for anything... Setting the precedent for an astronomical double standard between those with power and those without is the real issue people should be concerned with.
Trumpf and republidumbs are in control of the FBI, not Barack Obama xD. Its Donald Drumpf telling them to do this! :) Or maybe the Russians infiltrated the FBI and now its the KGB :-D
Good thing kids don't vote.
Clinton criminal investigation* FTFY
Anyone else get the feeling Tim Kaine is going to be sworn in as President in January?
No.
Never say never
time for HILLARY TO GO TO PRISON and for all you silly gooses to come back to reality
What does Obama have to say about all this? He's still in charge, right?
Maybe Comey should have consulted this guy first? https://twitter.com/CNSFordhamLaw/status/529278421051113472
the guy who wrote that is a republican shit stain
Reids a putz.
It's pretty serious accusation under the circumstances. The likely probative value against Hillary in relation to the email server is pretty low, but the political impact is extreme.
I doubt there will be as much of an impact as Reid might imply. The only thing that would even be a relatively legitimate case would be a 8+ point swing in several battle ground states.
Can't Weiner clear this up? Someone interview him and ask him what he was storing? Or can't Hillary and Huma just provide the relevant emails? Surely they know the content so why wait on Comey to clear it up when they know he won't wrap up before the election? I'm sure Huma must have a pretty good idea here despite playing dumb and Weiner definitely would as well, don't buy this being an accidental sync of some sort.
If you read the information, Weiner already gave then permission to look at it, and they've had the computer for weeks.
Well he could clear a lot up all the same, namely his motives here.
Have we reached the two year anniversary of emails and Benghazi yet? I feel like this is a daily talking point. It's important and all but everyday! Is there something new we can talk about on her about or is this what I'll be hearing for the next 4-8 years. Emails and Benghazi! More investigation in this then all of 9/11.
Because it's a pretty fucking serious matter lmfao a corrupt person could be our President.
Is she corrupt though or we assuming? Is it like saying Trump is a sexual predator?
How does a career politician make as much money as she has? It's pretty obvious.
I would have to disagree. Couldn't we know by tax returns. We don't have evidence of corruption except maybe if emails paint a different story. We will have to wait and see.
Can we jail the Clintonista mods on this subreddit too?
Good job illustrating an incredibly un-American ideal - incarcerate everyone that does not share your worldview. Ironic coming from the camp of supposed Constitutional Originalists. Maybe the problem with the t_d crowd and the Constitution is they have a difficult time counting past "2."
> Ironic coming from the camp of supposed Constitutional Originalists. Oh, you know my constitutional philosophy? How amazingly arrogant of you!
LOL!!! Ok so you're counter argument is that you don't believe in the 4th Amendment protections against illegal search and seizures????? Seriously!!!! Yeah, how arrogant for me to think that you believed in the Bill of Rights!!! Ok then educate me on your philosophy? What parts of the Constitution are A.OK and which need to go? Clearly the 4th Amendment is on your naughty list. What else?
You're so sassy. You'll make great jail bait!
So you have no actual response here? Ok, just checking!!! MAGA on Nov 35th, right?
Relax. There will be a trial first. It will be fair and balanced.
Will that trial be somewhere between Trump's trial for rape and Trump's trial for fraud? Or do you think it will be after? Also, not to burst your bubble too bad, but, what would prevent Obama from pardoning Clinton regardless of the election outcome? Think on that for a bit ...
How did Trump, Obama and Clinton get involved in this? You have a twisted obsession. Some jail time may be necessary until you calm down.
But do you support the incarceration of everyone that does not share your worldview?
I didn't say I supported incarcerating the mods because they didn't share my worldview. I do think they are crooked though it would be kind of fun to consider.
I really just hope we're not stuck with a President Kaine.
idk, I could see him trying to tap Bernie or Warren as VP to try and reunite the party.
No Warren, pls
You don't like a person who lies about being a minority for monetary gain?
Why? I'd take him over either of these two.
Who woke Reid up?
This whole thing should have been sorted before Bernie couldnt recover in the primaries.
This is the same Harry Reid who, protected from defamation laws in the Senate Well, said Romney hadn't paid taxes for 10 years. I'll take just about anything Reid says with a grain of salt.
[SHAME! SHAME! SHAME!] (http://i.imgur.com/53hMYjR.jpg)
Just jail Hillary now. It's over.
Bill and Obama are going to jail too, folks!
You're an idiot.
Can we get a mega thread. This doesn't deserve to to be news
It sure is news. This will be remembered as the straw that broke Hillary's back. The announcement would have never been made if there was no substance to this. The NYPD contacted the FBI because they found something pertinent to the investigation. Comey is a smart man; he knows what he is doing.
There was one, on this sub, got deleted............
I'll bet Weiner is cooperating by giving details on Clintons intent to puposefully use the private server to hide emails from the public. FBI doesnt need more email evidence, just Weiner as a star witness.
As if a pedo predator is going to have any credibility as a witness in court.
Lol how many times have you been featured on /r/iamverysmart
Wait. Why is this post allowed? We have an entire megathread for this topic.
Can't handle the truth getting out?
There is no megathread stickied.
The little weasel from Searchlight is eating his heart out.
