As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil) * Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks) * Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail. * In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users. * Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not. Incivility results in escalating bans from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own. *** *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Trump is so depressing, makes me so pessimistic of our society and how horrible the people are for desiring these abhorrent actions
No one should blame Trump he's just representing the views that around 40% of the country strongly agree with
Horrible people have always existed, and they always will, but to think there are 40-50 million of them in America is really discouraging. I figured us as a better place than that.
Hillary should not have walked back her deplorables comment.
She walked it back because it was bad politically, not because it was untrue
she didn't walk back the "deplorables" part, she walked back the "half" part. maybe it's really 2/3rds
Trump is a torture supporter, but Hillary is the one with the moral failings? Ok...
It's an 'us' versus 'them' scenario. Trumps advocates torturing 'them', the enemy, the threat, the other. Clinton is a threat to 'us', God-fearing, gun-waving, white nationalist Americans. So, Trump's aggressiveness is not only okay, but necessary and a defense. Clinton is evil and a demon. Or so I've heard.
Well, she's a "warhawk" see. I mean, she doesnt say she wants to go to war but she totally is. Now Trump says he will, but that's defending murica when he wants war. This is the twisted crap his followers think.
Nah but like, her assistant had some e-mails on her computer that may or may not be relevant to anything related to governing effectively.
Here we go again, literally arguing for war crimes a few days out from the election. >And speaking just nine days before Election Day, the Republican nominee also bemoaned criticism of waterboarding and appeared to once again call for bringing back the since-banned technique for use in the fight against ISIS. >"These savages are chopping off heads, drowning people. This is medieval times and then we can't do waterboarding? 'It's far too tough,'" Trump said, mocking critics of the technique used by the CIA in interrogations of terror suspects under President George W. Bush's post-9/11 administration.
Waterboarding isn't a war crime. So...
Except the part where it is. Come on over to my place, I'll waterboard you, it'll just be good fun. No harm no foul, I'm sure.
That's weird. Because after ww2 we charged Japanese soldiers with torture charges for waterboarding US POWs
Torture is a war crime. You can read the geneva convention if you want. Torture also doesn't work.This is well understood in the intelligence community.
> Torture is a war crime. Waterboarding isn't torture. > You can read the geneva convention if you want. The Geneva Convention doesn't apply to non-signatories and terrorists. > Torture also doesn't work. Yes it does. France proved it when they dismantled the FLN in Algeria. Everyone knows it works. All the claims against entirely political.
It must be easy being you. Just fucking *deny reality* 100% of the time, and you're good to go. You have learned from Master Trump well, young padawan.
That's what they would all say until they go and get themselves waterboarded and end up [disproving their position](http://www.vanityfair.com/news/2008/08/hitchens200808). If it's not torture then you should let someone waterboard you to prove it's no big deal.
GI Jane got waterboarded lol
oh yes, Bush's lawyer wrote a memo so it wouldn't be torture, but it is [torture.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Waterboarding). It doesn't matter if you do it to a a non-signatory. It's still a crime because we are a signatory. Also you should learn about it, if you're going to throw around Bush/Cheney talkingpoints. It's never worked. http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/comment/torture-it-didnt-work-then-it-doesnt-work-now-9923288.html http://www.newsweek.com/2016/05/20/science-shows-torture-doesnt-work-456854.html
> oh yes, Bush's lawyer wrote a memo so it wouldn't be torture, but it is torture.. Thank you for that definitive source of legal philosophy, Wikipedia. lol > Also you should learn about it, if you're going to throw around Bush/Cheney talkingpoints. It's never worked. France proved it worked in Algeria. Sorry. Your politics posing as 'science' is just politics.
I notice you brought no source at all to your shitty argument
Yes, better head to conservapedia, where global warming is just a hoax, the earth is 6000 years old, and evolution is some devil shit to test our faith! Stupid right wingers...
> better head to conservapedia Or any history book on the 10th Parachute Division in Algeria.
> "I know from personal experience that the abuse of prisoners will produce more bad than good intelligence," -John McCain http://www.latimes.com/nation/la-fg-torture-report-20141210-story.html There's no point in using it if it gives you bad information more often than good information.
John McCain is a politician.
Torturing POW's is a war crime.
Waterboarding isn't torture, and terrorists aren't POWs. So...
> terrorists aren't POWs. Congress declared a war on terror, so much that argument.
LOL. Some people still say this shit with a straight face. I mean, nobody who's ever waterboarded or been waterboarded, but sure.
Oh, we are going back to the old GWB, "if we pretend the people we capture in war aren't POW's then none of the laws apply to them" shtick the Supreme Court amd UN have rejected?
Next he'll say it's an 'enhanced interrogation technique'.
Apparently some people just want us to keep Guantanamo so we can be the laughing stock of the world in regards to adhering to the Geneva conventions. Even expanding its mission.
I think some people want to keep Guantanamo open because they get off on the idea of people they perceive as below them suffering physically.
Ted Cruz you're a pussy!
I swear to God he has the mentality of a five year old. "Well that country got to torture people, why don't I get to?! It's not fair!"
If only Trump had said this in an email, the press would surely talk about it.
So he's basically saying if they act like savages so should we?
Isn't that his whole campaign? *Did you grope women?* "Bill Clinton groped someone 20 years ago!"
Trump is a neocon. That was clear from his Howard Stern interview - when he said we should go back in and finish the job. http://www.mediaite.com/election-2016/donald-trump-lied-about-opposing-iraq-war-supported-it-in-2002-interview-2/
He's far worse than a neocon. They at least supposedly have more standard.
Oh, come on man, he was just being sarcastic... I mean, not *that* sarcastic, but we're still supposed to just infer whatever belief we want from his ramblings. Isn't that good enough for *real* 'murica?
No, he's not. Neocons, as stupid as their foreign policy was, had good intentions. They genuinely thought they were liberating the Iraqi people when they invaded. Donald Trump's foreign policy is more along the lines of naked imperialism.
Good intentions my ass. They saw dollar signs and wanted an unrelenting "generational war" without end.
He literally said we should have taken the oil.
Well he's right about waterboarding, it's easy. Anyone can take it unless they are a pussy. Just ask his brave supporter Sean Hannity who any day now will succumb to waterboarding to show how easy it is.
It's appalling that Sean Hannity can't keep his promise, to be waterboarded for our troops. They deserve to see that. Quit being such a pussy, Sean. It's not even torture, it's so easy to go through it.
The fact that 40%+ of American voters are falling in line behind Trump reveals just how authoritarian the American public has become. I grew up in a conservative Christian town surrounded by even more conservative towns in all directions and have always known that if somebody like Trump came along everybody would eat up authoritarian rhetoric with a spoon. We need to make sure this bafoon is humiliated in the polls on Election Day.
> The fact that 40%+ of American voters are falling in line behind Trump reveals just how authoritarian the American public has become. I think it really reveals how terrible a candidate that hillary is, I miss bernie.
I think it reveals how screwy people are to not realize if she wins, Bernie gets to do a lot for us but if she loses he doesnt get to do jack shit.
I guarantee you all of those Republican base voters who are still backing Trump against Hillary would also be backing him against Bernie. And probably a few more moderate Republicans as well.
And we need to wake conservative Christians up to what they have become.
He would not be nearly as popular if Hillary was not seen as the devil incarnate and their base weren't scared sheep who were skeptical of facts and science.
But notice how they have kept Bush out of this election from before the primaries.
They already did in 2004 when they helped re-elect someone who tortured.
Wasn't officially known, especially the extent. Plus we didn't have irrefutable proof that it wasn't working (as shitty as having to use this reason is). Anyone voting Trump because Hillary is a "warmonger" doesn't listen to his speeches. "Sneak attacks" "Doubling our armed forces" "Crackdown on highest murder rate in 45 years." I don't see how that resonates with anybody.
We knew plenty. This country shamed itself when it re-elected that goon.
> You could have 650 million people pour in and we'd do nothing about it. Think of it. That's what could happen. You triple the size of our country in one week That would be like the entire population of Mexico/Central/South America entering the US at the same time.
Just out of curiosity, I found that annually [about 75 million](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Tourism_rankings) people visit the US as tourists, which equates to about 1.5 million per week. This means that in order to triple our population in one week, there would need to be the equivalent of 62 weeks' worth of visitors every single day. To quote Papa Joe, Donald Trump's ignorance is *so profound*.
If Hillary really managed to do this she would deserve a Nobel prize of logistics. And she would be the reason that prize would be created in the first place.
A glorious culture victory.
Instead the Trump GOP have earned a Nobel prize in stupidity.
> "You could have 650 million people pour in and we'd do nothing about it. Think of it. That's what could happen. You triple the size of our country in one week. Once you lose control of your borders you just have no country folks, you have no country," Fuck it why stop at 650 million? We could have all 7 billion people in this country tomorrow!!! Fucking waterboard the world!
He just had to shut up for a week.
He needed to roll a 7.
But it's a six-sided die!?! Oh, I see what you did there.
Donnie, don't listen to these people. Speak your mind! Tweet to heart's desire.
>You could have 650 million people pour in and we'd do nothing about it. Think of it. That's what could happen. You triple the size of our country in one week I already disagree with the reductionist logic that both candidates speak the same amount of bullshit 100% of the time, but even if you do believe that, *you have to have some standards.* 650 million people in a week? That's more than five times the population of Mexico. *In a week.* This is the most blatant and clumsy appeal to xenophobia and racism I've ever seen. If you're going to feed me bullshit, at least feed me some that respects my intelligence. I know things won't get better once this election is over, but I'll still be glad when it's done.
For someone who likes to suck his own tiny dick about how many billions of dollars he allegedly (doesn't) have, he sure is shitty wirh numbers.
Setting himself up for impeachment in the off chance he does win. Nice, Don.
And who's going to do it? A Trump win is also going to guarantee a GOP House and Senate. He could literally drag Clinton onto the floor of the House Chamber and blow her brains out on live television and they'd give him the fucking Congressional Medal of Honor. He's a Republican and that is all they care about in the end, that he's on *their* team spouting *their* kinds of ideas.
> A Trump win is also going to guarantee a GOP House and Senate That's the opposite of how shit works. The incumbent party almost always loses during midterms and while Hillary might be "slipping" in the polls, the odds of Dems taking the senate have gone up.
That isn't actually the opposite of how shit works. If Trump gains and outperforms Clinton, those are just more votes for down ticket republicans, as the vast majority of people vote down ticket.
I really need an ELI5 on how so many people legitimately support this guy. It's getting beyond comprehension.
Brown people scare a lot of Americans.
Single issue voters based on his abortion stance.
And yet Republicans don't actually want abortion to be illegal, because then they couldn't fake-pretend to do something about it.
They're afraid of people who aren't like them. Trump embodies that fear.
It's scary how many people think this.
I'd say let's all hear it. Bush created ISIS from torture at Abu Ghriab. It became their "bastille." So let's ask them: Trumpalumpas: Explain to us why Trump wants to break international law and wreck US power and influence around the world and why anyone would support that?
News flash: Obama and Hillary support torture.
I *think* I understand what you're saying - that Obama and Hillary secretly carry on a policy of torture - but regardless of the truth of that, having someone who *openly* advocates for torture is in fact worse.
Is this serious?
This answer is probably going to mention Hillary's emails and Iraq vote somehow.
Hillary did say that Bush was responsible for Abu Ghraib. And there are all those extraneous gwb43.com emails that might be on someone else's Outlook out box for Comey to go after...
Echo chambers, believing that sources that oppose their view aren't legitimate, adhering to party lines above all else on politics. It happens to both parties, but this election is where it has shown just how ugly it truly is.
Agreed, I think that's a huge factor. To add to that: [How social media creates angry, poorly informed partisans - Vox](http://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2016/10/26/13413292/social-media-disrupting-politics) [Blue Feed, Red Feed - See Liberal Facebook and Conservative Facebook, Side by Side](http://graphics.wsj.com/blue-feed-red-feed/)
Damn, that second link is terrifying.
Yeah I know right? Social media is a really useful tool in many ways, but politically it allows a lot of people to live in their own reality, mostly just receiving information that confirms their own biases, and reminding them of why their side is right.
I don't know when that was put up, but you should absolutely submit it as it's own post.
They listen to a lot of Fox News and conclude, based on the volume and tone of coverage, that maybe accidentally mishandling emails a few years ago is worse than things like actively advocating for war crimes.
setting up that server was a pretty complex "accident"
Also, the republican side of the media has been calling Hillary out for 20+ years as evil and a criminal, so it's already basically accepted to a large portion of the GOP side, then when Trump comes in and says 'you guys have no idea how bad it really is', it snowballs pretty quick
That's what I don't understand. How are there possibly this many people that can get by of that and don't bother doing any objective fact checking.
It's exactly how Nader explained it: facts aren't important, *emotions* are. It doesn't matter what the facts and experts say. As long as you *feel* you're right, you are.
Facts are really problematic for Republicans. They've based their entire philosophy on pure bullshit. Fundamentalism, trickle down economics, Obama is a Nazi Muslim boogeyman, white people are oppressed, Donald Trump should be President. They have to ignore facts, and invent their own, otherwise they'd have to come to terms with how shitty they are.
And now fox news, after having started to receive crap from the alt-right, is trying to say they aren't MSM, in order to get back their viewership. They started, in some aspects, much of this, and now are reaping what they've sown.
Funny, when Trump refused to do the FOX debate FOX said he was "taking on the MSM!"
He's the richest guy that says Obama's birth certificate is fake.
He's rich so he must be right! ^^^/s
He's already got Sean Hannity's vote
You called him just to be sure. Right?
Someone call Sean Hannity, its been 2749 days since he promised to be waterboarded.
I know taking this big tour of seemingly-lost states was kinda a Hail Mary by Trump, but I really think NM is a waste of time. From [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Mexico#Race_and_ancestry): "The U.S. Census Bureau estimated that 48% of the total 2015 population was Hispanic or Latino of any race, the highest of any state." His presence in NM is just going to zap any complacency Democrat voters might have had in that state.
We're still waiting for your boyfriend Sean Hannity to get waterboarded. He promised he would do that, to raise money for OUR TROOOPS. But he's been a huge pussy about actually doing that.
this guy is an oaf, the drunk uncle making obnoxious political comments during thanksgiving dinner.
Except that millions of dumb assholes want Drunk Uncle Joe to be the actual leader of our country.
Can we waterboard him?
He'd probably pull a Hannity.
Donald Trump is a cartoon villain. And yet people are voting for him. Twice! And then they call us crazy for not wanting a cartoon villain president!
Stoking immigration fears is his whole campaign. Without that he is just a overweight wanabe emperor with no clothes
What does Hannity have to say about Trump touting waterboarding?
how do we know trump said that and it wasn't just the russians trying to interfere with our elections? i watched the video, but it's possible that it was edited and taken out of context. i mean just [look](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRcfgkR3o9w) at how technology can completely change sentences through clever edits.
lol Hillary supporters claiming she would be (and isn't) innocent of war crimes.
Low energy.
