As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil) * Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks) * Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail. * In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users. * Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not. Incivility results in escalating bans from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own. *** *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I've been saying this for months now. Even conservative analysts say he will put us in another recession and explode our deficit. Stocks will tumble if he is elected. Anyone with a 401K should be very worried if that happens.
Our entire government is geared towards padding the bank accounts of the corporate execs. Trump is going to put our economy on a route that serves all americans rather than just the elite. If their multiples take a hit it doesn't bother me one bit and will have little impact on the fundamentals of the economy. I never would have thought the Dems would be the ones supporting big corporate over the average american worker. And yellen is one of the leading economics minds out there and yet she has lead us into another massive bubble. Perhaps there is more to the economy than what the academics circle jerk themselves with?
>Our entire government is geared towards padding the bank accounts of the corporate execs. Trump is going to put our economy on a route that serves all americans rather than just the elite. Trumps economic advisors are Wall Street hedge fund managers and fellow real estate developers. His plan is literally to put the corporate execs that you think our government is too geared towards benefiting in charge of the economy. How does Trumps putting the very elite that you criticize in charge serve all Americans?
Trump listens to advisors from all over the place but he isnt owned by them. Unlike clinton who has literally married into the george soros horror show and lets corporations write her laws a la TPP.
> Trump is going to put our economy on a route that serves all americans rather than just the elite. How? > I never would have thought the Dems would be the ones supporting big corporate over the average american worker. The distribution of Trump tax cuts suggests otherwise. Those factories he promised to reopen? They ain't comin' back. Even if they did, automation means WAY fewer jobs than back when "America was great." And the returning jobs sure as shit ain't paying the union wages workers got a generation ago. > Perhaps there is more to the economy than what the academics circle jerk themselves with? Putting aside the arguments against those nasty pointy headed intellectuals, academics don't agree on shit (demolition derby is a better analogy than circle jerk)... except for one thing. Trump's "plan" sucks. Keynesians, supply siders, Marxists, and radical libertarians all agree you can't simultaneously cut taxes, increase spending, shut off imports/exports, renegotiate debt, reduce the available labor supply, and grow an economy.
> They ain't comin' back. Even if they did, automation means WAY fewer jobs than back when "America was great." This argument is so stupid. Yes I would much rather have automated factories in America with American made robots, overseen by american managers, and being repaired by american workers rather than just firing everyone and moving factories to mexico where there is little automation just cheap labor. -- cutting taxes will stimulate the economy -- increasing spending will stimulate the economy which he can do for as long as rates stay low. -- no one is shutting off imports/exports thats just fear mongering -- renegotiating debt will stimulate the economy -- he also wont be reducing the available labor supply thats more fear mongering. To make up for lowering *illegal* immigration we can turn to this great thing called *legal* immigration which Trump is all for.
>Trump is going to put our economy on a route that serves all americans rather than just the elite. How?
Big one is renegotiating trade deals like nafta that benefit the corporate execs and mexican workers but screw over the American working class.
How about cutting taxes for the rich a whole 19%. Trickle down economics don't work buddy.
Cool as someone thats not rich i'll also get a massive tax cut. He is cutting taxes across the board because he believes, as I do, that we can spend our money much more efficiently than the government can. Better allocation of resources = better growth. Also nothing about our economy is working right now so whatever shitty name you want to give to obamas plan, obamanomics or w/e, is a failure.
he doesnt have a fucking clue because he's an idiot who believes Trump will make America great again by taking back all the jobs peasants in China do screwing together our iPhones.
Trump's plan is literally to enrich the corporate elites at the expense of everybody else. How do you not get that?
Because that's not his plan at all. His economic plans directly places the interests of american workers over those of the corporate owners. This is shown when he said recently he would block the merger of ATT and Time warner. This is shown in his desire to re-negotiate shitty trade deals that pad the pockets of the globalists while shafting the american worker. Why do you think the elite hate him so much? The whole system is trying to bring him down because he is a threat to their system. Why do you think his plan just benefits the elite? I bet just because he is cutting taxes on the rich? That is a false narrative, he is cutting taxes on everyone across the board.
It is. His tax plan gives huge tax cuts to the rich. Tax cuts down the board are not helpful to these people who are already majorly struggling and every economist says will cost an insane amount of money. Trickle down economics do not work. It has never worked, you are being tricked. The idea that he's going to bring back manufacturing jobs is laughable. Manufacturing haven't even been the majority of jobs since like the 60's. He's lying to you. No more so than when he's repeatedly claimed the biggest factories are in Mexico. The biggest is literally in the United States and will be soon replaced by *another* American factory currently being built. Anyhow, his infrastructure plan which costs 10 billion dollars more than Obama's which GOP voted down and is a giant gift to corporate interests. The fucker is himself a fucking globalist!! The mice are going to elect the cat president. How do you not get that he's the most selfish piece of shit currently in the public eye? He has never lifted a finger for others. He constantly fleeces the common man. He has stiffed small business owners at every turn. He pretends to give to charity and gives none. How do you not get this pattern? A obvious piece of shit woke up at 70 and just decided he's a real humanitarian and every step of the way just *happens* to coincide with his own aggrandizement which he's been pursuing his entire life? Seriously, get real. The elites hate him for the same reason all sensible people hate him: He's a fascist dumbass. He's an erratic mess which will destroy faith in America and our economy. EDIT: Also beyond alllll of this: He's a fucking idiot and a liar. You realize that right? He's lies dozens of times per day. He's said he knows more about war than the goddamn generals. Today he said twice that Clinton would let in 650 million (!!!!) immigrants, tripling the size of the United States. This is the guy who you think has a real bead on reality?? This is the guy who's fighting for the common man?
It sounds like everything you think you know about Trump and the economy, you have learned from CNN. You should watch a speech or two of his in the next few days. Even though I think he would have won before, but thanks to Hillary's implosion, we'll get a chance to see how his plans work out over the next 4 years. If it's not going well im sure we'll fall back into this pattern of globalist stagnation in no time
Haha, so which of those things is not true? Are you a proponent of bunk trickle down? Is his infrastructure plan not a giant handout to corporate interests and insanely expensive? How do you defend the fact that he has lied time after time about giving to charity and uses his bullshit charity as a slush fund to pay his debts, bribe attorneys and aggrandize himself? I don't watch any CNN. How do you defend the **myriad** of out and out horseshit he says such as that Hilary will literally triple the size of the United States with immigrant? How can you possibly defend that and his hundreds if not thousands of pure unadulterated lies? You're being played.
Do you even know what his tax plan is sir? It does not seem like you have read it at all..
Stocks would tumble no matter which republican wins the election. When power changes hands to another party, lots of companies that got rich off the policies of the prior party lose value because the gravy train is over
lol what
>Stocks would tumble no matter which republican wins the election. When power changes hands to another party, lots of companies that got rich off the policies of the prior party lose value because the gravy train is over The Dow Jones rallied significantly in Nov 2008.
If the market expects a certain outcome the difference is priced into the market before the actual event. It was clear to anyone paying attention that Obama was a sure thing and would be a complete repudiation of the Bush years. I've seen plausible arguments that a lot of the financial crisis occurred because it just became evident that Iraq was hopeless and the expected payoff from nation building would never materialize, thus the massive drop in npv and all the debt leveraged to make the war possible was never going to be paid back. Then once the election happens the risk-averse basically overpay to rejoin the market. so if market expects current regime to lose power, market will price in a drop before the election then have a rally afterwards. If market expects current regime to retain power, market will stay relatively the same but see a drop after election if opposition wins
Sounds like what the corporatists said the day before the brexit vote went through. Announced that the stock market would crash if even the vote went through. It did and they didn't.
Cut tons of taxes. Do expensive shit on an unimaginable scale. Exit the international economy while magically negotiating "better deals." Coupled with a career cavalier attitude towards debt obligations. Please explain how any part of this doesn't doom the U.S. economy. The Brexit analogies are tired.
Cutting of taxes for businesses and middle class. Go look up what's happened to our manufacturing the past 50 years. Yes Obama grew jobs, but he grew lower class low paying shit jobs and allowed our large businesses to manipulate loopholes Bill and Hillary set in place in the 90s... plus ACA is a disaster it's going to crush the middle class.
The ACA is flawed and needs to be fixed. Have a kid with a pre-existing condition and get laid off. Tell me then how awesome it would be to scrap it without any viable alternative.
ah yes the old "let supply side jesus take the wheel" strategy; bold Cotton, bold.
>Go look up what's happened to our manufacturing the past 50 years. Yes, go look it up. Go and look at how manufacturing output has increased during the Obama administration and at how technology has made manufacturing extremely labor efficient. Try the 538 article, "Manufacturing jobs are never coming back" as a good place to start. >ACA is a disaster it's going to crush the middle . You think that would be the case if Congress was willing to fix it's faults rather than sabotage it?
Can I point out that Brexit hasn't happened yet. That despite the vote nothing has yet changed in the UK, but still the currency has dropped dramatically and job growth has decreased significantly.
They said the same about Brexit. Our PM had to stand down, and the governor of the Bank of England is due to resign in the next few days too. Why? Because their scaremongering was quickly unraveled and all of the scare mongers where left red-faced.
What are you on about? The pound was the worst performing currency in the world in October. The fears around leaving the EU were completely justified.
I guess the whole Earth has had enough of experts.
Stuff like this needs to be repeated more - as much as I dislike Trump for being a bigot, the danger he poses to the economy is a far more universal (and more serious) reason to vote against him.
He's fucking garbage at econ. Just his comments about the national debt are enough to make our interest rates on it higher. We currently don't pay tons in interest because a very short term US bond is very safe. Donald's comments would change that, harming investors (who now can't hedge risks with safe assets) and the government (who has to pay more in interest). This is just an example. He's absolute garbage at policy (not all Republicans are).
Trump: "I'm gonna lower taxes." What everyone else should say: "So where's the money gonna come from to pay for all of these things?" That statement there was posed to me earlier and it was the start of when I decided to drop off the """Trump Train""".
I think a better response would be: So how is raising tariffs, a tax, to insane levels, lowering taxes.
Mejico?
I bet he is thinking he can just print money.
I literally had an alt-right poster argue that as a possible strategy while claiming that taxes were theft. Because that's never had bad consequences. The ignorance is painful.
Are you an ex-Donald supporter? (I have tagged you as such) If so, I have soo many questions, if you ever have a little time over!
> What everyone else should say: "So where's the money gonna come from to pay for all of these things?" Yeah. We said that when Reagan said he was going to lower taxes. Guess where the money came from? Same with GW Bush.
Both Reagan and Bush exploded our deficit. Clinton raised taxes, virtually erasing the deficit while simultaneously overseeing one of the better periods of economic growth and prosperity in the 1990's. Bush's policies led us into the Great Recession. Obama inherited that economy and stabilized and righted the ship. He was unable to pay down the deficit due to the extreme needs of stabilizing the economy. Trump will explode the deficit to unheard of numbers with his reckless policies and we'll be right back to the recession days only probably worse.
The GW Bush presidency put us into an economic crash. Remember 2007? Just found something. https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/800/0*zVQtf7qvwvZKSWsu.jpg
I glanced over Trump's economic plan and saw everyone got a tax cut no matter what their income is. Plus corporations get a tax break. On top of that we're going to fight ISIS, replace Obamacare and built a huge wall? Just doesn't add up.
If you plan to put a lot of people in private prisons and then make them build things, well there is your "economic plan" I guess. Where is all his stuff made again? Maybe he plans to move all his manufactured goods back home or something. What does the private prison system here pay? $0.23 an hour? I am sure he has a really good deal for them.
Don't forget anybody who's invested in a fund made up of American federal bonds. Trump said he would force holders of U.S. federal debt to take a haircut just like he does with his businesses. Which will unnecessarily drive up interest rates on U.S. debt and have a potential increase in interest rates throughout the entire U.S. economy.
Do you have a source on that? Perhaps with video? I want to show that to my friends that know anything about economics while monitering their heart rates to see if they go over 300 BPM. 20% chance of winning according to fivethirtyeight these days.
We already had a freakout over on /r/baseconomics. I think. I'm not sure if that was before or after we considered things like that par for the course
Hmm...if it stays above 15% it might be a larff to buy some options or some other speculative type thing.
http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/?ex_cid=rrpromo It is easily above that right now.
Polls+forecast now has him at 23%... 1 in 4. think on that.
I like those odds.
Here's some CNBC coverage from after his interviw, looks like they dropped out the original video, cause I can't find it: http://www.cnbc.com/2016/05/06/donald-trump-on-us-debt.html Can't find the original CNBC interview video, but he very much called for renegotiating US Debt. Edit - correction, the second video on that page, "Trump on low interest rates" seems to be the initial interview, check the 4 minute mark or so on the video. Why'd they put it second? No fucking clue. And with further editing, it cuts out just before his statements on renegotiation of debt, so I give up.
I'm pretty sure that would also result in a downgrade of U.S. debt since there's no longer a guarantee that U.S. bonds will pay out in full. Sure it's not as bad as a default, but it's still unnecessary risk being added to the economy.
Dude, it's literally a default. You not paying what you owe when you owe it? That's a default. And, let's be clear, if Trump becomes president, no one will buy US bonds, forcing Trump to more than balance the budget, in order to just pay the interest owed
Trump has filed for bankruptcy four different times, so he's quite familiar with default. Unfortunately, he doesn't seem to realize the consequences of that behavior when you do that with the United States.
That stocks will tumble at his election was evidenced on Friday. When news broke about Comey's letter, the Dow sold off, the dollar sold off, and gold rallied. As the day wore on and it became apparent that the letter did not actually contain any information, the Dow and dollar rallied again.
Comey has to resign! If he has an honorable bone in his body he'll do so Monday. If he doesn't do so I hope President Obama asks for his resignation, privately and if he refuses to do so, publicly. The head of the FBI violating the Hatch Act is a horrible look.
Please explain why you think he's violated the Hatch act. Other than serial liar Reid saying so.
He's never said a single fucking thing that made any damn sense. How the hell he has the support he does, just bewilders me. He's a total fraud and huckster and people that would vote for him are completely clueless. It's truly frightening that he has even the slightest chance of becoming our President.
What is your expertise that makes you so knowledgeable about the economy? Is it the shitty article that you just read by a die-hard liberal? Economists are effectively worthless. If they could predict shit about shit, they wouldn't be economists, and they'd be raking in millions.
If the economists are so smart, why weren't they born with a rich daddy like Trump? Trump is such a genius he managed to hang on to some of his father's wealth even after he lost a billion to shitty business decisions.
>(((Economists))) Nice.
Because he does not hate the hard working Americans based on their skin and gender like every other politician does. it like hot topic blame them for everything. [iF LiberalS stop being a bigot maybe more people would start to support them. ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0diJNybk0Mw)
That's because you're hallucinating. Many economists, like Larry Kudlow, as well as many business men such as Harold Hamm and Carl Ichan have enthusiastically endorsed Trump. http://www.cnbc.com/2016/10/16/heres-why-100-business-leaders-support-trump-for-president-commentary.html
> Every element of the Trump plan points synergistically, interactively, and dynamically towards growth. somebody got their degree in business speak. If they had said "cloud", "best of breed", and "mission critical" I would have gotten bingo. /s
> Larry Kudlow LOL >Kudlow firmly denied that the United States would enter a recession in 2007, or that it was in the midst of a recession in early to mid-2008. In December 2007, he wrote: "The recession debate is over. It's not gonna happen. Time to move on. At a bare minimum, we are looking at Goldilocks 2.0. (And that's a minimum). The Bush boom is alive and well. It's finishing up its sixth splendid year with many more years to come".[19] In May 2008 he wrote: "President George W. Bush may turn out to be the top economic forecaster in the country" in his "'R' is for 'Right'".[20] He said that "I don't believe we're heading into a recession" in regards to the large Wall Street drop of August 4, 2011 and recent signs of weaknesses in the United States' GDP.[21]
Carl Icahn is also a joke. He's been a personal supporter and friend of trump for decades, and also took a 100M$ loss on the Taj Mahal casino that failed spectacularly after he took it over. Yet he's being looked at as the potential Treasury Secretary if Trump were to be president. The man who buys out a failing casino, has it completely fail under his ownership, "believes Trump is the only one who can fix the economy." It's so very apparent what's happening.
Larry Kudlow is not an economist. He's a news commentator. Not only does he not have a PhD, his only degree is a BA in History from University of Rochester. The only economist openly supporting Trump to my knowledge is Peter Navarro.
You link to an article by two CEOs (one a steel corporation and another retail chain) and wonder why they're in support of Trump's economic policies?
Democracy is great, but bear in mind that 50% of the US population (to riff off the immortal words of George Carlin) have an IQ of less than 100.
And Trump wants to restrict unchecked immigration from a state with a mean IQ of 88.
exactly, trump's ascent is about a culture war, not economics.
Yeah but 75% have an IQ of over 90.. what a stupid and misleading quote.
The actual George Carlin bit I think he is alluding to is: > Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that.
My roommate here in Canada (who is a Gary Johnson fan of all things, hates Trump and Hillary) showed me a pic tonight which "proved Hilary had people photoshopped into her rallies". The pic had the same 7 or 8 people all photos hopped into a crowd of 150 or so at least 5 times each, and then helpfully highlighted with matching colour circles. It was such a bad PS job that it couldn't possibly be real (unless HRC employed a 14yr old to do i). But he still believed it. Now imagine this scene playing out in a macro scale across the whole continent. People just refuse to Fact check.
Everybody wants answers; some kind of 'fix' for the problems they see around them. Anyone who takes the time to educate themselves quickly finds that there are very few *easy* answers, particularly for the problems that afflict most struggling Americans: Vanishing jobs, stagnant wages, social and cultural changes that frighten them, and so on. But people don't want to hear about the difficulty of solving things. They want to hear solutions that require the least effort - things that fit with their existing beliefs, and result in improvements without much effort on their part. The only way they can hear those kind of fixes is to listen to a liar. The only people who can promise easy fixes are morons and bullshitters. For a lot of people, that's good enough. Trump promises fixes that require nothing from them - they don't have to change their attitudes, they don't need to move to different locations or accept that their jobs aren't coming back. They can go ahead and blame the people they already don't like. The fact that Trumps promises are empty and his solutions won't solve anything doesn't matter. People hear what they want to hear, and that's enough to get their vote.
There's a lot of stupid people who need simple answers that coddle their insecurities and bigotry.
These people are not well suited to comment on economics and I assume other areas of policy.
Put your tunnel vision on, feel left behind by the economy where your parents and grand parents were able to make something of themselves, be given an "other" to blame for all of your problems, and BAM! you have a reason to vote for Trump.
Except your parents and grandparents are voting for Trump too- what's their excuse?
> How the hell he has the support he does, just bewilders me. I think Michael Moore sums it up pretty succinctly.. "**I know a lot of people in Michigan that are planning to vote for Trump and they don't necessarily agree with him. They're not racist or redneck, they're actually pretty decent people and so after talking to a number of them I wanted to write this.** **Donald Trump came to the Detroit Economic Club and stood there in front of Ford Motor executives and said "if you close these factories as you're planning to do in Detroit and build them in Mexico, I'm going to put a 35% tariff on those cars when you send them back and nobody's going to buy them." It was an amazing thing to see. No politician, Republican or Democrat, had ever said anything like that to these executives, and it was music to the ears of people in Michigan and Ohio and Pennsylvania and Wisconsin - the "Brexit" states.** **You live here in Ohio, you know what I'm talking about. Whether Trump means it or not, is kind of irrelevant because he's saying the things to people who are hurting, and that's why every beaten-down, nameless, forgotten working stiff who used to be part of what was called the middle class loves Trump. He is the human Molotov Cocktail that they've been waiting for; the human hand grande that they can legally throw into the system that stole their lives from them. And on November 8, although they lost their jobs, although they've been foreclose on by the bank, next came the divorce and now the wife and kids are gone, the car's been repoed, they haven't had a real vacation in years, they're stuck with the shitty Obamacare bronze plan where you can't even get a fucking Percocet, they've essentially lost everything they had except one thing - the one thing that doesn't cost them a cent and is guaranteed to them by the American constitution: the right to vote.** **They might be penniless, they might be homeless, they might be fucked over and fucked up it doesn't matter, because it's equalized on that day - a millionaire has the same number of votes as the person without a job: one. And there's more of the former middle class than there are in the millionaire class. So on November 8 the dispossessed will walk into the voting booth, be handed a ballot, close the curtain, and take that lever or felt pen or touchscreen and put a big fucking X in the box by the name of the man who has threatened to upend and overturn the very system that has ruined their lives: Donald J Trump.** **They see that the elite who ruined their lives hate Trump. Corporate America hates Trump. Wall Street hates Trump. The career politicians hate Trump. The media hates Trump, after they loved him and created him, and now hate. Thank you media: the enemy of my enemy is who I'm voting for on November 8.** **Yes, on November 8, you Joe Blow, Steve Blow, Bob Blow, Billy Blow, all the Blows get to go and blow up the whole goddamn system because it's your right. Trump's election is going to be the biggest fuck ever recorded in human history and it will feel good**"
>and it will feel good Until they get fucked in ways they didn't realize were even possible. Then, they will be little bitches and blame it on the DNC and Hillary as opposed to being an adult and taking responsibility for their own actions. Everyone has been warned repeatedly what this guy will do--there will be no excuses. I wish everyone who votes/voted for Trump/Clinton/Johnson/whoever had to do so publicly. If and when he wins, they need to be shamed.
Thats the point though - they don't care (and frankly neither do I). The corrupt establishment political elite have got to go by any means necessary - And currently the only vote that can do that is Trump regardless of the fallout.
> The corrupt establishment political elite This doesn't mean anything. Are there specific policies you're against?
I'm a a Ron Paul supporter, and dream of his libertarian utopia every day. - we tried to do it the nice way the last two elections (hell, I tried to keep it nice this election and supported Rand during the primary), but now the gloves are off
ok I don't quite get that though...Trump has been endorsed by the same elites now (after the charade of denouncing him), and his advisors and associates are also the same elites...
They're doing that to prevent their own demise.. the GOP is now the party of trump - they fall in line, or lose their livelihood.
what do you think Trump will do to fix corruption in politics? Even if you agree with his term limit proposal, he can't make it happen. It's been ruled unconstitutional and he's certainly not going to be able to pass an amendment which requires 2/3 support from Congress and then needs to be ratified by at least 38 states.
You can do it without Congress - state legislatures can call a convention and push it through on their own.
I get what Moore is saying, but it's not really true. The average Trump household is in the 70-80k range. There still working at Ford (and Ford isn't planning on moving their jobs to Mexico). They just like Trump and hate Hillary. They've spent their lives in front of a TV set and they think being President really is this easy thing that any of them could do. They think they know Trump because they watched him for years on the apprentice. Moore tries to make a case for us to empathize with- but it's not the reality of the bulk of his support. They are just not very smart people. "If you can't blind them with brilliance, baffle them with bullshit."
I know the feeling he is describing. I gave serious thought to voting for Trump as a FUCK YOU to the Hillary camp for their primary shenanigans. But the thought of Pence becoming president in the quite likely event of Trump not finishing his term scares me too much.
Trump will make it through his term just fine if he makes it.
I think he might be assassinated. Seriously.
> So on November 8 the dispossessed will walk into the voting booth, be handed a ballot, close the curtain, and take that lever or felt pen or touchscreen and put a big fucking X in the box by the name of the man who has threatened to upend and overturn the very system that has ruined their lives: Donald J Trump. And in so doing, they'll give free reign to Paul Ryan and his goons to bend them over and fuck them dry. When those factories *do* close, when Medicaid is gone, when disability is gone, when their houses are completely worthless, when their kids discover they're less employable after 'college' than a rich third grader, when the best work they can hope for is wiping old people's asses for 0.50 an hour... *then* they'll discover they had a lot further to fall, and they handed the sword of their disembowelment to their smiling executioners.
That was very interesting and I can understand the appeal. Basically they're saying the system sucks and they want to replace it. That's good, I even agree. But the system they're trying to enact by voting Trump seems even worse than the system we currently have. A vote for Trump is a vote to try to go back to a nostalgic 1950s world where all the men work at the local factory, all the women are housewives, and everyone is white, straight, and Christian. But that world is gone and frankly wasn't a very happy world for a lot of people. I'm totally down with replacing the current system with a new system that works for everyone, by Trump's plan isn't it.
The sad thing is that these people have been sold a big fat lie. Trump will never deliver on any of his promises, he doesn't even want to, even if he did he has neither the political acumen or the connections to accomplish anything in the legislature. But worse, is that Trump will undoubtedly be worse for the economy in every single way. Describing Trump as a Molotov Cocktail is the best way to describe him, because these blue collar voters are idiots playing with fire, oblivious to the fact they could burn their own damn house down trying to stick it to the man.
And the point is that it doesn't matter - it's a "what have you got to lose" proposition, and for these voters the answer is not much.
> it's a "what have you got to lose" proposition, and for these voters the answer is not much. This was said a lot during brexit, but the people making these complaints have never spent time in places like Bangladesh.
> for these voters the answer is not much. Which is what Trump is telling them. In reality, they haven't experienced a true economic disaster. Look at countries where there is no food on the supermarket shelves, purely due to market issues. In recent history, we've yet to experience 25%+ unemployment or inflation. Rock bottom is a LOOOONG way down.
What I've learned this election is that 1/3rd of our country is blatantly misogynistic and racist. I'd say and/or but come on.
This is so elitist. Leftists charges of misogyny and racism this cycle have made those terms toothless.
nah. it was a sort of "loud and proud" thing. people just don't care about hiding it.
Seriously not sure if /s or not.
But let me guess, your one of the "good guys". Have fun with that unearned sense of superiority.
So you've never met me. Have no proof of racism or misogyny in my reddit history. But you assume i am a racist and/or misogynist. It must be depressing to be that cynical.
I've learned 1/3 are bigots, 1/3 are idiots, and 1/3 doesn't care and has already lost all hope. I'm in the latter.
I'd say 1/3 are Republican Party line-toers, but pretty sure they can be lumped in with idiots.
I met a gynecologist last night at a party that said she supports him because a military guy she knows told he that Hillary is mean to enlisted people.
oh for fuck's sake.
Man, maybe she's supporting him because if he gets into office, she'll be totally out of a job. I'm pretty sure President Trump and the Repubs will just deny women have anything a gynecologist needs to look at.
This closing line from a FWD:FWD email from Grandma sums up these people perfectly >I tried to check this out, but was not successful. Therefore, it's unproven. However, I have little doubt it happened!
It's a lamestream media coverup
Ah yes anecdotal evidence the sign of any truly well thought out political opinion.
What? I was just pointing out that it's not all idiots and deplorables.
Deciding who you support in a presidential race because of one piece of anecdotal evidence *isn't* at least a little idiotic?
yes, it is. I'm always blown away when people I assume are rational hold these beliefs.
Don't worry a coworker of mine says she supports Trump because her parents do. She's 32.
I'd imagine that Trump would be good for gynecologists, given that he's an amateur one in his spare time.
savage
My brother in law is neither. He's supporting Trump because he thinks its funny how how Trump is shaking up the establishment. He's a self-described slacker who would vote for Johnny Knoxville if he could.
Yep, vote Trump, as a giant fuck you to everyone.
> How the hell he has the support he does, just bewilders me he's a cult leader.
It isn't just Trump. Republican leadership supports and endorse him
It is a crazy phenomenon. Probably the closest thing to explaining it I've heard is the Gish Gallop effect of just pouring it on with fragmented, half-completed thoughts literally destabilizes the listener a bit which, if you're a supporter, lets you come away with effectively believing he said whatever you wanted to hear. But it is a bizarre thing.
I can't believe more people aren't freaked out by [his plan to privatize infrastructure and roads with tolls. ](http://www.businessinsider.com/trump-campaign-1-trillion-infrastructure-plan-with-no-tax-hike-2016-10). Why would anyone volunteer for that type of plan?
I mean, just thinking about his plan to build a wall and make Mexico pay for it, and "re-negotiate" the U.S. debt will China for more than 5 seconds you should realize those sound like the plans of a 9-year old.
He doesn't even explain how he'd renegotiate Chinese debt separately from the largest debt holder, US citizens.
> Ross cited the cheap cost of debt financing due to low interest rates from the Federal Reserve as a reason to launch a huge wave of public investment. He also said that despite the new projects being privately built, the government could assist in running some of them. Gotta love how their idea of "public investment" involves corporations privately building things for profit that maybe the government could help assist running SOME of.
> How the hell he has the support he does, just bewilders me. He basically speaks to the lowest common denominator: Repeats things over and over until his supporters think he's being profound, outright lies about almost everything, demonized political opponents regardless of party. He plays solely on people's fears and unwillingness to actually research information. And yes, it's scary how good at it he is.
Got to love that liberal condescension.
Well, if Republicans hadn't nominated a guy from a reality tv show, you might have a point- but once that happened, they brought it on themselves.
And then there's trump. C'mon both candidates are absolutely terrible and should never have gotten this far. Calling people stupid for disagreeing with you is not going to foster any kind of discussion and only get yourself called stupid. People are (as they do most election years) are just going with the one they think will do the least damage, and for the most part ignoring their state representatives and just going to vote party line and things will stay pretty much the same.
> Calling people stupid for disagreeing with you I wasn't doing that in the slightest. I said Trump plays off people's fears. I fully understand why people that are afraid of the future and think he will make it better. He makes everything seem like doom and gloom, only he can fix it, and only he can keep you safe. Yes people are lazy and don't like to look up information, doesn't matter which party, but he banks on that. "Don't trust the media, it's rigged. Don't trust polls, they're rigged. Don't trust experts that say my plans are terrible. I will make america great again ."
> People are (as they do most election years) are just going with the one they think will do the least damage You can't really claim that with Trump, though. Whether they be economic experts, military experts, whatever, they've all warned that he would be a disaster for the country. Republicans and Democrats alike.
The difference, however, is that Trump supporters believe there won't be any damage done to *themselves*. Any damage done to people that didn't support little Donnie doesn't count.
https://archive.org/details/IntellectualsAndSocietyThomasSowell
Better than Faux Noise Channel
He's like Gertrude Stein, but with way bigger tits and a smaller cock.
Not just this, but right now HRC is probably the WORST candidate to run against trump. She has too many scandals, whether entirely legitimate or not, that really make people distrust her to the point of HATING her. Imagine if this was 2012? Obama would have DESTROYED Trump. No question about it.
It's funny that a lot of Hillary die-hards hate Trump so much - Trump being the candidate is the only reason Hillary has any chance in this election, let alone is an overwhelming favorite. Mitt Romney would have wiped his ass with her in this election.
which means that republicans are complete idiots. any other person would be winning right now against hillary. but then democrats are idiots too. bernie would destroy anyone. There's a reason why economics profs like me endorse hillary though. I get paid hundreds of thousands as a college administrator sitting on my ass. bloated tuition and textbook prices and government funding make that possible. We take the money from all the baristas and that's what makes my comfy life possible. Bernie would take that away from me and let the poor keep their money. Screw that. pay me hundreds of thousands of dollars to administer a multiple choice exam that textbook publishers make for me. A $300 textbook isn't that big of a scam. It could be $3,000. $300 is only 30 hours of working at Starbucks, it's not that bad.
Imagine a Hillary/Cruz election? I think it would be 50/50 right now. That would be another shit-flinging fight as well.
I don't know why Paul Ryan didn't want to run so much; if you remove all of the stuff between him and Trump that came about during this election, he could have moonwalked to the Oval.
that's like saying Bernie should have run because he would have easily beat Hillary. It's just not true. These idiots would vote for Trump all day long no matter what. Same with Hillary. They vote for who they know, who they saw on a TV show, what name they recognize. There are MANY people voting that don't read anything on the news or social media, they just show up and look at the names, and pick the person they know. They can't name the current secretary of state. They can't name one supreme court justice. But they know who Donald Trump is.
Just this once, can we have Obama for a third term? Promise we won't go for a fourth. I consider this an emergency circumstance.
> whether entirely legitimate or not The ones I can think of were virtually created by the GOP. Emails on a server because she wanted to keep using her Blackberry (she wasn't fucking selling nuclear plans to Russia... ), and what else? He family's charity? Did she buy 6.5 foot paintings of herself with charity money? She had nothing to do with the tragedy in Benghazi. etc... We're just pointing back to the fact that we have too many in this nation that choose not to apply critical thought before accepting information, and it's killing us.
Oh man, that be like watching Jon steward pick on a toddler.
if this was 2012 people would have pretended Jeremiah Wright was important news and you'd hear about him all the time, because that's what happened.
I heard something when someone said hillary is the second most unlikable presidential candidate in history and she had the good fortune to run against the most unlikable candidate
how can they research for themselves when all the media and facts are in hillary's pocket? /s
No. He is ENDORSED by Republican leadership. This is not appealing to the people. The elected Republicans support this man and have declared they are voting for him. I don't see how anyone supports and voted for this party.
Because they have their claws dug deep in a lot of American demographics and that just can't change quickly or even in a meaningful amount of time. We always takes years and years in order to get over being wrong for so long. It'll be interesting to see what directions our politics go after these next four years. Maybe exactly the same, maybe there will be a new party, but I have a feeling they'll end up pandering to the same demographics meaning they'll use a lot of the same rhetoric and tactics.
For the politicians, it's because Republicans value party loyalty over the good of the country. Many of them are probably also scared of Trump's base and fear that if they don't support him, they'll be getting a primary challenge in their next election.
> Many of them are probably also scared of Trump's base and fear that if they don't support him, they'll be getting a primary challenge in their next election. There's this. Plus, I think they realize Trump can be easily controlled as long as they stroke his ego just right. "Yes, Donald. Privatizing all public utilities is a BRILLIANT idea. Nobody has ever thought of that before."
I think they plan on impeaching him and putting Pence in, at which point Ryan will, reluctantly, become VP.
> Repeats things over and over until his supporters think he's being profound These idiots must think commercials are deep, too.
These idiots must think commercials are, commercials, commercials are, commercials, they're deep too.
I'm votin' fer Jake from State Farm
You LOVED Brad...
Ugh I hate those commercials so much.
Never underestimate how much their echo chamber has had them frothing at the mouth about Hillary for years on end. Also can't underestimate supply side jesus telling them that he's a successful businessman so he must be capable.
My favorite thing about the "supply side" argument (aside from the general reductionist incoherence of the argument on both sides) is that it doesn't even actually appeal to the supply side at all. Since we're talking about labor markets, firms and hirers (your proverbial "job creators") are demand side actors.
> Since we're talking about labor markets, firms and hirers (your proverbial "job creators") are demand side actors. VERY true. But...who is talking about labor markets? Supply side proponents aren't only talking about labor markets most of the time, so I'm not sure I understand the criticism. But holy hell points go to you for understanding where supply/demand are in the labor market. The number of people who get that wrong is astounding.
Well that's the thing (and the reason for my parenthetical about reductionist absurdity). I've only ever heard the "supply/demand siders" argument from laymen (yes, including you, Al Franken), and rarely is it actually talking about the effects of supply or demand shocks in a given market. That said, whether the argument is about the 'job creators' as employers or rich folks buying things, the point is almost always related to "jobs", hence is more often than not a labor market discussion at the end of the day. The "rich folks" argument is less explicit in this, but even that one appeals to the demand side. I suppose you could make the case that people who advocate for focusing on capital accumulation to improve long run growth aren't specifically talking about a labor market, but I wouldn't call those people "supply siders," I'd call them "macroeconomists." As it's usually made, it's an incoherent argument from both sides. It should be obvious that shocks to either demand or supply affect markets profoundly, just as do regulations on price or quantity. But to most people, they just choose the "side" they feel more ideologically sympathetic to and argue from that point. So rather than having interesting conversations about market structure, exogenous shocks, externality pricing, economic vs legal tax incidence etc., we get "JOB CREATORS" versus "MUH MPC" and get nowhere.
What do you think about the argument that lowering corporate taxes or taxes on the upper class will increase wages? I think this is the argument most conservatives make.
Lowering corporate taxes: This is likely to result in higher wages. Most of the current literature about the economic vs legal incidence of corporate taxes suggest that most of the increased costs are passed on to labor through lower wages. Lowering taxes in the wealthy: Almost certainly not. There's no clear mechanism by which wealthier people's spending/saving/investing is likely to increase wages. That said, assuming the wealthy have higher savings/investment rates, the increased savings/investment might contribute to capital accumulation that improves long run growth, but cutting taxes on income for high earners is probably not a great way to get at this, and guts revenue for important government services. Rather, provide tax advantages for capital gains or similar. Progressive taxes that can redistribute wealth to those in need of a robust social safety net without distorting investment incentives are probably ideal. These would include progressive income taxes, land value taxes, estate taxes (to an extent), progressive consumption taxes, etc.
Thanks for the well written response. I assume you meant higher wages in the second sentence of the first paragraph. Do you have any literature i could read on this, I assumed that it would get passed on to shareholders or to general business expansion but not necessarily wages.
Lowering corporate taxes is the one thing in Trump's plan that makes sense. I guess a broken clock is right twice a day.
Yeah, I guess that's one of the craziest things. All the things his supporters claim that they love about him, aren't even true and five minutes of research would prove it. They say he tells the truth, while he's a pathological liar. They say he tells it like it is, when he just spouts off the most idiotic drivel that has zero meaning and changes his stance on issues like people change their socks. They say he's self made, when he's been handed everything on a silver platter. They say he's a successful businessman, when he's so clearly a fraud and has filed numerous bankruptcies. I could go on. It's maddening. Edit: anger typos
> They say he's a successful businessman, when he's so clearly a fraud and has filed numerous bankruptcies. Ugh, *pleaseeeeeee* remove this. You have plenty of good point but it all gets somewhat sullied with this. Bankruptcies are more or less normal and don't imply much. Is he a great businessman, probably not, no. Is he BAD, no. He's probably mediocre. Overstating the case on one point means people can look and dismiss it out of hand.
When no US bank will lend to him anymore, he's a fraud.
Source? And what do US banks have to do with it? Are foreign banks just idiots who will lend to anyone or something? The "US" part makes me think you have evidence that foreign banks lend to him...but then why would they if he's so obviously a fraud. Something isn't lining up here.
[Source](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/24/business/dealbook/donald-trump-relationship-bankers.html?_r=0) The Ladder Capital (US based lender that is Trump's largest creditor) mentioned in that article is probably largely a conduit for foreign money or US wealthys seeking high returns. Quote from the article: "Several bankers on Wall Street say they are simply not willing to take on what they almost uniformly referred to as Donald risk."
Don't know about US banks, but he owes something like $800 million to the Bank of China. They apparently financed a building for him on the Avenue of the Americas.
Who cares, Professor? You think you're *so* smart with your fancy, smancy degree certifying your expertise in the subject. /s
Fuckin' magnets, how do they work?
You can't explain that!
Stupid science bitch can't even make me mort smarter.
(((Professors))) (((academics))) (((jew s a)))
* [Trumps nonsensical claim he can eliminate $19 trillion in debt in eight years](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2016/04/02/trumps-nonsensical-claim-he-can-eliminate-19-trillion-in-debt-in-eight-years/) * [Trump Fumes Over $19 Trillion National Debt, but His Plan Would Double It](http://www.thefiscaltimes.com/2016/07/28/Trump-Fumes-Over-19-Trillion-National-Debt-His-Plan-Would-Double-It) * [Trump adviser backs off plan to wipe out U.S. debt in 8 years](http://money.cnn.com/2016/08/07/news/economy/trump-debt/) Beyond terrifying that he even has a chance the presidency. No one other than a joke economist will back him.
* Trump said he's going to release his tax returns. Doesn't release his tax returns. * Trump said he's raise taxes on the rich, instead gives them the biggest tax cut in history. * Trump said he'd balance the budget; gives us a deficit 40% larger than what we have now. * Trump said says he's going to close the loopholes. Closes one. One that doesn't affect him at all.
[Stan Veuger, resident scholar at the right-leaning American Enterprise Institute, said Drumpf is setting a ridiculous expectation for growth. He doesnt really know what hes talking about, and his policy platform is so incoherent that he has to make claims like that, Veuger said.](http://thehill.com/policy/finance/302271-drumpfs-growth-projections-leave-economists-in-disbelief)
This is telling because republican politicians do ridiculous things with growth rates. That a right leaning think tank thinks it's crap is REALLY BAD. In most models, you have a baseline GDP (say $100 to make it) and and it grows at 2% per year. Most realistic growth models can show you reduce taxes and that baseline GDP goes from $100 to say, $105 or something. Republican proposals usually change the growth rate (!!!!) which makes it easy for tax cuts to pay for themselves. If a right leaning think tank is saying you're going too far with that, YOU'RE GOING WAY TOO FAR WITH THAT.
Pfft, the people are tired of listening to experts. /s^(because I have to)
You say that like a joke but whenever economists construct theories that don't fall in lockstep with /r/politics priors, people here will happily call economics not a real science and rebuke economists for 'not predicting the financial crisis'. It's what's frustrating about economics. The left and the right take what they *feel* is right and then ignore the rest out of ideology.
There's no /s about it. That has seriously been said in this political climate.
cause he's batshit crazy
there is a lovely sub called /r/badeconomics that has done a lot of work looking into and making fun of trumps policies. heavily researched and backed up with data and other literature sources. https://np.www.reddit.com/r/badeconomics/comments/54qwe6/trump_explains_how_mexico_is_beating_us_at_trade/ https://np.www.reddit.com/r/badeconomics/comments/58wvj1/trumps_first_100_days_or_how_he_stopped_worrying/ https://np.www.reddit.com/r/badeconomics/comments/4aql93/refuting_trumps_platform_megapost/ https://np.www.reddit.com/r/badeconomics/comments/4d4s9o/donald_trump_ill_eliminate_us_debt_by_end_of_2nd/
You should've tried posting critiques from /r/badeconomics against Sanders when he was /r/politics golden boy. They're all neoliberal shills....until they criticize Trump.
Change your links to NP, please (I mod that subreddit).
whoops sorry
np
in both respects :).
Haha I didn't even realize
It's the same plan Kansas has been using. Should end just as well.
I think even Kansas has a better plan
But Trump's is the BEST for wreaking havoc. The best, I tell you.
All we are is dust in the wind?
Carry on, my wayward son. They'll be peace when we are gone. Something, something, something, something. Don't you cry no more.
Lay your weary head to rest...
Trump: "If they won't negotiate with me and accept the US paying essentially nothing on our debts, I'll default ~~all of us~~!" National-scale bankruptcy for everyone! Viva Puerto Rico! Viva Argentina! Viva Greece! Zimbabwe dollars for everyone!"
That actually worked for him in his personal bankruptcies.
Which is why he *thinks* it will work on a national scale.
Well duh. I don't think you need to be an economist to see how stupid donald's economic plans are. Its as if he doesn't even understand basic supply and demand theories.. like how did this guy even run a hotel???
He's had casinos lose money. Casinos.
Think their recent ventures are brand marketing/management after the bankruptcies of the early 90s (along with others). They got the lease to operate a restored federal property for 60 years in DC (grand opening last wk). My opinion is one reason the Donald wants to be Prez at 70 is to drive business to that hotel. If a foreign leader or CEO wants to keep trade steady, where do you think they'll stay?
He doesn't run hotel. He a real estate mogul; he buy lands and subcontract the building and then have someone else manage his hotels and gold courses
That's because economists of all colors have seen the effects of free trade and know how much it does for the people's quality of life. Without free trade, Americans would still be working in unsanitary factories akin to Upton Sinclair's *The Jungle*. And even if we could tap a magic wand to make low-skill, low-pay wage labor viable in the United States, it's still a fool's errand as automation kills off millions of those jobs around the world.
Because the US is totally a free trade market.
Your argument makes no sense. Support free trade all you want but it's completely wrong. The unsanitary conditions in those factories were ended decades before trade liberalization picked up in the 1970s and 1980s, and before we re-opened up trade with China. I don't know why you think we would be working in those conditions if we had kept up our tariffs all these years.
I don't disagree with your point. Those factory conditions were changed by govt regulation. Then they were closed because of free trade. Unfortunately, we have a candidate whose platform aims to both reopen those factories and to get rid of all those pesky regulations holding them back. Edit:factories of that era I mean, not specifically meat processing
This has to be trolling. I like trade but I'm not about to pretend EVERYONE benefits.
I exaggerated in some parts, but free trade is indisputably a net benefit.
I agree with that
is it because they are all riggers getting paid by the Clinton Foundation as part of a massive conspiracy perpetrated by Democrats to stop Donald from making our economy great again because it is their master plan to destroy America and turn it into a failed state? /s (I shouldn't need this but these days it is getting hard to tell sometimes)
Obviously. His plan is total nonsense. Like most things he says.
Because there is nothing good about it. At best it makes the economy unstable.
**If you don't want him as president, please remember to vote against Trump!** Even if you don't like Hillary (I don't), either she or Trump will be president. Please vote against him. Don't just bitch or whine or joke about him. VOTE!!!
I will abstain from voting at this election.
My view is that between the two of them one person is guaranteed to win in two weeks. So if you choose, in this election specifically, to vote third party or not vote at all that only means you stood by while possibly the wrong person got into office. And if millions of people also think that way (as have I in the past), that is powerfully dangerous. SOMEONE will win this election. So instead of thinking it's just choosing between two evils (which I totally get and understand), you should frame it as "Which candidate will do the best thing for this country and it's people?" And that question is super loaded because there's so much at stake, you have to be really thoughtful about it to come up with your own answer that you feel is well informed enough that you can be very confident in your vote and decision. Not voting, in my opinion, does not do anything for anybody and isn't at all helpful. Choosing the BEST candidate possible is.
Letting everyone else decide for you, interesting plan
Even if you abstain in voting for president, there are down-ballot candidates, local races, and (usually) state and local propositions and such. These affect you, and will affect you directly, many of them. At least vote in these, if you can't bring yourself to vote in the presidential portion. CA, my state, has (unfortunately) many propositions, plus local races and measures. These directly affect our state and local budgets and lives. I personally have a bias of "no" regarding state constitutional amendments because I believe statutes which can be undone if expected outcomes are not achieved are better than almost-impossible-to-repeal amendments. It makes me believe that those proposing the amendment have an ulterior motive in ensuring the rule cannot be undone, no matter what problem may arise. So I don't trust them from the start. Very few of these amendment-propositions get a "yes" vote from me.
I will vote against Trump. I'll vote for Jill Stein. Thanks
Jill Stein is a moron though. Anyone running would be torn apart by the smear campaign from the right. And you would be eating it up the whole time.
>Jill Stein is a moron though. Way to argue ad-hom! If you think the problem with Clinton is only because she's been smeared by the right, then you might be a Clinton apologist
Smeared? What about hounded for 30 years paid for by the taxpayers. If she did even 1% of the stuff she is accused of she would have been in court. Either the GOP is totally incompetent or the allegations are lies.
Yea, it's all vast right-wing conspiracy. Strap on those tinfoil hats!
It's not exactly secretive. They throw allegations at her, try to keep it in the news as long as possible, then drop it. How many Benghazi hearings did we have? Hell, McCain was standing in front of the press, calling for more Benghazi hearings, while one was actually happening that he missed.
I'll refer you back to my original point.
How does Sanders get none(?) while Trump gets a few? This just doesn't make sense.
[Neither one was very well supported by economists](https://si.wsj.net/public/resources/images/NA-CJ387_ECONSU_9U_20160310100014.jpg). It turns out that both of them are really, really bad at economics.
as far as I know Trump has 1, the only economists on his board. I suspect Sanders didn't get any because all liberal economists where snatched up by Clinton. It would've been interesting if he brought them on board if he won the primary. I think he had heterodox Stephanie Kelton on his side.
I agree. It's just sad the ultimate crux of the issue is that economists are playing the politics game as well. If it's a candidate they like and there's no one else, they'll draw up an economic argument for that person.
>It's just sad the ultimate crux of the issue is that economists are playing the politics game as well. My extremely biased opinion is that economists primarily like candidates who listen to them, since you probably don't do politician advising as our full time job. I think a lot of the politics game abuses happen dealing within thinktanks, not economic advisors (though this does happen sometimes too, the GOP basically lies about how much they can grow the economy to balance their budget). Also, being a good match for an economists is a two way street. Sure the economist has to like candidates, but the candidates have to be open to their ideas.
It's because they are economists and Trump has the best economists. They have economic plans that haven't even been thought about yet, their going to be so amazing, the best plans ever. They are the best economics, they have economic degrees you haven't even heard about yet, best economists.
Because it's insane.
It wouldn't matter even *if* he had a decent plan, because if he got elected, the stock market would instantly crash.
The real reason is that economists, scientists, foreign policy experts, tech experts, and everyone else with more than a basic education is in cahoots against trump
If Trump wins the stock market seems likely to crash, and things will be on the way down even before he takes office.
It'll be like Brexit.
Indeed. Economics is the big thing forgotten during all the bullshit surrounding Trump. The GOP is, at best, incompetent on economic issues. The white working class, which currently looks to Trump as its savior, is in dire straits, thanks *entirely* to the horrific vandalism of trickle-down. Reaganism has caused nothing but stagnation and decline. Right-wing economics cares nothing for improving the nation. Its sole objective is to dictate who gets the loot. The lies of its proponents -- 'growing the pie', 'rising tide' -- mask their cynical pursuit of victory in a zero-sum game. Reagan's rape of America has gone unhealed for decades and it's irretrievably entrenched a both a plutocracy and a desperate class of serfs. The Dems need to take back congress and ram through some truly progressive measures before America becomes a third world hellhole, where plutocrats and their kids helicopter, from manse to country club, over the top of the people they exploit. The howling and moaning of the Right can safely be ignored until their golden teeth are pulled and they understand that they live amidst a society of human beings, not atop a mound of subservient and expendable resources.
>gop incompetent on economic issues. Seeings as most economists support ending corporate income tax, and switching from an income tax to a sales tax.......
Sure. As long as we see: * A steep energy/carbon tax * Increased and broadened capital gains tax with loopholes firmly closed * Expanded and increased estate tax with *its* loopholes closed * Significant credits to countermand the regressiveness of sales tax
Why do people use the scare tactic of another recession under a Clinton presidency? Our nation has had slow and stable growth, there is no reason we would experience another downturn like we did in 2009.
Why are the comments on that article awful? I just don't understand
They must all be shills! Did I get it right, Trumpets?
Primarily because his "economic" plan has nothing to do with economics.
Aren't these the same guys who were, sans Roubini, cheerleading all the deregulation of the financial industry right up through the 2008 crash? Yeah, let's listen to them some more.
Remember, that economists don't control all of policy, nor do they all work in finance. Furthermore, economists aren't necessarily quants at the banks. Finally, hindsight really is 20/20. It's easy to see the problems that lead to the crash, but it's hard to see how they'd all snowball together.
> the same guys "economists"?
[Noriel Roubini](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nouriel_Roubini)
These "experts" know Hillary will pass TPP as soon as she's elected. It's a full on propaganda push for hillary and the TPP.
lol. the polls are all lying, now it's all the economists. fucking hell. trump is a fucking cult leader.
He told me you would say that!
eCONomists are SHILLS who PROFIT off the TPP in vague ways I will never mention directly!
Trump's tax cuts and elimination of regulations will be great for the economy. Putting a stop to the endless supply of cheap labor, legal and otherwise, will cause real wages to finally start rising. His America First trade policies will bring jobs home. However, the donor class, who has been getting richer and richer off of that cheap labor and pay to play trade deals will suffer.
You're gonna bring jobs home for the machines. Other people didn't steal those jobs, machines did, and that's never going away.
>Trump's tax cuts Not necessarily if it's deficit financed. Could be a good idea though. >elimination of regulations will be great for the economy. These really need to be done on a case by case basis. [here](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22605775) is an example that looks benefictual. > Putting a stop to the endless supply of cheap labor, legal and otherwise, will cause real wages to finally start rising. This is totally backdooring the assumption that natives and immigrants take the same types of jobs. It's also at odds with most people's work in immigration except Borjas. >His America First trade policies will bring jobs home. [employment in the sector fell, while output rose. This looks like automation killed these jobs to me](https://fred.stlouisfed.org/graph/?g=6yjR)
Because levying a universal 35% import tariff totally wouldn't start trade wars or anything.
Reagan imposed a 35% tariff on imported motorcycles and saved the Harley Davidson company.
Reagan slapped a 45% tariff on Japanese motorcycles but Kawasaki and Yamaha were pretty easily able to evade it, but this isn't a single industry. The US imported roughly 2.76 trillion dollars worth of goods in 2015, imagine if everything we imported, from, I dunno, oil, computers, industrial equipment, semiconductors, telephones, and pharmaceuticals were instantly raised in price 35%. Thats a massive disruption on the economy and would likely trigger reactionary trade tariffs from other countries (Mexico, China, probably Taiwan and others). I understand Reagan's seen as the saint of the GOP but I really don't think that's very good evidence that Trumps plan would "work".
Because they'd lose their jobs?
Well if a finance professor said so it must be. Is he a practically self made billionaire?
I find it interesting that they are not citing an Econ professor...
thats because the article is largely disjointed, ignores context and history at the same time, and is basically a spin session about how democrats and their robin hood outlook is much better than having any sort of basic expectations that the citizenry should have some resposibilty and pull their own weight. Thus an actuall econ professor would not be available for comment.
Yeah, he just has an MBA (this also isn't econ). It's weird.
I feel like if you're a Republican running with a plan for radically lower taxes on high-income earners, corporate income and capital gains, and Glenn Hubbard and Greg Mankiw don't endorse you, you've seriously fucked up.
Not sure what that has to do with my comment. Did you mean to reply to someone else?
They're both Republican economists and economics professors who have expressly said they're not endorsing Trump or voting for him.
Were they cited in the article? If not, then > Not sure what that has to do with my comment. Did you mean to reply to someone else?
I get it. You're trying to point out that you're "only" commenting on the fact that the article doesn't cite an econ professor. But it's kind of a stretch to say that his reply to yours is completely unrelated. At the very least, he's addressing a potential implication of your comment. Pretending you don't see the connection just makes you look needlessly pedantic and eristic like the type of guy or gal who needs to be right every time.
> But it's kind of a stretch to say that his reply to yours is completely unrelated. Except it is.
You just said an economics professor wasn't cited in this particular article but there are plenty (including Republican ones) who have said they're not endorsing Trump.
And? Does that magically make a finance professor a better source than actual econ professors?
What part of he just gave you two republican econ professors who trounce Trump's plans do you not understand
What part of they cited a finance professor about the opinion of economists which is shit journalism don't *you* understand?
So finance = economics, now? Lol
where the fuck is the brexit recession these geniuses predicted.
They haven't left the Union yet...
The UK has still not left the EU. You're not going to see much until they invoke article 50.
Pound at 3 decade low, housing prices down, wages down, not exactly booming in the UK
Yea lets blame all that on brexit. http://www.wsj.com/articles/forecasts-of-brexit-gloom-may-be-overdone-1472406752 > Its early, but data so far suggest the British decision to leave the European Union could be another example of a recurring phenomenon: expert predictions of dire consequences to political decisions that end up proving overheated.
Not all, but some part of all. It's a complex multi-variate system.
oh thats rich. so you denounce the economists for predicting economic hardships for Britain following Brexit. Then when given specific examples of what state the British economy is in (decline), you respond with an article that basically says "well it hasn't utterly collapsed yet, and its too quick to tell if these economic indicators are actually a result of Brexit" tbh, you are just showing your ignorance in regards to both economics and politics. britain hasn't even left the EU yet. it takes a hell of a lot of time for that to actually happen. most predictions made by legitimate economists focus on what will actually happen when britain leaves the common market and can no longer benefit from the single market. feel free to google some of that, i'm sure you have no concept of the economics behind the single market and how leaving it will absolutely cause hardship for Britain in the short run, and potentially the long run as well. it truly is basic economics.
tl;dr
No need to lie, we both know you have no conceptual understanding of economics
be nice
What kind of finance professor says that the economy doesn't necessarily grow as taxes are lowered. That is not true. The rest of what he says seems quite right. E:Downvoted?
How much more evidence do you need?
One who hasn't been taught the fraud of Lafferism?
>What kind of finance professor says that the economy doesn't necessarily grow as taxes are lowered? Your comment literally implies that the economy *must* grow as taxes are lowered, and therefore, this professor is wrong. I have no input on the matter, but just wanted to point out why you might have gotten downvoted.
Alot of people know alot about Neoclassical economics which provides a nice framework for economic reality but falls short very very often
All of them? You can't just lower taxes indefinitely. The logical endpoint of that would to scrap tax altogether. Governments can spend tax revenue on public infrastructure which is vital for economic growth. It is also immensely important to civilisation as a whole, to have an entity that can spend significant money on endeavours that would otherwise not be covered under the market system. Cutting tax is not a magical solution that works every time.
You make an assumption that lowering taxes decreases government spending. The thing is that in the article the professor doesn't assume so - he simply says that lowered tax revenue combined with current government spending leads to higher budget deficit. And I agree with him in that. Since he talks about those subjects separately, it's a fair question to ask that how could the economy not grow if people have more money to spend and government spends the same as before. And I'm not nitpicking, the professor specifically said that it is a possibility.
Trickle down economics don't work. Look at Kansas for the most recent example (and Oklahoma, etc)
It depends highly on how the tax cuts are implemented. "Tax cuts always pay for themselves" is trivially false.
Well it depends on the tax cuts. Romer and Romer (2007) showed that a tax cut of 1% of GDP leads to 3% growth of GDP. However, those are for across the board tax cuts. When we look at tax cuts for the top tax bracket, it doesn't have much effect. This is according to a 2012 Congressional Research Service study. Since Trumps tax plan focuses mainly on tax cuts for the rich, it wouldn't grow the economy that much. Sources: http://www.nber.org/papers/w13264 http://www.dpcc.senate.gov/files/documents/CRSTaxesandtheEconomy%20Top%20Rates.pdf
I agree that it largely depends on where the cuts are made. What I was talking about was the business tax Trump has focused on. When those taxes are lowered, businesses are more likely to move into the country and less likely to move out. It does help the economy in terms of employment, wages etc. The real question is whether those cuts are worth it considering the drop in tax gains (which increased business will to some extent offset).
I feel like we ought to just tax passive capital gains on the rich. Make them pay little taxes if they actively want to build a business but pay a lot of taxes if their only plan is to just sit back on stock and bond investments that they have no real involvement in.
Well in that case, Mertens and Ravn (2012) showed that a tax cut of 1% of GDP to corporations lead to a 1.6% increase in GDP in the short run (about 1 year after the tax cut was implemented). However, there was no significant change in long term growth. http://economics.mit.edu/files/7666
I read the study. There seems to be a 0.4 to 0.6 % increase in GDP for a 1% corporate tax cut. That aligns pretty well with other similar studies (Ljungqvist & Smolyansky 2016 "To Cut or Not to Cut" for example). That GDP increase is substantial, especially when considering that the tax base is very elastic and therefore corporate tax cuts are largely self-financing. Now for the long term economic growth. Of course tax cuts alone won't contribute to long term gdp growth measured in percents. Tax cut is not a real shock, and a real shock is required for that. Mainstream view in economics is that the needed real shock is increasing productivity. Corporate tax cuts should be seen as a way to BOOST the GDP in its current state of growth. The boost is permanent, while the gdp growth in percents caused by that boost is naturally only a short term effect.
What do mean by a "real shock"? The whole purpose of the narrative approach is to identify exogenous tax changes. Is their something you find flawed with their identification? In their idenification, they look at tax changes that are meant to change long run growth. So you should expect to see GDP increased in the long run, which they don't find. Also, they are not using percentage change in GDP, but rather percent increase/decrease. So how much above/below normal GDP does get after the tax is implemented.
First of all to answer your question, a real shock in economics is basically any non monetary shock, for example, a new technological innovation that leads to improved productivity. A monetary shock is for example a tax cut/increase or Federal Reserve loosening its monetary policy. >In their idenification, they look at tax changes that are meant to change long run growth. Are we reading the same paper (Martens & Ravn)? They didn't assume that tax rates would affect long run growth of GDP. I don't know where you got that from, because it is so fundamentally wrong. Monetary shocks don't affect long term GDP growth rate and this research certainly didn't even bother to confirm that. >So you should expect to see GDP increased in the long run, which they don't find. It's pretty weird that you point that out since again they didn't even research that. The research is more about short to mid term effects, and for that they found out that lowering corporate tax rates does increase GDP by 0,4% to 0,6% for a 1% tax cut. Take a look at the charts - they go only for 20 quarters (5 years). The paper concludes no evidence that the GDP boost would disappear in the long run. I think that you might be mixing up long term GDP growth with long term GDP increase.
First, do you understand the difference between model testing and identification? They were looking for examples in the historical data for exogenous tax changes that were meant to change long run growth. This is different from raising taxes to pay for new programs or cutting taxes during a recession. Those are endogenous tax changes. They are trying to identify tax changes that have nothing to do with current economic conditions or new programs. That's identification. Now second, are they testing for complete long run effects? No because after a couple a years it's really hard to argue that the affects of the tax changes become really muddy after a while. However, it is reasonable to assume that if after 5 years, if the tax change has no statistically significant effect, it has no effect in the longer term.
Can you point out where exactly does the study say that a corporate tax cut has no significant effect on GDP after 5 years. I didn't find that. If that was the case, it would imply that corporate taxes could be raised while GDP would stay the same in medium, probably also in long run.
Interesting! This same author said this in another paper. >A top marginal rate cut raises real GDP, lowers aggregate unemployment and also has a measurable positive effect on incomes outside of the top 1%. https://mertens.economics.cornell.edu/papers/MTRI_september2015.pdf
The context of tax cuts is also usually completely ignored in this discussions also. A working economy always coincides with a working government during long term periods of growth. This takes a certain amount of taxes to support government functions on a sustainable basis. If a tax cut prevents the government for carrying out functions critical to long term growth like roads and education then any temporary increase in growth is exactly that, temporary. How much the government needs to spend and on what exactly are debatable. There aren't hard and fast rules for tax cuts leading to sustainable GDP growth in all contexts though.
One that knows what he is talking about.
Yup because in a market economy, most shitty economists not qualified to work at a real institution of higher learning would be unemployed or serving fries with that.
I'm an economist and I've been endorsing it for several months now
Can you elaborate? What about it do you see as a positive? I'm interested also in his tax plan. From what I've read online it would benefit me directly
Even the analyses put out by conservative and libertarian leaning economic institutions have not been favorable to Trump's plan. Why do you endorse his plan?
We've had economists say a lot of things, but I don't see anything they said improving the situation. Maybe we need to stop listening to economists, they are failing at their job.
Pre-2008 economists: "Don't worry. Something like a Great Depression will never happen again."
business insider is on the inside with hillary. check the leaks, friends. https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/33731 with that said, trump is a mixed bag imo. trade deals should be a sentence, not thousands of pages long. but trump clearly is not only against trade deals, but free trade itself. not rosy. at least he wants lower taxes - anyone who's ever owned a business knows how much better they could do without the government taking their money and spending it on bombs to blow up brown people thousands of miles away. if you want higher taxes because you think it creates prosperity, you have no idea how wasteful government is.
But we've been getting such sage advice from economists for the last 20 years. I would rather trust a few naked dudes stirring immolated chicken bones with a stick for my economic advice.
Doesn't really mean anything
Economists also predicted in 2007 that there would never be a global financial crisis.
A couple of them did, that's how some people were able to profit off of it. But that's harder to predict than the effect of a bullshit economic policy.
Yes there is a good reason. Many of them are the same economists that have been raving about free trade for years. The same free trade that has fucked everyone that isn't upperclass
You think professors are upper class?
.... I'm at a loss for words.
God, we wish.
[This ain't upper crust](http://www1.salary.com/Professor-Economics-Salary.html) and it's a lot worse for those at smaller schools. Unless you are a well known economist at a high proifile college with plenty of books you aren't making more than a decent amount.
Your own link says a 109k a year average. That's definitely upper class.
