As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil) * Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks) * Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail. * In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users. * Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not. Incivility results in escalating bans from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own. *** *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
FTA: >The term Gold Star family is often used to reference a family that lost a loved one while they were serving in war. Since 1936, the United States has officially recognized these families. >Trump's then campaign manager, Paul Manafort, reportedly had to explain to the GOP presidential candidate what 'Gold Star family' meant. >'The election is about the American people, it's not about you,' Manafort reportedly told Trump, while adding that Khizr Khan was not running for president.
Check out www.taps.org or www.snowballexpress.org if you would like to volunteer or donate to two great charities that provide services for Gold Star families.
Thank you. I had no idea what that term meant either.
>'The election is about the American people, it's not about you,' Manafort reportedly told Trump And that's why he's Trump's *former* campaign manager. Trump wants yes men, not the truth. When he says he'll "hire the best people" what he really means is he'll hire the people who tell him he's the best.
Yeah, that really shouldn't be a thing.
That's just mind blowing ignorance from someone wanting to be commander in chief!!!! I have heard about Gold Star families for years, as they've been very active with Iraq and Afghanistan veterans and mothers who've lost children to the war.
Yeah, but the vast majority of Americans were not familiar with this terminology until the attacks on Kahn. Just because you have unique knowledge doesn't mean you get to assume that everyone else has the same knowledge.
Oh I don't assume everyone has that knowledge. But it's not unique knowledge; it's something that was on the news a great deal. It is CERTAINLY something that a would-be commander in chief would have a fucking clue about though.
So you're saying a CnC should know military things, like how to pronounce "corpsman" correctly in speeches? Amazing!
Thanks for the definition. Before reading this, I was thinking the gold star was a reference to the Jew stars from Nazi Germany. (They were badges that Jewish people were forced to wear for identification.)
But everyone knows what it means!!! Its literally taught in every civics class, every day, every hour!!!! -Trump detractors
>BUT UMMM I DIDN'T KNOW WHAT A GOLD STAR FAMILY WAS AND OBVIOUSLY POLITICIANS SHOULD BE HELD TO THE SAME LOW STANDARD THAT MY DUMB ASS IS HELD TO - most of Reddit, right now
https://imgur.com/FuaqwkA The extent of the proof for this claim, just so you know.
In fairness, I didn't know the term before all this either. But I'm not running for president, I guess.
https://imgur.com/FuaqwkA The extent of the proof for this claim, just so you know.
Omnipotent knowledge is the pre-requisite for being president.
maybe you are running for President
I want YOU to run for president. Madam President Lappy Dick yes please.
God I hope not.
Sorry, bro. I wrote you in.
Shit, he's catching up to Jill Stein.
What did I do to deserve that punishment?
So, when are you going to release your tax forms?
Asking the real questions.
Typical deflection from u/Mongopwn. We demand answers! :P
Russian hacker here, his tax forms are now up on wiki leaks, along with his search history (including incognito mode).
> 'The election is about the American people, it's not about you,' Manafort reportedly told Trump, while adding that Khizr Khan was not running for president. Well, now we know why Manafort was really asked to leave the team. It wasn't his links to Russian interests in Ukraine, it was that he dared tell Donald Trump that something didn't revolve around him.
Lol, shit yeah. This explains it.
I was half-joking, but the fact is that Manafort is a seasoned political operator capable of running a successful campaign, so dropping him was foolish. Trump has no issue with people thinking he's cozy with Putin, either, so I always thought that the ousting of Manafort because he had ties to Russia was a weak theory (Trump didn't care about those ties). Further, people inside the campaign, if I remember correctly, said that Trump wanted someone else in charge--someone who would tap into Trump himself and support the campaign style he wanted. Then came Bannon. So, I do think Manafort caused friction by asking Trump to behave like a proper candidate. Candidates need to be willing to accept the criticism of their top advisors because it helps them improve. Trump didn't like that, though, and he also thinks he knows better than everyone else, so there was no need for Manafort.
I believe this. I didn't know what a gold star family was either until this happened. I had never come across that term before. I think the damning thing about this is that Trump was given good advice, but didn't follow it.
I didn't know the term either, but it was pretty easy to figure out from context clues.
I only know it because of the song ”Mrs Sullivan” by Caroline's Spine. Blue stars for mother's with active sons in the military, gold stars are for mother's that have lost their son in the military.
Thing is, it wasn't phrased in TV director language that strokes Trump's ego. He should have said "look, you're giving too much attention to these background characters and subplot that nobody gives a shit about. It's bad for ratings! People want to see you as the great leader that will Make America Great Again. Not somebody that muddies his hands with this filthy family. Let's move on to the main plot and drop this second-rate subplot" Maybe then, he would have listened.
If Donald were better at *the cyber*, he could have googled the term and not looked like a know-nothing dipshit in front of everyone.
https://imgur.com/FuaqwkA The extent of the proof for this claim, just so you know. If you were better at the cyber you wouldn't believe every article you read with no proof.
Not sure what this has to do with what I said.
sounds like an excellent quality for Chief Executive.
No one really expects everyone to know what a gold star family is. A nominee for president of the United States, though, definitely should.
I thought it was going to be something to do with the star jewish families had to wear in WW2.
Didn't follow it, and fired that somewhat competent campaign manager for what he has now. I'm no Manafort fan but it's like the cubs hiring Fennis Eckersley to close for them in the World Series. Stupid. Makes no sense. But the man was at one point a major leaguer. The crew he has now is like hiring vegas odds makers to cash in on tanking in game 5. That said, go cubs.
Ken Burns mentions it a bit in his world War 2 documentary. It's one of the few times I've heard the term before 2016.
Remember when Cindy Sheehan was all over the new a few years back? I don't recall the news ever referring to her as "gold star mother" or anything. I also had never heard the term before the Khan family became known so I find it really interesting that all of a sudden the entire media, all at once, goes on about "gold star families" like it's a term they've always used.
The neat thing is that your ignorance does not eliminate history. Hell, the last Sunday in September is **Gold Star Mother's Day** Read, and be educated: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Service_flag All 50 U.S. states and Guam offer some form of a specialty license plate for motor vehicles owned by Gold Star family members. Need I copy and paste more stuff at ya?
No need. You sound like a condescending prick.
And you seem woefully unapologetically ignorant, and apologizing for the ignorance of others. Ignorance, in this cause, which led Trump to suggest the filthy Muslims get off stage. Family of an American hero, more hero than you or I. See why I lack respect? See why I don't subscribe to your brand of apologism?
Being unfamiliar with a term is no excuse for being a douche to a family who lost their son. Show me where I ever suggested otherwise. Apologism? Gtfo.
It goes hand-in-hand with knowing anything about the American experience of WWII.
It's been around for almost 100 years. You not being familiar with it doesn't make any difference. Everyone that has lost a loved one in combat knows what it means. So it's not a new or made up thing. Promise.
Wasn't saying it was made up, just that I had never heard it used until the Khan family took the stage and that I find it odd the media started using the term like a buzzword for the Khan family, but not for Cindy Sheehan.
It's because people like you (average American civilian) got tired of hearing about the war 10 years ago. So you forgot about it or tuned it out. The war that I spent my entire 20s fighting is one that never bothered the every day life of Americans. So of course you never heard about a gold star family. It's sad and you didn't want to hear anymore about fighting wars in some far away desert. And why should you care? Starbucks is still open. The mall will still run their sales before the holidays. Gas prices aren't that bad. It never really was your war.
Excuse me, I was in that war. Deployed to Iraq twice - Al Taqaddum and Al Qaim. I can screenshot my awards from MOL to prove it if you want. Don't fucking tell me I've tuned it out. You can fuck right off with your condescending attitude. Not everyone wants to bring up their military service in every post like some douchebag so don't go making assumptions about people. You aren't special here. Good for you, you knew what it was before the media started using it every day to describe the Khan family, but it is not a term that was used as commonly throughout OIF/OEF.
How did you deploy to Iraq twice and never hear what a gold star family is? Did you seriously not loose a single friend over there? Count your blessings man. You can't tell me you were close to somebody that died over there.
media is a fan of copy and pasting one another. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PStpvviPgxk
You're so condescending it hurts. To people that aren't even disagreeing with you.
Just words man. Don't let them hurt you like that.
Well, Cindy Sheehan did found [Gold Star Families for Peace](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gold_Star_Families_for_Peace) in 2005, so at least she was familiar with the term.
He's running for president, he should probably know what that means
I would expect a 70 year old American citizen running for president and promising to send troops into get rid of ISIS would know WTF a gold start family is. I don't expect that from a 18-24 year old redditor who's closest affiliation to the military might be his video game collection. And there's nothing wrong with that. I also wouldn't vote that 18-24 year old into political office at that point in his life.
https://imgur.com/FuaqwkA The extent of the proof for this claim, just so you know.
There's really no excuse for a presidential candidate to not know these things, though. Trump wants to be Commander-in-Chief.
I was in the Army National Guard and world in public affairs for the Guard and I never heard the term till the Kahn family. I just assumed it was something they started using after I left in the late 2000s
>I believe this As much as I dislike Trump... This is Daily Mail.
I didn't know what it was either and I follow news and war closely.
I've never heard the term and I was in the navy with friends deployed. I'm guessing it's more common among combat units though. I was in intelligence.
I had never heard the term and I know some 'gold star families' and grew up next to an air force base.... I'm not really sure how common it actually is.
I didn't know either. I knew their was a special reverence for their families of falling soldiers, but was not familiar with the term.
> reportedly had to explain to the GOP presidential candidate what 'Gold Star family' meant In all fairness I don't think most people today were familiar with that term. That said, I think the context of the furor should have made it clear. During the war, families placed a blue star banner in the window if they had a family member serving in the military, and covered it with a gold star to communicate to the neighborhood that their blue star child had been killed during service. I've also heard that some people created a silver star to communicate that someone was serving overseas and wounded in combat. Having had any meaningful contact with military culture would have introduced you to the term "Gold Star Mother"
I was in the Air Force for 6 years and I wasn't familiar with the term.
Well, maybe it's terminology that is dying out.
Which means less soldiers are dying on the field and leaving less families without a parent or a child. Which is good really, if only there weren't so many wars.
I had only heard of it because a house down the street has Gold Star Family plates on all their cars and I looked them up. Edit: also, it's immediately clear from context what a Gold Star Family is if you have the English skills of a fifth grader.
Wasn't immediately clear for quite a few people in this thread.
No one in this thread is running for president. Well, probably. McMullin might be lurking.
Well I suppose it sucks that as a nation we're repeating 4th grade.
Trump speaks at a [4th grade level](http://www.bostonglobe.com/news/politics/2015/10/20/donald-trump-and-ben-carson-speak-grade-school-level-that-today-voters-can-quickly-grasp/LUCBY6uwQAxiLvvXbVTSUN/story.html), so that might help us understand.
I had assumed that the gold star was a military award until reading this article, but then again I am not American so it's not a term I had heard before the convention.
I know the Silver Star is a medal, don't think there's a gold star.
Blue star means someone is deployed. Gold means someone died. It was more common in WW2 to see the flags in people's windows. Now you only occasionally see them on cars.
Correct. There is a Bronze Star, a Silver Star but no Gold Star because the highest award for gallantry is called the Medal of Honor.
You can get a gold star for winning two or more Navy Crosses.
So what you're saying is that it's not immediately clear what a gold star family is?? Shocker.
I think it's clear to the average person. But you are right, plenty of people might not be bright enough to put two and two together.
There are people commenting on this who have family in the military who didn't know what a "Gold Star Family" was, so not that obvious.
I'm not even sure I actually believe those comments. This is basic to the American experience in WWII when families put the stars in their windows... I mean, of course, education funding has been cut and cut for years now, but shit... the ignorance this implies is rather astounding.
To be fair, the last 15 years of war have touched some branches of service more than others. Of the two at the top of this thread who posted this, one was in the Air Force and another had a brother in the Navy. In an Army community it's a lot more common to see those gold and blue star banners in kitchen windows.
having family in the military? If my wife were a doctor, would I have some special medical knowledge? I was a marine and I can tell you my family doesn't know much of anything about Afghanistan
It's constantly referenced when you learn about WW2, or watch any movie or read any book that references WW2--or even Vietnam. It isn't a well known thing by most people born after the Vietnam War, but that's because we hadn't had a major conflict since then. Desert Storm was pretty low key, and Iraq and Afghanistan was the first war Millennials and the generation before us fought in. If I recall there were 3 main stars in the system; Blue Star - Family Member serving in the war. Silver Star - Family Member wounded in the war. Gold Star - Family Member killed in the war.
More like, the motherfucker knows how to use twitter, but doesn't know to google that shit to learn what it is.
Don't forget he went to military school. Think it would have been mentioned in passing.
A third of my life in the military, didn't learn about blue or gold stars until my third enlistment. This isn't taught, frankly, in any military institution; only during shooting wars do we learn about these stars.
> Don't forget he went to military school. Think it would have been mentioned in passing. My father was a classmate in the same school. My dad says: "He was an asshole then, and he's an asshole now." I'll see if I can find one of his yearbook pics!
His latest personal feud: the former dean of the Army War College. >Donald Trump went on the offensive against a military expert and former dean of the Army War College, Jeff McCausland, who said the Republican nominee’s comments this weekend about the battle to reclaim Mosul in Iraq show he doesn’t have a firm grasp of military strategy. > >“You can tell your military expert that I’ll sit down and I’ll teach him a couple of things,” Trump told ABC’s George Stephanopoulos in an exclusive interview. http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/donald-trump-hell-teach-military-expert-couple-things/story?id=43083480
I wasn't previously familiar with the term. On the other hand, *I'm not fucking running for President of the United States*.
Please look into the "proof" he said he doesn't know what it is. Tell me how legitimate the proof is. This article links to another article. The article has 2 sentences that say "'you do know what a good star family is, right' warned an advisor. 'whats that?' asked trump" That's their "evidence" they want you to believe. How can you take this as fact?
Even if he didn't know the term, basic human decency should have stopped him from attacking them.
Before you judge him, know that the Khan family is FAR from perfect. The father, Khizr Khan, has said that legal institutions should be subordinate to Sharia law. And he was a manager at the same company that was hired by the Royal Embassy of Saudi Arabia in 2016. Of course, Saudi Arabia has given between $10-25 million to the Clinton foundation. [Source](http://i.imgur.com/E5AiEmt.jpg) (I've highlighted in orange the most relevant bits). Original source: https://youtu.be/Vsbr8QMPLWY?t=40m5s
Yeah Trump never said any of that when he attacked them so I don't know why it's relevant. He attacked them because they were Muslims. Plain and simple.
It's association with the rest of the Islamic world. To name just two examples, when 86% of Pakistanis favour stoning for adultery, or 88% of Egyptians favour the death penalty for leaving Islam, then good people should distance themselves from Islam generally, lest they also be perceived under a similar light.
And none of this has anything to do with anything Trump said in his attack on the Kahns and their family. We're talking about what he said, not what you wish that he said. And this isn't even the first time he shit on veterans, for god's sake. When did shitting on service members become ok in the GOP?
Fair enough. I was mainly responding to your point about whether human decency comes into play when criticizing a non-perfect family, even if the attack angle was mistaken.
He was stupid to say anything. All you had to say was "I respect the Kahn's family and their sacrifice, they're allowed to disagree with me" or something like that. Instead he goes for the bait. Every. Single. Time. He has no idea how to tackle these with tact or restraint. It just shows awful judgment again and again.
I'd rather hear what's really on his mind, than the politically correct edited version.
If Hillary and the DNC had any basic human decency they wouldn't have politicized the guys death. They wouldn't have purposely thrown that family into the lime light to attack someone known for fighting back.
Oh for fucks sake...Trump spent a YEAR, and entire YEAR demonizing Muslims, specifically American Muslims and saying they don't support this country and they should be banned and monitored and painting them all as terrorists again and again and again. And then a few Muslims stand up against him and fight back, Muslims that have sacrificed far, FAR more for America then Donald "I don't pay taxes" Trump, and it's their fault? The Kahns have shown courage, grace, and patriotism. They have made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation and have every right to stand on that stage and call Trump out. Trump on the other hand has shown fear, bigotry, hate, and total lack of respect and self control for American servicemen and their families. Nobody should have any pity for Trump...he did this entirely to himself.
When has that *ever* had any influence on his behavior?
I didn't know either, but as soon as I heard the term in context with the Khans as "Gold Star Paren't who's son died in Iraq" it was pretty clear from context and basic extrapolation. So that Donald had to ask isn't exactly a surprise.
Trump is completely immune to good advice.
Yet he winning so must be doing something right.
All advice is useless for Donald, because he is the best at everything and knows the most things.
R/Pyongyang may disagree. Lol
Just ask him!
Kellyanne Conway, Trump's election manager says Trump suffers from Not Invented here syndrome. If he didn't think of it himself then he won't even consider it. As a result the way you get Donald to do anything is to trick him into thinking he thought of the idea.
That describes one of my rommates to a tee.
Wait, so... inception?
Good lord, did she actually say this?
[Last Days of the Trump Campaign](http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2016/10/trump-campaign-final-days.html) > The key to managing Trump, she {Kellyanne Conway} told me, is to let him feel like he is in control — always. “It all has to be his decision in the end,” she said. A Trump donor explained it this way: “Trump has the following personality: NIH-NFW, meaning ‘If it’s not invented here, not invented behind these eyes, then it’s no fucking way.’ ” Turns out it was a Trump donor that actually said that, But Conway is on record saying she treats Trump the same way she treats her pre-school children. >To hear Kellyanne Conway talk about managing her boss is to listen to a mother of four who has had ample experience with unruly toddlers. Instead of criticizing Trump’s angry tweets, for instance, she suggested that he also include a few positive ones. “You had these people saying, ‘Delete the app! Stop tweeting!’ ” she recalled. “I would say, ‘Here are a couple of cool things we should tweet today.’ It’s like saying to someone, ‘How about having two brownies and not six?’ ”
This sounds like exactly the type of person you want as president. A four-year-old.
So basically, treat him as a child and not give him everything he wants, but meet him halfway so he doesn't through a tantrum in the cookie aisle.
>So basically, treat him as a child and not give him everything he wants, but meet him halfway so he doesn't throw a tantrum in the ~~cookie~~ war aisle. FTFY
Exactly like his good friend Vince McMahon.
That really is a textbook symptom of Narcissistic Personality Disorder.
Hey now, the Goldwater Rule exists for a reason.
I actually wrote that textbook. Everyone is talking about what a great narcissist I am, the best.
I saw someone post elsewhere on Reddit that he fits the [Dark Triad](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dark_triad) to a T.
I don't know about that. He's definitely a narcissist, but I don't think we can say for sure if his personality is really Machiabellian or that he has ASPD. I'd wager he's just a narcissist.
TRPers love to talk about how DT they are, and unsurprisingly praise all of Trump's outbursts of unfiltered stupid. Trump isn't Dark Triad, he's entitled spoiled trash born with a silver spoon in his mouth, if he were middle or lower class we would just call him vulgar and uneducated
It always makes me laugh when people talk like that. If you were such an excert, deep, dark, evil social manipulator, why you working in a shitty job? Why you single? Surely if you were such an expert manipualtor with no morals, you'd be making loads of money and be loving life, not working a shitty job to pay the bills whilst you shitpost online? I guess it's easier to believe "oooh deep down I'm dark and powerful and in control" than "I'm a socially awkward dude who is unable to operate in normal social frameworks".
Nah, the damning part is that after it was all explained to him, Donald said: "I prefer the families of the kids who don't get killed"
I had never heard the term, even after having a brother in the Navy for 12years, and doing 4 in the Marines myself.
I was in the military for 10 years before I learned the term.
Honestly I think it's exploitative and downright offensive to call them that; to suggest that unless you sent one of your kids to die, you have a low-quality family....
Hmm 85d
Active? I know px's have parking spaces reserved for gold star families.
I have been in for 7 years and just heard this term last month. It seems to have gained some traction recently.
I have no military experience but I am quite familiar with the term. ^^what ^^was ^^your ^^point?
That it's not exactly common knowledge even to people who you would think would know, so it doesn't make sense to mock Trump for not knowing it. There are much better things to mock him for.
See, the thing is that this is the sort of knowledge that a politician should have. But Trump isn't a politician. He has no political experience whatsoever. The fact that he's running for the highest office, without even basic knowledge of political terms, is completely laughable. It's not common knowledge to the common folk. It's not *our job* to know this stuff. It's the job of a politician to know this stuff. If Trump wants to be a politician, then he should have put in at least the minimal effort.
I mean this isn't exactly important, the term has pretty much fallen out of use since WWII. [Google trends show the term as being nonexistent until this crisis](https://www.google.com/trends/explore?date=all&geo=US&q=gold%20star%20family). This isn't a big deal, and when the media makes crap like this out to be some major scandal then people don't take the actual issues as seriously.
> That it's not exactly common knowledge even to people who you would think would know, so it doesn't make sense to mock Trump for not knowing it. Its not common for people to run for POTUS, so it makes sense to mock him for not knowing something so basic to the American experience.
That last line is so funny. "something so basic to the American experience"...
Yeah... no... it is not funny, its sad.
The term 'gold-star family' is not "basic to the American experience." Most people wouldn't immediately know what that refers to.
Because most people are no longer educated in the basics of the American Experience.... which during WWII most definitely had the gold and silver star families. You can thank Republicans for the cuts to education funding over the past 40 years, such that you don't have what used to be considered basic knowledge.... even for a candidate for POTUS. Now get off my lawn!
I think it's less an education issue and more that the term just sort of fell into disuse after WWII Google trends seems to back this up for the last 12 years at least [Link](https://www.google.com/trends/explore?date=all&geo=US&q=gold%20star%20family)
And most people probably don't know where Aleppo is. The person running for President should be held to a much higher standard than most people.
> basic to the American experience. stay on track. don't move those goalposts
The difference with the Aleppo the thing is that it was all over the news the week Johnson was asked about it. It was because of that kid who survived the airstrike. https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/aug/18/boy-in-the-ambulance-image-emerges-syrian-child-aleppo-rubble
Presidents literally cause Gold Star families Trump should have known.
I don't think it's a big deal. He just didn't know a term, one which I imagine isn't used very often considering Khan was the first time I've heard it. But not knowing the term doesn't mean he doesn't understand the concept of having a loved one die. I'm reasonably sure Trump knows that people die. Well I'm somewhat sure, at least.
It is absolutely unacceptable for a presidential candidate not to know what the term 'Gold Star Family' means.
Copied from another reply I made - I think it's less an education issue and more that the term just sort of fell into disuse after WWII Google trends seems to back this up for the last 12 years at least [Link](https://www.google.com/trends/explore?date=all&geo=US&q=gold%20star%20family)
We're not mocking Trump for not knowing what some small little-used term means, we're expressing disgust that when Trump encountered something he knew nothing about (Gold Star Family) instead of doing research, listening to people more knowledgeable then him, and proceeding cautiously, Trump crashes into the topic like a bull in a china shop, shows his ignorance to the world, and spends a week doing self-inflicted wounds due to his own ignorance despite having some of the best advisors helping him. Fools rush in where wise men fear to tread.
> shows his ignorance to the world We don't mock Trump for it in this case. We despise him for showing off his lack of decency and values. Whether or not one knows what a gold star family means, he had no call attacking Ghazala Khan, or bereaved parents of a soldier or claiming he had made 'sacrifices' in that context.
To be fair I think someone running for president should know what gold star family means.
Seriously. This is like going on Jeopardy! and not knowing any Shakespeare or world capitals.
To be fair, I think a President should know how to pronounce "corpsman" in speeches.
Or be smart enough to keep your mouth shut, until you know what your dealing with.
I think that the problem isn't that he didn't know the *term*. It's that he decided that it was the right course of action to attack a family whose son died in the line of duty. Even if you've never heard "gold star family" before, even if you have no idea what it means, it's still pretty fucking obvious to anyone with any compassion that you should show them some respect.
The DNC used that family. That put them out as bait for Trump. Sad the DNC would politicize the guys death and turn the family into a target for criticism.
Yeah, his handling of it was definitely terrible, I was more referring to how the title focused on how he had to ask.
Seems like a lot of people here expect a gold star family would be bringing up their dead loved one in common conversation or something.
As a member of a gold star family (Iraq 2007), it's hard to bring up in everyday conversation, even when the conversation goes in that direction. There's no way to say "my 21 year old brother was killed in Iraq" without making it awkward. Sometimes I think making it awkward is the right thing to do, though. I don't think enough people think about the fact we've been at war for almost 15 years and nobody talks about it. Maybe that's the problem.
I agree. I'm a vet myself and it tough to realize how out of touch the civilian population of America is. We have been at war, but America has been at the mall.
What are they out of touch about?
Exactly.
I was responding to this, but I'm too mad; so many of you don't actually give a fuck, you're so out of touch.
It was completely your choice to work as a mercenary for an empire.
Don't cut yourself on that edge bro.
No edge. I just get sick of the entitlement.
> I don't think enough people think about the fact we've been at war for almost 15 years and nobody talks about it. This is what drives me nuts. Our *norm* is now war... it's ridiculous. So far the war has cost close to $2 *trillion* dollars with so many lives lost and so much of the area over there destabilized. We have more dead soldiers now than people that actually died in the towers collapsing. Imagine if we just stayed the fuck home and used all that money to help our country instead of running around swinging our dicks at ant hills. I'm sorry about your brother. Not sure what else to say :(
Many of us old fucks who were against the war said that once you go into Afghanistan *you will never be able to leave*. It's called the grave yard of empires for a reason. It wasn't because we were pussies, tho that's what we were called, it's because the lessons were right there for anyone who wants to see them. Obama didn't end it because he'd have to carry the stink of losing. Not his fault, and it won't be the next persons fault, but once you're in a quagmire brother, it's fucking messy getting out.
My condolences.
I lost my brother in Afghanistan, last week marked 4 years since he's been gone. I still have no fucking clue how to respond when asked if I have siblings. I can empathize with what you're saying about making people uncomfortable. Sometimes it pisses me off that everyone around me is oblivious to cost of these wars we are waging.
I have no military experience and was not familiar with the term. But, the context made it fucking easy to figure out.
I really really really hate to defend Trump here but I think it's reasonable to ask for confirmation on this sort of thing even if the context clues give you a really good idea of what it means. I'd feel much better about the idea of a Trump presidency if I thought his general reaction to his own ignorance was to ask someone that knows.
That's the key here. It wasn't some unknown term that was just made up and Trump couldn't have known about. All he had to do was ask an advisor in private, get advice, and follow that advice and not shit on the family. He couldn't do that and that's the real story here. Dude can't control himself.
No, that's not the key here. The key here is that if somebody says that it's shameful of you to have been disrespectful of a gold star family, and you knew that you were attacking of the father of a person who had died in the war, common logic, and not a staff of advisors should tell you that a "gold star family" is a family who has lost a family member in war. If I made fun of a person in a wheel chair, and then somebody said it was shameful of me to mock the handicapped, I would not need an advisor to tell me what the word handicapped meant, if I did not know it before. If you can't figure out a synonymous phrase through context, you should not try to run for president.
My point is that Trump attacked first and then asked for clarification. Even if he couldn't figure out what a gold star family was, that dipshit still attacked them before he knew all the facts. We're agreeing here.
So you're saying that Trump attacked Kahn BEFORE the dnc convention where Kahn tried to school Trump on the constitution? When did that happen? I must have missed that.
Have an up vote... This entire situation is analogous to the thought process that it doesn't matter if a woman is beating the crap out of a guy, he still doesn't have a right to hit her back. Which I think is bull crap. I am pretty sure every time Trump has said something about them, it has been in response to a statement they have made. Some will say he should not take the bait and not respond. The DNC put them on the stage with the purpose of attacking Trump, and knowing that if he said anything back they could spin it to their message. If he had apologized, dropped it, and moved on, the DNC would have accused him of being weak and patronizing. It was a no win situation for him, and he knew it; so he approached it in his style. Attack me, and I am going to attack back twice as hard.
I don't think /u/versusgorilla means "Trump attacked first" as in Trump attacked Kahn before the DNC speech but that Trump attacked before having a full grasp of the situation. The second sentence of their comment is the clarification.
He also attacked him after he knew the facts. What's your point, other than that Trump is a dipshit ?
Just more evidence that he's a dipshit and how, specifically.
You didn't run into the term because your brother survived his time in service. You are just realizing you are not very close to families that have lost someone in that way.
I've been in the Air Force for 13 years, hadn't heard the term until this year.
similar, navy for 6, never heard it. I'm guessing it's more common among combat units.
Infantry vet. Nope, hadn't heard it either until it was on the news 24/7.
i tire of endless vet pandering. I appreciate the thought, but it really does end up feeling like politically expedient lip service when the reality is our VA system kills people.
Spearhead gets the shaft.
I heard that phrase a lot from my SSGT.
Mine was more fond of "Suck a fat baby's dick."
I was aware of the concept, but I hadn't seen its use since WW2.
It was "popularized" then. My Dad told me about it, the neighbor when he was a kid who had two gold stars and three silver stars (injuries) on their house, on a smallish banner hanging in their front window. And that there was TONS of respect for these families, because their sacrifices were known. But this man is 70 years old. He was born right after WW2. It would have been recent enough, and there would have been enough talk of "who lost whom" during the war, that there would have been references before he was 15yo. Maybe his neighbors avoided service, even though a lot of the sons of the rich went to war, too, back then.
Be happy, that means you all came back.
Or they're ghosts.
Let's not be biased and give both sides equal weight.
Oh hi Shaw.
2spooky4me
Wait til you find out you got a skeleton inside you!
thank mr skeltal
Tis the season.
Fa La La La La, Boo Boo Boo Boo
It is so hard to know what is going on what with all the stores putting up the decorations earlier and earlier.
I'm down. Christmas is the best season. I've been on Christmas mode since the beginning of October.
For those who don't know the terms "Gold and Silver Star Families" come from World War Two. Families with sons who were missing or captured would display silver stars in their windows. Families whose sons had died in the war displayed gold stars. One of my great uncles once mentioned that his mother had been a gold and silver star mother.
>For those who don't know the terms "Gold and Silver Star Families" "That's gotta be, like, a few dozen people who don't know. Right? Right? Sure, I didn't know until this summer, but I'm different!!!" -Clinton supporters, probably
The main difference is that none of the Clinton supporters are running to be the commander in chief..
> "Gold and Silver Star Families" Uh Oh. Now that he is being endorsed by the owner of the "Gold and Silver" Pawn Shop, I can't wait to see how he jumbles those two things up in his head.
Is this just political bullshit? Because while enlisted I had never heard these terms.
No. the terms have a long history especially in military families. Since this country no longer utilizes the draft there are fewer of these families but obviously they do exist. There are advocacy groups that also use the terms, Gold Star Families For Peace, Silver Star Families of America, Blue Star Mothers of America for example.
It was around before ww2
Blue star families have a family member deployed to a war zone.
Indeed.
Serious? I've been deployed to a war zone and even I'd never heard That. TIL.
yeah, those little banners with the blue star and white background is where our comes from, at least that's what my mom said when my dad was deployed
I believe this is what the Blue Star Memorial highways are commemorating in many US states.
[Here's the actual source](http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2016/10/trump-campaign-final-days.html) of this story. It's from New York Magazine.
Thank you. I hate trump as much as the next guy but the goddamn daily mail? Come on.
yea, /u/Desi_US is too busy farming that goodness to bother doing real work. C'mon Parthesh!
[deleted]
Your dad? I don't know. If you want to reap the sweetness, take the time to find original sources (embedded in the shitty source you site). ;)
[It's absolutely true because I read it in the Daily Mail](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5eBT6OSr1TI)
We love our vets don't we folks?
https://imgur.com/FuaqwkA The extent of the proof for this claim, just so you know.
"Unless they're Muslims." -Trump.
Or POWs, or have PTSD.
Or are rapists and murderers from Mexico.
Or criticize me. Then I will attack the shit out of them (with words, because I'm a giant coward).
Basically unless they're doing anything other than singing at a football game
Then they are just weak, right?
(He didn't actually say "weak", he merely implied it by saying that those without PTSD are strong. Still very stupid of him to say.)
I think the reason people haven't heard of this term because no political candidate in the right mind would criticize a family who lost someone during their military service. Of course, this election is pretty crazy so it's not surprising to see this occur.
Maybe a family that uses their sons sacrifice as a political tool needs to be criticized. He wasn't criticizing the son.
His surrogates like Roger Stone did accuse the family, *and the son*, of being secret Islamist agents of the Muslim Brotherhood.
It's still a stupid move. You can sit here and argue all day and night that the Khans deserved to be criticized, you will never ever convince the majority of Americans that a presidential nominee much less a president should get into an argument with a gold star family or any private citizen for that matter. It's beneath the presidency and it just eats of political capital that would be much better spent pursuing issues of actual importance.
Using their sons death to say that Muslims aren't anti American and a presidential candidate should make blanket statements about a religion. Such horrible people.
We will see soon enough how the American public feels about it!
Yes we will, yes we will
Trump will lose.
Yes he will, yes he will.
Haha say it as much as you like, doesn't make it any more true
No. That's wrong. Trump blanket insulted Muslims calling them terrorists, saying terrorists are hiding in the refugee population, and threatening to ban entrance into the US on their religious affiliation alone. Who more suited to blow a patriotic load all over Trump's face than a Muslim family who made the ultimate sacrifice for the country in the most literal way possible. Trump spewed hate filled insults at a whole religious group of people and even after death Capt. Humayun Khan rose again to fight against an evil force bent on stifling a religious population. That's nothing like "political tool". Was Dr. King being a "political tool" when he stood up to fight against prejudice? Was Ghandi a "Political Tool" when he fought to remove the British Empire from India? Was George Washington a "Political Tool" when he fought to form an independent nation from the British crown? No! fought for an oppressed group of people against a force trying to subjugate them. And that's what Capt. Humayun Khan's family is doing. You're just angry because you're on the wrong side of history in this case.
> Trump blanket insulted Muslims calling them terrorists When did Trump say Muslims were terrorists? > saying terrorists are hiding in the refugee population They aren't? Unlikely. > threatening to ban entrance into the US on their religious affiliation alone. He has since correctly broadened that to countries with heavy terrorist activity, which are predominantly Muslim. This would not include native-born Australian Muslims and such. He was referencing countries like Syria which are 90% Muslim or Afghanistan which is 99%+ Muslim. > Muslim family who made the ultimate sacrifice for the country in the most literal way possible. The family didn't sacrifice anything, their son did. > Trump spewed hate filled insults at a whole religious group of people Plenty of religious groups are worthy of hate, especially Islam. [My comments on Islam in the middle east](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/584kpo/hillary_clinton_would_beat_donald_trump_in_every/d8xtyyt/).
Your comparisons to George Washington, ghandi, etc make no sense.
Fuck yea
It doesn't matter if they fucking "deserved" to be criticized. It's beneath a presidential candidate or a president to be the one to do it.
Are you talking about the woman who blames Clinton for her son's' death in Benghazi!
https://imgur.com/FuaqwkA The extent of the proof for this claim, just so you know.
Well, yeah. And the fact Trump did that suggests that he really isn't in the right mind. I think Trump is so used to being a leader in a specific section of a specific domain, in a position where he can say things like this (to an extent) with limited repercussions and he is simply using the same style of behavior. To him, people who are voting for him are like the casual investors (as opposed to investors from within his business or other businesses). He says (that he will do) things that satisfy that group because as (for lack of better word) the investee, he does need to answer to his investors. But those that don't vote for him/don't invest in him/don't buy his product? He doesn't feel like he owes them jack shit. If I place financial investment in In-n-Out Burger, I will be one of the people to whom the company has to answer. But McDonald's, a company that I never (directly) use and in which I have no financial stock, they don't owe me anything. But to those who do own McDonalds stock, he does have some responsibility to them. It seems to me like Trump feels he owes nothing to those who don't support him because we don't "invest" in him. So he feels like he can say whatever he wants about the competition: because to him it is a business above and before anything else.
I really don't understand how anyone in the military could support him. Between his treatment of the fallen vets family, his disrespectful comments about John McCain, his horrible disregard for those with PTSD, his slamming military generals claiming he knows better than them despite not serving a day of military service himself...it just doesn't make sense. If anything, Clinton is basically a Republican when it comes to the military and foreign policy. If they prefer Republicans in that arena, I would think it would make more sense for them to support her. Edit: typo
I don't support Trump, but I refuse to vote for Hilary. In fact, most military members would rather she be sent to prison than elected. So if the choice is Trump or Hilary, I'll choose Trump. That said, I'm planning to vote for Johnson. Not that the popular vote matters.
I'm no fan of the woman, but I don't know why members of the military in particular have cause to dislike her. Would you mind elaborating on what military policies make servicemen dislike her? Serious question and curiosity.
I haven't worked through the numbers, but I expect much of the preference that enlisted men have for Trump can explained by demographics and party affiliation.
Honestly? For most of us it has less to do with any specific policy, and literally everything to do with the Bhenghazi incident and the current email scandal. My issue with the email scandal is this: She's had a security clearance for years, longer than I myself has. She's worked with classified material for just as long, and claimed to not know that she wasn't allowed to have a private server or that emails she received with security portion markings were "unclassified". Hilary Clinton is many things, but she isn't an idiot; and far from it. You can't work with classified information for as long as she has without knowing these things. Now think about the sheer amount of information leaked, and her position. That's incredibly important information with regards to state secrets, and upcoming decisions. Put literally anyone else in her position and they'd be in prison or at the very least stripped of their clearance and barred from any sort of federal service.
and trumps gonna be better than that? that makes no sense
Better than that? Hell he hasn't done anything of the sort yet. So inherently he's won in that regard. I already stated that I don't support Trump. I won't defend him either; I'm simply anti-Hilary.
Not like it's going to make you feel any better, but [there's a history of major bias between security breaches of service members and civilians.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/archive/politics/2000/03/18/us-inconsistent-when-secrets-are-loose/6a928f72-d79b-430d-9c0b-93c67af05568/) > A review of roughly similar cases that have come to light through interviews, administrative hearings and court records indicates that military personnel generally receive harsher punishment than civilians, even when soldiers have mishandled documents that are of little consequence and civilians have compromised secrets that are clearly important. Moreover, the government's response to civilian cases has varied widely, from firing to a minor reprimand to no action at all. > Justice Department officials say they generally do not prosecute civilians at the CIA, Pentagon, State Department or other federal agencies who mishandle secret documents, as long as there is no evidence of criminal intent, the information is not divulged to a third party, and the employees are disciplined administratively by their agencies.
I think a lot of military folks are sick of deployments. At the height of the wars many folks in the Army were doing 12-15 month deployments, coming back for 12 months, doing another 12-15 months as the cycle just continued for multiple deployments. It destroys a lot of families, and war isn't that fun for anyone. I think they see Clinton as someone who has a history of aggressive foreign policy so they fear the tempo will begin to increase once again. The only military polls done so far show Gary Johnson having the majority of support. In 2012 and 2008, Ron Paul far and away had the most donations from members of the military. Both support non-interventionism policies so that makes sense.
and they dont fear it under trump...?
I'm sure a lot do as well which would explain why Gary Johnson leads in polls among the the military.
I mean.. isn't that exactly what you're signing up for when you join the military - deployments? That's what a military does.
You sign up thinking you would deploy to defend the United States. They know that likely will happen, but a lot of Soldiers ask what the hell are we doing here on their second or third deployment to Iraq or Afghanistan if they don't see it as necessary. An Army Ranger was killed a couple years ago on his 14th combat deployment. The military has rarely ever carried such a heavy burden like they have over the last 15 years.
Necessary deployments. If you can't see why servicemen and women might be annoyed by needlessly being placed in danger in conflicts they see as pointless then I don't know what to tell you.
Thanks for the thoughtful response. Of my friends and family in the military, all happen to be in the Navy. Obviously their missions are quite different than those who have participated in ground combat over the past 15 years, so your perspective is helpful. I happen to agree that Clinton has a history that wouldn't comfort anybody who is tired of deploying to the Middle East, but Trump doesn't strike me as non-interventionist, and I was confused because I assumed that military member rejection of Clinton meant tacit support for Trump. That those polls indicate stronger support for Paul and Johnson makes perfect sense to me.
No problem. I'm sure you could find a wide range of opinions and I do believe their is more support for Trump over Clinton, but Johnson definitely seems likes the favorite judging by personal experience and the few polls that have been conducted among the military. It will always be hard to get an idea of overall opinion as there are a lot of rules and regs that restrict them from openly supporting politicians.
If a third party gets a certain percentage of the vote (IIRC it's 5%) they will become eligible for federal funding. That will help them become more prominent and have a better chance. So, if not this election than maybe in 2020 (or 2018).
Even if the popular vote mattered johnson wouldnt win. We need to change the first past the post system to something else like ranked voting so you can vote for johnson but in the case he does not get enough votes still have your vote say which of the 2 remaining you would prefer
>When you talk about the mental health problems, when people come back from war and combat and they see things that maybe a lot of folks in this room have seen many times over and you're strong and you can handle it but a lot of people can't handle it. They see horror stories, they see events you couldn't see in a movie, nobody would believe it ... You know when you hear the 22 suicides a day, it's a big part of your question, but when you hear the 22 suicides a day, that should never be. That should never be. So we're going to be addressing that very strongly. And the whole mental health issue is going to be a very important issue when I take over, and the VA is going to be fixed in so many ways, but that's gonna be one of the ways we're gonna help. And that's in many respects going to be the number one thing we have to do because I think it's really been left behind. Wow! What a monster!!! Dump the Trump!!!
I have a friend who's in the army who says he's voting for Trump because he cares about Veterans. I immediately asked if he's heard about the comments made from Trump regarding veterans with PTSD and how he's a draft dodger. But he claims to have never heard those things. But of course Hillary Clinton is the devil because of Benghazi.... I want to try and at least inform him of just how terrible Trump is from a military standpoint but I doubt he'll listen or even consider.
The comments about how sometimes war breaks people and they don't come back the same and need help? LOL
No, he implied that they wouldn't have PTSD if they were just stronger.
Yet the active duty and vets love this guy.
https://imgur.com/FuaqwkA The extent of the proof for this claim, just so you know.
They love Gary Johnson if you want to look at what limited polls there are available.
am a vet, don't like trump.
Last I saw Trump actually isn't doing well among active duty military at all. IT's been a month or so since I last looked at those specific polls though, so maybe it has changed. At that time Gary Johnson was actually the leading candidate among active duty military personnel which makes a lot of sense since he's the only one of the three candidates on the ballot in all 50 states that isn't a straight up warhawk.
Nah. Your seeing active and vets being loud about trump because trump attracts the in your face attention seeking types from civilian and military life. There are plenty of hrc voters in the military community. You can notice the correlation between trump voters and cowboy hats and biker jackets. People who love attention and acting like the tough guy are going to flock to trumps message.
You say it's all just noise, but they do actual polls of military members, and the majority are going for Trump.
I never said the majority wasn't going for trump. My point is that not all are voting trump. Also, just because someone is in the military doesn't mean their vote is cast based on their job title. I would say the reason the military votes more to the right is due to a disproportionate amount of them comming from the south.
I've really been trying to figure out how so many of my old army buddies are supporting Trump and I literally never thought about how most of them are from the South and how that would impact their political views. You've possibly saved me from having an aneurysm.
Glad I could help. I've lived in the south most of my life and I was an active duty marine for a good while. But I've also always been a democrat. Most stereotypes are true, but there's always that 20% or so that it doesn't hold up for.
I don't really care if you know why a gold star is or not, if you're from a military family or not, or have any direct connection to the military. This young man died defending our right to have this very discussion, for his family to have come to this country for a better life for their son, and for Mr. Trump to say the things he does. This young man and his family have earned respect. By ignoring advice given to him by people who know what they are talking about and turning around and insulting the very people who have actually earned the respect, Mr. Trump has shown he doesn't deserve respect. Unfortunately, Mr. Trump does not understand that money and power DO NOT equal respect.
> I don't really care if you know why a gold star is or not, if you're from a military family or not, or have any direct connection to the military. This young man died defending our right And we don't really care. See how that works?
Of course. In Donald's mind, anyone who would sacrifice anything for the greater good is a fool.
https://imgur.com/FuaqwkA The extent of the proof for this claim, just so you know.
Does it sound inconsistent with Trump's behavior?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n6HEs6EdxVI
He doesn't know what the word sacrifice means.
He doesn't know what a lot of words mean.
People are saying he has a bigly vocabulary.
But someone told me once that he has the best words!
But a lot of them don't mean what he thinks they mean!
[Sure he does](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/donald-trump-father-fallen-soldier-ive-made-lot/story?id=41015051): >Pressed by Stephanopoulos to identify the sacrifices he made for his country, Trump said, "I think I've made a lot of sacrifices. I work very, very hard. I've created thousands and thousands of jobs, tens of thousands of jobs, built great structures. I've had tremendous success. I think I've done a lot." >Trump also cited his work on behalf of veterans, including helping build a Vietnam War memorial in Manhattan and raising "millions of dollars" for vets. If that isn't sacrifice then I just don't know what is. ^(/s, of course)
Sacrifice means doing things that help yourself right?
He gave the gift of Trump. Drink it in, maaaaaaaannnnn.
Donald Trump thinks that "sacrifice" and "investment" are the same thing.
He has only given something like 8 million to charity over his entire life. He claims his net worth is 10 billion dollars, so his charitable donations would be 0.08% of his worth. Such 'sacrifice.'
He's given nothing. https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-boasts-of-his-philanthropy-but-his-giving-falls-short-of-his-words/2016/10/29/b3c03106-9ac7-11e6-a0ed-ab0774c1eaa5_story.html Nothing. Every aspect of his life is fractally fraudulent.
This implies that Trump asks questions when he doesn't know something. I didn't know that he had that in him.
Sure, he asked why we can't just use nukes.
If you listen to him talk, a lot of what he says is phrased in the form of a question, or explaining what he heard someone else say. I think it's one of the reasons he takes so little responsibility for what he says.
I don't find it noteworthy that he didn't know. I find it weird that he would ask out loud. Hey Donald, you know that rectangular little device in your pocket? The one you use to shit post on Twitter? Maybe consult it first so that no one is the wiser.
Or better yet his son, Bannon, he's very good at the cyber.
I find it alarming he wants to head our military and didn't know about Gold Star families. Not only historically but they've been very active during the Bush wars.
I mean, I had too look it up too... so guys please don't vote for me for president
Too late... drew2057 for President
deal
I'm surprised so many in this thread hadn't heard the term Gold Star family. It's been used a lot since Bush 43 invaded Iraq. I think I've heard the term thousands of times. I don't even have any family in the military, and haven't been following any detailed war coverage for years. Certainly a presidential candidate should know Gold Star meaning.
I've been in the military for over six years and have never heard the term.
Same here. It's amazing people were unaware. Gold Star parents were very active all during Bush's wars helping veterans groups and often speaking out against the war.
53 years old, veteran, never heard it.
I'm an officer in the US Navy and never heard the term gold star family until the Trump controversy.
The last 15 years of war have hit some branches of service (and certain communities within other branches) harder than others. When I was in I saw a few blue stars in Texas or Fayetteville. Within the Navy, I think you would encounter it more on Little Creek than NOB.
They were boasting about "their Gold Star mom" Patty Smith a week earlier during the RNC, and there was some debate if you can call her that. So yes, when the Khans entered the stage, anyone remotely interested in politics could have known what the term means.
Hasn't it been used since WW2? Houses had silver stars in their window if they had a soldier in the family and gold stars if their family member was killed in action Edit: *silver, not blue
During WWII they were blue stars
You hang a blue star for each service member currently serving. If they are lost you change the star to gold. It's a tradition dating back to at least WWII. The problem is since we ended the draft and divorced most Americans from the cost of War, we get people like Trump and the r/the_donald dipshits who don't have a fucking clue what they are talking about except to defend the honor of their dickless God/Emperor.
Sounds like you're ready to \#EnlistforHer
Blue star when they're away at war, gold star if they aren't coming home.
Silver if you don't know, gold if they're confirmed dead
Not to defend Trump, but I had never heard the term in my 37 years on this planet before the Khans entered this political discussion.
>Not to defend Trump, but I had never heard the term in my 37 years on this planet before the Khans entered this political discussion. Me neither, did you understand what it meant when you heard the phrase in context?
Are you running for president?
Gorgonaut2016!
I... I like the sound of that!
I think the point here is not Trump being unaware of the term. Manfrot told him, and Trump still continued to attack the family. That shows a lack of judgement, and unimaginable amount of pettiness.
Oh yeah, no argument there. He's ridiculous.
Same here. But even if I didn't know there was a formal name, if I were running for President I'd sure as hell know better than to attack the parents of a son who made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation.
Agreed.
You aren't the candidate for Commander In Chief.
It's getting crazy. Trump is held to such a ridiculously low standard.
My family has been in the military for 5 generations and have lost people in ww1, ww2, korea, vietnam. No casualties from iraq or afghanistan to date. I never heard of it either.
You'll never be president either I guess
Good thing neither you nor your family are running for that public office. It's fine and isn't the point that you don't. Arguably it didn't matter for trump, his behavior toward them fell below presidential decorum, which was the point.
I don't think anyone will ever tell someone off or should tell someone off for not knowing something. The issue at hand is trump did not know and did not care to know. Not knowing is not the problem, because a normal person will say to their advisor "they call themselves a gold star family, what's a gold star family?" Trump is dangerous because he shows that given an apparent lack of information, he is willing and able to not just proceed with whatever he wants to do anyway, but EVEN when given that good advice, ignores it. That shows a personality trait whereby wilful ignorance moves into narcissistic arrogance. A president cannot know everything, they must sign off on the good work of the people around them. To ignore that good work and advice is the mark of a terrible presidential candidate and betrays why many of his business ventures have gone bankrupt, are going bankrupt, or are remaining stable while other ventures are improving.
My family has been in for just as long and my great grandma had the gold star displayed in her window until the day she died.
I thought it was something of a recent concept created after the Khan encounter, but then I started noticing Gold Star licenses plates. I wasn't paying attention.
I learned about Gold Star families from learning about American home life during WWII. Most the attention is directed towards the military actions in the European & Asian theaters and not so much on what was going on at home. In the US, if you had a son in the military, you hung a blue star in your window. If your son died, the star was changed to gold. The blue/gold star was big in popular culture - posters, magazines, newspapers and movies (not very noticeable unless you are looking for them). http://imgur.com/a/dvXxz http://imgur.com/a/irmCK http://imgur.com/a/iqnGj http://imgur.com/a/gOzZA http://imgur.com/a/kVtsg
My grandma still has blue stars up in the window from when my dad and uncle served in Desert Storm. That's how I learned about it. I think she wanted to be a gold star mother, though, the way she talked to my mom back then about my dad potentially dying.
>“ ‘The election is about the American people, it’s not about you,’ ” Manafort told Trump, according to a person briefed on the conversation. ***Trump countered with Breitbart’s report on Khan’s purported belief in Sharia.*** “ ‘He’s not running for president,’ ” Manafort shot back. “ ‘The Clintons did this to us to waste our time getting off message.’ ” I seriously can't wrap my head around a presidential candidate being so utterly clueless. Trump's entire outlook on politics & the world seems to be fueled by a single shitty internet tabloid, and he probably didn't start reading it much until *after* he started running for president...and even then, he probably only reads Breitbart's headlines most of the time
Amazing he can persuade so many like him
He knew how the Khans lost their son. Any sensible politician would have said they respect that sacrifice and the family's righf to speak their mind, and let that be forgotten like all the other convention speakers.
The point is- he couldn't figure it out in the context of a father making a speech about his son who died in service. It didn't matter wether he knew what 'gold star family', he did know that the parents had lost their child in service to this country. At which point, you simply say "ii sympathize with the Khan family loss and appreciate their sacrifice for our country." It's not that hard. Just like when your friends dad dies, you don't say "I always thought he was an asshole." You just express sympathy for their loss and move on, because saying something rude makes you the asshole. Basic polite behavior in society. Edit: typo
The low information candidate for the low information voters.
Pretty damn pathetic for someone who wants to be Commander in Chief.
Ask him about bankruptcy laws. He is an expert in that.
I didn't know it either. But then I am an immigrant, I didn't go to private military academy, and I ain't running for president.
As a native English speaker, I figured it out from context within seconds. The Trump? Didn't.
I'm in the military and had no idea what it was.
What's your MOS? Seriously question, because blue and gold stars were always known by us in the Infantry, same as the yellow ribbon... Maybe if you're nom-combat it doesn't come up as much because the risk of death is typically lower? It's shocking to hear active duty members not know about it.
I do Air Traffic Control in the Air Force. I'm familiar with stuff like Angel Flights, but I had never heard of gold star.
Interesting, maybe it's more of an Army/Marine thing.
Ya, probably. Thanks for being civil about it though man.
Of course, no reason to be a dick about things. Have a good one.
You would be surprised. I worked for a non-profit that benefited Gold Star Families. Before this Trump thing happened nobody knew what it meant including many military members. The Army and Marines did know no matter what MOS pretty much. The Air Force and Navy had many folks that did not know. I remember talking to an Air Force full bird who had no idea.
Well yeah but that just means your dad didn't die in combat. It's not something people brag about, so even if you knew a gold star family they prob didn't bring it up to you.
Before this cycle I knew about purple hearts but not gold stars.
That's fair enough right? I think I had heard the term in the context of WWII history, but it wasn't something I ever really heard bandied around before it became an issue in this election.
Well yeah because a family who lost a son isn't going around bragging about it.
I never heard the term before...but i knew they lost their son and that would have been enough info for me to not have a public dispute with them.
If you don't know a term yourself, you should criticize other people for now knowing it. This is like when Gary Johnson didn't know what Aleppo was, and everyone was acting like he was an idiot. I guarantee you most American have no idea what a Gold Star family is, and even less know what Aleppo is.
I learned this from the American Girl books (Molly's series). Haha.
Hahaha this was what I thought of too! That and a couple other WWII Era historical fiction books/TV shows. Weird, the random stuff you retain from random childhood books.
I don't blame him, a lot of people, including myself, had no idea what a gold star family, angel mom, or bengazi spouse are.
ITT: People pretending they totally knew what it was before this manufactured fiasco
I could just picture Trump saying, "Oh, Gold Star? What's that & I want one?" Reply: It's easy, just send your piece of shit sons to Iraq and you could be lucky & get two. That's when we'd realize that bone spurs run in the family, as do lack of testacles.
So did 75% of us. I hate Trump but this is a non-story.
Totally qualified to be the commander in chief of the military!
He disrespects the military everytime...Shameful
Ofcourse he does, it's a ridiculous organisation that has a metric fuckton of unneccesary cultlike rituals associated with it. People sign up knowing the risk. They get paid for that risk. These families are far from special.
Most of you didn't know what it was until you read the article or the top comment here. Get off your soapbox.
It's very very very common knowledge.
You're projecting. Just like your ignorant clown candidate.
I'm pretty sure everyone on here is not running FOR FUCKING PRESIDENT. That's the difference!
So did everyone else.
I'm an officer in the US Navy and never heard the term "gold star family" until the controversy
When did you start running for President?
You know about parents who lost their son in a war right? You don't need to ask whAt is "gold star family" to know you need to respect those parents. The fact that he has to ask what's so special about the khans family is the ridiculous part
You mean parents whose son signed up knowing the risks. Nothing special about it whatsoever.
and this comment is the most fucked up comment i have read so far in this reddit. You sir, as a human being, is as fucked up as it can get.
An electrical engineer dieing during his or her work is no more special. Don't want to risk it? Don't sign up. And it's "are as fucked up"
It's a shitty way of putting it, but he's not wrong
settle down
Man you guys are really diggin huh?
yeah, if only Trump would commit some sort of gaffe
If only Hillary Clinton would release her 33,000 emails.
kek
Good one.
Funny how the FBI megathread was just disappeared from the front page...
This isn't new, it's back from the DNC.
Makes sense, all his heros came back.
It is a more prominent term in the small communities where everybody knows everybody. There is even a special flag that these families usually display at the entrance of the house or living room.
To be honest I didn't know what a gold star family was either before the topic made its way into the news cycle. But then again I'm not a 70 year-old man running for president.
As someone who is currently active duty army, I'm not shocked that many civilians don't know what a gold star family is, but I'm super surprised by how many vets on this thread didn't know either. I thought it was pretty common knowledge among active duty service members?
Trump has a 4th grade vocabulary and zero ability to exercise logic/reasoning. The fact he knows how to dress himself is impressive.
the average person may not know this and wouldn't be condemned for not knowing, but the person who wants to be commander in chief should.
While I sympathize with the Khan family on their loss, it's sad that they continue to be given the spotlight instead of grieving in private. Mr. Kahn has become a political puppet the same way Cindy Sheehan was. Its tragic to lose a child. I'm sure their whole world was destroyed. But to relive it everyday for someone else's political gain is just the worst exploitation of humanity.
TIL: honoring the memory of your son who died to protect them is a bad way to stand up for constitutional princples
There's a difference between honoring his memory and being used for his sacrifice. Khan's repeated interjection into the election has transitioned him from grieving father to political puppet. His grief is being exploited and I haven't heard him call for the end of our wars overseas to protect more American soldiers.
TIL: Standing up to a bully that wants to ban people of your religious faith from entering the country = exploitation.
So you think Khan would still be this involved in the election and utilized by campaigns and organizations if he didn't talk about his son's death? If he only spoke about himself being a Muslim and against Trump's Muslim ban? Because I have yet to see him mentioned or him speak without the topic of his son coming up first and foremost. His tragedy is being exploited.
> So you think Khan would still be this involved in the election and utilized by campaigns and organizations if he didn't talk about his son's death? Why would he not talk about it? He's making a rather relevant point that muslims have made the ultimate sacrifice for this country so assholes like Trump (who managed to avoid serving when it was his time) can enjoy the relative peace and safety we all enjoy in the US. Humayun Khan is a fucking hero, and if Trump had his way neither he nor his family would have ever been allowed to step foot into the US. That's the reality of the situation and trying to divorce the sacrifice this man made from the narrative here is asinine. Trying to distort that sacrifice into exploitation is even more repugnant. The only one that gets to claim that Khizr Khan is being exploited is Khizr Khan, but it's obvious the man is more than happy to campaign against the guy that wants to see his fellow muslims banned from immigrating to the United States.
I'm sure it gives Mr. Khan some solace to fight such a charlatan that could just as easily make a whole more gold star families.
There's a difference between honoring his memory and being used for his sacrifice. Khan's repeated interjection into the election has transitioned him from grieving father to political puppet. His grief is being exploited and I haven't heard him call for the end of our wars overseas to protect more American soldiers.
This is news? I didn't know what a gold star family was until the whole debacle.
Member when Trump attacked that soldier's parents?
He is not a politician, I would bet most people did not know what gold star parents were til this came up either.
Hillary didn't know what (c) meant in regard to classification system. Even though she was briefed on the meaning and most certainly signed a form saying she was read in.
Funny because neither did Trump
Ya he wasn't briefed, and required to sign to prove training on the subject... but good joke. Way to point out what I said.
In August Trump received his first briefing of classified information. In September he tweets "Lyin' Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the 'C' marking on documents stood for classified. How can this be happening?" Surely a guy receiving classified information would know the levels of classification, right?
Where is Hillary's years of experience at? 30 years of nothing. She said it was for cookies... All the while idiot Trump, with his 0 political experience. Knew that it was classified. It is classified confidential. Seems like one of her big selling points is as worthless as her. Unless you believe she did know what it meant and just decided to lie about it instead. Wonder what reasons she could have for that.
I never heard of it
If you haven't already voted against this man, PLEASE remember to vote against him. Personally, I don't like Hillary, but either Trump or Hillary is going to be president, and I DON'T want Trump. That means my vote goes to Hillary, regardless of my not liking her or my wishing the Dems (and the Reps) had offered up someone I wanted to vote *for* instead of "just" voting against someone.
I'm voting for Kaine (Clinton/Kaine) - after all, I think Trump is utterly unsuitable for the Presidency and has court dates up the wazoo, and if Clinton gets impeached or whatever - I prefer Kaine over Pence any day of the week.
Totally valid. I don't know much about him, tbh. But Trump? He is not fit in any way to be president. His most ardent followers are the types to follow the next thing that comes along. Not to say there aren't Dems who are exactly the same, though, just about a different person or subject.
"Reportedly"
Shoot from the hip first, questions later.
Why is this so high now, i read the same headline days ago
I had to ask what one was too.
Dear Donald - even if you didn't know what a Gold Star family meant, a simple logic (which you lack of) would help. Anything with a Gold Star meant some sort of significance.
I only believe in millions and millions of Platinums
I don't know what it is but I'm not running for president.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlqKFlU7YAs
'The election is about the American people, it's not about you,'
[Here's how I found out what it meant](https://youtu.be/86UiV3ggipM)
Meh. I'm ex-military and I'd never heard that term before the hubbub. There's ttooo much emphasis on what trivia candidates don't know. No one knows everything.
Service Flags in various fashion have been around the US Military homestead since after WWI (so almost 100yrs).
\>No source Lol ok
Killed in Benghazi? What was did the title say again, #Benghazi
This term was new to me but even then I would never disrespect a family who lost a son serving his country. There is something lacking in DT.
I did too. But I'm not running for fucking President.
The bigger issue here is that Capt. Khan, who was KIA in Iraq over a decade ago, has been used by BOTH republicans and democrats in the past 3 presidential elections. You don't honor a person's memory by shoehorning them in to your platform, and you certainly don't honor a person's memory by getting in to a pissing match with that person's father.
Trump Supporters: I don't know what a gold star family is but Hilary blah blah. We get it you guys don't know anything stop bragging.
I was a Marine for 8 years and was on a funeral detail for about a year and I never heard this term.
Then I guess you are not someone who pays attention to what is going on around you if you were actually a Marine on 1yr Funeral Duty. US Military Service Flags started after WWI and truly came into being during WWII.
I know what the flags are. I said I never heard the term "gold star family". Jesus are you really that far up your own ass that you would insult someone because they somewhat tangentially threatened your narrative?
Clearly by the fact that half the comments are explaining what a gold star family is, no one knows what it is. Including myself
We aren't running for president.
Is this really just talking about him not knowing what it means? You guys are grasping at straws.
So did I. And so did all of you. Still doesn't make it okay, but let's not pretend like most people knew what that was before this happened.
We aren't running for president.
Hey nobody said he was smart okay?
Trump's attack on them is not much different than what Westboro Baptist Church does. Sickening.
[That interview where he responds to Khizr Khan is maddening, especially where he says he's also made sacrifices.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_8dSiQBXog)
I had to look it up as well. It seems to insulting and deeming to be an actual military expression. You child it dead so here you are no longer a blue star but a gold star. It is completely insulting.
It's not insulting though it's honourable
I don't think you know what it is. During World War I, families displayed flags with blue stars on them. One for each child serving. The family would place a gold star for each lost loved one in the war. These people were basically abandoned by the military after a 6 month stipend ran out. That gold star was a sign the family was in need. A couple of groups took this idea and started non-profits, exclusionary non-profits. At first they only "honored" WWI veterans, then the "honored" WWII, veterans. But, NOT individuals that died in non-wars. Then they only honored citizens. For most of the entire history the "gold star" movement has been selectively "honoring" the families it chose to. It is insulting that the military does not "honor" these families but they had to do it themselves, first off. Even now a soldiers family gets 100k and one year of help... considering they don't get their spouse/son/daughter back that is insulting. It is not an honorable thing.
He thought it was one of those little star stickers that the teacher puts on your homework for doing a good job.
Maybe that is why people are voting for Trump, because he's as ignorant on many matters as normal every day folk. Like me, because I had to ask, "what's a gold star family?" EDIT: Also, I just mean like me in being ignorant on what a gold star family was, not that I'm voting for him because he's as stupid as I am.
to be fair, so did most people frankly, i think its more important to talk about his inability to admit his was wrong or his lack of understanding of the details of international politics or his unwillingness to listen to expert advisors but, that's ok, continue talking about how he said mean things
I had never heard the term either before then.
Before this Trump was heard saying "Let me tell you. Gold star families? If I'm president I'll have the best gold star families you've ever seen, nobody will have better gold star families than me, it will be amazing. That I can tell you."
No attribution, no nothing. Just an article of an article with no source.
Isn't the definition kind of self explanatory?
I am a Veteran, and did not immediately recognize the term "Gold Star Family".
Are you running for President of the United States of America?
ITT: Everyone definitely knew that one without ever looking it up.
These people politicized their son's death in a war Hillary voted for. It's ridiculous that the Democrats assume Trump cannot respond to their attacks.
Listen. I see a lot of people trying to argue, that Gold Star family was a term they had never heard before. &nbsp; Thats not the point. The point is that it took me 0.1 seconds to correctly understand what it means, when presented in that context. (In Donalds defence I used this amazing tool called simple logic) &nbsp; And I'm not American. &nbsp; He had to ask advisors...
Marine Corp vet. No idea what it meant either. Also, who gives a shit. Just because your kid died in Iraq doesn't mean you are some sacred cow. Most of the guys we buried had shitty families and dead beat dad's. They get to go around feeling special because their caught a bullet? Fuck them and fuck you andnfuck everyone else.
2/4 Wpns Co. 81's Plt. 1995-2003. Don't you mean Marine Corp*s*? But then, considering the lack of esprit de corps that you display, I guess learning the proper fucking spelling of your own service branch is too much to ask.
We really need to find the VA better.
did you get tossed out? seems like you have zero sense of fraternity. i wonder if you laughed when trump trashed mccain for his time being a pow.
We gotta start getting vets mental health care, this is getting out of control.
Trump is such a stupid motherfucker.
Dude come on, a lot of people don't know what that is. I didn't and I doubt I'm a stupid motherfucker.
You're not running for President, or claiming that you're the best person to help veterans.
Can someone please try to get Ambassador Stevens to comment on the record about this?
At least he didn't have to ask why the FBI was investigating him. Nor did he have to lie to the families of those who died on his watch due to his negligence and/or incompetence. But hey...that's none of my business.
Welcome to /r/politics, where we believe things in the fucking Daily Mail as long as we agree with them.
Never heard of this term before. I first assumed it referred to Jewish families that had to wear the Star of David in Nazi Germany
So I haven been on here for a few days. Hear about more Clinton email scandals and I get on here only to see Reddit recycling old ass Trump fuck ups? Are we really this desperate?
The Clinton emails thing is a nothingburger. They are reporting on this because we only recently got the information that trump doesn't even know what a gold star family is.
[deleted]
bullshit
IMO, "Gold Star family" brought to mind the Jews in the Holocoust who were required to wear stars, not some nickname given to families of dead war veterans.
Glad you learned something.
Friendly reminder that Trump not knowing what a Gold Star family was is nothing compared to the fact that Khizr Khan believes Shariah trumps the constitution, who has written glowing praise of pro-shariah books, and has repeatedly praised the A.K. Brohi, the ideological father of Pakistan's late Islamic military dicatorship
30 years ago that would be relevant.
30 years ago that would be relevant.
He's not running for President.
That's irrelevant, the discussion wasn't about their alleged political beliefs. Like many subjects, Trump had no clue about their political background when he started shitting all over them at every opportunity simply because he's incapable of admitting he made a mistake. It's yet another entry in the long list of things that show he has no respect for service-members or veterans, which is a fucking terrifying quality in a presidential candidate whose apparent understanding of the military and history is evidently equivalent to that of a grapefruit.
Fine, he won't get my vote for president.
30 years ago he wrote that. And for Christ sake the dude isn't running for president. The "Trump isn't perfect but at least he's not as bad as *this* person" gag doesn't work when you are comparing him to someone he isn't competing against
He didn't write that. He just wrote about Sharia law. It's like a Catholic or Protestant writing about Christian tenets. It's how a catholic, like Biden or Kaine, can be personally against abortion but for having the choice legally. I can hold my own personal views of what I need to do morally in my life to be okay spiritually or religiously, without them being imposed on everyone else through the rule of law. I can believe that we should all meditate every day, as an example, and still believe that I shouldn't impose that belief through law.
Someone that wants to be Commander in Chief didn't know what a Gold Star family was. Just another reason Trump is the most unqualified candidate to ever run for president.
I don't think most ppl knew what the fuck that meant. its a sill term.
I'd never heard the term before.
Idk wtf a gold star family is. Only had that line used as a talking point to bash trump. What are we at school and putting stars next to our names on the board when someone dies?
I would direct you to the US Military term "Service Flag" Go learn something...
Weren't liberals saying a few months ago that a star is a symbol of genocide? Liberals hate veterans anyway. They tolerate the military when they're fighting Obama's/Hilary's wars, but not otherwise. Forty years ago when veterans came back from Vietnam, Hillary and her fellow liberals spat on them.
Why do you people believe every article headline? There's no proof. I wish I had a big newspaper I could make shit up for. I'd make a bunch of nice fake articles saying Hillary raped me. You guys would totally believe me since I have the same amount of proof that liberals use against Trump, right? The fact that this is a top post on this sub is a great example of the desperation coming from liberals.
Yeah, so did I, and judging by the comments in here, so did a lot of other people. The only people who think this matters are angry Clinton supporters scraping for ammo after Clinton's disastrous week.
There should be quotations around the word **"attack"**. He didn't attack the khan family. He was retaliating after the khans attacked him during the dnc. Trump didn't even know them before they attacked him.
Well you could just as easily say that the actual "attack" was a presidential candidate saying he would ban you from the country your own child fought and died for...
if he actually said that, which he did not. he said nothing about banning current americans.
I believe his words were "all muslims entering the united states" I don't think he specified whether or not that included muslim americans. Could be wrong, but either way it would be banning their families and friends... Not a huge stretch, even if I misspoke.
I had to ask what "water sports" were after I heard about what whizer khan did with his sons charity money.
Who cares? They're not beyond reproach and injecting themselves into national politics was inappropriate. Fuck them, I hope this incident brought them more pain.
Wow!
What...
Don't mind the 14 year old Russian boy.
>Fuck them, I hope this incident brought them more pain. Zero class.
I thought the same about the Khans
Fucking scum.
They said that Trump doesn't understand sacrifice. And that he needs to read the constitution in regards to banning a certain religion from entering the country. That offended you? In what ways are they wrong? Trump dodged the draft. Son of a millionaire. Zero sacrifice.
4 academic and 1 medical deferments due to bone spurs isn't "draft dodging". They're all legitimate reasons not to go to war. Bone spurs fucking hurt.
Healthiest person ever. Except for the time he was being drafted. I have my doubts.
That's like saying someone isn't healthy because they're flat footed.
You mean [this gold star family?](https://www.google.com/amp/www.breitbart.com/2016-presidential-race/2016/08/01/clinton-cash-khizr-khans-deep-legal-financial-connections-saudi-arabia-hillarys-clinton-foundation-connect-terror-immigration-email-scandals/amp/?client=safari)
>https://www.google.com/amp/www.breitbart.com/2016-presidential-race/2016/08/01/clinton-cash-khizr-khans-deep-legal-financial-connections-saudi-arabia-hillarys-clinton-foundation-connect-terror-immigration-email-scandals/amp/?client=safari Seriously, a Briebart conspiracy piece. AH, I love the smell of altright desperation in the morning.
We're gonna post dailymail and then complain about brietbart? I guess that's easier than reading the article and refuting it. I thought this sub was all about sub par sources, opinion pieces, trump bashing and conspiracy/hot pieces. That's 90% of what's upvoted here.
Dailymail is absolute dogshit, but let's be honest, breitbart is basically a half-step above infowars.
Regardless, if you set aside some of the partisan language in this particular article, the information on Kahn and his affiliations is documented fact. And it explains a lot. Also, it is still hypocritical to denounce Breitbart and defend Dailymail.
Regardless, Trump wasn't aware of any of this when he was shitting all over them initially. >Also, it is still hypocritical to denounce Breitbart and defend Dailymail. Not defending either, just stating the obvious.
How do you know?
Context. And after having actually read the sources in that Breitbart article, it's pretty obvious. The primary source for his direct support of Saudi Arabia is only based on his writings on Sharia about 30 years ago. This is cited in [an article](http://shoebat.com/2016/07/31/what-the-media-is-not-telling-you-about-the-muslim-who-attacked-donald-trump-he-is-a-muslim-brotherhood-agent-who-wants-to-advance-sharia-law-and-bring-muslims-into-the-united-states/) which extrapolates this to mean he is directly a member of the Muslim Brotherhood, written by the author of [this](http://shoebat.com/2016/10/09/prepare-and-get-ready-for-the-apostasy-of-the-church-and-the-abomination-of-desolation-is-at-the-doors/). My main concerns are his petty grievances and Trump's obsession with pursuing them. He handled the entire situation in a completely ridiculous manner, retaliating and just making himself a bigger target and directing attention to an issue which was brought up as an obvious distraction. He took the bait and asked for more, which shows incredibly poor judgement. But anyway, since I just dropped about 10mg of moxy, I'm really not interested in delving further down the Breitbart rabbit hole. Have fun.
Fair enough
You thought wrong
Yea, obviously.
even if they were a family of murderers, that doesn't make what they said wrong, and it absolutely doesnt excuse how trump responded
I don't believe you read the article. And how did trump respond that was so inappropriate?
for one he heavily implied that the wife wasn't allowed to speak because they were muslims.
I remember that, I thought it was a clever rebuttal.
How so?
Well, after Khans attack on Trump at the DNC convention, it was learned that Khan has a deep vested interest in Muslim immigration due to his connections, including to the D.C. Law firm which represents Saudi Arabia in the US. Saudi Arabia is a country which kills gays and treats women as slaves. Trumps comment hinted at that connection. Khizr Khan was a pawn used by the DNC, and is not above political mud slinging, despite his son being a honored hero, which Trump acknowledged.
> it was learned that Khan has a deep vested interest in Muslim immigration due to his connections, including to the D.C. Law firm which represents Saudi Arabia in the US. [nope](http://www.snopes.com/2016/08/03/khizr-khans-connections/)
You didn't disprove anything lol. Not only that, but trumps remark was all the more stinging when you read about khan's opinion of Sharia Law.
[citation needed]
then youre a bad person
Ok thanks I'll log that away.
