As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil) * Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks) * Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail. * In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users. * Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not. Incivility results in escalating bans from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own. *** *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Funny how the FBI megathread was just disappeared from the front page...
Funny how you have a 33% of being a racists white supremacist according to this study.
Funny how you can't even form a sentence.
Threads get to and leave the Front Page *literally all the time*. Edit: personal attack was unfair, removed it. Apologies.
> Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.
You're absolutely right. Edited out the insult.
You're lucky you got a warning. I got straight up temporarily banned yesterday but It was against a Clinton supporter, so I suppose that makes it worse.
Exactly. We neo-nazis get oppressed on reddit all the time. Like right now there are only 4 posts from the_donald on the front page instead of the usual 25.
Take a look at the front page of this subreddit (which claims to be nonpartisan) and tell me again how the_donald is unfairly influencing Reddit. You're either being purposely misleading or you're the victim of a lobotomy.
In this subreddit, yes. "Literally" all posts that paint Clinton in a negative light vanish well before conversation has concluded, if they are given a chance at all.
The title of the article is a little misleading. It is over a third of Trump supporters *active on Twitter* that follow white nationalists. It is hard to extract from this what percentage of his supporters support white nationalists.
lmao if you don't think trump supporters are racists
Also, defining the line between a white nationalist (compared to a nationalist who is white) can be difficult. I'd be interested in seeing which ten accounts they labelled as such. I didn't see that in the article. How is Pepe the Frog a hate symbol? I keep seeing this.
Ohhh, that explains why it's so low. Thanks.
That means the number is probably low. Since Twitter users are generally younger and more technologically proficient than non-users, while Trump rallies are filled with elderly hill people, it's a safe assumption that more than a third of Trump supporters are sympathetic to white nationalists.
Cringed at your logic.
Explain the flaw, please.
lol just lol how can you have such little reasoning?
Are you disputing the fact that the bulk of Trump's supporters are older and less educated? ...or the fact that both of those demographics tend to be more racist than the general population? Good luck with that. "lol" ...And, on a side note, how can you have "such little" grammar?
> the fact that both of those demographics tend to be more racist than the general population You've offered no source for this claim, and the jump to this conclusion in your original post seems like an illogical assumption without real data to back you up. It might "make sense" to assume the "elderly hill people" are a bunch of racists, but until you cite studies you'll get some flak.
Source. You want a source for the proposition that older people are more racist than younger people. Do you also need "data" to believe that they have more wrinkles? I'm not playing that game. If you're a visitor to this planet, and/or you just want to be that obtuse, one minute on the Google machine will supply you with all the studies, polls, charts, and graphs you want on that point. It's not my job to prove common knowledge to you.
I think it's racist to gauge the level of racism of certain populations by race because if you didn't realize.. that's racism.
Age and education level are not race. Do you even know what words mean?
Deplorables appears to have some more merit that probably estimated
I do think this study tends to say a bit more about Twitter than it does about Trump. Reddit is another example-- if activity on Reddit was equal to actual votes, Trump would destroy Bernie with Hillary following in a distant setting. Not that Trump doesn't have a huge following among white nationalists, I just think that group of people tend to be active on social media and websites.
It's the most sensationalist title I've seen this election. What is considered a white nationalist? Because in the wrong circles, being a straight white male who doesn't join the regressive left makes you a white nationalist.
I just looked up the definition of a "Nationalist". As it turns out, I am one! Holy shit. A brown nationalist! Nationalist: A person who advocates political independence for a country. How the hell did the nationalist moniker get to where it meant "racist bastard"? The KKK and neo-Nazis aren't "nationalists", they're *racists*. David Duke is no nationalist, he's a *racist*.
What is a white nationalist? Are we just talking about white supremacists and Nazis?
I think that it is only misleading to people who do not have basic critical thinking skills. In order to follow someone on Twitter don't you need to be active on Twitter?
Not misleading. Why would they do a Twitter analysis of people not on Twitter?
1/6 to 1/5
> a little misleading Its not misleading, its total bullshit.
New Rule: Facts are Bullshit
How many of those are bots?
Is THAT all they mean? Hell i follow all kinds of people on every media. Following doesn't mean agree or like. It means you want to know what they are up to. I even follow Hillary! These idiots dont understand modern media Or more likely they are simply Scott Foval trying to get a job dividing and hating again.
never change, r/redacted.
Following major figures like Hillary just to see what they are up to is one thing. Following a white nationalist though? hmmm....
"Uh, yeah, I, uh, I was totally just following these neo-nazis because, uh, I was, uh just..........*curious* about them."
while that is true, the fact that 34% of Trump supporters followed white nationalist accounts, while only, like, 0.1% of Clinton supporters followed them, does suggest a link beyond curiosity.
what's the odds that "white nationalist" accounts are just accounts with Pepe as their picture?
It was the specific accounts of 10 well known white nationalists. it's in the article.
Yeah but who reads those??? /s
Perhaps there's an article somewhere that could answer your question...in a perfect world it might even be at the top of this very page...
wasn't there just another article saying that 40-60% both candidates followers were actually bots? How many of these are real racists and how many of these are racist robots? Who keeps teaching robots to hate and then setting them loose?
This entirely. They can't draw that conclusion using only a biased sample. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sampling_bias
Thank you for clarifying this. I expect many people just read the title.
It is misleading, but there's no denying the fact that white nationalists have flocked to the Trump campaign.
Is there anything inherently wrong with white people pursuing their collective interests?
I assure you that, as a white person, I have zero "collective interest" with Trump supporters. They're just as foreign to me as African-Americans are, and their cultural values are considerably less compatible.
Who do you identify with?
Humanity first, modern civilization second, Anglo-American culture third, and Canada and the United States (I'm a dual citizen) fourth.
If it injures other races, then yes.
> It is hard to extract from this what percentage of his supporters support white nationalists. Well, if we assume that white nationalists and non-white nationalists are equally likely to use Twitter, then this is a random sample, so the answer is "one-third". For anything else, we would have to assume that Twitter either attracts white nationalists or repels them. If white nationalists are more likely to use Twitter than non-white-nationalists, then our estimate for the number of white nationalist Trump supporters goes down. On the other hand, if white nationalists are less likely to use Twitter than non-white nationalists, then our estimate for the number of white nationalist Trump supporters goes up. As far as I know, Twitter does not have a reputation for being an unusually intensive hotbed for white nationalism, nor for being especially progressive, so I'm going to go with one third.
> Well, if we assume that white nationalists and non-white nationalists are equally likely to use Twitter, Who the fuck makes this assumption?
Yeah, [DemographicsPro's](http://www.demographicspro.com/insights/trump-supporters-follow-white-nationalists-on-twitter) methodology looks pretty sound, though the'yre more likely to find Pro- and Anti-Trump supporters than they are to find Pro-Clinton supporters. To your point though, considering how active Trump is on Twitter, I wonder if he has brought more people (supporters and detractors) to Twitter.
Twitter admins are pretty hostile to Trump supporters, so I doubt they are flocking to Twitter.
Like Russian bots
> Yeah, DemographicsPro's methodology looks pretty sound Are you kidding? They barely outline their methodology at all. They don't explain how they trimmed it down from one weeks' worth of tweets to just 10,000 people. They could have done anything to manipulate the data during narrowing. They also don't appear to make any effort to remove bots from their analysis.
10,000 is a huge sample. Most scientific polls only use 1,000 people.
The size of the sample is not the problem. The problem is how they chose to reduce the full, larger sample of all tweets that matched the search criteria.
20,000 people. And every tweet from one account should still represent one person. I don't tweet, so I don't know how many political tweets come out in a week. 10,000 for Trump and 10,000 for Clinton seems like a lot. Do bots follow people?
I was referring to the 10,000 for Trump...
So you're saying there are more than 10,000 unique accounts tweeting [one of]* the seven pro-Trump hastags every week?
They only had to use one of the hashtags.
Edited. Thanks.
I don't see why you didn't object to that before. Are you looking for problems? Trump and Hillary both get around 10,000 retweets *per tweet,* reaching over 100,000 on big tweets. Yes, more than 10,000 supporters are using their hashtags.
> And every tweet from one account should still represent one person. I stipulated it. Look, if it helps I don't think 33% of the people that will vote for Trump on Nov. 8th believe that whites are being systematically disadvantaged, just like I don't think that a significant portion of the people that will vote for him are wet-brained WalMartial Law conspiracy nuts. I'm sure you don't think 33% of Hillary supporters establishment tools.
You can't retweet twice. Every retweet represents an individual person. That's why I used the example. Even if 33% of people thought whites were disadvantaged (which is a vague as hell statement anyway), that is a far cry from following white nationalists. I think you're moving the goalposts to be honest.
White genocide is one of the examples they cited as an example of a white nationalist tweet. You do bring up a good point. The study doesn't stipulate whether they meant tweets or retweets or if those two things were considered the same and they should. Parroting a viewpoint means it resonates with you but reacting to it is more indicative of your having internalized it.
About a third of Trump's Twitter followers are bots IIRC.
Is that different from a large celebrity's bot %?
Not really.
Correlation?
Yes bots follow millions
Isnt 10k just how the twitter api works for users without special privileges
Could be, but they should have outlined it, as well as the specifics of the search. Given that they haven't (I mean seriously, why not?) and result was a ludicrously high figure of 1/3, I'm gonna call shenanigans.
Twitter isnt going to offer the full firehose of their whole data input at a rate any research study could afford. Twitter is free , their members and data are their livelihood > aven't (I mean seriously, why not?) and result was a ludicrously high figure of 1/3, Ludicrously high based on what study?
Yep, I'm sure the rest of them are cool.
> Yep, I'm sure the rest of them are cool. *"And some of them, I assume, are good people."*
sure the rest of em are bots.
Actually, I know a ton of people that follow Trump just cause it's entertaining, even though they don't support him.
And do they also follow around prominent white nationalists / racists as well? Because if so, that's called "a pattern".
The rest of them are 60 and older, so probably not on Twitter.
Yup, what this says to me is that of his young supporters, a non negligible amount of them follow white nationalists.
Ha, I didn't imply that. With so many perfectly good arguments against Trump, there is no need for an article to misrepresent a poll.
Twitter is a random sampling, except for perhaps the poor, and I wonder if the very poor are more or less misinformed?
> With so many perfectly good arguments against Trump, there is no need for an article to misrepresent a poll. That is about 99% of this sub. So much actual stuff they could say against Trump, but they go with "some people who like trump are bad". Because, you know, all Clinton supporters are angels.
In the context of Republicans, Clinton supporters are angels. She's the best Republican running, after all.
*Alabama flair* checks out.
We've already got one directly comparing him to Hitler, this seems like a step down, so I'm not sure why that one gets so much love but this one is more controversial. It's okay to attack Mr. Orange, but not his children?
Don't punch down. Attacking voters is always punching down.
I'll punch whoever the hell I please. As Churchill said; the best argument against democracy is a five minute conversation with the average voter.
Have you considered that you're an average voter?
I think the people who frequent reddit, commenting in r/the_donald or r/politics/hillaryforpres aren't your "average vote" The people who watch CNN after work and that's it are your average voter.
I'm not living in a country in which I have the right to vote. So in fact I am not an average voter.
This guy gets it.
Oh, I agree that it's not exactly good data for figuring out the total percentage of white nationalists who support Trump, but I'm guessing it's a whole lot more than 0%
If they didn't follow Trump, they would follow Hillary, they are going to follow someone at the end of the day. This "study" conducted with multiple fallacies, also "correlates" white nationalist with Trump in and effort so say "see told you Trump is racist" despite there being any real tangible correlation. It's bunk and an effort to paint a negative picture of a candidate. This would be a better correlation if you wanted to hurt a candidate- https://www.google.com/amp/www.breitbart.com/2016-presidential-race/2016/08/25/hillary-clinton-friend-mentor-robert-byrd-kkk/amp/?client=safari
Oh my god you guys are still talking about the Byrd connection? You realize he was [honored by the NAACP](https://donate.naacp.org/press/entry/naacp-mourns-the-passing-of-u.s.-senator-robert-byrd/) due to how strongly he tried to make amends for his previous actions?
I've given up. Why should people bother knowing that the single greatest regret of Byrd's life was his KKK connection and that he spent his last 40 years in the senate fighting to make amends when they can just know that he was in the KKK? No one would say that Byrd's actions in his early adult life were okay, but we should all be able to at least acknowledge, like the NAACP did, that he had a change of heart and fought for the majority of his public life to make amends. It seems that such a level of faith in human decency and understanding is unwarranted in this election cycle. Byrd told CNN once that the only thing people would remember when they took a look at his tombstone was that he had once been a member of the KKK. It's pretty sad that it took less than a decade for that prediction to come true. Edit - can't find the original source for the CNN interview, but this [outside the beltway](http://www.outsidethebeltway.com/senator_byrd_and_the_kkk/) article puts it with Bernard Shaw in 1993, which lines up with my recollection. The exact quote was apparently: > Q: What has been your biggest mistake and your biggest success? > > A: Well, it’s easy to state what has been my biggest mistake. The greatest mistake I ever made was joining the Ku Klux Klan. And I’ve said that many times. But one cannot erase what he has done. He can only change his ways and his thoughts. That was an albatross around my neck that I will always wear. You will read it in my obituary that I was a member of the Ku Klux Klan.
The KKK came out in support of HRC, so her % of white nationalists is also > 0. I'd love to see a percentage on how many anti-white people support Hillary on Twitter. That'd probably be sobering for a lot of people. This is like a lot of earlier media coverage that made a big deal out of white people without college education supporting Trump, but saw no issues with black or latino people without college education supporting Hillary. They wanted to shame white people, and ended up insulting a lot of people.
Wow, Hillary is truly an amazing human if she can unite the KKK and Black people behind one candidate.
I'll admit, that's a pretty weird accomplishment.
[Trump was recently endorsed by The Crusader](http://www.salon.com/2016/10/18/donald-trump-and-the-embrace-of-the-kkk-the-klan-gives-a-de-facto-endorsement-to-the-trump-campaign-on-the-front-page-of-its-newspaper/), the KKK's official newspaper. [Photo of the front page on Twitter](https://twitter.com/pari_passu/status/787693834545225728/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw)
OK, so both candidates have white supremacists supporting them. Only of these candidates have anti-white supporters backing them. Guess which one does? Edit: a word.
> The Crusader That has to be the most stereotypical name for a KKK newspaper they could pick. "DEUS VULT DEUS VULT"
I'm guessing the % of white nationalists who *don't* support Trump is not a whole lot more than 0.
I don't understand. A white person isn't allowed to be a nationalist? Is this article supposed to be criticism? Like a person with white skin is vulgar? Or being a nationalist is vulgar? Or just both together? I feel a latent hostility in this thread, but I don't know why. Why do people in this thread have bigotry towards this particular group of Americans?
Bigotry isn't popular. If you don't like being unpopular, don't be xenophobic, misogynistic, or racist. It's pretty simple. Most people have zero struggle with this (as most people are decent and civil).
Since when does being proud of your heritage makes you a bigot?
Because it's not about being proud of your heritage it's about feeling that your heritage is superior to other people's. Celebrating Oktoberfest is being proud of being German, white pride rallies are about superiority. Superiority complex makes you a bigot.
Which of the examples included in the study do you think rises to the level of stating that white people are *superior* to other races? Do you believe that the Black Panthers, and other Black Nationalist groups, are also bigots?
Good distinction. Sad that adults don't already know this.
LOL. Just 'right think' and all of your problems are whisked away! Why is being 'popular' a value to you?
> LOL. Just 'right think' and all of your problems are whisked away! Not really. Just if the writing is on the wall and it's saying you're not getting what you want then give up and stay or find someplace that has what you want. > Why is being 'popular' a value to you? If your views are unpopular they'll never be the law of the land. And even if they are somehow they won't stay the law very long (by diplomacy or revolt).
After this contentious election is over let’s try to give love to all Americans. Rural whites are generally poor. They suffer.
There was an interesting article about how Trump gained popularity because of rural whites who felt that nobody really cared about their issues. It made sense TBH
They're a sizable demographic. The Trump trick is to care about both their issues and the issues of other demographics to make a majority to win the election. I think the vulgar image of poor whites, by this article, for instance, is political propaganda. It's been going on for awhile. As long as Democrats libel these people as "White Nationalists" "Racists" in an irredeemable way, no "minority" demographic will break ranks. But a smart demographic should play both sides. For example, Blacks have for many decades voted 90%+ Democrat. They'd get more actual attention to their issues if they were swing voters because both parties will gladly court them for votes.
I'm fairly certain it was Marx who first presented Racism as a means of keeping the lower classes fighting amongst themselves rather than their accrual oppressors. Persons of power have a vested interest in keeping poor whites blaming their problems on poor blacks and vise versa.
Well hold on, it's pretty fucking popular. We have a presidential candidate representing those things in spades right now. It's not right, but it is popular.
In 1776 America was 20% black. Miscegenation is so common that 30% of all whites have nonwhite ancestry. In the South, where white nationalism is most popular, 10% of all whites have black dna. America is not a white country
I don't consider it a "White Country" either for the most part, being built on a "Red Continent" and all, however your stats are off. First, "White" in the US is an incredibly vague census term that includes North Africans, West Asians and even Indians, as well as Latinos. Sometimes called Caucasian (which is a silly term, confuses people with the actual Caucuses) The largest actual study on Whites who believe they have no non-white ancestors found around 4% had non-white ancestry. Concentrated almost entirely in the ex-slave states, you're right, with South Carolina the highest rate at 13%. But the South is not 10% black admixture, and most states in the US are below 2% detectable black ancestor. Results: http://imgur.com/a/X8hJU Here is a pastebin with smaller studies on admixture, sampling studies: http://pastebin.com/Dj05QkmX
those are two decades old studies. This is a study of 145,000 white Americans and it found 10% of southern whites are partially black. While it's true overall only 3.5% of white americans are partially black a large portion of southern whites(10%) are partially black. More so people who are 15% black don't identify as black at all and those who are 25% black identify as black half the time. Overall white Americans are not "white" in the sense that Europeans are. Also keep in mind white nationalists consider someone with so much as one black ancestor black or at least nonwhite. They will not tolerate even the tiniest bit of black dna https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2014/12/22/a-lot-of-southern-whites-are-a-little-bit-black/
This is the United States of America. The land of the free and the home of the brave. Where we hold these truths to be self-evident: that all mankind is created equal, endowed by their creator with the inalienable right to pursue life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Where we welcome immigrants and tell the world to send us their tired, their poor, their huddled masses yearning to breathe free. The wretched refuse of their teeming shores. Send us the homeless and tempest-tost, because we lift our lamp beside the golden door. This is the land of opportunity, the New World, the melting pot and a place to re-create yourself. NONE OF THAT HAS TO DO WITH RACE. We are not a nation. We are a Republic of many nations, and we can contain multitudes, because our power lies in our Constitution, in our rights, in our system of government, and in our ideals. It has never, and will never, be something that is carried in genes. It is a set of values every American, born or arrived, needs to decide to live up to. I'm sorry you've decided not to be an American.
I love this election if only for the fact that it's made straight-line Democrats copy+paste words they called obsolete, sexist, for whites by whites, etc. just a few years ago. Maybe this signals a change in our electorate toward a more rule orrien-- Oh, wait, that's every election. Ohh, that sucks.
WOW, much deep! Stay woke!
Your last comment was unnecessary. The person you are responding to was obviously just confused about the term "white nationalist."
you're either being deliberately obtuse, or you don't know what white nationalism is. i suggest you read up on it before defending it.
White Nationalism is different from nationalism while being white. White Nationalism is almost exclusively about racists "taking back" the country from "lesser" races.
White nationalism usually refers to white-focused nationalism, not nationalists who happen to be white. It's an ideology that supports a white racial nation, and pushes a narrative of racial grievance against minorities and immigrants.
Poor blacks leverage racial grievances against whites as part of their identity. You don't have sympathy for poor whites leveraging racial grievances against immigrants?
Never heard this perspective before, but it really does put the shoe on the other foot. I'd love to hear if anyone actually has a response to this.
Just because someone else does it doesn't mean it's right. That's a lousy third grader excuse for bad behavior. I expect personal responsibility from the people in this country, and that means everyone no matter what they look like. Saying "someone else does it, so I can, too" is weak and pathetic.
>You don't have sympathy for poor whites leveraging racial grievances against immigrants? No
That isn't true. Some black people do harbour anti white views. However you state all 'poor blacks' have racial grievances which is just factually wrong. There is a legacy of slavery, racial segregation and institutional racism that is recent enough to still be in living memory. That is enough to justify some of that residual hate. However that is absolutely not on the same level as white supremacists, who believe flat out that melatonin levels someone make a human superior or inferior.
> you state **all** 'poor blacks' have racial grievances which is just factually wrong. I'm not trying to take sides here, but you're putting words in /u/Wowzie_Mime's mouth here. At no point did they say or imply they were talking about "all" poor black people.
People complaining about people who still have it worse than them no. I have no sympathy for some punches down.
I remember in a Michael Moore documentary about these poor whites. There was a woman who bred rabbits for meat. That was how she stayed fed. Selling rabbit meat to her neighbors. There isn't much lower you can go than that.
Just to add, as someone who grew up around them *absolutely not*. If the idea wasn't completely steeped in hypocrisy, racism and denial there'd be a platform of issues to address. The white nationalists in my town were caught on camera jumping a black guy and turned around and claimed it wasn't a hate crime. They pretend they work hard while they complain about how kids these days don't but then worry about immigrants that actually do. They're the white version of black ghetto trash but you can't hold them up as an example of their race cause that's not fair. Just the way it seems to me as a white guy who grew up in a racist little mining town.
Except it's not.
Would you care to offer a defense of the white nationalist ideology? I'm willing to change my mind about it if presented with good arguments and evidence.
White people being nationalistic is no different than other races doing the same. People who are following people who are nationalistic and are white doesn't make them racist does it? It's become a buzzword to try and vilify white people who believe in their own nation and culture. I don't have any strong arguments or evidence other than my own experience. While it's purely anecdotal, it's what I believe. Racism is wrong. Believing in your culture isn't.
It is. Some on the New Right (and even it's Alt-Right descendant) or some Far-Rightists do not or at least distantly support Trump Either because he makes movements look bad with his poor behaviour and scandals, his close collusion with existing mainstream conservatives (which Alternative Right movements, at least outside the US, cannot tolerate), and his huge support for Israel and love of Judaism. His clownish and vulgar behaviour and apparent limited amount of culture runs in the face of Euro-Traditionalist ideas which place paramount importance on intellectualism and fitness. Also, people who are into National Socialism, even mildly, tend to truly abhor American capitalism and its effects on the world, and Trump is solidy part of that. Then of course is the solid chunk of White Nationalists who simply oppose the US as a whole, so the more Trump embraces fanatical patriotism, the less they support him Or just those who don't trust anything about him, and even if they share some crossover with some of Trumps forays into White Nationalism, they consider him a flip-flopper on issues or a crypto-progressive just in it for the ego and votes. But a lot of that applies to non-American race/ethnic Nationalists
[You sure about that?](https://www.google.com/amp/insider.foxnews.com/amp/article/51056?client=safari)
Haha look out People! /u/relee1865 is whipin out the fake news!
What's fake about it?
If anything it makes things worse. This election has been so ripe with misinformation that it's hard telling what's real anymore.
A third of a sample of 10k supporters somehow determined to be "active" and US citizens (not bots, maybe?), extracted from all of Trump's followers by some unmentioned process. There are a lot of ways poor statistical sampling can creep in there, using some unknown process to reduce the number of followers makes the study entirely useless.
Jeez.
Emojinalysis
> A third of a sample of 10k supporters Are you saying that 10k isn't a large enough sample? Because it is.
Because its probably not random
Keep doing those mental gymnastics.
You seriously think that 1/3 of trump supporters are white supremists? If not, then this study must be flawed in some way.
It's not mental gymnastics to as about basic sampling methodology. Look I polled 10 Democrats protesting outside an abortion clinic, turns out 100% of Democrats wan to ban abortion.
Its also hard to extract what exactly a white nationalist is when they are calling Pepe a racist symbol.
Im guessing they are claiming anyone who has posted pepe and been reported for it are "white nationalists". But as usual, r/politics posting clickbait misleading shit. Cuz if its against trump, then its ok. But post anything besides the mega thread. Removed in moments.
Try reading the article.
A white nationalist is anyone who disagrees with Hillary Clinton.
The SPLC listed Ayaan Hirsi Ali and Maajid Nawaz as ant-muslim extremists. Shit is getting really weird. Who do moderates trust to get their news from. I can't read 90% of crap i see because it comes from such a biased source. That used to be made up mostly alt-right bullshit, but now the regressive left is taking over as well. Fuck me!
Former muslims can be some of the biggest muslim haters out there. Those 2 especially.
Haters? Do you mean criticizers? There is a big difference. And I wonder why that phenomenon that you describe exists?
Twitter banned Milo Yiannopoulos for racism when he can't stop talking about his love for black cock. I think their definition of "white nationalist" might be somewhat askew and basically mean "anyone I disagree with".
Over 1/3 of Trump supporters follow people on Twitter who are both white and love the U.S.A.!!!! OMG WHITE NATIONALISTS! Everyone knows thats the worst color of nationalist there is.
I don't think these are the people who are saying Pepe is a racist symbol, I thought it was a Hillary Clinton thing on her site.
She got the ADL to classify it as a hate symbol as well.
pepe is a nazi!!!!!! - Hillary Clinton Supporters
Weird how half of the_dipshit commenters are 3 day old accounts...almost like you guys are either ashamed or all have several accounts to spam.
Actually, many of us supporters were annoyed when Pepe was co-opted by White Nationalists. Lost the use of a perfectly good meme when they decided to make it a symbol of their own.
The misinterpretation or misrepresentation of a meme does not in any way make it any harder to "extract what a white nationalist is".
kek
haha noob! white supremacists have a little white W right next to the verified check mark.
It's pretty easy to discern when Pepe is wearing a swastika armband.
Poor Pepe. 4chan pushed the rumor that he has always been a racist symbol and the media fell for it hard. The media really embarrassed itself with believing a 4chan rumor without checking facts.
Unlike Trump supporters, regular people don't find it exceedingly difficult to identify massive racists. I know you guys find it difficult though..
If by "they you mean the group that did the study then no, they don't. The ADL declared it a hate symbol
[removed]
alt left? Thats a new one.
Their criteria was to check if Trump supporter accounts followed certain well known white-nationalist accounts. 1/3 Trump supporters active on Twitter follow white-nationalist accounts. It's not a long article. You should read it.
I'm confused how they determined what qualified someone as a Trump supporter.
It means nothing.
>It means nothing. Wrooong... If the title said *Hilary* instead of *Trump* it would be a national scandal. Bigly/Big-league double standard! SAD!
The hell? Everything Hillary does gets no attention here. You're a madlad
At least Hillary pays her shills. You guys are dumb doing shit for free. Go back to r/incel
He's not a racist symbol, he's a symbol [used by racists](http://www.npr.org/2016/09/28/495816963/pepe-the-frogs-long-strange-journey-from-internet-meme-to-hate-symbol), and there's a difference. Don't let jackasses hijack memes.
You can say the same thing about anything. If you put a Nazi swastika on a picture of SpongeBob it's not SpongeBob that makes it racist, it's the swastika. Surprisingly I just did a google search and it's easy to find lots of Nazi SpongeBob images.
And that's why it's Hillarious (I'm sorry) that Clinton attacked Pepe. She clearly underestimates the so-called '4chan'
Wait are you saying that the swastika is a racist symbol? You can say the same thing about anything. If you put a peace sign on a nazi uniform, it's not the peace sign that makes it racist its the uniform.
If you aren't being sarcastic (sorry it's a bit hard to tell) both Nazi uniforms and Nazi swastikas are hateful symbols.
No they are just symbols used by racists which can be true about any symbol.
Symbols change meanings. We all love and miss pepe, but unfortunately, he has become a racist symbol.
We already lost the swastika, don't let em take Pepe.
>*...not a racist symbol, he's a symbol used by racists...*" Right, just like a swastika.
Also like the [number 88.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/88_(number\)#In_white_nationalism) It doesn't mean everyone born in 1988 who uses their birth year in their username is a racist. It means maybe the guy named "AntiGlobalist[14](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fourteen_Words)88" who puts words in [triple parentheses](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Triple_parentheses) is probably not someone you want to follow on Twitter.
>So the theory is that Pepe started appearing in hateful memes so that celebrities and others would stop using him. The news media picked up on it. Hillary Clinton's campaign referred to Pepe as a symbol associated with white supremacy. It even popped up at a Clinton speech. Wow that's some quality journalism! </s>
Yeah, and so is this piece of shit article... lol I love the fact that the FBI megathread got taken down AGAIN : ) Hillary is a fuckin crook. Her, WJC and friends are going downnnnnnnnn.
When trump loses and hillary clinton doesnt go to jail, can i have your stuff.
What prison do you think they'll send her to? I really look forward to her and WJC's trial : ) Will take off for their sentencing!
Do you really want Trump to override the justice system and imprison her?
No, id let the FBI do their job, and I'd make sure they actually did their job (Loretta Lynch should get locked up as well, the disgrace she is).
Would you also have Trump charged with corruption over bribing the judge in the Trump U trial?
Putting someone away for the crimes they commit is overriding? Anyone besides Hillary would be rotting in jail right now.
It is when the president decides that they have committed the crime and not the justice system.
Pepe is a meme of peace! Don't let the bad apples in the MSM tell you otherwise!
Yeah but when a meme gets blown up I know Pepe did it, even after the facts come out I know it was Pepe.
Prasie KEK and based Pepe. Meme magic be with you.
In what I've seen the context makes it clear anyway. Show me a twitter avatar or meme with Pepe and I'll immediately tell you if it has racist intent.
What? The methodology looked at ten specific white nationalist accounts. The actual source article has samples from all ten, and you can verify their attitudes yourself. There's not much ambiguity that they're dyed-in-the-wool white supremacists. And even if they were using Pepe, have you seen some of the white nationalist takes on the character? A good chunk of them are not subtle at all-- I think people are assuming that the image of Pepe that got him listed by the ADL are coded references using the same image used for years on Reddit and 4chan, and while some are, a lot are seriously, immediately objectionably racist. The ADL site has some good examples, many culled directly from the Twitter accounts used in this story! Now, the study itself is questionable. It's not a political science firm; this is effectively a demonstration of a marketing tool, not true social science. It's a narrow sample of 10,000 Twitter users who 1) follow Trump and 2) posted a pro-Trump message. That's hardly representative of his entire base. On the other side of the equation, they selected ten white nationalists; there are almost certainly members of the cohort who follow white nationalists other than the ten selected. It's a shocking headline to draw attention to a company trying to sell demographics and marketing tools, but the bona fides of the racists is really not in question.
http://www.dangerandplay.com/2016/10/29/media-hoax-alert-the-atlantic-and-esquire-caught-lying/ The guy on that list with the most followers is marrying into another race and having a kid with her. If he's a white supremacist, he's not doing a very good job of it.
>And even if they were using Pepe, have you seen some of the white nationalist takes on the character? A good chunk of them are not subtle at all-- I think people are assuming that the Pepe that got him listed by the ADL are coded references using the same image used for years on Reddit and 4chan, and while some are, a lot are seriously, immediately objectionably racist. The ADL site has some good examples, many culled directly from the Twitter accounts used in this story! This is totally objectively absurd. White nationalist use this thing therefore it's a white nationalist symbol. How about the cross of Christianity, tons of white supremacists use christian symbolism (hello burning cross). Better list the cross as a hate symbol. It's just absurd, the entire logic of it. Anyone who was has any even partial understanding of internet culture and sub cultures looks at that and asks themselves what the hell is wrong with the ADL. They lost credibility and anyone making the argument that pepe is a racist symbol will get rightfully laughed at by the majority of the internet.
I don't think you know much about this. You just reacted to a reddit headline and went from there.
>I don't think you know much about this. You just reacted to a reddit headline and went from there. If you actually read what I wrote you would see I was responding to a poster, not OPs article. Thanks for the shitpost response though.
I could also easily go find 10k Hillary supporters that call for the death of Americans. 10k is an INSANELY small sample to pull from, and how did they choose the ten? With how studies like this tend to go I wouldn't be surprised if they saw someone that said some really racist bullshit then checked to see if they follow trump and included them in the study. Boom, ten out of ten Trump followers are neo nazis.
Go read the study instead of treating your skepticism and prior biases as somehow relevant.
Okay, I did that, still no fucking clue how this study was conducted.
Surprising nobody.
So you have the intimate details ensuring a quality study? Do share, friend.
> There's not much ambiguity that they're dyed-in-the-wool white supremacists. Woah there buddy. White nationalists want pure, white, UNADULTERATED wool. Not any of this 'dyed' wool stuff.
Thank you; I can't believe I made such a mistake.
>Not any of this ~~'dyed'~~ colored wool stuff. FTFY
There's nothing inherently white suoremacist about being a weirdo misfit, but weirdo misfits are a pretty popular pool of people for white nationalists to recruit from
[deleted]
just Google image Pepe /pol/.
Have you been to a site called Reddit?
https://m.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL16B53A3C6E0BA7A9 I present to you "California Reich" a 1975 documentary. There's a Nazi santa and they wear special helmets and a dude's armband falls off mid-march... Oh man. You're welcome. Edit: for extra credit, drink every time someone says "white" with the hard H.
"Weirdo misfits" are a popular crowd for any group to pull from
I can't source directly right now, but neo-nazis and the kkk have both done documentaries before where they admit they go after the homeless and lonesome teenagers, because they are filled with a lot of resent and hate.
Kind of like the DNC did to stage fake anti-Trump protests in Chicago and other cities?
is looking more and more like gang so yeah. Like that.
Hey man I didn't say anything about politics, I'm just saying that Neos and the klan function like any other gang, and young angry men are the best weapons.
Are you guys actually scared of the kkk and white nationalists? Unless you're black and live in the ozarks or something, this is lamest boogie man we've had. It's like we're going through another red scare right now, except instead of being about communism, it's accusing people of being bigots. People are losing the jobs, dealing with virtual lynch mobs, being censored as much as possible, it's just like black listing.
All groups go after the young, lost, and rebellious.
Can confirm. This is more or less how 4chan.org/pol/ got turned into what it is today. Originally it was just *Hitler did nothing wrong how edgy is that!* Then you advance to *Look at these NeoNazi Memes! Omg guarantee replies.* Now actual neonazi's show up because their images are being used. They start more or less posting propaganda and radicalizing the population. You fast forward a few years and this is how 4chan.org/pol/ turned into the current state. The only people who ever posted there were largely socially ostracized angst filled white kids. You really can't rationalized a sane cleared headed person to irrational militant position. So why bother? Find the angst-filled, angry, socially ostracized teenagers. They'll literally do anything to fit in.
It's quite interesting how 4chan went from moralfags to alt-right, I thought it was cause the older hacker were kinda hippies and the young ones were more 'neoreactionary' types.
It's not like most of the people on 4chan are hackers though... My personal theory is that it was gamergate. 4chan was always assholes, but most of them weren't necessarily overtly political. Gamergate got them riled up, and Milo jumped on the bandwagon to support them. Which got a whole lot of angry assholes with poor critical thinking skills reading Breitbart...
I was on /pol/ ten years ago and I can tell you it was definitely a joke. At the same time that people were posting gaping assholes and dismembered bodies on /b/ people were posting neo-nazi stuff on /pol/ for the same reason: to provoke a reaction. Like all of 4chan, it was never meant to be taken seriously.
"Sane clear headed" people can be convinced of a lot of things. All it takes is for them to not question a single assumption, and then valid but not necessarily sound conclusions can reasonably be drawn from them, forming a vast logical web or tree of knowledge that seems correct given certain assumptions at the root. Or, they may have "compartmentalized" separate knowledge trees so that they do not interfere with one another. Everyone has many disparate trees because they all have different root assumptions that they have grown from, and we won't necessarily have worked out the contradictions between them, as we don't always have the will or means to resolve them.
>"Sane clear headed" people can be convinced of a lot of things. Like a lot of liberals on this sub who advocate for the dumbest things... And people saying that since hillary is under 2 FBI investigations she is ok, because trump said bad things...
Are you being deliberately ignorant? Google "Trump lawsuits" and read the first link.
No he is a Trump Supporter... But it is funny some really good posts.....and then a Trump Supporter projecting....
Kind of like street gangs
And terrorists.
Any criminal/revolutionary group really
Well to be fair, that's what they are. They are gangs. Look at the punk scene 20 years ago, racists were everywhere because punk allowed anger to run rampant.
Neo-nazis and kkk arent gangs. The vital difference is gangs usually start under the pretense of protection from other gangs, injustice or dangers of the area. Groups like neo-nazis and kkk start as a resentment of group separate from popular opinion that eant to propel their way of living into the mainstream to spread. Big difference is how they start and end goals.
I think the KKK and neo-nazis are just a bunch of FBI agents that the FBI forgot about and left deep undercover and now all they do is write reports on the other undercover agents. The reports are probably put in a box and put in some warehouse and have never been seen by another human set of eyes.
There is a saying that 60% of the kkk are fbi undercover and the other 40% are the fbi undercover the other 60% dont know about.
Sadly a lot of White gangs start off as a protection incentive for nerdy white kids who grew up in bad neighborhoods. They go after a bullied and alienated crowd.
In their opinion they are protecting the "true whites" of their areas. This doesn't mean that they are anywhere in the right, but they definitely coincide with the same idea of other gangs, that by making money and committing crime they are doing an overall good.
The pretense of kkk is to "secure the existence of our people and a future for white children" which sounds like a pretense for protection against other groups/ethnicities/"people". The us vs them mentality is what creates these groups, regardless of kkk or gang- they're seeking to protect "their" people.
> Look at the punk scene 20 years ago, racists were everywhere [Nazi Punks Fuck Off](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nazi_Punks_Fuck_Off)
It reminds of the O'Keefe DNC video where Scott Foval said he hires mentally ill people to attack Trump supporters. I guess targeting the vulnerable is common among sociopaths.
Jello for president!
Oh, I didn't meant to imply that the punk scene was a racist one, rather that racists were seeking harbor within it. They definitely met resistance at the door.
40 years ago. 20 years ago was 1996.
The 90's were definitely still a time if racism, but you are probably right in pulling the slider back a little.
Yeah, Boston, Atlanta, Jacksonville, Los Angeles and Orange County we're huge zones of punk skinheads. Shit, I remeber an Anti-flag show (very anti skinhead) in the early 2000's that ended up being "raided" by 20 or so nazi idiots, pepper spray and brass knuckles. Nasty evening.
90s were indeed a time of racism still - but the Punk Scene was mid 70s to mid 80s :) Which is, sadly, 40 odd years ago. I do the same thing btw, "10 years ago it was 2000" - nope :D im old :(
I don't know where you live, but I know I felt like the scene was dead until I started searching. Have since found a massive underground scene that still slams harder than anything else.
cojack96 mind is stuck in 96 lol
Kind of like ISIS
They're not. The Southern Poverty Law Centre's move was to add Pepe to its list of symbols _used_ by white nationalists. It doesn't mean they think all Pepe use is for racist causes. It's like the way Doc Martens or red suspenders have associations with old school skinheads, but you can absolutely buy and use these things for other purposes. The reaction in Reddit to this listing has been completely ridiculous, and led by fucking morons.
Are you fucking serious? How can you possibly make that distinction. Google image "Nazi Mickey Mouse" and tell them to put that on their list of symbols used by white nationalists too. Might as well lest every popular meme/symbol/character ever created on that list then.
>Are you fucking serious? How can you possibly make that distinction. Easily, I can make it easily. Because it is easy. > Google image "Nazi Mickey Mouse" and tell them to put that on their list of symbols used by white nationalists too. Might as well lest every popular meme/symbol/character ever created on that list then. Quality bullshit here. How about you get "nazi Mickey mouse" to gain significant traction in white nationalist communities as a symbol of their shared ideology? Because if you do, it can go on the fucking list. That's what the list is for, it's not just a jumble of shit some fucken random got a Google image result from.
You know what else is used by white nationalists? Computers, cars, words, emojis, and guns, water, air etc... Pepe is used by all sorts of groups, and people. The fact that they put that stupid cartoon frog on some fucking racism list is utterly absurd.
The fact that people can me so apathetic towards what is in reality, a very racist symbol is utterly absurd. Racism is real, and yes it is on the internet too. Even in memes.
>I don't understand what "symbolism" means. Interesting. Which computers, cars, words, emojis, and guns (I like how you added water and air after the fact because you realized your entire argument was so weak) do white nationalists have in common?
But there are so many different kinds of pepes of various flavor and origin, can you tell me which one white nationalists use in particular?
>Symbolism doesn't real because some symbols have slight differences. You're trying to conflate "Having a tattoo" with "Having a 14/88 tattoo and also being a white nationalist".
If every white nationalist was using a specific car that could be identified easily, then yes, it would probably be seen as a symbol of white nationalism.
there goes the confederate flag painted 1970 ford f150 market
And if every white nationalist was using a specific pepe it could be a symbol. There are tons of different kinds of pepes though, so generalizing him as a hate symbol is absurd. Realistically, the racist ones tend to have him accompanied by ACTUAL symbols of racism like the swastika.
Lol, it's amazing that you use the example of the swastika as an example of actually racist symbol and ignore the fact that it's most widespread use is as a symbol of peace and religion. Good job. Not all uses of the swastika are racist. Hell, most uses of the swastika today and even a huge amount of uses back at the full swing of the nazis was not racist or fascist. Yet, it's associated with fascists today. Not every fascist uses the symbol of the swastika to support their point. It's still considered a symbol of racism and fascism.
>it's most widespread use is as a symbol of peace and religion. *Was So, completely absurd here but: Try walking through an American Ghetto with giant swastikas all over you. Now do the same thing wearing a shirt with Pepe on it. I guarantee, most, if not all people in the west see the swastika as a nazi symbol, not what it USED to be known as.
Its most widespread use today is as a symbol of peace and religion idiot. It's a national symbol of Tajikistan, is commonly associated with Buddhists, [see things like this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_Swastika_Society), it's everywhere in India, go to the sinosphere and see how the swastika is used. Guess what? The West isn't the whole world, nor is it even close to a majority of the population. The representation of the Swastika is as a symbol of peace and more people in the World would agree with that statement then the idea that the swastika is fascist.
Pepe isn't a racist symbol outside of the U.S. if it's even that... So, there?
And here's the usual response that completely missed the point. Pepe is being used as a symbol by some white nationalists. Pepe is not exclusively a white nationalist symbol. The list is of symbols that are _worth paying attention to as they are being used by white nationalists_. It's not a ban, not a sanction against Pepes, or any other restriction of general Pepe usage, just an acknowledgement that Pepe's racist uses are worth watching. They also list the Celtic Cross, which has a strong racist following, but also plenty of non-racist symbolism. You're angry about this because you haven't bothered to understand it.
I'm not angry, and I understand it. I think it's all utterly ridiculous.
SPLC watches hate groups. Pepe is being co-opted by hate groups. It makes perfect sense.
> You're angry about this because you haven't bothered to understand it. He's angry about this because Clinton tried to score political points by claiming anyone using a cartoon frog from that point forward was a White Nationalist. It wasn't about some uses of the meme, it was to tie the meme as a whole to White Nationalism.
Is anyone claiming a Pepe by itself is racist? The only examples of racist Pepe's I've seen include other symbols like swastikas or KKK garb. Those other symbols are the only thing that make it racist. A Pepe by itself has no racist meaning or symbolism. It's only inherit meaning is "feeling bad". It is incapable of carrying racist meaning on its own. This lack of racist meaning is what makes including it on lists of hate symbols stupid.
> The reaction in Reddit to this listing has been completely ridiculous, and led by fucking morons. Not morons. Apologists. People who are willing to speak out both sides of their mouths on every single topic because their instinct is to spin. They're complete shills, and not even the paid kind.
Yes, anybody who can see reality for what it is rather than resorting to nonsensical conspiracy theories is a shill. You keep that argument up, it's definitely not making you look like a tinfoil hatter.
> Yes, anybody who can see reality for what it is rather than resorting to nonsensical conspiracy theories is a shill. Take a hard look at this sentence and tell me where each of us is coming from. Are you capable of arguing with someone without reframing what they said in a completely dishonest way? And what the fuck are you even blathering about? What conspiracy theory are you accusing me of? The only one on the table is over the 'librul media'. I swear, my first reading of your comment, I swore you were talking about Trump supporters.
My point isn't to accuse anyone of conspiracies, simply to point out that people who try to be an apologist for racism, especially in the form of memes, are in fact morons. I know its not a light way to say it, but it needs to be said. The people who tout pepe and its inherent racism are going to deny the fact that they are drawn to it due to it's inherent meaning. Racist usually don't go around saying "I'm a racist". They try to hide it and spin it and pretend as if they are in fact the good guys.
Well, it starts with apologists and is carried by morons. It's the same stupid "I don't understand this, but it upsets me anyway reflex" that you get when someone mentions equality along racial or gender lines on Reddit. People immediately start shouting nonsense first pushed by committed bigots that they're too stupid to see through (e.g. equality is treating everyone the same in every isolated situation regardless of a broader context of pervasive and sometimes extreme disadvantage, because otherwise some white people or men are made _uncomfortable_).
The Hillary campaign has literally said Pepe is "[a symbol associated with white supremacy.](https://www.hillaryclinton.com/feed/donald-trump-pepe-the-frog-and-white-supremacists-an-explainer/)" and "Pepe’s been almost entirely co-opted by the white supremacists who call themselves the “alt-right.”". That's a lot more than simply saying some white supremacists use Pepe. The fact that Trump retweeted a meme that included Pepe was used as evidence that he was courting white supremacists.
That's a weak ass excuse. Buddhist use the swastika. That doesn't make it any less of a white supremacist symbol. Pepe was a symbol of autism for years until Trump supporters got a hold of him. Co-opt is exactly the right word for it.
>The Hillary campaign has literally said Pepe is "[a symbol associated with white supremacy.](https://www.hillaryclinton.com/feed/donald-trump-pepe-the-frog-and-white-supremacists-an-explainer/)" and "Pepe’s been almost entirely co-opted by the white supremacists who call themselves the “alt-right.”". And? Have I missed some area of mainstream culture where Pepe has suddenly gained incredible traction as anything but a racist symbol? > That's a lot more than simply saying some white supremacists use Pepe. I was talking about SPLC's listing, but the Hillary campaign is right. Pretty much anyone not already familiar with Pepe is being introduced to him as a hate symbol. The alt-right cuntrag brigade got him into the mainstream first. > The fact that Trump retweeted a meme that included Pepe was used as evidence that he was courting white supremacists. That may be jumping to conclusions, but Trump's history of bigotry and race-baiting is well established. If anything, Trump's reputation stains Pepe's.
> Have I missed some area of mainstream culture where Pepe has suddenly gained incredible traction as anything but a racist symbol? Yes. It's called the internet. >The alt-right cuntrag brigade got him into the mainstream first He was already one of the most mainstream memes. He had been used by celebrities and even companies. He's a popular meme on tumblr, 4chan, reddit, and other sites. To say that Pepe has been co-opted by the alt-right means that Pepe is being used almost entirely as a symbol of white supremacism, when it's really more like 1% of Pepe memes are for that. >Trump's history of bigotry and race-baiting is well established I won't deny that, and in the past he has retweeted things from actual white nationalists. But Pepe is not a symbol of white supremacism and it is still a common meme on the internet not in connection with white supremacists
It's also the major white-supremacist supporters he has, and the racist things Trump says, that is used as evidence that he is courting white supremacists.
I mean the alt-right and white supremacy have co-opted Pepe and Trump is courting white supremacists. The whole thing is stupid, but Hillary's campaign isn't wrong.
> I mean the alt-right and white supremacy have co-opted Pepe Holy shit just how out of touch are you?
I know Pepes aren't all symbols of the alt-right or white supremacy. But the alt-right is trying very hard to make them so and they are largely succeeding. Maybe i should have phrased it as the alt-right and white supremacists **are** co-opting Pepe.
It's like people have no idea this shit happened before with the swastika. It wasn't always a symbol of Nazism. Now it is. EDIT: [Link for the Trumpets.](http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-29644591)
Yup, Pepe is like the swastika because a couple of edge lords on the internet used it. Is this still the internet?
[And the swastika was used to advertise Coca-Cola before the Nazis co-opted it.](http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-29644591) Care to explain exactly how this is different? Symbols can be co-opted by different organizations and their meanings changed. Semiotics isn't rocket science.
The Nazis were a political organization that practically had an army and people within government before the election was even a thing. They used it as a symbol and a call to action for their movement. This is children on the internet who share a green frog because it makes funny faces. Some of them post racist shit because it riles up the left and keeps normies out. This has been 4chan culture since the site opened, there is no co-opting or grand conspiracy here. Who am I talking to? Have you been on the internet? How can you be this out of touch and post on reddit?
>The Nazis were a political organization that practically had an army and people within government before the election was even a thing. So what do you call the alt-right then? It's built up all of its support and rallied around Trump, Breitbart, InfoWars, etc. >They used it as a symbol and a call to action for their movement. Yeah, that's how symbols work. And it's how certain iterations of Pepe are being used by Trump supporters, Breitbart, InfoWars, etc. >This is children on the internet who share a green frog because it makes funny faces. These "children" are turning it into another dogwhistle just like ((( ))) and everything else. >Who am I talking to? Have you been on the internet? How can you be this out of touch and post on reddit? I could say the same. This really shouldn't be difficult to understand. Not all Pepe memes are used as hate symbols, just like not all swastikas are hate symbols. Yet, there's been a concerted effort by an organization (alt-right for Pepe, Nazis for swastika) taking an innocuous symbol and using it as something its not and as a result has turned (swastika)/will turn (Pepe) into a symbol associated with hate groups. Nothing is wrong with [this](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/862/065/0e9.jpg) just like there is nothing wrong with [this](http://imgur.com/gallery/SutcnAO). But then you have [this](http://www.slate.com/content/dam/slate/blogs/the_slatest/2016/09/27/anti_defamation_league_classifies_white_nationalist_favorite_pepe_the_frog/pepethefrog.png.CROP.cq5dam_web_1280_1280_png.png) and [this](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-lbcN6onzmmk/UObeoIXZ1SI/AAAAAAAADC0/Br-hCocnoXc/s1600/swas.jpg) and both symbols are being used for a clear purpose. How is this hard to understand?
Remind me of the war that cost 60 million lives that featured pepe as the prominent symbol of the aggressor nation. Or you know, false equivalency.
WOW, wrecked him. That is their favorite argument fallacy besides the strawman.
Well, it's a silly argument obviously. But pre-1939 it didn't have a connection to war-mongering or genocide.
If you draw a Hitler stash on Salt Shaker it can be a symbol of white supremacy. It's a bit overblown.
>I mean the alt-right and white supremacy have co-opted Pepe Occasionally using Pepe and "co-opting" him are not the same. The vast majority of people using Pepe have nothing to do with the alt-right. Hillary's campaign is completely wrong.
They are intentionally trying to make Pepe a symbol of their movement. If that isn't co-opting, I don't know what is.
Trying and succeeding aren't the same. Maybe you can argue they are *attempting* to co-opt Pepe, but I don't even know if that's the case. Pepe is just a common meme, they use a lot of memes it doesn't mean all of those memes are now symbols of white supremacism
They have kind of succeeded on twitter because anytime I see a twitter with a pepe profile picture I always assume that they will either say some racist shit or will reference infowars.
Fair enough
yea it got classified as a hate symbol with the ADL, not to mention quoting it as a white supremacist symbol on her website sourcing "says a white supremacist" and their "source" ended up being a troll
Their "source" had "THIS IS A PARODY ACCOUNT" on his about me on twitter.
Just to clarify as /u/troglodyte tried to, if you look at the actual study by the social media company, Demographics Pro, they are using a pretty focused group to define a white nationalist. In this case, they're cross-referencing users who are both pro-Trump and follow specific leaders in the white nationalist community. I wish their example tweets were better, but the individuals are either openly white nationalists (David Duke) or people who are implicitly so (Mike Cernovich who has positions so radical that Fox News has chosen not to associate themselves with him anymore). edit: grammar
[Picture of the Presidential Candidate with a KKK leader](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Cpik3N1XYAEnsCO.jpg:large)
http://www.snopes.com/clinton-byrd-photo-klan/
Wow not what I was expecting.
I have the suspicion that you didn't read the actual article, but I could be wrong. >It's also true that Robert Byrd was a member of the Ku Klux Klan in the 1940s and helped establish the hate group's chapter in Sophia, West Virginia. However, in 1952 Byrd avowed that "After about a year, I became disinterested [in the KKK], quit paying my dues, and dropped my membership in the organization," and throughout his long political career (he served for 57 years in the United States Congress) he repeatedly apologized for his involvement with the KKK:"I know now I was wrong. Intolerance had no place in America. I apologized a thousand times ... and I don't mind apologizing over and over again. I can't erase what happened." >The NAACP is saddened by the passing of United States Senator Robert Byrd. Byrd, the longest serving member of congress was first elected to the U.S. House from [West Virginia] in 1952 and was elected Senator in 1958. Byrd passed away this morning at the age of 92. >In 2010, even the NAACP released a statement honoring Senator Byrd and mourning his passing: >The NAACP is saddened by the passing of United States Senator Robert Byrd. Byrd, the longest serving member of congress was first elected to the U.S. House from [West Virginia] in 1952 and was elected Senator in 1958. Byrd passed away this morning at the age of 92. >"Senator Byrd reflects the transformative power of this nation," stated NAACP President and CEO Benjamin Todd Jealous. "Senator Byrd went from being an active member of the KKK to a being a stalwart supporter of the Civil Rights Act, the Voting Rights Act and many other pieces of seminal legislation that advanced the civil rights and liberties of our country.
If this study considers Mike Cernovich a White Nationalist, when he's never tweeted anything resembling racism, then the study is garbage.
> then the study is garbage. This is /r/politics I half expected them to use "white nationalist" to include "whites who love America" Also I'm curious as to how many people who follow Trump on twitter actually support him because "1 in 6 Americans" seems high for twitter users.
Ya I follow Mike because sometimes he has interesting things to say, whether I agree with him or not. Only started recently, but I'm surprised to see him mentioned this way from what I've seen so far.
Literally from his website: >The left wants to import “refugees” because those same “refugees” bring with them terrorism and rape. http://www.dangerandplay.com/2016/10/25/why-the-left-has-been-winning-and-how-to-beat-them/ He's hardly focused on white nationalism, but it is a part of his ideological mindset.
Him and Vox Day and their followers are part of a brand of the alt right that is white nationalist but not racist. I used to think that white nationalism implies racism, but when I looked into how the people of the alt right define themselves, Vox Day basically said that white nationalism = wanting an all white or mostly white nation, like China is a nation of Chinese and African nations are nations of Africans. It's a kind of "white nationalism" where they don't (necessarily?) hate non-white people, they just don't want to live in the same nation as them, because they think we'd all be happier in racially homogeneous communities (less differences = less conflicts = tighter community). I think not wanting white genes to be bred out of existence (what they call "white genocide") and preservation of their culture is part of it, too. If you still consider that racism, well that is up to you, I guess. Their other beliefs about IQ difference and differences in propensity for violent crime would be enough for most to consider them to be racists.
That argument only works in the Old World like Europe. Whites aren't indigenous to the US and the majority immigrated here in the 1800s-1900s Whites aren't being "bred out of existence", it's just that now we take in more people from Asia/Latin America as opposed to Europe so the overall percentage has decreased. The raw population itself is increasing at a normal rate.
Being opposed to refugees who rape women is not white nationalism, what's wrong with you?
Saying that the left wants to import refugees **because** refugees are rapists and terrorists is a racist statement. If he said "The left wants to allow refuge for a group of people, some of whom may be rapists or terrorists." That would be an accurate and certainly true statement. Some of any large enough group of people will be rapists, and there may be terrorists too. But the left wants to allow refugees in spite of that fact, not because of it. That's why refugees are screened to refuse immigration for as many evil people as possible. His core statement that the left wants rape and terrorism is delusion. His belief that refugees are likely to be rapists and terrorists is delusional and racist.
Even if what you're saying is true (it's not) how would that mean he's a white nationalist? Do you even know what a white nationalist is??
its the sort of position a white nationalist would have the reason people think trump and his supporters are racist isn't because they're constantly voicing racist statements, its because the statements they do release are ones that white nationalists and racists agree with
And Asians, and indigenous people who know all too well what unmitigated mass immigration from a wildly different culture can do.
It is. There is no other way to make sense of his statement. Assuming he isn't just an idiot spouting phrases without thinking them through. A white nationalist is someone who puts the welfare of white people above non-white people, and who puts the welfare of their own nation above others. I'd say he fits quite clearly.
Where does he put the welfare of white people above other people in that whole made up version of him you posted? There's nothing racist about not wanting terrorists to come into your country, even if those people aren't white. Fuck, this sub brings in the most illogical people. I get it, everyone who disagreed with you is a white nationalist, regardless of their personal beliefs.
Thank you. I didn't have the energy to type that out.
I'm confused, because if being against Islamic refugees that rape women and commit other crimes is white nationalism, then my two black friends and one Hispanic are white nationalists. The study is bull shit. I bet a good portion of the people aren't even white.
I follow people I don't agree with because I find other viewpoints interesting. It doesn't necessarily mean I promote that person's ideas. I don't get this.
We're basically going through another red scare, but instead of accusing anyone you dislike of being a communist, it's accusing them of being a bigot. People have thrown reason out the window in favor of emotionally charged lynch mobs. People have lost their jobs, been harassed by virtual mobs, prestigious intellectuals are being deplatformed left and right, which is basically the closest thing to censorship you can get, for now. It's basically getting black listed. It's a hysteria, and huge chunks of society are turning entirely irrational over it.
Reading articles or posts from a viewpoint you don't agree with is fine. I wish more people would do that. But to follow them and have their message sent to your phone all day is very different.
That's why the statement is so important. It literally just states that they follow those individuals. We don't *know* that those users support the ideas of white nationalism, but we do know that people tend to follow and listen to ideas that at least agree with their world view to *some extent.* My point was certainly not to suggest that all of those users are white nationalists in spirit if not in name. My point was to clarify /u/Extremefreak17's question about the approach of the research. The research doesn't prove those people are white nationalists, but it does indicate they are at least a somewhat receptive audience to the ideas and claims of white nationalists.
I just don't really think we need research to tell us this. It seems quite obvious. And analyzing twitter is not the way we know this. We analyze behavior. And like I said, the people I follow doesn't necessarily show my behavior.
I'm sure they follow them for fun...
I think it would be a better idea then to see who likes tweets from white nationalist leaders then. I follow fox news on Facebook just so I get a diverse source of viewpoints but u rarely participate.
Haha no if you follow FOX NEWS you're a RACIST BIGOT. It can't be that you're interested in hearing alternative viewpoints.
The denial of Trump supporters is truly outstanding. They will do anything to avoid accepting the fact the very platform of Trump's campaign is built on racism. That is the bedrock, the foundation of the whole movement. It's xenophobia and racism that have people flocking to Trump and the reason so many of his followers follow White supremacists on Twitter is because they are sympathetic to white supremacist ideology, not because they fucking find it "interesting".
Bill Clinton flew 26 times on the Lolita Express with the pedophile Jeffery Epstein. You forgot that one.
Lol you mean Jeffrey Epstein, Trump's friend who is named as the co-accused in the child rape case that Trump is currently facing?
Great ¢tR talking point there.
I don't know what that means. Sounds like r/the_donald lingo.
Yep keep going with that narrative. That's exactly what happened with brexit. Racist this, xenophobic that.
Yeah and Brexit was a huge fucking mistake made by politically illiterate mouth breathers with no grasp on the issues. So, you are very right to compare it to Trump's campaign.
I don't deny that his supporters have this specific tendency. I just don't think twitter folllowers is an accurate gauge of your opinions. I sure as hell wouldn't want people forming opinions on me based on everyone I follow. Just because I may watch fox news in a blue moon doesn't mean I endorse all their ideas.
It's terrifying, people I've known my entire life, respected are for this man. I'm not the biggest Hillary supporter but I'll vote for her a 100 times before Truno and when i press them for their reasons for Trump support it's scary the hate that comes out of their mouthes. Shit I personally thought died a long time ago is alive and well right now. I honestly belive the republicans dug up a horrible ghost of a country that I don't recognize. And with this new Comey bullshit they can even more "justify" their vileness. Not sure how I'm gonna relate to friends and co-workers after this nasty election is over.
I'm lucky only 1 uncle is a supporter. Granted a lot of my family thinks the same as a lot about what he says. I'm free though. That uncle's wife is voting clinton so it doesn't really count anyway.
I sincerely believe a lot of women who say they are pro-Trump are secretly going to vote Clinton. They obviously don't like Clinton for the most part, but Trump's behavior is inexcusable and I've grown to truly believe in "women's intuition" over the years. They can smell bullshit sometimes better than men, and Trump is a sewer. However, I just have to fake nod in agreement about the "illegals" are the reason my stepdad hasn't worked in 2 years, (he's got a bad record) and that Hillary is going to sell this Country to "Europe or Russia". I've been drinking a lot lately.
It's almost over and Clinton will win. Plus in another few years Obama will be the Reagan of the Democrats. I don't think millinieals will ever really break hard conservative. Judging by your username you're 2 years younger than me. His support is from old white people who will be dying off. We just have to get through this one election before we are in the clear and in 10 days Clinton will be next in line. I also expect the lame duck to approve Garland. It's almost over. Hang in there
But they also sampled 10000 people identified as voting for Clinton and only 16 fell into the "follows white supremacists" category.
I hate to quote Jeff Foxworthy here, but if you follow white nationalists on Twitter because you find their viewpoints to be interesting, you might be a redneck.
I regularly read politics, wayofthebern, and yes even though it is almost impossible, I read the_Donald and hillaryclinton. I like to get all of the view points when something happens. I actually find wayofthebern least biased and most informative, but they don't have the volume of politics and the_Donald. hillaryclinton tends to shutdown anything negative and the_Donald tends to collectively yell at you for the same. quite like their respective candidates.
Or possibly because there are two sides to every story. Or three, or four, or five, etc. That's why I subscribe to r/jillstein, r/the_donald, and this.....place.
What's the other side to the story these white supremacists are bringing to the table? What new and legitimate information are they bringing to the discussion?
The White Supremacists don't have a valid "side" to the story.
Yes and no. Their views are certainly abhorrent, but it is interesting how they got to be that way. And many of them, other than their obvious racism, are generally good people. It's like the people in Hitchhikers Guide, the Krikkits, who were wonderful until they discovered that there were other people in the universe and decided that "it had to go".
Okay, but in your analogy the Trump supporters are the Krikkits. And the Krikkits were locked up for a very good reason. At a certain point, who cares why the guy screaming JEW-S-A at the press go that way? It's interesting for a novelist, but we're trying to run a republic; that guy gets a vote, but he doesn't get to sit at the big boy table. Some positions are dismissable, preemptively.
The "Jew-s-a" guy was a Dem plant to make Trump look bad. Anything else? And by your argument, I could say that Black Lives Matter hate white people and they don't get a vote either. Or Muslims hate Jews. Or the Irish hate the English. People hate for different reasons.
Would love to quote Aristotle here, "It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it."
This is a great quote and a good way to look at life in order to grow as an individual.
I think there's a difference between 'entertaining a thought' and "please beam his every comment into my feed because who knows I just might re-evaulate my stance on white supremacy one day"
That's reading too much into what he meant by interesting. > because who knows I just might re-evaulate my stance on white supremacy one day ....And that's just putting words into his mouth. And you know it. =/
I once was like you. I miss that optimism. I don't bother any more because they don't bother. I tried so hard but as a Kansan who has family in Alabama I see enough of the other side. Hell there was an actual KKK rally in my families home town with like 4% black. It's just not worth it to me.
Not your mouth, the people claim to follow white supremacist leaders because they say interesting things.
Sports teams spy on each other week to week. Countries spy on each other especially when at odds. It's useful to know what your up against if you find yourself in a debate. I assume this is the angle OP views as interesting.
Exactly. You can get a good summary of racist groups and pretty much understand their viewpoint. Twitter is more a place to get lots and lots of information about stuff you're specifically interested in.
> I wish their example tweets were better, but the individuals are either openly white nationalists (David Duke) or people who are implicitly so (Mike Cernovich who has positions so radical that Fox News has chosen not to associate themselves with him anymore). Cernovich's long-time girlfriend doesn't seem like the type White Nationalists are into: http://i.imgur.com/t2exgHw.jpg
"well I have a black friend so"
Would you date a Nazi?
Cernovich is a shithead, but probably not a nazi. Still faulty reasoning, you can still be prejudiced/bigoted and have a girlfriend who's not white. It's quite possible she shares some similar views. I mean, people generally tend to be hypocritical/contradictory anyways, especially people like Cernovich
As /u/Apotheosis276 pointed out in defense of Cernovich, it's not that he necessarily hates all people of other races, but that he espouses positions which indicate a desire for "an all white or mostly white nation." Now I disagree with Apotheosis276' premise that such a desire is not inherently racist, but I also think that all people have some degree of prejudice and that we fall somewhere in a spectrum of prejudice and action. The question is really where is he on the spectrum and are his views the product of being a flawed person (like everyone else) or of someone who genuinely believes that reducing other races and religions would improve society. If I wanted to be glib and cruel, I could point out that slave-owners had long-term relationships with women they thought were beneath them all the time.
Sorry, are you seriously implying that Cernovich is a racist who dates a non white woman, and somehow relating that to Slave owners ? Fuck me this is insane.
No it's not, unless you completely ignore his overall point. Also the comparison with slave owners was a succinct, if crude one. The fact that you think dating a non-white person absolves one of being a racist is amusing though.
I never said that absolves anyone, that's a cute assumption though. I am trying to understand if this person believes though that cern is a white supremacist which is what this article is about, and whether they are actually tying in to a day and age that isn't even comprehensible in today's world.
Would someone like John Derbyshire, Steve Sailer or Charles Murray be considered white nationalists?
I don't know any of those three well. From what I know of Steve Sailer, he would be. I don't know Murray well enough to comment on him. Derbyshire is a guy who is so conservative that it's difficult to separate out his social politics from his racial attitudes because he is willing to discuss demographics while he talks about economic issues. As I said elsewhere, I think we all have our prejudices. The matter is really whether or not a person allows them to make us say, "Blacks aren't as hard-working; Muslim's are prone to violence because of their religion." However, that's different than someone saying, "Many black citizens in America often grow up in high poverty and high crime neighborhoods, and the lack of economic mobility and exposure to violent conditions make them more prone to criminal activity." That statement is a long way from, "Black people are more violent." pre-flame response: I hate trying to discuss race because it is such a complex issue that online comments of a few hundred words make it almost impossible to discuss with the sensitivity and substance that it deserves.
Fair play. I would put the three in the racial realist bucket, which some people think is gussied up white supremecy but all of the above acknowledge non white groups outperforms whites in many things.
If you had read the article, you would have seen that they only looked at the 10 most notorious white nationalist/alt-right twitter accounts, like David Duke. They didn't just go after anyone who tweeted Pepe. These are the accounts of the leaders of the movement.
I could find a list of the ten. Just David Duke and a guy I've never heard of.
> leaders implying white supremacists have any power in government to make the kind of doomsday decisions people hark on about all the time Don't vote for white nationalists. Do you research and vote very carefully in your city or state. You only let white nationalists have any power in this country if you let them take office. By extension that basically means don't vote Trump, yes.
What about Trump's platform makes him a white nationalist?
unapologetic affiliation with white nationalist organizations in addition to accepting donations from said organizations. http://mediamatters.org/blog/2016/08/18/complete-history-donald-trumps-relationship-white-nationalist-movement/212502 http://mediamatters.org/blog/2016/09/14/trump-campaign-accepts-donations-white-nationalist-leaders/213080 Don't forget "Jew-S-A", too. If you don't admonish an opponent for their actions and behavior, you are complacent or supportive of both.
So if a member of the KKK gives a donation to the Clinton foundation, that makes Hillary a fascist? I was hoping you could have provided me with some statements that Trump made or policy positions he's taken, not "affiliations" he had or by referring to his one of his alleged "supporters." This is a [logical fallacy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Association_fallacy).
the KKK are not fascists. They're a fucking white supremacist terror group. Your assumption that I consider Hillary's affiliation with reprehensible group as justified while Trump's isn't, is completely incorrect. [Fact: Trump made verbal attacks on the parents of a Gold Star recipient.](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/khizr-khan-trump-muslim_us_579aaf63e4b08a8e8b5d7973) [Fact: Trump claimed a judge was biased because he was Mexican.](http://www.npr.org/2016/06/04/480714972/trump-presses-case-that-mexican-judge-curiel-is-biased-against-him) [Fact: Trump's company was sued TWICE for not renting fair rental conditions to African-American rental candidates as opposed to the ones that white rental candidates were given.](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/04/29/donald-trump-blacks-lawsuit_n_855553.html) [Fact: The New Jersey Casino Control Commission fined the Trump Plaza Hotel and Casino 200K because managers would remove AA card-dealers at the behest of a big-spending gambler.](http://www.upi.com/Archives/1992/10/19/Trump-Plaza-loses-appeal-of-discrimination-penalty/1911719467200/) [Fact: Trump was one of the loudest birthers and would not shut up about Obama's birth cert until it was finally presented and made Trump look like a complete fucking idiot.](http://www.upi.com/Archives/1992/10/19/Trump-Plaza-loses-appeal-of-discrimination-penalty/1911719467200/) [Opinion: He is pandering garbage manifested in a duality of pretending to be open-minded and tolerant one minute while posting pretentious media blogger crap about how much of a good person he is to minorities, and then the next he is screeching from the top of his high horse and lumping minorities in a monolithic all-inclusive label to try and channel his impotent rage. **Here** is a more in-depth citation.](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/jeb-bush-trump-cinco-de-mayo_us_573b2849e4b077d4d6f4086d) [Fact: Trump has trashed the reputation of a Casino by attacking its owners that were Native American, and went to the House subcommittee on Native American Affairs that 'they didn't look Indian, not even Indian to Indians'.](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/donald-trump-was-also-a-dirtbag-to-native-americans_us_55cb9290e4b0923c12bf0688) [Fact: Trump encouraged the mob justice that resulted in the wrongful imprisonment of the Central Park Five.](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/donald-trump-central-park-five_us_56c78713e4b041136f16fd4e) [Fact: Trump supporters assaulted a BLM protestor chanting at a rally.](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/trump-supporters-black-lives-matter_us_5650e463e4b0258edb31c94b) And wouldn't you know it, [Trump said it was justified.](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/trump-black-lives-matter-protester_us_5651ea96e4b0258edb31dd7e) BLM may be a terror group of its own, but there is no justification whatsoever to mob curbstomp someone not acting violent or actively hurting anyone. [Fact: Trump called the Boston Brothers who beat up a homeless Hispanic man "passionate" and refused to admonish them.](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/scott-steve-leader-donald-trump_us_55d61a0ce4b0ab468da040f3) [Remember the anti-HRC ad with the 'sheriff's star' in the foreground splashed over money? It was found on a white nationalist website a week before that image was tweeted.](https://mic.com/articles/147711/donald-trump-s-star-of-david-hillary-clinton-meme-was-created-by-white-supremacists#.gUChGGxkg) Knowing Trump's track record, he backpedaled into bullshit. [Check this out, too, the modified photo.](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CmX3w0YWcAAHUjC.jpg) Note the pixellation at the bottom. There is much more on HRC because she's been in politics longer. You asked for particulars on Trump, however, *not* HRC.
Fact 1: How does that make him a White Nationalist? Maybe an asshole, but that's irrelevant. Fact 2: That claim doesn't "prove" anything, certainly not that he is not a white nationalist. But if I were trying to claim Trump was racist, I would also point to this statement. Fact 3: Were the African American applicants denied because they were black, or because they were less worthy credit applicants? Fact 4: Doesn't prove he is a White Nationalist, but only suggest that he is more concerned about money than his ethics. I've also read similar stories of him doing the exact opposite, so I think this doesn't really matter. Fact 5: Promoting the birther movement does not make someone a White Nationalist. If that were the case, Hillary is also a White Nationalist. Granted this was a ridiculous cause to champion, but it does not make him a White Nationalist, unless you're going to try and use your guilt by association tactic again. Opinion 1: worthless Fact 7: Certainly not polite language to use and definitely not politically correct. Does this mean he believe that whites are superior to Native Americans though? Sorry it doesn't support your claim. Fact 8: Don't really know what to make of this other than it sounds like the people who were attacking the Duke Lacrosse team in 2006. If this makes Donald Trump a White Nationalist, then I guess Hillary Clinton would be too for comments she made in the 1990s about black Americans. Fact 9: This also doesn't support the claim of Trump being a White Nationalist, unless you think not supporting BLM makes you a White Nationalist. Also, "curbstomping" is a strong word to use here. Fact 10: Trump "implied" two brother who "allegedly" beat up a homeless man. Not really a fact. >Remember the anti-HRC ad with the 'sheriff's star' in the foreground splashed over money? It was found on a white nationalist website a week before that image was tweeted. Please refer back to the logical fallacy I mentioned earlier. The statements made by /pol/ are not statements or positions made by Trump, so you can't use them to support the claim that Trump is a White Nationalist. Look, I'm not asking you to support Trump. You just need to realize calling him a "White Nationalist" is not correct. While Trump has done a lot of ridiculous things, I've also read a lot of great things he's done as well, so unless you can point to actual positions or statements he's taken that suggest he is a white supremacist then you should really stop making that claim.
Cernovich is hardly a white supremecist. Hell, Im a Hillary supporter and I've got him in my list. He's there due to some court cases I followed. The study methodology is deeply flawed.
Cernovich? Haha, thanks for saving me the click on another worthless blog. And people wonder why trust in the media is at an all time low. Trust in /r/politics is even lower.
Right? I am favoring trump, but do enjoy coming outside of the Donald to see other opinions and thoughts, this kind of stuff makes it hard to keep exploring.
Every week or so I give it another try to see what has changed. Nothing ever does. /r/politics won't be fixed until the admins step in. They're killing their own sub because of it too. There's 3000 more active users right now on Donald Trump's sub than in /r/politics. And it's been that way for weeks. The "3,000,000 subscribers" to this sub are mostly long gone accounts from the days back when this sub was a default.
"A blog said something I find to be questionable. Therefore I don't even want to try to learn anything else. I'll just stay in my own little echo chamber and vote for a fascist!" It's like Trump supporters actually think *they're* the logical ones! ...Wait, do you seriously just spend the majority of your political engagement time in a hate speech subreddit? Jesus Christ that's disgusting, no wonder your approach to this election is so narrow.
>stay in my own little echo chamber and vote for a fascist >your approach to this election is so narrow I think you should really take an objective look at these statements that you are making.
wait how would cernovich be considered a white nationalist?
Cernovich is alt-right and MRA
And how does that = white nationalist?
Well obvs they've conflated white nationalist with alt-right. Is that appropriate, is a legitimate question that I'm not qualified to answer.
It's not.
It definitely is. The alt right literally bills itself as a racist movement.
Anything that can be done or said for the establishment candidate to win, will be.
If you look at the study, he's one of the people that they are using to determine followers of white nationalists.
BBC said 1/4 twitter accounts who tweet the most are bots, I hate Trump trust me but using twitter as a sample size is just wrong. I follow John Kasch on twitter and whenever he tweets the same 6-10 people will reply with troll like comments.
PBS said during the debates 1/5 of Hillary's followers were bots, and 1/3 of Trump's.
Pbs is pro Hillary they will say whatever they can to make Hillary look good
MSM!! MSM!! It's PBS FFS, grow up.
And this is somehow an example of that?
Saying a fifth of her followers are bots doesn't make her look good.
It makes her look less evil bad take it as you want I believe the excessive showing of Clinton Hillary and Bill documentaries on pbs lately with none saying anything bad is quite evident if their bias
I think you might be part of that 1/3 based on how well this comment was written.
Oh no da humans has found out
Its neither candidates fault that their supporters are writing scripts to automatically comment and retweet. Its not really like you can attack either candidate for bots you can only attack the supporters, which is truly unproductive.
Curious to know from someone who understands how bots like this are programmed if something like creating an auto bot would also be made to follow other controversial groups. Even If possible i assume all bots are not generated by a single person with the same fore thought so either 1. If bots don't get programmed like that then 1/2 of real trump twitter followers follow white nationalist groups (1/3 of real ppl = 2/3 followers = 1/2 white nationalist followers) 2. It's somewhere less than 1/3 real people and greater than 0/3 depending on number of people who thought to create such a bot. 3. I'm wrong and all bots were created by 1 person with this forethought and so every white nationalist following trump supporter is a bot. This seems least likely as it would mean no real person that follows trump follows a white nationalist group. I mean seriously, there's at least 1 right?
5 is bigger than 3! Crooked Hillary! Trump 2016 /s ^^^*The ^^^joke ^^^is ^^^that ^^^Trump ^^^supporters ^^^can't/don't/won't ^^^understand ^^^fractions.
Wow thanks I wouldn't have gotten that otherwise
If the posts are unique I wouldn't be surprised if they were real people. I've seen where they tracked down people that repeatedly post to Twitter and Facebook and found people that spend 12 hours a day shit posting online. One article had an elderly woman that cheered on the government's health care Facebook page. In another instance they found a small network of white supremacists that spent all day making random posts that said "Anti-Racist is a code word for Anti-White".
Then why were only 16 of 10,000 democrat supporters following them?
[This](http://www.demographicspro.com/insights/trump-supporters-follow-white-nationalists-on-twitter) is the original study. It is just two pages long. They barely outline any information about how they did it, and selected just 10,000 supporters out of *one week's* worth of Trump supporters. **They do not outline how they selected those 10,000.** I don't trust this at all.
They only picked 10k examples, it's clearly biased, too small a sample size. Do get bent.
*sigh...* >As I have repeatedly said to other people, they did not state how they pruned the very large group using all those hashtags into a sample of 10,000. >Don't act smug unless you are going to actually address the concern.
I guess two pages are still too long for some people to read. > Trump supporters were qualified as a sample of 10,000 US citizens, each following Trump on Twitter AND tweeting at least one pro-Trump hashtag (see Appendix A2) during a 7-day period prior to the third presidential debate. Clinton supporters were similarly qualified. A selection of 10 white nationalist Twitter accounts (see Appendix A1) were qualified as being affiliated with one or more Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) designated hate groups AND tweeting content indicating a white nationalist viewpoint.
As I have repeatedly said to other people, they did not state *how they pruned the very large group using all those hashtags* into a sample of 10,000. Don't act smug unless you are going to actually address the concern.
And others have replied, they used Twitter's API... what don't you get? Do you want me to write out a script that'll do the same thing for you? It's pretty fucking simple, dude...
>**just** 10,000 I love how the answer to 'how many subjects does this study need' is always 'way more than it has!' if you disagree with the results. 'Hell, this study I disagree with only sampled 7 million people, that's less than 1 in 1000! Obviously their data isn't representative.'
You misunderstand my criticism. One weeks' worth of trump tweets is well over 10,000 tweets. The method used to narrow down from the tweets *they have already selected* isn't outlined. By the way, sampling method is a standard component of any study with even an ounce of legitimacy. This is a bullshit study, which is probably why it produced such an apparently bullshit result.
More important is that they don't outline how they selected the White Nationalists, what makes someone a White Nationalist, and what percentage of the 10,000 follows each account. Is Mike Cernovich really a white nationalist? It's entirely possible that 90% of the "third of Trump supporters following white nationalists" are just following Mike Cernovich because he plays the part of Trump apologist.
To be honest, I think this is extremely likely. They may have literally sampled a bunch of people who retweeted a Cernovich tweet. That would probably give you a 30% follower rate.
I'm more curious how they define white nationalist. Is it literally anyone with a Pepe avatar?! I follow some Pepes on Twitter who are just pranksters.
Nahh, it's people who follow one of 10 accounts they selected that have posted at least one white nationalist tweet in the past. Just to give you some perspective, famous troll RamZPaul is on that list. So is Mike fucking Cernovich.
TWO PAGES? Thank god, I hate those indepth studies with facts and figures, and evaluations. I mean two pages? I can blow through that while on the toilet and still do something interesting with my night.
Haha but drumpf supporters amirite?
Who cares how they selected them. The fact that they found 10,000 of them proves there is a problem.
Well if they, for example, specifically selected 10,000 people who had retweeted *one of the white nationalist's tweets,* it would be a problem. That's why sampling method needs to be included.
Your attack on the study is laughable. Using your idiotic method they'd end up with close to 100%
You're actually a moron, aren't you?
Here you go: https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/followers/list Easy REST interface. Get the first 10,000. It's rate limited, so you won't want to go past 10,000 Do the same with the top ten white nationalists on twitter. Find the duplicates. This takes three functions. Maybe 50 lines of code. This is something one of my interns could program during the time they come back from lunch and before their afternoon smoke break Now that's how I'd do it. The way the researches did it was by scraping 10,000 unique users who used pro-Trump and pro-Hillary hashtags
There is no good reason to limit this population to 10k. Loop on the cursor checking for zero and sleep for 15 minutes at the end of each loop to avoid rate limit problems and you can get the whole list. It will take a little over 13 days but that could be split among several twitter accounts with proper cursor settings.
The problem is not whether or not they limited the population. The problem is that they *did not outline the method used.* That is standard information to include in any sampling study that you want to be taken seriously at all. It's junk science.
Posted this to the parent comment, but wanted to be sure you saw this as well: Wish I had seen this earlier. They listed how many followers each of those supremacists have, so I decided to do some math. Total followers of those 10: 366,500 according to the study Total followers of Trump: 12,798,264 according to https://www.socialbakers.com/statistics/twitter/profiles/detail/25073877-realdonaldtrump Now, for some assumptions: Let's assume every single follower of the 10 also follow Trump Let's assume every single person is unique, i.e. none of the people follow more than one supremacist That means that out of Trump's supporters, only 2.86% could POSSIBLY be following those 10 supremacists. Additionally, they claim that 3,549 of the 10,000 "random" (Note that they don't even say the word random ANYWHERE in the study, literally nowhere.) sample actively followed both. Let's take a look out of that number. Assumptions round 2: We will assume that all follower of the 10 are active. We will assume that 25% of Trump followers are active (I'm pulling this from my ass, but I'm guessing it's super low ball.) That means that 366,500 supremacist followers are active in a pool of 3,199,565 Trump followers. That means that 11.5% of Trump's followers would be expected to follow the 10. 11.5%. That's being INCREDIBLY generous to the study, as ever single assumption makes these numbers closer to the study than reality. Now, I know a lot of these assumptions are off, however remember, they are all in favor of the study. So, one last thing! let's conduct a hypothesis test to see what the true proportion could be! The study claims 35.5%, my ballpark estimates based on the total population say 11.5% (Remember, that's incredibly generous to the study!) Using a simple population proportion Z test, we havde the following variables: phat = .355 p0 = .115 n = 10,000 and so our z score is: 75.2299 HOLY SHIT. I have never seen a Z-score that high, ever. Anything above 3 is considered huge. This is off the charts. So, what are the odds this study was unbiased and did not in any way select their sample with a bias? Approximately 0% So yeah, I really do question the "methods" of this study.
Sorry, what? There's no evidence they used that method. If it's that easy, why don't *you* do it?
> If it's that easy, why don't you do it? This isn't that hard to do. It just requires someone calling the twitter api a few times. It requires boredom more than know-how
1280+ times to be more exact.
It's quite easy to do, I did something similar to collect tweets related to the NSA Prism program when the Snowden leaks first came out and scraped about 250,000 tweets over a few weeks period using Twitters basic REST API and keyword search with well over 10,000 unique users and a niche topic. I had almost a million by the time I was done. This research only came up with 10,000 Trump supporters on Twitter to sample? Seems pretty sloppy, and hard to verify since they don't share their methods.
Yep. I call shenanigans.
Sorry, that's just how I'd do it. The way the researches did it was by scraping 10,000 unique users who used pro-Trump and pro-Hillary hashtags. They used 10 accounts identified as white nationalists by the Southern Poverty Law Center. Since they had to use twitter's API to do this, they either scraped the white nationalist's users followers, or scraped the people the 10,000 users were following. I assume the former Here you go, here's their full methodology http://www.demographicspro.com/insights/trump-supporters-follow-white-nationalists-on-twitter
>splc Found a flaw, there.
It's not even true, either. The SPLC doesn't maintain a list of white nationalist figures, they only maintain a list of organisations.
> They used 10 accounts identified as white nationalists by the Southern Poverty Law Center. The same group that thinks Maajid Nawaz is anti-Muslim? Not very credible.
That's literally the link I posted in my original post. They don't outline how they narrowed from a week's worth of users (probably numbering in the hundreds of thousands) to 10,000 individuals at all. *You* are inferring a method of doing it. 1/3 is a wildly large number. I'm not about to give them the benefit of the doubt.
> 1/3 is a wildly large number. why?
40% of the country supports Trump. I really doubt 13% of Americans follow one of 10 white nationalists.
> I really doubt 13% of Americans follow one of 10 white nationalists. why?
How 'bout this: [Nearly 20% of Trump Fans Think Freeing the Slaves Was a Bad Idea](http://time.com/4236640/donald-trump-racist-supporters/) Of course it's Time (you know, not alt-right rag) so it's more pesky liberally biased FACTS.
Wow, what a reliable survey. I really believe that. Yep, totally believable. Definitely not clickbait bullshit designed to bait people like you into angrily sharing it to gather cheap ad revenue. Nope. That's a study I will integrate into my worldview because it's 1000000% real.
You can't assume that just because 20% of Trump supporters think that freeing the slaves was a bad idea that they're ALL racist! That's racist!
Time.com, that's far from click bait.
Sounds like you are in denial over how many racists we have in this country.
Yes yes, everyone secretly wants apartheid. That's definitely the *most* reasonable assessment of the American population.
Here, read this, then tell me 13% of Americans are racist is unbelievable. http://www.dailydot.com/via/dumb-things-30-percent-america-believes/
I find it funny that your statement is > everyone secretly wants apartheid when you said > I really doubt 13% of Americans follow 1 out of 10 white nationalists You realise that around 42% of your population believes in creationism or a strain of it right? [See gallup poll here](http://www.gallup.com/poll/170822/believe-creationist-view-human-origins.aspx). I'd be surprised if only 13% of you were white nationalists.
Conveniently, that's not a valid conclusion you could draw from this study's results, so there's no conflict with believing them.
Wish I had seen this earlier. They listed how many followers each of those supremacists have, so I decided to do some math. Total followers of those 10: 366,500 according to the study Total followers of Trump: 12,798,264 according to https://www.socialbakers.com/statistics/twitter/profiles/detail/25073877-realdonaldtrump Now, for some assumptions: Let's assume every single follower of the 10 also follow Trump Let's assume every single person is unique, i.e. none of the people follow more than one supremacist That means that out of Trump's supporters, only 2.86% could POSSIBLY be following those 10 supremacists. So yeah, I really do question the "methods" of this study.
This is a new fucking low for r/politics. Jesus.
Case in fucking point. I can't stand the willingness of people on this subreddit to accept pure, unadulterated bullshit.
I went a little further for funsies: Additionally, they claim that 3,549 of the 10,000 "random" (Note that they don't even say the word random ANYWHERE in the study, literally nowhere.) sample actively followed both. Let's take a look out of that number. Assumptions round 2: We will assume that all follower of the 10 are active. We will assume that 25% of Trump followers are active (I'm pulling this from my ass, but I'm guessing it's super low ball.) That means that 366,500 supremacist followers are active in a pool of 3,199,565 Trump followers. That means that 11.5% of Trump's followers would be expected to follow the 10. 11.5%. That's being INCREDIBLY generous to the study, as ever single assumption makes these numbers closer to the study than reality. Now, I know a lot of these assumptions are off, however remember, they are all in favor of the study. So, one last thing! let's conduct a hypothesis test to see what the true proportion could be! The study claims 35.5%, my ballpark estimates based on the total population say 11.5% (Remember, that's incredibly generous to the study!) Using a simple population proportion Z test, we have the following variables: phat = .355 p0 = .115 n = 10,000 and so our z score is: 75.2299 HOLY SHIT. I have never seen a Z-score that high, ever. Anything above 3 is considered huge. This is off the charts. So, what are the odds this study was unbiased and did not in any way select their sample with a bias? Approximately 0% So yeah, I really do question the "methods" of this study.
They also classify Mike Cernovich as a white nationalist, which he isn't. He also has far more followers than any of the other so-called white nationalists. Safe to say this "study" is untrustworthy.
He is, you're wrong. He may not fit the stereotype, he's more clever about it, but it's there under the surface. Tons of other posts here about this guy that show he is.
he is in an interracial relationship, he is not a WN. critique his words and his works all you want, but that part is simply not true by default
Lol Cernovich a "white nationalist"? Only in liberal la-la-land..
I don't know about the white supremacist part, but he did say that date rape doesn't exist, which is pretty fucking stupid.
So your response to a comment calling out unsourced bulshit is to.....drumroll please....state unsourced bullshit of your own. The jokes write themselves
I figured since y'all know so much about the guy you'd be familiar with his (Twitter history)[https://twitter.com/cernovich/status/763499395664912384].
To study who people follow on twitter seems kind of pointless anyways to be honest.
Why? Essentially zero percent of Democrat supporters followed white nationalists. The disparity isnt imaginary.
Because it's not credible. It doesn't prove any validity of the methodology of its research design.
Keep attacking the study with zero specifics or facts, it's rigged just like the polls and the election!
7% of Americans even use Twitter at all. Assuming that percentage even holds within Trump supporters you're looking at 2% of Trump supporters following white nationalists; not quite the same, and doesn't account for following someone but not agreeing with their views. I follow both Trump and Clinton, it's not like they each get half my vote.
Thats not how statistics works, bud. 33% of Trump supporters who use twitter follow white nationalists. 0.01% of Clinton supporters who use twitter follow white nationalists. Thats a poll of 20,000 people, a yuge poll by any metric, with a diffinitive result. It is highly highly highly highly snowballs chance in hell unlikely that if we doubled the poll sample to 20,000 of each that the percentages would somehow approach parity.
Yes, "bud", that's how basic math works actually. 100% Trump supporters in the set of people that support Trump, online and offline. Of that 100%, about 7% use Twitter. Of that 7%, 33% follow white nationalists. That's 100% x 7% x 33% which is 2% of all Trump supporters. We can't say anything about those who aren't active on Twitter because 0% of them were sampled. Maybe its 100%, maybe it's 0%, you haven't sampled them. For Clinton supporters on Twitter its basically zero, so yeah, obvious difference in ideologies here, but its not like 33% of all trump supporters. You can't extrapolate from just twitter followers, its sloppy. Are people who use Twitter more likely to follow white nationalists? We don't know, this hasn't been controlled for. Are people who support Trump AND use twitter more likely to follow white nationalists relative to those that support and don't? We don't know, hasn't been controlled for. Does following white nationalists mean you support their views? We don't know. All we can say from this is that of those who support clinton and trump and are active on twitter, significantly more of those who support trump follow white nationalists. Concerning? Yes, but hard to draw any real conclusions from this "study" about the population more generally. It's like sampling Fox News viewers and extrapolating that to everyone. And this "research" doesn't show any of their methods. I set up a basic PHP script to use twitters basic REST API with keyword search to collect data on the Snowden leaks and got half a million tweets over a couple months on a niche topic, so I'm not sure why they set their qualified sample so low and it's hard to say anything about their methods without them sharing some of the details.
The study **did** sample non-twitter users. 0% of the non-twitter users who support donald trump followed white nationalists on twitter. 0%. If a non twitter user who suppoorts donald trump became a twitter user, they have a 33% chance of eventually following a white nationalist. Hope that helps, bud
Drawing conclusions based on who someone follows is fraught. Follows don't necessarily indicate agreement or endorsing someones ideas. I follow Trump and a host of conservative thinkers to get different perspectives and sometimes for laughs, despite disagreeing with most of their tweets.
Do u also follow white nationalists for thought porn?
and yet 3,000 people from the right compared to 16 people from the left? Do people on the right follow people they disagree with 150x more frequently than people on the left do?
I agree, but people are going to quote it anyway. It's a *terrible* study.
> Over a Third of Trump Supporters **on Twitter** Follow White Nationalists on Twitter, Research Finds Honestly, I don't even like Trump or many of his supporters, but this constant demonization of Trump supporters, even if it may feel right in some cases, is just perpetuating divisiveness in this country. Both sides need to stop with the blind cheerleading and the pointing fingers and realize that we're all in this together, else nothing in this country will ever get fixed.
Yeah, given that about 7% of Americans use Twitter, that would mean if 7% of Trump supporters use Twitter that 2% total of Trump Supporters follow white nationalists, which is all you can say from this data without sampling non-twitter users. Not quite the same catchy headline. It's also quite a leap to suggest that following a white nationalist on Twitter makes you a white nationalist. I follow both Trump and Clinton on Twitter but it's not like they're each getting half my vote.
When they stop doing terrible things, we'll stop calling them terrible.
Just look at all these Trump supporters doing terrible things.... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X2qpQjoBKY8
Terrible, like the people who were bullying [this woman](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxKV0wL71DI) on Hollywood Blvd for supporting Trump? There's a reason they are called #Hillbullies. It's because there are dozens of videos of the tolerant left attacking those who they don't agree with. **edit:** Downvoted by CTR shills, cute. Hard to accept the reality of the situation?
They're also downvoting me for linking to a compilation of liberals attacking peaceful Trump Supporters.
At this point, they're frothing at the mouth. They've already dehumanized their 'enemy'. They don't have to use logic or even morals to combat them. It's a tribal mentality that is expected amongst an ignorant mob of virtue signaling pseudo-intellectuals *and 12 year olds who have infested /r/edacted*.
Like that group of people who whipped that woman's ass for supporting trump? No ones hands are clean. Cept mine, cuz I refuse to vote for either of those goons. Hehe.
I've heard neo-nazis make your exact argument against black people. Turns out almost nobody cares about blaming the entire group for the actions of a few, until it's a group they align themselves with in some way.
Bullshit. Calling out racists and deplorables for their shitty horrible beliefs and actions is never ever a bad thing.
Its because of people like you that Trump has gotten this far. Stop trying to protect the trash in this country from the truth. No one tells these idiots just how fucking stupid they are for voting Trump, when they should really be ashamed. These Republicans used to be embarrassed of their racism, sexism, and homophobia, but since no one condemns it anymore, they say it loud and proud.
I love the way you pretty much divorced the lambasting of Trump supporters from the positions they espouse.
Because Trump supporters espouse a variety of positions, and White Nationalism isn't a position "they" all cling to. I think the biggest failure of this election belongs to the majority of voting Americans. Somehow we've all forgotten that we're all people, and that we all existed BEFORE we were "Trump supporters" or "Hillary supporters" or "Bernie supporters," but somehow, at this moment, those labels are the end-all-be-all to who YOU are to ME. And that's kind of weird and scary, and I don't like that. And I'm reluctant to fall behind anyone that uses language or socio-political tactics that entrench us in that divisiveness.
Its bigotry plain and simple.
I'm sorry to perpetuate it, but BEFORE was before, im not going to forget the fervent Clinton AND Trump supporters. These people were taken for fools and they've dragged the rest of us down with them. We had an opportunity to stand together, and a shit ton of us stood while they normalized race baiting and corruption. That's what is. This *was* an important election, it was lost when we no longer had candidates with the people in mind.
No worries, it will probably disappear in like half of year after the losing side doom-sayers get tired or complaining. Then 3 1/2 years later we will start evaluating friendships and relationships based on political stance once again.
So because each and every last one of them doesn't cling to white nationalism, we can disregard the large amount that do and how it affects the policies they support. Okay.
Learn to read and go back to looking at pictures that satisfy your foot fetish.
Hey, I want to do that as much as you, but it's fall which means boots, and I fucking HATE boots.
> So because each and every last one of them doesn't cling to white nationalism, we can disregard the large amount that do and how it affects the policies they support. Okay. So because each and ever last muslim doesn't cling to sharia law, we can disregard the large amount that do and how it affects the policies they support. Okay.
But it's not an "Every muslim" problem, it's a *group whose ideology is predicated on white supremacy* that we are observing.
Holy backpeddling.
> group whose ideology is predicated on white supremacy Islam is predicated on stoning women to death and killing apostates. Also a "group". Not sure what you're trying to imply here? Are you saying that trump's platform is "predicated on white supremacy"?
You're generalizing tens of millions of people, is what I'm saying.
In other words, we can't ever discuss how white nationalism has been a recurring theme in American society because it's *generalizing millions of people*.
I mean, I'm apparently not allowed to discuss black crime. In actually fine with taking about both, but I'm continually told that I need to stay in my lane or something along those lines. I'm finding myself constantly censored by those deciding they're gatekeepers on what social issues are allowed to be discussed by who, which everyone is starting to get fed up with.
We can totally talk about white nationalism, by talking about white nationalists. You don't have to put my words into other words; people need to stop generalizing their opposing political candidates' supporters because you can't put one label on a hundred million people and say "they are racist, fascist, bigots." It's destroying our society.
I think the people [threatening to lynch minorities](https://twitter.com/Mbhokie97/status/792528439282589696) are destroying our society, but sure.
The way I see it, we're all Americans, let's make it great again
Could you please name the last time America was great and when it stopped being great
That's like asking you to explain why "America is great because it's good"
>We can totally talk about white nationalism, by talking about white nationalists. Okay, what candidate do they openly support? Does this candidate reject their support?
Leave it, his head is so far up his ass he can't even see straight.
You are arguing with absolute idiots. You're point is correct and needed to be said, however you are saying it to a group of imbeciles.
You are doing exactly what they are doing. Kill nonviolent people with kindness and rational, kill violent people with violence. Anybody will listen if you try and set a good example.
I think it is increasingly clear that no single person with an opinion in this election will listen to the opposition, good example or not. In fact, it is obvious that the opposition will be met with wild accusations and insults over any single opinion he or she may have.
They're not stupid, they're just blinded by tribalism.
"But it's okay when *I* do it"
No shit. Thats precisely what statistical research is designed for.
Demonization implies what is being said is false.
No it doesn't. You don't even know what the word means. Also you're doing it right now. Demonizing means to make someone out to be lesser than equal. So if you ever want someone to change their mind, never call them names or insult them. Okay?
Trump says some Mexican migrants are rapists and some muslims from the middle east are terror-prone > media and Clinton supporters scream 24/7 at the top of their lungs that Trump is demonizing and antagonizing people. So is Trump demonizing people or not?
A third of Trump supporters don't actually follow White Nationalists on Twitter. That's literally a false statement.
No. Only the ones that have Twitter
Only if you're stupid enough to think people without twitter accounts could follow white supremacists on Twitter. Obviously that's impossible, so obviously this article is about trump supporters *on twitter*
No. If only half of Trump's supporters were on twitter and 2/3rds of them followed white nationalists it would be correct to say *"a third of trump supporters follow white nationalists on twitter."* That is not the case. The headline is clickbait.
If 100% of his supporters used twitter, it is unlikely the number would change. Its possible it would, but the very nature of statistical probability is that it can make such predictions. This is why you can poll 10,000 people and predict who will win an election with relatively high accuracy, provided the sample is normal. Im not aware of anything inherent to twitter users that makes a random selection of 10,000 of them a biased sample of people.
Absolutely nothing could make them biased? l.o.l Let's apply that to Reddit and try to apply that to the populace. Apparently 90% of the world is now male democrats. Isn't that amazing?
Instead of pivoting to a strawman, why not respond to the point? l.o.l Youre claiming the bias is large enough to overcome a 200:1 ratio. Thats an absurdly high burden to meet. What about the twitter population makes the average trump supporter 200x more likely to follow white nationalists than not?
If we want to talk strawman, the original argument has nothing to do with all Trump supporters as much as how Twitter users don't represent all of America or the world. I don't know everything there is to know about Twitter. I know one thing though, twitter users follow many people without knowing much about them to get follows back. It's the whole X number of followers make me feel important thing like having X friends on Facebook. Follow, get followed. Also, how do you factually mark all the twitter users they follow as actual white nationalists? Then there's bots and multiple accounts that can be made. Then there's general age groups and people who use Twitter compared to the average American. Even if someone is a white nationalist and can be proven, how do we know that people follow them for that reason. The "white nationalist" could have drawn a pretty picture and gotten follows for all we know. The list goes onnnnnnnn.... Like fuckin seriously, you are taking an article about who twitter users follow as "evidence" to call trump supporters in real life white nationalists or supporters of it. Whatever it may be, this is stupid. But we are in /r/politics, I don't even know what to expect in this awful place that is the left twin of /r/the_donald. Both are cancerous and you guys really need to take a step back instead of trying to shame people until they follow your narrative.
Oh jesus christ dude. You didnt even read the article.
Not to mention the fact that there's no real definition of what a White Nationalist is and whether the accounts being followed really do belong to White Nationalists. While there are clear-cut racists on the list like David Duke, there are also others like Mike Cernovich who really don't fit the mold of being "white supremacists" like the article would have you believe.
Cernovich?! The fruit-juicing/self help/pickup artist with [a very not white girlfriend](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CPXpMgBWEAAMTwf.jpg) is a white nationalist? Come on. The world really has gone crazy this election cycle.
He is, not by being outwardly pro white, but anti non Americans
"Pro-American" by the latest census means: * 17.6% pro-hispanic * 13.3% pro-black * 5.6% pro-asian That's not racism by any stretch of the imagination.
Being nationalistic isn't synonymous with being a white supremacist.
Trump is actively and openly pursuing a neo-fascist agenda. He doesn't call it neo-fascism, and neither do his followers, but that's what it is. * He's actively undermining democracy by saying that he may not accept the results of the election * He's demonizing and scapegoating ethnic and religious minorities * He's advocating restrictions on free speech * He's advocating torture and an expansion of the police state * He encourages his followers to commit violent acts against his political opponents * He calls for his political opponents to be jailed * He opposes birthright citizenship * He invokes a nostalgic ideal of past national greatness, and attributes the loss of this greatness to an internal rot that must be expunged The fact that most Republicans will vote for Trump demonstrates just how endemic fascist ideology is within the Republican party.
> He's actively undermining democracy by saying that he may not accept the results of the election Because he thinks it's rigged, how is this neo-fascism? If he is right, then he is right to not accept it. If he is wrong, he is just a sore loser. > He's demonizing and scapegoating ethnic and religious minorities He's acknowledging statistics and weighing the cost and risks of uninhibited immigration against the benefits. Again, not neo-fascism. > He's advocating restrictions on free speech As slander and libel laws stand, it's completely unenforceable. They require malicious intent to be proven, which is nearly impossible intent because requires reading minds. > He's advocating torture and an expansion of the police state Torture is bad but it is sometimes better than the alternative, depending on the situation. Expansion of the police state, you mean stationing more police in crime-ridden areas. > He encourages his followers to commit violent acts against his political opponents The media spins what he says into that, sure. Meanwhile, there's video of super PAC officials bragging about how they pay people to provoke violence with Trump supporters at rallies. "2nd amendment people" quote? Media-spun into making people think he was calling for an uprising. 69-year-old woman with oxygen mask assaulted? Charges were backed down and the O'Keefe video said she was a "birddog" (though this part of the video may have been edited deceptively). > He calls for his political opponents to be jailed Because he believes the political opponents that he's calling to be jailed have *broken the law.* > He opposes birthright citizenship So? Birthright citizenship makes it a rational decision for poor immigrants to come to the U.S. just to have their child there so they can claim welfare benefits. > He invokes a nostalgic ideal of past national greatness, and attributes the loss of this greatness to an internal rot that must be expunged That rot being the corruption in the government.
Many of us Republicans don't like Trump, we just *really* don't like Clinton. I'm not in a swing state so I might even just go ahead and vote for McMullin since it won't make a difference either way.
Hate to be that guy, but can you post some solid references on each of your claims?
1. He said this during the 3rd debate. 2. "All Muslims should be banned from entering the US" 3. He literally said this the other day. I can try and find the article, but it was on the front page of r/politics 4. 2nd debate: Stop and Frisk is totally cool and was "never declared unconstitutional". Hint, it was. 5. Pretty much every Trump rally. He has specifically said that he will pay for people's legal bills if they get in trouble for being violent with protestors at the rally. 6. 2nd debate when he said that he would throw Clinton in jail if he won. 7. Literally has stated this multiple times when talking about his immigration policies. 8. His statements about the election being rigged and is advocating his supporters to think that everything is being conspired against him if he happens to lose. Which is incredibly dangerous language, and could shake the foundation of our tradition of peaceful transitions of power. Have you been paying attention at all?
No, I mean actual hard evidence and sources. Not a reddit comment. EDIT: Furthermore, go on youtube. https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=anti+trump+violence You'll find a lot more anti-trump violence than anything started by trump supporters. Why is that? (I'm a registered democrat for what it's worth, I just find the hypocrisy sickening.)
More videos on youtube is hardly evidence either. Right-wing extremists have a habit of flooding the Internet with their hate. Check out /r/all or /pol/ or twitter or facebook. Hillary is ahead in the polls and yet the front page is filled with alt-right spam. I'm a registered republican for what it's worth.
I just want some actual, hard evidence. Is that really too much to ask these days?
I gave you hard evidence including pointing to specific debates where he said the comments. If you don't think specific examples are hard enough evidence, what is your definition of hard evidence? And, I don't understand the hypocrisy in this situation. One candidate is advocating for his supporters to be violent, and another one isn't. Some of the protestors may have become violent, and that is awful. But can we all agree that there is a big difference in the encouragement to perform said actions?
You just pointing out things out of context isn't evidence.
Call me crazy here, but I don't see any actual verifiable links/sources in your comments? I'm curious also, can you provide any evidence of trump supporters being incited to be violent, much less them actually being violent? Do you really think actual violence is not worse if it's not incited?
There have been tons of stories about violence on both sides, and everything lochjness said is verifiable with video. Mostly the list is made up of things Trump has directly said.
And I'm totally cool with that, but can I get some actual citations/links? Still curious about the trump violence claim when there are hours of video to prove otherwise.
Ok, let's do this shin-dig. Apparently, you have been absent from the media for the past year, so I'll put in the leg work to make you up to date. 1. Won't accept the election results. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cP0G4vJ5OMw 2. Statement about Muslims: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-sz0KY-3PbQ 3. Statement about restricting free speech. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5rp1psm1SU 4. Trump on Torture: http://www.factcheck.org/2016/07/trump-torture/ 5. Trump on advocating for Stop and Frisk: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2CbQEZ892bE. Start at 4:00. Oh by the way, Stop and Frisk was ruled unconstitutional. 6. Jailing Hillary: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hbh2qXBMjuY 7. About overturning birthright citizenship with Bill O'Reilly: http://video.foxnews.com/v/4608339663001/?playlist_id=930909812001#sp=show-clips. Starting at 6:55. 8. About the election being rigged: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OsKxjQ67GKU Is that enough hard evidence for you?
he doesn't want to "jail his political opponents", he wants to jail a federal criminal who happens to be a political opponent. he's never said anything about wanting to imprison any of his other opponents who have not committed crimes
She is not a federal criminal. She has never been convicted. She has never been arrested. So his proposition would be to change the law, change the FBIs current decision, and put his opponent in jail.
Yes. There's evidence, but I'm not sure it helps your cause. He's saying some honest things. EDIT: Also yes, Hillary should be in jail.
You can go back to r/the_donald now.
Ask for a unicorn while you're at it.
> Trump is actively and openly pursuing a neo-fascist agenda. > > He opposes birthright citizenship > How is that a neo-fascist agenda? Mexico doesn't have it. The UK doesn't have it. Japan doesn't have it. France doesn't have it. In fact the only developed nations that have it are the US and Canada. Please remove this from your list or give a justification.
> He's actively undermining democracy by saying that he may not accept the results of the election I gotta say I still don't understand this line of thinking. Person who holds no office in the government loses election and "doesn't accept" results ... who the hell cares? When he loses he becomes nothing but a reality TV star again, the more attention we give this "not accepting" the more it actually empowers him to influence other people. Let him throw a tantrum in the corner.
Seriously. Did the people from The Amazing Race complain when he said he should have won the Emmy instead of them? Nope. They didn't do anything and just accepted their award. Then the next year they won again without controversy.
Trump throwing a tantrum isn't a problem. 20-30% of the nation throwing a tantrum is a big problem. At best, we're looking at 4 more years of the Republican party treating our nation's president as an illegitimate usurper, further eroding our democratic institutions. At worst, we may see a significant increase in right wing domestic terrorism.
It doesn't matter in terms of who is elevated to office, but it undermines democracy as a whole when candidates don't accept the results of elections. When this happens, the perception that democracy doesn't work spreads among the candidate's supporters. I think that American institutions like the free press, independent judiciary, and the system of checks and balances are still strong enough to withstand Trump's antics. I think they're still strong enough to survive a Trump presidency, if it were to come to that. But these institutions have been severely undermined during the past 25-35 years, especially since the presidency of George W. Bush. The result is that we've seen events that would have been unthinkable not too long ago, like mass firings for political reasons of US Attorneys by the president who had initially appointed them, an attempted suspension of habeas corpus for US citizens, and an attempt to strip Americans of their citizenship, including native born Americans. We also had torture as official policy, warrantless wiretaps, attacks on the press, and jailings of journalists for refusing to reveal sources of leaks. Since then, we've had a long campaign to undermine the legitimacy of an elected president and a refusal to consider a nominee to the Supreme Court. So while our democratic institutions are still strong, they've been eroded by a steady stream of attacks from losers who are dissatisfied with the results of our elections, and from winners who feel constrained by the limitations placed on their power by the Constitution. At this point, we need leaders who put the Constitution and the nation's interest before their own wants and hurt feelings. But Trump has decided to go the other route.
fuckin normies, always dramatic little fucks
what about when al gore didn't accept election results? how it that any different?
The margin of victory in Florida triggered an automatic recount. Both candidates said they'd concede depending on the courts decision. Gore didn't try and invalidate the election months before voting day. And he ultimately decided to not contest SCOTUS decision and concede to Bush, when in hindsight he would have probably won. In case you were actually wondering.
I feel like you started strong but really went off the deep end here ... a lot of the things you brought up were/are real issues but have nothing to do with a candidate "not accepting" the election results. I think you're making a pretty big leap to go from Trump doesn't accept -> all his followers agree -> followers now believe that democracy doesn't work. Especially in a year when we've already literally seen evidence of systemic rigging in the primaries. I hate Trump as a candidate and am not voting for him, but for all the things to assail him for, I think this is the most inconsequential.
I think the fear lies moreso with his followers than with Trump himself. If Trump loses the election, the majority of Americans will go back to seeing him as an obnoxious celebrity. But as we've seen, a large portion of his supporters are prone to violence when they're displeased with the opposition. If Trump denies the results of the election, and claims that it was "rigged against him" by "Crooked Hillary," what do you think the more zealous supporters are gonna do? Pack up and go home? Or revolt because their leader was cheated out of his so-called rightful place? And who's gonna be targeted? Probably those same people that Trump has been demonizing over his entire campaign. No sensible person wants that, which is why people are so worried.
>He's actively undermining democracy by saying that he may not accept the results of the election I remember a number of documentaries and videos in 2000 and 2004 about stolen elections, Halliburton owned voting machines, voter registration purges, and of course the Supreme Court. >He's demonizing and scapegoating ethnic and religious minorities Super predators, welfare to work, and a boarder wall were all Clinton ideas >He's advocating restrictions on free speech Clinton has supported bans on video games and the "fairness doctrine" >He's advocating torture and an expansion of the police state Hilary was in the room when the US invaded a country to murder a man without an attempt to capture and bring before a court. Not to mention drones dropping death from above around the world. Even her top aides wondered if they could use a drone to kill the founder of Wikileaks >He encourages his followers to commit violent acts against his political opponents if some sketchy videos are to be believed the Clinton campaigned may have turned a blind eye to affiliates paying people to agitate rival events >He calls for his political opponents to be jailed Many democrats wanted, and still want, Bush and Cheney and the many others from that administration to be tried for war crimes. >He opposes birthright citizenship something only found in the Americas >He invokes a nostalgic ideal of past national greatness, and attributes the loss of this greatness to an internal rot that must be expunged Literally every political campaign runs on the idea that things could be better and wax poetically either about the country's past or their own candidate' past. >The fact that most Republicans will vote for Trump demonstrates just how endemic fascist ideology is within the Republican Party. This stupid rhetoric is pointless and can be thrown both way. Stop pretending you're some much better than people you disagree with. Here's a scary thing you might end up with: what if your opponent's reaction to being called a fascist is "so what?" Do you have a backup argument? Are you able to engage on ideas? Or better yet, can you compromise? Can you work together to find similarities and work towards a common goal? Probably not. Partisan hacks have no use in the real world, we don't need cheerleaders for your chosen team, we need people willing to work towards a better future, together.
Invading Pakistan to capture Ben Laden (and killing him when he drew a gun) is not torture. Drone killing are not torture. Also if you really think that her top aides seriously wonder if they could bomb an EMBASSY just to kill Assange, you're out of your goddamn mind and no one can bring you back to reason.
Yeah those were stretches, my point was you can direct this useless rhetoric at anyone.
Well I disagree. Trump is not Hitler sure. But he has a more fascistic vibe than anyone else in this election. And maybe since a long time in America.
> Halliburton owned voting machines You mean Diebold. > something only found in the Americas Something only found in the US and Canada and a few non-developed nations. While I agree with birthright citizenship the only reason we have it in the first place was so the question on whether former slaves were or were not citizens was resolved without ambiguity.
So, I'm confused, are you suggesting that Twitter-users are more likely to be white nationalists than normal?
No, no. There are about four or five Trump supporters who can figure out how to use Twitter. They're skewing the polls.
Twitter trump supporters probably skew /pol/
> this constant demonization of Trump supporters, even if it may feel right in some cases, is just perpetuating divisiveness in this country Exactly. It just makes it worse. Trump supporters feel like they can never "switch sides" because they're constantly being demonized by the other side.
Seriously? Try being a Hillary supporter on reddit.
What? Have you been on /r/politics in the past few weeks? It's *all* Hillary. The Bernie-mania is over, and the Trump supporters are pretty much confined to a few subs.
That is true for /r/politics but that's also a left wing sub and doesn't reflect all of Reddit. There is absolutely no doubt Reddit is more right wing than left wing, after all the biggest demographic here is white males. Go to the top 20 subs, ask about BLM or feminism or supporting Hillary, and I would be willing to bet 3/4ths of answers will be more right wing than left wing.
If by left wing you mean not full of bullshit, then yes, I agree. Also, who the fuck cares about the other subs, they're not for politics.
Reddit also skews young. Young = liberal.
Not really actually, the average redditor is in their 30s I believe. Not to mention politically involved redditors tend to be older
Mean age is 23, median age is 22. And 30's is still super young as far as voting blocs go. Millenials are in their 30's now. Generation X is just barely more conservative than Millenials anyway: http://www.people-press.org/2015/04/30/a-different-look-at-generations-and-partisanship/
The median age might be that, but the average age is much higher. I would say a solid 30% of Reddit is in their 20s, but there's a large amount in their 30s 40s 50s as well. Maybe not as much as in their early 20s, but enough to bring the average up dramatically.
These are the best numbers I can find, and it says median 23. https://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/1agz1o/ever_wonder_about_the_ages_of_redditors_some_data/
As far as I can tell, the consensus seems to be that they both suck, and Trump sucks more
You're crazy if you think reddit is right-wing. Outside of /r/the_donald, all of the mainstream subs on reddit have always been pretty liberal on most issues.
Or even agree with you on singular points. If they think you have a 2 digit IQ, they will refuse to consider that your positions may have any merit whatsoever. If you call a someone a degenerate for posting a cartoon frog, they're most likely going to find it hard to agree with you.
So Clinton was wrong when she said half of his supporters belong in a basket of deplorables. She should have said one third of them do.
A third are bots.
So even *less* than a third of them are deplorables?
On Twitter.
These are some of the most prominent White supremacists on the planet and the only one surpassing 100k followers is Mike Cernovich. Yet this somehow represents a third of trump supporters on Twitter? Even that seems to be a bit of a stretch imo. Cernovich has at max a 1% hold on Trump's 12 million twitter followers and thats assuming every single one of Cernovich's followers are ardent white supremacists and trump supporters (now that part is beleivable). Many of these followers must cross over. even if you added the following of all of these white supremacists into one total amount it wouldnt equal close to 'over a third' of trump supporters.
Why does this matter? I follow a LGTBQ page and I'm straight...
Well one means you advocate for equal rights for LGTBQ people and the other indicates you in some way support white nationalists.
I don't particularly advocate for LGTBQ equality though. I get enjoyment from reading their posts. A twitter follow isn't showing support, it's showing that you enjoy their posts.
Then there is something else you should concern yourself with then wondering about Twitter. And that is your stance on LGBTQ
You're just wrong bro. Lol
If I were to post sadfrog.jpg on twitter, would this "research" consider me a "white nationalist"?
They literally only count the top 10 white nationalist twitter pages, David duke, etc. They're not counting following some random hillbilly tweeting pepe
[Mike Cernovich](https://twitter.com/cernovich) is one of the supposed white nationalists. He's a Jewish Trump supporter with a very large Twitter following; I wouldn't be surprised if many of you know who he is. Very obviously not a "white nationalist" though I think he may consider himself "alt-right". His account has far more followers than any of the others on the list. I would be interested to know how many of the accounts only follow him out of all the people on their list, since following just one of the selected accounts qualifies someone as "following white nationalists". EDIT: I went through his twitter feed, he's aware of this "study" and is not happy: https://twitter.com/Cernovich/status/792440435612327937 >SPLC is a joke. I've said I'm not a white nationalist and the WNs are clear the feeling is mutual. Yet another hoax. https://twitter.com/Cernovich/status/792491572524748802 >Writing an article about how I'm not a white nationalist, as claimed by hoaxers at The Atlantic and Esquire. How's your Saturday been? Here's his article denouncing the study: http://www.dangerandplay.com/2016/10/29/media-hoax-alert-the-atlantic-and-esquire-caught-lying/
Hmm, only a white nationalist would spend that much time denying white nationalism... sounds like Esquire and the Atlantic really hit a nerve
>only a white nationalist would spend that much time denying white nationalism What kind of logic is that? He's Jewish and married to a non-white woman... pretty much disqualified from being a "white nationalist".
"Hur dur only a guilty person would deny it, innocent people never defend themselves"
Imagine this headline: Over a Third of Obama's Supporters Follow Black Nationalists on Twitter, Research Finds. How outraged by this would Fox News be?
Al Sharpton is close to Obama and is an Afrocentrist, or at least was in the 90's. He's been quoted saying some Black Supremacist things
What/who is a black nationalist?
obama
Anyone who supports BLM. Pepe evidently counts as white nationalism. I don't see why BLM support can't count as black nationalism.
BLM is basically saying "Our lives are important and the cops should stop killing us when we're unarmed." You have to be drinking some heavy Kool-Aid to see that as black nationalism. Louis Farrakhan and the Nation of Islam might qualify. BLM definitely not.
Because it isn't. BLM doesn't mean white lives don't matter, so get your PC panties out of a bunch. Use your own logic on any other innocuous statement. Does saying Chinese food is delicious also mean italian food isn't?
Mate, BLM literally has black supremacy in the name.
Except that it doesn't. What part of the phrase BLM conjures black supremacy? BLM consists of some people who may holds those views, but that is not representative of the entire movement. BLM doesn't have a central figure or organization to declare who or what is BLM, while the Trump campaign in direct contrast does and has encouraged white supremacists. you're all fired up about BLM because you can't comprehend nuance
Black Lives Matter. As in "Only black lives matter"
You're just proving my point. Nuance is beyond you and so are logically sound arguments. I'm going to paste my previous comment you responded to that you must not have read > Because it isn't. BLM doesn't mean white lives don't matter, so get your PC panties out of a bunch. Use your own logic on any other innocuous statement. Does saying Chinese food is delicious also mean italian food isn't?
Jesus christ, you guys miss the point so much.
Like the panthers or Malcolm x
Neither of them wanted to create an exclusive society based on a single race, unlike the white nationalists.
I'm mostly white and a Nationalist. I don't want to live in a country of only whites. Fuck me though, right?
Nationalists are what lead us to go to war in Iraq, knowing they were lies.
Incorrect. If they were acting off of Nationalism, we would not have had operatives in Iraq since the 80's and we would not be bombing countries to steal their dirty oil. If 9/11 still occurred without our previous involvement in the Middle East, we would have devoured Saudi Arabia for an attack on our homeland given we had evidence of their involvement instead of Iraq which was enacted by Imperialists, not Nationalists. If we had Nationalism, Iraq would not have been a war. Syria would not be our war. We would not have been in Korea, in Vietnam. Most of the Cold War would not have included our involvement. We would only participate in wars instigated by direct attack: Tripoli and WWII for example.
Nationalism has nothing to do with going to war for the right reasons. People like you are why it's so easy to convince the public to go to war for the wrong reasons.
Even though my previous response literally implied a Nationalistic approach to foreign policy is not to attack unless attacked yourself. The only Nationalism argument involving war and military expenditures outside of counter-attacks are when we look at military spending to achieve our equilibrium of peace through power - mutually assured destruction. We have a disagreement there, but we don't advocate for unprovoked war. Lazy response, calling me a liar; We have been vehemently against George W. Bush and Dick Cheney, their instigation of the Iraq war, and their contribution to the overthrow of various dictators in soveirgn nations. We respect soveirgnty, unlike the people who you are describing which we refer to as Globalists. It is people like you, sticking their noses in other countries' business, who led to our massive over expenditures in military Imperialism caused by fighting Communism outside of our own borders. Do you even realize that is why we are in the ME in the first place? Proxy wars with a now dead enemy. George W. Bush was a continued manifestation of this ridiculous Global savior approach that has been handed down from George Sr. to Bill Clinton to George W. to President Obama to Hillary Clinton. This isn't partisanship bullshit, you're still playing world police for a different justification. I wasn't originally going to respond to your baseless accusation, but to claim that I, a Nationalist American patriot against every war since WWII, wants more war is absolutely reprehinsible.
Well whatever you think Nationalism means, that's certainly not it. Nationalism is not about pacifism, it's quite the opposite. Nationalism is about violent nationalist movements, militarism, jingoism, anti multi-culturalism, and exploiting citizens to partake in national interests, which could very well be steered by global corporations.
Being a nationalist is pretty bad. It's one of the most damaging ideologies in world history.
That's your opinion and you are entitled to it, but to suggest Nationalism is fueled by racial superiority is extremely dishonest and uninformed in the case of many American Nationalists who are being painted as "White Nationalists"
That's because American Nationalists are mostly very, very White. Take a look at which demographics are supporting Trump.
And most of America is very very white. What's your point? Without displaying a racist sentiment from anyone with actual representational power of the movement, you're just saying a movement is bad because it's not minority driven. Besides, I've said nothing about Trump in this thread. Don't know about you, but I believe attributing someone's choices, thoughts, etc. to the color of their skin is racist - I would advise you step away from that rhetoric. What do I expect from someone who's username is Nazi.
Haha, no. America is about 60% White, meanwhile 90% of Trump supporters are White. White Americans are the only racial group in America which majority supports Trump.
a melon with water in it isnt necessarily a watermelon. youre a nationalist who's white. white nationalism is more than that, its based on racial exclusivity.
Thank you for making the distinction, I feel it is widely overlooked and the terminology is used synonymously with one who happens to be white and Nationalist, especially as of late.
[deleted]
Protectionism, isolationism, American exceptionalism to name the big 3. I know you probably asked in order to drag it through the mud and I'm not even going to attempt to justify it in r/politics because I'm well aware of the user base. I owe my life to this Nation and will do everything in my power to make sure that the policies I hold fit the spirit of the Framers and hold those born in America to be top priority for America. If I were born or allowed to immigrate to China, Australia, Peru, I would also be a Nationalist proponent for that country.
sounds like equivocation.
The term White Nationalist is itself ambiguous in order to allow itself to be attached to a negative connotation. You are looking for these terms: White Supremacists Ethnonationalists Be clear. Be concise.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_nationalism
There is a difference between being a white Nationalist and being a White Nationalist. If the nation that you are partisan to is the American one, then you can just be a Nationalist. But if the Nation your allegiance to is the White ethno-nation, to which state boarders are irrelevant, then you are a White Nationalist. Back in the day we just called them white supremacists, but they have tried to rebrand and to some extent the terms have caught on.
You're right. America is not intended to be white from my pure Nationalist standpoint and other Nationalists I associate with. > if the Nation your allegiance to is the White ethno-nation, to which state boarders are irrelevant, then you are a White Nationalist. Fuck that Stormfront shit. I support ethnic Nationalism in ethnic Nationalist countries (such as China) as these are ethnic countries, but America imo is non-ethnic and secular so race or (secular) religion is not a discriminatory tenant of our Nationalism. I'd wager the White Supremacists you're talking about are also into broad ethno-social policies - National Socialists. Not sure where you guys come in contact with actual White Supremacists like that, though. I don't see them in the public eye and they're not coming to our party gatherings, or at least they're not speaking up when we share discontent on takers whether they be white trailer trash or otherwise.
China actually has more than 50 different ethnic groups, although admittedly the Han comprise 92% of the population. The CCP actively suppresses Han chauvinism and has lots of affirmative-action policies in place (exemption from one-child policy, bonuses for university admissions, etc.). Then again, plenty of non-Han people "became" Han for political reasons after the fall of the Qing dynasty. China's just a weird example for this. I think the problem with calling yourself a Nationalist is that the basic conception of the 19th century nation-state is rooted in an ethnic understanding of politics. The idea that German-speaking people were a large family that deserved their own state named "Germany" -- instead of being divided among different multi-ethnic empires or loose religious associations of principalities -- is a textbook example of the emergence of "nationalism" as a concept. You could make an argument that language-affinity has replaced DNA-affinity in modern times, but it's hard for nationalism to escape the 19th century ideas of race and ethnicity that it was born from. From the way you describe yourself, I'd just say you're patriotic. Not necessarily a nationalist.
The nation if islam literally believes that that [a black scientist created whites thousands of years ago as a race of devils](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yakub_\(Nation_of_Islam\)).
Yeah they are legitimately wack,
That's bullshit, it was a lab accident.
Yeah, but that really doesn't beat Jim Crow or the Supreme Court decision regarding stuff like plessy vs furguson and the other stuff that's favored white people. When you can legally tell someone they can't use a water founatain because it's for whites only that's waaaay more powerful than an obscure myth.
Eh. Their were definitely factions of the Panthers that leaned towards black nationalism. A lot of of Malcolm and the Panthers were that blacks need to take care of each other. That we should support black owned business, educate black children, and focus on improving the black community as a whole from the inside. The idea was self sufficiency. Now there wasn't any focus on exclusion, because it's not like others wanted to become apart of black society at the time, but it was about being a self sufficient community.
there's a difference. white nationalist want the whole country to be a single race, black nationalists want their communities to be empowered and self sufficient, because they cant otherwise because of racism.
>white nationalist want the whole country to be a single race Not necessarily. They could just want supremacy over other races in the same country. A white ruling class.
Which is the key important difference. They recognized that the African-American people (as differentiated before Africans living in Africa who have no connection to America. So essentially meaning the group of people who are the decendents of slaves in America) have a common history as a people, have essentially a common territory (search: black belt us region), and a unique dialect (African-American vernacular English) and thus constitute a 'Nation'. In a very real way many Black Nationalists, especially those originally behind the idea, don't see it as a distinction by race, but rather a truely national idea. The water gets muddy because this isn't the opinion of everybody, what defines a nation is very transient and flexible, and most white people dont really understand that 'black' and 'african-American' don't mean exactly the same thing, and that since there isn't actually a solid biological difference which is identical with who we consider to be black, the term itself basically only refers based on how it is used. We use black as a race term, which is essentially based on how somebody looks so it applies to a dark skinned person regardless of where they live and the culture they grew up in. On the other hand 'African-American' is often used as a 'politically formal' term for a black person in America, but more truely it refers to the group of people who are the descendants of slaves and their culture. Because of the process of 'de-africanizing' slaves in America (prohibiting the use of native languages, names, and other cultural practices) it's essentially impossible to trace a lineage back to a particular people group in America for any African-American, so the particular culture that has been generated by this group of people is its own thing, as a separate culture from an particular African culture, and so it can also be considered an 'ethnicity', which is unique to those people. Most people immigrating from Africa to America today will not consider nor call themselves 'African-American', rather they will be Ebo, Hutu, Zulu, Luba or Kotko, though now that they are here, people will also identify them as black.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_nationalism
How does that relate when these are two completely different situations?
I was trying to point out the lack of acknowledgement on the right about how troublesome this situation is.
The headline is a lie. Over a third of Trump supporters **that posted a Trump hashtag on Twitter during the Debates** follow what they decided are White Nationalists. That is not equal to a third of all Trump supporters. But whatever, it's not like I expected unbiased news in /r/politics anyway.
Nobody here to argue with your point because you BTFO all of them.
Yes, because this country has a history of resurgent *Black Nationalism* driving political violence, and providing unequal protection in the eyes of the law.
> providing unequal protection in the eyes of the law. The Equal Protection clause applies to governments, not to private citizens individually or in groups. Government has to provide equal protection. Private citizens are not required to provide equal protection. If they were, I would make a living by suing all private security companies that only protect their customers but not me.
Almost every aspect of this was post either factually incorrect or logically flawed.
When I say equal protection, I mean that the court system is used to oppress blacks overwhelmingly, through the implementation of whites only juries, not allowing blacks to testify against whites, and so on.
I mean, we do have a candidate running for POTUS who gave speeches about "super predators" back in the 90's, and if you think that democrat policies concerning mandatory minimums doesn't significantly impact one race over another, I've got a bridge to sell you.
That super predator thing was pretty far fetched though, and dare I say that the record has been since corrected. Meh, the second part of your comment is bullshit and has nothing to do with the first part.
Kinda hard to say Clinton is the worse of the two choices in terms of racism. If the "Super Predators" statement 20 years ago was bad, what sort of statement does wanting widespread implimentation of "Stop and Frisk" mean?
Got it now, thanks. Had misunderstood your original comment.
The KKK used to run state and city governments across the South. He used the term correctly.
And Indiana!
How did they get to Indiana?
There was a surprisingly large KKK following throughout much of the Midwest in the 19th and 20th century, even in rural areas. Mainly they just attacked/hated Catholics, and then just took advantage when they actually found Black people or Jews.
It's over 95% white people is how
[Indiana Klan](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indiana_Klan) Maybe not so much these days but the Klan is definitely not contained to just the South
It's simple, really: Indiana is in the South but it's up North. That might sound impossible, but, hey, Indiana.
Just like how south Florida is actually the North.
Indian is not black and white like that. It just very notable because is quite mixed when it comes to north vs south. It's grey, really. And because it is a north state it's notable how much southern ideology is present there. But I wouldn't say it's counts as the south whatever. EDIT: That's to say that there are a lot of "hick" small towns there. But it's the same in Illinios. I mean, Illinois would be int he *exact same* boat as Indiana if Chicago wasn't there.
> driving political violence, hahaha amazing. Leftists have firebombed a GOP office, viciously attacked dozens of trump supporters at riots, and a deranged leftist actually tried ti to assassinate trump. The left is the party of political violence, riots, assaults, and cop killers. Here are some tolerant peace loving leftists viciously attacking a black homeless woman for having the audacity to support donald trump. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htOj50B7dNk
Buddy have you even heard about the 50s and 60s? Equality under law has always been garbage but no race has a clean record.
Not even a close comparison at all. Let's see slavery for about 100 years and than continued violence up till modern day vs scaring white people and being executed by police and FBI.
Fair enough that no race has a clear record, but surely white folk are leading in fouls here. I mean, we can agree that the other races have a lot of free throws coming their way... I'm not saying I'm personally responsible and guilty, or any other white people, but let's not be THAT obtuse moron on the Internet, eh? We know which group has, historically, done the most damage.
ok maybe for a few decades in the United States. but in the history of the world? absolutely not
If you're referring to the Black Panthers, they weren't founded until '66
They also never had anything even remotely as powerful as the white institutions in America. Acting like this shit hasn't always been one sided is why white people think they're under attack.
White people act they are under attack because of Affirmative Action, literal institutional racism. Have never had a person of color agree with me that it is institutional racism though. Probably because Ive only had the conversation with young black people, who seem radical.
Sort of. It's mostly because they can't understand that people, especially black people, are as a race behind the curve. There are statistical discrepancies between races in the US that shouldn't be a thing, but are. While I totally get that favoring one race over another is a bad idea long term, short term getting black people more integrated and on curve with other races makes a lot of sense to me. Free college would have gone a long way.
Black people arent behind the curve because of racism or white people though. Asians overcame poverty and racism within two generations, now they are the most successful race in every aspect of "successful". Racism against minorities is irrelevant at this point in history, my evidence is Asians. Black people were integrating fine until the welfare state was instituted under Johnson. Racism doesnt have much to do with black peoples current shitty state in society. I dont want my tax dollars to fund free college. I dont want to pay for kids to go and get a physiology, art history, English, or business degree. College is affordable if you take out loans and *study something relevant* and plan on making more than 55k coming out of school.
Asians overcame poverty because of two big reasons: 1. A strong focus on education in Asian cultures. 2. Not being enslaved and forced downward for hundreds of years in America, followed by a good hundred years of segregation. Yeah, two generations was all it took, no shit. Racism *is* mostly irrelevant. This is true. Unfortunately, the effects of *past racism* are still there, perpetuated in larger black areas, such as the south (whom sit nicely at the bottom of near every relevant chart). On the side of taxes, we still need people who study physiology, art, and English. We just don't need as many as we might get at a point in time. We also need people to take personal responsibility about getting pregnant, so they don't have to be on welfare. It's too bad that a large portion of people live in a fantasy world where this shit magically happens. People aren't magically going to get smarter and more responsible. Instead, I'm focused on providing as effective as possible programs to make sure it happens - which will save us money and make our society better. Want to reduce welfare? Get people educated. Want to reduce welfare, and reduce abortions? Free birth control. Both of those things are far less costly than years of welfare long term. These are just examples of the stupid shit we're dealing with today.
Equality feels like persecution when you've always been #1.
What about if you've never been #1 but your group is still being persecuted and racism takes place against your group? Part of the reason why I didn't move to America and chose France instead. [It's ridiculous that it exists. We call it positive discrimination in France.](https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Discrimination_positive_aux_%C3%89tats-Unis)
White people have been #1 in the western hemisphere for at least half a millennium.
Uh what? Didn't you guys learn this in school? Columbus sailed the ocean blue in 1492. And I'm Asian. I'm talking about Asians here. Your idea of equality seems to be here to attack those who are successful.
I don't understand how anything you said there is a counterargument to what I said.
O so Affirmative Action is equality? Give me a break.
I think you should watch this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTg6Ql2XAj0
Exactly
Can you imagine if Obama actually ran on a black nationalist platform?
He did in 2008. It worked out.
If you think that his 2008 platform was black nationalism, then you have no idea what white/black nationalism is.
If he did, then white nationalists would support him much more. White nationalists and black nationalists fundamentally have the same goal, except perhaps for disagreements over who should live where.
According to many Trump supporters, he did. Because apparently addressing that there is racial inequality is somehow more racist than promoting that system of racial inequality.
"According to many Trump supporters..." -- so tired of this. All of us know almost none of us.
> According to ~~many~~ almost all of the Trump supporters, whom I know personally and have spoken to directly, as well as posters on social media including Reddit, he did. Oh sorry, didn't mean to marginalize you, I know how PC you Trumpets are, and how much you hate marginalizing entire groups of people.
thanks for the correction
Gosh, I'd hate for anyone to be offended by a statement that accuses a vague number of Trump supporters of something negative. After all, some, I assume, are good people.
It's the infamous smelt-it-dealt-it doctrine.
"I have had three wives, with children to each of them. I cheated on the second and haven't seen the inside of a church in decades. I want to explode the national debt and destroy consumers confidence in our economy. I will also take away guns from any citizen I target. Vote for me." Obama would have not gained 20% of the vote if he said these things. Yet here's Donny gaining 40%. Why the fuck America?
The answer is pretty simple. Not every Trump supporter is a white nationalist, but every single white nationalist(that actively votes) votes for Trump.
Not racist, but #1 with racists!
Yes, like Romney, McCain, and Bush before him.
They made such a big deal of him sitting in the pews as Rev. Wright preached.
Isnt Wright a black nationalist though?
And then called him a Muslim with zero self-awareness.
They hated him just for ordering dijon mustard. I am pretty sure Hannity would die from a combination of an extreme orgasm and heart failure
I bet 100% only look at Breitbart and Drudge Report too
And The_Donald.
We watch A little FOX news too. Just not Megyn.
Not all trump supporters are white supremacists. But all white supremacists are trump supporters.
And another third are bots. (Unless there are white nationalist bots.)
/r/politics told me that all Trump supporters are bots.
You shouldn't listen to them anymore then. You're being mislead.
And another third are Russian secret agent hackers.
Well of course, those black iPhones are doing all of the piracy and we white iPhones need to be form our own nation to keep their disgusting ways out. White bot power!
Which means this 1/3 is actually closer to 1/2 of real people supporting Trump. If these numbers are correct, that means if you see a Trump supporter, you can flip a coin and if it lands on heads, they're either a white nationalist or they follow the movement.
Which is total bullshit because almost half the country is about to a "trump supporter" by voting for him but no way in hell 1/4 of the country is neo-nazis
We will find out regardless if he wins or loses. If he wins the KKK and Neo-Nazis will feel vindicated and will be more publicly open about their chosen life-style. Heck, we may get a known Neo-Nazis running for public office. If he loses we get domestic terrorism. Dark days ahead.
The hyperbole in this place is insane.
Ok... Maybe not an openly Neo-Nazi politician, but people will *"know"* -**wink**-. He gunna be dropping dog-whistles like Cesar Millan. Kinda like what we already have in the GOP. ;D
Historically, [US voter turnout](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Voter_turnout_in_the_United_States_presidential_elections) has never even reached 45% of the population. If we assume 50% of the US votes this year, and that this research is accurate, *at most* we're looking at 12.5% of the population having at least some connection to the white nationalists movement.
bots follow anyone, I wouldn't be surprised if most of the bots following him are also following white nationalists.
I wonder what the intercept on that Venn Diagram is? (How many of the bots follow white nationalists? How many of the white nationalist tweeters are not bots?)
Why is this not surprising. I'll be keeping an eye on those folks w/ Trump signs in their yards long after the election.
Wow, and they call Republicans "anti-science". There are so many things wrong with this "research", it's difficult to know where to begin: sampling bias, not generalizable, potential mis-classification errors...and the list goes on. But, I guess lies and deceit are justifiable if they help achieve your ideology's ends...right? This is a big part of the reason I stopped voting Democrat and considering myself a modern, political liberal.
The interesting thing to me is that I know a couple of people who were previously apolitical but casually racist. They latched onto the policy proposals of building the wall and banning Muslims from immigrating and are now vocal Trump supporters. I know one other person who was just Republican who only began supporting Trump after he was named the nominee and is now prone to casual racism. This is a strange phenomenon that Donald Trump has brought to the table.
But building a wall and banning Muslims from immigration arent racist when considering illegal immigration is no good for anyone and Islam is *fundamentally* at odds with the Constitution of the United States, banning of the public displaying of Muhammad and the freedom of speech. Both of those are things that this country should addressed as the Muslim population grows as a larger percent of the general population and as illegal immigration increases *again* and again.
Are you suggesting that embedding oneself in a group of racists can make one racist as well?
I didn't intend to suggest anything in particular. I was just making an observation. Also, I forgot to mention that one of the casual racists who turned Trump supporter was a Democrat. He wasn't actually apolitical. He has always been against free trade. The way he picked up the other policies and shrugged off the sexual assault stuff was bizarre, though. "It don't mean a damned thing. Bill did the same thing and he was a damned good president." If I were to make any point or claim, I'd say that I think Trump has brought out the worst in a lot of people.
Democrats and Republicans are not related to the new wave of international White Nationalism, which is largely non-partisan and most consider both parties to be bad. People on the New Right or Far Right go as far as to mock most Americans as thinking of politics as "Republicans vs Democrats". Most of this is from the internet, and has come about not because of any political party, but despite them
> the new wave of international White Nationalism, which is largely non-partisan That's a bit odd to me because I don't typically see white nationalists who support Stein, Johnson, or Clinton.
I said International. So ultimately for people who don't live in the US, foreign policy and trade are most important And I should clarify, non-partisan as in long before Trump came around, the New Right took no side in American 2-party politicking. Such as the opinion that the 2012 election was between two awful candidates of no interest. The only parties of interest to WN groups were ones such as Hungary's Jobbik, Sweden's SD, French FN, AfD/NPD in Germany, Golden Dawn in Greece etc. For an ethno-nationalist in say, Sweden who has been angry at rapes committed by muslim migrants/asylumseekers, the revelation that Trump is also pretty Rape-y (or maybe a Rapist?) could make him look just as bad.
I think I have to agree with you there. He's certainly making it more acceptable to be a dick to others.
I watched a documentary yesterday about hate groups gaining influence in America. It was pretty good. Got a lot of down votes too, probably because it had the term 'alt-right' in it. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gOsRktPBNhI&feature=share
Probably because mainstream American journalists/observers have no idea Alt-Right is, or associate it with unlike things.
Okay, I skipped around a bit in that video and it seems like the host just went around finding the most extreme examples of inarticulate dumb asses he could find. It just screams of propaganda. You can try one of these videos: Milo Yiannoppoulos on CNBC https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lgl53EXInPc Dave Rubin's monologue on it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aoLi4rC6xm8 Milo Yiannoppoulos on Dave Rubin's show; doesn't actually discuss the Alt-right or the 'rising hate' as you put it, but a great interview regardless https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DiA0P9iELAA Sargon of Akkad's take on it, probably the most honest and fair video I've seen about this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cp0uq-QafYQ
Hmm...maybe you misinterpreted what I said or maybe I wasn't clear in my post, but why would I want to try one of those videos? The documentary I linked really didn't focus on the 'alt-right' or who it is or what it is. It focused on white nationalist and white supremacist groups and organizations gaining notoriety by *using* the alt-right and Trump's message for their own gain. Matthew Heimbach is a good example in my video. A young, white nationalist with a following who, while dismissing the neo-nazi style of swastika's and sieg heil's, is more than happy to associate himself with the commander of the national socialist movement in America, Jeff Schoep. He's also (in)famous for shoving a protestor at a Trump rally while wearing one of those snazzy red caps. He makes his debut at around the 30 min. mark. Or...maybe I'm just butt-hurt about my post in /r/documentaries performing poorly because I thought it was weird that, within minutes, it was down voted. Could be it's just my tinfoil hat believing that there might be bots on Reddit specifically down voting posts mentioning the 'alt-right.' Either way, I thought it was a neat video that people might want to see with regards to Trump and the receptiveness that his message has had among white nationalist groups in America.
The problem with "Trump and the receptiveness that his message has had among white nationalist groups in America" is that he's the first politician i'v seen in my lifetime (i'm 22) with a blatant *America First* platform. When you consider Trump's particular way of speaking and the insane spin the media puts on just about everything he says, it's not exactly surprising that a fringe minority of extremists would latch on to him. These people are gaining traction because the left is *absolutely refusing* to talk to these people, and indeed about the concerns they ave. When you have BLM "protesters" burning down neighborhoods over slain thugs, killing 5 cops in Dallas because they're "upset at white people, and wanted to kill white people, especially white officers", openly assaulting people because they're white, and then the media tries to justify it with what amounts to nonsense. When people feel like they're under attack they respond in kind. The radical right is gaining power *directly because of what the left is doing*. This isn't some dark underbelly of society that's just now bubbling up because of Trump, people are being pushed there.
So...let's not beat around the bush. What are you trying to get at? That Trump is an OK guy despite being overwhelmingly popular with white nationalists? Or that this is all a result of 'the left?' The left being, basically, black lives matter protestors. As a leftist, somewhat older than you, I can promise you there is a lot more to 'the left' than just protestor's in predominantly black neighborhoods. Just like there is more to 'the right' than just neo-nazi's and white nationalists.
I'm saying that Trump is Trump and White Nationalists are White Nationalists. Just because white nationalists like Trump does not make Trump a bad person. I am also well aware that the the left is made up of more than BLM and the right is more than the Alt-Right, but they're the loudest groups doing the most at the moment. You can look here at a discussion in Canada about a proposed law that would *force people to use particular language when addressing people* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kasiov0ytEc This is exactly what i'm talking about when I say that the rising far right is a direct result of what the left is doing.
You're straying. Are we talking about Black Lives Matter or are we talking about tumblrina's and their preferred pronouns? You and I probably aren't going to agree on this. That's OK though. I don't think Trump's a good guy and I don't think he'll be good for this country and I especially don't think the association of white nationalists around Trump is a good thing either. He may not be specifically seeking them out but his particular *America first* message is resonating with them in a way that makes me and a lot of other people really uncomfortable. Not in the **triggered** sort of way but in the, 'why are neo-nazi's so into this guy and why isn't he telling them to stop' sort of way.
I guess I was naive, prior to this election cycle I thought most of this racist nonsense was behind us, but it looks like the roaches have been lurking in the shadows all along.
You shluld see what is said about white people, the only race it's publicly acceptable to be racist to in the US...
> You shluld see what is said about white people, the only race it's publicly acceptable to be racist to in the US... This is literally the punchline to a joke.
With BLM I think it was clear as day that racism was rampant
I agree. The fact that black people are more than twice as likely to die in each interaction with the cops (which is more frequently than white people because they are policed more often) than white people is awful. Really shows ho white supremacism has seeped into every single crack of our institutions.
So you think the police should kill more White Americans?
What the fuck? No.
Do you think Black Americans should kill less cops then?
Boy, I wish you were capable of having more nuanced discussion. Get back to me when that happens and your world is less black and white.
So you think Black Americans should kill more police officers. What the heck? That's terrible.
I think you have that a bit wrong. Roland Fryer's study (NYTimes article [here](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/12/upshot/surprising-new-evidence-shows-bias-in-police-use-of-force-but-not-in-shootings.html?action=click&contentCollection=The%20Upshot&module=RelatedCoverage&region=EndOfArticle&pgtype=article)) found that black and white people are equally as likely to be killed by police in any given interaction, but that black people interact more often and hence are killed disproportionately. Black people face other types of force more often in any given interaction.
Well black people tend to commit more crime as well, so it's only natural that they have more give and take with the police. Let alone the fact that black people kill policemen by the dozens as well.
> Well black people tend to commit more crime as well Stopped reading here. Thank you for pointing out that you believe that indiscriminately murdering black people is fine.
I don't believe that. Takes crazy mental gymnastics to go from "black people commit more crime than others" to "I believe that killing blacks is fine". Hats off to you.
Blocked
You sure showed him!
Your opinion means very little to me.
Likewise. I'm glad my opinions aren't on the same low levels as yours, though.
I mean its not like every time wealth is built in the community its taken.
Elaborate?
No actually I was thinking the same thing as you, and I found the numbers in order to back up my claim but it turned out I was wrong. Black people are victims of the police in absurdly higher numbers than white people, even when you account for the fact black people commit most of the crime.
You don't care about Black people, let's be honest.
I guess that's why I peacefully participate in White People for Black Lives protests, BLM protests and volunteer to do a suicide hotline for LGBTQ youth in typically more black areas.
Excusing the real problem of Black criminality by pushing a false narrative of a White supremacy, only serves to feed your saviour complex. You're not helping Black folk, you're infantilizing them. It's all ego with you.
Wow, now *that's* what I call projection. Apparently volunteering to help the black community is racist. Fucking while people.
"You're a white supremacist for volunteering! The only way to not be racist is to call them criminals from afar!"
Who'd have thought that living under a black President for 8 years and then facing another 4 years under a female President would get the racist patriarchs all riled up...
I honestly used to think racism was on the decline until I started to go on reddit.
> it looks like the roaches have been lurking in the shadows all along. What do the Turks have anything to do with this?
America is easily one of the least racist countries in the world. Asia, Africa, most of Europe is much more racist in my experience.
A comprehensive study I read listed Anglo countries as among the least racist. However, that's not related to any of this. White Nationalism crossing over with Trump has more to do with the emergence of the Alt-Right and New Right on the internet, which are international youth movements. Not related to old-school organized and casual "redneck racism" like the KKK
Well, who defines what a white nationalist is in this context? Earlier this election cycle the media was trying to tell us that anybody using Pepe was a white nationalist. That definition is really useful if your election hopes ride on painting your opposition as a neo-nazi movement. Aaaand the article literally points to Pepe and links to an article they wrote about how he's a white nationalist symbol.
I'll probably get downvoted to hell for this, but what exactly is wrong with being a white nationalist? There's nothing I can do about being white, so I'm really glad they're focusing on that. What's wrong with nationalism? Every country I have been to besides the US has pride in their country... Why is it such a bad thing if we take pride in the US? How does that make you racist?
Oh my god you can't ask that question.
Whelp I just did
Nationalism in popular use these days often refers to people taking pride in their country as an excuse to be negative towards other countries, or ethnicities associated with other countries. "I love america!" Great! "And I hope canada goes bankrupt and every mexican gets shot crossing the wall!" ...not so great. Additionally, white can refer to any one of dozens of cultures, from norway to iran, which are historically extremely different, or it can refer to modern culture which is heavily influenced by nonwhite people- you can't talk about, say, white music after around 1900 and totally ignore blues for example. So a pan-white identity is a tenuous idea at best. (A pan-black identity is also questionable, but the idea of a 'black' identity is largely an american idea that tied victims of overt legal oppression within a single culture together, and ironically is itself indirectly a white invention. In africa liberians and somalis don't have any more in common than russians and irish- different food, music, language, traditions, religions, etc etc). For more detail, I recommend browsing on /r/AskHistorians , /r/badhistory , and any subs that either of those list in their sidebar. [Here's](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/1kohp2/why_is_nationalism_considered_a_modern_concept/) an okay thread.
Because your way if life and indeed your life period isn't in jeopardy because of your skin color. Cops by and large aren't racist against white people, white people don't have an institutional history of discrimination against them. Why do we need white nationalism? America is already a predominantly white country. We don't need anyone to say "won't someone think of the white people??" because quite honestly no one has ever stopped thinking about us.
So brown, black, or yellow nationalism is cool?
First of all, "yellow" is a pretty racist term to use for Asians. Second of all, if these groups have historical precedent of disenfranchisement in the US, then yeah they should have organizations and movements that are willing and able to look out and advocate for them.
I think you've got the wrong definition of nationalism.
White Nationalism isn't about you being a nationalist and white. It's about your nation's greatness being only because of it's white citizens. Or in spite of its non-white citizens. Being a White Nationalist is objectively bad. Being a nationalist is pretty normal for a lot of countries. Japan and Korea are countries that are both nationalist and extremely xenophobic. They aren't trying to round up any ethnicity to commit genocide. "White Nationalism" = My country is great in spite of all the citizens of other races we're burdened with. Lets focus on getting rid of them. "Nationalism" = My country is great and those born here are inherently superior to others.
>It's about your nation's greatness being only because of it's white citizens. Or in spite of its non-white citizens. Not necessarily. A lot of white nationalists do believe that whites as a group have a higher average IQ than other races due at least partially to biological factors (and they also have a lower average IQ than Asians, due at least partially to biological factors), but the whole ideology doesn't depend on this assertion. The core driving force is the observation that when different ethnic groups live in close proximity to each other, it tends to produce conflict. There's clearly a lot of ethnic conflict in the US today, and it shows every sign of getting worse rather than better. White nationalists want to convince different racial groups to voluntarily segregate themselves as a solution to these mounting tensions, rather than the liberal program of integration and multiculturalism that they believe is doomed to fail.
I'm against white nationalism but I reject the idea that Americans are more racist than other nations. If Japan had our rate of immigration, we'd see xenophobia more virulent and popular than anything here.
I don't think I said that, or even implied it. The USA isn't trying to round anyone up for genocide either, in spite of how hysterical people are about Trump. Korea and Japan were specific examples of far more xenophobic/racist countries than the USA.
Since when is the preservation of culture xenophobic or racist? Why is it only called that and criticized when it's white people or asians doing it?
Xenophobia/preserving culture are two sides of the same coin in a culturally homogeneous area. It doesn't necessarily mean racism, but again, it often does. They're weakly correlated but not the same thing.
I think you're adding a lot of context to the phrase, but thanks for the perspective.
It's like "national socialism" - it doesn't mean you're a socialist who is part of a nation.
Not at all. In America, white nationalist are almost entirely inseparable from our previous white supremacist history.
The phrase comes with that context already.
white nationalist =/= White Nationalist The latter is a specific ideology rather than a nationalist that happens to be white. That said I'm pretty sure this article is defining "white nationalists" as anyone who uses Pepe Memes.
oic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_nationalism White nationalism doesn't mean being white and nationalist.
News to me. Thanks.
Pepe dint start that way, but it does seem he's been co-opted by the racists. Much to the dismay of the creator I might add.
I haven't seen these white nationalist pepe memes. The only one I did see was the one used by the organization which designated pepe a symbol of hate speech.
Have you looked at twitter?
It's been co-opted by everyone. Pepe is a blank canvas. https://www.google.ca/trends/explore?date=today%2012-m&q=nazi%20frog,feelsbadman,nazi%20pepe,pepe%20white%20nationalism,pepe%20the%20frog FeelsBadMan from the Better TwitchTV extension is more popular than conflating Pepe with white nationalism. It's just a straight up lie that he's a white nationalist symbol.
Its been co-opted. Doesn't mean it didn't start as a white nationalist symbol, and there are plenty of people who don't realize white nationalist have co-opted it. Doesn't change that it has become synonymous with white nationalism and the alt-right. The swastika has had quite a few meanings throughout world history, including a symbol of luck and prosperity. It was found on Roman shields and artwork, carved into plows by pioneers in the midwest US, and seen as a religious symbol in numerous Native American tribes. Most people in Western society wouldn't be caught dead using the symbol now. Pepe may survive this. [Probably not](http://cdn.thedailybeast.com/content/dailybeast/articles/2016/05/26/how-pepe-the-frog-became-a-nazi-trump-supporter-and-alt-right-symbol/jcr:content/image.crop.800.500.jpg/48807968.cached.jpg), but it might. But just because you remember before it was co-opted doesn't change the fact that the meme has become a calling card for the alt-right.
It has only become synonymous with people on the mainstream in the "Hacker known as 4chan" circles. Pepe and Wojack are a massive blank canvas meme. A few of the tens of thousands of edits of the meme got associated with Trump and Hillary, the media took notice, and like the "Fox on Anonymous" story, made a laughingstock of itself with out-of-touch reporting on youth culture and the internet
Do you have any proof of the shit that you're spewing? Any evidence of the connection between Pepe and white supremacists or the alt-right? If no examples come to your head, realize that your argument is disingenuous and you're reiterating the shit you were fed somewhere.
Ever gone to the_donald? Ever just googled [pepe alt-right?](https://www.google.com/search?q=pepe+alt-right&rlz=1C1CHBF_enUS691US691&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwj8nYmKwIPQAhVMyFQKHerpApwQ_AUICSgC&biw=1920&bih=950) Seen the twitter of accounts of numerous known alt-righters and Trump supporters? How about the fact it is reported by numerous news sources how he has become pretty much the go-to meme of the alt-right? But sure, spew your own bullshit.
Did you look at your own link? The images I see are largely: A) Non-white supremacist. B) Liberals complaining about white supremacist pepes C) One actual white supremacist site making fun of the liberal media that was attributing pepe memes to them. Low energy post. And where the fuck did you get that the_donald is white supremacist? That is an enormous lie. I'm a Jew. We have blacks, hispanics, asians over there.... Not exactly what you'd call a white supremacist environment.
Yeah, I'd call it [dismay](https://thenib.com/pepe-the-frog-to-sleep-perchance-to-meme)
Oh yeah big time dude. If you wanna see if racism is still alive, scroll to the bottom of any thread of a post about a black person. Shit gets out of hand real quick.
bottom? I know when I click to be prepared for "I know I will get downvoted for this but does anyone else think (super overt incorrect racist statement)" +1000 Gilded x 30
"DAE black people need to get educated like us superior whites?"
I've never seen a racist comment gilded at the top of a thread.
https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2ubpor/til_overweight_or_obese_girls_are_at_least_15/co77qep/ This entire comment section https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/3421t5/want_these_photos_inside_7eleven_being_looted_in/ A lot of them get deleted after the fact when they get linked to SRS and the like but catch a thread with a black person or topic when it's freshly on /r/all
Ok so we both know that the first post you linked wasn't a real example Second example isnt racism either. Both your examples are bullshit and it's pretty obvious.
You deliberately took that out of context. The parent comment was saying prepare for offensive comments, so someone replied with the most offensive thing they could think of. That doesn't count.
Keep in mind that, according to other articles, a third are bots. Bots follow whoever and whatever.
Pecker bots.
I suggest, instead of arguing about the validity of the findings, visiting twitter and clicking around a while. I'd be surprised if you didn't see a pattern emerge when comparing the accounts of Trump and Clinton supporters.
The one thing I've notice when comparing both is a huge amount of vitrol and hatred. Anger and rage. Threats of violence, and insults. I'm at the point I don't care about who will get the white house. Once's a racist, the other's a criminal. One knows nothing about politics, the other should know enough not to do what is done. One will lead us to World war 3, and the other will make us a puppet of Russia. I just don't fucking care about who wins. I care about fixing this divide. The Black Lives/Blue Lives matter debate started a deeper wedge in our culture. Yes that crack has been there since George W Bush, and even Clinton's impeachment hearing, but we've never been more divided then we are today. This election has literally torn us apart and I've seen so much shit. People turning their back on friends and family because of perceived political views. What is important is how we deal with November 9th. Not how the politicians deal with November 9th but rather how we deal with it. How many of those friends and family can we get back, do we want them back, or is this divide going to remain for the rest of our lives, whether scabbed over until the next four years, or left with a deep cut that continues to bleed into our every day life. Because the former is bad enough, but I just don't think America can survive the later. It's not who wins this election which will destroy this country. It's how the country deals with the election itself.
I think we have established that his base is mainly underclass whites who want to "take the power back" from the "coastal elites". They resent POC who are having some success while they aren't which is burning their ass because " How can these people be succeeding while we fail? We are better than them! This is OUR country. This is OUR birthright. THEY are the other. THEY are stealing our birthright." and fear the rise of the _brown horde_ . If you don't get it now it's because you just don't fucking want to.
To be fair, over a third of Donald's supporters on Twitter are bots, so it makes sense that they all follow the same neo-Nazis.
Surprising no one.
Trump supporters: We're not all White Nationalists, we're just #1 **with** White Nationalists.
What's wrong with being proud of being white and American? Other than George Soros would like to see that particular portion of the venn diagram carted off by train to internment camps.
> What's wrong with being proud of being white You didn't choose to be white. You didn't work hard to be white. You were simply born that way. What exactly is there to be proud of?
Ok, then end all other pride days under the same logic.
You didn't answer my question.
Other pride days are, for the most part, to make a strong public statement about being in a group that is marginalized / oppressed, etc. For example...gay pride isn't about "hey, im gay woohooo!" - it is / was always a method of normalizing a sexual orientation that has historically been heavily marginalized, if not deemed immoral or illegal - with significant social or legal consequences for admitting to being homosexual. The idea that being white is somehow a negative thing, particularily in western culture, would be a ridiculous and incredibly irrational point of view. So hopefully you understand the difference between white pride and gay pride.
Wasn't it found out that a third of Trump twitter activity was done by bots?
Seems low
Trump supporters. You elected Donald Trump for president. You are a joke from the 90s. I mean literally in the 90s it was a joke to how dumb we would be in the future. You are a joke that came true. Let that sink in Donald Trump is your candidate for president. You have basically just gave up on life and know you cant compete or handle todays America. This is not the rdonald so you cant do anything.
i'm more surprised that 2 thirds of Trump supporters on Twitter don't follow Donald trump
This seems like a clunky way to operationalize overlap between Trump support answers white nationalist support because twitter follows don't necessarily mean support. For instance I follow Donald Trump and several white supremacists, because I want to be in the loop when they say terrible things.
Even their bots are racist
Legitimate question. There was the uproar about the KKK guy endorsing trump and stuff like this. Do you guys actually think that white supremacists don't vote republican every election? Why is this a surprise at all? It's just propaganda. I'm sure they voted for Obama over Romney, right?! Everyone is acting as if white supremacists/racists never vote and all of a sudden they're voting this election and this election only for and because of Trump. Give me a break, they obviously vote for the right every time. Preparing to be downvoted.
> There was the uproar about the KKK guy endorsing trump and stuff like this. You mean [this guy](http://www.sickofyourcrap.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/jpeg-640x349.jpg)? Edit: Thanks to the people who pointed out the issues, I'm willing to admit I was wrong here.
Yeah that guy, the same guy that Hillary said is "one of her mentors"
No, that's the [photoshoped](http://www.snopes.com/clinton-byrd-photo-klan/) picture of the guy that spent decades working against racism and got complimented by the NAACP for his hard work against the KKK. They're talking about the people who are [still racist.](https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughTrumpSpam/comments/4r2yxs/a_final_response_to_the_tell_me_why_trump_is/)
They probably meant the actual active white supremacist, not the guy who quit and disavowed the KKK in the 940s (in his early 20s). The clearly photoshopped picture doesn't help your case much, either. Question: do you people know it's photoshopped and just post it to troll, or do you actually think it's real?
It's easier to besmirch Trump by attacking his supporters than him. You don't want to be in the same group as racists right? Of course not! So don't vote Trump. The fucking level of political discourse in this country is disgusting. And we can blame a lot of people, but it's not all the media, and it's not only the Republicans, both parties are equally to blame to bring us to the level we've reached this year... and what's sick? 2020 will find a way to be worse.
>Do you guys actually think that white supremacists don't vote republican every election? Yez. I bet way fewer voted in 2012 than will in 2016.
Based off of?
The 2012 White Supremacist Vote Watch Report and the 2016 White Supremacist Vote Watch projections, obviously.
Of course they vote for the right every time. The Republican party is the preferred party of the KKK and neo-Nazis. Donald is the favorite candidate of Stormfront.
And what if white nationalists like you. Are you a white nationalist ?
You have to ask yourself *why*. Why do racists, nazis, and other deplorables almost uniformly support the Donald?
I think the problem was that he didn't come back condemning them at the time
> Of course they vote for the right every time. The Republican party is the preferred party of the KKK and neo-Nazis. Donald is the favorite candidate of Stormfront. Gee I wonder where Donald got his racism from? Oh yeah... [Donald Trump's father was arrested in a Klu Klux Klan riot.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/02/28/in-1927-donald-trumps-father-was-arrested-after-a-klan-riot-in-queens/)
Clinton kissed a kkk member and went to his funeral
[deleted]
Thanks for backing me up
Bullshit study. Mike Cernovich isn't a white nationalist.
lol, this is a Trump hate sub, might as well try to convince them not all white people are racist and Hillary violated security protocol. I stop by here every once and awhile as a mindfulness exercise. It shows the power of confirmation bias and online echo chambers on human brains. All of the "I'm not surprised, I thought it would be higher" comments are proof.
Better get out and vote little buddy, Trump is going to need it. Wearing your MAGA hat isn't gonna do it champ. LOL
Are you proud that your shit candidate is barely going to scrape by against a literal comedy central roastee? You should hold a pride parade about it.
as long as the filthy regressive right are destroyed i don't care if Madam wins by one vote.
They won't be. They'll be back in four years after you've quit paying attention.
I'm 14, I can't vote yet. Bill Clinton is a rapist.
Are you serious?
I embrace the truth, along with the chaos it brings. Life is too short to not be true to your heart. My mom is voting for tump, and I love my mom.
Good parents raise good kids!
nah hes joking, hes actually 15
Not only did the Southern Poverty Law Center identify him as a white nationalist, but here is an example tweet of his: "White genocide is real. Funny how no one is saying America should take in whites from South Africa as refugees, even though they are hunted"
Whats your opinion on the content of the tweet?
The Southern Poverty Law Center can say whatever they want. It doesn't make it true. Pointing out that white people are subject to racism in South Africa doesn't make you a "white nationalist" anymore than sympathizing with BLM makes you a "black nationalist".
Are you ignorant of or just blatantly ignoring the fact that "white genocide" is a white nationalist term?
one shouldn't expect too much from trump supporters and alt-right dweebs, many of them really seem to be among the most intellectually dishonest people. sad.
"Cardiac arrest" is a medical term, but using it doesn't make me a doctor.
These are not at all comparable situations. White genocide is a strict white nationalist term; cardiac arrest is not strictly used by doctors. This is Katrina Pierson levels of absurd spin.
I see. Well, only one of us has actually used that term, so I guess we know who the white nationalist is. Thanks for the info!
I am absolutely *shocked* somebody defending a white nationalist would be incapable of having a meaningful conversation. /s Don't worry. You always have /r/The_Deplorables as a safe space.
Cernovich is not a white nationalist.
I'm with you too. This shit has gotten out of hand.
Ah hah! So using it DOES make you a white nationalist!
I'm with you mate. I'm not surprised they kept trying to label you. It's a shame this is how things are.
Thanks for the support. Unfortunately, this is a pretty popular tactic at the moment (on both sides of the political spectrum): Create a subjectively defined group (white nationalists) full of "bad" people and then identify an enemy (Mike Cernovich) as a member of that category. Since the category is subjectively defined, you can make whatever argument you want, e.g. "________ is a strict white nationalist term". I think Cernovich even has a wife who's mixed-race. If he's trying to be a white nationalist, he's doing a pretty terrible job.
The SPLC recently identified Maajid Nawaz, who is a Muslim, and Ayaan Hirsi Ali, a feminist against the misogynistic ways women are treated in the Muslim world, as anti-Muslim extremists. The SPLC has zero value as a legitimate organization.
This is the silliest sub on all of Reddit
It's only a model
In other news, water is wet
The mods here delete threads everyday for being bullshit, not this one though, gotta support the narrative.
I said in a past post they have the same talking points. You have to ease drop every now and again especially since they are out in the open nowadays.
deplorables
Applies equally well to Hillary supporters.
please show me a reliable source claiming that over a third of Clinton supporters follow white nationalists on twitter.
Please show me a reliable source proving that over a third of Trump supporters follow white nationalists on twitter, because this study sure as fuck doesn't. If you took even five minutes to look at it, you'd realize that. Of course you probably haven't even clicked it, much less read the study.
People who like the racist guy are racist themselves? this is my shocked face...
How is he racist?
http://lmgtfy.com/?q=Trump+racism
All I get is that he wants to build a wall, which isn't racist...
Then you can't read or something because there are MANY MANY more examples of Trump's racism... http://www.vox.com/2016/7/25/12270880/donald-trump-racism-history
Lol none of those things mean he's racist. Someone in his companies being racist doesn't mean he is lol.
Smh...Even obvious proof can't break through Trump supporters delusion...
I'm probably voting Johnson bruh. Don't need to straw man here.
100% of Hillary supporters on Twitter follow organized crime bosses, research finds.
Lies
I mean, I'm shocked it isn't more. He talks like people like that would follow him.
In todays new, Esquire found 10,000 pepes on twitter.
99% were common
Just because he's Number 1 with racists doesn't mean he's racist! /s
Was Mitt Romney racist? George Bush? White supremacists tend to be conservative so unless every Republican is racist than that statement doesn't make sense.
Yes, because the playbook says we have to call all Republicans racists.
He may not be a racist but he is probably the most racist candidate for president...
probably not, though
"Super predators"
From a decade ago. "Thugs" from last week. Rapists and felons from last month.
I know you are being sarcastic but your statement is true.
Not sarcastic: but it does mean it's pretty damn likely that he is racist. Plus, all the evidence that shows that he is racist. So, to be clear: yes, he is a racist. edit: ok rather than explain why he's a racist [I'll just refer you to this comprehensive list of 20+ reasons.](https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughTrumpSpam/comments/4r2yxs/a_final_response_to_the_tell_me_why_trump_is/) edit: love this. 3 downvotes but no actual substantive arguments in opposition. Hurts when someone points out God Emperor Trump is a massive racist? lol
I would put money on a rich girl from the south is more racist than a multinationalist from New York.
Going off of stereotypes?
Until you, y'know, examine the words that have actually come out of each one's mouth, which tends to be a better way of determining these things than stereotypes. (Also, since when is Chicago the South?)
saying dumb things doesnt make you racist. Racism is serious and I hate how the left has watered it down.
word I hate how the right has made racism only super specific circumstances and therefore djt could never be racist mirite
No, but saying dumb, *racist* things makes you racist. Such as, "Black guys counting my money! I hate it. The only kind of people I want counting my money are little short guys that wear yarmulkes every day." Or refusing to rent to black people. Or mistrusting an American-born judge because of his racial heritage. Among many, many, many other examples. Vote for a racist if you want, but at least be honest about it.
> saying dumb things doesnt make you racist. True. But saying dumb *racist* things...
How about throwing out your own black supporters and calling them a thug. Does that make you racist?
It was 1 supporter. He was thrown out by security and acting like a crazy man in the crowd. There is so much shit to criticize him for. When you use stuff like this it is exactly what the guy you responded to is talking about. When everything is racist it makes the real stuff seem watered down.
Oh my God, it's the end of fucking October. Unless you've had your head buried in sand, or just woke from a coma, you've seen hundreds of examples of racism either by Trump, or on his behalf that he's endorsed. No he hasn't literally lynched anyone based on race. But [even his supporters have fucking joked about it] (http://www.sbnation.com/college-football/2016/10/29/13468492/wisconsin-nebraska-clinton-trump-obama-costumes).
Im not saying he isnt racist or sexist. Im saying when everything is called racist it waters down everything else.
I wonder what your definition of racism is. Does it only begin when you start killing black people or what?
You're right. https://i.sli.mg/lSMJCu.png
Sourcing daily mail and youtube in a shitty the_donald info graphic that the moment anyone looks into it falls apart real quick. Nice one. Edit: Oh right here we go: https://www.truthorfiction.com/dolly-kyle-makes-claims-hillary-woman-book/ - tl;dr one woman said something, impossible to prove. Quick, stick it in an infographic to make it seem real. Dipshits eat that up!
Might not be racist but he is probably the most racist candidate for president.
I would not be so sure about that when Hillary Clinton is running.
No it isn't. If you're adored by and validate a mass of racist and you're endorsed by multiple white supremacist groups I'm sorry but, you're pretty fucking racist. You think they just pick someone at random to support and endorse?
White supremacists and racists also eat bread. Is bread racist?
I know youre being pedantic, but no shit sherlock.
Remember how he kicked out a black supporter at his rally and called him a "thug"? That was just *this* week
Well uhh yeah, but uhhh hypothetically speaking... /s
Calling him a thug was stupid but it is security that kicked him out and they did it because he was running towards Trump waving a note screaming his name. Probably not a good idea.
Yeah, none of his supporters do that. /s
This sub is an absolute joke and the ridiculousness is terrifying for using the Internet for information in the future.
You're brigading.
Brigading? I'm not even sure what that is.
How liberally are they applying the label of "white nationalist" I wonder? If they call Rush Limbaugh a white nationalist, for example, that could explain the entire statistic right there.
You could always, you know...read the article. The poll is linked in the 3rd sentence.
And they *won't unfollow them if Trump loses*. As a result, they'll still be getting fed racist crap for the next four years.
Because anyone who disagrees with me is brainwashed.
White supremacist propaganda *will* brainwash people. You're free to follow accounts like @whitegenocideetc, if you want, but it doesn't make their views valid.
It's the Hitler movement of my generation
If you can tell me what a brown shirt is without googling it I would be entirely surprised.
Haha, is that really a surprise to anyone?
See! The "basket of deplorables" comment was wrong! It's more like a third. Half was completely off base.
How would this surprise anyone? Talk to trump supporters and it's very easy to understand their ideology, and why they support trump.. I have here in Texas and they are proud to push that agenda in your face..
Or just follow Trump on twitter. He has a bad habit of retweeting white supremecists/nationalists.
So Hillary was wrong again. It wasn't half his supporters that are a basket of deplorables. It's only a third of them that are racist, hate-mongering deplorables. She needs to get her facts straight before she hopes those people will support her.
LOL reminds me of the [Goldwater Trap](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2016/05/17/how-trump-may-have-walked-into-a-trap-set-by-a-clinton-super-pac/)
A third, on Twitter (I'd love to see a Facebook study too) are racist enough to follow white supremacists. This is not the minimum threshold for being racist. (I'm a Trekkie but I've never been to a fan convention to "prove" it.) It's fair to say any Trump supporter is at least willing to accept empowering racists in trade for whatever else they hope to achieve by voting Trump. No Trump supporter can believably claim that fighting racism is their number one issue.
The fact only 16 of 10,000 hillary supporters followed white nationalists, compared to over 3,000 of 10,000 trump supporters is kind of telling there. Theres nothing inherent about twitter that attracts racists... but trump does.
THERES A RED UNDER YOUR BED oh please, fucking propaganda at its finest and I don't live in the states. This election has been like watching two school kids slap fight each other.
From the outside looking in, they're both atrocious candidates; zero policy & just sniping at each other like children. Whichever gets in, it's bad for the US.
lol @ this propaganda. There is absolutely no way this is true. Otherwise white nationalist twitter accounts would have millions of followers. Also, a person can create as many twitter accounts as they want. Hell, bots have accounts. They're probably counting Breitbart as white nationalist or something. (I refuse to click on this obvious clickbait)
You just in denial. More than likely you were agreeing with a white nationlist and just did not know it.
So what if a white nationalist makes a good point? Am I supposed to conduct background checks of everyone I follow on twitter?
Nope. Keep agreeing. My point is that you both have the same exact ideas of a better America. That is for you to decide whether it is an ok thing or not.
I've decided. It's an okay thing to agree with someone on a particular issue. Glad we cleared that up.
I am not even upset to be honest. I truly do believe that Trump supporters do not know that their current political ideals were held by these white nationalist groups for years. No matter how scary it is.
Maybe people didn't agree with them before but they do now due to recent events involving terrorism, immigration and social unrest. Those kinds of events are forcing people to pick sides.
> immigration and social unrest. And to think those things actually effect white people the least, yet somehow it is a huge deal to them.
And there it is, right back to the bullshit. It was such a nice discussion too.
It's quite simple John. To date, the poverty level for blacks is at 24%. For Hispanics it is 21% and for whites the poverty level is only 9%. Bias source: http://federalsafetynet.com/us-poverty-statistics.html Blacks and Hispanics primarily populate the low-skill labor pool, which coincidentally also is where illegal immigrants find almost all of their work. Bias source: http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2016/03/16/u-s-civil-rights-commissioner-illegal-immigration-disproportionately-harms-black-americans/ Illegal immigrants aren't coming into America and taking the middle class jobs away from whites and aren't living in the middle class neighborhoods and raping their daughters. No, the minority population feels this impact the most in their workforce and their neighborhoods, and whites feel it the least.
That's simply your opinion. Tell that to the people living in Baltimore or Ferguson or a border state. Tell that to anyone who wonders why their taxes are so high. Go look at the crime statistics against whites. Those girls in Philadelphia who are targeted for beatings by groups of 30 African American youths, or the man who was gang beaten because he was white in the garage in Charlotte during those riots. Many strongly disagree with you.
Uh... Well if you think feels > statistical data then you got me there.
Lol.
looks like Lightbringer1 was correct, you do agree with white nationists...
White nationists, huh? LMAO I'm hurt.
Plot twist, Twitter algorithm recommended those 1-click follows simply because it detected them to have conservative tendencies
That would actually be pretty funny.
>I refuse to read on this story but I'm going to assume I would disagree with it and start ranting about how wrong it probably is
"Research"
Did you learn that's a dirty word from anti-science mongers Fox News?
Nah, as an actual researcher this shit is insulting.
And 61% of his followers on Twitter are bots according to twitteraudit.com
And bots follow every account they can find, so it makes sense that they will eventually find a nationalist.
Are you having trouble with math? It's the other way around. Also in-line with Clinton's #'s. Hers are just smaller in magnitude.
Even if I read it wrong and it's the other way around, it's ridiculous.
> Even if I read it wrong You did. > and it's the other way around It is. > it's ridiculous 22% less ridiculous
What is a "white nationalist"?
[removed]
Do black lives matter to you? (Not the group, just black people in general.)
>A person who has looked at South Africa and realizes that the minorities whites pamper to will not return the favor when the tables are turned. There's a reason white flight exist, especially among liberal whites. You don't see them living in Detroit or Chicago. Don't be a Rhodesia guy.
oof. you know you're in the weeds when you're looking to white south africans as a model of race relations.
Nelson Mandela literally advocated for equality and even after being fucked over by whites still let them off.
> What is a "white nationalist"? A white person who doesn't joyfully celebrate the demographic future of becoming a hated minority within the next 30 years.
Non-partisan metapolitical identity politics and concern over demographics of Whites, immigration and changes. It's entirely related to existential fears over being colonized or outnumbered by other races, and nothing to do with taxes, healthcare, Republicans, Democrats or other mainstream political things. They want to live in or retreat to communities where it's mostly other white people. In more radical forms it involves closed borders, deportations and secessionism Supremacy on the other hand involves the idea of ruling over other races, or beliefs a race is not human, instead of Nationalists who just want to be left alone. Black Supremacists believe whites are demonically-possessed or inferior mutants, White Supremacists believe earth belongs to them and blacks are apes.
Exactly. You don't have to HATE other races to see where things are headed very quickly and to see what is in store for innocent white people who never owned slaves, never refused anyone a job or education based on race, etc. . In the future whites will be forced to pay the price for their perceived crimes against humanity ten times over.
People can downvote me but you know I'm right. The majority of every day white folks will pay the price for the actions of the few super rich and elite. We are already blamed for the problems of the world, just wait until our numbers dwindle.
oh, i get it. the louis ck joke.
What, are minorities treated badly in the US or something?
No. Not in the year 2016. A few decades ago, sure, but not a lot of us were alive in the 1960s. There are some who claim racism at everything that goes wrong, but generally speaking isn't really a systematic issue, more of extremely isolated incidents that would pop up in any population with 300 million people.
Nope that's still hate.
Please describe how this is hate.
You're White. That's hate.
>In the future whites will be forced to pay the price for their perceived crimes against humanity ten times over. This is BLM right here folks.
you mean one of those "anti-racism is code for anti-white" people?
> you mean one of those "anti-racism is code for anti-white" people? Is the slur "racist" typically used for any other reason but to degrade white people?
the question is odd. most people don't use "racist" as a compliment, i suppose.
I think that the term is "Dog whistle"
Seeing his post history, Ya he is definitely one of those "racism is code for anti-white" people
Someone who promotes the interest of White people.
Someone who believes the country belongs to a single race and that others are outsiders
I am white, and also pretty patriotic, but I don't believe that the country belongs to a single race. Am I a white nationalist?
[Naturalization Act of 1790](http://www.indiana.edu/%7Ekdhist/H105-documents-web/week08/naturalization1790.html): >Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America, in Congress assembled, That any Alien being a free **white person**, who shall have resided within the limits and under the jurisdiction of the United States for the term of two years, may be admitted to become a citizen thereof on application to any common law Court... [Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Immigration_and_Nationality_Act_of_1965): >The Hart–Celler Act of 1965 marked a radical break from the immigration policies of the past. Previous laws restricted immigration from Asia and Africa, and gave preference to northern and western Europeans over southern and eastern Europeans. In the 1960s, the United States faced both foreign and domestic pressures to change its nation-based formula, which was regarded as a system that discriminated based on an individual’s place of birth. Abroad, former military allies and new independent nations aimed to delegitimize discriminatory immigration, naturalization and regulations through international organizations like the United Nations. It used to be entirely normal to think of the US as being a nation that was primarily for white people.
A better question would be - how was white nationalist defined here and by whom?
probably anyone who tweeted an image of pepe and followed Trump
The accounts of ten people.
10 Specific twitter accounts identified as white supremacist by the Southern Poverty Law Center. The report is like 2 pages long and linked in the article, by the way, you don't have to keep asking questions here.
But remember, Trump's support comes from people who have been marginalized by the globalized economy, NOT from bigots. And the fact that he's doing much better in the old Confederacy than he is in the rust belt is entirely a coincidence.
The rest are robo reply accounts.
Over a third of Racists are racist.
People follow who they hate on twitter, too. While I wouldn't be surprised if these people liked the white nationalists you still can't say that with certainty. Not like that matters for either Trump or Clinton supporters. You people will believe whatever you want to, truth and facts be damned.
If the explanation is that there are lots of people follow who they hate -- why did only 16 of 10,000 hillary supporters follow the white supremicists compared to *3,000* of the trumpeters?
I think you probably should be more surprised that that many white nationalists actually still exist.
Good point.
To be fair, they're probably all Russian bots.
Trump is a Russian bot.
So one day there's an article saying 1/3 of trump supporter accounts are fake, then another day they say 1/3 follow white nationalists. Clearly the fakes are the racists.
Not everyone who supports trump is racist but every racist supports trump. Read that somewhere seems to be applicable a lot
Thank you for Correcting the Record™
@pepe is where I get my fix on orders for the white Reich.
alt-right != white nationalism Stop being so easy to dupe.
What's the difference? Memes?
If you want to be nitpicky, not all alt-rightists are white nationalists, and by far, most white racial groups are not "alt-right". Skinheads, KKK or others have nothing to do with alt-right. It's an internet protest/meme movement imported from Europe recently, and deals mostly with countering SJW-related things (fat acceptance and the like) online, game-related things (gamergate) and trolling/memes. Unlike the European New Right that it originated from, Alt-Right is not organized and often not disciplined. Some moderate Alt-Rightists like Sargon rarely bring up race, and mostly just spend their time making videos roasting SJWs who are being sillly. He's got one of the biggest Alt-Right channels on youtube, mind you.
Sargon of Mossad is not Alt-Right.
There isn't one but his cognitive dissonance can't let him admit to being a white nationalist so he has to argue that he a different word, that just so happens to be identical to a white nationalist
What is my cognitive dissonance? That I don't like being called a white nationalist because it is equivalent to alt-right, which is a loose set of values to which I ascribe?
You're not fooling anyone so why are you still trying?
Alt-Right = White Nationalism
You seem to not understand what equivalence implies. Alt-Right is white nationalism in the same way that BLM is black nationalism.
Just look at TheGoldenOne on Youtube, and tell me you didn't expect him to be a Trumptard, lol
He's from Sweden and not effected by Trump's domestic policy. He "supports" (the best a foreigner could) Trump because of a few of Donald's statements on the refugee situation in Europe, and a general disdain of Clinton's foreign policy a lot of people have (not that hating her foreign policy makes one automatically like Trump though)
These must be those bot accounts.
White nationalist bots. Didn't know bots considered themselves white. Think it might be because they were programmed by white racists? Or because, like some bots, they learned by following one user, Trump.
Well as we have seen elsewhere these were probably created by Crooked illegally colluding with Super PACs to make Trump look bad.
He doesn't need any help to look bad.
I wonder why then Hillary hired those people to incite those riots then?
Even if your claim is right and gets proven beyond reasonable doubt. Hillary is bad, but running against the only candidate that is worse than her.
It must be some bizarro world where someone who wants to enforce our existing laws is somehow worse than a corrupt criminal.
Still better than the dictatorial orange monkey who who believes climate change is a "Chinese hoax"
Dictatorial? Is he going to force me to buy an insurance product that I do not want or need from a private business? Or force my neighbors daughters to shower with men who think they are women at the local gym? Is he going to force me to create a work of art to celebrate a gay wedding? I have a question about climate change. If the people in government really truly thought it was something dire that the only solution was to take more of our money for themselves via taxes. Why do they impose ethanol mandates on our gasoline? That objectively is significantly worse for the climate. Not only that, they are increasing the mandate from E10 to E15. Why would they do that if climate change is threatening humanity? Why would the people in government do that?
Well 1/3 is close to half. Apologies to Clinton when?
Pepe the frog is a hate symbol. Look he has a swastika on his arm! You can tell its hateful because of the frog.
Pepedidnothingwrong
Gosh the shilling is in maximum damage control mode. People, there are just as many equivalent crazies supporting Hillary as there are Trump. By no means is the bulk of Trump supporters are supremacists - the same goes for the bulk of Hillary supporters and their nutty equivalent. I am a Trump supporter and I am not racist, misogynistic, or xenophobic. And I have many liberal friends that aren't batshit crazy either. Stop with this silliness.
Now lets see the figures for how many Hillary supporters follow folks with far left ideologies like Communists and socialists.
"Jew-S-A!! Jew-S-A!! Jew-S-A!! Jew-S-A!!" /s
What does the S-A mean?
Jewsa is an attempt by white nationalists to co-opt urban slang. They are actually referring to "juicers" ie people who blend most of their daily fruit servings.
It's right twist on USA, and sounds similar. So far I've only heard it with Europeans so surprising it sprung up at a Trump rally It mocks the US by associating it's government, or popular culture, with heavy Jewish influence or control. Sometimes it's a serious accusation the US is run by Jewish conspirators, behind everything from 9-11 to economic laws, to just more of a meme/joke referencing some quirks about the US like an abnormally high infant circumcision rate and the very high approval rate of Israel, that seem very Jewish to some foreigners.
states of america?
Instead of "USA" he says "Jew-S-A", so it doesn't really mean anything.
Don't know where that phrase comes from, but it sounds almost like U-S-A when you say it, so i guess that's what it is.
Trump supporters chanted that at the press last night.
This sounds like bullshit
sounds a bit low. but then there's probably a huge chunk of trump supporters who can't computer none.
and all those botted followers too
Pretty sure it's 100%.
The headline is manifestly untrue. Anyone paying attention could tell that, because it's would be shocking if one third of Trump supporters even *used* Twitter. The article gives a few more details about methodology, and if you read it, you'll end up pretty clear that you'd have to be very cautious about concluding much from this data. Really, the only clearly justified conclusion is that a lot of racist groups support Trump; but no one needed this data to conclude this.
I'm sure they mean Trump's Twitter supporters.
I'd assume this is a sample of trump's Twitter followers only. So yeah, headline is misleading but could be reworded as "a third of trump's Twitter followers also follow white nationalist Twitter accounts.'
What percentage of white nationalists are Trump supporters, 99.9%?
But they're following a white nationalist already; Trump
Who are these hidden white nationalists and how are they defined? I can bet you dollars to donuts they consider FOX "white "nationalist OR A PEPE MEME. This is how media can be faulty when it makes sensational claims backed by nebulous terms that are not defined.
Try reading the fucking article, skippy.
*grasps for straws*
CRT hitting this sub hard.
Being anti affirmative action is considered racist to you guys. If you guys would just listen to Trump supporters and try and make concessions for them instead of calling them racists, Donald Trump wouldnt be in his position right now. You call them white nationalists, but what do you expect fringe people of the white race to do when they have institutional racism working against them?
omg this place is a joke. never change.
This sub has gone off the fucking deep end and lost rational people a long time ago. Usually in an election you want to persuade people. But this sub just alienates anyone not pro-Clinton. It's fucking ridiculous.
> firm Demographics Pro analyzed 10,000 Trump supporters And how were these supporters selected? Trump has 12.7 million twitter followers, and there is no mention that it was a random selection, so what's going on here?
Yea, Esquire also tried naming and shaming celebs who didn't publicly state they support Clinton. This lefty piece of shit magazine cannot be trusted on anything except gossip
I am Jack's complete lack of surprise.
My grandparents had affluence – who cares if they were a bit racist
Sounds contagious!
shower them with buckets of kfc
No way in hell 1/3 of trump supporters are on Twitter
I don't know a single Trump supporter that even HAS Twitter.
So ALL his Twitter supporters are bots?
lol
So 1/3 of trumps twitter followers also follow white nationalists?
I really don't believe anything that is using Twitter as a data source. Just way too easy to make a bunch of fake accounts. in fact, Trump supporters were [doing this before](http://www.mediaite.com/online/hundreds-of-fake-twitter-accounts-really-really-like-donald-trump/) - what's to stop Clinton supporters from doing the same thing? also: LOTS of twitter accounts exist solely to be obnoxious trolls. tl; dr = twitter is a lake of wet shit
They look like a reasonable bunch... :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LbJ_IJdB0ek
This is a pretty dumb study. But I love that it brings the trumpettes out in droves. It's like all of a sudden they care about science and how scientific research works.
Oh come on, I follow a lot of stupid people just to see what they have to say. I'm sure most people do.
Twitter has become a cesspool, I probably have thousands of accounts blocked.
Like Reddit.
Pretty much :/
I doubt 1/3 of Trump supporters even use Twitter. They tend to be Facebook users.
Lmao, I'm sure they used a similar criteria for white nationalist as the SPLC does to determine "anti-Muslim extremists" like Maajid Nawaz and Ayaan Hirsi Ali.
That basket is pretty full.
We gotta stop with the guilt by association. You should feel completely free to follow whoever you want on twitter whether it's your favorite author or al-Baghdadi. This is the freedom we fight for.
This election my old polish Granny, a woman I luckily share no blood with and who firmly stays in the extended parts of my family, came out swinging by saying she wishes Hitler was still in power, that the blacks ruined America, and that she hopes all the muslims get burned alive "So even if we kill the good ones that at least we can kill the bad ones too." Apparently Hitler ran his country like a clock and it was perfect with no problems except for him declaring too much war. Now I can officially say, with no uncertain measure, that I firmly believe that the people supporting Trump represent the worst my country has to offer.
I would have guessed a higher percentage but it still doesn't surprise me..
I cannot as a moderate republican let Trump and these supporters ruin the GOP. I am voting for Hillary and likely Republican down ballot.
LOL sorry you're getting downvoted by incredibly salty trumpets that have been triggered by different opinions. I'll give you an upvote.
I'm sorry your party has been hijacked by racist hatemongers. As a liberal democrat, I truly do hope you can take back your party. You deserve a voice for smaller, more efficient government and not one exclusively for racism and hate.
The GOP *is* for racism and hate, and when it comes to *smaller, more efficient government* as you put it, that means anti LGBT anti women's rights and anti personal freedom. Maybe an imbecile like Trump is a good choice for you
No its not. They make up 40ish percent of the electorate. Trump is a babbling incoherent lunatic tho
>as a liberal Democrat Jesus, at least read the post before you insult someone's intelligence. I'm not, nor would I ever CONSIDER voting for the racist circus peanut. And it is, but it *shouldn't be*. Put your bias aside and understand that our country is made better through reasonable opposition and not the shit we have now.
> Maybe an imbecile like Trump is a good choice for you
Because I think healthy intelligent opposition is somehow preferable to angry shouting racism...? Do you even know what you're arguing, or is this some Trumpet reverse psychology?
My local down-ballot Republican candidate is even worse than Trump. I'm voting for 4 years of Clinton so that Kasich can have the best shot of becoming president in 2020.
Kasich is a pretty cool dude and I would consider voting for him if Trump wasn't such a threat.
I'd check out which Republicans on your ballot have endorsed or promised to vote for Trump first.
Not only that, check it just before you go to vote. Seems like many of them can't quite decide if they want to fish or cut bait. Like Chaffetz in Utah. The **little fucking weasel**
The future of American conservatism may not involve the GOP. Whether the party purges its white-nationalist deplorables or not, the coalition that's kept it central to American politics is broken. If they can't rope in some minority demographic - *any* minority demographic, besides their sole firewall of uneducated white Christians - then that mishmash opposition will never win another national election. Some third party will start eating their lunch and FPTP will force a new two-party balance.
Trump did better in open primaries, True Conservatism Inc. lacks the popularity to win national elections.
White supremacists who never vote showed up to vote for him. Most Trump primary voters had never voted in a primary before. True Conservatism Inc getting stuck with him as their nominee is the only reason he's polling above 10%.
So there were enough White supremacists for Trump to win the Republican primary? It seems like they are the most powerful group in the GOP then.
Only if you ignore how numbers work. Enjoy your alt-right fantasy, though.
Enlighten us as to how you think the numbers work... LOL.
Wow gee this is desperate
10000 is hardly a representative sample in this case
Why?
10,000 is more than large enough for an answer of "one third" to be statistically significant.
I also saw a headline that one third of trump tweeters are bots
Of course, according to these liberal researcher children, not being liberal constitutes racism in and of itself.
Oh, ***GASP*** What a SHOCK! I could have never predicted that the hateful, small minded, racist deplorables supporting Trump are horrible, awful human beings.
I too am COMPETELY SHOCKED! Tbh I truly am amazed that Trump is even part of this election cycle though... It's made me wake up to how sick and delusional so many "americans" truly are.
Really appreciating all this propaganda
Were those who follow accounts such as 'dank_memes' with pepe in profile pic counted?
Just because you follow someone on Twitter doesn't mean you like/support that person. I follow lots of different people on twitter - many that I don't agree with or share their views. Example, I follow both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump on twitter. One I'm voting for, the other I'm not. You can't judge a person by who they follow.
Mike Cernovich is a 'white nationalist'. TIL. Z^Z^Z
My research finds that the definition of white nationalist is who ever the left doesnt like
Over a third of Hillary Clinton's followers on Twitter are bots. Actually more than that.
1/5.
Pay close attention to the wording here. White *nationalists*, not white supremacists. And most of Hillary's people are supporting old white billionaire globalists by supporting her. So there.
If you're a white person and you're not self-loathing, you're a "racist" according to these emotional infants.
and over a third of Hillary supporters dont even exist
A fifth.
Implying there is anything wrong with being white, or a nationalist.
Yes, and people against the Black Panthers are implying there's something wrong with being black, or a panther.
what a hilariously pathetic sub this has turned into.
Wow, y'all Hillary supporters are really reaching now... a story on people following an account on twitter..? Really?
And this is why this subreddit is now a joke.
im sorry but this is bullshit. There is no way that this is even remotely true. I dislike Trump as much as the next sane person, but this is a fucking joke story.
And just think how many *would* follow white nationalists if they *had* Twitter - probably 100% /s. "Trump's campaign has said they don't want white nationalists on their team, but according to this garbage study done with nonsense variables, 1 in 3 Trump supporters are white nationalists." Thanks for the update, news outlet, you're really making the world a clearer place
But this is actually in no way what the article said. Besides, who the fuck do people think racists would support out of these choices? Liberal lady who's been working with the black guy for 8 years, or the white "conservative" guy who wants to get rid of the Mexicans and the Muslims? Let's stop acting like this is a crazy conclusion to come to.
i'm not white and I'm a trump supporter. Please stop with forcing this narrative down our throats! I love my white friends. If anything, I've actually been violently attacked by blacks and mexicans and have never been violently assaulted by whites. I don't care what whites believe or feel, I care what they do and they don't bother me. Trump 2016
Keep in mind a 3rd of all pro Trump twitter accounts are bots. That means that 1/3rd of his followers are fake, 1/3rd are white nationalists, and 1/3rd are not. It follows that 1/2 of all Trump supporters are racists who support him for racial reasons. It's not surprising as Trump himself has said America needs more hate
Your math and critical thinking skills are pretty poor if you actually believe that.
Well that is some terrible math right there.
That's bad math. Some of the 1/3 that follow white nationalists could also be bot accounts.
Weird that only 16 out of 10,000 clinton supporters followed the white supremes though right?
I don't know how significant this is. I follow a lot of weird people on twitter just because their insane rambling entertains me. That doesn't mean I support or agree with them.
Follow for follow, nothing amazing.
Added some just to piss off this sub.
So do the other two thirds not follow Trump or?
But I thought most of the Trump supporters on Twitter were bots??!!
1/3 according to PBS.
So?
See where this 'all trump supports are racist' narrative gets you.
...that you polled. You forgot that last bit. But please espouse facts of which you cannot validate on a full statistical level because profit.
Plot twist: The other two-thirds don't know how to use computers.
I can't imagine the number is nearly that high. I think the vast majority of these people are just "I'm with stupid" and indeed sly following these white nationalists/Russians/Reddit bots. The whole thing is really an insult to the intelligence of the entire country.
Surprising ...I thought this would be more like 85-90% trump supporters who are white supremacists...
Hmm, that's just more proof Trump is really a nazi scumbag like his followers. I mean people of a certain group want to live with eachother in their own place. Man that's so fucking evil. Unimaginable. If whites were to live together, another Holocaust would probably happen. Evil whites.
Winning.
Dang, it's a shame that enjoying the opinion of someone who loves their country and also happens to be white is something noteworthy and apparently negative to bloodthirsty liberals.
sounds about right. third are bots, third are white nationalists, and the final third are die hard Republicans who despise Hillary/Obama coalition Democrats.
Has anybody notice every single article in the top 10 is directed @ Trump. not a fan of the guy but come on Reddit.
I don't understand whats so racist about being a racist.
It's easy to make way too much of this. Over a third of Trump's followers on Twitter are bots. They are all intertwined with white nationalism and Russian disinformation. The story here is not that 1/3 of Trump's followers follow white nationalists as if you can then infer the same thing about his real human, American voter base. The story is that Russian disinformation is all up in Trump's twitter feed and followers. The other story is that Trump and the Trump campaign sometimes retweets stuff from white nationalists or Russian disinformation bots/agents.
Not a fan or anything but this is a ridiculous headline that should read: "In a study of 10,000 twitter users who support Trump, over a third were found to be also following at least one of ten white nationalist accounts." It's not like a third of his supporters are even on twitter, super misleading.
Misleading as all hell, but it's still got over 2,000 upvotes at the moment. Doesn't matter to Clinton supporters if it's true or not, they just want their team to win.
as opposed to? I don't disagree I just don't get why people get weirded out by it.
I don't know any white nationalists, I guess David's Duke is the only one I've ever heard of.
Mike Cernovich, Richard Spencer and Ramzpaul are the only ones from the list worth following in my opinion.
I don't follow many people on twitter, I mostly use it to post pictures of food I'm preparing or to live steam talk about tv shows I'm watching.
If you know people voting for Trump, you most certainly do.
Well I don't agree with you on that, however, I'm not real sure who people I know are voting for, I don't talk about it with them. My family here is all Mexican and some are vocal about support for Clinton. My wife and one kid are voting for Clinton, I'm not sure about my other kid. I don't really talk politics with people irl.
Almost everybody knows a white nationalist. They just don't know it. Believe it or not, it's not something people tend to advertise openly.
So 100% of Clinton supporters follow a white nationalist on Twitter?
False equivalency. This article specifically looks at Trump supporters who follow **known** white supremacists who are open about their beliefs. That is different than someone following a coworker or acquaintance who might harbor white supremacist ideas but does not broadcast them publicly.
So it's ok to follow secret white supremacists. When they admit it, that's a problem.
Don't you love it when a point goes completely over your head?
You're out of your element, Donnie.
Solid attempt./s
I don't know how this study defines "white nationalist" though. Is it self-proclaimed white nationalists or anybody that the research company deemed one?
wewlad
So 2/3 of them don't follow trump on twitter? He is the most white nationalist white nationalist I have ever seen. The way you guys pretend that the republican party isn't the political arm of the KKK amazes me..it is a lesson in national denial.
The KKK was a rabidly anti-catholic, anti-semetic and white supremacist group. For one thing, the GOP has plenty of Catholics, including bible-thumping nuts like Santorum. The GOP is staunchly pro-Israel and polls show they have the second highest opinion of Jews outside of Jews themselves, and the highest approval of Jews of any political party outside of Israel. Beyond that, the KKK has dwindled to a geriatric scattering of tired old members and FBI informants. They've become a disproportional scapegoat for people with an entry-level understanding of American race politics, relative to how little power they have today So aside from Republicans not sharing their platform, and the fact Republicans outnumber them probably 500,000 to one Republicans to Klansmen, actual, real racist groups hate or dislike the GOP. Yes, they refer to them as Kosher Conservatives at best, and much meaner names at worst. Trumps jingoistic populism aside, as part of the 2012 autopsy the GOP has also been feverishly trying to become more multi-racial, which is why those like Cain and Carson are such rock stars in their party.
You clearly have no idea what white nationalism or the KKK is if you think that the Republican party as a whole represents either.
You clearly havent been paying attention the past 18 months
lol
You clearly have no idea what the KKK did.
You obviously didnt see his campaign manager defending the ant-semetic conduct at his rally just yesterday. Unplug your ears.
https://twitter.com/CNN/status/792726501330485248?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw That doesn't sound like defending
>You clearly have no idea what the KKK did. They took over the GOP, that's what they did. [“The reason a lot of Klan members like Donald Trump is because a lot of what he believes in, we believe in,” KKK Imperial Wizard says](http://www.thewrap.com/ku-klux-klan-leader-endorses-donald-trump-for-president-video/)
Depress black turnout? Because the RNC is doing that.
The KKK strung black people up from trees and burned them.
The KKK had 2 million members at one point. You think that all members, ever, were solely just lynching people, all the time?
Do you think all Nazis were busy constantly burning and killing Jews? Lots of them spent their time devising new infrastructure projects and stimulating the economy. You don't see me calling Democrats Nazis because they want to do those things, do you? I don't understand why this fallacious reasoning is allowed to stand.
Quick reminder that it was the Democrats who were also Klansmen
Mmm hmm. Those liberal segregationist, southern Democrats, right?
Well, the Republican Party as a whole isn't supporting Trump either.
While that might be true of the GOP in the past, their cynical use of "Southern Strategy" politicking has gotten out of control. It no longer matters what *most* Republicans *might* believe; the inmates now run the asylum.
I dunno. Like, 25 years ago the Repubs in Louisiana coordinated an anti-David Duke campaign after he made it into the runoff phase of the gubernatorial race against Edwin Edwards. The bumpersticker phrase was "vote for the crook, it's important." Where are those bumper stickers, now?
Duke is polling at under 5%, they don't need them.
Where are the equivalent bumper stickers for Trump, was the implication
Thank you for contextualizing that. I had heard the expression, but I didn't know it was the Republicans campaigning against Duke.
He's capitalizing on white nationalism, but there are definitely people who spout more potent hate. The real problem with trump is that he has packaged it in a way that more people feel comfortable buying it. He has and will continue to embolden people who foster this kind of awful hate. Trump has given them an excuse to take what was once somewhat shameful and private to a lot of people and bring it out in to the open. It is all disguised as legitimate concern about the country, terrorism, and Clintons transparency.
>He is the most white nationalist white nationalist I have ever seen. If you think Trump is the perfect example of white nationalism, then you simply aren't aware of the white nationalism movement and what it stands for.
Hillary is circling the toilet keep trying /r/politics . Look at all the shit posts you guys upvote, such a dumpster of a sub. Just keep throwing shit at the wall.
This sub will upvote *anything*
Today its * Trump is a nazi * Trump voters are nazis
You mean these upstanding individuals? http://www.indystar.com/story/news/crime/2015/04/23/muncie-naacp-president-held-in-cocaine-probe/26241305/
The anti trump, pro liberal bias in the media is entirely made up. This is in no way just another example of a consistent media blitz against Trump. Nothing to see here, move along.
I am a Trump supporter and not a white nationalist. All I want are fair trade deals that keep Americans employed, secure borders, and fiscally-conservative economic policies, among a few other things. Is that so unreasonable? Instead of winning me over to your side, you are alienating me. I don't feel like I have a place in Liberal America when propaganda is pushed on a daily basis linking me to white nationalism. You think that I'll succumb to your agenda out of fear I'll be labeled a "racist". It will not work on us because we see through your trivial identity politics. You want people to be scared of us and it will not work. People are waking up to the desperation of the media and the Clinton campaign. Every day more and more people become immune to your attacks. You're rats who will say anything to keep our movement down and people afraid of us. The reality is that we are everyday hardworking Americans who believe in very reasonable things. You can scream over and over through a megaphone that we're Grand Wizards, but the people you're telling this to know us as their friends and family. They know we're good people and they know you're liars trying to caricature us. 2 + 2 does not equal 5, no matter how many millions of dollars are pumped into a Super PAC. Another thing to keep in mind: Hillary Clinton is currently under criminal investigation.
Nobody called you racist. All that means is you're one of the 2/3 of supporters who don't follow white supremacists on Twitter. One thing is for sure, though: Nothing triggers a trump supporter like saying the word "racists" in any context.
>All I want are fair trade deals that keep Americans employed, secure borders, and fiscally-conservative economic policies, among a few other things. Is that so unreasonable? That is not so unreasonable. Believing that voting for Trump is the best way to accomplish those outcomes is *very* unreasonable. None of his actual, specific policy proposals would accomplish any of those things, and he's done nothing to demonstrate that he has the experience, competency, or temperament to accomplish them once in office. > I don't feel like I have a place in Liberal America when propaganda is pushed on a daily basis linking me to white nationalism. Accurate statistics are not 'propaganda'. As a liberal, I am causally linked to people with beliefs I hate - anti-nuclear people, anti-GMO people, a wide variety of fiscal naivete's. Although I got out of my way to denounce these members of my own party, I do have to admit that we share a platform and that my attempts to empower the liberal agenda overall will inevitably lead to their agendas also being empowered, at least a little bit. This saddens me, but it is the only rational choice given the pragmatic realities of our two-party system and what I perceive as the much worse dysfunction on the other side. If you wish to take responsibility for your actions, you should have the courage to look at the available evidence and make the same admission. Trump *is* loved by white supremacists, they are in your party with you and fighting for the same macro-level outcome as you in the election. If you get what you want, what you are actively fighting for, their agendas will also be empowered and advanced. It may be that given your values and beliefs about the other issues you mentioned, this is still the most rational choice for you to make. But you shouldn't be indignant when people point out the obvious moral compromise involved in your choices.
Sorry but you've been so brainwashed for so long that there's no time to persuade you now, to pull you over to the side of right. But more attention and persuasion does need to be directed toward about 90% of Trump supporters. But no time now. You've self-selected the bad guy. You should look in the mirror. And if you can't ignore the lies about Hillary you should vote for a third party candidate.
>you've been so brainwashed Because anyone supporting the other side is not?
The ironing is delicious. - Bart Simpson
How am I brainwashed? What lies are there about Hillary? That's pretty insulting for you to tell me to look in the mirror because I support the opposing candidate. You can't even concede that there are legitimate reasons I support Trump?
Tbf you called Hillary supporters rats, arguably a bit more insulting.
No. There can't be legitimate reasons to support a man who was recorded bragging about assaulting women.
I listed a number of reasons. In the quote he directly says "they let you do it." I would say that implies consent. Can you please answer my questions? I asked you how I am brainwashed and what lies there are about Hillary.
It implies consent if the girls said they let him do it He isnt allowed to define their consent, only they can
"Another thing to keep in mind: Hillary Clinton is currently under criminal investigation." And trump has scheduled trials for fraud and child rape. What of it.
Source on those claims?
We're not the ones linking you to white nationalism. That's your own canidate. He has a bad habit of retweeting actual white nationalist and their obvious false [postings](http://www.factcheck.org/2015/11/trump-retweets-bogus-crime-graphic/). Or his racist remarks (Ms. Housekeeping, really), and constant racist dog whistling about how us poor Blacks and Latinos need him to save us from a our desolate ghettos and ourselves. You want to blame somebody for linking you to white nationalism, blame the damn candidate you chose to support.
Of course when you define a frog as a white nationalist.
What's the point of this hit piece? We've been called racists fifty times a day for the last year. We don't care about what mean names you come up for us anymore.
What's wrong with being a nationalist? All I see here is racists moaning about white people AGAIN.
what's wrong with KKK? wow
So all white people are as bad as the kkk. Got it.
What are you talking about? We are talking about white nationist, not white people
You're confusing "nationalists" with "supremacists", you dolt.
You don't know KKK is built from white nationalism??
"*no racist, no racist, you're the racist!*"
do you hillary supporters not know about her corruption, or just don't care about the country?
We don't believe it. I'm old enough to remember all the lies about President Clinton. This is just more of the same. In fact the hatred of the right convinces me Hillary is on my side. They hate people who might cost them money. And I hope she does.
despite the piles of irrefutable evidence included in the emails? "oh they are forged" nope. thanks to a little something called DKIM authorization we can verify their authenticity. the difference is the speculation around Bill was just that, speculation. Hillary is CONFIRMED to have commited various federal crimes such as SUPERPAC coordination, destruction of evidence and intentionally causing civil unrest and legally should not be able to run. you think she stands up for gay rights? sure, her campaign does, but her private opinion (as exposed in her emails) is not so LGBT-friendly. the hatred of the right? i'm sorry but this is a very generalized term. there's a lot of hatred coming from the left, also. just the other day there was a video of a homeless women being harrassed and assaulted by a group of Hillary supporters for defending Trumps hollywood star. how many deaths is Hillary Clinton responsible for? how many more deaths will she be responsible for if elected president? Vladimir Putin himself said: "you vote for Trump, you vote for peace. you vote for Clinton, you vote for war." just remember this, a vote for Hillary is a vote for a Kaine presidency. she doesn't have much time left, especially considering WikiLeaks has her illegally deleted emails “And as I've mentioned, we've all been quite content to demean government, drop civics and in general conspire to produce an unaware and compliant citizenry. The unawareness remains strong but compliance is obviously fading rapidly. This problem demands some serious, serious thinking - and not just poll driven, demographically-inspired messaging.” https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/3599
So you don't remember the 90s
Hillary supporter here and only by default. She is mildly corrupt, over-secretive and a definitely more so than anything else has an entitlement issue along with her inner circle. Her flaws make here seem more corrupt than she actually is. I believe she walks on eggshells and has been for a long time. I believe every single politician has done something we would consider corrupt but they consider business as usual. The reason she would be a decent president is that regardless I believe her ego would not allow her to do a bad job. There are always those people that everybody fears or hates because they are secretive or not an open book but she is not a danger to the USA. She will just keep things running business as usual which to me is a good thing and got us this far. Trump is promoting radical change which is always bad no matter what the change is especially for the greatest country in the damn world. Yes, we are still that. Trump is a pure fascist and he can't help it because that is in his personality. His first order of business if elected will be to literally do everything in his power to get revenge on everyone who wronged him. He will abuse authority and his power and his supporters and republicans will fall in line because unlike Hillary, Trump will have more power over the direction this country goes from day 1. He will completely destroy America as we know it which will be good to some and bad to anyone with any sense of dignity. End rant.
no radical change? you mean her dreams of completely open borders? you mean her extremely aggressive stance against Russia? Putin himself said if she doesn't change her stance then war is a strong possibility. she's delivered on basically none of her promises in her entire career as sec. of state. can you tell me why you think that will change if she's elected President? and mildly corrupt is an understatement. she's the most corrupt politician the modern west has ever seen, and DEFINITELY the most corrupt politician to have ever been a front-runner in the presidential elections. a vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for Goldman Sachs to run your country. do you really want somebody who has made the majority of their net worth from war to run one of the largest superpowers in the world? do you really want somebody who values currency over human life? (see Benghazi)
Well "mildly corrupt" is one way to put it.
Statistics also show that 100% of esquire articles are complete and utter garbage
You guys are so desperate now that the Clinton Foundation is under FBI investigation
do we point out that trumps charity was shown to not be a charity at all or that trump is under investigation as well for numerous things? or is that inconvenient for a narrative
Clinton followed a KKK member IRL (and cited him as her mentor) research finds
14 points behind little buddy. Madam President for 8 years, tiger. hahaha
NAACP is white nationalist group confirmed./s
A former KKK member who renounced his previous beliefs.
Yeah he's a pretty chill dude now
Even before he died he was pretty chill for quite a long time.
Decades earlier. This post has a lot of visitors from r/The_Asshole, apparently.
lol. of course, this research doesn't mention him having a change of character, working many years for equality and being eulogized by the naacp when he died.
Imagine if Trump idolized this guy like she did. "Trump follows white nationalist on twitter!"
It's not even remotely the same, and The_Donald continually trying to make her friendship with Robert Byrd out to be a bad thing just makes you all look like lying children.
I am Jack's complete lack of surprise. Fascist is as fascist does, after all.
So, Hillary was only off by about 20% then?
Seriously? 1/3? That's bull. How would they even have the time to get all the trump supporters in the u.s and track who they follow? And then there's the older generation which is A LOT that doesn't even use twitter.. seriously just click bait.
twitter has an api. it's not that hard, just takes a bit of programming.
Every single Trump supporter is on twitter?
This is my main point a lot of people don't have twitter especially the older generation.
White nationalist? From what country? Whiteland?
Yeah and under 2/3 of us don't...
Wait, so 40-45% of Americans that can vote = say, 15% of Americans... so tens of millions of Trump supporters are registered on Twitter and are white supremacist supporters? If you think this headline was *accidentally* made to be misleading, you are wrong. The problem here is that this is a perfect example of why people are losing trust in the media and in journalists, they know a story like this is deceptive, misleading, and probably full of a lot of bullshit. This is exactly what is wrong with the media this year, this story. They just need to stop this.
And comey potentially just gave their leader a path to victory
Well it is Obama's fault for being black. /s
The Study included the "Alt-Right" hashtag as White Nationalism and a number of other users who have race-centric views and openly defend against anti-white sentiments in the same fashion as similar NAACP groups. I imagine over a third of Clinton supporters are following Black Nationalists on Twitter if I were to conclude Black Nationalism with BLM or NAACP groups.
hmm well you'd be an idiot if you thought that, whereas the alt-right is pretty nakedly white nationalist.
I'm honestly inclined to give him a pass there. Many people don't know that the alt-right is a white nationalist movement. You have people like Milo Yianoidjfiowjfwolis claiming to be alt-right and pushing for civic nationalism which is not at all what the alt-right is. So it's possible he's just confused about the definitions.
You people think anyone who doesn't want endless immigration is a white nationalist though so yeah, we all follow Trump so I suppose by your standards it's 100%.
Who believes this garbage?
i know, it's got to be substantially more. most of them probably "can't computer none", which drops the numbers.
Of the ten accounts involved in the study, one single account has almost 50% of the followers. That account isn't a white nationalist account. Another account with approx 10% of the remaining followers has softly rejected the white nationalist label, instead claiming they're an "american" nationalist, holding the view that the US should largely but not absolutely adhere to judeo-christian values, culture and remain an english speaking country. It's still an inherently racist ideology in terms of their views on demographic makeup/cultural sancitity "I don't want 20 million mexicans here, but i also don't want 20 million white russians either" but they explicitly refute white supremacy and white nationalism as their ideology. So a subset of 10k people (the selection method of which wasn't disclosed) from a total of what? 12-14 million-ish was found to include 3k people that followed any of 10 accounts which were classified as white nationalists of which one account certainly and one account potentially (which combined total approximately 50% of followers) are not white nationalists. The proportion of the 3k that follow those two accounts (or any other data) isn't disclosed. So what does the study tell you? For this ambiguously chosen set of 10k people, an indeterminate number follow a white nationalist, an indeterminate number do not. 7k explicitly do not. tldr: This source is bullshit. Go ahead and hate trump and his supporters all you want. Don't use dipshit bogus studies as ammo though.
My bullshit detector. IS OFF THE CHARTS...
This is laughable. The mods try too hard in this sub to push the hillary agenda and cover up the fbi investigation/wikileaks. This sub is good for nothing. No real politics or debate. Just mud slinging and shills.
Correcting the record hard with this thread, pay no attention to that reopened FBI investigation into Hillary's law breaking.. it's probably just Russia's doing
Pay no attention to the political attack by a republican who's supposed to act in a fair, non-partisan manner, but didn't.
Is it rigged?
this is what happens when stupid people try to do research you know people such as the majority of this site these are the same idiots that think marijuana cures cancer and have a cure for aids
Pepe again?? Fucking hell folks.
Meaningless claim because lord knows what constitutes a white nationalist anymore. Maajid Nawaz is now listed as an "anti-Muslim extremist" by the SPLC. Leftists are delusional.
Since when is it wrong to be a nationalist
Just call everything racist. It's easier than thinking.
So out of Trump's millions of twitter followers they picked 10,000 and one third of that 10,000 not the whole number of 12.8 million follow what Esquire considers a white nationalist. It should be noted that most libertarian and conservative groups that are active are considered hate groups by the SPLC. I once heard a SPLC lecturer call them "freedom extremists". No wonder million of people consider the media corrupt with bullshit stories like this its easy to see why.
Statistics.
How many Clinton supporters follow BLM? How many Stein supporters follow @GarlicBreadMemes? Yet another worthless article posted on /r/FuckDrumpfLiterallyHitlerBabyRapist oh I mean /r/politics
But of course every other race can be proud of their heritage without question. Unless you're white, then you're literally Hitler who wants to exterminate all the non-whites. Evil whitey!
White nationalism is not about being proud of your heritage, it's about believing themselves superior and wanting to discriminate and even kill those they deem inferior. White is not a heritage. You can be proud of being Irish, Italian, Swedish, or anything else, but people from those places have very different cultures and would not like to be grouped together like that. Many minorities take pride in their ancestry because they are alienated and marginalized. And some, like most African-Americans, don't even know where in Africa their ancestors came from, so all they have is black American culture. A minority being proud of their culture is fighting back against shame and othering, something white people treated as the default and the majority do not face.
Can you give me an example of a time someone got mad at you for being proud of your heritage?
Go to the average WN forun. Count the number of racial slurs. The problem with white nationalists is that they seem to be much more about how much they hate "muds" than about how much they love their heritage. Other groups can be just as bad, but they don't have the numbers or the influence, so they're viewed as less of a threat.
You should look up what white nationalism means. It doesn't mean being proud of your heritage.
A misleading title post by a Hillary supporter on /r/politics? Colour me fucking shocked.
says the guy who frequently posts in t_d
http://www.slate.com/blogs/the_slatest/2016/06/29/reuters_hillary_clinton_supporters_are_pretty_racist_too.html Hillary Clinton supporters aren't too rosy themselves.
Did you even read the article? "Among all respondents" means the overall (white) population: the poll questions were presumably directed at white respondents about their opinions of blacks, (i.e., would be rather pointless to ask black respondents if they thought themselves to be more lazy, rude, violent, etc., than whites.) If you exaime poll results, the overall (white) population are fairly racist. Based on the poll, about 22.5 to 32.8 percent of US white population are racist, about 33.3 to 50 percent of Trump supporters are racist, and about about 22 to 33.3 percent of white Clinton supporters are racist. That means, **the percentages of Hillary's racist (white) supporters are actually *lower* than the percentages of *overall* racist white supporters in the population.** >Roughly one-third of Trump supporters described blacks as less “intelligent” than whites, compared with about one-fifth of Clinton supporters who did the same. Among all respondents, 22.5 percent suggested whites were smarter than blacks. > >40 percent of Trump supporters described blacks as more “lazy” than whites, compared with one-quarter of Clinton supporters who did the same. Among all respondents, 26.8 percent suggested whites were harder working than blacks. > >44 percent of Trump supporters described blacks as more “rude” than whites, compared with 30 percent of Clinton supporters who did the same. Among all respondents, 31.3 percent said whites were more well mannered than blacks. > >Nearly half of all Trump supporters described blacks as more “violent” than whites, compared with nearly one-third of Clinton supporters who did the same. Among all respondents, 32.8 percent said whites were less violent than blacks. > >Nearly half of all Trump supporters described blacks as more “criminal” than whites, compared with nearly one-third of Clinton supporters who did the same. Among all respondents, 33.2 percent said whites were more lawful than blacks.
Desperation is a stinky cologne, esquire.
>These results aren't considerably surprising considering the trajectory of Trump's campaign over the past year. Take, for example, the Anti-Defamation league officially recognizing Pepe the Frog as a hate symbol after it was hijacked by alt-right, Trump-supporting white nationalists. translation: Results arent surprising because some random group decided a cartoon was a hate symbol. Mad journalism. Lets not also forget that only 3 of the 10 white nationalist groups in the study are classified as 'white nationalists' according to their own criteria.
>because ~~some random group~~ Hillary decided a cartoon was a hate symbol and some random group backed her up because everything she says is always true 100% of the time
Did the leftists cry when most of the black Obama supporters were black nationalists or racist against white people? Remember the black panthers patrolling voting stations in black neighbourhoods during Obama's two election cycles? Actually I might as well just be talking to the wall because all I'll get are snarky HillSh*lls replying or just mass down voting as per usual. Oh yeah, what happened to the mega thread regarding Hillary's latest scandal? Was it hindering the agenda pushing of this shite hole of a sub?
Search "white nationalism" on Wikipedia you will find its an evil hateful way of life but searching "black nationalism" reveals perfectly clean and legit struggle for identity...I think whites have the right to wanna retain their culture and identity just as much as any race does. Being a white nationalist does not mean you're a racist.
If the dominant paradigm in the west right now wasn't viciously anti-white, maybe white people wouldn't be forced into tribalism and racial consciousness. But it is, and they are.
Again. At least your honest. Not true at all, but you are honest.
Identity politics is regularly used to divide the left and to divide the working class.
http://www.haaretz.com/world-news/u-s-election-2016/1.749153
of course just by supporting trump they are all racist white supremacist piles of crap
If you follow somebody on Twitter, does that mean you also subscribe to their beliefs? If not, then this headline is meaningless.
Without expounded precisely what the traffic consists of and who is behind it, this doesn't say much. For instance, bot activity is mentioned in the article, which ties into this relevant thread from twelve days ago [Study: Bots accounted for a third of all pro-Trump Twitter activity during the debate](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/58113f/study_bots_accounted_for_a_third_of_all_protrump/).
youdontsay.jpeg
rightfully so
Cernocheck: Hoax
This is total BS
Well over a third of Hillary supporters are sexist because they only voted for Hillary in the primaries because she's a woman.
Or voted for her because she wasn't Trump.
The comment was about the people that voted for Crooked Hillary in the primaries, not general.
lol what the fuck.... that is nonsense
Twitter + research = 
The liberal crooked globalists went after Pepe. That was the last straw
This Article is LOW ENERGY,!! FOLKS
I like how vague "White Nationalist" is. Could be anyone from Ted Nugent to fucking Arnold Schwarzenegger for all we know.
Following a pro white nationalist account does not make one a racist. Are leftist racist for following Black Lives Matters accounts? They hate white people. 1/3 leftist must be racist as well then.
> Following a pro white nationalist account does not make one a racist. 3,500 Trump supporters followed pro white nationalist accounts 16 Hillary supporters followed the same accounts For reference, here are the accounts: David Duke, Jason Bergkamp, Mary Whittier, AltRight, Richard Spencer, Mike Cernovich, Paul Ramsey, Jess Lynn, Suthern_boy, Ann Kelly
16 CLINTON SUPPORTERS?!?!?!?! OMG CAN U BELIEVE THOSE RACIST LIEBERALS?!?!?!?! ALSO EMAILS BENGHAZI SECRET MUSLIM JAMES OKEEFE /trumpsupporter
Mike Cernovich, who accounts for 40-50% of followers total in the study (actual number of the 3k following him that the study counts as white nationalists impossible to determine but likely very high) is not a white nationalist. Paul Ramsey also has disputed being called a white nationalist. He accounts for ~10% of the remaining followers when you exclude Cernovich's count. Ramsey is probably still racist enough to count, maybe. Not super up on his beliefs. But he's explicitly said he's not a white nationalist/supremacist. So a total of 3.5k out of a sample, chosen god knows how of 10k from a total pool of almost 13 million followed at least one of ten accounts, one of which definitely and one of which likely doesn't fit the criteria for being white nationalists. The proportion of users that follow the falsely labelled account(s) is unknown but likely high.
> Following a pro white nationalist account does not make one a racist. This is correct. It makes one a fascist.
No it doesn't. I follow Hillary Clinton and I absolutely despise her. Am I a Clinton supporter?
> I absolutely despise her. > Am I a Clinton supporter? What an incredibly stupid question to ask...
Missing the point: you.
Ah our daily article calling millions of trump supporters racists/bigots/etc. never change guys.
I agree with this guy, I mean we know this. We don't need it to be confirmed over and over.
Just calling it like we see it!
Don't look at the emails , look over here! Look over here. Truly pathetic
even though the emails have already been ruled without penalty and the case isnt being reopened like eveyone thought
I wonder how many Hillary supporters follow BLM and Sharia Law figures?
The truth hurts.
Ah, Esquire. The national pinnacle of journalistic investigate integrity and non-partisan factual reporting. Man Clinton supporters really will use literally anything as "evidence" nowadays to try and distract people from their candidate being the first criminal presidential candidate.
So would 1/3 of Hillary supporters follow black nationalists? Research finds?
Pepe was an experiment to see if the liberal SJWs would label ANYTHING a symbol of hate. They chose the most absurd image available - Pepe the Frog. Sure enough, the SJWs and Liberals, even Hllary Clinton called him a symbol of hate. Remember "Alt Right" crap speech? To sum it up, this article is propaganda and assumes you are ignorant.
Unbelievable click-bait horseshit. Just seriously. People need to get a life. When "Pepe" is a white nationalist symbol, then I guess all white people are probably white nationalists, too. This is some of the most disgraceful, trashy garbage.
So? Donald Trump is not a white supremacist. Just because they vote for him doesn't make him one.
Msm reclassifying founding fathers as a white nationalist hate group
Just when I think I've heard it all...
Explain
They were racist and owned slaves
In a sense, they were Nazi's, right?
they shared some common views, such as the white race being superior to others
The only reason slavery doesnt exist more than it does is because of those men and others like them. They wante dtogetrid of it all immddiatley but couldnt get unity from the southern territories which were more tied to the crown if they did. And did you know there were more white slaves from ireland than black slaves from africa during the revolution? I can see the schools and media are teaching hate and division to drive the people of the united states apart just like George Soros does in every country he wants to cause a civil war in so he can take over. The kings sure as hell didnt care about slaves and neither did the bankers Those men risked their lives to found the worlds first country based on individual feedoms and rights for people. They did more to stop mistreatment of people than you ever could in your whole life. And because of what they did the people of france rose up and established democracy in their nation as well and it spread to all of europe. Stop watching Hollywood garbage designed to divide us by race and sex. We are all americans.
You do know America was founded in 1776 and the Civil War started in 1861, the Founding Fathers were long dead when slavery was ended. So? What does that have to do with anything. Enslavement of black people was based off the thought that they were inferior. Yes it's funny when people who have no education think they know more than everyone else. Go ahead and put your tin foil hat with the Sorros talk. The Founding Fathers had many reasons from seceding from England, one of them was the crown was becoming antislavery and they wanted to protect it. In their numbers they had murders, rapist and members who committed genocide. They were not as great as you think
nah, that's absolutely not happening.
It h ought most of them were bots and not real? so which is it? fucking sub is a god damned joke
It's too bad there aren't any actual news stories to cover!
What defines a "white nationalist" account? A white person who's a nationalist? Anyway, reseach is meaningless, 50 of those accounts are mine.
You know what a white nationalist is. Stop with the weak attempt to deflect. Mainly since, you know, [you are one.](https://np.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/5a53c5/save_her_before_its_too_late/)
Are you using the post of loathing Islam as a proof? But of course I am one. There's nothing wrong to be white nationalist, silly.
>There's nothing wrong to be white nationalist, silly. Trump supporters, ladies and gentlemen.
What's wrong with that? Human beings naturally want to live among people who resembles themselves. Does Chinese want millions of Arabs in their country? Nigerians want Canadians? Saudi-Arabia wants Slovenians? Polish want Ethiopians? So on so on. Multiculturalism doesn't work. Even if it did I wouldn't wanna live in it.
>Even if it did I wouldn't wanna live in it. Says it all.
> Human beings naturally want to live among people who resembles themselves. Says it all. Do you by chance live in a black neighbouhood? Oh, why not? Don't you like vibrant diversity?
> vibrant hmmm now why did you use *that* word
It's the word left often uses when trying to shove multikulti nightmare down to people's throats. I can't do this anymore. I have 9 min ban.
It's the word the right often uses sarcastically when describing minorities. Like "religion of peace" basically The alt-right would do much better if they didn't constantly speak in memes
I live in a neighbourhood that's gotten more and more diverse the last ten years. We used to be all white. Now it's close to a third non-white, with a real mix of different backgrounds. And you know what? It's going well. We all get along and have respect for each other. At least, there aren't fights based on race. Now granted, this is in Canada, and we don't have the same alarmist rhetoric about immigration. It turns out that when you give people a warm welcome, and judge them as individuals instead of by groups, things work out well,
> It turns out that when you give people a warm welcome, and judge them as individuals instead of by groups, things work out well, Yeah, this has worked wonderfully with muslims in Sweden, France, Germany, Denmark, Norway, Belgium, Finland. Jesus you're delusional.
> A white person who's a nationalist? God damn you're the third person to say that. Is this confusion just that common, or is this a pol meme of some kind?
I think they wanted to say 'White supremacists'. WN totally different thing and there's nothing wrong with being one.
You are correct that WN and white supremacists are different but you're being intentionally obtuse about the definition. White nationalists want a white ethnostate. Right there is where /u/Dolls4Sale stopped reading. "Ethnostate" is like a magic word to make these people go away. To address the other people who are coming across this comment, white nationalism is the idea that white people should have their own countries free of PoC. Basically every ethnicity should separate itself. It's not just a white person who is a nationalist, just like a white supremacist is not just a white person who is supreme (Michael Phelps the white supremacist swimmer!). Obviously Dolls4Sale knows this, because he knows that WN is a common initialism and WS isn't. So clearly he's familiar with this stuff.
> What defines a "white nationalist" account? A white person who's a nationalist? Anyway, reseach is meaningless, 50 of those accounts are mine. Hahahahhaahaha okay so this is what we've learned from your post, /u/Dolls4Sale : 1) Trump has a lot of fake followers. Not just because you have 50 fake accounts, but you're saying that this research is meaningless because this happens a lot. 2) This verifies the claim that a significant amount of Trump's followers [are bots](http://www.politico.com/story/2016/09/donald-trump-twitter-army-228923) 3) You follow white nationalists 4) Here are the accounts that were being followed: David Duke, Jason Bergkamp, Mary Whittier, _AltRight_, Richard Spencer, Mike Cernovich, Paul Ramsey, Jess Lynn, Suthern_boy, Ann Kelly (so Neo Nazis, neo-confederates, and white genocide project)
If you had 50 Twitter accounts there's no way you could pretend it's unclear what a white nationalist account looks like. Subtlety is not in their vocabulary.
Yes it is you Skype! White nationalist vocabulary uses very subtle codes that look like completely normal language to (((outsiders))).
Can we rename this sub to /r/AgainstTrump yet?
Oh you got me, I'm changing my vote to Hillary now for sure, so convincing,
So does this include "Dank Pepes for Depressing Teens with Steel Beams" or nah?
How dare white people by proud of their national origin........what selfish pricks.
Guys go to bed I'm sure it's been a long few days
Everyone who disagrees with me is Hitler (or a white nationalist).
Fooling anyone about what? What mountain of assumption are you standing on that looks like moral high-ground to you?
Oh no not that! Hillary can save us all.
The internet is desperate but your lies will not stop Trump.
What does your altar to trump look like?
I dont like Trump but I do hate Hillary. And of coirse Reddit is in full throttle pretending the Hillary thing is no big deal. Meanwhile if it was the other way around. TRUMP stuff would fill every catagory in Reddit.
Probably gold and orange
So where is the article about Hillary supporters and white nationalists? I'm sorry, are all Hillary supporters perfect, because youtube might disagree, along with a black homeless lady I've heard about?
It's in the same article; try reading it? They found 16 Hillary supporters. 16 out of 10000. If you want to make a case for legit reason why 35.6% of Pro-trump twitter accounts follow big name white supremacists, while only 0.16% of Pro-clinton accounts do, please do go on.
That's easy. The magazine itself is extremely pro-left and this is a hit piece, plain and simple. Other than a pie graph and some words next to it, there is virtually no proof this is even true. It's just another attempt of a left wing publication to divide us as a nation. I went on. Please find me the data and I will believe you. And this is not proof, BTW. http://www.demographicspro.com/insights/trump-supporters-follow-white-nationalists-on-twitter
Well, considering Trump is a "fucking white male" and rather Nationalist as opposed to Globalist... It would seem they're correct.
What's wrong with White Nationalism?
Why do you hate yourself?
Do they define white nationalist by whether or not they post Pepes?
If Pepe is a white nationalist symbol... Honestly, the PC here has gone wild, and I hate you smug white people here because of it.
Reaching.
100% of Hillary supporters support a corrupt, lying criminal.
This is pointless without reference. How many Hillary followers follower those white nationalists? How many of both follow black nationalists like Al Sharpton on Twitter?
> black nationalists what does that mean in the context of the us?
It means they explicitly want black flourishing. They promote what they consider to be *black values* and they encourage people to support black business by buying black products, and support programs to make things in the country more black, spreading "black pride". And they consider many elements of society to threaten these desires (like media and Hollywood being *too white*). It's pretty much the same as white nationalists who spent their time promoting "white pride" and complaining about things in society that threaten their white way of life. The main difference is that whites are seeking more to reclaim a way of life that existed in the nation, while blacks are seeking to promote a way of life that hasn't yet been widespread.
Exactly what it says. Black ethnocollectivist groups like the black panthers, the 5% nation, etc, and the more fringe proponents of more mainstream movements influenced by those groups like BLM. (BLM is intended by the billionaires funding it to be incoherent in its message, so not all of its supporters use black nationalist segregationist rhetoric, but many do.) Just like white nationalism, it's not categorically restricted to membership of groups. It's based on ideas like the superiority of melanin, the right for a race to have a land to call their own, etc.
"ethnocollectivism" would seem to be a brand of separatism (at first glance). white nationalism is attaching race (in this case "white") to national identity, with a variety of following implications, typically including separatism. regardless, it seems unclear that "white nationalism" and "black nationalism" are necessarily equivalent in how they play out in the us, save for having different colors in the names.
Trump's tough stance on illegal immigrants is something at least half the country feels strongly about this issue. I'm sure there are a wide range of people that would love to see our country actually enforce our laws and make an attempt to keep us safe.
I think we are plenty safe, and I actually find the immigrants from Latin America I've met to be generous, hard-working people, and they don't make me the least bit uncomfortable. Easily better than the nasty, judgmental, puritanical white folks I've met in small towns across the country. Now those are the people who make me feel unsafe. Unfortunately, "enforcing the border" won't get rid of those small minded scumbags hellbent on taking away my right to live my life freely
Tell the families of property crime victims, violent crime victims, rape victims, murder victims, etc. how they must be mistaken and that the vast majority of illegals are the salt of the Earth. The majority of people incarcerated in California and many other areas are illegals. I live in California and I can tell you that this state is better off without them. And factor in the cost of having them here including medical , food, etc. and nationally it's tens or even hundreds of billions of dollars in tax and private dollars. That's not worth it to allow people that broke into this country to stay regardless of exactly how many are good or bad. Do things the right way like many other people do or don't do it. Even the "good ones" trash and degrade the area they live in. Abandoned shopping carts, vandalism, trash, etc. I've seen what they have done to Southern California and it's a disgrace.
Literally the entire point you make is directly applicable to people in poverty in general. You see the exact same problems in inner city Chicago and Baltimore, Except those neighborhoods are full of (very much legal) poor blacks instead. What you describe has nothing to do with Immigration at all. Desperately poor people resort to crime, it's been that way for the entirety of human civilization. If we want to reduce crime and tax burden, we should be fighting to improve the station in life for everyone here, not spending billions of tax dollars to go on a witch hunt to deport millions of destitute people. I'm married to a Mexican-American (i'm white), and I live in San Diego, in one of those "disgraced" neighborhoods you mention. I actually get to talk with and see villainous Mexican immigrants every day. They are here to move up in life and live in relative safety, and they work hard as all hell to do it. Shit, I will admit most of the ones I've talked to work harder than i do. I have never heard a single Latino immigrant speak with disdain about this country. They may not plan to stay forever, but they respect the US nonetheless. They believe the same dream our ancestors believed when coming here. We are much better off embracing a people with impeccable work ethic and strong family values, and instead start directly fighting poverty across all ethnic groups. It's still wise to protect and enforce our borders, but the poorest will still find a way to illegally immigrate no matter what we do, so we had might as well find a way to help them all become productive, tax-paying citizens. So yeah, I reject your argument. Our problem is poverty, not immigration. I would much rather spend several billion dollars knocking down the institutional barriers to economic class mobility than deporting a bunch of desperate people.
Shut the fuck up bitch! I bet there are gay Trump supporters, black Trump supporters, Filipino Trump supporters and Closted Furry Trump supporters. Check deep enough and I bet you find nazi supporters, radical terrorists and drug cartel assassins for Hillary. Bullshit article.
Triggered much
No, why?
10,000 twitter users and apparently the criterion for being "white nationalist" is unknown. Doesn't even list who these white nationalists are or how you know they're white nationalist. Hell, could be followers of Milo and Co. for all we know. Just a smear campaign, there isn't any science behind this.
> 10,000 twitter users and apparently the criterion for being "white nationalist" is unknown. Unknown? Besides describing their criterion in detail? "Trump supporters were qualified as a sample of 10,000 US citizens, each following Trump on Twitter AND tweeting at least one pro-Trump hashtag (see Appendix A2) during a 7-day period prior to the third presidential debate. Clinton supporters were similarly qualified. A selection of 10 white nationalist Twitter accounts (see Appendix A1) were qualified as being affiliated with one or more Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) designated hate groups AND tweeting content indicating a white nationalist viewpoint." In fact, here is their list of twitter accounts, and the qualifying tweets: http://www.demographicspro.com/insights/trump-supporters-follow-white-nationalists-on-twitter
>In fact, here is their list of twitter accounts, and the qualifying tweets: That's even more damning because they've made it clear that they don't know the difference between white nationalists and white supremacists. "Drain the swamp of those that support white genocide" - This is white nationalism to you? For someone to oppose people that support white genocide?
LOL. The left hasnt even realized pulling the race card is what will lose the election for them.
Esquire has a most of its street cred from Hugh Hefner and the very popular puplication he owns called "Playboy".
How many Hillary supporters follow black nationalists and Hispanic nationalists?
Hillary loves her some KKK Grand Dragons. Trump has never spoken glowingly about a Klansman. Hillary is on record practically creaming about the KKK.
> Hillary loves her some KKK Grand Dragons. KKK Grand Dragon praised by the NAACP. Does that make the NAACP a white nationalist group?
Donald Trump rapes 13 year old virgins and threatens them with death if they tell on him. That's on record as well.
Story brought to you by a Jerry Springer producer*
That's awful! Where can I find evidence of such a heinous act? I want to see him behind bars for such an atrocity.
You remember when the klan endorsed Trump and he wouldn't say anything about that. he didn't care which says a lot about him.
[citation needed]
The ever convincing "I know you are but what am I?" defense.
A 3 hour old account spewing BS. But I'm certainly fooled and am taking this accusation very seriously! This is credible stuff right here!
Because the validity of information should be judged on how old someones reddit account is. Hillary on video. http://www.snopes.com/clinton-byrd-photo-klan/
Robert Byrd was an asshole and a bigot, but the idea that a relationship with Byrd is equivalent to a relationship with the KKK is complete BS, and even if I somehow didn't already know that *you just linked* a page that explains the context! Did you just see the "true" icon at the top and not bother to read it? Or were you just assuming that everyone else would see the icon and not bother to read it? Both? It's only like nine paragraphs long.
Oh the rest of the article... "while David Duke is no longer a member of the Ku Klux Klan, he is still an active member of another white supremacist organization, NAAWP: the National Association for the Advancement of White People." It's funny the things people willfully ignore. The end is near and the sweat on /r/politics brow is ever growing.
That's a different person. The one that endorsed trump. Reading is hard huh?
...yeah, that's *David Duke*, not Robert Byrd. Robert Byrd is the guy associated with Clinton. David Duke is the guy throwing his support behind Trump. I'm not "willfuly ignoring" so much as I am "capable of telling two different names apart." Seriously, work on your reading comprehension, it's a really useful skill.
Clinton saying Byrd was a mentor and duke saying I support trump then trump saying who is David duke makes trump the bad guy, right?
Yep, pretty much! He was a mentor for Clinton *decades* after he disavowed the klan, while Donald Trump currently runs a campaign that *continues* to make David Duke and people like him very happy.
Sarcasm? Because I'm having a stroke trying to understand how you can logically say trump is the bad guy because a bad person supports him.
Whoa! You should definitely call an ambulance *right now* then! During a stroke, every second counts so you need to get medical help right away! When you're feeling better, we can reflect on why a person might be concerned by a candidate who appeals so strongly to hate groups and the people in them.
Bird renounced his views and spent the last half of his life campaigning and advocating against the damage he and racism had caused. When he died the NAACP eulogized him and stated that he is an example of a man that showed change was possible.
He definitely gets credit for disavowing the klan, but that's a low bar in my book. He could have been a lot worse, but he really wasn't my favorite person. He was against gay marriage right on through the 2000's, and while his voting record was fine later on he had this "racism is over lets not talk about it" attitude that I couldn't stand. That said, he was an extremely accomplished and prominent democrat, so suggesting that anybody who worked closely with him was expressing support for the klan is goddamn ridiculous. Like you pointed out, he was eulogized by the NAACP. I think it would be pretty hard to paint the NAACP as pro-klan, though I'm sure some dipshit can't wait to try.
Wait Trump didn't like his dad?
Everything you guys can
LOL Another 'War on White People' thread on reddit. What's new. Why won't a thread called 'Reddit Users Declare War on Hillary's Paid Internet Trolls' ever make it to the front? LOL http://dailycaller.com/2016/10/27/reddit-users-declare-war-on-hillarys-paid-internet-trolls/
enjoy being on the wrong side of history liberals. and this sub is not news worthy. You don't get any breaking news here. Just posts "Oh Trump said mean things.... I am offended"
They follow white people who love their country. Ooo nooooo what will shillary do
Not what WN means
White: Skin color of a person Nationalist: a person who advocates political independence for a country. White people who love their country. O wait sorry we have to use the Shillary Definition.
Ok now google white nationalism
Got me there but, 10,000 of each supporter type. There are more than 10,000 trump supporters as well as Hillary. So Unless you ran this test of 10,000 20 more times. The Numbers are pretty bullshit
Not how sample size works
Toting sample sizes as the real thing is lying to the reader. Ask one white person "Do you eat a lot of food?" "Yes" O ok then al white people are obese.
Dude are you real? What the fuck is going on here?
He's a troll who's having a freak-out
jesus
[removed]
The part where it makes one a racist fuckhead.
DAE think le racizms r bad??/
This isn't a white nation.
[removed]
I officially have no empathy for Trump supporters.
Well we don't want empathy from marxist morons so....
Suppose to capitalize Marxist
idc
Most ignorant people wouldn't
Oh man, didn't expect to see you here. Shouldn't you be in your safe space?
Triggered
Original
Thx
[I....wut..](https://media.giphy.com/media/WgTuK0I84mEEw/giphy.gif)
Well, there it is. Nazi scum.
