As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil) * Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks) * Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail. * In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users. * Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not. Incivility results in escalating bans from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own. *** *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
And now he's just galvanized Utah voters into voting against him. Good job, Don.
Don't think so. Just voted Trump two days ago.
Thank you for supporting a climate change denier woman hater
Well I can tell you that in the part of Utah where I live every other house had a McMullen sign in their yard and have only even seen one Trump sign. Hell I see more Johnson yard signs than Trump signs.
How many times did you vote?
Welcome to becoming the exception.
Let me guess. You think polls are bullshit because you weren't asked?
Only matters if they don't vote for Clinton and Clinton doesn't win the state. Trump's purpose is to prevent Clinton from getting to 270, because Trump wins the presidency based on Republicans in the house.
Such low energy from such a high energy campaign lol, even his supporters know he can't win fair. Your Brain is the size of a peanut.
Dude, if you're gonna make fun on someone's intelligence, don't mistake your and you're
Fun fact: House picks President, Senate picks the VP. President Trump with Vice President Kaine is a real possibility. This requires Trump get his electoral map- all five swing states (20% odds on 538), but lose Utah. Nate Silver put the odds of it going to the House at like 1-2%.
Why would a republican senate ever pick Tim Kaine as VP?
Yeah, it's never happening, but it is still a cool possibility.
Utah isn't a blue state
Yeah but Clinton is on track for 300+...
She could easily get the LePage treatment and win because the Republican vote split to smaller fractions than the left leaning minority
Problem is Republican are about 70% of the state. Which is a slim chance Clinton can win it.
If Clinton takes 35% and Trump/McMullin take 32/33%, Clinton wins.
High population areas almost always vote left of center. Example: California is mostly republican except all those millions of people living in cities.
The problem is, it's harder to fuck goats and horses when you live in a city so the rednecks don't live there.
It's a good thing she never expected to, not does she need to win UTAH. Trump, on the other hand practically has to win UT or he has no chance.
Has to win UT and he's pissed off the Mormons
Not really. Both are ahead of her, so any swing between them logically can't benefit her.
Even if they split 31%-31% she's still nowhere near them.
If they split 31%/31% she wins with the other 38%, right?
Lol are you serious?
Most polls have her at 25%, then 4-5% for Johnson. I'm not sure where the last 8% is.
Probably other candidates or undecided.
Since when is Utah a must-win state for Clinton? Edit: ahhhh just looked through your post history - you actually think Trump's sexual assault accusers are working with the Clinton campaign. Yeah, tagging your comments as irrelevant.
She was never expected to though, it literally changes nothing for her game plan, it only makes it harder for Trump. If she fails to get 270 she loses whether Trump gets Utah or not.
This. If anything, Hillary needs to make sure she doesn't somehow lose Pennsylvania or something, while nabbing Florida or North Carolina. Boom, election won. That's how high her 'guaranteed' electoral college count is. The GOP path to victory, even with a *good* candidate, is like scaling Everest. With Trump, it's Everest during a massive blizzard followed by an earthquake. . .and it's being scaled by a rank amateur.
I mean... she's got 270 from reliably blue states, and Utah isn't remotely part of her electoral map.
She doesn't have 270 with leaning or democratic anymore and the polls will only get worse with more recent polling data after her email scandal. http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/2016_elections_electoral_college_map.html
Well I was going to stay home on Nov. 8 but now I'm definitely going to visit the polls. Might even vote.
Don't forget the intimidation and to hover over voters in the booths to make sure Trump supporters aren't voting multiple times. They're known for that ;)
Yeah, she does - [scroll down](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/?ex_cid=rrpromo) to the 'Winding Path to 270' chart. CO and PA make 270, and she's polling well ahead in both.
That is with no toss ups. With the toss ups she is not at 270 anymore.
RCP is high if they think a [5 point lead](http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/co/colorado_trump_vs_clinton_vs_johnson_vs_stein-5974.html) in CO or PA is a toss up. It's well outside the margin of error.
looks like she needs just one or two out of 9 tossups. Anything other than Iowa and Nevada would seal the deal with a single state. The fact that Texas, Georgia, and Arizona are all listed as tossups should be downright shocking.
She was never going to win the state. She already has 270 in the bag. If Donald loses Utah, his slim odds get even slimmer.
She does? Unless she bought them she has no electoral votes in the bag.
Even if she loses 3% of the vote from today she would still win Pennsylvania and Virginia. Ergo, the only path for Trump to win the presidency is to win literally every other state that isn't solid blue and then hope the house picks him to be president. And seeing as both the Republican Speaker of the House, Majority leader and the Democrat Minority Leader have all spoken out against Trump is incredibly unlikely. They don't have to make him president just because he's the Republican candidate. In that event I can see a compromise on McMullin or Paul Ryan or perhaps even Clinton if their willing to give up something with capital like Obamacare. I would suggest you look up when this has happened before in 1876 for historical precedent.
They couldn't pick Ryan. They have to pick from the top three recipients of electoral college votes.
[solid blue](http://i.imgur.com/aXoUOVP.png)
Where is this from? Edit: it's just NYT http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/upshot/presidential-polls-forecast.html?_r=0#other-forecasts
It's not "just NYT". It's from NINE different forecasters.
Lol chill bro. I can count.
Doesn't seem like it
That's a nice table. I haven't seen that.
The fact that we're debating if the republican wins Utah or not means the campaign is in serious trouble.
Yup, this shouldn't be a conversation. But it's becoming increasingly likely that Mcmuffin takes Utah Honestly if there was some secret way for Democrats to get the word out for Utah voters to support McMuffin instead of Hil-dog he could carry the state and cut victory out from Donald hands. Speculation is Trump would win the house, but honestly I'm not so sure. I think McMuffin has a better chance of winning
If they gave the presidency to McMullin there'd be riots.
Disagree, in the unlikely event it went to the house, as long as Hilary won the popular vote, I'd say the Republicans have food reason to pick McMuffin and say that Donald is a failure. Donalds burned so many bridges and just not given a fuck about the Republican party. Who knows where in lawsuit land he'll be, also this gets Republicans a quick win with a strong security canidate Don't get me wrong, it's like a 2% chance it comes to that, but I'd say of that 2% happens, the best thing the party can do is abandon the man who tried to sink the ship
Most likely dems would agree to a McMullen presidency to avoid the Republicans from picking trump, as long as they get Kaine as vp
So we will a spook in the white house. Fuck it, better thab Trump
The problem with picking McMullin is that he has no support outside of Utah. Even if Utah were the most populous state in the Union, it'd still be a very bad idea. Even if there weren't riots, there'd be a fuckload of people who refuse to acknowledge the legitimacy of a McMullin presidency, even if it's all 'legal'.
Interesting speculation, I still think he's the better choice, the party over base choice, and the choice best suited for the job Trump might very well be in jail, and if he's not he's used and abused the party, if they pick trump and trump loses a case, then the Democratic Senate's VP pick becomes president Mcmuffin is the right choice in the unlikely event we get there
In this procedure, each state's congressional delegation gets one vote. So the inequity of the electoral college system is amplified. California's delegation of 53 congresspersons gets the same voice as North Dakota's one. But it seems plausible that he could be chosen as a compromise candidate, especially if it's obvious to Democratic representatives that Hillary cannot win.
That's why I think it could happen, assuming trump loses popular vote But we're talking about a 2% chance Hilary has a very strong firewall
I don't doubt that most of Congress would rather have McMullin than Trump. The problem is that Trump has a pretty sizable base of True Believers who already thing the entire world is out to get them. If something this explicit happened that might confirm that belief, if an "establishment" pick sneaks into the presidency through the least legitimate-seeming means anybody has ever won the presidency, they'd go nuts.
Well i am sure the Utah guy put together a gun faster than Trump can, so i wouldn't bevtoo worried about Trump's base
They need to put thier base in check, that's what the autopsy says. This would have the least repercussions. Senate Republicans keep thier noses clean, house members say they were convinced by McMuffin Donald burned too many bridges and has so many pending lawsuits, he might be impeached. McMuffin isn't getting impeached, he's a nobody from Utah
Frankly as a moderate-if slightly-left independent, McMullen is a safe bet for the next four years of quietly pottering along without causing the country to melt down... excluding Trump's particular brand of crazy followers who are itching to break out their arsenal's and save us from... something
>I'd say the Republicans have food reason to pick McMuffin Nice
But the Senate picks the VP. President Trump (or McMullin) and Vice President Kaine is an actual, real possibility.
Senate is republican majority too. Not sure why you think they'd go Kaine?
What can a VP actually do though? Wouldn't the President just tell them to fuck off.
Trump is 70. If he kicks it, his VP is the new president. This was a common talking point in 2008; lots of people I know had no real beef with McCain but were horrified at the notion of Palin being an old man's heartbeat away from President.
And yet McCain is still alive and apparently still vigorous.
On top of that, it seems the plan is to effectively have Trump be a loudmouthed figurehead and 'make America great' while Pence would do a lot of the backroom stuff. They wouldn't be able to do that if it's Trump as President and Kaine as VP.
Trump is also a moron and has been reported to have offered his running mate and candidates all the power. Mostly because he's too incompetent to run shit himself. Problem is it's voted on by the current senate. Not the new one following the election. Republicans hold the majority in the Senate also. Not sure why you think they'd go with Kaine.
Ah right I get it.
That could be a real game changer for america
Unless the Hamburglar steals it from him.
In a world where McMullin getting Utah pushes the decision to congress... The Republicans are like.. "Well Trump or McMullin?" Do we really want to be with Trump for 4 years, or would we resign anyway?
They'll use [this](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/oct/12/donald-trump-jeffrey-epstein-alleged-rape-lawsuit) to justify voting McMullin if it comes to that. The Republicans in Congress, including Ryan, hate Trump; they'll jump at the opportunity to get rid of him.
there's a long standing rule that says someone with a fivehead can't be president of the united states.
Depends how much they want to keep his voters as minions in the apocalyptic wasteland that follows a Trump presidency.
If the House picked McMullin in that situation, just to avoid having to live with the royal GOP-created fuckup known as Trump. . .*that* would spark some shit amongst the voting populace. McMullin has no support outside Utah, and would have no business being President. Of course, to get to this point, Trump would have to win every single swing state that's in play and grab a lean-Democrat state. Even with his recent improvement (he's gone up a few percentage points in chances on 538, for example), it's an uphill battle to manage *that*, let alone nabbing a state that's swinging towards Hillary.
I completely agree. They'd have to be insane to pick someone only a single state voted for. That would be incredibly undemocratic.
Trump really blew it with the Mormons. He was already not well liked before the Access Hollywood tape was released and that trend has slid downwards. Mormons aren't ones to overlook sexual assault and bad language. Add in Trump's bullying and belligerent personality and I can see them leaving in droves. If the Dems had run a better candidate I could almost see Utah flipping this year.
[Longer article](https://www.jacobinmag.com/2016/10/mormons-trump-republicans-romney-democrats-religion/) on why Mormons hate Trump.
TLDR Because he's Trump.
Well yes, but I find their rationale to be interesting. Longer TL;DR: Mormons are one of the most strongly Republican religious groups in the U.S. However, they expect their leaders to actually respect the sanctity of marriage, like, for real; the fact that Trump would brag *unrepentantly* about "seducing" (assaulting) married women, while he himself was a married father, is to them a big no-no. More generally, they expect their leaders to behave with sobriety and decorum. Furthermore, despite a history checkered with racism and fundamentalism, modern-day Mormons appear to be surprisingly supportive of refugees and Muslims—perhaps due to their missionary activities, perhaps because they identify with religious persecution (and fear they're next?). So the LDS has [publicly condemned](http://www.deseretnews.com/article/865643265/LDS-Church-releases-statement-on-religious-freedom-as-Donald-Trumps-Muslim-controversy-swirls.html?pg=all) Trump's xenophobia and Islamophobia.
>Mormons aren't ones to overlook sexual assault and bad language. All except Jason Chaffetz, apparently.
Didn't he run some mens hair growth or vitamin supplement scam before he decided to become a "public servant"?
He was in Public Relations for a "multilevel marketing" company - 'multilevel marketing' is PR Speak for "pyramid selling". Which is exactly what you think it is. So, yeah. Pretty much.
I have this theory that Trump's end game is a pyramid scheme.
He worked for Nu Skin International, a "multi-level marketing company".
I think he did un-endorse Trump, but got to much flak from the Trump supporters in Utah. He currently trying to walk a fine line of endorsing but not endorsing.
Voting is the ultimate form of endorsement.
That little fucking weasel has to go.
If the rest of the evangelicals actually stood by their principals like the Mormons he would have blown it with the whole country.
> stood by their principals Don't just stand by your principals, stand by your teachers too. That's what I always say
Mormon here. This is literally one of the best compliments I could have received. (Also, I already voted McMuffin).
The problem for many evangelicals is the topic of abortion. It's such a polarizing single issue for many that nothing else can sway them otherwise. My family and most of my friends are evangelicals (including myself), so I've had this conversation several times with them. While I don't like the general idea of abortion at-will, I understand the medical need for exceptions and some situational exceptions as well. I don't have to like it or support it to acknowledge it's legal. There are so many bigger issues that have to be dealt with in this world than abortion. As awful as it is, if we destroy our world and burn our political system to the ground, it's going to be the least of our worries.
At least you're able to see the bigger picture.
I always ask my Conservative friends.... What do the R's ever actually DO to overturn Roe v. Wade? Nothing. They talk. But they don't do. And they never will, because then conservatives wouldn't have to vote for them.
Dubya, the evangelicals' golden prince, was President for 8 years, and he seemed to have little interest in the matter. And with good reason: [most Americans do not want Roe v Wade overturned](http://www.gallup.com/poll/1576/abortion.aspx), despite what a loud minority may lead you to believe.
I can accept that many people have genuine beliefs surrounding abortion but I they seem to also have no trouble voting for people who endorse the death penalty. What's the difference? Abortion isn't on the ballot directly either. Also you can choose not to vote rather than specifically voting for a man who in almost everyday rejects your value system.
Pro-choice and anti-death penalty: Abortion is 'taking' a life that is the property of the woman, while capital punishment is taking the life of an independent human being. Pro-life and pro-death penalty: Abortion is taking an innocent life, while capital punishment is taking a guilty one. That's really simplified, but a lot of people believe along one of those lines.
Like I said, single issue voting. Same with guns, or drugs, or taxes, or gay marriage, or whatever your favorite issue is. Clinton is no better for evangelicals. And Johnson isn't really any more favorable as well. I honestly don't like the cop out of not voting as a choice. I have one friend is annoyingly proud of his political ignorance and refusal to vote and it makes me mad every time he brings it up.
Trumper tantrum really rolls off the tongue better.
My exact thought, comrade.
Trumped up trickle down was better
And temper tantrump steaks rolls straight into the thighs
>'He’s going from coffee shop to coffee shop. It’s a full-time thing.' ... >Mormons across America, including Buzzfeed reporter McKay Coppins, pointed out that Donald Trump evidently didn’t know that much about the state and its people, as Mormons don’t drink coffee."
They can have caffein free coffee, right?
Decaff still has caffeine in it, just less. IIRC, if you are a "devout" Mormon you can't even touch decaff. But there are plenty of Jack Mormons, even in Utah.
So I guess that comment about them drinking hot chocolate is also wrong. Hot chocolate has about 5mg of caffeine, roughly the same as a standard decaf coffee.
No, they probably just don't consider it the same. Religion rarely leaves room for logic.
Sigh. It's really not that hard. They just don't want to be in an altered state. And there's nothing wrong with that. Would you make fun of someone for not wanting to drink? No... So cut the Mormons some slack. Personal choice. Respect it.
Caffeine isn't against the teachings. Coffee is. And tea. Mormons can still drink soda.
Well that's just silly.
Mormons can still drink caffeinated soda but their church run universities like BYU only sell non-caffeinated versions of Coke. It's nowhere in the Mormon doctrine, but for some reason the church run universities act like it is. Mormon dietary restrictions are very strange.
> Caffeine isn't against the teachings. Coffee is. And tea. Technically it's "hot drinks," which in the spirit of religious dogma, is ambiguous enough to mean everything and nothing to justify whatever you need at the time.
So, Cappuccino is bad but Mcdonalds iced coffee is fine. I'd wager whoever wrote that book didn't own an espresso machine.
Nope. Source: am Mormon. The rule is: no "hot drinks", which was later clarified as "coffee or tea". Caffeine was never the dividing factor, though it's a touchy subject. The leadership used to ask about coffee/tea in worthiness interviews, but now they're counseled not to be specific and just ask if they're living by the health law. The point is to be healthy. We're also counseled to eat meat sparingly and eat a wide variety of good foods as part of the same rule, which many people don't do. Mormons have focused on coffee and tea and unfortunately ignored the rest for the most part, probably because it's the part that is talked about most (because it needs the most clarification; meat and veggies are pretty clear). Also, I live in the middle of a dense Mormon area and our city has a Starbucks (several in the area, in fact). They're not as common as other areas, but still quite easy to find. Most Mormons I know that shop there don't get coffee, but instead get their smoothie things, which are also quite delicious. I've never had coffee and I absolutely hate how it smells. I occasionally drink hot chocolate and caffeinated soda, but tend to avoid them because they're unhealthy (I drink mostly water, occasionally drink juice or milk, and have a different beverage at most once a week). Btw, I don't like McMullin and voted for Johnson.
Just wondering, what about cold brewed coffee/tea?
Nope, though herbal teas are okay since it's not really tea (not made from tea leaves). I think it's gone far beyond the original intent (stay healthy) and it's become more of an obedience type thing.
Really, how in the name of sanity are thy always so gratingly chipper then?
a lot of them will drink hot chocolate
Isn't there also caffeine in chocolate?
You are about to dive into the rabbit hole of Mormon dietary restrictions. It's a mess.
and eat a shit ton of Jell-O
I told my brother it would be quite hilarious for trump to come in 4th in a 2 party system
Yeah, but only because it's all rigged against him in some undefined and unsubstantiated way.
Republicans in states like Florida and Indiana are trying to rig it for him and he's still losing.
Indiana?
Pence decided to have the state police raid a registration location because odd reports of voter fraud. They didn't find anything other than outdated records and only because the law states yo have to submit every single one you have not just the finished, updated ones.
In the middle. Just under lake Michigan.
This guy is so easy to troll. Imagine how easily manipulated he would be by Putin, Li Keqiang (China) or Hassan Rouhani (Iran). Clinton isn't my favorite but at least she seems difficult to blatantly manipulate.
If you notice, some of his speech is actually inspired by The_donatz thread. He is more than easy, he is CASUAL STORY mode tier.
That's why Putin doesn't like her. She's been tough on him. He prays for a trump presidency.
It's like the Libertarian VP said. Trump can't stop himself lashing out when he feels slighted. He's threatened everyone from babies to the NYT. If a paper writes an editorial about how weak Trump appears, he'll be compelled to find a way to appear strong. Nevermind Trumplethinskin being in control of our nuclear arsenal, because in that scenario it'd be the *press* who'd be in control.
> Clinton isn't my favorite but at least she seems difficult to blatantly manipulate. She's lacking the pretty awesome levels of charisma that Bill or Obama have. And she has a bit of baggage accumulated after all these years, be that real or manufactured. And you may or may not agree with her on policy matters (I sort of agree overall, but I am by no means in total agreement). But beyond that I have zero doubts that she is a solid politician who is perfectly capable of doing a good job where it matters.
Li Keqiang is the Premier of the State Council and as such head of the government, but China's head of state is actually the President, Xi Jinping. Who is slowly turning the formerly decentralized Chinese government back into a Mao-era dictatorship.
Is it me or has there suddenly been a rise of dictators this year?
Likewise, Rouhani is the head of state, the Ayatollah is the leader of Iran.
Not quite, they did pass resolutions a few years back against the use of a leader's image to promote a personality cult. Jinping was in the habit of making radios play songs to honor his personality and deeds, and had companies make merchandise with his face on it, but the Party cut it short and prohibited any future scheme of the sort (i.e. Chinese people are expected to respect their Party-nominated leader, not worship him). Some analysis published in Reuters recently also said that this new nomination as the Core Leader gives him more executive power alright (in the form of lessened peer-obstacles), but also brings him under more severe expectations from the rest of the top level Party officials. It's still incredibly far from Mao-era dictatorship, and the Party still has many tools and loyal assets at its disposal to prevent this.
Yeah, the claim that China is reverting back to a "Mao-era" dictatorship, like most claims about China, have been overstated. The Chinese aren't stupid, they realize the damage Mao has done, and so they have loads of failsafes that the CCP can enact should Xi try to make himself Supreme Leader or some shit. It should also be noted that since Deng Xiaoping, China has more or less been blessed with fairly competent, moderate leaders. They're the ones who wanted to make sure China followed a more open, liberal path and realized the potential for abuse of a one-party system. Here's to hoping Xi doesn't fuck China up too bad for the next guy.
>Who is slowly turning the formerly decentralized Chinese government back into a Mao-era dictatorship. Make China Great Again!
Google translate churns this out: . Reverse translation is 'Let China be great'.
>Imagine how easily manipulated he would be by Putin... "No puppet, no puppet... you're the puppet" -Donald Trump
"Four score and seven years ago..." -some low energy loser, probably. The party of Abraham Lincoln, people.
This is the single most important thing about him. It's how you end up in a war if he's president.
Did you see that piece, I think it was in New York Magazine, where it reveals he wanted Christie as his VP but Manafort manipulated him into Pence by stallong his plane?
What a puppet!
Conversely, I think I might just write him a letter tonight telling him what a genius he is, how large his hands are and how natural his hair looks...and with any luck I'll be his pick for Secretary of the Interior.
Under Trump, we'd have to call that position Secretary of the Inferior.
You'd have the only experience Trump values: the ability to kiss his ass. You'd probably at least be on the short list for any position you want. If you have a pussy to grab you'd probably be in line for VP.
Especially if you're willing to wear an Ivanka mask.
I'm willing to do that. I'll also borrow Rudy Guiliani's fake tits and Donald can motorboat me if he likes. Secretary of the Interior please. It looks pretty easy and I think it just means travelling about checking out National Parks. Sounds good.
As long as you don't piss off a Bundy.
Too bad McMullin would also make a dreadful president, for very different reasons
The only way he could win is if he won in Utah and Hillary & Trump had a tie. Then the House would have 3 people to pick from to break the tie.
I know that it's thankfully a long shot, but as a non Mormon resident of Utah, I have front row seats to how awful things can be when they're in charge.
Dreadful yes, but not equally dreadful. Hillary is bad. McMullin is bad. But Trump is beyond-all-historical-experience bad. The thing that really scares me about Trump is how much he values revenge. Every slight must be avenged "ten times" what they slighted him, whether it is strategically wise or ethical to do so. He escalates every conflict, without exception. War would be inevitable, nuclear war very likely.
I see a Trump presidency as 'hard mode'. Life in the US has been pretty easy recently, a bit too easy if you ask me. We need a Trump presidency to spice things up. That, or a plague or something.
I see it in the context of the dialectical model of change. Some of these morons missed the lessons of 20th century fascism, so some lessons must be learned again.
Trump literally cited "an eye for an eye" as his favorite Bible verse -- a philosophy Jesus explicitly rejected (Matthew 5:38-39). What kind of Christian reads the Bible and takes away *revenge* as their favorite message?!
Wait. There are people who actually believe Donald cheats on all 3 of his wives, has sex before marriage, lies regularly, doesn't render onto Caesar, doesn't pay his contracts etc, etc Trump is actually a Christian?
The kind that is neither a Christian nor able to read anything longer than 140 characters.
Holy shit this guy is fucking insane. Even if it IS your favorite, you say another one when asked publicly right?
Has there ever been a bigger sore loser before he's even lost?
In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users.
lolwut
He's something worse. He's even a sore winner.
Can't wait until he loses proper!
Can we all go out and make *sure* he loses proper and gloat about it afterward?
In 2008, it was gloat-worthy that you got to vote for Obama. Now, it's whom you didn't vote for that will be gloat-worthy. What a flip!
Only a matter of time before he literally melts
shameless plug for /r/the_meltdown
I would've preferred "Trumper Tantrum"
Yes that works much better.
It is George HW Bush and Ross Perot except the Republican vote is about 70% of the Utah state so Trump or McMullin can win it.
The polls show a three way dead heat and the dems are really pushing to get out the vote here, I would be surprised if anyone but trump won Utah because it's one thing to say your going to vote one way in a poll especially for a third party type but when mormons don't think anyone is watching they tend to do the opposite of what they preach, plus they dislike Hillary very much. I'd say McMillan gets 15% when all said and done
I realize that Utah is usually a deep red state but McMillian taking 15% of the vote would mean that the Republican party is not unified for Trump, which would actually give Clinton a pretty good chance of winning. It's like Gore splitting the vote with Nader in Florida. Every vote McMillian gets is one less vote for Trump, so basically one more for Hillary.
They are all around 30% here with trump amd McMillan tied and Hillary down 5 points, the people saying they are voting for mcmillian wouldn't switch thier vote to Hillary so yes any vote for mcmillian hurts trump but roughly 70% of voters in Utah are GOP so trump really only needs 36% of the vote to win the state which is more than the total democrat vote in the state. Hillary will not win Utah but mcmillian might and that would obviously hurt trump more than Hillary, the fact that I am seeing trump ads speaks volumes about thier concern for mcmillian
Depends on actual turnout. The mass defection from Trump to McMuffib suggests that many saying they'll vote Trump won't be that enthusiastic. McMuffin on the other hand has no realistic shot at President, he's just a spoiler candidate. Dems meanwhile have their one big chance to flip Utah. Three way splits can make weird things happen and the most universally disliked candidate can win (whoever that is in this case).
With a competitive gov race here the GOP will not stay home. Utah will be red and I would be willing to wager everything I will ever make in my lifetime on it. Liberals are moving here in droves (I came from. Michigan) but t will be a long time until a dem can win a statewide election here
You should make it really Mormon and put up 10% of everything you own.
> Utah will be red and I would be willing to wager everything I will ever make in my lifetime on it I will take that wager. I put up $1.
Perot took around equally from both Bush and Clinton.
It'd be interesting if Utah and Alaska both go for Clinton. I think it'd make it almost impossible for Trump to win
Trump is a pathetic pussy.
He should just grab himself from now on.
His deplorables take care of any stroking he needs.
TIL Mormons aren't allowed to drink tea (or coffee). I guess they consider it in the same category as alcohol for a mind-altering substance?
Our body is a precious gift from God. To help keep our bodies and our minds healthy and strong, God gave a law of health to Joseph Smith in 1833. This law is known as the Word of Wisdom (see Doctrine and Covenants 89:1-21). In addition to emphasizing the benefits of proper eating and physical and spiritual health, God has spoken against the use of: Tobacco. Alcohol. Coffee and tea. Illegal drugs. God promises great physical and spiritual blessings to those who follow the Word of Wisdom. Today, the scientific community promotes some of the same principles that a loving God gave to Joseph Smith nearly two centuries ago. Source: https://www.mormon.org/faq/law-of-health
What about the not eating meat only during times of winter or famine? You left that out. Or the fact that the revelation came after his wife specifically asked him to get a revelation because she was sick of cleaning up tobacco. Or that Joseph drank wine before he died and that Brigham Young had a distillery. Also the scientific community generally says that tea and coffee are good for you and alcohol is fine in moderation.
Lol what? I just googled to find an answer to the person's question I'm not a fucking expert on Mormons.
> Lol what? is their question all that strange based on your post?
Yes, I just copied my response from the site I posted to provide an answer to the question. I thought this was exceedingly obvious.
> I thought this was exceedingly obvious. why?
> I just googled to find an answer to the person's question I'm not a fucking expert on Mormons. Because I said that. Did you think I googled it, researched it, and wrote a fucking peer reviewed report on it? Or does it seem more likely I googled it, and copy and pasted? Especially because I admitted I'm not a fucking expert. Especially because I linked the source, which was exactly word for word what I said. Honestly, I'm sorry if this is difficult for you but I'm not going to respond to you anymore. I thought it was exceedingly obvious, it appears I was wrong (in at least one case).
> Because I said that you said "that" afterwards. > Or does it seem more likely I googled it, and copy and pasted? engaging in copypasta doesn't necessarily imply you don't have familiarity with a subject. > Especially because I admitted I'm not a fucking expert. afterwards... > I'm sorry if this is difficult for you but I'm not going to respond to you anymore. great.
Joseph Smith claimed God told him they should avoid Tobacco, Alcohol, Coffee, tea & Illegal drugs. Something about human bodies being precious gifts from God that need to be kept healthy. Little more to it than that. They're also supposed to generally "eat well", which is probably much more effective advice for achieving the stated goal than "no tea"
Hear me now: I did not like Romney because he was a mormon, but if those magic-underwear-wearing fuckers manage to get McMullin elected president because HRC and DT can't get to 270 electoral votes then I will take back everything I've ever said.
Deplorables are already hoping you out by mentioning Mormonocide or Mormocide on #MormonMafia for betraying the chosen one.
Excuse me?!?! I'm not a Mormon, but I will happily kick the ever-lovin' shit out of anyone who tries that.
Speaking as an ex-Mormon who spent 40 years of my life in that cult and who deals with the after-effects every day, Mormons are not bad people. Mormons are merely victims of the cult. If you are gonna hate- please direct it at the leadership in Utah that perpetuate the emotionally abusive cult, not at the victims. If you were raised with "Believe this absurd story or you are a bad person" from every adult in your life for the first 18 years of your life, you would probably be wearing magic underwear yourself.
> Mormons are merely victims of the cult. So are all religious people. >If you are gonna hate- please direct it at the leadership in Utah that perpetuate the emotionally abusive cult, not at the victims. In the case of Romney is more pointed and had to do with the fact he was trying to be President of the United States while being a cult member. >If you were raised with "Believe this absurd story or you are a bad person" from every adult in your life for the first 18 years of your life, you would probably be wearing magic underwear yourself. I was raised Roman Catholic and come from an Italian family. I refused to be confirmed in middle school. Not saying I'm better or that the main point of what you're saying isnt true, just don't kid yourself and think everyone drinks the Kool Aid.
Not everyone drinks the coolaid, especially now thanks to the internet. But when I was a kid, there was no social media and 95% of my hometown was Mormon. To walk away from the church not only required a VERY independent streak, but it also meant you would be friendless and ostracized. Also, every written document accessible was church published propaganda. I didn't even learn that Blacks were denied the priesthood until I was an adult. Thankfully things are changing thanks to the internet. It is harder for cults to isolate people now. Now I am a devout member of the Pastafarian religion. May you be touched by His noodly appendage.
No social media when I was a kid either, but yes I understand your points.
What a crazy election. We're all wondering if Johnson or Stein could edge in, but the only third party/independent person who could win one state this year is going to be a Mormon ex-CIA agent that is even less unknown than Johnson and Stein
That's no way to talk to a fellow Wharton grad!
Voters switch away from Hillary to McMullin to stop Trump? Who does that kind of thing?
I can't imagine most would, but who knows, some might. This has been a pretty messed up election. I mean, Clinton doesn't really have much of a shot of winning Utah (538 has her at like 7% chance I think).
I think her chances are a bit better than that, the latest poll I looked at had Clinton, Trump, and McMullen in a three way tie with Johnson only a few points behind, I think it's really going to be close here.
>If, as seems likely, McMullin takes Utah’s 6 electoral votes, the GOP-controlled House will have a third option – voting in McMullin as President if neither Hillary nor Trump get to 270. Oh my god this would make me so happy.
Clinton is pretty much a lock to get 272 at a bare minimum though.
I think it's 278, but a guy can still dream.
Anyone think it's weird that the CIA sends out GOP wet dream McMullin to defeat Trump, while the FBI is desperately trying to sink Clinton?
[deleted]
No...
The reason the two main parties don't hammer McMullin into submission as they do Johnson and Stein is because he's a fucking Goldman Sachs CIA Prop. That is his career, background, and contributors. That is who owns him.
