As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil) * Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks) * Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail. * In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users. * Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not. Incivility results in escalating bans from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own. *** *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
> Conway also admitted that sometimes the most effective method of getting Trump to heed her advice is to “go on TV to communicate” with him. I laughed. I laughed loud.
This explains EVERYTHING so damn much, wow
On CNN, probably. Everyone knows he watches CNN.
"Nobody watches CNN anymore" he says as he livetweets whole segments.
He just had to watch that loser show. So sad.
She's going to be the main anonymous source is so many post election leaks
She would make a great Jim Halpert, mugging to the camera when someone says something crazy, in the mocumentary about the campaign.
I dunno, assuming she is actually sane I have to give her props for being absolutely fucking professional in defending trumps crazy, fucked up shit. I doubt she would ruin that with more than one or two well placed leaks. After all, from now on her meal ticket is going to be "I defended Trump. You're sane, you're gonna be a fuckin cakewalk."
She's got a sharp mind. Shame she doesn't do anything useful with it
I disagree, I think she'll ride the motion of the wave. If the party turns on trump she'll condemn and hang him to dry. If it sticks with him they'll ride it out till she publishes a tell-all book in the future. I don't think she outright wants the boat to sink. She wants to look back at this with pride, hell she took a failing Khan bashing Trump, to 50-50 going into the first debate. The mistake was trump wasn't pushed enough to prepare for the debate. His preparation showed on the 2nd debate, and showed for the first 60seconds of the 3rd. But when Trump ran out of gas after the last half hr, it was clear his preparation wasn't great at simulating the real deal
Fun fact, she was part of the 90's anti-Clinton witch hunt. She's far more partisan than sane.
The tell all post election book where his entire campaign turns on him is going to be amazing
imagine what a mess a president trump could make.
Well if Trump becomes president, then his campaign was the better of the two. Are you saying you want a president whose campaign loses to the campaign that is a mess?
trump's campaign appeals to fear and the dark side of human nature.
Every benefit Trump has had in this election has primarily been based on the failings of the other candidates rather than competence on his campaign's part.
Don't forget the gigantic double standard and false equivalencies of the McNews infotainment industry.
As well the ratings-driven media which gave him free wall-to-wall coverage, while barely covering any of the other candidates during the run-up to primary season.
If he successfully exploited the media to help his campaign and he is actually victorious - that show some pretty good strategic planning and execution, no?
And let's look at the scores... AMAZING! The judges have all awarded... perfect 10s! We have a new world champion in mental gymnastics!
It's on Hillary if she loses to a campaign that she claims is a mess.
If you read the article, it's Trump's own staff saying it's a mess.
Trump is a mess. Trump is a waste. Trump is a big fat mistake **airhorn**
In our pants.
Trump supporter? Or...?
No. I think he would shit the country's pants.
He's going to run the country like his businesses. Lose half its value in one year, get bailed out by a Saudi prince, then turn around and spit in the prince's face. Figuratively.
Figuratively? I could totally see trump spitting in someones face.
Was?
Doesn't matter. We don't have any standards anymore.
Kind of a fucking understatement, guys. When one of your more minor scandals is an actual campaign manager under investigation for being an unregistered foreign agent, "mess" is generous.
James Comey to the rescue! Why run a good campaign when you can have the head of the FBI simply hand you the election?
Imagine if it wasn't a mess? That would mean Hillary only won the election because she beat a chump that was never meant to win any ways?
Correct. When Jorge Luis Borges said "democracy is an abuse of statistics" this basic type of situation is what he was referring to. Don't like it? Figure out a way to unfuck the GOP primary process.
Many Republicans have this idea that they represent close to %50 of the electorate. When its more like %37 Republican, and 40% democrat. Most independent voters are socially liberal and have been siding with Democrats in polls. Most independents are disaffected by the over whelming "Bible Thumper" bias that makes up Republican voters. Im fucking sick of Evangelical Christians using the political process to involve themselves in peoples personal lives.
Soooo "winning" for a Trump run organization.
really? holy "new of the obvious" batman
Such a mess that he could still win because of the brilliance of Hillary not squashing this email story over a year ago.
Such a mistake by the Clinton team. They could have exhausted it, released very last bit of spam a year ago and given Trump no weapon other than policy discussion (lol).
I'm a Trump supporter, but really - is this a surprise? He didn't get involved in politics until last Summer. Clinton has been planning this run since 2008, and she's been putting people in place for years. She also has the entire DNC machinery behind her. Trump is going renegade style, learning as he goes along. It's no surprise that his campaign was/is a mess.
So much of it is self inflicted wounds from the man himself.
A mess so big that he defeated all the other candidates for the GOP nomination beating CNN's 1% chance of winning pronostic. Another professional journalism article from the political experts of vanityfair.com. /r/politics front page material.
Yeah, such a mess that Hillary and Co. can't beat him down with their well-oiled political machine.
get back to us on that point, nov 9.
Trump supporters are voting on November 28th. That's from the horse's ass himself. https://youtu.be/EekwEtZLtC0 Not even GWB screwed it up this badly. Where was the economy when he left office in 2008? Can America survive a President dumber than GWB? Edit - spelling
Trump only won because the GOP forgot how to run a primary. They put up maybe the worst field of all time - 20 different cheap suits with bad haircuts saying the exact same thing: "Obama bad, tax cuts good, vote me plz." Trump won because somebody had to win and he said his message the loudest and the meanest.
So many conjectures. You could have saved time and said *"i hate trump so i trust vanityfair article"*. It seems it is impossible to recognize the achievements of a non-hillary politician on /r/politics. It's always some kind of luck involved. It's simply impossible to say a candidate that is not hillary did something relatively competent (such as defeat all competitors for the nomination) on this joke of a subreddit.
You have to have serious mental issues to support the guy at this point. He's scum and he is exposing all of the other scum. Get a life, loser. And get used to saying Madam President.
They aren't conjectures, and if the GOP changes its rules to make it harder for a Trump-like candidate in the future, then this will all have been confirmed.
I stand by every part of my comment without even reading the vanity fair article. If you disagree with what I said, please indicate which parts are incorrect and why.
If only they'd had superdelegates and the RNC had worked even harder to rig it against him. I mean, they tried. They even dragged out Romney to give speeches attacking Trump for just about everything under the sun. The voters didn't care.
It was hardly rigged against him - quite the opposite, actually. It was set up perfectly for him to win, and the conspiring against him only happened once it was far too little, far too late. I really hope the GOP learns from their mistakes and puts more effort into vetting and producing some candidates with a semblance of statesmanship. Pure popularity contests are dangerous when people only seem to care about who shouts the loudest and delivers the best "little Marco"-esque zingers.
