As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil) * Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks) * Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail. * In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users. * Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not. Incivility results in escalating bans from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own. *** *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
For Clinton to be charged, there would basically have to be an email that has her saying she set up the server for malicious purposes. I'm gonna have to go with the experts and say that is unlikely.
Or just huma saying "Emails under subpoena H says to delete all related to X" Most of the arguments in this article are baseless with some saying things like "its about huma not HRC" she was HRC most trusted aid there certainly could be some major evidence related to Clinton on any emails Huma may have deleted.
It's certainly possible, but do you think Huma would really send an email implicating herself in a criminal fucking conspiracy? That's like rule one in conspiring to do something illegal: don't spell it out, write it down, and distribute it to be found later. At the very least, once you've started deleting emails, you delete the email where you told someone to delete the emails. The person that received this hypothetical conspiratorial email must have already deleted it or the FBI would have already seen it. So either Huma's like an idiot of the highest magnitude, she conspired with people outside the scope of the original document collection to break in and delete emails, or (shocker) there is no smoking gun. I'm willing to bet on the simplest explanation: these emails aren't going to amount to anything.
Exactly. The part where it all falls apart is thinking Clinton is a fucking idiot
That's also hearsay and not admissible into court (unless overruled). Even if admissible, you'd have to prove "H" meant Hillary Clinton. And even so, you'd have to prove Huma was telling the truth that "H" said to do the thing in the first place! The Federal Rules of Evidence are very complicated and often very much benefit the accused.
> heresy *hearsay*
Holy fuck someone else who actually knows the law! Christ, part of my head is caved in from beating my head against the desk after reading these comments.
Only part? I'm jealous. I think I popped a blood vessel with my eye-twitches reading the comments here haha.
I've moved on to eating shards of glass out of sheer hopelessness. My favorite was "just having the server was illegal and gets you automatically thrown in jail. Or maybe it was, "Comey had to tell not just congress, but the public about the new emails - it's the law"
The amount of incorrectness boggles my mind. What basis are they getting that on? Its the administrative law equivalent to "hey man, you have to tell me if you're a cop."
>What basis are they getting that on? Because it *feels* wrong.
Hell, I mean even a few seasons of Law & Order could give them some very, very basic knowledge. People really believe that "intent" was a "loophole" that Comey made up to excuse HRC. Even after I explained basic elements of intent as it pertains to liability and showed them that intent was literally written in the statute. > Its the administrative law equivalent to "hey man, you have to tell me if you're a cop." Or "the cop didn't read me my rights when he arrested me - ha ha loophole coper!"
All it would take is an email about bleaching 33,000 emails. That's all it would take for her to go to prison. Her and Huma are close. Weiner is a sex-addict more worried about dick pics than protecting his laptop. There's a reason they're looking into those 650,000 emails.
If there is, it'd be "Huma, how do I clear my spam folder?"
> All it would take is an email about bleaching 33,000 emails. That's all it would take for her to go to prison. Why would someone go to prison for deleting their personal property? >There is no question that former Secretary Clinton had authority to delete personal emails without agency supervision – she appropriately could have done so even if she were working on a government server. Under policies issue both by the National Archives and Records Administration (“NARA”) and the State Department, individual officers and employees are permitted and expected to exercise judgment to determine what constitutes a federal record. See NARA Bulletin 2014-06 ¶4 (Sept. 15, 2014) (“Currently, in many agencies, employees manage their own email accounts and apply their own understanding of Federal records management. This means that all employees are required to review each message, identify its value, and either delete it or move it to a recordkeeping system.”);3 Department of State Foreign Affairs Manual, 5 FAM 443.2(b) (“[t]he intention of this guidance is not to require the preservation of every E-mail message.”) https://assets.documentcloud.org/documents/2401598/state-objections.pdf
>> All it would take is an email about bleaching 33,000 emails. That's all it would take for her to go to prison. >Why would someone go to prison for deleting their personal property? Because she was under subpoena.
But even then wording gets you out. Clearing your junk email for example doesn't fall under subpeona as she said she deleted non work emails.
no it would take a hell of a lot more than that, they would still need to prove intent, then they would need a Prosecutor willing to go after her, then they would need her not to just pardon herself, good luck with that
I'm pretty sure she openly admits that she deleted the 33,000 non-work related emails, so that's not exactly news and wouldn't bring an indictment. The crime being investigated is the mishandling of classified information. We already know she had classified information on the server, and it shouldn't have been there. For an indictment, the FBI has to find evidence of criminal intent in the mishandling of the information, something that doesn't happen very often, and is not likely to happen in this case.
a written order to delete emails on a relevant topic after subpoena would be bit too much of a mistake for a trained lawyer to realistically make.
I think the fact that PRN forgot to follow through might have caused a mistake. Hillarys people had a phone conference with PRN the day before the emails were finally deleted and a ticket was put in place. PRN refused to disclose the details of the conference call to the FBI so we don't know what took place but if these emails are in that timeframe I wouldn't be surprised if it was discussed once they found out of the F up by PRN.
Two parts of common law to prove guilt: Crime in thought and crime in action.
Its not a common law crime. Its a statutory crime. But you are correct that it has a mental component which gross recklessness (far beyond "extreme carelessness") or malicious intent is required. And even if there was (no proof) she'd have to be awarded full Due Process and that would take months.
Actually, she mishandled classified data. That's a very big deal. You see, prior to all this Wiener drama it was "unproven" that any classified information was ever unsecure (leaked,hacked). Even bleaching files and hammering phones can be argued for securing purposes. Now that it's come out that these emails were there because of an auto sync function proved beyond a doubt that sensitive material had become unsecured. This wouldn't have happened if Hillary and her staff followed protocol. I almost feel bad for her (I don't)
She mishandled classified data just by having it run through a private server. While she shouldn't have done it, that in and of itself is not a criminal act. The FBI would have to prove criminal intent in her mishandling of classified data. Basically, they would have to find an email where she admits that she set up the server and used it for nefarious purposes, which is unlikely. As I have stated before, the mishandling of classified data is actually more common than most people think due to the sheer volume of secret documents the government produces. For this reason, prosecution of the mishandling of data is rare, due to the high bar of criminal intent. Unfortunately, too many people are ignoring the facts and realities of this case and assuming what they want to happen, will happen. An indictment was always a LONG shot.
Its as if someone realized they needed to delete all the emails and for some reason would communicate that via the email they don't trust? Its like me signing up for a new Burner phone because my phone is tapped, but calling to activate my new phone from the Tapped phone. Thats likely to happen right?
It all falls apart when being the person is a lawyer and a politician and it would be idiotic to put something illegal in writing.
Probably will just suppress turnout a little.
Based on follow-up polling, it looks like it might actually increase turnout for Dems. One poll showed that 5% of Dems were less likely to vote for her now, but 13% were more likely to do so. A full 50% said this wouldn't change their vote. 47% of Republicans said the same thing.
Yeah I read something that this is good it happened before. If it happened shortly after you'd have every Republican trying to discredit her
Would you mind linking a source? Genuinely interested to read about it. I saw RCP has her at +3.4%(?) to win and that was the most recent avg.
RCP's most recent average is 4.3 ([here](http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/general_election_trump_vs_clinton-5491.html)) I'm trying to find the image I saw earlier that showed the exact numbers, but here are two articles from the Polling megathread that show similar stats: [This Politico article](http://www.politico.com/story/2016/10/poll-fbi-review-no-difference-hillary-clinton-230501#ixzz4OZhibpnB%C2%A0) shows that 63% of likely voters say new FBI news doesn't affect their vote. [CBS/YouGov](https://today.yougov.com/news/2016/10/30/key-battlegrounds-tight-clinton-maintains-eight-po/) Doesn't change: 53% of Clinton supporters, 41% of Trump supporters, 49% of other/undecideds. Once I find the image and corresponding article, I'll update this post.
Ah got the numbers mixed up! Thanks for the correction! And thanks for the articles! I'll read up on them.
You're welcome. There's some good news for Clinton in the polling megathread that looks beyond the polls to actual early voting numbers. More Dems have voted in NC than in 2008 at this point. Arizona early numbers show a 46-46 tie. Democratic early vote turnout in Florida is higher than expected (especially among Latinos), and she's doing well in Georgia early voting as well. The reality is that Trump is running out of time to get off the runway, and with him having to fight for established GOP territory (Utah, Arizona, North Carolina, Georgia, Texas, Missouri, etc.) in addition to having to run up the board in swing state electorates, he's got a lot of runway left to cover still.
The Watergate comparisons fail in part because it was not just a "smoking gun" in Nixon's tapes that did him in. The *overall* character of all the transcripts that Nixon released (before he was forced to hand over the tapes themselves) made him look bad, and the leaders of his own party were publicly suggesting he should resign, even before the "smoking gun" tape proved Nixon had obstructed justice and gave him the choice of resigning or being kicked out. A vast amount of Hillary Clinton's records have been scrutinized at this point. The most likely assumption is that everything else they find is going to be of similar character to what they have already found. Even if they find something legally worse than what has already been found, it's unlikely to alter the judgment of what her overall intent was.
> A vast amount of Hillary Clinton's records have been scrutinized at this point. Yeah, except for the 33k she deleted. But we are going to start getting a good look at those this week, via wikileaks.
30 years of tearing into her and this is what the GOP comes up with... She may be the cleanest politician ever Bet your ass every other president has had some way worse skeletons than a fuckin email server Ive been trying to put myself on the other side. To imagine a Republican going through this email scandal. And it truly does not phase me at all. Not at all. People who think a private server is any less secure than a government server are delusional about IT security. And frankly, idgaf about classified documents when youve got NSA contractors walking out the door with tons and tons and tons and tons of data This country has no official secrets act
Hitchens wrote an entire book on the 'character' of the Clintons. With this recent campaign I think we have all we need.
Rumour is the emails detail Bill Clinton's trips to Epstein's pedo island aboard the rape plane. Care to comment?
You mean like Trump flying with the child pimp to epsteins parties?
Where did you find this rumor?
4chan probably.
What about the matter of her lying repeatedly about the content of the emails being classified and feigning ignorance multiple times when questioned? That doesn't raise any red flags for you?
"Classified" is a broad term and what is deemed classified is subjective - officials are constantly arguing over what should be considered classified or not. They also retroactively classify things that weren't considered as such at the time. It's possible she didn't recall handling such information on her personal email, especially given the number of emails and various things she would've dealt with. She also may have been lying but we don't know that. Either way, people yelling about her being a corrupt criminal are patently false if you're going by the actual definition of criminal.
Politics aside, as someone who is in charge of hiring and managing people, I would never in my life consider someone with this amount of baggage. If what your first paragraph said was 100% true... it'd still mean she was reckless and negligent of duty. Id be fine with it if she embraced it, but it's a constant stream of lies and misinformation and dumbing down of details, it makes me ill. /endrant Enjoy your evening, Good luck on the 8th.
She has though? She said she fucked up
I heard there's an email in there that says "do benghazi." Would that change things?
Pretty much everything that has come out about Clinton has made me like her *more*. I assume most people have private correspondence that they would want aired in public. I assume, as a rule, that people can talk shit in private correspondence (I certainly do). I've always been certain politicians are saying bad shit behind the scenes. With an unprecedented look at Clinton and Podesta's behind-the-scenes communications, they're actually *more* thoughtful and dull than I thought. Surprise! They care about winning votes and carefully crafting policies and trying to get good press coverage! Meanwhile, Trumpets flip their shit because they don't know what "oversampling" means.
So you were ok with Trump grabbing pussy during his locker room banter? (Behind the scenes, private)
There's a difference between saying "hi, I'm a politician and will take whatever my constituents say" And "I sexually assault women because I'm rich"
Thats... not at all a valid Comparison. He's saying that even when we learn what she's saying in private, it's not that bad. When we learned what trump says in private, it's really fucking bad and gross.
So you have no problem voting for an a actual criminal? You have no problem with some one who sets up an illegal server for the sole purpose of circumventing state department rules and regulations for preservation? I'd have more respect for people if they just came and said they see no problem with voting for a criminal. Instead we get people like you who say "this whole thing has made me like her more. " Now granted you're talking specifically about the podesta hack but seriously it all comes down to her actions and behaviors. Now they find emails on a device used by Anthony Weiner. Do you like her more now that most likely she let her top aide communicate with her on via her unsecured server with outside devices? You talk about her her emails are dull. Well we're talking about thousands of emails here. You're being so vague it's ridiculous. There are portions of these emails that paint the picture that these are some nasty people. Case in point the syeed Farouk mention. Also emails showing that done of clintons closest team members calling her incompetent. Not very dull. Though they could never say that publicly because how could they anger the Clinton machine? They'd be finished. Case in point it's really sad they these things made you like her more. I mean sure vote for a criminal that could be indicted after the election and then knows what happens. Maybe her testimony on the stand will make you like her more too.
I mean pot meet kettle?
Criminal? She has never been charged nor convicted of anything. I'm not defending her but be more accurate as your argument actually has validity but jumping to use the word criminal makes you use credibility.
"But she's a criminal!" Only works if the other guy isnt facing racketeering charges and hasn't been accused of like 13 sexual assaults and at least two rapes....and pay to play allegations about the RICO case for gods sake
> So you have no problem voting for an a actual criminal? LAW AND ORDER, PEOPLE! LAW AND ORDER! Why is it the blathering tools that like Donald Trump get all heated over that sentence when Donald Trump says it, but are willing to throw someone in jail who hasn't sat in front of a jury of their peers? She hasn't been tried, she hasn't been convicted. Until then, she isn't an "actual criminal", any more than Donald Trump is for bribing elected officials with the money from his charitable foundation. > You have no problem with some one who sets up an illegal server for the sole purpose of circumventing state department rules and regulations for preservation? They said it wasn't illegal. It was just bad form. > Now granted you're talking specifically about the podesta hack but seriously it all comes down to her actions and behaviors. Now they find emails on a device used by Anthony Weiner. Do you like her more now that most likely she let her top aide communicate with her on via her unsecured server with outside devices? And she has *phone calls* with *normal people* on a *normal phone!* Jesus christ, what if she talks to people without using the *cone of silence?!* > Instead we get people like you who say "this whole thing has made me like her more. I'll try to explain this. When she was being grilled for eleven hours straight, on live TV, over Benghazi, she acted like a pro. She took all the heat people could whip up, and it didn't faze her in the slightest. People look at it like this: Do you want someone in the hot seat who has a sensitive ass, like Donald Trump? Or do you want someone unflappable? > You talk about her her emails are dull. Well we're talking about thousands of emails here. You're being so vague it's ridiculous. There are portions of these emails that paint the picture that these are some nasty people. Case in point the syeed Farouk mention. Also emails showing that done of clintons closest team members calling her incompetent. Not very dull. Though they could never say that publicly because how could they anger the Clinton machine? They'd be finished. People can say whatever stupid thing pops into their head at any time. Case in point: Donald Trump. Does it make what they say *real?* Not really, no. > Case in point it's really sad they these things made you like her more. I mean sure vote for a criminal that could be indicted after the election and then knows what happens. Maybe her testimony on the stand will make you like her more too. Convict her first, then she'll be a criminal. Go on. Oh, wait, she's already been investigated over and over and over again and cleared of wrongdoing *by republicans*.
> You have no problem with some one who sets up an illegal server for the sole purpose of circumventing state department rules and regulations for preservation? i know this is repeated a lot, and believe it's true. but is there evidence of this? or is it conjecture?
Well has she come out and said it? No? Is there a recording of any type to her admitting it? No Though common sense and practical reasoning would ask why one would do that very thing. Unless they didn't want to preserve their emails.
Don't waste your energy on these fools
You're absolutely right. I shouldn't.
Anything in the Podesta emails, the DNC, her emails, anything to hint at it?
This is why I don't understand how people can even defend those actions. Just having the server. Forget about the emails. Just setting up and using a unauthorized server is illegal. That is a crime.
Not a crime. Against State Department rules does not mean illegal.
Barack Obama made it a rule. If the GOP is mad at someone for disobeying Obama then they should move out of their glass house first
And also subsequent to Hillary's tenure as Secretary of State
Absolute worst case, we get President Kaine, who is completely scandal-free and ten billion times better that the blithering ignorant rambling orange narcissistic moron who I can't even call a liar because he's too stupid to know that he's lying every time he opens his mouth.
Well that's coming from you which no offense you're a nobody. So am I but one candidate is an actual criminal. It's official. She committed criminal acts but was not prosecuted due to lack of "intent" You can call Trump all the names you want but nothing sticks. Most likely cause you're a no one like I said. I can call Hillary a criminal and while I may be a nobody as well. It's proven that she is actually one.
>one candidate is an actual criminal > She committed criminal acts but was not prosecuted English must be hard for you
So if she wasn't prosecuted she isn't a criminal then...
That's not how this works. You are a criminal if you commit a crime. You need not get caught and prosecuted to be considered a criminal. By that logic, drug dealers, rapists, murderers, etc. aren't criminals. Edit: sigh... so people are downvoting me for reciting the dictionary definition of "criminal" because it apparently doesn't fit their narrative. Sometimes I really don't understand reddit.
Have you not heard of the concept of innocent until proven guilty? Or are they only guilty if you feel they are?
I think you misunderstood my comment somehow. But what I said was 100% accurate. Would care to explain why you think it's not factually correct? Edit: guess not. I guess people would rather just downvote than have a discussion.
Then by that logic, trump is a serial rapist. so the "do you want to vote for a criminal" thing doesn't really work
I already posted this to another commenter but my statement is 100% factual. My statement had nothing to do with either candidate but rather what defines a criminal. You obviously don't like trump based on your comment, and you are absolutely welcome to that position. I don't like really like either candidate but my opinion doesn't change the definition of the term criminal regardless of your political views.
Semantics won't save you here jackass. If a private email server is on level with murder then what about these fuckin rape and sexual assault allegations?
Okay, what crime did she commit.
I'm not going to speculate on anything and try and make shit up - I have been sick of hearing about these emails for months now and my personal opinion doesn't really matter to me, so I doubt it'll matter to you. I'm just pointing out that someone is a criminal immediately following the act of committing a crime and not after they have been prosecuted.
Fair enough friend. We can at least find common ground in the fact that we're tired of hearing about the emails....so long as you aren't a cubs fan. Go Tribe!
Or that guy's homophobic idiot VP
Pence is the worst, and I'm annoyed more people aren't talking about how he's probably more dangerous than Trump.
Yes and where she discussed rigging the Palestinian polls among other things- yes, you should definitely like her more!
More details, please. Genuinely interested.
“I do not think we should have pushed for an election in the Palestinian territories. I think that was a big mistake,” said Sen. Clinton. “And if we were going to push for an election, then we should have made sure that we did something to determine who was going to win.” Just type Hillary Palestine Rigging Election into bing
Yeah, no. There's not a single reputable news agency carrying the story. In fact, the top results are from Infowars and Russia Today. You hear it in a conspiracy, I hear it as the intelligence was lacking to know the likely result before it happens (as in, lack of polling).
I'm not a big Hillary fan at all but I did vote for her, and I will admit that the transcripts from her Wall Street speeches only made me like her a little more. I *really* did not expect that at all.
No man, I consulted my secret insider ~~4chan~~ FBI source and he said that this is like, at least 3.8 Watergates.
Sorry, you need "experts".
Not only is it likely that these new emails won't drastically change the previous decision, it's likely that there aren't actually a ton of new emails for them to review. The emails haven't been processed yet, so we don't know to what extent they are duplicates of emails already collected and reviewed. If the emails were sent to or from individuals from which emails have already been processed, the FBI doesn't need to re-review them. So out of "tens of thousands" of emails, maybe they closely review a couple thousand new emails? Maybe a few hundred if there's a lot of overlap? In any event, that kind of drastically reduces the chances that they will find a smoking gun within those emails.
r/the_donald is inconsolable.
[deleted]
Good one man...sure showed him /s
[deleted]
Awww hurt feelings? Why not take your throwaway back to your safe place.
No safe place, no safe place. You're the safe place!
Do you guys take classes in projection, or does it just come naturally?
To the contrary, they upvoted this and seemed to be quite happy about the idea: http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/10/30/new-poll-34-percent-less-likely-to-vote-for-clinton-after-new-email-revelations.html I think the only thing that could make them inconsolable is election returns on November 9th.
Nah, they'll just double down on the "rigged" rhetoric. I suspect the massive Latino turnout that Trump is inspiring will be seen as proof of voter fraud or something equally ridiculous.
Man, I'm almost certain this will never be seen over there in a million years. It doesn't fit the narrative, so it'll get downvoted.
"experts" Gee guys, let's trust these people with cool names who tell me Hillary did nothing wrong.
I mean, unless they find something like "HAHA! I TOTALLY BROKE THE LAW, SHHH DON'T TELL ANYONE", it's still going to fall under the previous findings of no intent of mishandling classified info even if she did so, right?
I posted this a little farther up, but this sums up the trouble she is in. And no saying Huma will be the one charged. If Hillary sent it she will be charged. She mishandled classified data. That's a very big deal. You see, prior to all this Wiener drama it was "unproven" that any classified information was ever unsecure (leaked,hacked). Even bleaching files and hammering phones can be argued for securing purposes. Now that it's come out that these emails were there because of an auto sync function proved beyond a doubt that sensitive material had become unsecured. This wouldn't have happened if Hillary and her staff followed protocol. I almost feel bad for her (I don't)
Also, Huma would be the one having charges brought against her regarding this unless they find an email from hillary saying "make sure you put all these on your laptop at home"
"And hide this from Comey. That guy is such a dickhead. Man he needs to get laid more --HRC"
"PS: Why hasn't that gorilla been taken care of yet?"
Translation. There is a high probability nothing new comes from this AND that these emails are duplicates of previous emails from Huma.
based on random "experts" while other random "experts" say it could be damning.
Yeah i dont really believe much until these anonymous experts and officials become real people, on either side of the spectrum.
While I am not a fan of Clinton and will likely be voting for Trump I would encourage you all to get out and vote no matter who you support! 9 days to go! Make sure you know where your local voting booths are well ahead of time!
Brave.
It's not just brace, it is stupid. Voting for Trump is to vote for an economic plan that is certain to harm you as it will cause a massive economic contraction. This isn't 2012, 2008, 2004... One of these people is a Bad Idea for the presidency based wholly on fact and impartial analysis.
Kiddo, let's be fair, you know fuck all about economics. Just like you know [absolutely nothing about law](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/5a6auc/fbi_doesnt_have_warrant_to_review_new_abedin/d9e76sa/).
You're right - I only majored in it at one of the best universities in the country and then went straight from undergrad to working in investment banking. And I ultimately ended up being correct about the warrant, as the FBI ultimately had to obtain a warrant as is on the front page of every news outlet in the country. In fact, you even linked to an article that bluntly states that they required a warrant:
I disagree with your choice but I respect you for voting. No matter the party you vote for: D, R, G, C, L, I or other. For the love of god vote. The easiest way to be irrelevant is to not vote: I'M LOOKING AT YOU OTHER U30S.
Yes thank you for respecting others' opinions instead of screaming "racist!" at us, stealing signs, beating up homeless people, etc
first civil response i've ever gotten in this sub, cheers friend. > I'M LOOKING AT YOU OTHER U30S. unaware. wasn't that a mid-range laptop from a few years back? my friend has a u30s
Hey man, a civil post deserves a civil response. Kudos!
>Hey I got a ring up here too. Mine says love. Think about that. >EVERYBODY LOVE EVERYBODY Cheers to civility. I think we can all take a cue from Jackie Moon.
What?! You mean this was just a partisan Republican stunt to try to subvert an election?! While also blatantly violating the Hatch Act and the constitution?! I'm shocked, shocked I tell you.
If anything this helps her, it takes all the attention away from wikileaks.
Wikileaks are a dud. This doesn't help. Given that the discussion is about Comey now means that it probably won't hurt much either.
It's not the smoking gun first thought but it's certainly not a dud. It's a real look at how her and her campaign actually work and it's not a good looking picture. Taking away the criminal accusations it's shows so much lies, collusion and just genuinely not caring at all for people outside their votes. Stories about a big mysterious FBI investigation help her because she can attack the source and make enough noise till election to not allow it to become anything, if the mainstream media were publishing the stories everyday about how her campaign referred to voters or how they colluded directly with the Dnc and media it would hurt her more.
It's a dud. All it showed was a campaign brainstorming ways to direct the campaign, which they never did for the "controversial" revelations. Also a risotto recipe.
What are you referencing when you say the 'controversial' revelations? I only ask because I don't think you have actually followed them, more came out today they are now at something like 35000 of 55000. No there is no damming proof of criminality but the whole argument for Clinton was 'she cares', that she will actually deliver on progressive policy and will fight for the middle classes and these emails pretty much proof that is false. The way her campaign talks about voter groups and just the disregard for anything other than themselves is shocking and is why it's being kept away from the news. Nobody wants to hear there shinning light refer to voters as needy latinos and worse and I can see why but I just don't know how people can still so brashly stand behind her.
The campaign's objective is to get her elected, not to spend days talking about how much they want to help people. Think about the work/conversations that happen at your local police station - those men and women might all be on the force because they want to make the community safe, but the majority of their work is going to be dealing with people as case numbers. That's just the nature of the job, and same goes for political campaigns. Personally, I think Clinton's record as an advocate for children and women show that she obviously cares about people - and conversely, I doubt there's a single story out there in which Trump is shown to care for anyone not named Trump.
The emails aren't just from this election cycle they start in 2009 up until mid 2015, I think there are some Podesta from this year to. This wasn't just time she was trying to get elected this was also while she was in office and the tone never changes. Its the same disconnect and every decision is for votes or donations. What are you talking about when you say her 'record as an advocate for children and woman'? Please don't mention CHIP also, its Clinton's supporters go to reference and she was barely involved.
>a real look at how her and her campaign actually work and it's not a good looking picture As Sanders has pointed out, this is how campaigns work, and it's no surprise. If we could see the internal workings of any campaign, it'd be much the same thing.
Yup. Its the republicans' fault that huma's emails ended up on her pervert husband's computer.
Well it isn't hillary's fault. Pretty sure the only one at fault is huma.
Nice deflection but not at all about what he said.
It's funny that you call Huma's husband a pervert when Trump himself admits to walking in on teenage pageant contestants dressing rooms.
You know it IS possible to think one terrible act doesn't negate another terrible act.
The difference isn't the acts, but the position of those who have committed them. One is the actual candidate, the others are spouses.
How about they're both perverts? There can be more than one...
Yes, I agree. But I find that People who support trump deny this and act like they're talking the moral high ground
There can only be one highlander so I assume there can only be one of everything.
> blatantly violating the Hatch Act and the constitution? Comey did neither of these things. First, the constitution was written long before the FBI ever existed and states nothing relative to this situation. Second, the Hatch Act states that an elected or appointed official used their position to *intentionally* effect the election. As Comey would've filed for a Warrant anyways, this would've come out regardless of the letter which basically said "I'm gonna have to get a warrant to look at more emails". The letter was not leaked by Comey, not disclosed to the public by Comey, and states nothing that should effect the election. Stop throwing around random laws and claiming people broke them. Most laws you need *intent* to be guilty for good reason. Being incompetent and careless (As both Hilary and Comey appear) is not a crime.
He did both of those things. Hatch Act is pretty obvious; he has much more explosive revelations from his investigations into Trump Foundation and Trump's former campaign manager, but has stayed absolutely quiet about them, compared to the running commentary he's been giving on the Clinton investigation. He's also broken the Fourth Amendment (no unreasonable search or seizure without a warrant). He reported to Congress that a search of Huma's devices turned up emails related to the Clinton investigation 2 days before he even got a warrant to search the devices. A blatant violation of the Fourth Amendment.
> he has much more explosive revelations from his investigations into Trump Foundation and Trump's former campaign manager, but has stayed absolutely quiet about them, compared to the running commentary he's been giving on the Clinton investigation. ...you know this how? You have direct knowledge of the results of the FBI investigation in Trump? What are you waiting for then? Go release that yourself. > He's also broken the Fourth Amendment (no unreasonable search or seizure without a warrant). He reported to Congress that a search of Huma's devices turned up emails related to the Clinton investigation 2 days before he even got a warrant to search the devices. A blatant violation of the Fourth Amendment. He didn't break the Fourth Amendment. The devices were searched in the course of a separate investigation and they discovered that there were emails that pertain to the Clinton email server investigation. It's like the cops searching your home on a warrant due to drug charges and finding a weapon you used in an assault you committed. Finding that weapon isn't a violation of the 4th amendment just because they weren't specifically looking for it when they found it.
>...you know this how? You have direct knowledge of the results of the FBI investigation in Trump? What are you waiting for then? Go release that yourself. Don't have to, the Senate has already said they have FBI sources who have told them that Comey is sitting on Trump revelations. 3 seconds on Google would have saved you the embarrassment of looking like you don't know what you're talking about. >He didn't break the Fourth Amendment. The devices were searched in the course of a separate investigation and they discovered that there were emails that pertain to the Clinton email server investigation. It's like the cops searching your home on a warrant due to drug charges and finding a weapon you used in an assault you committed. Finding that weapon isn't a violation of the 4th amendment just because they weren't specifically looking for it when they found it. If the have a warrant to search your house for marijuana plants, and then while they're there they sit down and search your computer and find evidence of wire fraud, it's a blatant violation of the Fourth Amendment.
> Don't have to, the Senate has already said they have FBI sources who have told them that Comey is sitting on Trump revelations. One Senator, not the Senate. Who never said anything about FBI sources. He actually said “In my communications with you and other top officials in the national security community, it has become clear that you possess explosive information." He never states how it has become clear. Or why he's the only Senator who has put this information together and spoken out about it. I would think if it was so obvious after communicating with the right few people that more Democrats would be speaking out about this. Forgive me for my skepticism that Harry Reid actually knows what the FBI has found in their investigations. > If the have a warrant to search your house for marijuana plants, and then while they're there they sit down and search your computer and find evidence of wire fraud, it's a blatant violation of the Fourth Amendment. Your analogy is just so far off from the reality of the situation. They were examining the computers because of allegations that Weiner was sending pics of his weiner to someone underage through email. When they went through the metadata on the emails on his and Huma's computers they found emails related to the Hillary email server investigation. It's not like searching for weed and then browsing the computer whatsoever.
>One Senator, not the Senate. Who never said anything about FBI sources. He actually said “In my communications with you and other top officials in the national security community, it has become clear that you possess explosive information." He never states how it has become clear. Or why he's the only Senator who has put this information together and spoken out about it. I would think if it was so obvious after communicating with the right few people that more Democrats would be speaking out about this. Forgive me for my skepticism that Harry Reid actually knows what the FBI has found in their investigations. Exactly. That's the point. Reid and the American public don't have any idea what Comey has found because he hasn't given a big press conference about what he's found in the Trump investigations, and he's not providing play by play commentary like he is on the Clinton investigation. He's clearly playing partisan politics with the two investigations, a clear violation of the Hatch Act. It's so blatant that even Bush's ethics counsel (ie: the guy who had no worries about Bush lying to the public about WMDs or publicly outing CIA operative Valerie Plame) has officially filed a complaint against Comey. >Your analogy is just so far off from the reality of the situation. They were examining the computers because of allegations that Weiner was sending pics of his weiner to someone underage through email. When they went through the metadata on the emails on his and Huma's computers they found emails related to the Hillary email server investigation. It's not like searching for weed and then browsing the computer whatsoever. Not at all. Weiner and Abedin would have had to have separate email accounts since they were all using different email servers. Abedin wasn't a party to this investigation and any warrant would have surely been limited to Weiner's email accounts since he's the only one under investigation. The second they started snooping in Abedin's account, they were violating the Fourth Amendment. That's why they needed a second warrant that they just got earlier this evening. Except they had to have already been poking around in her account to find those emails. Oops.
> Reid and the American public don't have any idea what Comey has found because he hasn't given a big press conference about what he's found in the Trump investigations So Reid doesn't actually know anything? You said the exact opposite 2 messages ago. Comey hasn't held a big press conference because the investigation into Trump isn't finished and he isn't recommending whether or not to press charges yet. > Not at all. Weiner and Abedin would have had to have separate email accounts since they were all using different email servers. Abedin wasn't a party to this investigation and any warrant would have surely been limited to Weiner's email accounts since he's the only one under investigation. The second they started snooping in Abedin's account, they were violating the Fourth Amendment. If you're being investigated for a computer crime I guarantee that they search your wife's computer also and that that computer would be included within the parameters of the original search warrant. Why would it have been limited to his email accounts? He had easy access to her account and was accused of a crime using the computer. Of course they're going to check her computer and emails too. This isn't a 4th amendment violation. If it was don't you think Clinton would have lawyers filing petitions by now? If Huma's laptop was seized improperly don't you think she would have raised all hell about it?
Comey stated in his memo that he thought the American people should know. That's a pretty obvious sign of his intent.
Not according to the way they decided not to prosecute Clinton. He didn't hold a press conference, he informed congress. Members of Congress released the information, which was their discretion, not his.
Except in his memo to the FBI he stated: > Of course, we don’t ordinarily tell Congress about ongoing investigations, but here I feel an obligation to do so given that I testified repeatedly in recent months that our investigation was completed. **I also think it would be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record.** At the same time, however, given that we don’t know the significance of this newly discovered collection of emails, I don’t want to create a misleading impression. In trying to strike that balance, in a brief letter and in the middle of an election season, there is significant risk of being misunderstood, but I wanted you to hear directly from me about it.
Note that it wasn't a press release. He told congress, members of Congress opted to release the information. Due to the high profile case and the fact that the outcome was reviewed by a congressional board, he was obligated to inform them of new information. And the fbi agents knew of the case weeks prior (according to a few news sources), so it's safe to assume they felt it important enough to inform the director. It doesn't matter that he mentioned that the information should be released, mostly because he didn't release it.
Who said it had to be a press release? He released info to congress fully knowing and expecting it to be released to the public - *by his own admission*. That's like saying "I just told a reporter - it's not my fault they put it in the newspaper". He was under no legal obligation to make his findings known at he time he did. He didn't (and still doesn't) know what he had. Again, the FBI has absolutely no legal obligation to keep Congress informed of ongoing investigations into their political rivals, or anyone else for that matter - *as Comey's stated himself*. In fact, Congress has no authority over members of the executive branch whatsoever.
A reporter is a member of the press, congress is a body of elected officials who have the right to release the information at their own discression. It's a pretty notable difference. Let's note that the letter was sent to a committee which included both parties. He also testified to a congressional committee that the FBI had completed the investigation. Not retracting that and informing them that the investigation may be reopened could have legal repercussions and cause multiple issues. He's not only within his right to contact congress about the new information, but he was essentially obligated to. As for the roles of the government, things have obviously been pretty confusing since the judicial branch decided that the an executive branch bureau could decide whether or not to pursue charges.
I tend to agree, I think most people have made up their minds one way or another about Hillary and her emails, and this sub kind of proves it. Trump supporters come out of the woodwork to claim that this proves something or other, and the rest of rational humanity see it for what it is. Meanwhile, the increasing small group of undecideds doesn't change.
If you're undecided at this point I highly doubt you're voting. If they haven't pledged their support for trump because of obvious reasons and haven't pledged it for Clinton because of other obvious reasons then this isn't going to make them think trump is a good idea all of a sudden despite what his supporters seem to think.
"experts"
As opposed to you? At least you got the quotes right, but forgot to capitolize or punctuate.
Capitalize.
nothing-burgers arent all that nourishing; nor are they filling.
Seriously, where the hell is this "nothing burger" coming from all of a sudden? This is the fourth thread I've seen it in in 24 hours. The only thing I can think of is [this.] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?list=FLaiip4NdMZLHfkuuq8v0UgA&index=195&v=jYyBZE0kBtE)
An ugly SOB, head of Hillary Super Pac Priorities USA, Paul Begala. He is a frequent CNN "contributor". He has shingles on his forehead.
Classic mental thing that happens with humans; you hear a word or phrase that nicely describes something, and you find yourself using it in that context frequently in the following days. People pick up "nothing burger" and then regurgitate it without really realizing; easy to do.
I must report this back to the ~~Mainframe~~ Study Group. Thank you, fellow human!
http://www.barrypopik.com/index.php/new_york_city/entry/nothing_burger It comes from the 50s, was popularized in the 80s by a lady Reagan appointed to the head of the EPA.
I love our language. Etymology of words and origins of idioms are endlessly fascinating. Thanks!
I can guarantee that this post will make it to /r/politics front page and the one about how the new emails may be related to Clinton's email server won't come close.
I can guarantee you that no one cares about your tears.
I care, so do millions of us
That's cute.
Experts that haven't seen the emails. If they were about planning a wedding and yoga they wouldn't have tried so hard to hide them.
If you'd been maliciously prosecuted for 30 years, and had to file your business emails, you'd probably separate your personal emails out first, right? As far as I can tell, the only way Hillary haters will trust Hillary is by proving the negative regarding her guilt/innocence.
Huma wasnt hiding anything...
This sort of thing happens from time to time in large document collections. Something gets missed and then gets reviewed later in the process. Usually this doesn't have an impact on a presidential election, but there's a first time for everything. Additionally, in any collection of emails, if you collect from a bunch of people who send emails to each other, you end up collecting the same emails multiple times. That's why people suggest that there are a bunch of duplicates to remove: if there are emails sent to or from any individuals for which the FBI has already reviewed emails, they've already seen them and don't need to review them again. But they certainly have to proceed as if there are new emails that are relevant to the case out there.
Now who said they tried (hard) to hide these?
When you bring out a cloth to wipe a server, you use a lot of elbow grease. It's hard work!
Would you like to hear a different perspective on "If you've done nothing wrong, you've got no reason to hide anything"? I'd like to explain it, but am unsure as to whether it'd be treated neutrally.
Oh look, more people telling you how to think. Better jump on it ;)
Sounds a lot like you and your fellow Trump supporters and whatever Donnie vomits out of his mouth eh? Must be nice to have some company for once.
That's rich coming from deplorables who will gladly suck the ever living cock out of whatever mentally challenged thing that Alex Jones says next.
Oooo insults, I'm shaking in my booties. ;)
I would hope not, an internet insult should never make one scared lol. The only real point of it is for the rest of us to laugh at.
Carry on!
I already have been
> whatever mentally challenged thing that Alex Jones says next uncool man
Don't you get banned for posting opposing opinions on the_donald?
Lol, I've actually been banned from there for a few days. Got a bit too high off my own motivation supply.
Yes same happens in /r/hillaryclinton. It falls under the rule of "No negative campaigning". Which is not shocking, since it's SUPPOSED to be a positive sub reddit. I think some of you are really delusional to think that /r/politics is better than the Donald because it doesn't ban dissident opinions.
Well yeah, Comey said in July that the key factor was intent. Unless the new emails prove intent what could they possibly change?
You can justify your mental gymnastics any way you want but when you violate federal law. That makes you a criminal. When you break the law and delete 30,000 emails after being subpoenaed. That makes you a criminal. I mean Jesus she carelessly and recklessly handled classified material, and lied to the FBI which has been verified by Comey. People like you go " well then if she hasn't been prosecuted then she's not one." Are you just that much of a sheep that you can't call a spade a spade? If someone willfully violates our laws, and acts like she's above it you're okay with that?
Jesus... you guys are still telling yourselves this?
More tin foil on your hat.
OMG! How could they even know this? Seriously this sub is getting desperate
Source: "Experts" The really can't say one way or another at this point. They reviewed 30k before, and this trove is 650k. Likely everything that was deleted and never reviewed is included.
How the fuck would they know? Have they read them? Utter garbage!!
You can ask the same questions to the trump camp claiming that they are damning.
Do you guys really believe someone under FBI investigation could win the presidency? Oh that's right you're all paid Clinton commenters
>Oh that's right you're all paid Clinton commenters The delusion of Trump supporters is just unhealthy at this point. Yes, even though Hillary is way ahead in the polls "everyone" who supporters her must be a "paid Clinton commenters".
Given that both major party candidates are under FBI investigations, I'd say it's a certainty someone will.
So what exactly is Trump under FBI investigation for? Not releasing is taxes? Hillary is the equivalent of mafia crime boss!
Looking at the polls I'd say it's a distinct possibility.
a) I wish was paid to own the shit out of loser trumpeters. b) Classical conspiracy theorist thinking: "everyone else is shills except for me, only I am smart enough to have taken the wool off my eyes and seen the truth."
The Comney being a Russian secret agent thing didn't catch on, time to test out another talking point until one sticks, I guess. The new emails could very well include stuff that catches Clinton, Human, or other parts of the inner circle on perjury if nothing else.
i'll save you some time holding your breath, nothing will come of this
This is how people insult your intelligence. Voters couldn't possibly absorb new information and let it affect their decision. These same people are probably claiming Comey broke the law by affecting the election.
Yes, "voters" are the ones determining whether to charge Clinton.
Yeah it's not like there's something called the Hatch Amendment.. Nah....
lol you're so desperate!
Sounds like you are. You are trying so hard to make this new email development a controversial issue and people who support her don't believe this shit show.
The literally dozens of people who support her lol. Sorry to tell you but polls shows over 1/3rd of voters say this will influence their vote.
Please show me those polls. Even if they did exist, was it 1/3rd of **hillary** voters saying this? Because otherwise it means literally nothing. EDIT: I found your poll, and another [CBS/Yougov poll](https://today.yougov.com/news/2016/10/30/key-battlegrounds-tight-clinton-maintains-eight-po/) specifically to Hillary supporters. 1% of Clinton supporters in that poll said it made them less likely to vote for her, 6% were waiting to see what effect it would have, 53% said it made no difference, 13% said it made them more likely to vote for her, and 27% had already voted. For undecided voters, 21% said it made them less likely to vote for her, 13% were waiting to see what effect it would have, 49% said it made no difference, and 17% had already voted. This is before we found out that it's a non-story.
Desperate is informing someone on the existence of a relevant amendment? Lol k
Nah, that's BS. dems can't claim Comey is great in July then a partisan hack now. He did himself in by his testimony to congress. It wedged him into this position he felt he had to go public albeit prematurely. Do I expect anything significant here? No. but I could be wrong. Will it change my vote? Not even close. I'd rather vote for someone politically corrupt than someone void of any ethical and moral compass like trump. I truly think he is, at his core, a vile human being. Hillary would get destroyed by any competent candidate.
> Nah, that's BS. dems can't claim Comey is great in July then a partisan hack now. One can praise a person for one thing and then turn around and criticize them for another. You know like how Trump supporters are praising and defending him for this while before calling him crocked and corrupt.
Yes that's a group you want to emulate.
Yeah, it's a very hypocritical argument, but I will say it's at least a little warranted since this incident is occuring 11 days before an election which is kind of insane. Also I pretty much agree with the rest of your comment haha.
"experts" ...... Oh
Expert whats? Expert precogs? What expertise qualifies somebody to say what decisions somebody is likely to make based on evidence they have not seen?
Experts in document collection for legal proceedings. Missing a device or source happens from time to time; usually the two legal parties discuss it and collect the additional emails. But additional collections usually amount to little. Assuming the additional emails are from someone who is in frequent communication with people for which documents have already been reviewed (I'd say Huma counts here), you get a lot of duplicates. For example, emails from Huma on Weiner's laptop to Hillary would show up in the original set of documents. While there's always the possibility that there's an email in which Huma and Hillary discuss something illegal that Hillary deleted, but in that case it's likely Huma also deleted it. The FBI has to do their due diligence and look at the emails just in case this sort of thing exists. But it's more likely that we're just getting more of the same.
What part of that makes them espers
Because this is a document collection for a federal investigation. So people who have experience with this sort of thing (aka, experts), would suggest that this is not some sensationalist smoking gun. They've seen this before, and in many cases it amounts to nothing. They're not saying there's no chance it doesn't change things, just that it's unlikely, because in many other cases where this occurs it hasn't mattered.
[Ooooooh, saucy baby.](https://i.imgur.com/VbHchMn.jpg) Thanks for clearing that up, "experts." Tune in tomorrow for the real story.
(((experts))) who haven't read any of the emails agree, don't worry.
Lol "experts".. I think we can slowly stop calling liberals "experts" on anything.
[deleted]
Well, no. And you could have learned that by reading the article.
Or not
Nor that she selected the 30,000 emails she turned over or anything. I mean, come on, they looked through so many it would be IMPOSSIBLE for a politician to have done something illegal in emails that wern't hand selected to turn over.
Well that's coming from Comey. You can try and insult me, but you just make yourself look like a fool. You just take a portion of a sentence, and put it out as though that was the whole thing. You're just dishonest.
