As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil) * Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks) * Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail. * In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users. * Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not. Incivility results in escalating bans from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own. *** *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
To everyone who thinks whatever gets released will be something like Trump being racist, I think that it's both more likely and more damaging if something gets released showing he doesn't believe any of the stuff he actually says. Also, it's probably going to be not that major if it does get released.
Unless it's a video of something bad, I don't think it will do too much damage. Trump's supporters will discard anything merely written in an article
Discard it? They won't even read it.
Can they really do that?
Read? Probably not.
I'm leaning toward thinking it'll be something related to the sex parties. Wilson called one of the oppo hits the "chaser" to the "shot" that was the initial Daily Beast article on the parties. [http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/10/24/inside-donald-trump-s-one-stop-parties-attendees-recall-cocaine-and-very-young-models.html](http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/10/24/inside-donald-trump-s-one-stop-parties-attendees-recall-cocaine-and-very-young-models.html) [https://twitter.com/TheRickWilson/status/790737025972391936](https://twitter.com/TheRickWilson/status/790737025972391936) I mean, at this stage I'm thinking nobody would blink an eye at him using racist language, and Wilson hinted that the really damaging oppo would have even Trump supporters going "whoa!?"
What if it's a photo with the victim who's accusing him of raping her as a child?
And her giving him one of those Ivanka style head-in-lap special cuddles...
She seduced him! /s
Could be "Trump Model Management = child sex trafficking"...
Model management in the 1980s and early 90s WAS basically child sex trafficking. Given Trump's competitive bromance with John Casablancas I'd believe just about anything.
Ho boy.
Well, more like a vanload of ho boys.
It would have to be something really, really nasty to get them turned off which is why I leaned with the abortion thing. Wilson could be just bullshitting but at times he seems pretty sure the oppo is going to drop and he said today that the Democrats had the info.
Doesn't Wilson just throw a bunch of shit at the board and because of the law of large numbers he occasionally gets one right and thinks himself a great prognosticator?
Yes. He does sort of relish in this twitter celebrity but he is really hitting this one hard and Frank Luntz is also now claiming it.
It's weird that these two specifically would have the info about to drop but no one else dropping it.
On some of the forums I frequent, we figured one of the most damaging things that could show up are records showing he paid for abortions for one (or more) of the underage girls at his sex parties. That's just speculation though. I'm just hoping whatever this is makes people forget about an old laptop.
Paid for by the Trump Foundation of course!
I think it'd be even more damaging if the girls worked for Trump Model Management.
Paid for abortions... with Trump Foundation money, please.
Yeah....but emails! No breaks!
> with Trump Foundation money Directly tied to Vladimir Putin and channeled through Iran
Think more likely the stuff Reid referred to, about an arrangement between Putin and Trump.
That would probably flip Texas if that shit happened.... an email from trump to putin or other people
No, Trump supporters love Putin now. He is a strong (read white) leader who doesn't take truck from muslims.
Again wild speculation but Rick Wilson claims that it is something that may even make hardened Trump supporters out of it. (This is not my commentary but just reading Rick Wilson's mind): Considering how Rick speaks about Trump voters racism, praise of Clinton in past, etc would not phase them. Pushing abortion (a long held rumor) may be that thing.
Imagine if of all the charities he didn't donate money to, the one he did was Planned Parenthood.
A long term gay relationship might do the trick. With a male prostitute, or a minor, might turn off his base.
> something that may even make hardened Trump supporters out of it. Trainers hate him, but this one trick will make you ripped like a nordic god... I hope it crushes him, but lets be real. News is media. Media is money for views. Hype gets more views. We.Fall.For.It.Every.Time.
They won't believe it. And they would say that was the past and he has moved on and learned from it. If they haven't abandoned him by now, they won't. He could say they are all stupid and naive and he has been playing them this whole time and most would still vote for him over *crooked Hillary*.
This will be difficult considering Trump himself acclaimed he could shoot someone and wouldn't lose any voters.
ah, that would be a big one. people have been speculating for quite a while now that Trump has paid for some abortions in his time.
Meanwhile, we'll be [like](http://i.imgur.com/0k9kocr.gif)
Any idea what that clip is from, it's hilarious!
Thats why I think if it really is anything, it would have to be something showing he is a total bullshitter. It wouldn't even be new information really. Everyone not voting for Trump as well as some of his supporters know he has never held a consistent position on anything, not even free trade. Furthermore, he was willing to delegate [domestic and foreign policy](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/4tr29e/report_trump_camp_offered_to_make_kasich_most/) to Kasich in exchange for him being his VP. Edit: Honestly, I'm not sure how much I care about the opposition research effecting the race, if I could get something that didn't affect the race that much, but was the kind of thing to soar straight to the top of /r/all and cut straight through all the Trump shitposts, that would make me pretty happy as well.
Honestly, it has to be a sex thing to get the kind of coverage to really be called "big." That's the only thing that's really hurt him and grabs the headlines. Especially after the Comey fiasco.
A) Sex parites B) Pushing woman to get abortion C) Totally mocking his supporters D) Caught on tape out right saying one or more of his key positions it a lie (ie "We can't deport those people. They are going to have to have to get a path to citizenship." type comment.)
I'll take "Sex parties with underage girls from his model agency for $200, Alex"
Didn't A already sort of happen? With the guy coming forward saying he would procure "very young" models for parties that Trump would host back during the 80's and 90's.
Regarding illegal immigration, Trump supporters will just say Hillary is allowed to have a public and private position on things, and so can Trump.
E.) Russia Gonna be the extended version of his [2013 admission that he is close with Putin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dn1ZK2kcfQ8), but it will be an hour long video of them sitting in a hammock drinking sparkling water, and all of their homophobic supporters will disavow them over it. It will be chaos in the streets of Moscow. With rampant 'sexual orientation *hysteria*' everywhere. Men in heels, woman wearing pants, the world goes crazy. This is how it ends.
I am going to go with. Admits he is an atheist on tape within the past year.
Trump's TelePrompTer: Campaigning these past few [insert time period after recording] has truly changed me. It really really has.
> Admits he is an atheist on tape within the past year. Cartman: "[Fuck Jesus](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/EzgRwiuOgCA/maxresdefault.jpg)"
I see less admitting to be an Atheist instead more just mocking Christianity and Jesus as being stupid and such.
"Eve's got some tits on her. Beautiful. Just beautiful."
Oohhh that's a good one. Dude clearly doesn't give a fuck about religion and if it was proven he was pandering to evangelicals that would kill his evangelical vote
Trump admitting the wall will never be built would shatter Republican turnout. That seems to be the one and only thing so many of them care about. Even Ann Coulter shit herself when it was momentarily implied there wouldn't be a physical wall.
Except he said that, and then walked it back, and nobody cared. The problem with trying to figure out what it'll be is that Trump has already done basically everything.
He literally told a bunch of reporter that every time he sees a crowd getting bored, he just goes, 'And we are going to build a wall!'
what are we going to do?? BUILD A WALL! whos gonna pay for it? MEXICO!! Its his little mini pep rally he interjects when he sees them getting that glazed look in their dopey eyes.
My mom and I have been talking for weeks about how there's no way in Hell there's not a woman out there that Trump pressured into getting an abortion. Any chances...?
Probably. And he probably paid her off well and has her under some kind of NDA.
I sincerely doubt he's got the foresight to legally suppress any legitimate claims.
He is notorious for having everyone around him sign NDA's about everything. He is either really paranoid or has done a lot of shady shit.
> Pushing abortion (a long held rumor) may be that thing. That's actually the only thing I could see dissuading my parents from Trump.
To vote for who though? Stay home maybe?
At this point, the people undecided between Trump and Clinton are not the most important deciding factor. The most important factor is the people who are undecided between Trump and none or Clinton and none.
That's the ideal result for Democrats, stops them voting Republican downballot. That said I think Wilson is being dramatic and trying to gain twitter followers for his campaign.
Isn't this exactly what Julian Asange did a while back to get people to sit through his fundraiser telethon?
Probably. He was claiming something similar last week, too. That said, this election's been a fucking circus from the start, so I don't know what to think anymore.
Calling it now: Donald forced Melania to have an abortion, against her will.
Wow... dark, but possible.
You want an even darker scenario? Ivanka. Even if it's just a father putting pressure on his daughter to do what he thinks is best for her career, and their relationship is entirely normal, he has said enough weird and creepy shit throughout this campaign for some people assume serious impropriety and stay home from the polls. And that is a real shame, because there are so many better reasons, solidly grounded in indesputible facts, that should have already persuaded those people not to vote for him.
Even darker: it was his baby. I feel dirty saying it and it'd be terrible for Ivanka herself but, given the length and breadth of scandals that haven't even fazed his supporters, it'd take something really dirty and damning to make them back off.
I would imagine he paid for a few abortions during his personal Viet Nam.
Already happened, nobody cared. It was about 1,000 major Trump scandals ago. http://occupydemocrats.com/2016/04/01/bombshell-trump-admits-urged-mistress-abortion-unearthed-audio/
That quote is a little vague. So it could be something more concrete. Also, don't doubt the media's ability to turn old news into new news if it's likely to generate a lot of interest. The article you linked was before he was the nominee. So that quote may carry a lot more weight now.
It is probably one of the few things that could honestly crush his supporters and could possibly create a wave election. I find this highly unlikely but if a story dropped this week with Trump pushing a mistress to get an abortion and it was substantive (ie not just a woman claiming) it would be so massive and give his "campaign" so little time to do damage control it could depress evangelical turnout to the point where Clinton would probably flip AZ, TX, GA, and MO. It would be bad.
Cheating with black woman and then got abortion and then use the fetus for stem cell research to cure a gay trans muslim using obamacare?
... followed by admitting that global warming is not a hoax invented by the Chinese. His supporters would still support him.
There are a few things that would depress his voter turnout: 1. He aggressively pushed for abortions with women he got pregnant. But I kind of doubt this because I don't think he cares how many children he has. 2. He's bisexual and has engaged in sexual acts with men. 3. He's on tape dissing blue collar workers from rural and small towns who make up a chunk of his base. If there is any truth to a major oppo hit coming, I think it is #3. It is absolutely hilarious that he's attracting so many blue collar workers, because Trump is the kind of billionaire asshole who probably makes fun of rednecks.
I think number 3 is the one that would hurt him the least - his supporters would say he was just joking, and he can get away with that joke 'because he's one of us' - a lot of people have no idea he was born a millionaire, they truly buy the self-made man myth.
My bet is that Trump hates NASCAR...
> He's on tape dissing blue collar workers from rural and small towns who make up a chunk of his base. Tapes like that are already public. Among others, this is the guy who said, "How stupid are the people of Iowa?" and he's leading in Iowa.
>He's on tape dissing blue collar workers from rural and small towns who make up a chunk of his base. He literally said "how stupid are the people of Iowa" during the primary...
I think #3 would only really hurt him if he said it while he was running for president, not years before.
I take it you don't spend a lot of time talking with Trump supporters?
They hate the Clintons, and think NAFTA is the reason it's hard for uneducated, unskilled people like themselves to have have a good job, and blame illegal immigrants for everything. Trump said tons of stuff about how great the Clintons are, and he used offshore workers, and he used illegal immigrants to help build some of his buildings, but that was years ago so apparently it doesn't matter.
> He's on tape dissing blue collar workers from rural and small towns who make up a chunk of his base. He is already on record and in court documents about how he tries to stiff them on invoices. How could anything be new AND worse?
The rumors I've read are 1. On video saying the n word. 2. Video where he sexually harassed a woman asking people if they would sleep with her--,believed to be in a boardroom to humiliate the woman. 3. Something involving coke and underage girls (not likely he did the drugs, but a few reports of this already, so wouldn't be surpriaig) I think multiple women saying he forced them to get abortions is good bet, but haven't heard anyone claim that exists. I have read reports that he is gay or bi, so that isn't too crazy. He's supposedly pretty mobbed up, so could be interesting material there too.
Call me a cynic but two would not lose any voters we all know he has done that and his cult thinks he is alpha for it
1 probably wouldn't affect him much either, but any of them would mobilise dems and undecideds against him and their turnout will matter.
How about the trifecta: He had sex with both men and women at an orgy, forced the girl from the orgy to have an abortion and shit talked blue collar workers while climaxing in her?
Wow, then I think I'd switch my vote and vote *for* him.
Just in the interest of getting to sleep tonight, I'm going to head over to /r/gonewild for some...errrr...eye bleach.
Hardly living up to your username if that's where you're headed
Even I have my limits.
And it's criticizing blue collar workers, the backbone of Americas economy.
If you don't, you know you must delete your account. Let us know what you decide.
https://twitter.com/kurteichenwald/status/792868637057044480
why are you guys still putting your hopes into this hack who never delivers? you should be praying for some NBC tape instead
Why bother? Trump is fucked. He's not winning shit
Did you miss the Cuba embargo story? That fucked him in Florida
not really, nobody gave a shit... the only thing that fucked him in Florida and everywhere else was the tape and the media circus around it
Go look at the polls. It came out September 29th and he dropped from even to -3 in a week there lol He can't survive a drop like that in a key state a week from the election right now
Well, [here it is](http://www.newsweek.com/2016/11/11/donald-trump-companies-destroyed-emails-documents-515120.html). Pretty bad, but we'll see how quickly it's forgotten
hopes dashed, his last investigative bombshell was the cuban story, and it fell flat out the door
Not if you follow polling Florida, where the GOP has its best numbers in the Latino community. That story took Florida
I mean, it was a legit bombshell, just Trump is made of Teflon
No its just thats its complicated and hard to say on TV news whne you need ratings
It's sad, but elections are now decided by headlines less than 10 words long. Anything longer than that won't grab the attention of the general public.
You can go to 11 words if you count BOMBSHELL
> grab the attention grab something...
>Teflon It's more like a reeking, clinging, undulating slime that no one wants to risk getting close enough to get on themselves.
Gelatinous Cube 2016
As the other poster pointed out, it certainly didn't play well to Cuban expatriates in Florida, but the reason it fell flat generally is -- despite the unethical and indeed illegal way Trump acted, no one really cared about the Cuba embargo to begin with. It's like a story about how Trump has thousands in unpaid parking fines. Okay, yeah, he shouldn't have done that. But is it disqualifying on an ideological level? Of course not. The embargo should have been ended years ago. It's not like he was doing business with North Korea or something. Not that I'd put it past him.
Trading with the enemy isn't disqualifying on an ideological level?
It's an enemy we hate so much we got rid of the embargo and normalized diplomatic relations. It's disqualifying for Cuban expats, that's true. For the rest of us, Cuba's no longer North Korea-lite. It's a future Caribbean vacation with cool cars and cheap booze.
When he did what he did it was during the late 90s not recently, and it was still being talked about and didn't go through
Cuba was not the enemy in the late 90s. They were "the enemy." No one has given a shit about the embargo since at least the fall of the wall, if not longer. Can you even articulate why we considered Cuba an enemy of the U.S. in the 90s? No? Neither can anyone else. It was a Cold War artifact that took decades to dismantle because of politically motivated finger-wagging. Trump wasn't colluding with the evil empire here. We have normalized relationships with far worse purveyors of human rights abuses and far greater geopolitical opponents of American power. There was neither strategic nor moral basis for the trade embargo. In fact it hurt the people of Cuba terribly.
That's true it happened when Cuba was the enemy. But we only learned about it when Cuba's no longer the enemy. We have short memories.
Which is fucking ridiculous. The shit that Trump gets to slide on compared to the crap that has everyone dumping on Clinton...
I have yet to meet in person somebody who a) is angry about the Hilary Clinton email server, and b) can tell me what they believe the difference is between a private mail server and one run by the state department. It's wild because it makes me wonder how often I fall for propaganda myself. We're so incredibly effective at producing it now it's insane.
it's okay, he was a private citizen when he did that and hillary should've used all her powers to stop him. /s
Trumps voters will not disqualify him, but if he bottoms out on election day it will all be worth it.
Wife and I were just saying imagine it's 2008 and there's a tape of Obama saying he grabs pussies and a few weeks after that a tape where he says he's going to date a 10 year old when she's ten years older. The GOP would've exploded
Absolutely. The problem is they hate the clintons and dems even more. Its the same cog dissonance on display when catholic priests were caught with minors and moved to other parishes. I was catholic once, we had such a priest when i was like 5, luckily i never got involved with the alter boy stuff (yay social anxiety even at a young age?). I found out when i got older and asked my parents WTF how could you not tell me about that shiet we spent a lot of time at the church... the short answer, they make sacrifices for the overall good of the church because the church already has enough "enemies"
Oh, man. So glad you were left alone by those pigs. Must've been tough to deal with that excuse from your folks as you got older.
Ya, when i was growing up they kept trying to get me to be an alter server, so that made me even more pissed off about it. its not that they ever wanted me to be abused, my dad may just have killed a priest if it did happen to me, they just put on blinders, it was bizarre to see smart people do so. In terms of that event it was just another brick in the pile of ruble when my foundation broke down. Happened when i was about 18 after being DEVOUT catholic. Tough parts been that it lead me down a path of addiction and depression that i still struggle with despite being well educated and gainfully employed. the structure i feel i need to get out of this spiral feels too much like religion. its a bit of an excuse but i will say, my parents tell me its so easy that i "lost" my religion. its been the hardest thing of my life trying to piece back together my foundation, basis for logical thought, and social structure. I would certainly be "healthier" if i hadn't changed, but there are somethings you can't unsee after you see them.
Oh, man. I'm so sorry to hear that. It must be tough to deal with. If you're struggling with alcohol, AA isn't even remotely the most effective method and the folks over at /r/stopdrinking are a brilliant support group. A good friend of mine was abused by her father growing up and was heavily medicating with alcohol. I mean heavily. They helped her a ton in the early months on her journey to sobriety and she's been completely sober for over a year, now. No AA. Best of luck to you and if you even need a non-judgemental ear, PM me
Thanks for this. I was for a number of years. I got to a point though where my body was reacting so negatively to alcohol that I couldnt really drink it anymore. Digestive track straight up revolted. Ive honestly found it much harder to quit internet, gaming, and porn. Which is a bit weird, but at least when i drank i passed out so i had to sleep. For sure and thank you! your kindness is certainly felt and im sure makes people around you feel positive.
They would have been literally crying on TV, considering [the other](http://www.dailykos.com/story/2010/3/29/852131/-) absolutely [ridiculous crap](http://talkingpointsmemo.com/livewire/president-obama-peter-king-tan-suit-rant) they actually have gotten outraged about.
Yeah, we said the same thing
Is it mandatory to disagree with someone if you reply to them?
It's a convention. When I agree, I usually say something like, "to further /u/BoatyMcBoatface's point, the candidate should also be jailed for the Swiss File Transfer.
Oh! I'm sorry, I meant the wife and I said the same thing.
They bitched him out for talking about arugula: http://www.debbieschlussel.com/358/out-of-touch-barack-hussein-obamas-arugula-moment/ And asking for dijon mustard on his burger: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cAvq12Sa3VE
I thought this would be a joke.. but Sean Hannity legit criticized obama for wanting dijon mustard on his burger. What. the. fuck.
Michelle and Barack fist-bumped each other at the 2008 Convention and Fox News went on for the better part of a week about how this was evidence that they were terrorists. I wish I were joking. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G_vmQrTi3aM
I mean, imagine a tape of Hilary Clinton boasting to the hosts of *The View* that she loves grabbing attractive guys by the dick and they can't do anything about it because she's rich and powerful. Let alone the other thing.
Such a good point. The 'moral' outrage would've been massive. Nice double-standard
Imagine Obama having 5 kids by 3 different babymamas....
He likely would've have been a Senator
I wouldn't say that fell flat. He went from basically tied in Florida to down several points in the week or so after it broke
Yeah, that story alone could be why he loses Florida. It didnt play to the general electorate, but to the Cuban community in Florida, reliably GOP voters, it was pure cancer.
Exactly. That story was written specifically for Cubans in Florida.
That looks promising.
haha. Yes it does!
It could be good, but the last cover story he had didn't take off they way I was hoping. Hopefully this one does though.
He's been on Trump's charity giving lately, which hasn't been noticed, so I guess it's more about that. Crossing fingers though.
The foundation work has been David Fahrenthold. https://twitter.com/Fahrenthold Eichenwald's big story was the Cuban ties.
[Dear Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin, I Am Not Sidney Blumenthal](http://www.newsweek.com/vladimir-putin-sidney-blumenthal-hillary-clinton-donald-trump-benghazi-sputnik-508635) There was also Trump parroting Russian propaganda that fell right into Eichenwald's lap.
You're right! My bad.
which like every other horrible thing tied to Trump, he was able to brush off.
To the mainstream, don't underestimate the power of that story. Same with the steel story, that hurts him in places he can't recover.
He seems to have lost South Florida to it, so I wouldn't say that much.
Come on Eichenwald you beautiful human being.
What is interesting to me is the earlier tweet where he says it was written before the Comey letter. Could it have something to do with Russia like Reid mentioned? Why mention Comey if it isn't related to the FBI?
Goddamnit Eichenwald, that's like eight hours from now and it's unhealthy to have an erection for that long.
They never say it's unhealthy, per se. Just go to someone you go to for not feeling healthy stuff.
Actually, it's a sign blood flow isn't working properly, and if untreated, can lead to impotence.
Print articles don't hurt Trump, sadly enough.
They do when they're broadcast ad nauseam by the cable news.
Do Eichenwald teasers count as an ED drug? If so I'm heading to the ER in about four hours.
Just read some Ayn Rand, that erection will turn into a button mushroom in no time.
atlas shrugged had a steamy romance that involved cheating on a spouse...not sure thats a cure...
What's all this talk about the presidential erection?
how do you like my erection selection this election? ant man psyching himself up to vote: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KTgT3jZNF6E
In his stream: >Every current/former Dept. of Justice official I speak 2, GOP or Dem, says Comey must resign/be fired 4 election interference. All outraged.
He's also said the story posting tomorrow was written before any of the FBI/Comey stuff.
I'm guessing it's Trump's model agency.
I wonder if it's about what Reid was talking about with respect to Trump / Russia.
perhaps the allegations concerning trump raping a 13 year old girl is finally going mainstream? https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/oct/12/donald-trump-jeffrey-epstein-alleged-rape-lawsuit
Yeah, surprising how little attention that story has gotten.
Oh, that would beglorious.
Can you imagine the party of Reagan, about to vote in a ratted-out Russian mole?? Maybe we'll get to see the tax returns then!
Bigly orious
Belar(i)us?
Lets see, he's a crook but people don't care. He doesn't pay taxes, which pisses me off. He sexually assaults women, we know that. Soo...made a deal with Putin?
There. Is a video floating around for the last few days of Trump saying on video that he has a relationship with Putin. Considering he said exactly the opposite in the debates, I'm baffled to how it has gotten zero play.
Forcing someone to get an abortion or sex parties seems to be the current top bets
Sex parties just reinforces his alpha male status with his supporters.
Unless they have a tape, I don't know that even that will help. Trump will just lie some more.
Picture it. Trump Model Management was a "high-class" escort service, and provided girls to Trump's cocaine-fueled bachanals as well as business partners. Sometimes, these girls got pregnant, and they got a payout on their check labeled "Maternity Bonus" or something to cover the abortion. Find the guy who wrote the checks, and a couple of girls who got the bonuses and have their paystubs, bam. Bonus points if there's video of Trump slamming a rail then going balls deep in an underage Ivanka at one of these parties, but it's not required.
> Trump slamming a rail then going balls deep in an underage Ivanka I'd go over 15% for that...
If he paid for an abortion there could be a paper trail. They'd need pictures of him snorting blow off a hooker's tit for the sex party one though
Ya they need an abortion payment receipt signed by Trump to have an affect.
His Foundation probably paid LOL.
Now *that* would be something.
His foundation paid for Tiffiny's failed abortion. That is why he hates her. (This is in no way a serious comment. Other than the fact he does seem to hate her)
Audio did leak a few months ago of him admitting that he wanted her mom to get an abortion and she didn't.
She also seems to hate him. Have you seen the video of her after one of the debates dodging a kiss like she was in the matrix? Hilarious stuff. You know she's just riding this out for the inheritance.
Rick Wilson has been saying this for weeks now. I'll believe it when I see it.
If it's about Russia his supporters don't care. I've never seen so many Americans so pro-Putin in all my life.
It's not about being "Pro Putin," it's about not wanting to antagonize the only nation on the face of the Earth who's capable of blowing our country off the face of the planet. Why wouldn't we want a working relationship with Russia? What's the point of purposely antagonizing them with a no fly zone in Syria which, according to Clinton, would "kill a lot of Syrians," regardless?
It's nice to see that you guys are good at proving /u/thatgirlfromOhio right.
Alright man, well I guess if being "pro keeping the world far away from total atomic annihilation" is being "pro Putin," than that's what I am. Never thought I'd see the day McCarthyism made it's return in full strength, but here we are. Out of sheer curiosity though, why do you think it would be a bad thing if we got along with the other world nuclear power?
McCarthyism? Seriously? That's your interpretation of this? It's not a bad thing to get along with other world nuclear powers. It is a bad thing to cower to them and ignore their human rights violations.
That's exactly what it is. Hillary doesn't have a good answer for her email scandal, so what her and her supporters have been doing is a classic red herring. She's avoiding the real issues by deflecting onto Russia as a fear mongering tactic, which is, quite frankly, utterly dangerous considering the rapid deterioration in relations between us and them as it stands currently. As for the second point, we bomb the fuck out of the middle east on a daily basis, just the same as Russia. We blew up a fucking hospital in the middle east just this year, killing 80 or so people. Obama and Hillary have been just as bad, if not worse, than Putin. This is just factually correct. Look into Iraq, Libya and Syria and find that out for yourself. Edit: Just a reminder r/politics, the downvote button isn't the "I disagree with you," button. At least try and formulate an argument against the points I'm making rather than just ignoring and downvoting.
It's not her fault Russia is meddling in our election. They've been extremely aggressive in their old satellite zone and in Syria. Putin wants another USSR. The only way he gets it is by capitulating to him.
Jesus, do you people actually believe the ridiculous anti Russian rhetoric the DNC spouts? HRC is a dangerous zealot, whom is completely ok with instigating an international conflict between the two nuclear super powers as long as it helps her, even in the slightest possible way, achieve ultimate power. Please answer this question for me honestly. Do you believe attempting to stop the Russian alliance with the current government of Syria is worth risking full blown atomic war? Because I sure as fuck don't.
> achieve ultimate power. this comment made me laugh, you anti-Hillary banshees all sound crazier and crazier every week. "HILLARY WANTS ULTIMATE POWA!"-- they shrieked from every hilltop
It's weird times we're living in, where the republicans of all people are pro-russia.
Keep in mind Rick Wilson said it was coming this weekend...and he said that Monday or Tuesday. There are still several hours left today, but just take it with a grain of salt. Wilson has been very cocky and confident about it though.
I got curious and clicked this blog spam because it lutz said it, that would be interesting, but he doesn't.
He has tweeted about a few times over the last 36 hours and Rick Wilson has also been tweeting about and says Frank knows.
Did he say *this* weekend? I thought he was hinting at the *final* weekend, i.e. Nov 5th/6th. [https://twitter.com/TheRickWilson/status/792227048634875905](https://twitter.com/TheRickWilson/status/792227048634875905) He's also saying it's up to reporters/editors who been given the oppo: [https://twitter.com/TheRickWilson/status/792703276957339648](https://twitter.com/TheRickWilson/status/792703276957339648)
I thought he was referring to this weekend, but I'll check.
I think you're right and I misinterpreted. He suggested there would be plenty for both weekends, but he said something like the best weekend for dumping oppo is the last weekend. I'd been thinking all week he meant this weekend, but I think you're right.
Actually, after looking through his timeline some more, you might be right: [https://twitter.com/TheRickWilson/status/790737025972391936](https://twitter.com/TheRickWilson/status/790737025972391936) In that thread of tweets, he says "later this week" on Monday the 24th. But all this has made me wonder how this "oppo dump" typically works. I guess the group doing the dump may typically tip off reporters as opposed to making a claim themselves. And the timing is critical because most reputable news organizations won't just run a story without fairly thorough checking and vetting with lawyers.
They might have planned on dropping this weekend but the Comey stuff would have overshadowed it so holding off would be prudent if something is coming
By then millions will have already voted. I don't get this.
They're already seeing Clinton up compared to Trump in most early voting states. If they drop it this week it makes it that much harder for him to catch up on election day
Again this speculation but it is has become apparent that every time Trump has a major scandal it drops the number of GOP voters willing to vote for him but it last only a week or so and that small group of voters seemingly forgive him and come back. So if you are Clinton you know you have an insane ground game advantage and you are going to absolutely crush him on early voting anyway. So if you have a big oppo dump maybe you wait will the week before hand, drop it, let it depress his turnout and run away with it. Again this is all pure, 100% speculation BUT if you did have a major bombshell it is actually fairly possible you might actually want to wait till last minute. Oddly Trump sort of seems to be expecting something as some people have mentioned. He is talking today about how ignore the negative stuff this week and he is going to talk "positive". Maybe his campaign expects something.
Yeah, in many states, GOP win voting day, Dems win early voting. SO you have to have the story fresh in their minds as they go to the polls (as we see, anything he does often gets forgotten, generally, by about a week or two, to the on the fence GOP voter)
And considering the early voting numbers and ground game the early advantage is huge for the Dems and like you said: Trump loses a clump of voters every time and every time they eventually forgive him like nothing happened so it is possible it would actually give you greater impact to dump it this week.
>Oddly Trump sort of seems to be expecting something as some people have mentioned. He is talking today about how ignore the negative stuff this week and he is going to talk "positive". Maybe his campaign expects something. I wonder if they've been getting calls about verifying/commenting on some of the info. Or just general tips from people.
Why would you dump a major oppo research on a weekend? Just stupid.
Some stories have legs all the way though the weekend. Look at the trump bus tape. That came out on a friday night. If its a big enough story, it balloons as people are talking about it among friends over the weekend.
But that was because the debate was that weekend. So Trump's response at the debate AND the tape would be front and center Monday morning.
Dunno, but that's what he tweeted earlier in the week. He's fun to follow if you use twitter.
He is hilarious.
Unlike politically brain-dead Assange, the Clinton team wouldn't try an oppo dump in the middle a media frenzy over a different story -- you get no traction when the press is already vested in an existing story. You wait for a lull then bombs away.
I don't think so. Not 9 days out. Things are entrenched almost completely either way. It's a situation where sending footsoldiers slogging through muddy water is acceptable. Clinton has artillery - ads, gotv, mailers, surrogates. Trump has his big mouth and little else. If they have bombs they will drop. Just my view via a tired metaphor.
A lull and a full media cycle.
^^ This guy. Now tagged "Black Ops".
Tuesday or Wednesday I guess.
Maybe even next Friday late, so there's no way to clean it up before the election. That's what the crook Comey did.
3am et this morning is the most politically beneficial time from Clinton's perspective. No doubt at all. The email shit is a non-story as it relates to Hillary Clinton and we all know about Trump's inablility to maintain a consistent political attack.
No, I think the one think that excites him is attack.
I mean he won't be able to focus on attacking her if some element of his bogus machismo is in danger of being exposed. He likes to say mean things but he has no discipline. It takes very little to get the guy talking about himself. The debates... he lost track of his whole purpose, and his whole agenda, after 25-30 minutes, three times in a row. Either way I don't think Clinton and the Democrats need more Trump scandal to score major victories on election day. They have earned a lot of votes by not being the party of we're fucked, fuck you, and I'm having a bad day.
> he lost track of his whole purpose, and his whole agenda, after 25-30 minutes, three times in a row That's when the cocaine wears off.
The narrative is going to be "did Comey fuck up?" the next few days. There isn't really anything else to consider since I doubt the FBI will say another word about it before the election. Clinton wants that so she won't try to stomp on it. I'd guess by Tues or Wed the frenzy will have peaked. With that said, I think it's 50/50 that anything really damaging about Trump comes out before the election.
You're right. The narrative right now is basically "Comey is a partisan hack". I don't think it's hurting Hillary, though it isn't hurting Trump either. If Hillary can just run out the clock she wins. Trump needs meaningful changes in order to win.
I'd say less than 20 percent. God if they wanted to after the pussy grab, they would have released it at the exact moment media stopped playing it, he would have had more Republicans disowning and not reendorsing him.... my guess is its something ridiculous
She didn't want him to be dropped so they could get a new candidate. That would be the worse case scenario. Wound him and keep him in place is the strategy. And keep stories in reserve so you can take him down again if he shows signs of life.
Nah Friday is too late because it lets her emails be the discussion for the entire week. You do it tomorrow, the whole discussion for the week is on Trump and as long as Comey doesn't do anything else, then that carries the conversation until election day
I like the idea of tomorrow. It can be referred to for all time as "The REAL Halloween MASSACRE!!"
I'd say Tuesday... give Reid Warren and Sanders, Obama, Biden, obama(f), and crew go on the attack to beat this back another full day. Then let the hammer drop. I honest to god don't think they have anything but if they did, that's how I'd play it.
Yeah I mean even during the whole grabembythepussygate, there were strong rumors of 2 more stories that is gonna drop. Its too late for 2 stories, so I wonder if there is even one left
Good point.
I'd say Tuesday, let the Reid issue about COmey refusing to acknowledge the FBI's investigation of Trump's ties to Russia get spread, then you drop the next story (if they have one of course, but its Trump, there's always something on this dude, thank God he was the guy Hillary got to run against really)
I wonder if the Russia thing will actually spread. It was such a small line in Reids letter that has major implications but I don't know if the media will latch on. But yeah, even though she is better than Rubio Cruz and Bush, they wouldn't have 500 stories to investigate to soften the blow of her own shit.
I don't know it would take incredible discipline not to have dumped when this Comey stuff came out. You'd think they would have wanted a distraction. But could be.
They had NO IDEA, that this was dropping on a Friday afternoon because it was so unpressidented. I'm not saying there's a surprise but if she calculated that there was nothing in humas emails subsequently, she may have made the decision to ride it out just a bit.
That's the thing, it would be wasted to dump against the Comey news, you have to have the discipline to wait it out. You have to let that shit burn. That was Julian's mistake trying to counter-dump against the Access Hollywood tape -- no one saw what he posted.
Plus he didn't really have shit
But then you run the risk of it being overshadowed or completely ignored in favor of the "bigger" scandal.
Consider also that they want to see how the Comey story pans out. In some ways, it's beginning to become less about Clinton and more about Comey at this point, and there's been some polling to indicate the effect hasn't been a game changer. Additionally, I think it's plausible to think that Hillary's campaign wants to win on the merits rather than on Trump's shortcomings, so they may well sit on devastating oppo if they think they can weather the storm. Assuming they have devastating oppo, which isn't guaranteed whatever Luntz and Wilson say.
She's been running on Trump's shortcomings the whole campaign; all of her ads have been "Look at this nutcase, seriously".
> I think it's plausible to think that Hillary's campaign wants to win on the merits rather than on Trump's shortcomings I don't think I'm overly cynical, but *come on, man!*
No way, if they had something, they will drop it to help downballots. She needs the senate BADLY, to end this investigation shit.
> Additionally, I think it's plausible to think that Hillary's campaign wants to win on the merits rather than on Trump's shortcomings, so they may well sit on devastating oppo if they think they can weather the storm. Nah man, thats like the Horror film moment when the victim has a weapon and has beaten the murderer unconscious then drops said weapon and walks away only to get stabbed to shit later on because of it. A survivor hacks that motherfuckers head off and jumps up and down on it until you cant tell where their head ends and the dirt begins.
> Additionally, I think it's plausible to think that Hillary's campaign wants to win on the merits rather than on Trump's shortcomings, so they may well sit on devastating oppo if they think they can weather the storm. That's straight ridonkulus. They want to *win*, period, and if they have some big oppo dump to dump, they'll do it before election day. This isn't an episode of the West Wing, dude.
Well let's say Robbie Mook is sitting on a video of Trump taking cocaine hits with underage hookers calling Obama the N-word and thanking Putin for sending him millions of dollars. You release that, you win, by *default*. Your presidency then becomes a default presidency, which undermines your authority etc. Clinton will struggle with this no matter what at this point, and rightly so, it's pretty hard to imagine her beating out any other Republican candidate, except maybe Ted Cruz, but dropping oppo that totally destroys Trump would effectively mean the entire country, even her supporters will see her victory as hollow. I don't think it's unbelievable that Clinton is proud enough to want to avoid that for her own legacy and image. Now, if Clinton believed things were tilting against her, and internals were showing that she was losing ground in a serious way, I have no doubt she'd drop it immediately.
Yeah but if Trump raises he head again in four years they want something in reserve. And it could be used to deter him from lashing out if he loses.
Friday's before a holiday (Halloween in this case) is when you drop stories you WANT swept under the rug. So for big news drops you want **in** the news cycle has to be during the week. Trumps "P-ssy grabbing" drop was on a Friday but since the debate was that weekend it worked great because then Trump's response AND the tape would be front and center in the news cycle come Monday morning. Any and all big Trump news drops are going to have to be realeased this week.
Halloween isn't a holiday in the sense that news dumps require. Those happen on three day weekends.
The Super Bowl isn't a holiday either but dropping news you want glossed over on the Friday before the Super Bowl would be a wise decision. It's more of the "celebratory nature" of the upcoming weekend that's important.
The Super Bowl also takes up a massive amount of news coverage, whereas Halloween doesn't unless something newsworthy actually happens.
Labor Day doesn't take up massive amounts of news coverage. It's the spirit of the weekend that matters. People are busy don't want to be bothered or engaged in issues during the weekend, especially when there is a celebratory spirit surrounding the upcoming days.
Fortunately, Trump has cunningly said something much more ridiculous than this coming story could possibly be, to deflect attention: http://www.star-telegram.com/news/nation-world/national/article111519972.html I think at this point, anyone still voting Trump is not going to be put off by anything other than actual footage of him eating live babies. Preferably with foreign mustard.
I really do think there are people out there on the fence.
As much as I'd love to see that I'm not holding my breath.
I really don't think these stories need to be dumped. Trump will inevitably shoot himself in the foot this week and waste the opportunity he could have used with the emails.
I imagine that everything that anyone has will be dropped next week.
Something something NAMBLA
I hate this sort of thing. If it is so good, it wouldn't need a hype man.
I dunno. Chuck D had a hype man, and he's amazing. It's possible that that's just necessary procedure for maximum impact.
I love this comparison
'wild speculation coming' "That will be something new in this campaign"-said no one ever
This election. I actually don't even.
this isn't even a news article
\*gets popcorn\* Ooooh boy. I figured something on Trump was going to get dumped on Monday.
God bless Rick Wilson.
They said this Friday, and Wilson said something weird...make sure your phones are charged. Huh? Fuck this election, I feel like they are trolling.
He's already going to be prosecuted for raping a 13 year old girl, what could his fans care about? He'd have to be fucking a baby to death with a dead puppy for them to even bat an eyelid.
My Trump bingo card only has one thing left to cross off, so I'll go with that... Hard evidence that he is heavily in debt to Russia and Putin
Give us the N Tapes, Eichenwald!
I'm going to guess the major story will be that Baron is not nearly as good at the cyber as Trump claims.
My guess "trump couldn't have assaulted or offended those women trump himself was actually born a woman."
Yeah, but let's not get too excited just yet, no matter how likely it is that there's more fuel for the fire. Boy would we look silky if we got as hyped over this as Trumpists got over Wikileaks's livestreamed book advertisement.
My bet? Tiffany is inbred, the product of him knocking up his 12 year old daughter Ivanka.
[removed]
[Monster trucks?](http://imgur.com/a/EqbxP)
Good ol' Mountain Dew Camacho. Making America great again. Again.
Hillary can't win on policy alone?
Nobody who cares about and has any understanding of policy was ever supporting Trump to begin with. This whole general election has been a fight for voters who don't even know what 'policy' is.
When has Trump vs Clinton ever been an election based on policy?
How does Trump get people like you to vote against your best interest? Racism? Bigotry?
Hahaha that's funny, Hillary totally has everyone's best interest at heart. Take the blinders off buddy
More than the GOP does. Even if you think Trump's different, he's just one guy and he'd probably rubber stamp everything the GOP wanted to do.
Just stay away from the little girls. You don't have enough money to beat the charges.
Let me know when you're old enough to vote and I'll give you a ride to the polls little buddy
Eh, I actually think she does. I think Hillary is most important to Hillary, what politician isn't? I do think she has real concerns about making a difference with policy.
You've been bamboozled
Trump can? Well I suppose it depends on what trump I'm talking about, right? Since I can find video/evidence of him taking both sides of policy positions on just about everything.
As you can Hillary. Remember when she was against gay marriage? Or the TPP?
Oh sure. A couple things. Trump's has practically flip flopped on everything. He has no positions. I mean, what do trump supporters even believe in? It's hard to figure out.
She's flipped on way more than a couple things, but I don't feel like naming them all. Trump supporters believe in Tougher immmigration laws, removing sanctioned cities for illegals. Protecting the second amendment. Repealing and replacing Obamacare Putting tariffs on American made products outside of the country Setting term limits for congress and senators And many more, all these things trump has been consistent and strong on.
All of which are monumentally bad ideas. We're not going to protect the jobs of yesterday and doom this country to Megachurch Mediocrity. So sorry the Deplorables kept voting for lazy, dumb Republicans who sold them fear, anger & a bible. While you were jerking off to Hannity & Rush on your computer your politicians were doing nothing to prepare for the future. Meanwhile, *a bunch of us were creating those computers*, helped by forward thinking by *our leaders.* And man, we got rich in my town. Teslas everywhere and a rising minimum wage. So thanks...but after this, no thanks to bailing out you losers anymore. Y'alls ruckus has awoken the majority to how ungrateful and entitled the deplorables really are....
Lol.. don't try to group yourself in with smart successful people..you clearly aren't.
Several things you listed Trump has flip flopped on. It's embarrassing that you list these things without knowing that.
Okay then explain what he has flip flopped on
Healthcare, immigration, 2nd amendment, open borders, etc...The list is long.
Trump has any policy? "What policy?"
grabbin' pussy?
http://imgur.com/Rs3tESr
Nah, those thirty-eight clearly delineated policies on her website that she mentions all the time definitely don't exist.
"Hillaryclinton Dot com Hillaryclinton.com hillaryclintonadventures.com" - Hillary at the debates I'm surprised SNL didn't jump on that, it was ripe for parody.
She can... But I would rather see a landslide to be honest.
Clinton has put forth tons of good policy. But it gets zero play. Trump has no policy. MAGA is not a policy. I'll make the best trade deals is not policy. And his supporters don't care. What gets play? The garbage. So we go with the garbage.
Unfortunately she can't. As the rise of Trump has shown there are a depressingly large number of voters who don't give a shit about policy.
It's funny, because keeping Trump out just so happens to be one of the few things more important than policy to me.
Like Trump can?
Wait encouraging voter fraud isn't a policy?
