As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil) * Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks) * Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail. * In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users. * Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not. Incivility results in escalating bans from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own. *** *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Sometimes I feel like the campaigns need this message stickied more than the discussions.
So basically Trump says to commit voter fraud.
[Nope, suck on it.](http://www.mediaite.com/online/cnn-screws-up-says-trump-encourages-voters-to-vote-multiple-times-except-he-didnt/) >“If you go to university center, they’ll give you a new ballot, they’ll void your old ballot. They’ll give you a new ballot, and you can go out and make sure it get’s in. Now in some places, they do that four or five times, but we don’t do that. So by tomorrow, almost everyone will have their new ballots in.”
And he's wrong, as you cannot change your vote once it has been received by an election official and thus, if they have received your ballot, they cannot "void" it as he claims.
>“If you go to university center, they’ll give you a new ballot, So the claim is now that Trump is only talking to university students. But the article is about Colorado and not necessarily some university. And it doesn't say anything about a university. Great that he'd bring them up. Does Trump finally care about reducing student debt? (I bet the answer is no)
But that isn't a process that exists. He made it up. >Once a clerk has received a ballot – a voter has voted and it cannot be changed, the Secretary of State’s office said. https://www.google.ca/amp/kdvr.com/2016/10/28/is-it-too-late-to-change-your-mail-in-ballot-vote-in-colorado/amp/ If anyone in Colorado follows Trump's instructions here they risk jail and certainly risk having both votes cancelled.
Anyone getting jail time for voter fraud would just assume that the justice department is part of the rigged system. Once you drink the conspiracy Kool-aid, *everything* tastes like fruit punch.
Not basically, but literally.
http://www.mediaite.com/online/cnn-screws-up-says-trump-encourages-voters-to-vote-multiple-times-except-he-didnt/
CONVICT HIM. Just do it please. Put him in his place, for everyone's sake.
He is telling them to do something entirely pointless (and most likely impossible), that will frustrate a ton of people including his own supporters. **Pointless:** What would be the point of casting a second vote if you think your first vote has been changed by a rigged system? Wouldn't that second vote just be flipped as well? **Impossible:** Even IF it is possible to somehow check whether your mail in ballot has been received, it is certainly not possible to get the election official to tell you whether it was tabulated as a vote for Trump or for Clinton since election officials are not allowed to know any such thing (because that would open the elections up for voter intimidation on a much grander scale). **Frustrating:** But of course a Trump voter would assume that this is an indication that their vote has indeed been flipped, in which case they will try to rescind the vote as Trump told them they can. **Impossible:** Think about this for a second. How would such a process actually work? Can you call over the phone? Is there a special form that you have to mail in? Do you have to turn up in person with picture id at the voting location? And how do they then find your mail in ballot in the pile of several hundred thousand ballots that are being stored until election day, where they can be opened? Did you even write a return address on the envelope? How many city clerks will have to work round the clock in order to satisfy paranoid Trump supporters that they can cast a new vote for exactly the same candidate? It is an insane idea and this is the reason that in most places a mail in ballot cannot be rescinded unless in very special circumstances (and maybe even not then).
Like, there's not even a good way of getting away with it. He's literally just going to get hundreds, possibly thousands of people charged with felonies for absolutely no reason at all. The man is a total sociopath. On the bright side, they'll be felons so they'll never get to vote again.
yawn
yes, which means if he wins the election we say "IT WAS RIGGED JUST LIKE TRUMP SAID IT WOULD BE" and refuse to accept his win.
Well he definitely should win, so he's only asking for enough double votes to guarantee him his rightful victory, he's not asking for any extra double votes beyond that which would actually constitute fraud.
lol he deserves more to lose than Nixon.
With that sort of username and attitude, you're the exact type of go getter that Trump would just love to latch onto if you know what I mean
Wut
Logic!
Fuck this human turd.
from the article that we all read: >At a rally in Greeley, Colo., on Sunday night, Trump told supporters to obtain new ballots because, “do you think those (mail-in) ballots are properly counted?” Trump then instructed rally-goers to visit a nearby voting center and check to see if their first ballot had been counted, then,**“they’ll void your old ballot, they’ll give you a new ballot.”**
Other than making no sense (why vote again if you've already voted AND your ballot counted), I'm not certain every polling location could do this AND it will tie up the process, suppressing voting. Which may be his real goal.
> AND your ballot counted Article literally says to first: > check to see if their first ballot had been counted, As stated in the original quote. It was in response to people concerned about the mail in vote not being counted. Which does happen, it sucks, they should be able to mail in just fine, but people should also be able to get an ID easy enough. So that was the problem, his message was to vote in person if you're vote wasn't counted yet. He absolutely doesn't know what hes talking about but thats par for the course, thats not some secret 5D chess move. Did you read the article? I dont feel i should have had to explain the context. Not sure how this would be suppressing vote? "tying up the process" in reality isn't going to stop people from voting, thats like saying the line at the customer service desk is preventing the other costumers to pay for their stuff at the cashier....If anything it would absolutely effect his voters more than non trump voters, I dont see logic in that statement. But again trump logic is....!?!?!?
Continuing the quote you angrily cut short, oddly before the direct quote part... > ... had been counted, then, “they’ll void your old ballot, they’ll give you a new ballot.” Clearly, he is explicitly saying to get the poll workers at election sites to void an old ballot and create a new one. That may not be legal, possible (depending on state law), and will waste a lot of time! That creates lines which can suppress voting.
Sorry, but the the rest of us know what he's doing. Donald Trump can't help himself but lie.
May be?
Sometimes I wish Trump wouldn't open his mouth about voting. In Florida, if you request a Mail-in ballot, fill it out and return it, that is your vote. If later you try to vote again the system will tell you, you have already voted. Why would you waste your time in line to check if your vote was counted? Go on to your county Election website and pull up your voter information and see that you Mail-in ballot was received and on what date. Sometimes I wish Trump would think before he speaks.
But thoughts get in the way of feelings.
He is too stupid to understand this
Yeah, it seems like this would discourage people from voting. He should be saying the opposite: "Mail-in ballots work, now get out there and vote, it's easy!"
Because Trump wants angry idiot supporters of him around the polling stations fucking with minority voters.
Fight fire with liar.
Or as Bill Maher says, "Trump will just claim the her pussy fell right into his hand".
No! He said to commit voter fraud in order to fight voter fraud...geez. There's a hyyyuge difference.
then tell someone that you committed voter fraud which in turn helps you fight voter fraud
Fighting voter fraud is huge, the hugest of problems. Voting twice is the best, the best solution to fighting voter fraud. ISIS is killing people and we're fighting voter fraud. Look, Trump has run many successful businesses and ISIS is killing people. The least you can do is vote twice for Trump.
/s Lmfao
Or to show video of trump voters being arrested post election when he loses in order to rile up his base and he refuses to concede.
Yeah. Huge.
yuge*
Conservative reasoning
Warped logic
Like grab a vagina to fight sexual assault
Is there another source? OP's link looks like something I'd find on /r/conspiracy.
Because of how the media has construed, manipulated, and taken out of context so many things in order to demonize Trump, at this point any claims automatically start off with 0 credibility. It's a sad reality that so many media sources seem to have forgotten about the word "ethics" when it comes to journalism.
I thought journalism was likiweaks
It's Fort Worth's big daily newspaper, champ. Find an adult who can read things to you.
You must not browse r/conspiracy it's another sub that is brigaded by trump loonies.
There's video of the idiot saying to vote and then vote again with another ballot.
from the article that we all read: >At a rally in Greeley, Colo., on Sunday night, Trump told supporters to obtain new ballots because, “do you think those (mail-in) ballots are properly counted?” Trump then instructed rally-goers to visit a nearby voting center and check to see if their first ballot had been counted, then,**“they’ll void your old ballot, they’ll give you a new ballot.”**
Well, if you go to voting center and check your first ballot, and they find it, doesn't it mean that it was already counted? Why would you want to cancel it and vote again? That makes no sense.
Which is illegal, or just not going to happen.
>we all read *wink*
Star-telegram is the newspaper for Tarrant County in Texas (Fort Worth area), well known for being reputable around here.
The star-telegram is a major newspaper in Fort Worth Texas. It's absolutely a legit source.
Here's CNN: http://edition.cnn.com/2016/10/30/politics/donald-trump-write-in-ballots/ > Donald Trump for the second day in a row questioned the validity of this swing state's largely mail-in voting system, the latest instance of the Republican nominee expressing skepticism about the legitimacy of the electoral process. > Trump kicked off his rally here on Sunday by encouraging his supporters to "make sure" their ballots are properly counted, saying that he is a "skeptical person" when it comes to the state's largely vote-by-mail process. He then encouraged his supporters to get a "new ballot" in person at a local polling location. > [...] It was unclear whether Trump was encouraging his supporters to get a new ballot even if they had already voted, which would constitute voter fraud.
Here's the full speech: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZPwAAcRWDxU It looks like the first two minutes are what was quoted by CNN. I'm all for criticising Trump, but the video is not very supportive of ~~CNN's claims~~ OP's title, unless I'm missing something...
he encouraged voters to vote multiple times and redo their vote. that's not how voting works. that's illegal. no one gets a voting 'mulligan.' he encouraged his voters to break the law either way. voiding a cast ballot is not legal, voting to 'redo' your own vote is not legal.
That depends on the state. You can redo your vote in Wisconsin, for example. It just voids the old one. So, basically, you have no idea what you're talking about. You're just spreading your paranoia
No, you're wrong. Must be Trump voter, amirite? It's a thing with you people.... http://elections.wi.gov/sites/default/files/publication/65/uniform_instructions_for_absentee_voting_all_vot_18979.pdf
I personally have that sitting on my desk. You're wrong, btw. [Foot, meet mouth.](http://www.wisn.com/article/voters-in-wisconsin-can-change-minds-on-absentee-early-voting-ballots/8027546)
I heard, "Vote, then get back in line and vote again, and again, and again. Then punch an old man on your way out if you see one, but you won't see one, trust me."
No no the old men are the good ones! Old white men anyway
Yeah, it seems like he's saying to not use your mail-in vote, just vote in person. He doesn't actually say to vote twice.
He sounds like he's suggesting it if you ask me. A little "wink" if you will. Why the hell would he say "in some places they probably do that four or five times, but we don't do that, but that's great"????
>You can go out and make sure it [your ballot] gets in. Now, in some places they probably do that four or five times, but we don't do that, but that's great. Saying that some places (I have no idea where) have a more stringent set of checks to ensure your ballot is properly counted.
So some counties have OCD in regards to ballot checking? That doesn't even make sense. He's absolutely advocating voting two or more times.
You are politically delusional. Trump is obviously not advocating voter fraud. In a couple months I encourage you to revisit the comments you have made here. After you have cooled off, you will be able to see more clearly.
He says to void one, which again makes no sense but it isn't voting twice (because no poll worker would let you void one in the first place). Now what he is trying to do is create so much confusion that it justifies his narrative the voting is rigged. Basically he wants to cause chaos and anger on voting day. Just mail your ballot in and avoid the poll places.
True, you can't "cancel" your mailed ballot and request a "new" ballot. It doesn't work like that at all, anywhere.
Trump supporters aren't that bright, though.
Huh, TIL geniuses generalize diverse groups of people
Knowing this, he tells them to vote on the 28th, which they will fuck up, and "incorrectly" vote on the 8th. Trump, always going full special.
He specifically said to void the old ballot when you try to get a new one.
Uh, I know *recognizing* sarcasm isn't Donald's strength, but in this instance he's clearing using it.
It gets voided automatically if they vote in person. These aren't blank ballots. They have names and numbers on them. Don't want to mail it? Drop it in a ballot box which are everywhere and under watch of cameras. I don't know why he'd want the mess and chaos of forcing his voters to find a time and place, putting them at a disadvantage compared to everyone else. I don't know. He's not very smart.
No it doesn't. It also states in BIGLY letters on each absentee ballot NOT TO VOTE IN PERSON, as it would constitute Federal crime.
Not really. The lady in Iowa voted by mail then in person and it led to her arrest.
How are you going to void a ballot that you would have already mailed?
Which is not necessarily something that can be done. https://www.heavy.com/news/2016/10/early-voting-results-can-you-change-your-early-vote-absentee-void-revote-hillary-clinton-donald-trump/ There are only a few states where you can change your ballot and only a couple actually allow you to cancel your ballot entirely. I don't think this is malicious, but it's more proof that Trump has no idea how our elections actually work. He's also spreading misinformation that will lead to more trouble at the polls and more inaccurate accusations of conspiracy.
[deleted]
As well as his supporters being arrested. As evidenced by the lady who tried to vote after voting by mail. They likely won't know how to void their mail ballot and simply think the in person one will be the one that counts. Or that's the excuse they'll use cause "it rigged".
You can't legally change your vote in CO. > Once a clerk has received a ballot – a voter has voted and it cannot be changed, the Secretary of State’s office said. https://www.google.ca/amp/kdvr.com/2016/10/28/is-it-too-late-to-change-your-mail-in-ballot-vote-in-colorado/amp/
Good to know.
Aside from the fact that you can't "cancel" your ballot in most states, he's still undermining the confidence in mail-in voting. It's just yet another tactic on his campaign to try and nullify the legitimacy of American democracy.
Bigly.
He's saying "big league"; just like how a child would embellish a statement.
It's ridiculous how people attack Trump for something like how he speaks. Who really cares? Listen, he may have his quirks but I sure as hell trust him over that compulsive liar Hillary any day. He built up a successful business and all she's done is kill Americans.
Im not attacking you for being a Trump supporter but i would like to pick your brain for a moment. You say Hillary should not be voted for because she is a liar but you do realize Trump is also a pretty massive compulsive liar? You also mention he has built a successful business but that remains to be proven simply because he has *inherited* more of his wealth than he has *earned* via profit from his business which can be proven or disproven with his tax returns which he will not release. As far as "all she's done is kill Americans" is pretty true. Handfuls of people have died under her oversight, preventable or not. But she does have far more political and governmental experience than a man that called 9/11 seven eleven and flirts with the idea of wanting to play with national debit. Edit: Just to mention i ask this out of sheer curiosity, i am neither a Trump or Hillary supporter and voted 3rd party
https://www.reddit.com/r/NoStupidQuestions/comments/5aa9aa/rpolitics/d9f16cx?context=2
Huh. Well that explains a bit but to be fair i neither downvoted his comment or upvoted it. I just wanted to ask a question to a Trump supporter who actually seemed sane and rational
You think saying "all [Hillary's] done is kill Americans" is sane and rational?
It's a little bit funny that you were happy and intrigued to find a sane and rational Trump supporter, just to have it turn out to be a hypothetical experiment.
You do realize that trump is a compulsive liar, right? Pick a claim he's made, guaranteed to be false. He's a con artist and you've fallen for it. And Hillary, by contrast, has been a dutiful and consistent political leader for decades and has been highly popular in her roles with constituents. It's ridiculous to think someone's ability to form a sentence does not affect their ability to be taken seriously on the world stage. It's ridiculous to think that a person so wildly erratic as Donald the porn-introducing, WWF participating, claims to sue everyone then never does it Trump. How can anyone fall for this shit? It's absurd to think _that_ is someone who could occupy the office of the president in a more honest and effective way than Hillary Clinton. We are talking about a guy who blabs about security briefings on television. He's an idiot and a conman and it's absolutely insane that anyone is even considering voting for it.
...do you have any idea how many more lies trump has told than Clinton? Or do you just latch on to whatever you hear on r/the_donald ?
Wow you're an idiot.
I mean he's just going to be president. Not like that requires communication skills, right? The question on my mind: what would it be like to have a beer with him
Depends on what gender you are. And how hot you are.
It would be a bigly 
I think bigly actually makes more sense than 'big league'
Well, he does have the best words.
Big League has two Gs. When Trump says it, you only hear one.
My theory is the first time he said bigly. Then began just barely saying big league the create confusion so he could cover up his gaff.
That's way too much humility for Trump. It would require him realizing he made a mistake.
He's saying it now, just like a child would scooch their chair to convince everyone the first noise wasn't a fart.
>I looked through some news databases to trace Trump's growing penchant for big league. First, let's turn the clock back to 1993... http://languagelog.ldc.upenn.edu/nll/?p=28969
It's an in-eloquent thing to say even taken in the best light.
Sure, but he definitely farted in the 3rd debate. The context didn't imply a chair at all. OK, if it was the chair, he sure did it in a strange way.
"That's smart."
"It's called business."
No bigly. No bigly. You're the bigly.
Bigly here is CNN misquoting things: http://www.mediaite.com/online/cnn-screws-up-says-trump-encourages-voters-to-vote-multiple-times-except-he-didnt/ Also, looks like they editing the article after the fact as well.
> Also, looks like they editing the article after the fact as well. That's called responsible journalism, FYI. If you get it wrong, you damn well better correct it.
The irony is is if they vote twice, both ballots are thrown out. So go ahead and do it trumpies. You're consolation prize will be an arrest warrant to boot.
from the article that we all read: >At a rally in Greeley, Colo., on Sunday night, Trump told supporters to obtain new ballots because, “do you think those (mail-in) ballots are properly counted?” Trump then instructed rally-goers to visit a nearby voting center and check to see if their first ballot had been counted, then,**“they’ll void your old ballot, they’ll give you a new ballot.”** Speaking of irony...
He's lying. They won't vote your old ballot. You can't change your vote lol.
in colorado no, in PA i believe so. And i agree with you however 2 things. He is not saying to vote twice, he explicitly says to have your old ballot voided. Secondly, dont mistake malicious intent with plain old stupidity. I read the quotes and listened to the speech and think maybe, just maybe, hes repeating bullshit he heard elsewhere. Either way hes not fit for president but we are helping him get elected by willfully participating in misquoting him (i refrain from saying mischaracterizing because i dont believe its possible to mischaracterize him at this point).
> He is not saying to vote twice, he explicitly says to have your old ballot voided. Your old ballot, ***once mailed in***, **can not be voided.**
Bro shhhhhh
It seems they would be fools to try this but then again they are voting for trump.
Also, great way to strip Trumpets of their right to vote in the future.
How is this second most upvoted? You're completely wrong.
Not to mention those idiots not voting next election
i think Trump has stock market on private prison, hence the encouragement
Is it irony or beauty? This is almost certainly an attempt to sink the GOP downballots as well. People vote Trump, sure they will probably vote downballot Republican whether or not the politicians support Trump. But if their vote is thrown out, then downballots will certainly lose those votes as well.
[deleted]
Yes, comrade.
They check the ballots against the rolls that are used for registering. Every state handles them differently. In my state, if you mail in, then show up to vote, your mail in ballot is discarded. I don't know what happens if you mail in twice.
In Colorado if you request a second mail-in ballot for any reason (made a mistake, damaged or lost the ballot, etc.) your first ballot is voided.
nice try Putin
Not in Colorado. My mail in ballot has my name address and bar code to be scanned on it. They scan that when they receive it. It goes right into the database. Same thing happens when you show up to vote. You're looked up in the db. Everyone can see on the state website that you have voted. Your vote gets an ID so if you vote in person first then mail they still know how to link your ballot and have it removed. It is far easier to get caught then to get away with.
In Texas I don't think there is a way to know which ballot was yours. You're scanned when you walk in, then you get to choose one of 3 identical ballots, then you bubble in the spots, then it goes into a metal box. Presumably the three identical ballots you get to choose from is so that there isn't a unique identifier that can be used to associate your ballot with you.
DON'T LISTEN TO THIS MAN'S LIBERAL LIES, VOTE TWICE, THEY WON'T GET THROWN OUT AT ALL! /s
Asking because I'm genuinely curious, how are duplicate votes caught on election day before going into the total?
Agree. Especially because it's a private ballot. They know when/where you voted. But they don't know what you voted for.
They are checking voter names- they are wrong about the votes being voided (unless a mail in ballot is received after you voted in person- than it is put into the 'provisional' pile until they can check it out). What does happen is that you end up being arrested and fined or jailed, and possibly lose your voting rights for life. (I'm sure Trump will say he will pardon everybody)
The other irony being that if it is rigged, it's rigged at the counting machine and no number of votes will change the result.
This is quite the reality. Until voting machines are hooked up to isp's or ALL made by the same (corruptible) company, you may rest assured that this is a most under-appreciated comment.
> you may rest assured that this is a most under-appreciated comment. I would hope that it isn't and there's more people who saw the HBO documentary. It's a very old video at this point (the documentary came out in 2006....a decade ago) and I would hope it's more proliferated and maybe people just don't understand how the rigging works? http://www.hackingdemocracy.com https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t75xvZ3osFg
Trump's using a very broad definition of "rigged." To him, if the media is mean to him, they're rigging the election. If women accuse him of sexual assault, they're rigging the election. If more people vote for Clinton than him, they're all part of a massive election-rigging conspiracy.
If a comedy show makes fun of him, they're rigging the election.
On some thread somewhere I was told that "the media shouldn't influence the public" and it's unfair for SNL to joke about politics. I didn't know how to begin to reply, other than to say they don't know what "the media" means.
My prize tomato didn't win first prize at the squash festival! The judges were biased towards squash! The contest was rigged!
Trump is like an old CGA-monitor. He only has 16kB of ram, so he has to limit his vocabulary at any given time to just 40x25 different words in up to 16 colors. Even then he can only store up to 8 pages at a time. This also explains why his skin is orange.
Best simile and analogy I have heard about Donald yet. Relevant user name is relevant. Full marks for awesome.
If he understands the electoral process as well as he does how military actions and foreign policy function then everything he said makes complete sense. The dude is a proud know nothing and a shit example of an American.
he's getting his friend HRC elected and getting free publicity for his next reality show. what's possibly more American?
I disagree, He is the perfect example for about 40-45 percent of the population
Perfect example OF, not FOR them.
why not. He's what a lot of poor, uneducated racists aspire to be. He's what people without money or power think people with money and power look like. He's a caricature of a gawdy, obscene American dream stripped of the puritan work ethic and instead pumped full of commercialism and isolationist fear-mongering I almost forgot misogynist, but I don't know where to fit that one in
>I almost forgot misogynist, but I don't know where to fit that one in You fit that in like so: <grabs random woman by the pussy>
Actual line from an easily debunked FWD:FWD:FWD email from Grandma that sums up the Republican voters, their candidates, and their elected representatives >I tried to check this out, but was not successful. Therefore, it's unproven. However, I have little doubt it happened!
>The dude is a proud know nothing and a shit example of an American. Rarely is the phrase "You're what's wrong with America" so apt as it is in the case of Trump.
I think it's the fact he's your presidential nominee. And that he actually makes hilary look good
>good Well, I guess. Hilary at least has some idea of how government works but with the scandals surrounding her I'd still say she doesn't look like a "good" candidate but it's certainly relative in this case.
As an immigrant from Europe, Trump and his supporters are everything we used to make fun of about Americans in a stereotypical cartoonish way, thinking they're not really like that. Only now, they're actually real. Very real. They really are what the rest of the world view as what's wrong with America.
Exactly and utterly this. As a Dutchman, Trump is a political cartoon or a distasteful joke come alive. He's everything that we kid America is about but know/knew isn't true: someone who truly believes the world is a movie and he is the main character while everybody else are just extras who don't matter. Seeing how far Trump has come in this election, I suspect many foreigners are wondering if they overestimated America.
American here. I was talking to my Canadian friend about the election. He had no idea how our system worked. After I explained it, he said it was a wonder anything gets done. It is not a good system. Certainly not a good system for electing the best candidate.
I get the historical background behind the US political system, as well as some of the logic in retaining it, but I'm very, very, very thankful we don't have the same system. I quite enjoy having a multiparty system, not having a president as a focal point of power, no obstructionist Congress, not a Supreme Court with tenure (or whatever the term is), no gerrymandering and especially not having the whole electoral college system. Especially the last part, I get why people from certain states want their voices to be heard more but the whole system just subverts the very principles of democracy - i.e. that everybody's votes are equal and that your vote isn't changed by another party (in this case by the electoral guy/gal voting the way he or she wants, not the way the people want). The Dutch system is very far from perfect (what political system is?) but I prefer it over the US one.
I'm partial to the Australian system myself, but I guess my country has video games for 60$ instead of 100$ and not everything is poisonous, so there are tradeoffs.
Oh come on! The Know Nothing Party had decent success on a platform of curbing Irish immigration back in the 1850s, and as we all know, the Irish were here to steal our jobs too (what potato famine?). He's a proud Know Nothing candidate and proving to be more of an American historian every day.
I am Irish and currently live in the USA. Give me your job and your best potatoes. Now.
As a high ranking KNoP member, I have no idea what any of you are talking about and I'm damned proud of it.
As a low ranking know-nothing, I have no idea what's going on at all, but I'm mad as hell and not going to take it.
Sorry to tell you this buddy but you're a republican.
I thought you were the KNoP Director... I really have no idea what's going on.
I got demoted for being aware of being unaware.
Vote twice. Both votes get thrown out. Gullible Trump supporter goes to jail. Trump loses election because of voter fraud just like he said would happen. Obviously Trump is always right.
Nowhere in there did he say vote twice. Absolutely nowhere. You guys are grasping at straws at this point
He said the poll workers would give them a new ballot and void the old one. Even if voiding their original ballot is a thing-- and it's not clear that it is--, if his supporters *have* an "old" ballot and they're getting a "new" one, how many times are they trying to vote?
What? If the old one gets voided (which is can if you haven't voted yet), that means that there's no way that it'd count... because that's what voided means. I can write a check, call the bank and have it cancelled, and then write you another check, but you'd still only be able to cash that check once.
1 - 1 + 1 = 1
By my count, twice
> Trump loses election because of voter fraud just like he said would happen. I mean, even if everything is on the level, he's gonna lose. No fraud, in either direction, is necessary.
Speaking of gullible...from the article that we all read: >At a rally in Greeley, Colo., on Sunday night, Trump told supporters to obtain new ballots because, “do you think those (mail-in) ballots are properly counted?” Trump then instructed rally-goers to visit a nearby voting center and check to see if their first ballot had been counted, then,**“they’ll void your old ballot, they’ll give you a new ballot.”**
Just because its in bold doesn't make Trump's statement true.
Why have you posted this multiple times?
Holy shit
he's playing 8==D level chess here.
It's hilarious to watch him play his supporters like a fiddle . Trump said from the onset of his campaign - that his supporters love him so much he could Shoot someone in broad daylight and they would still vote for him. Now he is asking them to commit a felony . Jesus wake up people . Nothing Clinton does even comes close to this level of insanity
Nothing Clinton has done is worse than making a joke about the loyalty of Trump's supporters? Perhaps you can find something in [this list](http://www.mostdamagingwikileaks.com) that is worse than Trump making a common joke. Edit: Good. Let the butt-hurt flow.
Looks like a credible source to me
You're right, considering there are links to every email in question.
Hi. I'm really a single issue voter, and my issue is the advancement of science and energy. What does trump offer for people like me that I should vote for him? I don't care about rape, emails, donations, whatever. I only care about the advancement of science. Is Trump who I should vote for?
No, you shouldn't vote for Trump.
His plan is to remove the federal agency for education and let states decide the curriculum and its enforcement. Based on how certain state legislators are hell bent on replacing science books with the Bible, how do you see advancement of science happening?
I am merely trying to give Trump supporters the benefit of the doubt, and give them the chance to discuss things that actually matter for a change. It's an experiment, if you will. It's not going well.
You say that, but a lot of times it's really vice versa. /r/politics is a place for discussing of politics but anyone trying to discuss is voted down if you aren't a Hillary supporter. /r/thedonald isn't any better, but it's literally a pro-trump sub that's for Trump so it makes sense. If you're a single issue voter who solely wants to vote decided base on science and energy. Third party is probably the way to go. Trump cares about science and energy, but he's really conservative. He believes the Constitution should be interpreted the way the founding fathers meant it to be. And that means letting States decide whats best for them. This could mean free education in some states and others not so much. Cleaner energy in some states others not so much. This means that he's letting you the people decide rather than the government. And I think that's great. Other's don't believe so and thats fair. I see why others would think we need federal laws and enforcement to do that, but I can also see the kind of repercussions it could have on some states which is why I would like it to be a state decision.
Bwahahahaha this site again. I love it. It's such hilarious conspiracy theory bullshit. I think my personal favorite is the one where they try to prove Hillary Clinton is racist by citing racist quotes... from *hatemail she got from a Trump supporter*. But they're all classics. Each more asinine and bullshit than the last! Honestly, looking at this goes a long way toward explaining why Trumpets never seem to be willing to provide me with a direct link to a specific e-mail that backs up their claims. They *know* they've got nothing.
Every single email is directly linked for every single fact that is presented. I'm confused as to why you would be purposefully misleading in your post. You would have to be completely incompetent to not notice at least *ONE* of the 100+ direct email links. And I'm not following your claim that it's "conspiracy theory bullshit." It's literally pulled from the emails.
The direct e-mail links are the best part though. They include a link *right there* so you can click through and see exactly how their claim is complete bullshit. It's kind of amazing that they actually included the refutation of each quote alongside it.
I try to look at all evidence with an unbiased mindset. I do agree that some of these claims might be a stretch, but surely you don't think that it's all "bullshit." I randomly clicked on the email under #9, and it seemed to completely support the fact that was presented. There is no reason why people need to defend their candidates as they would their favorite football team; if legitimate evidence shows shady shit, why pretend it doesn't exist?
Don't even bother arguing. They're all misinformed ignorant people. At least the people on /r/politics. They're literally grasping at straws here. He literally tells people to void their old ballet and vote again to make sure their vote is counted. No where does he tell them to vote twice. Clinton is done and their whole foundation is probably going to collapse soon.
from the article that we all read: >At a rally in Greeley, Colo., on Sunday night, Trump told supporters to obtain new ballots because, “do you think those (mail-in) ballots are properly counted?” Trump then instructed rally-goers to visit a nearby voting center and check to see if their first ballot had been counted, then,**“they’ll void your old ballot, they’ll give you a new ballot.”** Its hilarious to watch him destroy the GOP AND play you like a fiddle.
> he could Shoot someone in broad daylight and they would still vote for him. I'm no Trump-cumguzzler, but I don't think that is what he meant. He was trying to say that there are so few Republicans in New York City, that he could randomly shoot someone on the street, and that person would likely be a Democrat, so he wouldn't lose a vote.
You say "play ...like a fiddle" as if they were not willing minions.
Source where you can hear him say this?
Isn't it illegal to ask people to commit a felony?
'I love the poorly educated' -Trump
> Nothing Clinton does even comes close to this level of insanity It makes me really sad that the best that can be said for one presidential candidate is "look, she's not quite as horrifically vile and evil as the other candidate".
What Trump is doing also pales in comparison to what Hillary has been doing most her career and what we will do as president. She is for destabilisation and selling out herself to weapon manufacturers.
But, but... *EMAILS!!!!*
And that Ben Ghazi guy
Does he know Gary Johnson's friend Al Leppo?
Who's Al Leppo?
I'm guessing we're going to see **a lot of Trumpers** arrested this year for trying to vote twice.
Wouldn't they stop after the first handful get arrested for committing a felony? That information would surely be publicized.
Already at 1
That we know of so far...
"Look at all the voter fraud! Imagine all the cases that weren't caught so something must be done."
"Why are they only catching my voters committing voter fraud? everyone does it."
Clearly the system is rigged.
Would be the last time they voted as most states you lose your right to vote with a felony on record.
im still not totally convinced this isnt all part of his master leftist plan, going undercover as a crazy right winger. 1) make a joke out of the GOP by taking their idealogy to laughable extremes 2) get the voter base riled up then get them to vote twice, preventing them from ever being able to vote again 3) .... i dont even know what would be next? decades of slowly returning to more progressive policies?
Trump might be the best thing that ever happened to the GOP.
Only 9 states have a lifetime voting ban for felons.
New thing next year : vote offender registry
What, now they going to send the Vote Police after you just for committing a so-called "felony"? Edit: apparently I need this -> /s
No, but the city or county prosecutor issues a summons, and you have to answer to the judge. Depending on the procedures in the state/county, and how far along the process they catch someone, the vote might get thrown out, or the vote might get counted. It depends whether or not the questionable ballot is still segregated (as a provisional or absentee/early/mail-in ballot would be), or whether it's been counted and mixed in with the rest of the counted ballots. Either way, with as many steps and as much double-checking as most state/counties do, it's not rocket science catching someone, and as rare as it actually is, red flags stick out like a sore thumb.
You can vote for a Democrat, a Green, a Libertarian, whoever you want to, but as soon as that one vital thing is missing - only voting once - uh-oh, here come the vote police!
No, they'd send the regular police.
Actually since voter fraud is a felony wouldnt they send the federal police?
No. Felony just means a crime with a potential sentence of more than one year; it's not inherently a federal crime.
And, ironically, democratic politicians are the ones fighting to undo the bans on felon suffrage.
It really is complete BS that if you server your time and payed your dues that you are still penalized for life on so many things leading to high recidivism due lack of honest means if living.
I feel like I had a stroke reading this.
That would be fantastic if even a tenth of Trump supporters weren't allowed to have a say in this country anymore.
I don't agree with them, however that's not right to do either.
Do you think the law is wrong?
If you commit voter fraud you should lose the right to vote. If you have multiple recent DUIs should you be able to have a driver's license?
I can't see any punishment more fitting for the crime of vote fraud than to lose the right to vote.
So basically we could see the craziest members of our electorate taken out of the voter pool permanently? Holy shit, maybe this was Trump's plan all along. 724D chutes and ladders.
>But according to Fox 31, Trump’s strategy might not be entirely permissible. Once a voting official has received a ballot, a voter cannot change their vote, according to the Colorado Secretary of State’s office. Whether a vote can be confirmed is unclear, but voiding a ballot does not seem to be an available process, though voters can request a replacement ballot. So basically, King Dumbfuck just made this shit up, like he makes everything up, out of absolutely nowhere. What the fuck would he do to our country if his "making things up" had *consequences*?
Yeah he's the onllyyyy one who makes shit up, Hilary is a 100% truthful angel just like every single presidential candidate that's ever run!
That's correct!
I'm sorry, were we talking about Clinton? You must be in the wrong thread.
Yeah but you act like he's the only one to "make stuff up". Almost every candidate makes stuff up, it's not just him. I'm not even a Trump voter, I'm just saying
How does not randomly bringing to Clinton in an unrelated article mean they're "acting like" that?
Hillary's not telling people to go commit voter fraud.
Not directly. Americans United For Change handles all of that.
from the article that we all read: >At a rally in Greeley, Colo., on Sunday night, Trump told supporters to obtain new ballots because, “do you think those (mail-in) ballots are properly counted?” Trump then instructed rally-goers to visit a nearby voting center and check to see if their first ballot had been counted, then,**“they’ll void your old ballot, they’ll give you a new ballot.”** Making things up?
I cannot believe anyone is voting for Trump or any of the Republicans who support him like Paul Ryan and Jason Chaffetz
"Stick to the fucking teleprompter, Donald!" "I'm no puppet!" "THATS THE SPEECH WE WORKED ON WITH YOU AND YOY OKAYED! YOU KEEP DIGGING YOURSELF INTO SHIT MOUNTAINS WHEN YIU GO OFF SCRIPT FOR 90% OF YOUR SPEECHES!" "YOU'RE THE PUPPET!" *"...why does he have to be such a fucking Giant Douche."*
I think the problem is that he wasn't on board with Yoy okaying the speech and Yiu disobeying him and going off the speech. It was a real cluster fuck from your account of the events!
Well considering the people who try this will be arrested for voter fraud I'd say it will have consequences. So the answer is, send his own supporters to jail.
No because they'll be all doing it on November 28th
And if only his supporters are in jail, imagine how quickly they'll lash out against the government.
That's perfectly fine, the fewer simpletons in the electorate the better off the country would be.
I think it's really sad. As much as I despise Trump if an American citizen really wants to vote for him I don't want to deny them that. But he is actively spreading misinformation now to his base that could lead to them unknowingly committing crimes. Trump has been his own worst enemy throughout this campaign but this could really ruin people who are ignorant of the laws and voting process. Disagree with them all you like but they deserve the right to vote and ironically Donald's trying to take that right away from them.
Unknowingly is a far cry...they, if they have at least a few working synapses, can figure out that what he is "joking" about is voter fraud and illegal.
Except that A) it doesn't appear to be a joke. B) He's not directly telling them to commit fraud, just that if they submit two ballots the later one will void out the first, which sounds believable if you're ignorant of the voting process. And C) they've been brainwashed into believing everything Donald Trump says is true, so why would he tell them to do something illegal? This thing has transformed itself into the political equivalent of a suicide cult now, and you can't blame the victims of a cult for following orders. It all lies on the leaders who've manipulated them.
Except if one of those ballots has already been received, then you cannot change your vote and submission of a second vote is illegal! So his advice is literally telling them to attempt something that cannot be don, as there is no way to void a vote already received and hiss suggestion that a second ballot will simply cancel that out is misleading voters into illegal activity.
Was I claiming otherwise?
They know they can't vote twice. They aren't that stupid. They are just stupid enough to think they are smart enough to get away with it, and they justify it with 'everyone else is doing it' because the GOP and faux news have been telling them that for years.
Ignorance of the law is no excuse.
I'm sorry officer, I didn't know I couldn't do that.
No and that's the problem. He's lying to these people and spreading ignorance and they're gonna face real consequences for it. Trump has a cult like control over these people and they will do things he tells them to do without checking whether or not he's right, because they just assume he's right. It's a terrible thing to manipulate someone like this, and this freaking idiot doesn't even realize what he's doing, he's just desperate for votes.
t_d headlines "Patriots jailed for trying to circumvent rigged election, make their voices heard loud and clear for Trump."
And not at the person who told them it wasn't illegal to mail in two ballots... ugh, this fucking guy...
Incoming armed protesters, but we won't call them terrorists, we'll call them "a militia"
Whoa re they going to fight? They can't go armed into government buildings, in ANY STATE, no matter what permits they have and open carry laws that state has. Attempt to enter the building armed, security will stop you. Escalate an further, you're armed and entering a government building. APB goes out, you're now an armed and dangerous terror suspect on government property. HIGH ENERGY WON'T SAVE THEM THERE. What, they going to go door to door and demand who people voted for? Try to storm gocerent offices? Occupy public locations that they legally can be armed at and hold protests (though may need permits)? Any action they can take either requires them to break the law in a way that is so ineffective and useless when the police come down on them, or ineffective in that it's a legal protest no one will give a shit about.
Most of them aren't smart enough to know that though. Ask them how exactly they plan to out-gun the US military and they'll tell you that the military will be on their side against the government.
I mean.... its entirely possible the military could do that. its happened in many other countries and various revolutions and revolts thru-out history
It takes some serious shit for the military to be deployed against our own people. It technically shouldn't be possible (The National Guard doesn't count in this). Now, if they brought it to the point that the military was actually necessary, there would have had to be some serious terrorist activities on their part first. Which would polarize the military agaisnt them. They'd say that they were fighting for their rights and freedoms etc etc... I don't think they've ever looked up the definition of terrorism. They'd be well defining it: >Terrorism - The use of violence and intimidation in the pursuit of *political aims*
> They can't go armed into government buildings, in ANY STATE, no matter what permits they have and open carry laws that state has. Right I mean it's not like there was a recent case where an armed militia took over a government building, held a stand-off with the police, and went to trial only to get off.
They got off because the court didn't want to make a huge deal out of occupation of a VACANT WILDLIFE PRESERVE. Also, the moment one of them reached for a gun when being apprehended, he was shot and killed. Law enforcement let it go on until they could resolve it as carefully as they could. Which it basically resolved itself after all but four left following the death. Try that in a government building that has any value I.e. where government officials are that these people would be protesting. It would be instantly labeled a hostage situation and/or terrorizing people at gun point if they try to hinder operatives in any way. There is a reason those people got into that vacant reserve with guns;. It's not a State House with metal detectors and armed security personnel. They let some of the Oregon people off (a dozen pleased guilty to start, and seven more still haver to go to trial early next year) because they didn't want to rile up shit. Try actually taking that protest anywhere important, and that low court Oregon precident ruling won't hold for shit.
Well that's the last on my [checklist of fascism] (http://www.rense.com/general37/char.htm). Lovely! /s
M;R;W; T;r;u;m;p; h;a;s; a;c;t;u;a;l;l;y; e;x;p;r;e;s;s;e;d; p;r;e;t;t;y; m;u;c;h; e;v;e;r;y; o;n;e; o;f; t;h;o;s;e; - a;n;d; s;o;m;e; p;e;o;p;l;e; w;i;l;l; s;t;i;l;l; v;o;t;e; f;o;r; h;i;m;! P;l;e;a;s;e; A;m;e;r;i;c;a;n;s;, d;o;n;';t; l;e;t; t;h;i;s; m;a;d;m;a;n; b;e;c;o;m;e; y;o;u;r; p;r;e;s;i;d;e;n;t;!
Um, are you okay?
I don't understand the semicolons and they make you look like a nutbar.
It's awesome that the checklist that you are using for Trump is hosted on a website that has [this image](http://www.rense.com/1.mpicons/trump-hill2.gif) on the front page. The irony burnsssss.
from the article that we all read: >At a rally in Greeley, Colo., on Sunday night, Trump told supporters to obtain new ballots because, “do you think those (mail-in) ballots are properly counted?” Trump then instructed rally-goers to visit a nearby voting center and check to see if their first ballot had been counted, then,**“they’ll void your old ballot, they’ll give you a new ballot.”**
You won't believe number three!
How'd you get 4 & 8?
> 8: Governments in fascist nations tend to use the most common religion in the nation as a tool to manipulate public opinion. This one isn't novel to Trump, the GoP have been running it for a couple of decades and he's just carrying on from there.
Others have answered this already, but I'm just gonna say, even without 4 and 8; twelve out of fourteen on a fascism test, for a presidential candidate for the United States... How are we letting this happen?
8 All I need say is Mike Pence
[4A](http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/military-spending-cuts/u-s-military-spending-dwarfs-rest-world-n37461). & [4B](http://www.cnn.com/2016/09/06/politics/donald-trump-defense-spending-sequester/). Trump says he would increase spending on the Military even though the amount of money we spend on our military is absurdly larger than any other country on the planet. [8.](http://time.com/4452309/trumps-evangelical-voters/) >“I said, ‘I’m going to take this into my own hands and I’m going to figure a way that we can get you back your freedom of speech,’” Trump told the evangelical pastors. “It will be so great for the evangelicals, for the pastors, for the ministers, for the priests, for America.” >Trump promised that one of his first efforts as president would be to dismantle laws that keep Christian churches from spending tax-exempt money on political advocacy.
For 8: >Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as one people, under one God, saluting one flag http://www.npr.org/2016/09/18/494367803/what-does-trumps-promise-of-a-nation-under-one-god-really-mean >If I become president, we're gonna be saying Merry Christmas at every store ... You can leave happy holidays at the corner. http://www.cnn.com/2015/10/21/politics/donald-trump-iowa-rally/
Not the person you asked, but, 4, he's said repeatedly that the military is "weak", "a disaster," "a mess," and that he plans to build it up. 8, his pitting of Christians against Muslims is legendary; he spent several days pandering to the pro-life crowd with claims that Hillary wants to rip babies out of the womb; he accused Hillary of "pretending not to hate Catholics," etc.
Fair enough
i mean he's also claimed to know more about ISIS than "our generals" and clearly thinks he is the smartest guy to ever walk the planet.
His plans for NASA also fall under 4.
Jesus Tapdancing Christ.
Bingo!
Damn that some pretty scary stuff
It seems actually like he's saying to use the early voter process to repeatedly have them void your old vote and cast another to essentially gum up the polling stations with bodies and block out other voters who might be trying to vote early
Jesus Christ you guys are really reaching in these comments. It could just as easily, or actually more easily, mean to go get a new ballot if you lost your old one... Like holy shit, he specifically says void in the damn same sentence.
Why would you go "confirm if your vote was counted" as he said if you have lost your ballot? By the way, bud, there's no way to void a ballot once it's been received. None so blind as those that won't see, I suppose.
>Why would you go "confirm if your vote was counted" Because they have drop boxes for ballots in Colorado. Why not double check? What does that even hurt, anyway? >By the way, bud, there's no way to void a ballot once it's been received. By the way, bud, I never said that. Plus, bud, it is possible to do in many other states. And another thing, bud, I said if you lost it or never received it because, bud, Colorado sent out all of their ballots this year, bud.
Here's the problem, Trump says something vague or amazingly stupid or illegal, and here come his supporters saying, "but it could mean this or it could mean that, gee golly you guys are dumb for not being able to interpret Trumps thoughts." Sorry bud, but it's his fault if he is not clear. Guess what, he does this on purpose so he can say he didn't mean whatever is negatively perceived. He's to scared to actually stand by his own comments.
Well, for one, he never said to vote more than once. So, defending him is easy. He said to get another ballot which would void the old one. I still don't see where you guys are getting the voter fraud thing from.
It's Colorado, it's all vote by mail. There are no polling stations.
how does this block out other voters trying to vote early? or do you mean early on the day of the 8th?
Early as in tomorrow. It was said in Nevada and they're already voting.
The only way to combat voter fraud is to suppress bad voters
suppress ~~bad~~ all voters
How could we actually have a lunatic like this so close to the presidency? And Hillary's emails on her fucking server is supposed to make this acceptable? Unbelievable. If Hillary or Obama ever suggested outright voter fraud it would be receiving 24/7 coverage... but because it's Donald Trump and the bar is literally set down in hell he can say and do anything he wants and it doesn't affect him.
So was your family ever able to get you that surgery or did they piece back together your brain with elmers glue after they dropped you? The emails on the server is illegal .. she did this in a political office. Oh.. and as for the illegal discussions and actions discussed in the emails.. I guess you would say that's par for the course :) Kthanksbye
from the article that we all read: >At a rally in Greeley, Colo., on Sunday night, Trump told supporters to obtain new ballots because, “do you think those (mail-in) ballots are properly counted?” Trump then instructed rally-goers to visit a nearby voting center and check to see if their first ballot had been counted, then,**“they’ll void your old ballot, they’ll give you a new ballot.”** Because our voters... ahem... are uninformed and fall for whatever bullshit they read in a headline.
The bar of Donald Trump is so low it's like trying to limbo below the carpet.
Blame it on the education system for cranking out so many morons.
Most of his supporters don't have college degrees so it's more like "lack of education".
Blame on the ones responsible for a shit education system
And the negative feedback loop continues
(Population) - (access to reproductive health services) - (quality education) = the ideal GOP base.
> (quality education) Like how Texas (a GOP-controlled state) wants to remove critical thinking from the curriculum? Or did they already do that?
Yes, they replaced it with liberalism 101
Yeah, because Texas is the bastion state of the Democrats. Right? > Knowledge-Based Education – We oppose the teaching of Higher Order Thinking Skills (HOTS) (values clarification), critical thinking skills and similar programs that are simply a relabeling of Outcome-Based Education (OBE) (mastery learning) **which focus on behavior modification and have the purpose of challenging the student’s fixed beliefs and undermining parental authority**. Emphasis mine. They literally want to have children who don't question authority, and to remain that way as adults. That way they just do what the government wants them to do, without resistance. [Source](https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/answer-sheet/post/texas-gop-rejects-critical-thinking-skills-really/2012/07/08/gJQAHNpFXW_blog.html).
Because the right wing has spent the past thirty years fighting a War on Truth. This their crescendo - they've finally completely severed all social feedback for their beliefs, so to them, people who say the sky is blue look like delusional morons.
Is that why the Democrats are actively trying to suppress the truth of what's contained in the leaked emails? Because there's a lot in there, but all I see in this sub are ignorant dismissals, e.g. "they're just *emails*, that's nothing!" This issue is bigger than just Hillary Clinton - she was just negligent enough to expose a whole web of corruption. The *contents* of the emails are just the tip of the iceberg. You'll see - unless you choose to stick your head in the sand.
What do you think is in there? Every time this comes up, the Trump supporter can't actually point to an actual terrible truth in the emails. You've been told that the emails are full of BOMBSHELLs, but you've never actually read the bombshells themselves, have you? > the truth of what's contained in the leaked emails … The contents of the emails are just the tip of the iceberg Well, okay, show us this iceberg tip. But now I'm curious what all this other stuff is. And where you get this secret knowledge that nobody else has.
>You've been told that the emails are full of BOMBSHELLs, but you've never actually read the bombshells themselves, have you? Wrong. I have read many of them. I'm dismissing the strawman you set up with the "BOMBSHELL" comment. >Well, okay, show us this iceberg tip. But now I'm curious what all this other stuff is. And where you get this secret knowledge that nobody else has. [Here's a good jumping off point.](http://www.mostdamagingwikileaks.com) At least read the heading of each point and take off the "2016 election" blinders. Like I said - this is just the tip of the iceberg.
Sure, I've seen that. It sounds awful! But when I read the emails they link to, the headings are either overblown or outright incorrect. Can you tell me what you think is in the wikileaks release, and *link to the actual emails that show it* (not to someone who's telling you what to think about it, but to the stuff itself)? > this is just the tip of the iceberg. What *is* the rest of the iceberg? Why do you think it exists? Is there another, more-damning archive of emails that only trump supporters have access to?
> You'll see You got a date for the bombshell Julian?
> Is that why the Democrats are actively trying to suppress the truth of what's contained in the leaked emails? No, but it's why you *think* they are.
>No, but it's why you *think* they are. Okay - so, why are the Democrats actively trying to suppress the truth? It's trivially obvious that they *are* trying to keep people from knowing what's going on.
They aren't. It's trivially obvious that they aren't. Everything you think you know about politics is wrong. The people who told you that you couldn't trust the mainstream media, or the polls, or anyone that didn't already agree with you? *They* were the liars all along.
Did you drop a sarcasm tag? Because I find it hard to believe a real person could genuinely say such a silly thing and actually believe it. That wasn't even an honest attempt at any kind of meaningful rhetoric.
I'm sorry, but you're too far gone for meaningful rhetoric to be even remotely useful. At this point, pretty much my only option is grabbing you by the shoulders, shaking you, and shouting the truth until I'm blue in the face, in the hope that maybe, somehow, *something* will penetrate the seemingly perfect shield of lies the War on Truth has built around your mind.
What truth? You didn't even offer *anything* resembling an argument that couldn't be summarized as "NO U!" No facts. No counter claims. No evidence. Literally just contradicting what I said - that's it.
Because it's the obvious truth. Once you actually *look* for it, you'll see it.
Seriously, our media is fucking broken. Trump's daily insanity has been fully normalized. Hillary sneezes and it's wall to wall negative coverage.
Don't blame the media. Easy scapegoat. This is due to a lack of critical thinking. Anyone who gets their information from one source is asking for bias thinking.
Exactly! The media is RIDICULOUSLY biased against Hillary.
This election was finally the CT scan we needed as a nation. There are tumors everywhere.
Problem being, one of those fuckers is going to get elected, and everything that's wrong with that side is just going to go ignored for at least another 4 years.
Isn't then Trump guilty of conspiracy to commit voter fraud? Isn't that a crime?
I wouldn't think it's conspiracy, but inciting, yes.
Does that require knowing that what you're asking them to do is a crime? Because I really doubt Trump knows anything about our election process
Conspiracy requires more or less a "conversation". You can't have a conversation with a crowd, or a billboard cannot have a conversation with you. You can communicate to a crowd, and a billboard can communicate a message to you but again not a conversation, as it takes 2 or more people to be able to communicate back and forth. Also a conspiracy is also typically done in "secret", and not in front of a crowd. Now as for knowing whether it is a crime or not doesn't matter. Ignorance of a law is not a defense of a law. The only way I can see that mattering is with intent. Intent in this instance wouldn't be the act of intending to break the law, but intent in doing an action that would break the law. So his ignorance of the election process doesn't really matter. He could very well think he is right and it's "legal", but if his intent is to incite voter fraud (by suggesting actions that would constitute voter fraud) and if that is illegal then he could be liable for his part in it.
No. ignorance of the law is not a defense.
"I didn't know that (c) meant classified"
That's my thinking too. How is it not completely illegal and disqualifying for a candidate for any political position, let alone the presidency, to openly encourage supporters to commit voter fraud?
from the article that we all read: >At a rally in Greeley, Colo., on Sunday night, Trump told supporters to obtain new ballots because, “do you think those (mail-in) ballots are properly counted?” Trump then instructed rally-goers to visit a nearby voting center and check to see if their first ballot had been counted, then,**“they’ll void your old ballot, they’ll give you a new ballot.”** Because he unfortunately did not. And by continuing to upvote these ridiculous stories we are essentially crying wolf and providing amo for his supporters. We seriously need to cut this shit out or we just may get him elected. This sub is almost as responsible as his supporters.
Ridiculously misleading title. >“You can check on your ballot to make sure it’s counted properly,” Trump said. “You can go to [Greeley voting location] University Center and they’ll give you a ballot, a new ballot. **They’ll void your old ballot and give you a new ballot. And you can go out and make sure it gets in,” Trump said.** >“In some places, they probably do that four or five times, but we don’t do that,” he added.
What's your point exactly? His statement about your initial vote being voided is untrue. At best Trump is an idiot who unbeknownst to him is asking his supporters to commit a felony.
Seriously, how are there 5-6 top comments that have not read the actual article wtf. It takes maybe like 5 minutes of reading to realize that this title is completely misleading and should be changed.
How is it misleading?
The title is >Trump tells supporters to vote twice to fight voter fraud All of the top comments have most likely only read the title, and interpreted it as Trump telling his supporters directly: "Please vote twice for me." Which is not exactly what happened. [Here](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CwDascFUkAAYG39.jpg) is a transcript of what Trump said and what the news sites refer to. In his speech, Trump doubts the legitimacy of the counting of the already submitted ballots and if they all "got in". So he encourages his supporters to get a new ballot on the following day and to ask for the old one to be voided so they can make sure the second ballot "gets in" for real this time. What this means is, that he did not "tell supporters to vote twice" but rather he encouraged them to resubmit their first vote to make sure the votes were counted properly. _________ So now to the criticism on this: Some people have said that this is not legitimate practice and does not work this way. To be quite honest, I don't know how the balloting system works in america so I can't comment on that. However, there certainly **is** a difference if you submit two different votes, or if you just make sure your first vote counted properly by resubmitting it and talking it through with the authorities. And **that's** the point that many people in this thread miss.
As a Coloradan, what he's saying is that you can go on the Secretary of State's website and see if your mail-in ballot has been received. If it has not, they can void the ballot that hasn't been received (to make sure you don't vote twice) and give you a ballot in person. My grandmother-in-law had to do that because her ballot was lost in the mail. Then he makes a joke about voting 5 times and says that Republicans don't do that.
It's /r/politics, did you really expect accurate headlines about Darth Trump?
I'm trying to figure out the "in some places, they probably do that four or five times, but we don't do that" part. Do what? Void their ballot and recast them? I'm pretty sure you can't even do that once. I've never heard of that being a thing.
He can't even speak a coherent sentence, he wants the nuclear launch codes, and is backed by people who openly demand Armageddon Now. What could possibly go wrong?
Fight supposed fraud with actual fraud... sounds like typical Trump reasoning
He doesnt say anything remotely close to the title.
>Fight supposed fraud with actual fraud... sounds like typical ~~Trump~~ conservative reasoning FTFY. The GOP has perfected the art of projection over the past 60 years.
Fighting fire with fire (burning down the house)
It's probably all crooked Hillary's fault, too, she's been at it 30 years and now there's voter fraud going on all over the place. wtf.
She didn't personally pass and enforce laws to stop.
well she is all talk and no action. Although I can't say I've heard her speak out against voter fraud, how do we even know where she stands on this issue? /s Every time I'm finished with the whole train wreck another headline sucks me back in - just get the vote done and over with so I can get back to real life instead of this f-ed up scary clown freak show of an election. Just don't put the scary clown in office, mkay?
And SUE EVERYBODY so by the time the truth gets sorted out, everyone is so sick of hearing it, they dont care. Where are his: Taxes? Transcripts from the Howard Stern show? Transcripts from The Apprentice?
Once on November 15th, but also don't forget Election Day November 28th.
Not the first time rico laws have been invoked for election fraud "...and it allows the leaders of a syndicate to be tried for the crimes which they ordered others to do or assisted them in doing..." https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Racketeer_Influenced_and_Corrupt_Organizations_Act
Its interesting that you wiki'd an article without reading the OP article.. from the article that we all read: >At a rally in Greeley, Colo., on Sunday night, Trump told supporters to obtain new ballots because, “do you think those (mail-in) ballots are properly counted?” Trump then instructed rally-goers to visit a nearby voting center and check to see if their first ballot had been counted, then,**“they’ll void your old ballot, they’ll give you a new ballot.”**
So here's Trump telling people to commit a felony live on stage. But no, tell me more about Huma's emails!
The level of ignorance and cognitive dissonance that you hold within your mind is astounding.
You are the embodiment of this subreddit. 1. Read misleading anti-Trump headline 2. Don't bother clicking the link to read what was said 3. Act outraged and defend your side You're a dope.
[deleted]
Keep not reading the article you're talking about.
I may not like trump but let's avoid misinformation and use accurate titles when submitting, eh
Bravo Donald. I guess you reaaaaallly can't stand not being talked about.
I can never tell if he actually knows what he's talking about and says this stupid shit for pub or if he's really just that stupid when it comes to the inner workings of American politics.
I can tell some people didnt read the entire article. Or even part of it.
Yeah basically this entire thread.
Voting twice for hillary is a crime, voting twice for trump is a crime. Headline is totally misleading. stop the bullshit
Incoming wave of morons being arrested.
Ah so that's how the country will recover post Trump, with the entire voter base being arrested so the rest us can get on with stuff. Clean solution.
Just wow, all I had to do was read the article to learn he didn't say that at all. He told people who mailed in their ballots to go check on their ballot to make sure the vote was counted accurately... No where did he tell people to vote twice other than to try and have their vote voided and re-vote if it was counted inaccurately... Jesus, Trump is a moron, why does the media need to lie so much about him, telling the truth about him would be more useful. Anyone with half a brain sees this is BS...
Uh, no, he said if you voted to go get a new ballot and vote again because they will "void your old one" (they wont).
So, uh... Isn't this illegal?
Yes, and Trump actually suggesting it could disqualify him from running for presidency.
And nothing will happen.
And the most misleading headline award goes to...
CNN already stealth edited their article to cover that this is a horseshit fabricated quote: http://www.mediaite.com/online/cnn-screws-up-says-trump-encourages-voters-to-vote-multiple-times-except-he-didnt/ This sub is basically the two minute hate. You're making him immune to any attack because the shit you throw is so over the top we don't believe it anymore (former dem here).
Not what he said. Hes saying to check if its been counted and if it hasnt ask for another. Read the quote.
ITT: Not reading the article.
depressing i had to go this far down. /politics is going to get trump elected. idiots. plain and simple.
It's pretty obvious he was suggesting these are tactics used by the Democrats (not saying he's right or wrong).
absolutely hilarious. these idiots just assume the headline is true and directly respond to it. this subreddit is garbage and I hope trump wins just so i can lick up all their tears
Remind me! November 8, 2016
Right in line with expectations
This man is going to descend the country into chaos.
Hillary is looking to start WW3 and you think Trump is going to cause chaos? I won't fight against Russia if they attempt to draft me. No Russian ever did me wrong and I will not kill for Hillary's globalist allies bank account.
The pudding must be delicious.
Sad that you can't see that Putin is playing trump.
Yo so if Russia has all these scary hackers who obtain Clinton's emails, then we should really be far more afraid of them blackmailing her. Hence why the Clinton campaign (as always) tries to project. If there's anybody Russia wants to win, it's Clinton.
Lol that is besides the fact.. your opinion is irrelevant. Look at the facts between hillary and putin. Then feel free to spout your nonsense.
On my company's private message board I literally saw a man who claimed to be ex special forces say that if trump lost he advocated armed insurrection and that his oath to the Constitution didn't count because he crossed his fingers when he actually said the oath. This November is gonna be fucked.
What's the procedure for replacing votes? How is that possible? How do you locate the exact vote and know who they are voting for in a cast secret ballot?
Ballots could be (and, at least where I live, are) in two envelopes. The outer envelope has voter information; the inner envelope is anonymous. If they didn't remove ballots from the outer envelope prior to election day, a particular voter's ballot could be identified and voided.
They don't- a mail in ballot is checked against the voting rolls. If you already voted than it is marked as provisional until they double check (mistake by poll worker marking wrong name, etc). If it is found that you did already vote, than the second vote is not counted and you get arrested. In other cases- say you vote at two separate polling locations and the voter rolls aren't synchronized until that night (depends on what system is used in the county) both your votes will be counted, but you get arrested and then go to jail. The other is you go to vote in a second place, but rolls are synchronized in live time- they say we are showing that you already voted, you deny it- they give you a provisional ballot that is put to the side, and possibly have you arrested right then. So, overall, there is a chance that both your votes get counted- but also a pretty good chance that you go to jail. (Trump will pardon you later, so don't worry about it! Go ahead... he will also pay your legal fees, and probably hire you as his apprentice!!)
Congrats on upvoting a bullshit piece reddit.
The Donald is really scraping the barrel, taking the Donald Duck approach.
Totally misleading headline. Also what Trump was quoted as saying makes no sense. Some context would be nice.
[so yea, this lady took Trumls advice literally. ](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-nation/wp/2016/10/29/trump-supporter-charged-with-voting-twice-in-iowa/?utm_term=.e92a16db504a)
Not only is Trump taking out the GOP politicians, he's taking out the GOP base. Maybe he really is going to make America great again.
Or he just doesn't want to win as both ballots will be thrown out. Then he will say it was rigged, and last but not least promote his new TV network.
it's like he realizes he may actually win with the email controversy back so he has to torpedo himself with some moronic statement.
Vote by mail and in person is a great way to get your vote voided.
For those unaware of how vote by mail works, here's how it's done in my state: About 2 or 3 weeks ago, we got the state voter's pamphlet in the mail with all the information on the candidates and issues. Last week we got the actual ballots. You fill out your ballot and place it inside a secrecy envelope with no identifying marks. You then place the secrecy envelope inside the mailer, sign the back, and send it back to elections HQ. When the HQ gets the ballot, they verify the signature on the back of the envelope with the voting rolls, remove the privacy envelope and set it aside. On election day, all the privacy envelopes are opened and counted. If you fail to sign the back of the mailer, it's returned to you. The Secretary of State has a website so you can see if your ballot has been returned or not: https://secure.sos.state.or.us/orestar/vr/showVoterSearch.do Name: (Redacted) Voter Status: Active Your voter registration is current and a ballot will be issued for the next election. County: (Redacted) Party: Working Families Party Residential Address: (Redacted) My Ballot: November 8, 2016 General Election Your ballot was received on October 27, 2016.
No way this gets gets implemented in red states. Voting that can be done leisurely with some coffee at the kitchen table? No way Republicans would go for it, even if they got their way on Voter ID.
How is that not a crime?
It's a crime if it's true. The title and article is very misleading. Checkout http://www.mediaite.com/online/cnn-screws-up-says-trump-encourages-voters-to-vote-multiple-times-except-he-didnt/ or better yet, watched the video itself. Here's the video link -> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aMZsKq99hdk Wake up people from this propaganda --"
Do you have a time on that vid. I can't understand 90% of the shit he says. Watching him for almost 3 hrs is the biggest waste of time I could imagine.
I agree with you, watching someone that you disagree with can be painful Lol. It's a little too much to ask. Maybe read the article that i linked above instead watching the video?
It is
Vote twice for Trump and never ~~get~~ have to vote again!
"Hey - I have absolutely zero evidence supporting my claims that the election is rigged, but I just *feel* like it is, so vote multiple times." It's so sad that there are people who are *voting* for this man.
Trump Supporters, remember to votw twice because that's the way democracy works!
To be honest, I don't think Trump actually wants to win, and so he is trying to lose the elections best he can since he got all the publicity done.
The headline is pretty misleading. I think he means to send your ballot twice to make sure it is counted, not to literally vote twice.
>Trump told supporters to obtain new ballots because, “do you think those (mail-in) ballots are properly counted?” >Trump then instructed rally-goers to visit a nearby voting center and check to see if their first ballot had been counted, then, “they’ll void your old ballot, they’ll give you a new ballot.” Reading comprehension skills please... If you void your old ballot then cast a new one that's one vote count in the end. Not saying that this method is possible but he is clearly not saying commit voter fraud...
Clinton campaign cornered, cessation certain
But you can't do that in CO.
i can read, thank you. there is *no voiding your old ballot.* Trump said that voting centers will void your old ballot and give you a new one, and voting centers do not do this. there are no mulligans. what Trump did was fraud because he lied about the election process and encouraged his voters to take actions which could lead to their own votes being discounted . *that is illegal.*
but that is not what the article and this entire comments section is saying.
It is not illegal to ask... worst case is they say no. Also it is not impossible to change your early vote in all states (this means voiding and casting another) http://www.snopes.com/changing-early-votes/ Edit: changed one word Edit2: okay I got curious http://www.npr.org/2014/10/22/358108606/want-your-absentee-vote-to-count-dont-make-these-mistakes If in the case your ballot has an error or lost in the mail and has not been counted you can cancel it then resubmit a new one. A lot of states have online services to track ballot status.
The snopes article says you cant change your vote in colorado. so maybe he shouldn't have told coloradans to change their votes. that npr article says you can resubmit your vote due to voter error. trump is talking about as a way to fight voter fraud.
You are right the snopes article doesn't apply in Colorado. See my further edits. I kinda just left it there. Define voter fraud. One way could be someone maliciously not counting your mail in ballots. Notice how he says check if your ballot has been counted then (implying if it hasn't) recast... That could be a legit way to combat fraud if this type of fraud exists.
After reading the article, I still can't really tell what the hell he is trying to get people to do but it doesn't sound like fraud. He's asking them to void their own votes and... resubmit their vote. Even if it did work that way, I don't understand why you would do that.
Thanks third party voters, specifically Bernie supporters. You want to the world to burn because the world is so damn unfair, you might actually get it. I've spoken to enough of you at this point that it's clear that you're beyond reasonable decision making, which is sad really because you actually have an opportunity right now to make the world a much better place. Oh well, I guess I'll just have to live with your emotional ways, like your inevitable downvotes. This is where you lash out, state some idealistic nonsense, insult me, or call me a troll. Whatever makes you feel better or helps you to hide the obvious facts you refuse to face. You lie to yourselves. I won't. I can demolish all of your points, but it won't matter because you're so stuck in your self deception. You'll be on the wrong side of history. If you're a millennial, I really thought our generation would change the world, but for the better. Now I see that's not the case, and that's what saddens me the most.
Yes Trumptards, please do!
from the article that we all read: >At a rally in Greeley, Colo., on Sunday night, Trump told supporters to obtain new ballots because, “do you think those (mail-in) ballots are properly counted?” Trump then instructed rally-goers to visit a nearby voting center and check to see if their first ballot had been counted, then,**“they’ll void your old ballot, they’ll give you a new ballot.”**
So, Trump wants to get his supporters thrown in jail?
"And while you're at it, beat up some black people to fight racism"
Guys, I'm telling you, he's trying to throw it on purpose. Nobody is this stupid.
You're right, nobody is this stupid. from the article that we all read: >At a rally in Greeley, Colo., on Sunday night, Trump told supporters to obtain new ballots because, “do you think those (mail-in) ballots are properly counted?” Trump then instructed rally-goers to visit a nearby voting center and check to see if their first ballot had been counted, then,**“they’ll void your old ballot, they’ll give you a new ballot.”**
>Trump then instructed rally-goers to visit a nearby voting center and check to see if their first ballot had been counted, then, “they’ll void your old ballot, they’ll give you a new ballot...." >But according to Fox 31, Trump’s strategy might not be entirely permissible. Once a voting official has received a ballot, a voter cannot change their vote, according to the Colorado Secretary of State’s office. Whether a vote can be confirmed is unclear, **but voiding a ballot does not seem to be an available process,** though voters can request a replacement ballot. There is a website through which Colorado voters can check on the status of their ballot. the reason what Trump said fits the definition of voter fraud is because he told his audience to 'redo' their votes. *this is not legal.* just because Trump didn't say the words, 'cast a ballot for me twice,' doesn't mean he didn't encourage *voting* twice in violation of the law. even if Trump didn't say to vote twice, he still encouraged people to break the law. that's the bottom line. it's obvious Trump was trying to play semantics and avoid telling people to vote multiple times. but he *indisputably* encouraged voters to cast a ballot twice, which is not how it works (there is no such thing as a 'mulligan' in voting). he encouraged fraud no matter what and intentionally misinformed his audience. that is a crime.
just like his second amendment people comment hes calling for something without actually saying the words. hes trying to play semantics.
He's such a crook.
> Once a voting official has received a ballot, a voter cannot change their vote, 1. He never told anybody to change their vote. 2. He never told anybody to vote twice. 3. He said if your vote did not get entered, (SINCE THERE HAS BEEN A LARGE NUMBER OF TRUMP BALLOTS THROWN AWAY) then you can do it again. He didn't say to keep voting to fight voter fraud. Make sure your vote gets counted.
> THERE HAS BEEN A LARGE NUMBER OF TRUMP BALLOTS THROWN AWAY Source? That's a pretty extraordinary claim; there needs to be some pretty hard evidence.
from the article that we all read: >At a rally in Greeley, Colo., on Sunday night, Trump told supporters to obtain new ballots because, “do you think those (mail-in) ballots are properly counted?” Trump then instructed rally-goers to visit a nearby voting center and check to see if their first ballot had been counted, then,** “they’ll void your old ballot, they’ll give you a new ballot.” **
Trump has said many times that if he loses, it will be because of voter fraud. It looks like that may actually become a reality. Hear me out: We all thought he was insinuating that Democrats were committing voter fraud. However, if his supporters vote twice, both of their ballots will be thrown out because of voter fraud... therefore he will actually get less votes. Every day I watch the election coverage and think "the weird crazy bullshit has to peak sometime in this election. This shit today was so crazy that it simply must be downhill from here..." But then shit like this keeps happening.
I am so tired of hearing about Trump's bowel habits.
> We're on the cusp of an incredible historic change that's going to transfer power from a failed political establishment Umm... Like, I know the voter fraud thing is stupid as shit, but this is the line that REALLY stood out to me. HE WANTS TO BE A FUCKING DICTATOR. THAT'S NOT HOW PRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONS WORK. The dude is seriously just going down a list of things dictators do on their way to securing power, even down to repeatedly stated intention to "replace all the generals". This is scary as fuck that there are this many people in the country willing to vote for a fucking two-bit wanna-be dictator and the only thing keeping him from actually getting there is that he's too fucking stupid to keep his mouth shut and win the election on the basis of not being Hillary Clinton.
I don't want to be a dick, but imagine seeing all that, and being Black. I've never had so many Black people that I've never met before have told me to make sure I vote this year. We see this, and we know dog whistles when we hear them. Lot of general uneasiness and whatnot
You know for awhile I've been thinking that when they write the history books, the part I've lived through is gonna get glossed over. Sandwiched in between the Cold War, and the robotic uprising of the mid 21st century, there's not really that much worth writing about. Climate change may get our period some attention but beyond that our wars and economy and such just aren't that noteworthy. Trump could change that. The implosion of the Republican Party (which I don't think is likely) would be in the textbooks. And all of this crap with election rigging and obstructionist government could potentially lead us to a constitutional crisis that would certainly get written about in a century or two.
I'm starting to think that Trump is being used to identify the stupidest among us so they can be rounded up and sent to Antarctica or something.
Clearly you can't read. Or are too lazy to do so.
I completely agree. from the article that we all read: >At a rally in Greeley, Colo., on Sunday night, Trump told supporters to obtain new ballots because, “do you think those (mail-in) ballots are properly counted?” Trump then instructed rally-goers to visit a nearby voting center and check to see if their first ballot had been counted, then,**“they’ll void your old ballot, they’ll give you a new ballot.”**
Title is misleading.
I read the article, he didnt' say that.
did you watch the vid because...
"Remember, it's not cheating when *we* do it!"
Or its just not cheating. from the article that we all read: >At a rally in Greeley, Colo., on Sunday night, Trump told supporters to obtain new ballots because, “do you think those (mail-in) ballots are properly counted?” Trump then instructed rally-goers to visit a nearby voting center and check to see if their first ballot had been counted, then,**“they’ll void your old ballot, they’ll give you a new ballot.”**
"But according to Fox 31, Trump’s strategy might not be entirely permissible. Once a voting official has received a ballot, a voter cannot change their vote, according to the Colorado Secretary of State’s office. Whether a vote can be confirmed is unclear, but voiding a ballot does not seem to be an available process, though voters can request a replacement ballot. There is a website through which Colorado voters can check on the status of their ballot." Maybe it's not necessarily an invitation to cheat, but it *is* an invitation to vote twice, and ballot voiding may or may not be something that you can actually do. I don't know if it's necessarily an attempt to cheat, but at the very least it is some very questionable, poorly-researched advice.
I completely agree with you. The guy gets his facts from headlines, just like most of this sub. He's just repeating bull shit he believes is true. But lets not participate in misquoting him with serious bias in mind. I tihnk we can both agree the headlines is a lie we should be downvoting this trash of an "article" and focusing on substance like, his lack of policy or even worse, that most of his policy is terrible.
the headline isn't wrong; misleading, maybe, but not wrong. Even if you void your original ballot it's still technically voting twice, isn't it?
Just maybe misleading? Theres a reason why the original source of this article, (cant remember if its adc or cnn) has already deleted the story and why the OP posted some no name website... > Even if you void your original ballot it's still technically voting twice, isn't it? Depends on your definition of what voting is. In this context of advocating fraud, it would be fraudulent to have your vote counted twice, in this context he is explicitly saying. Step 1 : have your old ballot voided. Step 2 : vote using your new ballot in person. In which case, without knowing the voting system which trump clearly does not, the guy has proven over and over again he doesn't know crap about details, no hes not advocating voting twice in the context of committing fraud. Had he said show up and vote again regardless of voiding your ballot, than we might have enough to legally end his campaign. We know trump's a terrible person but if you take a step back and tried to look at it unbiased, hes not saying vote twice. And gawd dam /politics for prompting me to defend trump.
Because the election crew can't rig it if they're busy voiding legally cast ballots only to have the person turn in the same ballot. They're not busy or anything.
Fuck the "center" right all the way into the abyss of the far right. These people are incompatible with democratic modern society.
Look whose talking? from the article that we all read: >At a rally in Greeley, Colo., on Sunday night, Trump told supporters to obtain new ballots because, “do you think those (mail-in) ballots are properly counted?” Trump then instructed rally-goers to visit a nearby voting center and check to see if their first ballot had been counted, then,**“they’ll void your old ballot, they’ll give you a new ballot.”**
I mean, I knew this election would be crazy. I also knew everything would escalate towards the last week of the election. But this craziness just blows my mind the levels to which this has sunk.
Commit voter fraud to prevent voter fraud. It's like Trump fucks for virginity.
Election day is going to be interesting.
I'm not from America... how do you just "vote twice"? Don't you need a voting paper with a unique identifier and ID or something? Is it easy to vote more than once?
you can't vote more than once for yourself. But you can vote for anyone that gives you their ID if you wanna try to fool the polling place and risk a felony.
r/nottheonion
Can someone enlighten me how American voting goes? How is it possible to cheat? In my country you have to show your ID card or passport or drivers license (ID card is mandatory for everyone over 14, if you don't have it, police can press charges against you), then sign a list. This list has the name of all voters in that district. Then you get a big paper and an envelope. In the voting cabin you put an X next to whatever you are voting for. Then fold it, put in the envelope and then seal it. Then you drop it in an urn (sealed too). So cheating is basically possible only if the counters cheat. And AFAIK our laws state that every district needs at least one member of the major parties to supervise every step of the public processes.
Nope. I have brothers, cousins, friends that look like me and the old people working the polls aren't detectives. We also have mail-in options for old/sick/traveling voters. You can fill out your grandparent's info for them. I can think of 5 other simple ways that an ID does nothing to secure.
We also have "moving voting", but you have to ask for that. Vote by mail is not a thing here. But how do you determine if someone votes multiple times?
>Or just vote and shoot a Democrat on your way out. That would also work.
Trump, all you had to do was shut up for a week and win the election. Y U do this!?
I feel like most of Trump's counter arguments this campaign could be insanity wolf memes.
Trump just wants his voters to follow the same example of the other Trump voter who was caught voting twice.
Play stupid games...
I can't help but noticed they don't feature the entire quote that says "vote twice". Instead, they play around with the quotation marks to make him say something that I'm not entirely sure he actually said.
Wow Drumpf is done hahaha surely people will think this is worse than an FBI investigation haha it's over drumpftards haha fuck yea haha I'm PC bro
Also you should shoplift. Stores account for shoplifting when they set their prices, so if you don't shoplift, it's like they're getting money for nothing. #trumplogic #fightthepower
Hey, it's better than Hillary actually committing voter fraud. Can we all be real for a second? There is actual proof out there that points to Hillary committing voter fraud and violating campaign operation laws. Hell, anybody who has watched the project veritas videos knows that she has paid for people to incite violence at Trump rallies. Also, this sub 100% biased towards Hillary. Can we admit that? There is not ONE pro-Trump post on this sub. Not one. The only anti-Hillary posts are the ones about the FBI, and even then, this sub tries to find something that the FBI is doing wrong. You don't get investigated by the FBI TWO TIMES if you have done nothing wrong, let me just put that out there. Everyone here makes fun of /r/the_donald, but this sub is no better. This is a glorified /r/enoughtrumpspam. You guys want to be a respectable sub? Try being non-partisan, otherwise you are simply [stacking the deck](http://grammar.about.com/od/rs/g/stackingthedeckterm.htm), which this sub is full of. The terribleness of Trump does NOT make Hillary an acceptable candidate. The sheer amount of scandals that she has been involved in sickens me. One might say >"He's racist because he said all Mexicans are rapists and criminals and doesn't want Muslims in this country". Well, he said that many illegal immigrants from Mexico are criminals and are rapists, which is true. And during a time of global terrorism, we need to be aware of who we let into this country. We have a general sense of what these terrorists look like, what language they speak, and their country of origin. Banning immigration from countries overridden with terrorists is a smart thing for the U.S., not a racist decision. Calling this racist is outright wrong. One might say >But he avoided taxes! That's as corrupt as anything! He did avoid taxes, yes, using a legal loophole. Trump knows this is wrong which is why he wants to change it. He is the only presidential candidate who will lose money from this election. He wants what is best for America, don't let the propaganda tell you otherwise! Again, one might say >Trump is just as corrupt as Hillary. No. No he isn't. She had a private email server, which itself is a federal crime. She deleted thousands of emails which are incriminating towards her, which is a federal crime. Her campaign donated over half a million dollars to Director Comey's wife DURING THE INVESTIGATION! One cannot deny that this is corrupt. Guys, please wake up. I know many people will take this personally as challenging one's political beliefs can be sensitive, and, as a result, will result in attacking me instead of absorbing information. Guys, please do not vote for this woman. She is corrupt beyond belief . . .
LOL, is this satire or do you actually believe the stuff you are writing.
Make fun all you want; I know what I stand for. You can either choose to believe this propaganda that has saturated the media, or you can choose to know the truth.
You are aware that Trump lies practically every time he opens his mouth.
I keep seeing people mentioned in the wikileaks emails say that. Must be a coincidence.
So does Hillary...though hers tend to be on a national security level
Parts of your argument might sound reasonable enough to a nonpartisan (if there is such a person), but the tell-tale give away in your comment is your sense of victimization. You are even predicting in advance that people will unfairly target your comment. If you write passionately, you will get passionate opinions pointing the other way. That doesn't mean people haven't considered your opinion. Nor does it mean that they can't see your point of view merely because they don't share it. This latter point is actually a big issue, for everyone.
Trump is as corrupt as he can be as a businessman, he isn't going to change when he is given the biggest job in the world. He bribes and boasts (http://www.nationalreview.com/article/430266/donald-trump-bribes-politicians-and-boasts-about-it), he gave donations to politicians who didn't sue him over Trump university, he gave donations to a Citizens United campaign (money in politics) against somebody who sued him. He receives a ton of money from Russia: http://therightscoop.com/we-see-a-lot-of-money-puring-in-from-russia-donald-trump-jr-in-2008/ His ex-campaign manager Paul Manafort had huge ties to Russia. Where did Trump meet Manafort exactly, is it just a huge coincidence? He had the most neutral Israel platform we've ever seen, then switched to the most pro-Israel platform of all time (advisors promising more funding to Israel than ever before, even the ADL condemned the platform), he's literally saying we should bomb Iranian ships that taunt U.S ships, why do you think he did this? Could it be because Sheldon Adelson promised to donate a huge amount of money to his campaign if he liked what he sees? As for his business practices I think the media has talked about that enough (dodging taxes, violating anti-trust laws, trying to steal worker pensions, suing defenseless small businesses, undocumented workers, Trump vitamin scam, not paying contractors, screwing over and exploiting banks, abusing tenants, accused of mass deleting emails in a lawsuit etc.) I wish Trump would be good for the economy because he is a businessman, but nope. Barely any mainstream economists agree with him, most analysis of his economic ideas are negative and think he will really fuck up the economy. And even if he does nothing wrong the stock market is afraid of him and goes crazy every time it looks like he will win. His economic advisors have little to no economic experience, they're all billionaire Wall Street businessmen who donated Trump a lot of money. He also lies constantly, fear mongers and about crime rising and making America safe again, says he has solutions for everything he can't share (dealing with crime, getting better deals, ISIS etc. "trust me") said he thinks cutting social security is morally right, but can't campaign on that because he needs to get elected. When he does get elected the GOP will manipulate him hard as he stumbles trying to be president with no experience, but maybe that's okay because Mike Pence can do all the work while Trump basks in the glory and gets his 7b estate tax windfall: http://www.slate.com/blogs/the_slatest/2016/07/20/trump_reportedly_wanted_kasich_as_vp_to_be_in_charge_of_domestic_and_foreign.html http://thehill.com/business-a-lobbying/288648-trumps-family-would-get-a-71-billion-windfall-from-estate-tax-plan Trump winning would reward bullies and ruthless people everywhere. He would be a rolemodel for children. He is anti-establishment with nothing better to offer and replace it with. He'll fuck up the country and screw over other better anti-establishment figures as people regret not sticking to the status quo and the establishment seems like a better choice. There are many reasons Bernie Sanders is campaigning so hard against Trump.
> as challenging one's political beliefs can be sensitive Then allow me to do the same to you, and you actually listen. I have researched plenty into Hillary's scandals, watched the (highly untrustworthy) Project Veritas videos, and also looked into her policies. I have done the same to Trump, including his policies. Aside from disagreeing with everything Trump has in his policies(50% of his tax cuts are for the ultra rich. I wonder why), I also believe that he is extremely unfit to be President. And no, it's not the media telling me to think this way. You can't 'spin' something said by a candidate out in front of millions of people(Misleading headlines do not count, those are easy). Now to get to the challenging of your own beliefs. This is going to be sensitive, but please stick with me here. [Here's a comprehensive list of Trump's unconstitutional opinions](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/59ivk0/hillary_clinton_says_she_doubts_trump_has_ever/d98twce/), with sources and the relevant passage from the Bill of Rights. There also happens to be a comment under it that includes amendments outside the Bill of Rights. He's also [incredibly racist](https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughTrumpSpam/comments/4r2yxs/a_final_response_to_the_tell_me_why_trump_is/). Yes, this link is from /r/EnoughTrumpSpam, but it also is comprehensive and has links to reliable sources that have plenty of firsthand quotes and evidence that he is in fact racist. Donald Trump is [sexist](https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughTrumpSpam/comments/4r58wo/a_final_response_to_the_tell_me_why_trump_is/). Another comprehensive list with sources. If you are truly willing to practice what you preach and question your own beliefs, you will ignore that these posts have been created by people with obvious anti-Trump biases. However, the amount of quality sourcing of many quotes that Trump has actually said and things he has actually done should invalidate that, no matter who posted it. So? Are you willing to do what you have asked of us? If so, I'd like a response on each topic I have mentioned and why you believe that this is okay for a presidential candidate. No mentioning Hillary, complaining that "she's worse". It's not a valid argument in the thing I am asking of you. If you could also touch on Trump's policies and why you might vote for him in that area, that'd be great. Introspection is hard: I did mine a long time ago. Will you do yours?
Great post. Challenging him, but not being offensive. Sometimes, especially online, it's hit-or-miss with these replies. You don't know if you're talking to a misguided person, or simply a kid going through puberty. In any case, good effort.
r/nottheonion
ironically yes, yes it is. you're comment however is /r/nottheonion from the article that we all read: >At a rally in Greeley, Colo., on Sunday night, Trump told supporters to obtain new ballots because, “do you think those (mail-in) ballots are properly counted?” Trump then instructed rally-goers to visit a nearby voting center and check to see if their first ballot had been counted, then,**“they’ll void your old ballot, they’ll give you a new ballot.”**
Is his offer to pay all legal fees still on the table?
I think it's only if you punch a protester. If you listen to him to essentially vote twice and commit voter fraud... no. You have to read the fine print.
That was never a real offer to begin with. I mean really, Trump following through on a promise to pay someone? When does that ever happen?
That 34 out of 4billon statistic is about to go right out the window, isn't it?
I'm not very smart, I read the transcript of his remarks but can't understand trumpese. I wonder if Google can translate?
According to Google, the original probably said:      ,      ,      .      ,      ,    .
Lol
Let's fight voting fraud by commiting voting. Fight fire with fire right?
Ah yes the old fight voter fraud by committing voter fraud, it makes total sense! What a bigly move by Trump! /s
Ah yes the old take the headline as truth, provide his supporters more fuel, and help get him elected. from the article that we all read: >At a rally in Greeley, Colo., on Sunday night, Trump told supporters to obtain new ballots because, “do you think those (mail-in) ballots are properly counted?” Trump then instructed rally-goers to visit a nearby voting center and check to see if their first ballot had been counted, then,**“they’ll void your old ballot, they’ll give you a new ballot.”**
Which is not true and results in voting fraud.
This is a lie. Watch the rally, it's a complete lie - can't you people come up with something better like he drowned 4000 puppies and kittens after molesting 35 12 year old girls and selling their mothers into slavery? Watch for it, the emdia is surely desperate. Trump has this by a landslide.
How about you and I put a wager on it?
I am willing to make a $500 bet that Hillary wins. You willing to take it?
Put it into a betting site.
Landslide? The polls say differently.
Really - polls that skew by polling 65% Dems like that fake ABC poll that just called itself out a few days ago on Friday? lol
Didn't you guys learn anything from last time? Mitt Romney is going to win, all the polls are wrong!
In 2012, the GOP frantically kept telling itself that polls oversampled Democrats, and that Romney was winning. Websites dedicated to 'unskewing' polls even popped up. What do you think happened? The polls were right and Romney lost, and now we're hearing the same sad story again.
Reality check: the RCP average still has her up 4.3 pts, even after the bad email news, and it's even worse for Trump when broken down by the swing states.
Reality check, all of those polls were before last week and further they include the fake ABC and NBC polls that poll 65% Dems to make it look like shei s winning. Those aren't real to anyone. In fact, that poll (same one by the same people) saw the landlide approaching and did like a 10 point change in a week. lol They are showing themselves to be jokes.
From the ABC poll >Partisan divisions are 37-28-30 percent, Democrats-Republicans-independents.
Here's the difference between your argument and mine: I have measurable data on my my side and your are just giving your tiny Trump hand feelings. Face it: Crooked Hillary is going to be the next president
https://mobile.twitter.com/ArtoftheDealPAC/status/792876919612059648/video/1
Feels over reals, man.
>At a rally in Greeley, Colo., on Sunday night, Trump told supporters to obtain new ballots because, “do you think those (mail-in) ballots are properly counted?” >Trump then instructed rally-goers to visit a nearby voting center and check to see if their first ballot had been counted, then, “they’ll void your old ballot, they’ll give you a new ballot.” >“Now in some places they probably do that four or five times but we don’t do that. But that’s great,” Trump continued. Did he not say this? Would you believe it if I linked to video of him saying it? Or is that just nasty Hillary using his own words against him again?
This fucking guy. Haha.
This fucking guy. Haha. from the article that we all read: >At a rally in Greeley, Colo., on Sunday night, Trump told supporters to obtain new ballots because, “do you think those (mail-in) ballots are properly counted?” Trump then instructed rally-goers to visit a nearby voting center and check to see if their first ballot had been counted, then,**“they’ll void your old ballot, they’ll give you a new ballot.”**
[deleted]
You have dozens of posts submitted to /r/The_Donald, so I suspect you're being disingenuous.
Vote early, vote often. How about those emails? Are we talking about those emails? No? Ok. Trump 2016! Vote November 23rd!
Shills man... its like they've never heard sarcasm before
Pure propaganda. and i'm voting for Johnson.
Jesus why is this on the front page. It's a fucking joke people. Trump was obviously kidding. Who upvotes this shit.
Youre on r/politics, its anything to make Trump look bad and Hillary look good. Integrity and honesty doesnt matter here, only internet points.
This is a little short. And your fellow dunces turned in a very similar essay. I'm afraid I'll have to refer you to the academic honesty board.
That's all /r/politics is. They take any anti Trump articles. *any*
This is a little short. And your fellow dunces turned in a very similar essay. I'm afraid I'll have to refer you to the academic honesty board.
Including literal satire, such as that one about GOP recovering later this century.
This is /r/politics you're in, they take everything so far out of context it'll turn your brain to soup. They're the terrible conglomerate of HuffPo, Vox, CNN, and every far, far left media organization you can think of. Not worth trying, there's no worth-while discussions here. Edit:. Woah looks like some people just clocked in, from +3 to -4 in about 20 minutes. Have a good day at work!
A chilling rebuke of journalism, yellow and otherwise. Such a cynic would never fall prey to a less intellectually and follically gifted PT Barnum. And yet, here we are.
> far left media organization Oh Jesus lmao. There's no far left media org in America. There's a few with some centrist journalists like Anderson Cooper, but they're far from being leftist at all. That's like saying Hillary is a leftist when she's center-right at best.
Someone was literally tackled by Secret Service trying to run up to hillary the day after trump made a """joke""" about 2nd amendment doing something about hillary
He's supported by an army of hillbilly yokels that worship him, and can't he trusted to understand humor or sarcasm. Seriously, a Trump supporter already got arrested for trying to do exactly this. He knows what he's doing by making a statement like this.
Yeah, I love jokes about nonexistent voting procedures! Hilarious lol!
Please do.
Thus sounds like a good way to nullify Trumps votes
What sort of horrible things are going to happen when a bunch of loonies try this and are called out on it. Police show up to some sort of riot at the polls?
http://i.imgur.com/vbI3UOk.jpg
for fuck's sake, when you fight fire with fire you don't get justice; you get to be a **hypocrite**.
Speaking of hypocrites. from the article that we all read: >At a rally in Greeley, Colo., on Sunday night, Trump told supporters to obtain new ballots because, “do you think those (mail-in) ballots are properly counted?” Trump then instructed rally-goers to visit a nearby voting center and check to see if their first ballot had been counted, then,**“they’ll void your old ballot, they’ll give you a new ballot.”**
I simply don't understand how he hasn't been arrested. Why is everyone just watching from the sidelines and allowing him to continue with this farce?
This scandal is so blatantly untrue that even CNN had to remove it (despite being slow about it). http://www.star-telegram.com/news/nation-world/national/article111519972.html Desperation trumps honesty.
Lame attack headline... I watched that rally, he said vote again in person to void your initial mail in ballot and make sure its counted. Not sure you can do that in co, he may have had pa on the brain.
What new mystifying bs is this? Is he trying to just gum up the system by having dozens of angry trump peeps flood the polling booths? Trying to get a bunch of people's votes invalidated & possibly arrested because actual fraud so he can then 'prove' it's rigged? Does he actually believe the vote is rigged/mail in votes aren't handled properly and if he gets enough people to vote multiple times for him it'll all work out? Does he just not think anything through? I'm not seeing the end game here, unless it's straight up nefarious...
I want my president to encourage its citizens to commit crimes.
[2 Women in Miami Arrested for Election Fraud](http://www.thepoliticalinsider.com/2-women-miami-arrested-voter-fraud-hillary-real/) >For some reason, Democrats and the pro-Hillary liberal media think Americans are dumb enough to fall for their claims that “voter fraud isn’t real.” >That’s what they claim every time Republicans propose ballot integrity laws, or every time there are very unusual election results – like in 2012 where entire counties didn’t cast a single vote for Mitt Romney.
Yeah but not only did this not even affect the presidential race at all, but it was two people who may have influenced an incredibly tiny and inconsequential amount of votes AND THEY WERE CAUGHT
Does this guy understand laws?
Is this guy for real? Like is he a real person or just a malfunctioning hologram? "Let's assure I win by sending my supporters to jail!"
They will need to vote 3x if they want to have a chance of winning.
lol wut
This has to be an onion article.. Please Jesus make this an onion article..
Either way, you didn't read it.
What the fuck. He's encouraging voter fraud? This has to be one of the most stupid things out of Trump's mouth, because he is encouraging them to break the law. Is he going to pay the potential $10000 fine for each of his supporters, or come visit them in prison?
He's said some stupid things, but he didn't say what the title says.
He told the audience to not trust mail-in ballots and vote again. That's telling them to vote twice.
from the article that we all read: >At a rally in Greeley, Colo., on Sunday night, Trump told supporters to obtain new ballots because, “do you think those (mail-in) ballots are properly counted?” Trump then instructed rally-goers to visit a nearby voting center and check to see if their first ballot had been counted, then,**“they’ll void your old ballot, they’ll give you a new ballot.”** Pretty sure hes wrong that this is possible, at least in CO but hes not saying vote twice.
ermmm....did someone overlook the fact that voting twice *is* voter fraud?
Can you cite the exact point where he says "vote twice?"
This title is fucking garbage... Just like every other post in this sub.
My favorite is when Trump says something hilarious and sarcastic, and the left goes insane
My favorite is when Trump says something ~~hilarious~~ stupid and ~~sarcastic~~ idiotic, and the dems are laughing. FIFY
It's hard to tell when he's tellin it like it is.
Because presidential candidates and presidents should be sarcastic. It's not like their words could be misconstrued and wreak havoc on everything.
[We should be cold and robotic yes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PUu2HKZGxJ4)
Preemptive fraud
Congrats to those who believed this headline was true. You people are living proof that you can be told just about anything by the media and believe it.
No he didn't and even CNN did a dishonest stealth edit of their article on the subject. http://www.mediaite.com/online/cnn-screws-up-says-trump-encourages-voters-to-vote-multiple-times-except-he-didnt/
Is it legal for him to be saying this??
http://www.mediaite.com/online/cnn-screws-up-says-trump-encourages-voters-to-vote-multiple-times-except-he-didnt/ Oh Dems u so silly and scared.
Hillary is done! Get over it!
Then why is your guy encouraging people to vote twice?
Ouch. This one hurts! http://www.thepoliticalinsider.com/clinton-iowa-caucus-exposed-caught-commiting-voter-fraud/
Looks more like they double checked since yoj know hand ballots.
As someone who actually was involved in the Iowa political scene this is bs. People left these early because of the cluster fuck they are. There were some that had too many votes as well. It is the way the caucus works when you have to count hands.
I've heard different. Iowa is a huge state and you personaly can't cover all locations. :) You just got exposed!!!
True I am going off the Metro stations which were all like this. But district 43 is linn county and they fuck up everything.
The article is written around a Reddit post!!! That's it boys, throw in the towel, get your MAGA hats, we're Trumped....
Here in Motherland to voting twice is great honor. Reserved only for top official. Be thanksful to hero of Motherland Trump that is proposal this for USA.
[I'm Crooked and Untrustworthy but it's my TURN!!!!!](http://i.imgur.com/h7Azjqt.jpg)
Lol. I can just imagine the headlines when Clinton gets arrested or when Huma cuts a deal. >Joint Huffington Post-Buzzfeed-Hillary2016-Tumblr survey says Trump literally Hitler Satan who smells like burnt toast -Washington Post
Well hildawg does have dead people voting for her.
Dead people vote for both candidates but in tiny numbers. I think my state had like 300 votes collected from dead voters (from like 200 people, so some of them voted in multiple elections) over the last decade. It's just a problem in the voting system that's big big enough to fix
My uncle died this month. He early voted. That's how it works, son.
