As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil) * Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks) * Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail. * In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users. * Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not. Incivility results in escalating bans from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own. *** *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Isn't that a...crime?
Yes. The headline is just a Progressive pick-me-up given the recent news, he wasn't asking for supporters to commit voter fraud. This is what desperation looks like.
Desperate for click bait you mean.
Yep looking at the actual verbiage, it is more innocuous. And I'll never get tired of people claiming the party with a commanding lead is desperate.
Yes, it is.
But the voters don't *feel* like it's a crime
Yes. Just as it was during the primaries.
Add it to the list.
It's voter fraud. He wants to fight possible voter fraud with definite voter fraud.
Really though.
Some of the things that come out of this man's mouth are just ridiculous. There was a Hillary Clinton commercial that came on. The kids weren't in bed yet and it was nothing but Donald Trump quotes. I had to run over and mute the TV because he was just cursing and saying things my kids don't really need to hear. Just after that, it said something like, "Your kids are watching. Is this the kind of president they need to see?" Not a perfect quote. Close enough, though. It was kind of sobering. Edit: It just occurred to me that I've been seeing a lot of presidential election political ads and I live in Texas.
It is a shame that Hillary felt the need to force your kids to listen to that. See what he made me do?
The sad thing is, that's the kind of logic Trump uses.
There's a non insignificant chance Texas could go blue just due to the Trump/conservative split in the Republican party this year. It's not a permanent flip nor is Texas a swing state now, but it'd be like a reverse Reagan.
Didn't they arrest a Trump voter for this already?
She actually voted twice, got caught, and will face the consequences. Trump didn't say to vote twice. He just said to go in person and vote in a state that automatically sends everybody a ballot to vote by mail. That is so not even remotely the same thing.
Vote Early & Often!
No no vote on 29th and often!!
28th
Sounds like a certain Mormon expression.
This is misleading. He claims to want to ensure their votes are counted correctly, and he's saying to use another ballot if they messed it up the first time. It's still dumb and really shows he knows nothing about how voting works, but he's not advocating voter fraud as the title suggests.
It's a matter of cynicism. It seems to me that there is no other purpose to - voting, then voiding your vote, just to vote the exact same way again - other than hoping that the voided vote gets counted by accident anyway, duplicating your vote.
Either the system works and this doesn't matter. Or the system doesn't work and can be rigged. I assume you are in the first camp. So why worry?
If you have *trust* in the system, yes. But they don't trust the system. They want to make double-dog extra-careful sure that their vote went the way they wanted. It's still dumb, but at least an understandable dumb.
Except that if you trust the system it's pointless. You voided the first vote, so it means nothing. A voided ballot is just that, void, it can't be used to "double check" your vote. If you think the voting system is just corrupt, then you're just feeding in more votes to be flipped, idiot. Finally, if you think the system is a flawed system run by fallible humans, then you have the chance that in the confusion you will be able to vote twice. Either you adding pointless confusion to your clear vote, you are a sucker for thinking your vote could ever not be manipulated, or you are intending to defraud. I think it's the third option being cynically sold to people who will not question the efficacy or ramification of the action, and who will be jailed, or fined if it is revealed. Either that, or trump just spouted random words he heard some staffer say once out of context and without understanding and it happened to correspond with some semblance of a bad idea.
Man, with Trump, I don't even know. Ignorance is probably the safe bet.
That's not actually what he said. He said go to your polling place and request a new ballot. He didn't tell you to vote first. During the primaries I was mailed two ballots because I requested a Democratic ballot after they sent my non-partisan ballot. No fraud was committed.
I thought he was saying that Clinton supporters do it multiple times but "we don't do that"
More accurately, he said something like, Vote twice, they're going to do it multiple times, but we wont do it more than twice. Most accurately, he suggested creating two ballots in the hopes that the one that should be voided gets counted accidentally. Not exactly voting twice, but that's really the only reason to attempt the scheme.
Which makes no sense because the system always catches all attempts at voter fraud. You can't rig an election or vote twice. So these people are just wasting their time. Nothing to see here.
That's exactly what he said. These guys are taking advantage of the fact that not many people read past the headline.
Ridiculously misleading title. >“You can check on your ballot to make sure it’s counted properly,” Trump said. “You can go to [Greeley voting location] University Center and they’ll give you a ballot, a new ballot. **They’ll void your old ballot and give you a new ballot. And you can go out and make sure it gets in,” Trump said.**
I should not have watched South Park...
surprised this wasnt posted in r/nottheonion
I hear they are planning to commandeer of Trump property to house them and have Trump "reimburse" the expense.
Presidential Candidate advocating breaking the law? I guess I shouldn't be surprised. I've already heard him bragging about assaulting women...
Read the article.
Would be nice if we had a system that couldn't be defrauded. Who kept fucking it up more and more in spite of evidence? Oh, right, Democrats lol
Are you saying one entire political party has exclusive control over all voting laws in every county and state in this country? I've heard some dumb shit today and this is near the top.
Nah, not the party. But the people owning the machines are in cahoots.
So every county uses the same machines? That's news to me who used a paper ballot this last week.
Not even those are safe. My state mails out paper ballots to anyone, dead and alive, and then counts them all by machine anyways.
So they mail out ballots to everyone who had ever lived in that state? Or just until the processing of their official record of death is completed, which could take weeks. Its called erring on the side of caution, the same principle that drives innocent until proven guilty. If an elderly person ( a demographic that skews conssrvative) does not get their ballot, they are being denied their right as a US citizen. If you disagree, you can never be a true American patriot. Edit: Downvotes are welcome if it helps you come to term with the fact you aren't the hero you thought you were.
I wonder how many of his supporters are dumb enough to fall for this?
We know of one. I hope more are brave enough to vote two times.
That makes a lot of sense. Your first vote be for Trump and your second vote should be Clinton. I call it the two corrupt peas in a pod election. No matter who wins we're screwed.
You're a fucking moron.
