As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil) * Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks) * Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail. * In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users. * Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not. Incivility results in escalating bans from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own. *** *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I think the thing that pisses me off the most about this election is how this is somehow accepted behavior now for a large chunk of the country I have no issues with those who hold opposing political views and argue them in good faith, it's this shit that makes me fear for the future of our country
Yes just like it is accepted behavior of liberals to steal other peoples property, incite violence against people with different opinions, pay and organize parties to incite violence, pay for voter fraud, pay our enemies, arm our enemies, deface public properties, ect ect ect. Truly disgusting what the authoritarian left has been up too this election.
What the fuck are you on about now? lol
And there's members like this on opposite sides of the political spectrum. Edit: thanks for proving the point ;)
I certainly don't wish Trump dead, but I wouldn't mind if he would get laryngitis for a couple of weeks.
I fantasize about Trump having explosive diarrhea on stage but certainly dont want anyone dying.
His staff, supporters and surrogates and V.P. are just as bad.
The difference being Clinton doesn't invite those people to speak at her rallies.
Or tweet the same shit herself
But if you argue they do it in equal amounts you're either lying or blind.
Seriously? A GOP office was firebombed, Trump supporters have been repeatedly attacked, just this week a homeless lady was attacked for supporting Trump
Violent Hillary supporters aren't running for President.
Neither are violent Trump supporters
I'm not going to be bothered into proving Trump's violent tendencies and overt calls for violence from his supporters, because if you haven't noticed that yet you probably wouldn't listen now.
> Seriously? A GOP office was firebombed, And on the same night the Dem's office was also vandalized. http://www.rawstory.com/2016/10/nc-democratic-headquarters-attacked-on-same-night-nearby-gop-office-was-firebombed/
Somebody "scrawling" "Death to capitalism" at a DNC HQ is a little different from being fire bombed. In fact, they mentioned no other damage, no broken windows, they don't even say how big it is or what it is written in. But nice try for a comparison.
Both were attacked on the same night. Simply, that makes it unlikely that individuals from either one side attacked the other. Rather it is likely some third party.
How big was this graffiti? Logically, if it were a third party, both would have been firebombed
To be fair we don't know who firebombed that office. Of course Trump blamed it on Hillary supporters as soon as it happened.
No, but I can also cite the Project Veritas videos, the homeless woman in Hollywood who was attacked, the Trump supporters accosted outside rallies, and my own personal experiences of being physically attacked by liberals. How about the college campuses where liberals are attacking other students?
??? Veritas was produced by a known hackjob liar. It cannot be cited by anyone. It is not facts. It cannot be seen as facts.
Ok, show me where the lies are? Which part was doctored?
all of his - previous - videos so rational people suspect the same of the current ones.
Project Veritas is a partisan hit job, partially financed by Trump, by a hack who has a terrible track record for "the truth". I'm not saying nothing has happened, but violence has gone both ways, and some of the stories are blown out of proportion. There's also a victim mentality a lot of Trump supporters seem to buy into, while ignoring troubling rhetoric both Donald and a good portion of supporters have been spewing.
And some are outright bought-and-paid for lies http://www.breitbart.com/2016-presidential-race/2016/10/20/okeefe-woman-backtracks-assault-claim-project-veritas-video/
This election certainly has exposed the latent bigots and those massively effected by cognitive dissonance.
I know why would you want your political opponent dead it's so weird and scary... and again it shows how young Trump is..
Trump us like 70 though?
He acts like a 5 year old... he as naive a child.
Yeah, five with 65 years of experience.
over this election cycle he has demonstrated he has the temperament of a 5 year old. I mean my parents act like there years above him if we are talking about maturity. It's like because he was given everything in his life he's never grown up.
We shouldn't say things like "Wanting to kill people who disagree with you is a sign of youth." Wanting to kill people who don't agree with you is a sign of mental and emotional instability.
I agree, like joking about killing them with drones.
Well young people might say stuff like that because they don't realize how serious it is and can overreact easily about things. But for a grown 70 year old man to be screaming this and encouraging this behavior is absurd and shows how immature he is. He doesn't realize that acting in a outlandish way encourages the same behavior in his followers/
Oh I think he *FULLY* realizes this. I believe the term is 'dogwhistle'.
It's called dog whistle when it's subtle. This is in your face.
If you think the political system is fine then your view makes sense. For everyone that sees a terribly broken system and Clinton as the embodiment of that system, you get the viewpoints of this guy.
I don't get it. Large chunk? We only have proof a few whackjobs at some Trump rallies approved. Hardly a large chunk.
I don't mean as in a large chunk are those committing it, I mean in the sense that a large chunk condone it. If someone says something like that at a rally, people should be booing them not cheering or remaining silent
Rhetoric like this on such a high level can be a sign of of imminent civil war.
I wouldn't go that far, any sort of insurrection would be squashed within hours nowadays
Really? So it's not going to end up a shit show like the bird sanctuary case right? What's Obama going to do when 4000 armed Trumpets take over a power plant or oil refinery or a Courthouse in say North Carolina? What's the end game then?
depends. If it's legit violent- then it'll get quashed fast, but if you're talking about a relatively peaceful occupation- the Feds have learned already- e.g. Ruby Ridge, Waco. Unless they have a real real need to save lives or something, they'll just create a siege situation and wait them out. Malheur went the way it did because there were no hostages so they could just squat there for weeks and just wait.
If that ever happened I believe the plan would be to cut power and water to the building and starve them out.
I think we go a bit far with this. Americans Are not going to revolt to that degree in large numbers. We will piss and moan a lot and say aggressive shit but it's not going to happen for real. Its not that bad.
I think the response to taking over a critical piece of infrastructure would warrant a much more severe reaction than the bird sanctuary ones
Yeah but re-routing around a power plant or oil refinery instead of shooting 4000 hillbillies would be a great diplomatic move for America re: the rest of the world.
Which then leads to deaths, martyrs, and resolve. None of this rhetoric is going to end up in a good place. It will be bad if he loses, and very dangerous if he wins. His rhetoric has emboldened the bashful basket, and they believe it is a "cause" not a political campaign. Dangerous curves ahead.
Absolutely. This is a democracy and in order for the democracy to function and remain healthy there needs to be at least a sliver of respect for the views of each individual, but unfortunately Trump has removed respect from the equation.
I'm shocked at how hatred of Democrats is so acceptable
This election has me seriously considering buying a gun.
I agree with this sentiment. I live out in the middle of rural WI, not much happens around here as it is, but with how impulsive and violent the rhetoric is becoming by the day, I'd rather be a warrior in a garden than a gardener in a war...
Don't do it. The biggest risk you face as a gun owner is from yourself and your gun.
It can still be a necessity in dangerous periods like the post-election civil war which looks more likely every day.
I predict the worst we'd get is another Bundy Dildonian Standoff. Some white idiots would take a building outside D.C. and the cops would surround it and starve them out.
People who suggest 'civil war' is a thing that can happen right now are vastly over-estimating the abilities of the average Trump supporter. Have you actually -looked- at the ones who are calling for revolution if he wins?
Well their great great great grandparents somehow managed to start one. I don't imagine the average confederate soldier could have been that much smarter.
I fear someone who farms most of the sun-up hours and shoots their dinner. Someone who drives pickup-truck with a Stars and Bars bumper sticker and drinks a six pack twice a week? I fear that guy less.
Meh. Some bigish marches on Washington and maybe some southern cities with maybe a few skirmishes here and there. Possibly an isolated bombing or mass shooting. The violence will be widely condemned, fizzle out, then it will be just them ranting and raving on the internet and trump news network for the next few years. No civil war, they're all talk.
Yeah, I don't see them marching on any large(r) cities. These people are terrified of minorities and the "inner city" and think black people kill each other for funsies. I don't think you'll find a lot of lower-middle class white people looking to venture out into Oakland or Atlanta or, good God, Baltimore, armed or otherwise.
> and think black people kill each other for funsies. Something Trump has literally put forth time and again...
I don't like going into the city, but only because it's almost impossible to find parking without a huge fee.
> Some bigish Bigly
Donald Trump says Big League
He says both
This. I'd have bought myself a gun long ago, but for my pre-existing penchant to buy whiskey.
Why not have lots of both?? Edit oops I've upset the 400 lb cyber experts lol
You use the whiskey to sanitize the gunshot wounds, right?
Or put a combo lock on the gun. So that way when your done the whiskey your too drunk to get the lock off.
I'd just buy stock in a gun manufacturer for when Clinton wins and everyone rushes to buy guns before she takes them (even though she really won't)
I was gonna buy a gun when Clinton wins because I'm terrified the Trump supporters will just flip the fuck out.
Hasn't she been planning her "victims sue gun manufacturers" angle in the past and not just recently? If she gets that through no gun manufacturer will want to sell guns to regular people.
I think that case got shot down by the judge which sets some sort of precedent so it'll be harder to do later on
Well she's likely to be our next president, it's also likely (both because that's her position and she has a history of working for it) she will get through legislation that would allow (speaking loosely) such suits. The precedent would have to be set again regarding the new legislation, or it might not.
If that happens then you could also sue a beer company if someone stabs you with a bottle, or a car manufacturer if you get hit in an accident.
There are no laws saying you can't sue beer companies or car manufacturers though...
> it's this shit that makes me fear for the future of our country ...and makes me avoid vacationing in the US.
The liberal areas have the same values as most of western Europe. Don't worry, it's good. The red states are weird
Come to Canada instead! As the Arrogant Worms once said, "we won't say that we're better, it's just that we're less worse." Unless you're Canadian, in which case I hear Australia and Europe are nice for vacationing in.
But I hear tell that Toronto Sucks.
That song is actually by Three Dead Trolls In A Baggie! It's also quite true. New Brunswick really doesn't have a good mall.
I think I knew that, at one point. Though I always hear the Arrogant Worm cover. Well, I always see it when I search for it on Youtube. As an American, my favorite song is the War of 1812.
Go check out Jackson, Wyoming, it's safe and pretty gorgeous. Also I guarantee people will be enamored with whatever accent you have
Unless you are or seem gay and have non-white skin. Totally fine otherwise
For sure. I went there on my honeymoon, stayed at The Lodge ($88/night in the off season, it was incredible) absolutely loved it and vowed to buy a home there if I ever won the lottery.
How bout Spanish or Arabic?
As long as you're not a "brown person" then you're fine.
I live in the U.S. and dont vacation here. I need to GTFO sometimes haha
Don't let our insane politics scare you off, the average American is incredibly friendly and well intentioned. Plus the place is so large that it's easy to find a spot you'd enjoy for a week
Come to Washington state, you probably won't get shot.
Can I get this sentiment in the form of a bumper sticker?
Just stick to the blue parts. We are pretty cool.
Everyone knows that states that lien Democrat have the most crime.
LoL. K.
I think it's more like states with high crime lean Democrat. Just spit balling here but it may be because high crime typically means lots of illegal drugs and Democrats are more likely to decriminalize if not outright legalize, throw in a side of hatred for guns as they are seen being used on people rather than targets animals like in more rural areas and you have a recipe for a lot of Democrats.
lol Nope.
[No](http://www.worldatlas.com/articles/the-most-dangerous-states-in-the-u-s.html)
Blanket statements are not cool...
I'm from a blue state (NYC) and I'm headed to Utah day after the election to my favorite spot in the world, not too far from Zion Nat'l Park. And the people there are sweet as pie. Utah's ok in my book.
well Utah is on the verge of giving it's electoral votes to an independent named Evan Mcmullin instead of Trump, so I'm willing to say that Utah isn't as bad as most red states
Nothing like southern hospitality though!
Just ~~stick to the blue parts.~~ be white.
Lol no.
blue parts are urban be any race....
Yeah Chicago is one of the safest cities in the world. No wait... that's Detroit.
Try to be white.
Or the blue parts of the state. Texas ain't so bad if you're in Austin San Antonio Houston or Dallas.
Unless you go to a political rally for the opposition, then you may get beaten.
Eh. Red states like Montana, Wyoming, and Utah have plenty of attractions for tourists and you are no more likely to be a victim of crime than you would be in Chicago (or Paris/Brussels/Frankfurt/London/Madrid etc)
>in Chicago (or Paris/Brussels/Frankfurt/London/Madrid etc) I'm not sure you realize just how wide the gulf in the comparison you just made is.
I'm aware. Brussels, Frankfurt, London, and Madrid may not have the crime rate of Chicago but they all had high profile terrorist attacks. My point was that crime occurs everywhere and avoiding red states because of a perceived risk of crime is the same as avoiding some amazing European cities due to the risk of terrorism.
You would be less likely to be a victim of crime in the non urban areas.
Utahan here. We *mostly* keep our redness to ourselves. Stick to the cities and the ski slopes. Also, when you are out in the beautiful wilderness that surrounds us, you don't come in contact with too many folks, from either side.
Wait, I thought you were all white.... Jk (I'm not)
Half beer.
?? Shot of Cabo Wabo? Is this where we put in our drink order? Go Cubs!
The blue/red states thing is misleading. It's more like an urban/rural divide. You could drop a European liberal into Dallas, Houston, Austin, San Antonio, or El Paso and they'd never know they were in one of the more conservative states in the Union. In the same vein, you could take someone out of the liberal city of Chicago into the Illinois countryside and find a much more conservative populace than inside the city, even though Illinois is considered a liberal state. By and large, the liberal/conservative split in the US is an urban/rural split (with of course some notable departures). A tourist in the US sticking to the major cities and the tourist-friendly areas therein would have no issues.
It's like Tampa vs. Brooksville (here in FL). Latter's a place where I've seen Confederate flags and racial slur vandalism aplenty. The former is where my black ass had the time of their life in a gay bar (again). The kicker is how much of a difference a 39 minute drive can make.
You hit it right on the nose. Having grow up in a rural area and transitioning from to cities for college and career, I strongly believe that the polarization in America is due to each side not understanding the others way of life. Right now conservatives/rural feel their way of life is being threatened, and are refusing to listen to the other side just like you would if someone was trying to harm you. It is not logical, very emotionally driven.
Growing up in a rural, heavily Republican area myself, then moving to a few major, liberal metropoli for college, law school, and beginning my career, spot-on. I'm now back in said rural area, and I *get* why so many in rural America feel that the country is leaving them behind. As our economy transitions, focus is placed on urban areas (and the tech sector, especially). Old ways of life are dying. Women and minorities are achieving parity, and that threatens the status of rural American whites, who are seeing everything they've ever known to be "true" about the world vanishing. But this isn't a new struggle; in fact, the very first constitutional crisis our nation faced was between rural states and urban ones. The Civil War was fought in particular over rural states' desire to permit chattel slavery to prop up its economy against the more industrialized urban North. WW2 and the New Deal upended this balance some, as Democrats made a strong play for working-class white people in rural areas, and that worked... until the Civil Rights era, when minorities gaining more political parity threatened the status of working class white people. Now we're dealing with the fallout of Reagan-era economic policies and the restructuring of the economy into a global one where America is focused more on white collar jobs that require more formal education, and we do not have the infrastructure in place to attend to the needs of rural America when it comes to ensuring them a place in the new social order. I get their anxiety, but this is just normal social progress. It cannot be stopped, we have to deal with, they have to deal with it, and Trump has never been the answer to their problems. They think it is, that they can hold on to the world that has passed them by, but you can't go back again.
Montana is weird like that, they are all government hating libertarians that like to drink and snowmobile. Being gay in Georgia is terrifying at times, being gay in Montana is totally ok.
Really depends on the city for Georgia. The majority of the population is up around Atlanta. It's a pretty bare state
Any significant-sized town or city in the south is really not anything bad. I live in South Carolina and cities like Charleston and Myrtle Beach have large populations of White Republicans, African-Americans, gay people, etc. and there's very little tension.
I'm not sure if I'd include Mississippi, to be honest.
Tell that to Mathew Sheppard
Want to know how I know you've never been to Georgia?
I saw a film about gay ranchers in Montana. Or maybe it was Wyoming. Anyway, it was okay. They were gay but they pretended to be straight with their wives. And they had sex in a tent and the sheep watched (they were sort of cowboys but they were technically shepherds)
Brokeback Mountain?
Atlanta is one of the most gay friendly cities in the world; don't put all of GA in the basket
I don't know man. Try holding hands with a dude. Atlanta is not Boston/NYC/DC/San Fran
See it daily. Where in atlanta re you hanging out?
I don't know what you're implying, but nothing would happen. I live in Atlanta.
You've never lived in Atlanta or have not lived there in some time if you think that this is an edgy thing there. Atlanta has a very large gay population, and it is not hidden. Having lived in Atlanta for decades and visited NY, DC, and CA I would only say the rest of Georgia being what it is makes Atlanta seem less friendly than other cities, but that is not actually the case.
I see it all the time. Stop hanging out in the hood. (Or Cobb County)
Dude we just had a huge pride parade that went incredibly well.
Have you tried Midtown?
I think that is because Montana has more of a libertarian type conservatism where Georgia is far more religious.
Montanans seem to be more along the lines of the traditional, sane, Republicans instead of whatever the hell the Southern Republicans have turned into being. At least that's the impression I've gotten from a friend that moved there recently.
I've been to Montana for work several times and that's definitely the attitude. Sort of a rugged frontier individualism combined with Canadian politeness.
And therein lies one of the major problems when ideologies get reduced to single-bit binary choices; it's pretty grey out there in reality and we could all probably get along a lot better if we didn't see others as 0s or our 1s. Or vice versa. But I'm preaching to the converted here.
Yeah, we all agree that seeing people in binary groups is bad. I for one pity those people who are stuck in those patterns of thought. I don't have a point. Making stupid comments in r/politics is keeping me going.
Hail Hydra!
So you're saying that there are two groups of people: those who subscribe to the binary mindset, and those who don't.
No he is saying there are 10 groups of people.
Trump has done so much damage to the country, but it has unfolded at such a pace that the media and the public can't really reckon with it yet. I think it's going to be years to recover from what he's done to confidence in the media, elections and civic institutions, as well as the normalization of political violence.
> it's going to be years to recover That's assuming a more effective demagogue doesn't come along.
He just set a chain reaction of backlash off that is unprecedented. It got way out of control.
It's for this reason that it's a shame Bernie couldn't secure the nom. IMO he *was* the weaker candidate - I don't think he would have performed as well in the debates for example - but he was an *inspiring* figure with a fresh voice to an extent neither candidate is right now. I mean, it's impossible to know what that alternate reality would look like I suppose, but I imagine it would have involved a lot less shit slinging and calls for assassination.
I disagree. Trump have made the second amendment comment about Bernie. Trump cannot tolerate ANYONE opposing him in any way. He has put forth this message before.
Bernie has been saying the same thing since his college days. I have a family friend who knew him, and apparently he says the same stuff he said back then. He's hardly a fresh voice, unless people have just...I dunno, never heard anything that was said in the 60's and 70's...and 80's...and 90's. I certainly admire his ideologies and his nature, but I don't think he would be a terribly suitable president. Personally, I'd like Ron Wyden or maybe Russ Feingold. God I hope everyone in Wisconsin votes for Feingold. How we ended up with Bernie is kind of confusing to me, honestly, given that we have extremely liberal/left populist senators who are far more low-key and far better spoken, who say the same stuff Bernie says but with better clarity.
> He's hardly a fresh voice, unless people have just...I dunno, never heard anything that was said in the 60's and 70's...and 80's...and 90's. yeah large portions of reddit ignored stuff that was said from then. They still do when racism denial is so strong .
Bernie was inspiring to you, but don't mistake your own personal preferences for the countries. Hillary won the primary, that should tell you something. Trumps popularity is not Hillary's fault, it's the nation's fault. Personally (ducks from the downvotes) I supported Hillary over Bernie, I thought Bernie wasn't anywhere near equipped to tangle with the political beast that is the US Government. His current role of moving Hillary to the left will probably do more good than him in office.
It does tell me something....that it wasn't an even playing field.
You mean the former Secretary of State, NY Senator on 9/11, and former First Lady had a leg up with support at the beginning of the Primaries against a Senator from Vermont that no one really knew? **NO. WAY.** Listen, I loved Bernie but the entire claims of it being unfair are kinda ridiculous tbh. She was running a national campaign before he was, and already had national name recognition. That's how she had a leg up to begin the race.
He's been tangling with that beast his entire career. Also, Bernie is liked way more among independents than Hillary is. My parents and a lot of their friends are republicans, and they would have voted for Bernie over Trump but they won't do it for Hillary because she's so corrupt. Bernie would have won in a landslide, he was destroying Trump in the polls. Trump can't use Wikileaks, emails, and Bill's infidelities to distract from his own scandals if Bernie is running.
Trust me, by now they would be convinced that Bernie is a totally corrupt socialist who wants to take all their stuff and give it to Mexicans and kill all the babies. There were a lot of things that they would have used against Bernie in the general- the VA scandal is a big one that the Dems never touched, and Bernie was chair of the committee when that went down.
> I thought Bernie wasn't anywhere near equipped to tangle with the political beast that is the US Government. That's certainly a common conception; that Hillary is very experienced and competent. I still think that Bernie is more *inspiring,* sort of like how Obama was inspiring. Obama's "time for change" rhetoric was a huge factor for getting him elected, and Bernie's got the same charm. Otherwise he'd have been a virtual nobody like Jill Stein and the other non-mainstream candidates.
I agree. My heart is more with Sanders but brain with Clinton. I'm just so grateful to him for making the word socialist acceptable and moving the Democrats and our country a little more to the left and providing cover for Hillary to do so.They have been calling Obama a socialist Kenyan for eight years and without Bernie they would probably be calling Hillary a commie by now but Bernie is protecting that flank and the sense of integrity people sense in him won't allow that.
There would just have been even more anti-semitism involved.
And red baiting.
Yeah the sly undertone of anti-semitism that is previlient within his supporters would be in the front of his campaign.
I agree with you. This afternoon I visited home to vote for Hillary, and my parents are voting trump. My parents have always been republicans to the point where it makes up part of their personality, and my dad said to me right before I left the voting center, "you've always been different than the rest of the family and you can vote for Hillary to ruin our healthcare system even further. Just remember that when we can't afford treatment for your mothers cancer and she dies." And then he left the house... My parents are in the "lock her up" crowd, and I always knew that. I can't wait for this election to be over with. I hate it...its been the most toxic thing to talk about with anyone and it's saddening because no matter who wins I have trouble seeing the light at the end of tunnel through all this hatefulness.
Yeah the are trying to take away our good old private Republican Medicare insurance. Just like GW said Gore thought Social Security was some king of government program. Don't roll your eyes Hillary. It anger the idiots.
It's amazing how much better this country will get when those disgusting people wind up dying. I'm glad they didn't poison you to be like themselves.
Ditto co-workers at my job. All the shit they began saying in support of Trump made me wonder how much racism, phobia, and sexism they've been holding back from me before feeling like Trump gave them a voice. As of this post it's a big thing I don't miss about that temp job.
> my dad said to me right before I left the voting center, "you've always been different than the rest of the family and you can vote for Hillary to ruin our healthcare system even further. Just remember that when we can't afford treatment for your mothers cancer and she dies." Jesus Christ.
The truth hits hard eh? In MN health insurance cost is scheduled to increase by over 50 fucking percent next year, while deductibles also go up. Obamacare is an absolute joke if you're not very poor or very sickly, literally one of the worst things ever conceived and put out for most of middle america
Healthcare is cheap when you deny treatment to the sick.
Ok? Universal healthcare is a lot cheaper than forcing people to buy insurance from for-profit corporations that can pick your price
I agree with you there. Time for single-payer!
> Jesus Christ. Relevant to the article, seeing how said article ends with "Before Sunday’s rally, Trump attended a church service."
Ha ha! *When* we can't afford it? Jokes on you Dad. We already can't afford it. Haven't been able to afford it since mom was alive.
My grandmother's married to a man who has always been aFox News Republican, but he always put off the perception of being the friendly Mr. Rogers type. I've been arguing with him about politics since I was 13 and it's always been patient and civil. And he's all about "family values", so when I went to visit two weeks ago and jokingly brought up "pussygate" I figured he'd say hoe disgusted he was with Trump and we could move on. But he got in my face and started yelling about emails and corruption and "you're going to regret it!" It was so bad that both my mother (who was there) and my grandmother brought it up to me in the next couple days. They were shocked, too. This election has just...done something to people. Back in May he wanted nothing to do with Trump, now he's out for Hillary's blood no matter how he has to get it.
>This election has just...done something to people. Back in May he wanted nothing to do with Trump, now he's out for Hillary's blood Indeed... back in May, I wanted nothing to do with Hillary Clinton, but now I'm resigned to the fact that Clinton must win in order to avert a much bigger catastrophe.
Sad that people are ready to elect the queen 4 terms after the king. Smacks of russia.
This is where I am too. It's a shame, but these fascists need to get the fuck out.
This guy, eh? http://www.rightwingwatch.org/post/wayne-allyn-root-trump-never-groped-women-because-hes-one-of-the-handsomest-billionaires-thats-ever-lived/ Just thinks Trump is the handsomest, non-gropiest billionaire he ever done met.
Even if you like his policies... Man he is not a good looking dude.
“If you’re a Christian, you just can’t spend your life worrying about the words of Donald Trump from 11 years ago,” Root said, “or what women he groped 30 years ago. I don’t believe any of it anyway. I believe Donald Trump is one of the handsomest billionaires that’s ever lived; I don’t think he ever had to grope a single woman ever. I think they threw themselves at him, so it’s all a lie.” Am I alone in thinking Root seems to have some underlying unresolved homosexual impulses?
"I know I certainly would let him grab me by the pussy, if you know what I mean"
Lol holy shit. That's some seriously weird idolatry going on.
Nauseating behavior. And this is from a speaker at a rally, not just from some random supporter.
And totally different to when Hillary laughed about hitting Julian Assange with a drone strike.
Extreme vetting, folks.
The best people too. Do not forget the best people.
The awful thing is that no one is even surprised by this shit from Trump supporters anymore.
This comment doesn't mean much coming from the group of supporters that has actually used unprovoked violence on many occasions.
Really? /u/UvonTheDeplorable has used unprovoked violence? Or are you just lumping them together because they said something you disagree with?
If you're going to group us all together, don't get too triggered when I do the same to you.
Do we need two baskets?
The basket just got 10 feet higher!
Questions = triggered Okay.
Are you triggered?
*Tremendously* triggered.
For real. Only people I've ever killed were trying to kill me.
By voting Republican, right? /s
Well, one of them was Republican Guard, does that count?
In that case, someone voting Republican definitely led to that outcome. So, yes.
Um, the Republican Guard was Saddam's elite military unit. They have as much in common with the GOP as a beaver does with ice cream.
Ice is the solid state of water. Water not flowing. Dams. Beavers. Nice try Illuminati confirmed
Fuck, he's onto us boys. [Cheese it!](http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/cheese_it_futurama.gif)
I just meant both times the US fought the Republican Guard, it was under a Republican president.
Yeah, don't act like the other side is completely holy either. Most supporters on both sides are overall decent people that don't do batshit insane stuff, but don't act like one side is a group of violent idiots and the other is flawless. I've seen liberals promote violence against trump supporters just for having stickers on their car. Honestly I think you are the shittiest type of person in this entire argument by trying to spread pointless hatred.
One side is a group of violent idiots. You can see it in the photo right here.
Hillary supporters aren't the ones supporting someone who would like to jail political opponents.
Apparently trumpeters don't see a difference between random people sayings these things on the internet and the people who stand behind a podium saying the same things at a rally. Flawless logic.
>Yeah, don't act like the other side is completely holy...you are the shittiest type of person :-D Have fun dude.
I don't recall chants of inprisonment and murder at Hillary Clinton rallies by the actual speakers.
hell, when he said we'd add 650 million migrants in a week, I was just surprised he didn't say 9 billion migrants in an hour. That's how bad it's gotten.
r/the_donald
> He added, “I will give you my country when you pry it from my cold, dead hands.” Before Sunday’s rally, Trump attended a church service. Hahaha.
He didn't burst into flames from crossing the threshold of the church?
Last time I crossed the threshold of the church the a.c. busted. Not kidding here. If I wasn't so atheist I'd start to get worried.
If you read the Bible, God loves to punish people. Maybe this is it.
Jesus literally hates figs.
I thought God was meant to send a plag...oh wait that's Trump.
whats with the trumpets? seriously, you don't have to like hillary, then don't vote for her?? you don't have to kill her? like what has hillary personally done to you that has affected you to this degree? How has she ruined your life? please explain where this hate comes from. Don't vote for her, don't agree with her, fine. But you wanna kill her??? wtf is wrong with ya'll?!
For about 2 decades, they've had conservative outlets funneling vitriol directly into their ears that the Clintons are woefully corrupt, that they murder their opposition, that Hillary is literally a demon etc etc. Draw whatever conclusions you want about the truth. When that's all you've been fed on repeat, over and over, and you want to believe it, this is what you get.
Unfortunately for the conservative establishment, their constant stoking of fear in their base has resulted in a situation they can no longer control and they find themselves being bitten by the scorpion they created.
Jesus Christ what made these people so hateful?
Serious treason level crimes by someone running for president while calmly pretending to be a normal ethical human being? The only way to truly "throw your vote away" is to vote either trump or hillary
> Serious treason level crimes Technically it's not treason. This is Article III, section 3 of the Constitution: > Treason against the United States, shall consist only in levying War against them, or in adhering to their Enemies, giving them Aid and Comfort.
Fear of losing their majority white power. Even though they are far from losing it. They simply can't stand minorities and young women getting equal rights like them
Black people.
Hey now, didn't you get the memo. We're calling them urban now
The world is changing and they don't like it.
The thing is, the rate of change is only going up. We're on the ascending arc of an exponential in almost every way that matters. This is going to make those who are very conservative even more unhappy in the future. It's gonna get tricky.
Do you think we will survive as a species and that civilization will continue?
Climate change is progressing almost unmitigated and we're in the middle of a mass extinction event already. Will our civilization or at least our species survive? Maybe. We'll find out the hard way.
I honestly think we're like in the Dune novel by Frank Herbert. The future used to be nice and predictable, but not anymore. Now the rate of change is so great, and increasing, that anything's possible. Predictions a few years ahead are mostly fine, a decade or more becomes pretty sketchy, whereas beyond two or more decades there's a thick wall of fog. A large part of the uncertainty is due to the rise of artificial intelligence, but just the rate of change alone is skewing most predictions. I don't know what's going to happen. Anyone who says they do, is either lying, or deluded. We are clearly going through the greatest change in the history of mankind. I don't know what's on the other side. Kurzweil's Singularity? de Chardin's Omega Point? All bets are off. I am hoping that things will turn out just fine in the end. I am certainly going to do my part in trying to keep the boat straight, for whatever that's worth. You know, at least we can't complain that we live in times of boredom.
Fear and ignorance.
These are the kinds of people, as a Republican, I cannot be a part of. I am voting Hillary. Don't let Trump ruin the GOP. Please.
"These are the kinds of people, as a Republican, I cannot be a part of." Is this the new meme being pushed by our favorite buddies?
Which buddies?
That ship has sailed my friend
I really hope Republicans get a better candidate in 2020. The only thing worse than a two party system is a one party system.
If they couldn't get one in 2016 how can they get one in 2020?
unless Clinton's popularity improves dramatically in the next 4 years, I think the GOP is gonna stomp her in 2020 (I say this even though I'm a liberal). Clinton's only winning this election (marginally) because her opponent is historically awful. The GOP could probably go with a wingnut like Ted Cruz and win, or play it safe and put up somebody seemingly reasonable like John Kasich.
How are you gonna win a primary appealing to the Trump republicans that are so clearly here to stay, though? I mean, if Clinton wins, that's four years of the base just getting crazier, more riled up and wanting more blood. How would someone like Romney, McCain, Bush, Rubio, Kasich, whoever, step in and give that huge block of people what they want? I halfway think Trump might already be the fucking front-runner for the GOP nomination in four years... that's how whacked out this whole situation is, and how split the party is. Dark times ahead.
Ugh... I never considered him running again in 2020... Fuck...
For starters, I would try not putting up 12 total candidates during the primaries.
weren't there more like 17 in the beginning? Yeah the crowded field definitely gave a boost to the guy who hosted a popular reality show.
It's probably too late for the GOP. But if they split between the rational conservatives and the nuts, I think you'll find a home.
The GOP's electoral success at any level is built on a bedrock of Trump supporters. Every single GOP candidate in the country owes their office to them. They're not ruining the GOP, they just put on a bullhorn what GOP establishment would prefer be a dog whistle.
I think that the GOP is toast no matter what after this election. I think those that are conservative and do not support Trump should stop calling themselves "Republicans" and simply state that they are conservative. Time to form under a new banner - the names "GOP" and "Republican" are now tainted beyond repair.
Lol, sadly I believe you're serious. Trump will get 40 - 45% of the vote and you think the party is dead?
I am serious but I never said the party was dead, I said that the brand is tainted beyond repair.
Yup 50% of the population is just gonna dry up. I have in the past voted Democrat and independent and this makes me laugh hard. So much ignorance
Just lose the crazy supremacists and the ones who want Jesus to dictate hatred of gays and abortion and you will be fine.
They have spent 30 years loudly pandering to one of those groups and quietly pandering to the other. You are not going to get rid of those and still have a functioning party.
I mean it isnt everyone but if you get rid of the people who hate gays and abortion you dont have a big enough party to fight democrats. They need the crazy to be viable.
It's entirely possible that McMullen will create the new center-right party and the GOP will become the home of the racists, misogynists, anti-semites, anti-science types, and fundamentalist evangelicals.
This is what I think as well but he needs to win Utah to truly pull it off.
I do hope he manages to get Utah, just for the "well that's an interesting turn of history". Though, even without winning Utah I think he's shown Utahns, at the least, conservatives at the most, that there is a way to be a conservative without being an asshole. If he manages to capitalize on his polling and builds that into an admittedly Mormon-centric party but without being exclusive to Mormons, which I think he can, then he might be able to build something out of that. Win a Utah congressional seat or two. Get some "Big Money" behind him. Maybe get some GOP converts in other states to switch party. It may well be the unique demographics of Utah could be the ideal birthing place for the first viable third party in decades. Well... a political junkie can dream.
The thing is, pandering to those types has become necessary for the Republicans to distinguish themselves. Starting with Clinton I, the Dems have appropriated many of the Reps' traditional values. Balanced budget, moderate and generally business-friendly economic policy, "muscular" foreign policy (Clinton II's preferred term). The reason "social" issues like abortion, guns, LGBT rights/religious freedom are so prominent in the GOP platform is because those are really the primary wedge Reps have remaining with which to differentiate themselves. Drop all that from your platform, at a time when the Dems have the momentum and demographic trends working in their favor, and it's unclear to me how the GOP defines itself or competes. I hope I'm wrong, but I don't think November 8 will be anything close to the end of the Trumpification of the GOP. If anything, I think Clinton's victory will throw more gas on the fire.
(I'm not a conservative nor a Republican) Yeah, maybe they will be if that happened but I think too much has come out at this point to be able to purge the party of that behavior. That's not to say that this behavior wasn't already within the GOP; those that were already more or less "silent" (or much quieter) about those types of things have essentially been given a green-light to be loud about it now. Trump supporters will heavily resist any attempt to roll-back what they have nominated as their platform. They have already lashed out at some Republicans for dropping their support for Trump. I don't think it's wise to go over an on-fire bridge for them at this point. Who knows? Maybe I'm wrong. I guess we'll find out over the course of the next two years regardless of who wins the election.
As a liberal I also want the return of a sane GOP.
You would have to go back to abe. The rest since, along with the Democrats have been taken over by career politicans.
Yep. I would love a balanced system with two opposing sides presenting logical paths forward. I would love to be able to look at the ballot and consider each candidate individually, rather than checking "D" straight down the list, which I feel like I'm almost forced to do every election.
I am so fine with normal politics where people argue but come to agreements and try to work things out. Death threats, shutting down the governement, and not appointing a justice... This feels like sabotage
Seriously, enough of this obstructionist dog-whistle politics where the GOP continually fans the flames of racism and nationalism but, because they turn around as the fire spreads, thinks they have plausible deniability of how it happened. We need a reasonable GOP that will responsibly and respectfully act as representatives of their constituents, including a need to work across the aisle to get things done. No more of this "extreme Right" bullshit--get some moderate/centrist Republicans that have the integrity to call out bullshit hypocrisy and ideas that put party over country. How the GOP handles this election in the aftermath will set the tone.
Not really. GOP and Democrats have been working together to milk the public for years. Foolish to think there is actual rhyme or reason to politics, it's pretty funny actually.
The GOP has enabled Trump at every step. They're clearly endorsing his behavior.
I don't dispute that at all. But that doesn't mean there aren't some sane Republicans that might try to reclaim the party after this election. That was the point of my response, since the above commenter was saying he wanted the GOP to stop this now-acceptable Trump behavior.
Sure, but where are they? Why aren't they speaking up? Paul Ryan endorses him. Mitch McConnell endorsed him. Ted Cruz. Marco Rubio. They all endorse him. Who left has any credibility left to rebuild the party?
Ironically, it may come down to the true "outsiders" who've generally stayed out of the limelight. But several Republican Senators have spoken out against Trump since the beginning/near the beginning, so I think they'll try to take the reins, although we'll see how that works out with the fundamentalist and hardcore Trump bases.
Who hasn't endorsed him that's left though?
McMullian? If he were to win Utah that might give him some leverage in the GOP.
Kasich? Also a few retired but respected people like Colin Powell and Romney. Not sure if that's enough, though.
As as an Ohioan, fuck Kasich. If you want a sane GOP then pick a leader who has not made it his mission to destroy public education.
"Oh he can't control the behavior of everyone in the crowd!... shit wait he was speaking on stage?.... oh uh... he was just being sarcastic? Is that good?"
You wanna talk about the death of America. Letting a major political party get away with this type of behavior is the type of stuff that can lead to the crumbling of a nation. Just ask Russia, Germany, Iraq, and North Korea what extremism and propaganda machines can do to a nation when they get together.
Yeah, I called up North Korea. They said that they fully support Trump and that he'll lead us into a golden age.
*Best Korea.
The part about Hillary in a "white Ford Bronco", with Human driving and the movie titled "Driving Ms. Hillary"... Seriously, it's like he's trying to play offensive cliché bingo.
I missed the Driving Miss Daisy reference. Now I am confused. That was literally a movie about a racist white woman learning NOT to be a racist.
Doesn't matter. "Brown" person driving white person. Good enough for him. His whole fantasy is a massive stretch to rope in every tasteless cliché he can. The white Ford Bronco? Wtf does OJ Simpson have to do with this? Oh, right... Trumpets think the Clintons are murderers that got away with it. Never mind that Vince Foster, who nutbags think the Clintons had killed, committed suicide and his own sister wrote an opinion piece thrashing Trump for politicizing the death of her brother and that she was voting for Hillary. https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/opinions/vince-foster-was-my-brother-donald-trump-should-be-ashamed/2016/05/26/95c684f2-233f-11e6-8690-f14ca9de2972_story.html
> Doesn't matter. "Brown" person driving white person. Good enough for him. Touche. Morgan Freeman was always driving.
> "Mr. Trump has refused to condemn in a very serious way his racist and anti-Semitic fans,” Tapper continued. “He just has. He says things like, “Oh, sure, I disavow, I disavow.’ But he has never serious said, ‘I don’t want the support of those people, they are reprehensible, they have nothing to do with me.’ He has never seriously done it.” > Conway disagreed: “I think this exchange is frankly the best piece of evidence I have that we’re actually going to win in nine days because the idea that we’re going to shift away from the pattern of corruption the cloud of ethical stain that Hillary Clinton would bring to the Oval Office in such an important week.” I guess she's ok with this because this isn't an example of racism and anti-semitism, it's just murder squads?
Donald ain't no spring chicken either. Be careful what you wish for.
That's an odd fetish they have there.
These people think they're oppressed. If you were oppressed, you wouldn't be permitted to fantasize about this out loud. Meanwhile, Trump wants to censor what people say about him. And >When they make the run for the border of Mexico, there’s nowhere to go, because President Drumpf has built a big, beautiful wall. There aren't going to be any gates in the wall allowing passage between the two countries by car?
> There aren't going to be any gates in the wall allowing passage between the two countries by car? He better hope nobody invents the plane or the boat. Or the visa.
That guy's not what I'd call a "critical thinker."
So does the FBI follow up with these people, or what? The fact that they feel comfortable enough to make these statements publicly is disturbing.
Isn't that the Secret Service's job?
I wish I cared about anything as much as these people care about Hilary.
Based on the fact that he chose that movie, it comes off as him reveling in the imagined death of women who didn't know their place.
I love the headline photo, which appears to be a bunch of middle aged white guys holding up 'Women For Trump' posters.
Well, the last time a non-white dude tried supporting Trump it ended badly...
Well it's not like they can let the *women* speak, now can they? Otherwise they might bleed all over the place while being hysterical and flinging themselves at Trump. /s
"Swamp of crazy" about sums it up.
This guy did an AMA a couple months ago I think? He avoided a lot of questions, and answers to others were just bizarre.
"Before Sunday’s rally, Trump attended a church service." --- I laughed out loud.
Depressing. So even if Clinton wins, it's not exactly time to breathe a sigh of relief. I wanna know.......where my country gone?
hmm how Christian he is. best Christian
Not a very creative fantasy. No chains? No whips? No leather? Sad!
It's a death fantasy, not a kink.
truly HORRIFYING
Violent deplorables !
Yeah that Karma Wasnt it Christie that started the lock her up chant
who woulda thought hillary would be assassinated in office and not barack. shits gotten much scarier.
They are just misunderstood.... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LbJ_IJdB0ek
Everybody in this thread says a civil war is impossible, and I always think that they are only thinking of a civil war in terms of two standing armies fighting each other, and I always think about the possibility of guerrilla fighting. You know, attacks on government buildings, urban conflict and such. Think of the invasion of the middle east and how the us could not beat a bunch of farmers with guns. I think anyway.
Uneducated hicks run rampant in America.
This is so fucked. It's so sad to think these people fucking exist man. It's so fucked.
You want to talk candidate death fantasies? Try this one: Suppose Trump really is in bed with Putin, beholden to Russian financial interests, and possibly even being blackmailed. It's not as if gaining blackmail material over him would be difficult; he proudly boasts of his own weaknesses and lack of self control. If Trump loses this election, he is of no further use to, well, *any* foreign interest trying to subvert our electoral process. So if he's being blackmailed, and loses the election, he would be expecting to see the leveraging material made public, right? But *why*? Destroying Trump's private life by such means doesn't help any outside interest, and would in fact make such interference even more apparent. Consider that many members of the GOP have for decades supported the worst sorts of rumors against Bill & Hillary, even so far as implying the "Clinton Mafia" has repeatedly had their enemies killed. What could possibly be more destabilizing to the next administration than the "bungled" "suicide" of Donald Trump soon after HRC's inauguration? But suppose instead there really is not any such threat of blackmail? *Does it really make any difference*, given such an opportunity of sowing chaos in US politics?
Trump literally is hanging out with Secret Service men. Just tell them about the blackmail...
The only way to kill a witch is to drop a house on her, and that isn't easy!
Keeping my fingers crossed!
He went, he fantasized, she died.
Yeah, that's horrible. She should be in prison, not harmed. Yes she's been able to avoid justice since arkansas.
Let use not forget the hills Joke as she called it for the drone strike..................besides Wayne Allyn Root got it right. Clinton and aide Huma Abedin are going over the edge with the same political result.
If this is news, surely vp Biden saying he wanted to take trump behind a gym is just as newsworthy.
What two consenting adults get up to is none of my business.
Can't tell you how many Clinton supporters I've heard say pretty much the same thing.
Have they done it in front of large crowds as part of a campaign event?
Hillary doesn't have large crowds, so no.
So, it's just Trump supporters fantasizing about her death as part of his campaign. Gotcha.
You will always find crazies among every political group, there are plenty of hillary supporters on the internet who repeatedly threaten to assassinate Trump, I'd like the idiots who make these threats be thrown in jail regardless of which presidential candidate they're threatening.
It was a damn invited speaker! How can you still try to cling to the "just some crazies" argument?
If a democrat speaker referenced a movie in this manner I wouldn't give a shit, calm down a little.
Both are bad, but there is a difference between people talking on the internet and people making official speeches as part of a campaign event.
There's a slight difference between shitposting on reddit and doing so on television as part of an official campaign event. I mean, it's still shitposting. But one is done in person and to a larger audience and with the tacit endorsement of a pretty important group given it's a campaign event and all.
It's silly to think this is just a republican issue as we have seen way too many videos of trump supporters being victims of assaults that you couldn't possibly believe they wouldn't fantasize the same. I would have loved Ron Paul vs Bernie Sanders which could have been the most peaceful election cycle ever.
And Biden fantasized about beating up Trump "behind the gym". But don't forget! It's only bad when a **Trump** supporter does it.
I'll confuse the Trump supporters and say I disagree with Biden there. I don't know what that was about and if I got the chance I'd tell Biden face to face what he said was a terrible thing. Then I would say that he -mostly- did a good job as Vice President. I'd rate him nine out of ten.
Well, for one there is a pretty significant difference between a one-time fantasization of assault, and bringing in a speaker who has been warned at least twice by the Secret Service for his rally speeches involving claims that Clinton should be brought out and shot? A hand-picked supporter of Trump meant to introduce him at his rallies is trying to say their opponent should be killed, and despite being warned for it multiple times, Trump keeps on picking him to represent him. That's far more damning than Uncle Joe Biden spouting off once.
He doesn't want her to be shot, he just wants her to drive herself off a cliff, hence the Thelma & Louise reference. Reference: Mediate Headline [Trump Supporter Says He Hopes ‘We All Get Our Wish’ That Hillary Will Drive Off Cliff](http://www.mediaite.com/online/trump-supporter-says-he-hopes-we-all-get-our-wish-that-hillary-will-drive-off-cliff/).
>Trump adviser and regular rally speaker Al Baldasaro was investigated by the Secret Service this summer after saying in an interview, “Hillary Clinton should be put in the firing line and shot for treason." Misread the article, but still. Two regularly picked rally speakers talking about how the opponent should die? One is bad enough as it is.
If Hillary died off it wouldn't bother me knowing she was partially responsible for the deaths of Americans in Libya and the lives of thousands of people in Libya and Syria.
Both you and I know that you don't care about them any more than I do.
I forgot how Hillary flew over the Atlantic and personally strangled a shitload of people in Libya and Syria. Then she ate a baby in Brazil.
A high level politician being responsible for the deaths of others? Unheard of. Only happens to democrats of course right?
Exactly. I don't care about Hillary.
Ahh yes my team is totally perfect, your team is shit. They are literally made of poop. What if I told you both teams are pure crap and are just playing your stupid ass?
Politico has become a professional shitpost publisher
Seriously? The Virgin Nerds better do better then this if they want to distract from the FBI's criminal investigation into Hillary's illegal homebrew email server.
What investigation? I see no such investigation.
LMAO! Do you think it's a "Security Review"? Remember that Clinton lie? PLEASE! PLEASE! Explain to me what you think is going on!? And be as specific as possible! I want to know exactly what you think the FBI is doing with Hillary's emails if it isn't a CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION! I need a good laugh!
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/31/us/politics/fbi-hillary-clinton-emails.html?_r=0 Here you go. They aren't even investigating Clinton. Facts are real, no matter how hard you voted for Trump.
The one where none of the emails were actually to or from Hillary, and all emails are probably duplicates of those already turned over? Yeah, I'm sure that's really going to find wrongdoing.
It's a safe bet that the Virgin Nerds are the ones on the sub posting frog memes all day.
http://i.imgur.com/fg23RVs.jpg
That hat would be Exhibit A in a case of sexual harrassment.
Thats the most virgin nerd I've ever seen, I bet he blames girls for it too.
That's funny, I remember tens of thousands of tweets of people wishing death and destruction upon Trump. Strange how liberals suddenly care so much.
Has the Clinton campaign ever had a speaker at an official event say these things though?
I'll answer for him: NO.
None of them were Clinton officals or rally speakers
Move them goal posts.
All right give me an offical Clinton rally speaker that fantazied about Trump's death
All of them surely.
That's not evidence. Come on there's footage of all the rallys you should know exactly the ones since they had to have been all over the news and donalds subreddit
Sure it is. Hell, you want to kill him, I can tell.
There is a huge gulf between people who should never be president and people that deserve to die.
Trump doesn't deserve death. He deserves to be forgotten. Also I'm not an offical speaker or involved with any campaign in anyway. I just talk on reddit to vent against my frustration at this shit show of an election and that piece of human shit that is Trump.
Parkinson is a sad way to go
What Parkinson?
[bobble head](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMHOcmDVBP0) or [this slab of beef getting chucked](https://youtu.be/thNjxRMYOII?t=9s) can't even stand up for herself, how can she stand up to putin
Looks like she was trying to make a surprise face and screwed it up.
Let me guess, the first video is her looking at the balloons. Edit: It isn't. The Conspiracy Weirdos actually found new footage! Shocking! Of course Mister Lost-His-Mind-Mechanic refuses to acknowledge the reality of pneumonia. Or the three debates. Sad. Edit 2: SNIFF.
dat salt
I'm sorry facts bother you so.
FDR had a lot of trouble standing up, too, moron.
Hey, if we are going to talk about Putin, Trump is going to get on his knees or bend over for his buddy Putin, certainly isn't going to stand up to him.
Are you actually that desperate to push a false narrative? In the September 11 incident, Hillary Clinton nearly fainted due to dehydration resulting from pneumonia. The claim that she has Parkinson's is flat-out false and has been soundly debunked: http://www.snopes.com/hillary-clinton-has-parkinsons-disease/
it was 70 degree that day. I live in new york. How weak of person, not even close to 80. She said MC Cain was too old to be president and weak. Appearantly it's her now. LOL. karma
Continue with that false narrative. Dehydration has nothing to do with ambient temperature.
another reason seems to be (as stated by an aid) she tends to not drink enough water because of the campaign schedule and she doesn't want to have to ask to stop and find a bathroom. If she is seen interrupting schedule for restroom breaks she will, again, be portrayed as being weak. Political theater, while fascinating, is just sad Mind boggling at times. Right_Mind must never have done any road tripping with a grandparent. It is absurd the narratives and non-realities they create without first taking a step back and objectively assessing the scene.
i dont think she took a single sip of water during all 3 debates, probably out of fear of the sensationalist "OMG HILARYS CAUGHT LYING AND GETS DRY MOUTH" breitbart headlines that would ensue.
My father is that way. He's in his early sixties and has never hydrated enough. He's otherwise a healthy man and still works out but never drinks enough water and has had some light-headed incidents.
LOL, you watch too much YouTube. She stood up To trump in the debates and won all 3.
Nothing new, $hillary has [always been surrounded by death](http://mobile.wnd.com/2016/08/clinton-death-list-33-most-intriguing-cases/) wherever she goes.
Is there some kind of contest going on? Are you trying to find out who can get the most downvotes? Or - worse - do you seriously expect to be taken seriously?
That's right, ignore the content because it doesn't fit your narrative. I'm not a karma points whore unlike some people.
You're accusing Clinton of being a mass murderer. That's deranged.
You pretend that humans aren't capable of killing each other or ordering others to do it for them. Now that's deranged. Assuming the exact same article was focused on Trump instead of Clinton, this sub would be all over it like flies on shit. That's a fact.
> You pretend that humans aren't capable of killing each other or ordering others to do it for them. Now that's deranged. I'm not pretending humans are incapable of killing each other. All I did was call you deranged for calling Clinton a mass murderer. Your spurious logic doesn't exactly change my mind. > Assuming the exact same article was focused on Trump instead of Clinton, this sub would be all over it like flies on shit. That's a fact. Fact? What fact? Until there's an actual speaker at an actual Clinton rally actually fantasizing about killing Trump, there's no fact.
Why is it deranged? Because you believe it impossible? Based on what? Common sense? If we are using common sense to determine whether something is true or false, please tell me why so many people believe that some guy called Jesus could walk on water. But its ok to label Trump a rapist because some random people said so, right?
A lot of things are possible. It's possible that gravity seizes to work and the sun stops to shine. Possible. But not particularly likely. Claiming that Clinton is a mass murderer is an extraordinary claim. [Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence](http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Extraordinary_claims_require_extraordinary_evidence). > **Analogy** > Alice and Bob are two friends talking after school. Alice tells Bob that she watched a movie the previous evening. Bob believes her easily, because he knows that movies exist, that Alice exists, and that Alice is capable and fond of watching movies. If he doubts her, he might ask for a ticket stub or a confirmation from one of her friends. If, however, Alice tells Bob that she flew on a unicorn to a fairy kingdom where she participated in an ambrosia-eating contest, and she produces a professionally-printed contest certificate and a friend who would testify to the events described, Bob would still not be inclined to believe her without strong evidence for the existence of flying unicorns, fairies and ambrosia-eating contests. You don't have extraordinary evidence. You have uncorroborated rumors and speculation. That's no evidence whatsoever. EDIT: And since you added this to your post: > But its ok to label Trump a rapist because some random people said so, right? I'll reply to that as well. Trump himself has bragged about sexual assault. Not one or two or three but over ten... and counting... women have stepped forward to confirm Trump's own words. That's pretty solid evidence. And more of it surfaces everyday...
Tell me about Jesus walking on water. If we want to talk about deranged thinking, explain why so many people worship Jesus or any other popular religious figure - beliefs based on nothing more than some old random books and rumors? Show me the extraordinary evidence on that?
There is no extraordinary evidence for Jesus walking on water. You may choose to believe it. Or not. But you will not be able to prove it to a non-believer. You simply have to accept that other people do not share your believe. They, in turn, will leave you be as long as you don't do anything crazy because you think your faith demands it. But before we continue down this road, I'll tell you right away, that I will not let you get away with labeling an accusation of mass murder as an act of faith! An accusation of mass murder *demands* evidence. And you have none.
[deleted]
YOu don't see Hillary rally speakers talking about Trump dying
It really isn't.
It's obsessive narratives like this causing this sub to fall off the map. Good riddance
Yet here you are, commenting.
