As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil) * Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks) * Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail. * In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users. * Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not. Incivility results in escalating bans from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own. *** *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This is pretty low, to be frank. These people committed a crime, did their time, and are considered rehabilitated as far as the law is concerned. They are most likely working at Trump U because Trump U was willing to hire them. Try to imagine how hard it must be to find a job with convictions like these. Now they have been dragged out into the public to be used as fodder to talk shit about Trump / Trump U. (As if the fact that Trump U has been exposed as a scam isn't enough.) That is beyond fucked up. This is bad journalism and I'm pretty shocked the AP would do this. Lord knows I'm no fan of Trump, but to be perfectly honest, this kind of journalism is just sinking to his level.
Your post would be correct if Trump wasn't out there trumpeting "Law & Order" and increased militarization of the police.
This isn't about him, though. This is about the employees whose names and conviction histories just got pushed all over the globe by the AP. The article already demonstrated that Trump U hired a bunch of ex-cons. Okay, fine. But why publish their names? What's the point of that? Then the AP tracks them down and attempts to interview them about their convictions? What the actual fuck. I get that it's a hit piece to remind everyone about Trump U. I just think it's unethical as hell to publicly expose those employees simply because they have records.
> The article already demonstrated that Trump U hired a bunch of ex-cons. Okay, fine. But why publish their names? What's the point of that? I get where you're coming from and I agree for the most part. However, if you don't put names to it it makes it easier for the right wing to claim it's just baseless anonymous accusations. Unfortunately, in this media climate you might need to go over the line to provide the information for people to verify themselves. And even then you won't get much penetration into the segments that you'd want to reach. It's all a fucking travesty, really.
Back in May: https://twitter.com/bencjacobs/status/736676149875507200
Just the best people.
Trump is an equal opportunity employer.
In fairness, it's not like universities are crawling with children, so the students would be quite safe.
Is anyone really surprised? We all know the sort of people Trump hangs out with. I cannot believe the man was nominated to be president of the United States. What has our country come to?
You really want to go there? Hillarys closest aid is married to a pedophile.
Is the aid a pedophile?
You mean to ask "what did 40% of our country come to?"
Only about 40% of the US population will actually vote so we're talking about 16% of the US population.
Par for the course(s).
Guy is probably one of Hillary's top advisors now.
Which is likely the case with every major University, how is this even news?
Hillary's right hand woman is married to a pedophile. Just saying.
Seriously. She married him, so she's obviously guilty of every shitty thing he's ever done. That's how it works in trumpland, right?
According to this posts title, yes.
So, Huma being unable to predict the future is equivalent to Trump being unable to do a basic background check. Got it.
Aren't they divorcing?
He clearly could have found somebody better to run the daycare.
Sure, but they were teaching courses on drug trafficking and child molesting, so
AAAOOOOOGA! AAAOOOGA! DEFLECT! DEFLECT! DEFLECT! (What have we got? Is Trump University played out? Let's try it.)
Deflect? From what? Sounds like you're not interested in this thread/article. If you want to talk about emails, try one of the hundreds of other threads on the sub right now.
From the FBI continuing to investigate a criminal! If we want to talk about unsavory characters hired by the candidates, we could start with rapist Bill Clinton.
trump does business and hangs with the Mob, some real unsavory characters, wouldn't you say?
Which candidate is under FBI investigation again?
who's got three actual trial dates? one includes RICO you know.
Hard to say if the investigation was closed and reopened, or if it never closed to begin with and she's always been under suspicion. Obviously she's a colossal criminal fuck up if her email is in Anthony Weiner's possession.
let's give you that. What is trump hiding in his tax returns? he has promised on several occasions to release them, what's up? not something good obviously.
I have no idea. But whatever it is by no means rises to comparable to an ongoing FBI investigation into mishandling of classified information.
>Bill Clinton * not running for office * not charged with rape
Hillary has repeatedly said that Bill will be an important part of her inner circle when it comes to making Presidential decisions. They're a package deal.
Not charged with rape? No. Repeatedly charged with rape. Rapin' Bill has done well to keep his freedom. He should nonetheless be shunned. Instead he's Hillary's favorite surrogate.
...And the multitude of Trumps allegations? A guy actually running for President?
too bad you will only be able to shlort people. Put up or shut up... maybe next time you have bill clinton on trail you don't give the reins to someone like Newt who was having an affair at the time. It's like giving a gun to a toddler with you people. You have all the chances in the world to catch the clintons and the best you do is act like some scooby doo villain. "oohhhhh... I would have gotten the presidency if it wasn't for bill and his rapes"
If we're talking criminality, nastiness, repulsiveness, rapist > adulterer. Anyway, Bill is a rapist. Love it, own it. Vote accordingly.
Good thing those people are not on the ballot. Right liberals?
True. But Trump is the one who claims to have hand picked all of them, which puts his judgement into question.
so was Bill
There's no way he had a Clinton on his university staff. This is BS.
Yeah but Child Molester and Drug Trafficker were not their official job titles.
