As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil) * Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks) * Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail. * In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users. * Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not. Incivility results in escalating bans from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own. *** *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I would have thought he'd want to increase the budget for the North American Segregation Agency...
Leave NASA alone. If you want to boost their budget, fine, but cutting their Earth Science research is moronic.
He probably saw some of Chaffetz's signs
I would bet a significant sum of money that Donald Trump doesn't know what NASA stands for.
Nimrods Are Suckers, Ahbelieveme.
National Association of Sexual Assaulting?
Nice And Sexy Asses
That's hilarious man
Sexual assault is a Chinese conspiracy to smear honest hardworking billionaires.
Trump's stance on climate change should be one of the many many many many reasons Trump is unfit to be President. Climate change is a serious issue, and we need serious people as President to make sure we tackle it before it's too late. Not someone who has only evolved from saying climate change is a hoax, to saying its "natural".
Yeah, I hate Clinton as much as the next person but Climate change acceptance and action is just about the most important issue (and somehow the least mentioned) this election cycle. Yes, Hillary's indebted to the fracking industry but that we can fight starting day 1 of her time in office.
> Yeah, I hate Clinton as much as the next person I don't hate Hillary...
Fracking is actually a net positive for climate change in the current energy environment. Modern natural gas peaker plants add stability to the grid for a price equal to baseline coal while producing an appreciably lower amount of CO2 per kWh and allowing for a larger % of the total grid to be wind and solar before we risk instability or brown outs. Replacing coal with natural gas has at least a 20% reduction in emissions per unit of energy. It's also a wealth creating activity being done completely domestically, so the economic benefits are significant as well. There are not many down sides as long as we keep being tight on the waste water.
Evangelicals believe god will fix it. Or wipe us out with it. God's will.
Most surprising quote from that article: > Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas), a former presidential candidate who chairs the Commerce Committee’s NASA oversight panel, What possible qualifications of any sort does he have for that role? He is probably one of the least qualified people in all of congress to have anything to do with NASA.
They are appointed their positions based somewhat on simply wanting the position, and raising more money for the RNC than the others vying for the job. It has nothing to do with qualifications. In fact, some of the most anti-science people in congress sit at the head of science based committees. And yes, it's absolutely ludicrous.
It's why reddit needs to pull their collective heads out of their ass in the midterms. When the republicans win midterms, they get to choose who chairs what committees. THAT SAID- Ted Cruz isn't the WORST ever for NASA. Houston is in Texas, and being a senator- pork is good for Houston, is good for NASA. Again, I'd rather have someone else, but you could also do significantly worse. I'd say Cruz is better for NASA than Jill Stein would be tbh...
Qualifications have pretty much nothing to do with committee assignments.
Look who the Republicans put as chair of the Environment and Public Works committee... I'll give you a hint, they're from Oklahoma and love snowballs.
The science committees are why Republicans shouldn't be in charge. All they care about is pork for their districts.
Well, that and saddling science committees with religious extremists who they know will do their damnedest to hinder any scientific research that contradicts their ideology. Cruz, Bachmann, the current chair of the House science committee... Evolution? Stem cells? Climate change? If it's against the Bible, they'll purposely appoint evangelicals to try to put a damper on scientific progress.
Damn Republicans politicizing science. Space-based Earth science needs to be done, and NASA is the best agency to do that. If they want NASA to do more "space exploration", whatever they think that means, add that to the budget.
You know that these people think it's all about making spaceships and ray guns to zap martians or some zany fantasy. The idea that Earth sciences might have applicable benefits when exploring other bodies is obvious to you and I, it's a perfect test lab, but these dolts... I dunno man. I don't get how they do it. And I don't get how they are all so rich and Ivy League educated lawyers yet wilfully ignorant of simple concepts. I'd lose my job if I was that obtuse.
> Ivy League educated lawyers You spotted the reason. That's not a profession that rewards critical thinking, it only rewards arguing the best, not being right. I think more scientists and engineers need to get into politics.
Know nothing says what?
Literally attempting to argue with some of the smartest people on the planet is probably the dumbest thing he's done yet. And that's saying something.
Good, all the more reason to not take him seriously.
Donald Trump will promptly start the terraforming of the Earth.
I think you might have been talking about the terror forming on the earth if he ends up as president.
Unreal.
If you watched tapes of trump before this election, he almost seemed liberal, and had reason. I don't know, he is SO extreme now. Everything he says is extreme right wing stupidity, which I don't think he is. Call me crazy, but I think trump is being deceptive here, and believes in climate change
Dude, a good friend of mine is a older fellow who was a hard-partier in the 70s and 80s, supports gay marriage, supports weed legalization, is anti-war, etc. He converted to the Republican Party with Reagan, but he swears he's a fiscal conservative. He also constantly has Fox News or Fox Business on, so he believes that black people are violent thugs who don't know what's good for them, that climate change is a hoax, and that liberals are actively attempting to destroy America. He simultaneously holds the beliefs that the only way forward economically is with tax breaks for the wealthy, but also that the rich are corrupting our democracy. It's nuts.
Trump has been a climate change denier for years. http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/jun/03/hillary-clinton/yes-donald-trump-did-call-climate-change-chinese-h/ Not sure why this would be surprising to anyone.
That's 2012, I think he planned to run by then. I don't know, he had such a dramatic shift in extreme right wing talk post 2010ish. It smells fishy.
I honestly don't think the man has many core beliefs. I think he simply convinces himself to believe whatever will be in his own best interests. He may have once accepted the science showing that greenhouse gases cause climate change. But once he decided to wanted to become a right-wing political icon, it became in his political interests to be a climate change denier to boost his bonafides with the far right-wing, so that's what he has become, and he's probably read enough conspiracy theories over the past 5 years to convince himself of it.
He will win Pennsylvania and Ohio for sure now! Go Trump!!!!!
