As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil) * Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks) * Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail. * In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users. * Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not. Incivility results in escalating bans from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own. *** *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
> A public revelation in early October might have been less politically damaging for Clinton than one coming less than two weeks before the Nov. 8 election. It is also unclear what agents have been doing in the intervening time. Sounds like Comey got played.
We will probably never know why HRC had a secret server and why she deleted those emails. It's a shame she had so much promise and she threw it all away because of her greed and child molester husband.
As a public servant, weeks to take information from one topic and apply it to another and then run it up the chain isn't as slow as all that. What you need to remember is these people think that the way they will look good to their boss at the next level up is to check that the briefing Is grammatically correct and reads well. Then if there's a power point that needs to be prepped and have assests added. Ultimately people will rarely be nimble as they should in beaureacracy because that's not how they are evaluated.
And that also probably means that the emails aren't going to contain anything new.
Actually it indicates the opposite. The agents had weeks to review these documents before they briefed Comey. If there was nothing to show him, they wouldn't have been able to convince him to make this revelation.
I think that's still a possibility, but less likely. Assuming there is some bad stuff in those emails, they could already be bringing charges by now. On the other hand, a lot of agents aren't happy about Comey's decision not to press charges and may just want him not to be their boss anymore, which this very well might accomplish.
Wrong. The FBI - including Comey - hasn't even reviewed the emails. Not only that, they haven't yet even obtained a warrant to do so. *When FBI Director [James Comey](https://www.yahoo.com/news/comey-wrote-bombshell-letter-to-congress-before-fbi-had-reviewed-new-emails-220219586.html?soc_src=mail&soc_trk=ma) wrote his bombshell letter to Congress on Friday about newly discovered emails that were potentially “pertinent” to the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s private email server, agents had not been able to review any of the material, because the bureau had not yet gotten a search warrant to read them, three government officials who have been briefed on the probe told Yahoo News.*
Yeah I guess they saw an email inbox and drafted up a letter to congress for no reason, then he sent one to the same investigators that found the emails and they haven't even opened the first one, makes sense. (They found these with a warrant into AW sexting thing in case you are wondering)
I understand how they discovered this. But if the FBI is opening emails it has no right to open even once it knows it has no right to open them, we should all be incredibly concerned. Except, of course, for Trump supporters, for whom constitutional protections are optional depending on whom they help. But, hey - aren't you the one who knows more about national security than our 17 intelligence agencies? Perhaps you know what these emails contain?
?? They can open the emails as they were discovered while investigating the AW case, once they saw what they were, they notified Comey, who sent the letter to congress as he promised he would do in July. Now they are awaiting a warrant to *fully review* them.
Absolutely wrong. They had no authority to review unrelated emails, and they would quite obviously **not** require a warrant to search emails they already had a warrant to review. *One of the [government officials](http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/303463-fbi-doesnt-have-warrant-to-review-new-emails-reports) quoted by Yahoo News said the FBI director "had no idea what was in the content of the emails" when he wrote the letter to lawmakers.* But again, foremost national intelligence authority - what do these emails contain?
So when they discover emails while investigating another case how pray tell do you think they should *not read* them. Can you look at words and not read them? Have you tried that? They haven't been fully reviewed, they need a warrant. We don't know what they contain, we just know they are pertinent to the previous case, that's all Comey ever said.
So they have the ability to review them, but they need a warrant to review them? Um, come again? And truly - why on earth does a national security authority such as yourself not know what these emails contain? You're really slacking in your duties to preempt the conclusions of our 17 intelligence agencies.
Except all that means is that they can't admit that they reviewed them.
And if they did, the evidence would be illegal. That also matters.
That's a bit of a shot in the dark considering word is they're seeking a subpoena to view them.
The laptop is Anthony Weiner's, and he is co-operating with the FBI. He gave the laptop to them, so they didn't need an subpoena to view what was on it.
I don't think you can say that as a fact. It might be true but at the moment there are conflicting sources on whether the FBI is seeking a search warrant. The case is complicated by potential spousal privilege issues as well.
They need to request for a search warrant to read his wife's emails. > [New search warrant would be needed; no request yet made, CNN cites law enforcement officials](http://www.bloomberg.com/politics/trackers/2016-10-30/doj-fbi-in-talks-w-abedin-lawyers-for-e-mail-search-cnn)
Weiner can't consent to the FBI searching his wife's email.
Sure they would need a subpoena to review them officially. They won't disclose that they haven't reviewed them, but that doesn't mean they couldn't peruse them and then seek approval afterwards. Remember, the key is that Comey has said that they "appear to be pertinent" to the email investigation. That is not possible unless they know information about these emails. And lastly, it has been reported that Anthony Weiner is cooperating and has granted access to the content of his computer.
>appear to be pertinent The mere existence of the emails on a device that Abedin did not tell the FBI about makes them pertinent. In other words, it is evidence Abedin lied to the FBI. Hillary is not the only one who avoided prosecution in this case.
Someone doesn't understand the difference between false statements and lying.
Abedin only lied if it can be proven she *knew* about the emails on this specific computer.
Not that what you're saying is necessarily wrong, but it's a lot of speculation. Technically they could've seen one e-mail with a clintonemail address and deemed all of them pertinent to the email investigation - they don't need to view the content of them to deem them pertinent. I also am not sure whether Weiner's permission allows them to view them or if they'd still need Huma's permission also.. I don't think we know enough of the situation to say for sure.
There is also a question of legal Privilege -- if the emails were on behalf or as a part of her position to the Sec'y State then there would be in a special category of information that requires extra hurdles to be cleared and Weiner could not have give consent for those emails to be revealed, even assuming he was aware of them.
And THIS is exactly the sort of unfounded speculation that the DOJ is required by law to avoid.
So they looked through them illegally?
Exactly.
Wow, case closed then. Some people on Reddit made some assumptions based on incomplete information. Might as well lock them up now.
So they can't be used in court whatsoever as they were obtained illegally and everyone involved should be fired.
No lol. They just aren't going to tell anyone that they have looked at the emails until they receive clearance from the judicial system. They didn't obtain the emails illegally.
That would make the emails inadmissible in court.
They can't open the emails without first getting a warrant from a judge. Violating that would make that evidence illegal and it would be inadmissible in court. There is not some legal grey area where they can just say "Whoops, we opened them already. Our bad."
wat? why?
Because it makes him feel better to think that.
If they contained anything that would lead to an indictment, why would they have waited? If there is little to nothing in the emails, wait it out and let the media crucify Clinton without giving Comey the proper time to set the record straight. I'm not saying there is nothing there, but waiting until the election is nearly over is the best course of action if there in fact is nothing.
It's also the best course if there is information.
...no.
...yes
Exactly.
>It is also unclear what agents have been doing in the intervening time. Playing politics with a presidential election.
Try again. Criminal investigations take time. Especially when we're dealing with potentially classified information and tens of thousands of documents. http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-10-30/fbi-scour-through-650000-emails-found-weiners-laptop Leftists could have very easily avoided this by not nominating someone under investigation by the FBI.
I'd bet one of them leaked it to chaffitz on Thursday who then forced comey's hand. Chaffitz rejoined the trump train on Thursday.
Chaffitz said he cant support or endorse trump but simply that he was voting for trump bc of how bad HRC is.
So he's endorsing Trump.
saying who u vote for isnt an endorsement
K
Im glad we have come to an agreement
The chairman of the congressional oversight committee should investigate this. Oh wait...
Who oversights the oversight committee?
obama
Obama new about the private server then lied about it.
house ethics comm?
So let's summarize: * FBI agents knew of these emails a month ago but didn't tell Comey about them until last Thursday. * Comey decides he should acknowledge these new findings to Congress by writing an extremely vague letter to them ([despite the DOJ advising him not to do that](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/oct/30/robby-mook/clinton-campaign-says-comey-letter-violates-justic/)). * Chaffetz (who re-endorsed Trump on Wednesday the 26th, the day before the FBI agents briefed Comey about the new emails) and other Republicans received them first and decides to tweet about it making it into a news story on Friday afternoon. * Comey writes in the letter that they don't know any details about these emails but that they could be important to the investigation. * Trump goes on a lying spree and makes up all kinds of bullshit to use the situation to his advantage. * News comes out that the emails might not involve Clinton at all but her aide Huma Abedin. * News gets out that the FBI hasn't even looked at the emails. * More news gets out that the FBI hasn't even requested a search warrant to read the emails (which should've been step 1). * [The FBI now has the warrant](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/fbi-obtains-warrant-needed-start-reviewing-emails-found/story?id=43179164). So why the hell did Comey even release that letter? Is this an abuse of power-case? EDIT: Updated with warrant approval.
This is so incorrect it's laughable. Comey never said he doesn't know the details of the emails. Sorry, push your propaganda somewhere else.
He did say that ["Although the FBI cannot yet assess whether or not this material may be significant"](https://lawfare.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/staging/2016/Comey%20Letter.JPG).
Precisely. He said he wasn't sure on their significance yet. Not that he didn't know the details.
Lots of misinformation here
Please point it out, if it's accurate I will update it.
On your point of Republicans receiving the letter first, that point is totally false. We don't know the true facts around this wholestory, I suspect Comey will be out at some stage tomorrow with an announcement, and a lot of this will be cleared up, and we will know whether or not this is something serious or not
Not according to[ this](http://shareblue.com/jason-chaffetz-tweeted-comeys-letter-before-democrats-even-saw-it/): > > Now we learn that Democratic lawmakers may not have even seen the letter before Chaffetz, eager to influence the outcome of the election, tweeted it. > A senior Democratic congressional aide provided the following statement to Shareblue: > > Democratic Ranking Members on the relevant committees didn’t receive Comey’s letter until after the Republican Chairmen. In fact, the Democratic Ranking Members didn’t receive it until after the the Chairman of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Jason Chaffetz, tweeted it out and made it public. I know the source is Shareblue but I don't see any reason they would need to lie about this. It wouldn't matter. EDIT: The Clinton camp acknowledged they missspoke about this not being sent out to Democrats. Thanks /u/wonderful-this & /u/jsdow640
That is a CTR website, they can't be trusted.
The reason they have to lie about it is because it's a site owned by the biggest crook of all David Brock Just watch this and your point will be null and [void](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSffMXy9Q9c) (4.20)
I know it's a democratic site hence me writing "I know the source is Shareblue...". But just because the Democrats were CC:ed or received the letter doesn't mean they received it at the same time as Republicans. It could've been timed to receive it a bit later. What I meant was, there wouldn't be any reason for them to lie about receiving it at the same time or not. EDIT: I've removed the link in my comments above as Politifact addressed this and the Clinton campaign acknowledged that they misspoke.
And you'll also find that Clinton won't come out and say that she misspoke unless she's asked about it. She will just hope that people forget about it. Whereas, with a guy like Sanders or Biden as the nominee, you can be sure that they'd a) not make such a quick assumption and b) apologise even if no-one else brings it up
It's not that big of a deal anymore. Her surrogates like the one you linked to said it right? There's bigger things to focus on. I mean if we were going to go by that Trump would have to spend several hours per day making up for everything he lied or misspoke about.
Just did a little searching and [Politifact](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/oct/30/hillary-clinton/clinton-wrongly-says-fbi-director-sent-letter-abou/) does have it as a false statement. Clinton camp acknowledged it mis-spoke. Still not clear to me whether there was a gap in delivery time between reps and dems.
Thanks, I will correct it, but I will leave the possibility open that it could've been timed to be sent a bit later to the Democrats so they wouldn't have so much time to prepare something.
He released the letter because he legally had to. If doing your job is an abuse of power... I can't even finish this. The arguments being made here are so freaking disingenuous and absurd. Remember, this is all happening because of actions Clinton took in the first place. Actions that she has acknowledged were wrong.
No, he didn't legally have to. Comey does not answer to Congress, he answers to the AG and Asst. AG. He was under no obligation to tell Congress or release that letter, especially since his bosses told him not to.
He had to amend his sworn testimony made to Congress in light of new information. When you are testifying to Congress under oath, then yes, you have to abide by their rules.
No he wasn't legally obliged to do so. The DOJ advised him to NOT release it and they oversee the FBI.
He legally had to amend his sworn testimony to Congree. DOJs opinion means nothing in the matter. They don't get to decide how sworn testimony works.
Where did this come from? So many people are spouting it but no one will provide a source.
>He legally had to amend his sworn testimony to Congree Where is your source, because even Comey didn't say that.
I think Chelsea was right on Bill Maher, if this info would get out after the ellection trump's sect would go berserk. Also Comey might have been influenced somehow - AG meeting with Bill Clinton, so he might be pissed about it, who knows.
Sounds like typical beauracracy. You have worked before in your life right? Lots of organizations need cleaning out. You shouldn't be so surprised that military and espionage apparatus are fucked.
I swear to God we need an HBO drama series of this year's election.
> FBI agents knew of these emails a month ago but didn't tell Comey about them until last Thursday. Since Comey couldn't keep his mouth shut for even 24 hours, it seems like maybe his staff should have waited *just a little longer* to bring him up to date.
This whole thing smells. They haven't even requested a warrant at this point. The FBI is playing games with our democracy.
> news gets out that the FBI hasn't even requested a search warrant >This whole thing smells. They haven't even requested a warrant at this point Why are even still going on about warrants. They don't need a warrant, because Weiner consented to the contents of his computer being searched and that includes his "life insurance" emails. When you consent to a search, a warrant is not necessary. Maybe you would know this if you followed news outside the r/politics echo chamber. CNN itself has acknowledged this already, for fuck's sake. Jesus, people. You don't even need spin anymore, you spin yourselves.
I just got down voted to oblivion trying to walk people through it. People are trying really hard to push this meme in unison. I wouldn't know who could be behind something like that.
And you are getting your information from where? From everything I have read, they need the warrant because the emails are not relevant to the Weiner investigation therefore not covered under the warrant/subpoena already obtained. But let's say you are correct, then you are suggesting that they have already gone through the emails and Comey is lying to Congress and the American people? Or, they are just sitting on the emails and Comey wrote the letter to influence the election? To suggest that they already have access to the emails opens up a whole other can of dirty worms.
> And you are getting your information from where? CNN and NBC. > From everything I have read, they need the warrant because the emails are not relevant to the Weiner investigation therefore not covered under the warrant/subpoena already obtained. They've [*just* secured a warrant for everything on Weiner's computer that Abedin claims is hers](http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/fbi-obtains-warrant-newly-discovered-emails-clinton-probe-reid-accuses-n675411) and not connected to him. So this conversation turned kind of moot.
>They don't need a warrant Clearly they do, as they obtained one today. So who's the one spouting bullshit again? You're so mad and so wrong, it's hilarious.
> CNN itself has acknowledged this already, for fuck's sake. Literally on CNN right now: >Justice Department and FBI officials are working to secure approval that would allow the FBI to conduct a full search of Abedin's newly discovered emails, sources familiar with the discussions told CNN. >Government lawyers haven't yet approached Abedin's lawyers to seek an agreement to conduct the search. Sources earlier told CNN that those discussions had begun, but the law enforcement officials now say they have not. >Either way, government lawyers plan to seek a search warrant from a judge to conduct the search of the computer, the law enforcement officials said. The issue is complicated because the computer is considered to belong to Weiner, and the case may raise spousal privilege legal protections for Abedin. I don't know if you're right or not, but it's hardly crazy to believe them over you. [Source](http://www.cnn.com/2016/10/30/politics/clinton-emails-fbi-abedin/)
> I don't know if you're right or not, but it's hardly crazy to believe them over you. To cite it for you, I went to search for the previous CNN article where it was stated they didn't need a warrant, and this *just* came up on NBC: [They've secured a warrant to read Abedin's emails on Weiner's laptop](http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/fbi-obtains-warrant-newly-discovered-emails-clinton-probe-reid-accuses-n675411). So apparently they had a permission to search Weiner's laptop, found the emails, didn't want to read them without a separate warrant (maybe because it's a high profile case?), and now they have that warrant. I don't think I've ever before heard of the FBI needing two separate warrants to look at files on a machine recovered during an investigation, but I guess I'd be cautious too if I was investigating house of cards -style destruction of evidence.
It's because they're 2 separate investigations. When you apply for a warrant, you have to be very specific as to what you're looking for. Most likely, their warrant was "all electronic communication to and from Anthony Weiner". Upon searching the metadata, they likely came across Huma's communication. So, in order to be able to look at that, they need a separate warrant because that's not covered in the original one.
> The FBI now has the warrant
Oh NOW you're worried about 3 layer agencies overreaching their power?
God damn it our government is full of morons
This sounds like a trap that Comey walked right into
>Chaffetz (who re-endorsed Trump on the same day as the FBI agents briefed Comey about the new emails, 27th Oct.) and other Republicans receives them first and decides to tweet about it making it into a news story on Friday afternoon. Yeah, this probably goes much deeper. Chaffeass must've had a significant hand, beyond just forwarding the memo. It's now a 'Who Watches the Watchmen' situation. Comey surely won't investigate and the possibility of the perpretrators not being higher ups is indication enough of a level of institutional bias that's politically motivated, and it's bad news for the Justice Department to be prosecuting an entire intelligence agency at that level.
Just relax and wait until Tuesday at 11am.
I find it disgusting how Trump gets off scot-free going out on a lying spree as you say, while Clinton gets hammered for emails that literally nobody at the FBI has even read. The only candidate who has been proven to have done anything wrong as it relates to this case so far is Trump.
Yeah it's absolutely disgusting. He's proven to lie around 40 times per day which is just mind boggling to me. Just one of his rally speeches contains a crazy number of lies and exaggerations while he's inciting violence against Clinton.
I think the Clintons have him beat. And if you are older than 18 you should know that.
I think you're talking out your tuchus.
Um, there are articles everywhere calling out Trumpo's lies.
Looks like the FBI now has the warrant http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/fbi-obtains-warrant-needed-start-reviewing-emails-found/story?id=43179164
Yeah I noticed that too. I'll update the summary, thanks!
no problem!
Someone [posted a series of tweets](https://twitter.com/j_laumann/status/792384772790218753) on Friday about a conversation he (allegedly) overheard from an FBI agent on his flight. The gist was that the NY FBI office was pissed that the DC office was taking over the Eric Garner investigation. In retaliation, the NY office threatened to leak the information about the emails found on Weiner's computer--forcing Comey's hand. I didn't give it much credence then, but it seems more plausible given this news. https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Cv8dvKlXYAAv3ly.jpg https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Cv8dvlnXEAAu5LW.jpg
Thanks for sharing this. Highly plausible that the internal story is much like any other agency -- less of a drama involving partisanship and malice, and much more about internal fiefdoms and egos...
Oh yeah I saw that on Twitter briefly. Really interesting and a bit terrifying how openly he talked about it if it's real.
It wouldn't be difficult for the FBI to figure out which agent was on that flight, and fire him.
True, but it would probably draw attention to the FBI in the wrong way.
An unidentified agent getting fired for discussing confidential investigations and internal politics in a public environment would be terminated with cause. So he couldn't create a shitstorm in the media. Since we don't know who he was in the first place, we wouldn't know that he was fired in any other way.
As long as the agent didn't have intent...
Overheard on a flight could have easily been, "was told directly". Somehow everyone assumes FBI agents can leave their politics at the time clock.
In either case, the fact that he was speaking as an FBI agent and not as an ordinary citizen, and was commenting on internal departments, is reasonable grounds for losing his job. Would be the same if discussing confidential aspects of any employment and letting the public see you as an employee with privileged information.
Seems to me Chaffetz was quick to release this because he wanted to change the narrative about him being a national joke for not endorsing, then re-endorsing someone he said this about >"My wife, Julie and I, we have a 15-year-old daughter," Chaffetz had said on "CNN Tonight." "Do you think I can look her in the eye and tell her that I endorsed Donald Trump for president when he acts like this and his apology? That was no apology, that was an apology for getting caught." >Chaffetz continued: "So I'm not going to put my good name and reputation and my family behind Donald Trump when he acts like this, I just can't do it." He was on tv all night bragging about his morals and values. Then he backtracked and endorsed Trump.
Yes, and notice how it's only the Clinton campaign and democrats screaming to release all of the emails? Trump and the repubs sure aren't. Because they know the headlines are all that matter and there's likely nothing there.
>Yes, and notice how it's only the Clinton campaign and democrats screaming to release all of the emails? That's not how criminal investigations work. The FBI doesn't just release all the evidence because it would be politically advantageous for the targets career.
You're missing the point.
It's funny because this could have been over a year ago if Clinton released all of the emails
They know the FBI isn't going to just dump 650k emails pertaining to multiple ongoing investigations to the public, especially without combing through all of them again to verify if there is any classified info in them and separating possible child pornography from them. If the FBI actually followed through with their demands they would be immediately asking for him to resign and would actually have a leg to stand on unlike what they are trying now. This is what you call a high-stakes bluff. Makes them look like they got nothing to hide by asking for transparency knowing there is no legal way for the FBI to be transparent here. They gain everything by pretending this is nothing, and they only have to hold it up for less than two weeks.
I've never heard of a Trump supporter who doesn't want all of Hillary's emails released. Ever. Most aren't smart enough to realize that headlines dictate how the public perceives information.
I was referring less to his supporters (because they are going to be disappointed) and more to the repubs in Congress.
Wiener just gave permission to all the emails, r/the_donald is celebrating. They want the truth.
Good. Then I guess they and I agree on something for once.
>They want the truth. I'm pretty sure no matter what they emails say, they will call it a SMOKING GUN! The truth is subjective now. There is no truth, just collective delusion (pretty much on both sides).
Post-fact society and hyperreality.
Because Trump supporters aren't playing politics, they genuinely believe something *even more* sinister is going on with Hillary, so obviously they want the emails read. But Trump, GOP/Fox sure don't want them read yet, because odds are, the emails contain nothing. Politics, baby.
Obviously the emails will reveal that she is a lizard controlled by the head lizard, Imam Obama.
Actually, Pence has, but he's kind of operating in his own universe.
Yup, spineless politician.
I'm wondering if chaffitz got the info early and forced comey's hand.
Chaffetz wanted this to become the story instead of his re-endorsement of Trump
Except he specifically stated he does not endorse Trump. He's voting for him bc Clinton is that horrible.
"I'm not endorsing him, but I'm voting for him and you should, too. But it's totally not an endorsement, guys."
Yes, words have meanings
Hmm interesting theory. So someone working on the Weiner-case could've leaked it to Chaffetz who as you say forced Comey to make an official response to it, otherwise Chaffetz would leak it to the press which would disintegrate all the public trust of the FBI because it would seem like they were trying to hide the emails from the public. I like this theory. EDIT: Interesting detail in all of this: [Chaffetz re-endorsed Trump ~~on the same day~~ a day before Comey said he got briefed about the new emails](https://twitter.com/jasoninthehouse/status/791445788656226304).
Chaffetz specifically said he wouldnt endorse trump, just that its who hes voting for because HRC is that bad.
He said that yes but as he is voting for him I see that as an endorsement. It's just a figure of speech anyway and he should stand by his own words he said about his daughter.
Let me get this straight, the main says he doesnt endorse donald trump and you take that as him saying he endorses donald trump...? you are joking right? Saying you are voting for someone and endorsing someone are two completely different things.
endorse means to declare one's support of. If he voted for Trump but kept his mouth shut, then you would be right. By publicly saying, "I am voting for Trump," he has declared implicit support; i.e., he's actually voting for him. That, to me, is an endorsement.
An act of giving one's public approval or support to someone or something. That is the definition for an endorsement. He is CLEARLY not giving his approval to Trump but rather stating that he is voting for the opposition of HRC. Read the fucking tweet, its not rocket science.
Why would he state it? Why would he open his mouth at all.. If he's not endorsing anyone, nobody needs to know who he voted for, unless you're suggesting some people might be compelled, upon hearing who he voted for, to vote the same. If only there was a word that could encapsulate that more succinctly.
"I'm not endorsing him and everything he stands for is horrible, but I'm gonna vote for the moron!" You shouldn't have to go by that logic, if he dislikes Trump that much he shouldn't vote for him. End of story. Have some integrity for crying out loud.
Im not talking about what he should or shouldnt do. Im saying he didnt endorse Trump. Stop trying to change the argument. You should edit your original comment to state that Chaffetz actually did not endorse trump.
There is no way you believe this. Voting for someone isn't necessarily endorsing, so your point is fair if he kept his mouth shut. When you come out publicly and say who you are voting for, that is an endorsement. No ands, ifs, or buts about it.
A popular theory in Trump Land is that the NYPD found things of "pertinent interest" and let the FBI know. Downvotes or not, I cannot believe Comey would have written a letter to congress without having some idea of what might happen.
Comey says he was briefed on Thursday; Chaffetz re-endorsed on Wednesday.
Hm okay, I thought he tweeted about it first, the time stamp says 3:05 AM - 27 Oct 2016. Did he announce it somewhere else before this?
Are you in Europe? He tweeted his re-endorsement on [Wednesday night](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/jason-chaffetz-reendorses-trump_us_5811571de4b0390e69ce3349).
Yes, that might explain things. I'll edit my comment above. Thanks!
This could mean that Chaffetz has a man on the inside in the Weiner investigation who gave him a heads-up that Comey was about to be briefed.
I think he saw that McMullin was becoming a real threat to win Utah, which would make him a threat to Chaffetz's upcoming run for the Senate.
It's kind of an open secret that Weiner was under investigation. It's entirely possible that Chaffetz asked Comey about the status of the investigation and whether they'd found any emails with Huma's boss, hint hint.
>It's kind of an open secret that Weiner was under investigation. Open secret?!?! Dude is very publicly facing jail time for sexting a 15yo girl.
I'm sure that's what happened. Everyone is blaming Comey for all of this, but Chaffetz has other connections in agencies such as the FBI due to his committee assignment and moreover, Chaffetz is the one that leaked the letter. He probably re-endorsed Trump because he saw it as politically expedient now that more email drama could follow Clinton.
Or maybe he doesn't want to see a criminal in the office of the President. Chaffetz is my representative, as I'm in Utah, and I've always hated the guy. He's a corporatist bigot in most aspects of his political career. However, I'm proud of my representative for pushing so hard on the investigation of Hillary Clinton because no one else in Washington has the balls to do it. -NotATrumpSupporter
I'm sure Private McMullin will save you.
Jill Stein all the way. Only liberal on the ticket.
> However, I'm proud of my representative for pushing so hard on the investigation of Hillary Clinton because no one else in Washington has the balls to do it. Hahahahahahahahaha!
As a fellow Utahn and constituent of Chaffetz, I've hated him from the day he went into office. He's a disgusting, spineless, obstructionist piece of garbage but the dipshits in Orem keep electing him. I've never been proud of him and I'll be glad when his ass is gone.
You're proud of wasting millions in yet another witch hunt in a decades long line of witch hunts that will find nothing like always? No wonder he keeps getting reelected with people like you in his district.
Nobody? Really. Darell Issa the hack that he is also had another Benghazi related investigation. I think you are giving the Chaffetz way too much credit. He kept stating that military forces were ready to intervene, but Obama/Hillary called them off which lead to American deaths when he knew full well that military intervention wasn't called off until after the mortar attack had already taken place and the rest of the US personnel were on their way to safety. He is directly responsible for for perpetuating conspiracy theories he knows to be false. There have been numerous Benghazi and email investigations and most all republicans have gotten in on the action. Chaffetz doesn't have balls he is just a political hack.
Yeah, Benghazi is a sham but the issues he's pressing her on right now? Not a scam. She needs to answer not only for her inept ability at keeping classified information private, but for the contents of those emails as well.
The problem with Benghazi wasn't the actual attack, it was the cover up which included the email server.
What exactly was covered up in the Benghazi situation? 7 Congressional inquiries and they found nothing nefarious.
1). You admit that he is a partisan hack that will use the deaths of Americans abroad as a means to perpetuate conspiracy theories he knows are untrue for political purposes. 2). You state Hillary needs to answer for for inept keeping of classified information and the contents of those emails as well, but there was a long and thorough investigation by a republican appointed FBI director, and a full day congressional hearing in the subject witch uncovered nothing prosecutable. 3). The new emails from all reports are neither to nor form HRC, not emigrating from any HRC device, and are comprised almost entirely of duplicates of previously investigated emails. This is leaked to the public less than two weeks from an election despite being a total non-issue. So I again ask how is Chaffetz not a hack? You can state that his investigations serve a purpose, but don't say he has balls or is doing this for any reason other than partisanship.
All I'm saying is that the only reason Chaffetz thought he could get away with re-endorsing Trump is that he had some idea that these new email developments were coming
Endorsements are political by nature. Of course he used his endorsement to gain political momentum. That's what endorsements are for and that's how politics has worked for decades. Stop acting like it's something new and that the stream of perfectly spaced out newspaper endorsements for Clinton hitting the front page every hour on the hour aren't the exact same thing.
Again, I'm not talking about the endorsement. But the re-endorsement is circumstantial evidence of Chaffetz' prior knowledge. You are misconstruing the point.
And what's wrong with Chaffetz being the one who pulled the trigger on this? If he didn't then this revelation may not have happened. Whistle blowers are going to save this country one way or another. We need to keep the leaks coming as far as I'm concerned. Our government is corrupt in nearly every aspect and we need to know about it to fix it.
How come nobody mentions Kim Dotcom's tweets from the 26th where he gave instructions directed at Gowdy/Hannity lulz/Trump on who to contact at the NSA and what program to use to retrieve the supposedly deleted 33Kish emails?
because that has nothing to do with this?
But was he told not to release it to the public. Was this supposed to stay secret?
[The WSJ has a far more in depth, and interesting article.](http://www.wsj.com/articles/laptop-may-include-thousands-of-emails-linked-to-hillary-clintons-private-server-1477854957)
Holy shit. Looks like the entire FBI needs to be purged and rebuilt.
literally just finished reading this moments ago. Wow. Just WOWWWWWWWWWW
Wont find that on this sub!
why wouldn't it? I think it would be a good post. Especially the in depth look, that both liberals and conservatives should read especially the part of McGabe telling the agents can't shop around. The FBI aren't prosecutors.
This sub wants to control the narrative that there is nothing to even look at in this whole event and that comey is just performing a hit for the FBI and GOP
Seriously if I had a dime for everytime I have read "Comey is obviously trying to sway the election MUH HATCH ACT" If he really wanted to sway the election he wouldn't have recommended against indictment to begin with.
exactly
Sure he would have. If he didn't have enough to indict then this course of action would be exactly what he would do to influence the election. No need to actually have evidence or make it through court, just toss it out with no time to actually be called out on anything.
Are we browsing the same subreddit?
except the sub is calling to release all the info they legally can. This is me as a liberal. I don't have a problem with comey doing that letter, the problem is the vagueness invites suspicion. This isn't a hit, BOTH sides are saying the same thing about Comey's actions in the past few days. If you don't like that narrative, it's your prerogative, but the amount of criticism of how comey dealt with it is a very bipartisan criticism.
I dont think he should be criticized as much as Huma should be for not handing over all the emails as she was required to by her immunity deal with the FBI. People are just blame shifting this onto comey when all he is doing is investigating possible crimes that could have been cleared up by just being completely transparent.
1.) that's an entire different conversation. And if you can cite sources on her original deal, please link. The only sources I can find are less than reputable. 2.) no one is shifting anything blame. Like I said originally, I have no problem with his commenting on a case that he already commented on. But it's the way he did it that mattered. If he didn't know what was new (which is apparent after the developments of the past 2 days), wait till you get a fucking warrant (they just got it tonight), and then comment after. Or if he felt like he had to say something, give all the information. His vagueness didn't help anybody.
Im sure tomorrow will be a big day. I can guarantee a lot of new information about this will come to light, and i really doubt the dems will be happy with it!
Incredibly written article.
There is still more to report on this. I think this coming out is kind of dangerous when FBI is supposed to be acting as impartial as they can. After this and comey statement, their credibility is now open to being questioned which I don't think either side should enjoy. This "stand down" order part is fascinating b/c one source says McGabe told them to do whatever they can and then another source saying they were told to stand down from him. Wonder if it was someone going around another person. And the last 2 paragraphs is just so much "I'm going to step above you," wondering if it's a powerplay by the lower agents. And wondering if comey has enough command of the troops to settle all this infighting/backstabbing. Where is loretta lynch in all this??? Outside of the email stuff, which is recused her self (good job bill clinton on that one), she should at least get her house in order. Lastly, did the FBI agents working on the Wienger-gate go above the scope of their original warrant? I assume them getting their 2nd warrant says no, but again anything and everything is being called into question post-Friday.
Can't get through the pay wall on mobile, what's the jist?
Try googling the title and clicking on the link there - worked for me.
same
Funny that Chaffetz re-endorsed Trump shortly before releasing the press statement.
>FBI agents knew of Clinton-related emails weeks before director was briefed This feeds into my thought that perhaps J. Edgar Hoover types who support Trump may have staged a coup against Comey - and basically strong-armed him into this.
Jesus christ this sub is insufferable. People cry corruption with no concrete evidence at Clintons hands and they get downvoted into oblivion for being crackpots. People cry corruption at the GOPs hands with no concrete evidence and they are totally on something.
Because the GOP is more corrupt. But keep on pushing that false equivalency meme.
There have been [stories](https://www.google.com/amp/www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/10/13/fbi-doj-roiled-by-comey-lynch-decision-to-let-clinton-slide-by-on-emails-says-insider.amp.html?client=safari) about people within DOJ and FBI being upset there were no charges against Clinton or her staff. This means Comey has actually had Hillary's back for the most part. Some thanks he's getting right now.
I can absolutely see all this as essentially an agency coup against Comey.
Unsubstantiated claim the veracity of which we have no knowledge. If there was some kind of revolt, you'd expect more than one source to come forward. A revolt looks like what has happened after the Comey letter, whereby FBI officials have been leaking details constantly about how Comey went against department policy in his actions.
DOJ officials have been leaking, not FBI.
Actually, both have.
Possible. I could also understand the resentment and anger stemming from seeing their director give someone a free pass for a crime that they themselves would *at least* be heavily fined for, if not imprisoned.
So you are telling me that FBI agents see themselves as being on equal footing to Cabinet members?
In the eyes of the law, yes. If we're going to openly admit that having enough political clout or being a Cabinet member will exclude you from the legal repercussions that the rest of society is subject to, then we're in for a really wild ride.
There is no crime for governmental mishandling of information. At worse, she would be fired from her job. If she was intentionally leaking that information, then that would be a crime under the Espionage Act.
Except that's not remotely true. It's a popular right wing talking point, but Comey has plainly said that the case was never even close to being substantial enough to merit an indictment. And in this respect, I choose to believe the director of the FBI over right wing talking heads.
lmao go watch his speech about what happened and try and tell me everything he described wasnt substantial enough to merit an indictment. It was a fucking joke, and anyone can see that. It is in no way a right wing talking point.
As if we all haven't seen his 'speech'.
So they you know that he spent 14 minutes explaining every single thing she did wrong and one minute saying BUTTTT... we arent gonna bring charges
Doing something wrong does not = doing something wrong enough to justify bringing charges. It is *really* not complicated. Talking about grabbing pussies is wrong for instance.
lol they said they werent charging bc lack of 'intent' lmao when has that ever been acceptable. What a fucking joke. Its sickening you can stand up for this shit.
> lmao when has that ever been acceptable. Hundreds of years?
Intent is literally written into the statute - this is not a strict liability offense
So do you believe if anyone else had done this that they would also have no consequences? If so i wish i could be that ignorant!
Please. This investigation was a fucking joke.
Actually Comey said HRC met every element necessary for a conviction, but that he only found one case when their wasn't also a willful intent (which was not necessary to convict) where someone had been convicted, so he was not recommending a prosecution. So what he said was she was guilty by the technical requirements.
What are you talking about? The law explicitly states that intent must be proven. There is no law that forbids clumsily mishandling information. Again, there must be intent. It's called the Espionage Act for a reason.
You're entirely wrong on this point. The law does not require intent and Clinton was potentially guilty of violating more than just the espionage act. Juries, however, traditionally have required intent for severe punishments and the length and shame of a trial would have likely cost Clinton the election. If she had been acquitted it would have been a massive shitshow, and even if found guilty it would likely have been a fine not jail time. Not worth the trouble.
Find me a single case and then you can say I'm wrong. Otherwise, sit the fuck down.
Read my comment again: juries have required intent, but the law itself does not. You can check the law text if you still disagree, but case outcomes won't clarify your misunderstanding.
You're arguing semantics. And you're arguing against case law... which is still law.
They disagree with his decision not to indict, and this is a good way to make him not their boss anymore.
> They disagree with his decision not to indict, and this is a good way to make him not their boss anymore Ding ding! There have been longstanding reports of grumbling and animus within the FBI due to the lack of indictment
All from deeply conservative sources, and none of which were backed up by the slightest leak. On the other hand the moment Comey broke the standard and did this the FBI basically started spamming leaks.
By doing something that he could potentially fire them for?
Unsubstantiated that there was any great number of FBI officials who disagreed with the decision not to indict. There were no accompanying actions to back up the perception of a collective outrage, whereas there have been actions (leaks) accompanying FBI officials outrage over Comey sending the letter and going against DoJ policy.
And cause a purge of the agency once Clinton wins and investigations into the FBI. If agents forced the director to violate the hatch act there is something profoundly wrong with the culture in the organization.
>"the director to violate the hatch act" I love all the super tenuous legal speculations *now* surrounding Comey, but Hillary's actual acknowledged crimes are treated with the "ho hum, lets just move on people" attitude. LOL
http://www.dailykos.com/story/2016/10/30/1588609/-Former-Bush-Ethics-Head-Files-Complaint-Against-Comey-Alleging-Potential-Violations-Of-Hatch-Act
This is just nothingburger. Besides if they really want to pursue that, I'm sure they'll find he didn't *intend* to violate the act and let him on his merry way.
The Hatch Act specifically does not require intent.
People have been bitching about Hillary's infraction for a year.
It's not super tenuous. Read Richard painter's oped in NYT today. He was top ethics lawyer under W. Bush -- not exactly a liberal hack -- and filed a complaint yesterday alleging Hatch act violations.
One was mishandling documents. The other is a investigative agency interfering in a fucking election. You know all that rigged election shit trump keeps going on about. This is what it looks like in reality.
lol I love this! More salt for my popcorn!
Fuck you if you can't look at this objectively. This is so obviously a partisan hack job from a partisan hack 11 days before an election. The whole thing is full of insanity.
Was he a "partisan hack" when he didn't prosecute Hillary on the first place?
Yeah, did you forget about his unprecedented and unnecessary preamble giving a wonderful review of Clinton?
> And cause a purge of the agency once Clinton wins and investigations into the FBI. This is Stalin level shit
Like firing federal prosecutors for not taking direction from politicians then deleting 22M emails before anyone can investigate?
It's not murdering them. It's firing them for violating department regs.
Well they probably figure that as the team which was investigating her, they are going to get fired if she wins anyway.
The problem with whole theory is the leaks started the moment he announced this. That indicates the exact opposite - that the FBI was happy with how things were, and Comey's letter pissed them off.
>The problem with whole theory is the leaks started the moment he announced this. >That indicates the exact opposite - that the FBI was happy with how things were, and Comey's letter pissed them off. I don't see how that indicates that the agents were happy with how things were, it just means that they chose to not leak a massive story before the director got a chance to inform congress.
Because unhappy FBI agents leak like a sieve.
You're reading tea leaves. For all we know, the leaks are coming from the DOJ side.
And you're not? You're the one claiming a massive revolt within the FBI forcing Comey's hand.
Maybe. But from the sound of things, there are factions within the rank and file which have different objectives, and that Comey has no control over.
If the anti-Clinton faction had anything they would have been leaking it. The anti-political faction has already easily proven that they leak like a fucking faucet when pissed off.
Make a statement or we'll release them through the back channels, perhaps?
My first guess it that they would essentially go on strike, crippling the entire agency - but who knows. These are people with an *incredible* amount of power.
"You let Clinton off for political purposes and have shamed us all here in the FBI. Either you act on this information or we'll act as if you are compromised and proceed to blow the whistle." Its been widely reported that FBI morale is in the dumps and that Comey has a stack of resignations from FBI agents sitting on his desk.
If that is the case, then the agents involved should be commended.
Do you have evidence that Comey has a stack of resignations from FBI agents sitting on his desk?
You do realize his/her wild speculation is in reply to wild speculation right? Like even the first comment in this chain is wild speculation. I don't think anybody in this chain is posting sources.
Only stuff I've seen is from sources like the DailyMail...
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3886942/Resignation-letters-piling-disaffected-FBI-agents-wife-urging-admit-wrong-Director-Comey-jumped-chance-reopen-Hillary-investigation.html >He told his wife that he was depressed by the stack of resignation letters piling up on his desk from disaffected agents. The letters reminded him every day that morale in the FBI had hit rock bottom. Morale issues within the FBI has been widely confirmed by insiders. Additionally, Comey sent out an internal memo explaining himself on Friday on the basis to try and rouse morale.
daily mail is a tabloid, not a news source.
Proof that the information is false?
But the Huffington Post is A-OK right?
I'd say it's a small small step above. I'm not even sure daily mail leans to one side or the other. just lies a lot.
Huffington Post is obscene blog-tier propaganda.
No one here is upset that she violated the law and this perhaps might lead to an indictment. It's more than politics, our likely next president is in violation of federal laws and may be caught in litigation and hearings for much of her term. This is troubling.
Hell, that's nothing... the NSA knew about them as she was writing them.
I keep hearing people saying that Comey is doing this now to affect the election. I really don't buy that. It doesn't make sense. Why would he jeopardize his reputation and his career just in the hopes that a few undecideds might switch their vote to Trump at this late stage of the game? I don't think Comey is stupid and I have to think that he must have some pretty damning evidence for him to make this move. I guess only time will tell.
There's a conspiracy theory going around that pro-Trump types in the FBI forced Comey to release the letter.
He said they hadnt examined the emails, so how could he know it was damning?
650,000 emails recovered seems at best concerning.
True. But before announcing an investigation, you should have some idea as to what is there - that's generally the protocol for an investigation
There is underage children Involved and I don't think anyone expected that. I don't think immunity that was handed out freely applies anymore.
Totally separate case - and what you suggest in the other case is alleged, not documented yet
Really... it's Carlos Danger. All these emails were found in a file marked life insurance. I guess he didn't want to suicide.
meta. data.
650,000 emails recovered does not mean these emails are not duplicates of ones already collected. If the FBI collected emails from the sender and the recipient was in this collection, they already have the email and will remove the duplicate. There are also likely to be a bunch of junk and completely non-relevant emails in there, which will also get removed. Depending on the degree of overlap between this collection and previous ones, you could have anywhere from a few thousand to maybe 100k new emails that are potentially relevant. It's far from 650K new emails to or from Clinton.
It's finally coming together for me. After the non-indictment, there were multiple reports over the successive months that many of the lower FBI agents vehemently disagreed with Comey's recommendation, and that they disagreed with his leadership. If that is true, it makes complete sense that they wouldn't inform him of this right away when they heard about it, but instead try to play it to their maximum benefit. Meanwhile, Rep. Chaffetz re-endorsed Trump on the same day that Comey was finally briefed, the 27th. Chaffetz probably knew about the email discovery before Comey, and that is what led to the re-endorsement. Meanwhile Comey hears about this new information and thus needs to amend his testimony. But because Chaffetz now knows everything, he can't wait until more details are known or the election has occurred, so he sends his vague letter the day after he is briefed. Chaffetz gets it first and Chaffetz leaks it. Meanwhile, the media and the Clinton campaign and its surrogates jump on Comey for the letter. It's win-win for the disgruntled agents—if Clinton loses, they will have free reign. If Clinton wins, they'll be rid of Comey. And depending on what the new emails actually say or if they are indeed related, combined with previous information, they may still get their indictment yet. There is a pretty low theoretical bar to presenting evidence to a grand jury. Regardless of indictment, the House Republicans will certainly keep this whole thing up and use it to impeach Clinton after they retake the Senate in 2018. What's scary is we have no idea who these people are or how much power they wield. TLDR: Comey got played, Chaffetz has other FBI sources, these other people in the FBI are playing games with the political system.
I'll post this again because it goes into great detail. [FBI infighting, and DOJ stonewalling.](http://www.wsj.com/articles/laptop-may-include-thousands-of-emails-linked-to-hillary-clintons-private-server-1477854957)
Lol, so cute how Redditors act like this is some sort of ARG where all it takes is the smallest morsels of information and you think you know the workings of the entire government inside and out.
You are right there is a revolt, but it is not due to the non-indictment. It is over the Eric Garner case. The NY FBI Office is annoyed they were taken off that case and have gone to war with Comey.
Nope, it's over the DOJ and top FBI officials' refusal to allow NY FBI office to aggressively pursue the Clinton Foundation.
Correct.
This thread is full of some of the most wild-eyed speculation I've ever seen. None of you have even the slightest clue wtf you're talking about here.
Actually, it's about ethics in gaming journalism.
> It is over the Eric Garner case. The NY FBI Office is annoyed they were taken off that case and have gone to war with Comey. We really need a large audit of the FBI and other such agencies.
"Bow to Hillary or you will be purged" is what I'm hearing
The director of the FBI is appointed for ten years and can not be fired by the President, so unfortunately what you're hearing is complete and utter horse shit. Reading comments on here sometimes you'd swear people think America's democracy is some sort of third-world dictatorship.
They'd like to turn it into one
Unfortunately anyone suggesting the director of the FBI cannot be fired by the President is speaking utter horse shit: http://heavy.com/news/2016/10/james-comey-fired-fbi-director-hillary-clinton-email-private-server-influence-election/
If Comey is gonna be fired, I can't imagine it happens before the election is over. Perception is everything and dumping him now only feeds fuel to the fire of "cover up" and "biased".
I agree.
That is hearsay from a twitter account.
Chaffetz doesnt know squat -- he's simply biased against Clinton
Someone's going to get fired. Like this kind of power play is really beneath FBI as a institution. Humans are humans and therefore petty as fuck. also comey can't be fire...... edit: instead of can't, meant it as she'd probably won't fire him since it would look pretty shitty on her.
You may be right about most of it, but can we all stop this ridiculous notion that these emails may result in Hillary haters "getting their indictment"? The reason Hillary was not indicted is because there was no proof of malicious intent--that she knowingly emailed classified information in a way that jeopardized its safety. The chance that HUMA's emails provide evidence of this (none of the emails are to or from Hillary) is zero.
.... They why are a fair portion of involved FBI agents revolting against Comey? Your options are that a fair majority of FBI agents are partisan and thus unfit for duty, or that Comey, who was appointed by Obama, was either bribed or pressured into subverting justice for political reasons. Also, care to comment on the fact that just days before Comey's July 5th press conference, where he laid out clinton's wrong doing, Bill had a meeting with Loretta Lynch? Also, the law does not require any form of intent, so that is a moot talking point.
Who says there are a "fair number of FBI agents" revolting against Comey? Sounds like an exaggeration
Well, we don't know what was in the deleted emails, so who knows. The first thing I'd delete is the incriminating ones.
Which is why the FBI upheaval angle makes some sense. It's unlikely the *content* of these emails impacts the election, but the time they are announced certainly screws Comey. If he doesn't come forward, the GOP calls for his head if it comes out he knew and did nothing, and may likely call for his execution on live TV if the emails actually had something of substance and it were to be revealed after the election. If he comes forward with the info now, Democrats call for his head, and if he find something of substance, see above. If there are FBI agents unhappy with his leadership, this is a pretty easy play to get him booted. In all likelihood, Clinton wins despite this bump, which means Comey is done. Once the info gets to Cheffetz, he has to force Comey's hand since that's the only play the GOP can make right now in this batshit insane election. Chaffetz could have been tipped off by the NY office investigating Weiner that there might be something they missed in the original review, which would have caused him to make the same play even without FBI collusion to force Comey out. This election sucks.
Unless ya know theres an email that says "I don't know what to do she is knowingly breaking the law"
Even if Huma states in an email to Anthony that Hilary is deleting 30,000 emails to avoid FOIA requests? That would be pretty damning and would assuredly show intent. The chance of that happening is zero? I'm not saying there is a high likelihood of that happening, but there is definitely a non-zero chance of it occuring.
This would be hearsay and inadmissible. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hearsay
I don't think her chief aid sending an email saying "I'm going to be late for dinner, Hilary is having us stay overtime to delete her emails containing confidential information to avoid a FOIA violation" is hearsay. That's a primary witness giving an account of events in a written format that she can then be cross examined on in a court of law.
It's hearsay because the statement isn't from a primary source and was made outside of the court. It is unverifiable. She's not a witness because the statement wasn't made under oath. Edit: They could of course subpoena her and request a statement under oath that -would- be valid evidence. Although she could just plead the 5th.
So someone could literally admit to killing someone in a letter but that letter couldn't be used as evidence against them because the accused didn't make that statement in court? Edit: So after rereading my comment I realize it's not a direct parallel to what we are arguing about her so the comment is incorrect. I'm leaving it for posterity sake but wanted to make an acknowledgement to the fact that it is incorrect.
No, that's a primary source. If I kill someone and write my mom saying I killed someone help me hide the body that's admissible. If I write a letter to my mom saying my SO killed someone that is hearsay (As far as i understand it).
Ok, but it could show fault for the person giving the statement right? Using your murder example, if you said "My friend killed someone and I stood by and watched". Then the person who said that could go to jail for aiding a crime.
No. Hearsay is "an out-of-court statement introduced to prove the truth of the matter asserted therein." Both examples are hearsay because they were statements made not under oath and used to try and prove a fact about the underlying crime (or other important detail to the case). The Federal Rules of Evidence excludes hearsay as a default. However, it can be admissible if it meets certain requirements.
I already edited my comment. I realized that it was a poor analogy.
No, let's make a separate example. Your wife is murdered, you have no solid alibi but there's no evidence that puts you at the scene or holding the weapon. An email by your brother to someone saying that you did it is hearsay. It's someone close to the source saying something not under oath. That email cannot be shown in court as evidence that you did it. They can, however, talk to the brother under oath and see what he says, and those words would be admissable as testimony.
I edited my comment slightly before you sent this to acknowledge that it was a poor example.
Oh yeah, that happened while I was typing. I think it's still important to think about all of it, though. To try and understand what is or isn't hearsay.
The parallel would be that if someone wrote a letter saying that someone admitted to killing someone, that letter would not be admissible. If Hillary were the author of the email in this scenario, it would absolutely be admissible and would be used against her. Additionally, there could be mails not involving HRC that could be problematic if they say pertained to issues with state department policy. But in general, a statement not under oath about another person's behavior is not evidence.
I don't think you realize that the 30k e-mails were deleted over the course of her years at State, and not in one giant batch delete. Much like you and I do when we get junk e-mails daily...
She literally said her lawyers, who did not have security clearances, went through and deleted them before they handed the server over. Stop lying.
Why don't you go re-read Comey's sworn testimony on the matter, sweetie.
Why don't you read the words that came out of Hillary's mouth?
Dont be so borishly condescending.
> but can we all stop this ridiculous notion that these emails may result in Hillary haters "getting their indictment"? A different director other than Comey may very well have recommended indictment. It's not some unfathomable thought. And yes, it would be political in nature. EDIT: I'm not saying an indictment would be totally justified or that this wouldn't be a transparent political move, but there was enough evidence to fake it through to a grand jury. The trial would probably end up an acquittal, but that's not my point. The point is that there are people who would have recommended indictment for whatever reason.
> A different director other than Comey may very well have recommended indictment Do you know what an indictment is? It's a decision by a grand jury that the state has shown enough evidence to levy formal criminal charges. The government doesn't choose to indict. The people do. The FBI nor the DOJ can recommend an indictment. That's like saying they can recommend a guilty verdict. If Comey believed that had sufficient evidence to bring to a grand jury to get an indictment, they would have said to the AG "We believe a prosecutor will get a grand jury in indict and convict". Then, the AG would make the final determination as to whether government lawyers would present the evidence to a jury. The government lawyers would present their evidence and the jury will either indict or not indict.
If you noticed, I didn't say "indict," I said "recommend indictment." You even quoted that.
You still don't get it. Who would the FBI recommend an indictment to? A grand jury that doesn't exist? All they can do is tell the AG that that they believe there's sufficient evidence to bring to a grand jury. NO GOVERNMENT AGENCY CAN INDICT. A jury does. A. J.U.R.Y. Now, they can say "We believe there's enough evidence, given previous cases, that a jury will hand down an indictment". But saying "We recommend an indictment" makes no legal sense because like I said, the state doesn't indict. The people do.
> All they can do is tell the AG that there's sufficient evidence to bring to a grand jury. Exactly. Recommend indictment.
No. God damnit. That's not legally possible. Again, that's like saying "We recommend a guilty verdict". That's not how any of this works. To you it may mean the same, but legally, it doesn't.
I think you don't understand the function of grand juries. Grand jurors do not receive a balanced or adversarial presentation of evidence, usually only the culpatory evidence provided by the prosecutor and collected by the law enforcement agency. The FBI collects evidence, on the basis of that evidence, they recommend indictment or not, and then a prosecutor decides whether or not to bring that evidence to the grand jury, usually following the FBI recommendation though with no requirement to do so. After that, the prosecutor attempts to secure an indictment by presenting all of the evidence he has to his theory of the case and excluding exculpatory evidence. You are arguing semantics just to be a contrarian.
Given this recent partisan move from Comey, though, I'm almost more inclined to trust his initial assessment.
Is there a way to know what this means or why this would be? Were they so cautious about it that they had to review them a lot before briefing him, or were they closeted Trump supporters who tried to strong-arm Comey, since they knew he'd have to inform Congress because of his testimony under oath?
Comey had no obligation to inform congress upon discovery of new e-mails. A generous interpretation is that he might have taken upon himself an obligation to inform them after a review of any new information regardless if it impacted the outcome of the case, but even that is unclear. DoJ policy should have overridden anything in this case, which means not to comment on investigations in progress.
He told the house oversight committee, under oath, that he would re open the investigation if new evidence came to light.
The legislative branch is not the judicial branch.
Sure, but he wasn't required to publicly inform them. THAT is what is against protocol.
He didn't. He sent the oversight committee a letter. They released it.
DOJ policy does not override congressional hearings.
Congressional hearings don't obligate Comey to disclose information about ongoing investigations during the final weeks of an investigation.
So you want Comey to be dragged in front of Congress for misconduct like the IRS commissioner? You are wrong and spreading a false narrative.
I mean, if they did, they violated they may have violated the fourth amendment and made any charges against Huma/Clinton, regardless of their conduct, impossible.
Awful headline. May as well have written "Executive at top of huge organisation seperated from the work on the street by many layers of management and huge swathes of paperwork takes more than a few minutes to learn of something that has happened recently."
So election tampering should now be on the table
Top ethics lawyer under GWB filed a complaint yesterday alleging Hatch act violations. The bipartisan outrage by informed technocrats has been telling.
TFW even Dubya's lawyer thinks there's been an ethical breach.
You know shit is crazy when Dubya and his administration are seen as a moral compass.
Because people here will make whatever disingenuous argument that they can while avoiding any and all actual context as long as it makes their candidate look good. I promise you, in the next election, when whoever is running against Hillary makes even the smallest gaffe or misstep in their campaign, you will have people here saying "Whoa, this guy makes Trump look reasonable"
Not really. For me, Dubya was a pretty fine measurement of stupidity and craziness. Romney was a step up from him. Trump is such an immense step down that Dubya looks brilliant in comparison. Pretty much every other GOP frontrunner was a better alternative to Trump, I think we can all admit that. Even if you disagree with their policies and ideas, even guys like Pence and Rubio were far more competent and far less corrupt than Trump is.
> smallest gaffe like "Trees are just the right height" Romney, not like "Mexicans are rapists and murderers, ban all Muslims and impose religious tests for immigrants" Trump.
>Trees are just the right height ?
you can literally Google that phrase. http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/1299937
Yeah, but it's really inconvenient on mobile.
the struggle is real
Everyone is talking about grand conspiracies including FBI agents playing Comey with this delay to cause maximum damage. Isn't it possible that Comey is just trying to cover his ass by appearing neutral? This could be as simple as Comey's own power play, trying to hold on to one of the most powerful law enforcement agencies in the world. It's possible that Monday he will come out saying there is nothing of consequence in the emails. Maybe this is an attempt to repair his credibility?
There are 650,000 emails to investigate. He's not going to re-close the investigation Monday.
So says one of about a dozen unsubstantiated reports from anonymous sources. I sincerely doubt all those are relevant.
Of course they did. Agents at several levels are going to review information before passing it up the ladder.
Isn't this is a guarantee that it was political then?
It's strongly suggestive of this.
Perhaps they felt like Comey had swept stuff under the rug in the past, and they wanted to build up a stronger case that the evidence needed to be examined before bringing it to him? [Edit: I thought you meant that the agents themselves delayed on telling Comey for political reasons]
If they did that, then none of the evidence would be admissible. Seeing as they only just got the warrant, they're only now going through the contents of the emails.
I'm no expert... would the agents have been allowed to examine the email's metadata without reading the contents?Maybe they were comparing the email metadata with emails that they already had access to, or other investigative steps to make the case that they should get the warrant to read the emails. But I don't know...
You're exactly right - that's likely what gave them probably cause for a warrant. So let's say they find like 50 that seem to be new to the investigation - they couldn't read the contents of them without the warrant, and without actually seeing the content, they have no idea if they're actually relevant to the case. They could be Huma telling HRC about a meeting change, or someone sending Huma something to print for HRC - things that don't matter in their investigation whatsoever. They could also be something worse - but we (and the FBI) have no idea either way until they review all of the emails. The issue isn't the FBI investigating - they should obviously look into anything that comes up. The issue is at the time he wrote the letter, he didn't know if it was evidence - and he made it public regardless, knowing that it would possibly influence the election.
I think I misunderstood the point of the top-level comment I replied to... The article seemed to be focusing on how the agents didn't tell Comey about the emails right away, so I thought Arc1ZD was saying that the agents delayed on purpose so that this would come out right before the election. (And I was thinking of a different reason why they might have delayed) But I guess they were saying that they thought Comey's decision to write the letter was political... I guess that's a different discussion
> But I guess they were saying that they thought Comey's decision to write the letter was political That's certainly what it seems like, considering he violated his own departmental protocol and possibly got himself in some legal hot water by openly stated in his memo he thought he should let the public know
So it sounds like the question hinges on "what would he have done if there was no election?" Like, he should behave exactly as he would have if he was notifying congress about an investigation into a non-politician? [Edit: Or, I suppose, if he would not have notified congress if it was a non-politician, he is also supposed to behave that way. It's hard to think of how to behave in hypothetical situations]
No shit - the people that find the information know The information before the person they brief on the information they found does
Over the past several weeks the FBI was probably reviewing the content of the e-mails. They probably have a good idea what they had before presenting it to Comey. After the jug-fuck July 5th recommendation not to prosecute Clinton even though they had mountains of evidence of crimes (as stated by Comey) it seems reasonable any agents involved in this one would present matters to Comey as a fete-accompli. I think they basically said "we have her and you're going to re-open the investigation or we go public" or some such. Also factor in that the NYPD should also have the information since the info was uncovered during the investigation into Weiner's sexting a 15 year old girl. If the NYPD has the info too then the FBI isn't in control of it. That changes things. It puts Comey in a really, really bad position. Back on July 5th Comey made the case for charging Hillary and then said that he wouldn't recommend it. It was a pretty obvious case of politics taking precedence over law enforcement. He got grilled repeatedly by congress for that and also had to deal with a day to day workplace where his own people (FBI agents) actively disagreed with and did not like him. His actions demoralized the FBI and cost it credibility with about 50% of the public. Now here comes more information that could blow up in his face. Comey does not have control of the FBI at this point. He knows the content of the e-mails will have a huge impact on the election. He knows he is toast if he blocks the release of that information and it EVER gets out to the public. He knows he should have done the right thing back in July. What is he to do? His choices were to basically do and say nothing or to re-open the investigation. He chose to re-open the investigation. It's really the least he could do and may be just enough to protect himself. We will see if the content of those e-mails comes out before the election. We will see if it is leaked or if it is released through official channels. Things are about to get really interesting.
Excellent post. I think you're right. Comey was likely forced to act. And fwiw, it seems that Weiner has given the FBI *permission* to look at the computer, so they don't even *need* a warrant at this point. IMO, Weiner will sing like a bird. He's accused of sexting with a teenager. As a rich, politically-connected child abuser, he knows he wouldn't do well in prison.
Right on the head.
Best analysis I have seen yet. It is still speculation at this point, but best take I have seen on it.
Tiny technical error: The case was never closed so it isn't being reopened but otherwise, yes.
FBI couldn't have been "reviewing content of the e-mails" being that they *just* received the warrant to do so today.
That warrant was likely a mere formality. They had a warrant for the device from the Weiner case. They found evidence relevant to the Clinton case and got another warrant. I doubt they simply stopped reading the emails while they waited for the second warrant.
Conjecture from "Hillary_For_Prison"? Color me surprised.
I really doubt it. If they had read any email before hand without a warrant, it could all potentially become fruit from the poisoned tree.
It's kind of impossible for them not to have. They were examining the devices in relation to another case and with a warrant and permission of the owner. The new warrant is more to apply the findings to tthe email case. It's not truly necessary though as a reasonable search of the device would turn up the evidence as it had. The second warrant is really just them dotting every i and crossing every t.
They were reading those emails for a separate case, for which they did have a warrant.
Sounds like Comey is losing control of his [keys of power](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rStL7niR7gs)
I too visit /r/videos.
Major key alert.
The GOP is truly disgusting with trying to make this a tie...
Sure but maybe he didn't mean to. Maybe he was just extremely careless.
Wait WP is fact checking opinion statements now? Have they just decided to chuck all appearance of impartiality out the window?
People need to be reasonable here. If they're trying to paint this anti-Clinton FBI, then why did the FBI not recommend charges a year ago?
Because they knew they couldn't. They didn't have anything concrete. That doesn't prevent them from doing a nice smear job 10 days before the election.
> then why did the FBI not recommend charges a year ago? Because there was no credible case.
Because there is no case. Comey still spent half an hour slamming Hillary for her handling. Can you show me a similar time the head of the FBI did that for an innocent person?
Everyone is innocent until proven guilty. The FBI is just collecting more evidence as it presents itself. If you're as confident in her innocence as you seem to be, why would it bother you that the FBI is just doing its due diligence?
I have no issue investigating it. I have issue with sending a vaguely worded letter 11 days before the election. With no basis as to what is in the emails.
The issue isn't about due diligence. The FBI's guidelines include specific wording about *not* doing what Comey did when he gave a long press conference about not recommending charges against Clinton. The FBI's duties end at recommending charges to the Justice department. Agents are not supposed to be offering evidence to the public that they don't feel was strong enough to recommend charges on, much less giving a 30 minute presser offering their opinions on the subject of the investigation. That's how you create witch hunts and encourage the public to feel like they need to take the law into their own hands.
Oh. Why were her interviews not recorded? Why was Cheryll Mills, another target of the investigation, allowed to sit in? Why were five staffers including mills given transactional immunity only to plead the fifth? That sure doesn't sound like a "slamming" to me.
The press conference where Comey announce no charges and then went on to criticize Hillary for not following procedures was extremely careless. Yet when he doesn't follow procedures it's what?
>then went on to criticize Hillary for not following procedures was extremely careless. Yeah, the director of the FBI should learn to keep his mouth shut! After all, his boss had a secret meeting on the tarmac with a former president!
The director of the FBI should not be criticizing a person NOT being charged with a crime for their handling of non crime activity.
The fuck?
Either there's enough to be charged with or not.
It's almost as if that's open to interpretation and the sole person who's decision it was had a secret meeting on the tarmac with the target's former president husband a week before she announced it. While there may not be enough evidence for criminality, there sure as fuck is enough evidence to strip her of security clearance and bar her from holding elected positions.
When did Comey have a secret meeting with Bill?
Democrats' narrative of conspiracy at the FBI is damaging to the rule of law in this country. Clinton's camp literally has zero evidence to support their claims, and are upset that the FBI announcing they're doing their job negatively affects their candidate, who has historically low trust with voters (as does Trump). The FBI can't give you a Cliff Notes version of what they're finding, because it's an active investigation. If anything, Hillary or Huma would know, since it's their emails.
Harry Reid literally just blamed Russia for it too! Russian hackers must be fucking amazing, to steal emails from Hillary's server, plant them on Weiner's computer, and then lure him with teenage pussy, ensuring he got caught and the computer seized by the NYPD.
It's not a conspiracy to say there is an civil war at the FBI between Headquarters and the New York Office right now(over the Eric Garner case)
But it's an unfounded conspiracy to claim Comey did this (his job) for political reasons. Clinton and Podesta spent all day yesterday lying in claiming the letter only went to Republicans, when Democrats were Cc'd on the next page.
I don't think he did it for political reasons. he did it because the NY office right now has more leaks than the Iraqi Navy(as Mark Wahlburg in the departed said) The reason Clinton and Podesta only said it was only sent to republicans is that the header of the letter only had republicans(they were cc but not in the header)
Looks like those at the FBI were angry at the sham investigation of the emails. They were hoping for an indictment
that's a reach
This looks like a revolt inside the FBI, Comey obviously got played by his own agents, given how this case was handled from the beginning I can't really blame these guys.
So were they afraid Chaffetz would leak it anyways? Who is running things up there?
https://i.redd.it/xl10n2g2wnux.jpg
I love how Loretta Lynch pleads the fifth and this happens around the same time.
> pleads the fifth i love how memes spread. "pleads the fifth", lol.
Hillary said in all of the debates that the email issue was investigated and she was cleared of everything. Now it turns out that was not true, she is still being investigated, so Hillary is very lucky that this news didn't break before the debates.
No, she is unlucky she didn't get to mitigate the damage from the emails with the blowout performances in the debates. I bet the Access Hollywood leaker is pissed right now.
They knew he would be compelled to bring it to *his* boss, and didn't want their investigation to be derailed by another "coincidental" Lynch/Clinton ex-parte tarmac chat.
It's funny really. Reddit 1 year ago would be going **mental** over a suspects husband/wife secretly meeting the head of the DOJ like that. They'd be screaming about corruption and pay-for-play. But now, it's like we totally accept that that is normal, appropriate behavior.
Sounds like Comey's surrogates weren't happy with him letting Hillary pay him off the first time around so they took things into their own hands.
based on zero proof
American heroes. History will look back on them kindly.
This is a ridiculous situation that he put himself in. But I have to wonder, do we really think that Comey supports Trump at all? I would think even if he disliked Hillary he would be intelligent enough to support her over the faint possibility of a Trump presidency.
I doubt he supports Trump, but he probably does support Congressional Republicans. He is a Republican himself after all. This news isn't likely to swing the election to Trump, but it could save some GOP Senators and/or Representatives.
Jimmy Comey is a seriously flawed little man that was scared by his subordinates into blundering into this action. He is a boneless shitty excuse for a leader and even a human. He will be a nonexistant sidenote in the history of this country. He may even be the useless author of the rise of the horrible and needless rise of the NSA in our nation. Resign Jimmy, you worthless piece of shit.
You are a fucking partisan hack.
So FBI agents intentionally withheld the information as a slam on Comey and as an attack on Clinton. That's a blatant violation of the Hatch act, they should be charged and brought to trial.
At the very least, their actions should be looked into
This is clearly a move to manipulate the vote and clear that the MSM is going to help with the election crisis need for the House to choose the next President and it will be McMullin, not Trump.
lol. what are you smoking?
> it will be McMullin, not Trump. lol
McMullin only has to be the 3rd highest vote getter there is no rule on how much distance from 2nd to third is. This attack is meant to lower the Democratic vote sufficiently to tie the Electoral College vote and give the election to the House it is/was the original plan for this election.
Even if it goes to the House, they won't vote McMullin in.
They aren't going to vote for Trump, he really is a incompetent, criminal and a national security risk.
> They aren't going to vote for Trump, he really is a incompetent, criminal and a national security risk. They know, and they still want him in office. GOP is a bad joke right now.
and they won't vote for a guy who didn't even break through 3% of the vote. Come on now.
Take a look at more recent polling. He only has to be the number 3 vote getter.
Yea, we all got that. Still not going to happen.
Yea...they would vote for someone with 2-3% of the vote (at most) over someone who has 40+% of the vote? Nah. There would literally be a revolt. Like thousands of people with guns in the streets.
There's no chance Clinton and Trump tie. Good try though
It doesn't have to be a voter tie only an electoral college tie. I think they can do it and will.
If no candidate his 270, there's a tie.
