As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil) * Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks) * Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail. * In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users. * Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not. Incivility results in escalating bans from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own. *** *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
>Finally, under subpoena, Trump appeared for a short deposition. When asked about the missing documents, he made a shocking admission: The Trumps had been destroying their corporate records for the previous six months and had no document-retention program. They had conducted no inspections to determine which files might have been sought in the discovery requests or might otherwise be related to the case. Instead, in order to “save space,” Trump testified, officials with his company had been tossing documents into the shredder and garbage. Well that is cagey as fuck.
>Over the course of decades, Donald Trump’s companies have systematically destroyed or hidden thousands of emails, digital records and paper documents demanded in official proceedings, often in defiance of court orders. These tactics—exposed by a Newsweek review of thousands of pages of court filings, judicial orders and affidavits from an array of court cases—have enraged judges, prosecutors, opposing lawyers and the many ordinary citizens entangled in litigation with Trump. In each instance, Trump and entities he controlled also erected numerous hurdles that made lawsuits drag on for years, forcing courtroom opponents to spend huge sums of money in legal fees as they struggled—sometimes in vain—to obtain records. >This behavior is of particular import given Trump’s frequent condemnations of Hillary Clinton, his Democratic opponent, for having deleted more than 30,000 emails from a server she used during her time as secretary of state. While Clinton and her lawyers have said all of those emails were personal, Trump has suggested repeatedly on the campaign trail that they were government documents Clinton was trying to hide and that destroying them constituted a crime. One of the major complaints about the system is the rich can afford to get away with crimes. They can drag court cases and use their wealth against those who are trying to seek justice fairly. Trump doesn't have a political past, but he has his business actions we can use to judge if his promises are truthful. We can see the anti-establishment candidate has been doing same dirty tricks through most of his business career which he promises to fix. Yet he's gained so much from it existing this way. If Hilary voters can't ignore her emails, I don't know how Trump supporter can ignore this.
> If Hilary voters can't ignore her emails, I don't know how Trump supporter can ignore this. You just don't get it. Clinton is the corrupt elite and has surrounded herself with people that want to destroy this country; Warren, Biden, Sanders, the Obamas. Trump is a ~~rich reality tv star~~ populist who understands what this country needs to be great once again. He's surrounded himself with people like Newt, Giulani, and Pence whom have no agenda other than fighting for the average American.
People are supporting Trump in spite of the fact ( or maybe because of it) Trump has advocated for killing innocent women and children. He wants to commit war crimes. I doubt him being a hypocrite is going to change anyone's mind
Because they either don't care or are convinced it's a lie. They've ignored or forgiven everything else he's done and said.
So the biggest thing he has on her (EMAILZZZ!!!) he has been doing his whole life. If you're undecided and this doesn't sway you then I'll have some people pray for you.
Just like everything else: if you hear Donald Trump alleging it, you can be damn sure he's doing it.
So he's trying to rig the election.
I'd say voter suppression falls under that category.
Amen.
He's been alleging hella rape on the other side.
They have the woman who brought and recruited the girl to the party and another collaborating witness who was there to testify against Trump, hearing is set they've already been depositioned. That's actually looking really serious, so yeah very true. Edit: [For the curious, towards the bottom](http://fusion.net/story/328522/donald-trump-accused-rape-sexual-assault/) [Here's saying it was refiled with the third witness](http://lawnewz.com/high-profile/trump-team-fires-back-after-jane-doe-refiles-rape-lawsuit-with-new-witness/)
Were those documents classified? No? Then the trumpeters have something to still hold on to....
Trump is the master of projecting. If he accuses Clinton of secretly humping fruit, I wouldn't want to be a cantaloupe in his fridge
I wouldn't want to be anything in his fridge.
Trump fucks food. It's been confirmed, guys.
I wonder what else he does with Tic Tacs...
"Beginning around 2003, the company wiped clear the data from everyone’s computers every year. " What, like with a cloth?
And chemicals. The best chemicals.
Acid washed, like my favorite denim jacket.
For some reason I'm not at all surprised.
You can tell how much this annoys Trump supporters. They realize that he has done almost everything he accuses Clinton of doing. He's a lying sack of shit. And a corrupt one at that.
Is he be being investigated by the FBI? Twice? Yeah that's a negative, ghost rider.
what I'd expect from this worm...
This is the bombshell? I mean, yeah, there is the hypocrisy aspect but we already know that Trump has engaged in corruption and now destroying evidence? I don't know. This is... it isn't a bombshell.
It isn't going to get Trump supporters to switch sides.
No. This isn't even the right author or publication for it.
The word "emails" is why it's big. Think with your emotions, not logic
You'd have to be a Trump supporter...
Me?
No, to think about "emails" with such gut-feeling emotions you have to be a Trump supporter. It was never really about wether her email were on a private server or a public server.
Ah gotcha lol, we are in agreement.
The bombshell? Singular? What do you mean? We're talking about Donald Trump here. You think there's only one bombshell with the tax dodging, bigoted, pussy grabbing, NATO weakening, lying, science denying, flip flopping, litigious, bullying, dumb ass, least transparent, most dishonest, Putin puppet, woman hating, joke?
Bombshell implies a major blow to his campaign. His voters don't seem to care about any of that.
The Teflon Don bull might have been true I'm the primaries but it hasn't been true in the general. Rather, there have been things that have hurt him quite a bit (eg attacks on Gold Star family and Access Hollywood tape) And yes, nothing will hurt him with his voters, but his voters alone are not enough to get him elected.
They might be - his entire strategy has been to fire up his base enough to make sure they go and vote (perhaps multiple time, as he has recently asked them to do), and spread enough distrust of Clinton that those who would otherwise have voted for her either vote 3rd party as a protest/conscience vote, or don't vote at all.
Yea, but the math isn't there on that strategy. It's just not. Currently his ceiling is below his win-number. You're quite right though, there are two solutions to that problems: (a) increase your ceiling; or (b) decrease your win number. He's obviously failed at (a). Thus far, based on polling, he's also insufficiently succeeded at (b). That is what is interesting about the current tightening of the polls. His number is going up as, per expectations, Republicans are coming home. But unless her number comes down (which it very well may, especially with the Comey letter and new round of scrutiny), she's still ahead.
There is another problem - the closer it is, the easier it is to claim fraud. He's already doing his best to convince his supporters that the election is rigged. If it's close enough, it might push them over the edge. It's certainly going to show that a campaign fueled by fear and violence can be a winning combination.
My concern is that the closer it is the harder it becomes to get the Senate. I'm not too concerned about widespread fraud allegations. There will be places where she's accused of fraud even if she wins by 50. There will be no victory, however close, where she's accused of fraud by any serious source*. *Donald Trump is not a serious source.
Can we be opposed to corruption on both sides and vote for change? Or do we have to just be opposed to the Republican corruption if we are a Democrat and the Democrat corruption if we are a Republican?
Of course. We can even use our brains and look at the evidence and decide what is and isn't actual corruption, and what is just a bunch of innuendo.
But muh narrative!
Hillary would never destroy documents pertaining to a court order..... Right?
You're right, and Trump is just as guilty of it. So, what now?
This article has the names mixed up they're talking about Hillary Clinton that bleached thousands of email after being soepena by congress and destroyed phones and laptop even with hammers. It's a disregard of the law and people are still thinking about voting for a felon that only cares about her.
It was the law to destroy electronic devices. How would you suggest they do that, if not with hammers? Also she's not a felon, so there's that. And she's been a public servant for theory thirty years. So literally nothing you've written it true.
Please, point me to something in this article that's supported **entirely** by public record and open court docs that contradicts the claim he destroyed thousands of digital and paper records to avoid consequences. I mean that's what you're crying about isn't it? Show me how this isn't the willful destruction of records to avoid legal ramifications. Please lol it's Halloween I could use a laugh.
