As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil) * Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks) * Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail. * In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users. * Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not. Incivility results in escalating bans from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own. *** *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
He proved he does not respect Democracy when he said we should cancel the election and declare him the winner.
And the wikis and DNC leaks show that both the DNC and the media they control, fixed the Dem primary for Hillary which shows Hillary has even less respect for "We the People" of our "Democratic" Republic. Hillary, infact, is above the laws of our land! Polls show, Bernie would be winning by a landslide at this point. A forced choice between two Evils was jammed down our nation's gullet. (And just before Thanksgiving! At least Trump doesn't want war with nuclear Russia, the TPP or to cut Social Security. Bill Clinton tried to hand SS over to the banksters but Monica intervened. Then Obama tried it but another crisis delayed it. Only a Dem can force "entitlement cuts" through Congress.) http://www.counterpunch.org/2013/03/20/obamas-and-the-grand-bargain/ Vote Bernie or Stein! Refuse to be herded toward the cliff.
Yeah let's see the direct quote for that one.
http://www.cnn.com/2016/10/27/politics/donald-trump-cancel-election/index.html Video of him saying it. Now on with the goalpost moving!
Ah I see, so you're taking the joke seriously. Your loss, I guess.
Yup, goalpost moved, as predicted. Seriously, /u/kwangqengelele, you should no better than this. Never give a Trump supporter any evidence he asks for until you've gotten him to admit that that evidence existing would prove him wrong.
You can't just brush off the fact that what Trump said was a joke. It doesn't make you right, it makes you ignorant. You don't see me fishing through Hillary's speeches and attacking her joke statements, do you?
Well, maybe not you specifically, but yes, I see Trump supporters doing that on a regular basis. It's practically your hobby at this point.
Lol, bullshit. This sub is a toxic cesspool. Just non stop character assaults on Trump, demonizing his voters, willfully spreading lies. Trump supporters don't contribute to this environment - this is all you guys.
If he had *any* honorable character qualities, they may not be mocked.
No it's the trumpets
So, why not take the integrity to acknowledge that there are some things each candidate has said that are not meant to be taken seriously? I am an individual Trump supporter, I do not behave as part of a group mentality.
Oh, come on. That was clearly a joke, that's such an absurd statement to cite to prove this. However, I don't disagree that he doesn't respect democracy. You have him claiming that there is extensive rigging in the state of Texas which is controlled across the board by Republicans. Vowing to only accept the results if he wins and just completely being ignorant of the whole point of democracy - majority wins.
I think you're right, but to be fair it's sometimes pretty hard to tell which things he says are shitty jokes and which he means.
It reminds me of the time my soccer team voted for the captain of our team, and my friend won, and the kid who came in like 3rd or 4th started crying that "Joey only won because he's popular" --- and so the coach made the crying kid co-captain. From then on, my team secretly referred to him as Captain Crybaby.
He proved it long before that.
But erghmails!
He won the GOP primaries with the record number of votes, so he's doing his best. GOP old establishment hate him btw. Hillary was pretty much pre-selected by the DEM establishment.
Funny... As he is running as a Republic(an) and he has made a mockery of literally all politics and process on purpose.
Wish I could get paid for stating the obvious.
Wikileaks shows us the Clinton campaign has no respect for democracy.
Well yeah, HuffPo is targeted towards college liberals, no shit this is gonna be the results. HuffPo has also turned into the buzzfeed of news the pst few years too. Whatever your opinion is, the Huffington Post is garbage
Huffington Post didn't conduct the polls.
Pew Research conducted the poll, not HuffPost. You should try actually reading the article. http://www.people-press.org/2016/10/27/as-election-nears-voters-divided-over-democracy-and-respect/
Welcome to #TrumpNation never read only speak
Yeah, well, neither does Clinton, or she wouldn't have colluded with the DNC to keep the voters from choosing whoever they wanted, as is their right, and made sure it was her. Downvoted or not, the truth is still the truth. Sorry it's uncomfortable for some of you.
How did they keep the voters from choosing whoever they wanted?
The first and most important way was the super delegates. Clinton had all these from the start. The super delegates are not chosen by the voters but instead are the party insiders putting there thumbs on the scale. She had an automatic several hundred delegate lead over Bernie, an almost insurmountable advantage when your party generally splits the state delegates proportionally. And then there are the [rigged voting machines.](http://www.inquisitr.com/3207171/election-fraud-study-points-to-rigged-democratic-primary-against-bernie-sanders-video/)
Well she didn't have the Superdelegates "from the start", meaning just because they supported her in the beginning doesn't mean they vote for her at the convention. They usually flip to whoever the popular vote selects (happened with Obama in 08). They don't really make an impact on elections unless it's an emergency (like to avoid a possible Trump). Regardless, Superdelegates aren't something she created. They were already in existence. Ad I couldn't find a reputable source with any actual evidence of voter fraud. Just some speculation.
And what about Clinton's collusion with the DNC, which is supposed to be impartial? The DNC was working for her, as the e-mails show, to put Bernie at a disadvantage from the start. The head of the DNC, Wasserman-Schulz, had to step down because of this - and was hired by Clinton's campaign the next day. It's a farcical caricature of a democratic process.
Anyone who's actually read the emails and understands their context knows that your statement is completely incorrect. The emails showed that the DNC was annoyed with Bernie when he was refusing to drop out even though it became mathematically impossible for him to win through pledged delegates in early May, but they still ran the process impartially overall. I would encourage everyone to actually Google the most controversial emails from the DNC leaks and read through as many as possible - you'll start to understand just how overblown they are. > The DNC was working for her, as the e-mails show, to put Bernie at a disadvantage from the start. Show me a single email or set of emails that shows this. I've read as many controversial emails I could find, and I never saw this in there at all. Although I've heard a lot of people repeat the above quote exactly, none of them have ever been able to argue or show this was the case.
If we're going by majority opinion, most voters think Clinton should be indicted.
meanwhile clinton caught on tape proposing the rigging of the election in palestine
Just a little example of one of his followers -----> https://imgur.com/BuUjtEG
After the primaries can anyone here say the democrat party respects democracy? I mean with all the vote rigging and the super-delegates and whatnot.
Hillary proved she is against democracy the moment she wanted to start banning guns. Name me a dictator that armed the people once in power.
...How did the Greeks have democracy without guns?
Since when do arms only include guns?
They all owned swords.
I don't think she ever said she wanted to ban guns? I looked it up but couldn't find anything.
https://www.nraila.org/articles/20161028/clinton-pushes-semi-auto-ban-as-public-rejects-gun-bans-in-record-numbers She wants to ban semi auto rifles. Something that is used in only 200 murders a year. Second hand smoke kills 40k a year. Car accidents another 40k. Swimming pools kill more toddlers than rifles do. She has her priorities completely fucked up.
So you meant she wants to ban certain guns, not ban all guns.
That's still banning guns for no reason. Our right to bear arms shall not be infringed. Those certain guns hardly kill anyone. Handguns kill more people than they do. She should be banning smoking before she touches firearms if she really wants to save lives. This would be the equivalent of banning any car that can drive over 75mph. Except firearms are actually a right where driving is a privilege. Fortunately the us population is increasingly pro gun, but that still means she is a dictator. No one who actually believes in freedom would touch guns.
The reality is neither of them do. Hillary is on record wishing she had rigged the palestinian elections, Trump is going to start a civil war when he doesn't win. Oligarchs don't give a shit about you, they just want power over you.
Really it's starting to feel like nobody on either side likes Democracy. Pragmatic politicians willing to compromise are being increasingly labeled as "sellouts" or neocons or whatever other new buzzword pops up, movements that basically amount to throwing a tantrum when your preferred candidate doesn't win are gaining surprising steam, and we've had an incredibly obstructive Congress the past few years that seems to only benefit from not doing shit in the name of being uncompromising. Democracy needs compromise in order to function properly, like it or not we share this country with hundreds of million of people who probably disagree with us on a lot more than they'd agree on, people seem to be forgetting that.
