As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil) * Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks) * Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail. * In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users. * Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not. Incivility results in escalating bans from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own. *** *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Chris Christie turning into fat Reek has been one of the more hilariously pathetic things of this cycle.
My favorite thing is the story that supposedly Trump had him go and fetch him McDonald's for him. Just as it seems like an elaborate fat joke on Trump's part.
Doesn't Trump reportedly eat a ton of fast food?
Yeah, but I can also see him get off on it in a petty way.
Lol, remember when Republicans were begging him to run in 2012?
Remember when Republicans started to hate him when he met with Obama in the aftermath of Superstorm Sandy? Since then his career has seemed to be in a landslide.
Career in a ... landslide? Is that a phrase you've actually heard other people use before? Is that supposed to be good or bad? I think you've mixed your metaphors there, and consequently made yourself look stupid.
He meant to say his career is experiencing heavy winds
How can you not know what a landslide is? Are you one of them A-rabs?!
I remember - and don't ask me why - thinking he was a rational, moderate Republican willing to work with people across the aisle.
It was the Obama hug and the implied "screw politics, let's focus on fixing this disaster". Made him seem palatable to many.
This was one reason why he won a second term in NJ. He was willing to put state before party...guess he really duped us.
Chris, Chris, it rhymes with piss!
I'm not him, I'm not the turncloak, he died in the Primaries. My name is Chris, It rhymes with piss!
From the article: >Then Trump's campaign chairman at the time, Paul Manafort, arranged for the GOP nominee to meet with Pence in Indianapolis on July 13. He then told Trump his plane was having mechanical problems so the GOP nominee had to stay in town another night. Trump was tricked by his own campaign chairman. No wonder Putin wants this guy as his buddy in the Oval Office.
To be fair Paul Manafort is a god damn political genius. The guy has once in a generation talent. It's too bad that money seems to be his primary motivation, guy could get some great candidate elected.
Come on guys, they were just giving trump time to see pence's greatness. It's not like he doesn't just go with whatever is in front of him right now, regardless of the importance. /s Putin would eat this guy for lunch, but then he'd go back to the states and someone would convince him otherwise, then he would meet Putin again and flip back and on and on flipping and flopping.
The smartest decision the Trump campaign has ever made and they had to trick Trump into doing it. Why does anybody want this man to be President?
Some people just believe everything he says about how he's the best at everything and he's really smart. I mean, lesson number is that politicians are liars -- hillary too obviously, so I won't vote for either, but still it's pretty clear to me which one is the worst choice.
Because he's the best decision maker that makes the best decisions using the best words and best thoughts.
My guess is the words "psyche" or "yoink" were used during this exchange.
Trump: I got bad news, fattie. Christie: What? Trump: Yer out as Vp. Get lost loser! Christie: But you promised! Trump: And you were dumb enough to trust me, that makes you a loser. I can't hire losers Mr. Piggy! Christie: Then who? Trump: Pence. He's a winner. I love his views on women and gays. Besides, when I made him kill a hobo to prove his loyalty, he didn't hesitate. Didn't break down crying like your bitch-ass. Christie: Donnie, bb pls no Trump: Yuh fi-yud! Get out. But leave your lunch money on the table on your way out. Losers don't get to eat.
He then held a Sausage EggMcMuffin above his head and laughed as Christie kept whining and jumping for it.
> He was at the time deciding between Christie, former Speaker Newt Gingrich and Indiana Gov. Mike Pence. How do you rank that trio?! > Christie “said all the BS that Trump likes to hear, and Trump said, ‘Yeah, sure I’m giving it to you,'" the second source told the newspaper. He took the decision very seriously, obviously. > Trump then decided to give Pence the position and told the New Jersey governor it would "tear my family apart if I gave you VP," a source told the newspaper. "The President declared war on Tunisia today. Asked why he would do that, President Trump shruged and said "if I didn't, I'd get an earful from my kids, you know how it is.""
Putin said all the BS that Trump likes to hear, and Trump said, Yeah, sure, I'm giving Ukraine to you.
Christie, Gingrich, Pence - fuck, marry kill? Edit - Marry Pence because he's loyal, Kill Gingrich, fuck Christie because I like a little cushion for the pushin'.
Can't I pick kill for all of them :\
I'd kill myself first. Then i guess it'd be okay for Christie to fuck my cold lifeless body. Then Newt and Pence could marry each other in a surprising reversal on their views about gay marriage.
Pence is so loyal that he won't even publicly agree with his running mate on anything
I'd marry, fuck, then kill myself.
And like a little (hah!) bitch, Christie still hangs around.
If he wants to stay in politics, other than Trump, he's kind of out of options
Trump tells Christie, "I can't give you VP cuz mah family, wah!" Can't even own his decision, has to throw his family under the bus. SAD!
I was doubting the Pence decision, but it was a good one, I have to admit. Christie and Gingrich would have been a mess. Christie is sinking deep into his bridge scandal, and Gingrich would have been just a Trump 2 (see: fascinated with sex). Pence brought some honesty into the campaign, he won his debate (by lying, but still impressive, considering no one could have defended Trump's actual words), he managed to get some anti-Trump Republicans on the board, he did his job well.
The only thing Pence brought to the Trump ticket was a healthy dose of anti-LGBT, since Trump amazingly hadn't said anything to offend this group (to my knowledge).
I agree he has performed well but >Brought honesty to campaign >Wins debate by ***lying*** Pick one.
Public perception = winning the debate. It doesn't matter if he said his Mars beach home was running out of Unobtanium coated silverware, if enough people are convinced he won, that's all it takes to win. There's no official score or anything. Just how people interpret the debate.
I don't think you understood my comment
You can recognize the irony of choosing Pence for being honest and then watch him lie at the debate, while also recognizing that most voters don't care if he lies or not as long as he comes out looking well spoken and poised.
I guess I would have preferred it being referred to as the appearance of honesty, especially as the next sentence of the comment talked openly about his lies.
That's politics for ya. Big fucking game of PR.
maybe "honesty" wasnt the best word to describe him Pence is more like a "Bush 2.0" guy, the classic old white guy who talks about America, guns, troops, etc. Just a simple politician, no punchable face, no flip flopping, nothing unnecessary.
Pence has the second most punchable face in American politics, right behind Chaffetz.
Have you never seen Cruz?
I went to the same clinic that Jim Carrey went to in ESotSM and completely purged all memories of Ted Cruz from my brain.
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/fe/d2/f5/fed2f5ca8fbe85d060c627b0b5f62be3.jpg I am so, so sorry.... But it even has that disgusting lip booger.
donald dangled donut above cristie's crib ...developing
Sad!
Thank god he did because Chris Christie would have been a horrible VP pick.
Mike Pence is only a slightly less horrible VP pick.
I bet he is glad he did. With bridge gate christie would have been a anchor for trump almost as much as clintons emails are for her
Christie and Trump's Grima Wormtongue/Saruman dynamic this election has been nothing short of hilarious.
Looks like Christie shoulda sprung for In-n-Out instead of McDonald's.
The campaign staffers aren't even waiting til the end of the election for the juicy stories. I can't wait for the tell all behind the scenes books.
Trump is notorious for requiring ridiculous NDAs and being uber litigious. I still think the stories will get out and there will be books, but not of the tell-all variety. Rather, it will likely be a well-researched book by some journalists with a plethora of perhaps anonymous sources.
That was a heavy decision to make. Substantial. Gargantuan. Super-sized.
He did the right thing.
Lucky bastard.
Makes sense - Christie seemed "up and coming" but Bridgegate would have made him a liability.
Trump accidentally made a less-than-disastrous decision. Let's elect that guy.
Maybe bc he has connections to law officials and knew what was in store...
Ahhhh that's Hillaryous Hillary offered Kaine the spot a year ago. IYAM it's a good thing that Rubio wasn't the candidate because she'd have picked Castro if he was - and that dude is not ready
I was almost positive Castro would be the nominee for veep.
Most thought Rubio or Jeb would be the nominee If it was Jeb they'd probably still have gone with Kaine but if it was Rubio maybe Castro Castro couldn't really help bring a state - I will say with trump as the nominee, if they had chosen Castro they may have got Texas though - dude is that bad.
> Hillary offered Kaine the spot a year ago Just curious. What do you make of [the 7/15/15 e-mail](https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/2986) compared to [the 3/17/16 VP vetting list e-mail](https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/15616)?
I think what Podesta said and what Hillary said are different things. Seems clear, HRC may have made a promise, doesn't mean Podesta agrees with it.
