As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil) * Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks) * Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail. * In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users. * Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not. Incivility results in escalating bans from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own. *** *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Paul Manafort was Trump's campaign manager before Bannon and Conway replaced him after he was forced to resign over the summer. Why was he forced to resign? Well, turns out he had an office in Moscow and a $12 million paper trail from the Russian government. I still dont know why this wasnt a bigger story than it was when it broke over the summer.
Seems like Putin was just hedging his bets in both Manafort and Podesta.
> Well, turns out he had an office in Moscow and a $12 million paper trail from the Russian government. Evidence for that claim?
Reality? Go there sometime.
It was widely reported, pick your favorite news source and Google it
"Widely reported" = MSM regurgitating each others bullshit with 0 evidence to back it up. Prove me wrong.
Look, here's the primary source, the actual memo from Ukraine's National Anti-Corruption Bureau, including photographs of the ledgers with the payments to Manafort. https://nabu.gov.ua/en/novyny/statement-regarding-pmanaforts-appearance-party-regions-black-ledger
And before Manafort it was Lewandowski. Manafort is a political consultant who will work for anyone, if you can pay his rate. So where exactly are the ties from Russia to Trump?
This is the same guy that said on the Senate floor, that Romney didn't pay taxes. Which was a complete lie. Fuck Harry Reid.
It wasn't a big story because it happened in the late 2000s. It wasn't recent. It was also an anonymous note in Ukraine with no proof attached to it.
Indeed, this news story vanished seemingly overnight and the FBI has been mum ever since.
What you are describing is actual corruption with the potential of leading to treason.
How is working with Putin's reelection campaign treason? By that logic Bush, Bill Clinton, Reagan, Hillary Clinton, and dozens of others are guilty of treason for interfering with international politics.
These are *dangerous* precedents to be playing with. Sometimes it is smarter to let the bad actor get away with it.
But, were there EMAILS????? EMAILS!!! EMAILS! If no, is no corrupshun.
If it helps I would also accept voice recording, video footage, photographs, hand-written letters, faxes, microfilm, ledgers, fingerprints, credit card statements, reassembled shredder scraps, corroborated witness testimony, any concrete physical or digital evidence of any kind, really...
That the voice recording of her talking about interfering with Palestinian elections?
Interfering? Thats an insane stretch
ONLY EMALES otherwies shillbot
Of course their aren't emails. He doesn't use computers beyond his phone. He has websites printed out for him, his aides do all the typing, he has barely ever touched a computer in his life (for most of which time, typing was something aides and secretaries did, not important CEOs!) He only started actually sending his own tweets in the last couple years, prior to which it was always aides on his behalf and if he was responding it was after they'd printed out the tweets for him to read and respond to. He's the most tech illiterate candidate on the ticket in the modern age. George Bush - SENIOR - has at least been seen typing at a keyboard and using a mouse. Find a picture of the Donald doing that.
But can he clean his phone with a cloth or something?
No corrupshun. No corrupshun. You're the corrupshun.
Remember that in the US the legal definition of treason shall consist only in levying War against them, or in adhering to their Enemies, giving them Aid and Comfort. We're not at war with Russia. Treason won't stick.
I think espionage is a good enough descriptor here.
Consider Syria though... if there was/is an unethical and probably illegal back channel between Trump and Russia. Pull out of (or sabotage) the Syria [peace talks](http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/09/30/world/middleeast/john-kerry-syria-audio.html) ([1](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Cn-VWEjWAAAnJlc.jpg), [2](http://foreignpolicy.com/2016/10/05/john-kerry-consults-with-russians-on-syria-less-than-48-hours-after-suspending-ties/?utm_content=buffer4b476&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer), [3](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/f9b036a477ff480eb50fe4fbe374b6d8/kerry-raises-possibility-us-approving-strikes-assad), [4](http://www.cnn.com/2016/07/31/middleeast/syria-aleppo-humanitarian-corridors/index.html)) at the last minute and Russia will get a better deal from the Republican victors. Maybe a little bit of [Reagan treason](https://np.reddit.com/r/ChristopherHitchens/comments/54m7h2/on_the_eve_of_the_1st_2016_presidential_debate/) mixed with a [little Nixon](http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-21768668). That'd be the worse case scenario.
Why would Trump be more loyal to Russia than the US? He literally walks out onto stage and hugs the American flag at every rally. So much so that it shows up on late night television.
Really? He actually goes and hugs the flag every time he walks out on stage at a rally? That's... kind of creepy. That sounds like something a young child who thinks he's being cute would do. A 70-year old man running for president, though? Can you imagine an actual statesman doing something childish like that at every event?
Yes, really https://www.google.com/search?q=trump+hugs+flag&biw=1920&bih=898&tbm=vid&source=lnms&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiK1f6K1ITQAhVBjlQKHWznA0gQ_AUICSgC&dpr=2
Flag hugging The sign of a true patriot I was going to vote for Hillary because of the whole sanity thing and not tanking the economy and marching down the road to a fascist dystopian future But fuck it now that I see Trump hugging the American flag he has my vote How could you not trust a man who clearly loves this country THAT much, loves it in an almost sexual way, loves it like he loves his children You grab that flag Donny Grab it by the Flagpole
I'm using [precedents set by previous administrations](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/October_surprise_conspiracy_theory) to guess what he could be up to (as a worst case scenario). Why? Ask yourself why did Reagan do it? Why did Nixon? Trump lacks one thing though, internal power to offer big like Reagan did or like Nixon did. Does he have CIA assets that he could bargain with? No. So I would guess that he can only offer cash, business or flat bargaining chips (think NATO). but I think Reid may be bluffing. I think Reid is just bringing up something we already know a little about (Manafort and other [advisors](http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/trump-advisor-meetings-russian-officials-investigated-article-1.2803727)). I would be interested in knowing more about those cases though.
Sedition?
That's a dangerous game to play. Best to leave those sedition laws dead and buried. You never know what kind of Pandoras Box you're getting into when you hit the heavy shit.
That's why I added the word "potential" yet you make a great point. Thanks for the clarification.
Just a little light treason.
...first time.
Sedition.
Yea this. People on this message board tend to throw around Treason accusations like they are nothing. Treason is so serious that the framers actually laid out a clear definition in Article 3 of the Constitution specifically so it would not be used as a political tool. I have corrected both Trump supporters and Hillary supporters on here when claiming the other side committed treason. It can be very dangerous if it is used as a political tool. I'm sorry to OP, this is not even close to treason. Conflict of interest? Yes. Podesta ironically has the same conflict of interest. Both sides need to take a step back and look in the mirror sometimes I swear.
The problem with Trump stories is that there are just so many, it all gets buried, and he comes up with new shit so fast.
It was pointed out in Trumpcast, that if you step on one nail, it hurts. A bunch at once just feel uncomfortable. We just accept the bullshit he says and does.
Trump's latest scandal is the biggest distraction from his own previous scandal.
I think it's an actual strat.
This is very true lol.
He has the best scandals, doesn't he folks?
May be that's his plan: have controversies all the time People get desensitized after a point
Nah, the problem is that the media doesn't want to go full fledge attack mode on trump for fear of looking partisan when the truth is Trump deserves to be attacked 24/7 considering all the shit that's been uncovered.
Nah the problem is that the Democrats are just so much worse especially Harry Balzsac Reid. https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20140521/18112427320/harry-reid-bows-down-to-trial-lawyers-big-pharma-killing-patent-reform.shtml
Do you not watch CNN? The only time they're not attacking Trump is when they're running one of his commercials between attacks.
Both candidates deserve to be attacked. It's absolutely ridiculous how dirty both of them are.
The issue isn't that they would look partisan, the issue is that making the election lopsided for Clinton would make the election more boring i.e. less viewers thus less $.
What alternative universe do you live in where Trump isn't attacked 24/7 by the MSM let alone this sub?
There's a big difference between 'being attacked' and publishing facts. Airing what the man actually says and does etc. is called journalism. [Edited for clarity- second edit because third glass of wine]
Perhaps the media should focus on criticizing him properly, then. A lot of the media is so ridiculously impartial now, it's hard to take it seriously. They can criticize Trump all day long, but when their supposedly impartial reporters are bashing him, or apparently unable to control the tone of their reporters/newscasters, they lose their credibility. I think this is a surprising thing for some liberals to deal with - the idea that there is a LOT of media out there with a liberal bias. The reason being, I think, that the media with a conservative bias is usually *way* more overt and often times even outright states that it has a conservative bias. I can't think of a single US news outlet that is even close to being impartial.
PBS for starters. NPR too. [Edited because fourth glass of wine]
> [Edited because fourth glass of wine] You should watch that maybe get help You are **four** times over the daily maximum now /r/cripplingalcoholism
Well if one of candidate is SUE addict and has potential to create law that limit freedom of press because he dislike being criticized they sure are fucking BIASED. Then again you cant find any positive side of Trump that wouldnt be debunked in split second.
> They can criticize Trump all day long, but when their supposedly impartial reporters are bashing him, or apparently unable to control the tone of their reporters/newscasters, they lose their credibility. How does one lose credibility for accurately reporting the things someone says and does?
Um, be careful here. Facts, reason, and liberal bias are not the same thing. The shit that comes out of Trump is so damaging to him that you always have his surrogates trying to decipher what he actually meant versus what he actually said. Ugh, his surrogates are the worst, they're like a human centipede and Trump is on the front with diarrhea.
>A lot of the media is so ridiculously impartial now You cannot be serious. American citizens can not be this deluded, surely?
With enough repetition and brainwashing, yes, there's tons of them.
I do agree with you that many conflate reporting his numerous extreme actions and statements is not "attacking". However, for discussion's sake, how would we define what constitutes a media "attack" then?
When it's not based on fact?
>Trump deserves to be attacked 24/7 considering all the shit that's been uncovered. Are you implying he's not already?
He is, but for the totally wrong things. News outlets keep making news about "wow, Trump said something stupid during his latest rally, haha, this is not very presidential, is it, haha. On the other side, Clinton is being investigated again for her E-MAILS!!!11!" In reality, people should have investigated the russia thing on Trump and only focus on that. A presidential candidate having ties to, you know, pretty much the archenemy of the US for the entire second half of the 20th century and saying "oh, we should be nicer to Putin" is egregious to say the least. Clinton has been brought up for only her big fuckups (mostly the emails), whereas Trump is only being brought up for his "mistake of the day". It paints the image of Clinton being utterly incompetent when it comes to being president, whereas Trump is only this clumsy, but determined candidate.
Can we make some new hours in the day just to attack Trump more? I mean do it after the election, but let's get it going. Trump Hour would be a vital time when we all come together and say "See that? We need to be better than that." Maybe we can have the first one be next Sunday, when daylight saving time kicks out and we get a 25 hour Sunday.
Hillary supporters are now calling for the Hour of Hate from *1984*. Hahahahahaha hahaha oh wow I never want this election to end.
Nope. The hours are finite, and as it turns out, they're running down. Voters are already casting ballots (I have) and to the collective delight of the world, this will all be over shortly.
You're naive if you think this will be over on November 9th. If Trump loses his supporters, and maybe himself too, are going to go crazy probably for months and months. If Clinton loses then we are the laughing stock of the world and obviously it's not gonna be over for 4 more years.
The Trump rallies already remind me of the "two-minute hate" from 1984. Now it seems to me you're advocating an hour-long hate, lol. BTW, I'm deffo not a Trump supporter; just a concerned person from the UK watching, hoping and praying that Trump doesn't get in.
TrumpTV is going to be a real thing. So.....
How are his follower going to pay for it?
it will be as popular as youtube red!!
Not watching anything that makes him money
I wouldn't spend a penny on anything with his name on it. Just saying he's gonna be here after the election.
I mean. I kinda want to go to the Inauguration when Hillary becomes the next President and stay at Trump's new hotel
It's $30,000 per night to stay there for inauguration night FYI
But Teh_Dickfingers told me the media is biased against him because they're afraid of how awesome he is. What am I supposed to believe?!?
Reid's no fool and that letter isn't fucking around. This does several things: * Shows Chaffetz and Co. that if the FBI is in play, the Dems can go offensive too. * Puts intense scrutiny on Comey personally. * Starts to poison the well. Another reason the FBI stays out of politics is because once they're on the field, they can get hit too. With Trump out there claiming that all of Washington is corrupt, this is a shitty path for all the people who *work* for the FBI.
Just like his hit piece on Romney.... liar.
Conservatives love to pretend to be too daft to understand he was making a point that Romney wouldn't release his taxes because his campaign believed the truth was worse than Reid's lie. Romney had the perfect opportunity to inform the American people about how big a liar Reid is and about his own finances and he wouldn't do it. It was quite brilliant on Reid's part.
I keep seeing people trying to deride Reid as a liar for the Romney thing as a way of offsetting his attack on Comey. Let me tell you why that's misguided. *Everyone* knows that Reid is fucking *ruthless.* His entire career is built on being the most cutthroat and vicious politician he can be. This is not a secret. So, if all the opposition can muster is his casting of aspersions about Romney's taxes, then they're bringing piss to a shit fight. The *point* of his attack on Comey is to show everyone else in Washington that Michelle Obama might be going high, but Harry Reid doesn't give a fuck if he leaves the Senate covered in shit or not.
Doesn't change that he's a proven liar.
Yeah I'm not sure that saying he's an aggressive, ruthless liar is any better...
Trump's lies are considerably worse Edit: spelling
Lol
Trump has all the best lies, just the best lies, his lies are the best.
No, he didn't say that. See, now I'm as honest as Pence.
So is Trump
Now wait a second - why is this not a valid argument when talking about Trump? He's a proven liar, too. Or O'Keefe? With O'Keefe, everyone said focus on the content - but that has always been "the lie" in his previous releases. So he's also a proven liar. Anyway, I think the key difference in this situation with Reid is that he refers to specific conversation he's had with Comey. This isn't a "sources say" type of situation or an anonymous tip. He's calling Comey out on previous discussion.
One rule for me, another for thee.
He didn't just cast aspersions, he made stuff up. He's ruthless, sure, to the point that he's completely willing to throw away his credibility just to hurt his political opposition. Problem is, he already threw away that credibility on a national level with the Romney tax thing and this makes this desperate misdirection attempt kind of sad. It's just too blatant.
"heh, nothing personnel kid" - Harry Reid
"Nothing personal, kid, but you used the wrong word." - /u/tiny_ninja
That fake quote is more accurate than you know. In 2010, Reid's massive turnout efforts in Latino neighborhoods damaged his own son's campaign for Governor against a Latino Republican candidate. Nothing personal, kid.
> Everyone knows that Reid is fucking ruthless. I mean, I'm sure that I'm just showing my ignorance doing this, but after watching the guy fail to corral the Senate for eight years this sentence just sounds inherently silly to me.
He's been a fool to me the moment he lied about Mitt Romney not paying taxes and not apologies after being found out: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/ayobami-olugbemiga/harry-reid-gives-shameful-response-to-his-attack-on-mitt-romneys-taxes_b_6999996.html
He didn't say that. (Pence impersonation)
Boohoo. Integrity is also respecting tradition established to protect the American people and releasing your tax returns. Romney could have laid it to rest and made Reid look like a fool any time he wanted. He chose not to at his own peril.
Except he is a fool and a straight up liar. http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2012/aug/06/harry-reid/harry-reid-says-anonymous-source-told-him-mitt-rom/
> Reid's no fool and that letter isn't fucking around. Maybe, although I question that. He is definitely a liar, and has no qualms with laying out some whoppers during election season. Anyone remember him saying during the 2012 election that Mitt Romney wasn't paying taxes? Yeah, [Politifact](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2012/aug/06/harry-reid/harry-reid-says-anonymous-source-told-him-mitt-rom/) rated that as "Pants on fire." Did the Democrats expect that word would not have gotten out once the warrant was served for the emails? Did they expect the FBI to wait until after the election before requesting the warrant? By not informing Congress of a significant change in the investigation, would he not have been playing politics? Worst case scenario and Trump is communicating with Russia, how is it illegal? Are we at war with Russia? No.
>By not informing Congress of a significant change in the investigation, would he not have been playing politics? More importantly is that he promised to update the congress whenever something changes when he gave the statement last time. I think his transparency is the best route he could have chosen.
>Reid's no fool sorry I couldn't get past this
> Puts intense scrutiny on Comey personally. Unless Trump gets elected (lol) Comey's career is over.
He may not be a fool, but he is a liar. I wouldn't trust anything he says involving Republican Presidential Candidates and I say that as a Democrat. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/09/15/harry-reid-lied-about-mitt-romneys-taxes-hes-still-not-sorry/
No matter who wins, there will be purges of the FBI for this colossal fuckup.
no there won't
Comey is resigning by the end of next month guaranteed
There will. Comey is done. They will sacrifice some more folks in his circle to show how impartial they are are move along doing what they have been doing.
Yeah, there will. Trump would dump Comey for not recommending indictment and for holding info back (as these emails were with the FBI "weeks" ago). Clinton will dump him for this event specifically and how it threatens her slightly, but more so heavily threatens down ballot democrst Senate and House races. He would have survived Clinton had it not been for this. Now no side wants him. Yes, if this somehow gives Trump the election, you'd think he'd be appreciative. But one of his circus shows is the run around Clinton and desire to "jail" her. Comey's past recommendations stand in the way of that, as well as the AG, and they'll both need to go to get that on track.
The director has a 10 year appointment. He's not going anywhere barring a conviction.
Everyone just read that and didn't bother to look up the fact that there are multiple ways a FBI director can be removed, including the President just removing them. > According to a 2014 report by the Congressional Research Service, “there are no statutory conditions on the President’s authority to remove the FBI Director.” In other words, the President can indeed fire the FBI director. An FBI director can also be removed by congress, through the impeachment process. http://heavy.com/news/2016/10/james-comey-fired-fbi-director-hillary-clinton-email-private-server-influence-election/ >Yes. The president may remove a director with adequate cause. President Clinton dismissed Director William Sessions halfway through his term on charges that Sessions misused official resources—such as using FBI aircraft for personal trips. >Congress can also remove an FBI director by impeachment. Article II, Section 4 of the Constitution says that any civil officer can be removed if the Senate convicts him of "treason,bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors." A two-thirds vote is required for conviction. http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/explainer/2002/06/how_do_you_dump_the_fbi_director.html
Good...fuck them.
Hopefully the side I support will consolidate power over that organization.
That is the problem doofus. The fbi is supposed to be impartial.
What sort of absolute shithead thing is that to say. "I hope my side wins in something that is meant to be politically unbiased"
The best outcome would be to restore the FBIs nonpartisan practices. Since the J Edgar Hoover nightmare ended, we've been extremeley careful to make sure the FBI is nonpartisan and staffed with people who won't abuse their power. Comey had a reputation as an extremely self righteous person before he was FBI director, and it's now clear that, if nothing else, comey cares far more about his own reputation than protocall or the FBI's nonpartisan history
Hopefully the side I vote in just makes the FBI look in the mirror and reassess what it's doing. Regardless of Clinton clearly winning the FBI needs to be more clear. I hate the idea that the FBI has always been a champion for the people. Look at MLK, Abbie Hoffman, basically anyone who thinks everyone should be treated fairly
I don't want "my side" to win, I want the office restored to a fair, non-partisan standard. Once we start playing the "we're infallible" game we lose.
I think they were making a remark about the dangerous nature of "consolidating power" a department
The word "purge" is mighty uncomfortable...
How do you feel about "show trial"?
what the fuck is going on anymore?
[deleted]
Corrupt maybe, but I fail to see how Clinton act's a buffoon to the extent that Trump does.
She doesn't. It's just easy upvotes to say something like "oh *both* candidates are terrible! Everyone is crazy!" Even though one side is clearly running a straightforward election campaign dogged by overblown nonscandals while the other literally channels the Third Reich.
>overblown nonscandals >literally channels the Third Reich. Are you serious? Can you please elaborate on the 2nd point and tell me who and how someone is channeling the 3rd Reich?
2016 was really just an elaborate dream sequence.
The next CNN panel will consist of a dancing midget talking backwards for an hour, who will finally reveal that Wolf Blitzer is an agent for the black lodge.
Is the dancing midget a Trump surrogate, because I feel like this would make more sense. I like my dreams to have a touch of logical reality in there.
He's voting for Stein, because wifi waves stunted his growth.
This is the correct answer.
This is Reid daring Comey to not comment on Trump now and have to explain why only Clinton gets discussed or daring him to meet the same standard of public disclosure in regard to Trump's connections to Russia. Smart play.
That's fine. Can we get them both indicted? That's a twist I'd kinda like to see
No. The Clinton investigation, even if it continues, will not be able to get an indictment. Not because of corruption either. It's pretty much impossible to say that Hillary stored her emails on a private server specifically to commit treason by giving active intelligence to "the other side". Simultaneously, Trump will be impossible to indict because he was never in possession of intelligence that makes ties to Russia problematic. If he is elected then that would be a problem, but his business dealings are separate from his political dealings and proving otherwise is more problematic. Trump might get into trouble over the sexual assault claims, but it will be civil charges and not criminal in likelihood.
Doesn't he get a daily national security briefing? If he does have ties to Russia, isn't there a risk he'd be telling his old pal Vlad about them?
Only if you will hold pence under water for 15 minutes. 15 minutes kills the beezlebub, right?
I think it has to be holy water, are those pedophile priests available to bless the water?
I think Reid has a point. Shouldn't Comey treat any investigations for Trump the same as Clinton?
It should but comey is a Republican and thus hates freedom because he is selling out the country to Russia b3cause his masters said to.
It is likely a lie though, he lied about Romney not paying his taxes last election and was later called out by every single news agency that gave a damn. His response to being caught lying? "He didn't win did he?" - Harry Reid refering to Romney
Where are you kids getting your talking points? Try harder, man.
Well if there is anything with Trump it won't be on the same level of investigating whether there was misconduct by a Secretary of State. So no, there really isn't a good point being made.
> Shouldn't Comey treat any investigations for Trump Come should but the question is whether Trump's Russian connections are indeed being investigated. Reid could be lying—he's done so before with regards to Romney's taxes—and he is very much an ends justify the means kind of guy
Lol I can't way to see "Romney taxes" as the fucking talking point for conservatives tomorrow on the news. Is that the only point you have?
I'm on their mailing list. Expect to be hearing about that a lot in the coming days/eternity.
It's a legitimate point. When you have a senator who openly made a false claim against someone from the opposing party, and said that he would do it again, it's pretty hard to just take something he says for granted. Kind of like the boy who cried wolf. Of course, that would be non-partisan so why would you follow that logic?
Senator Reid made a false claim. Must mean every claim he makes in future will also be false. Can we please apply that same logic to Trump? Trump says 5 bullshit things before he eats breakfast.
No, he intentionally made a false claim in order to harm the reputation of a political opponent, later stating that he would DO IT AGAIN. Therefore, it's reasonable to say that if he makes a similar claim, you shouldn't take his word for it without evidence. And yes, we can. Believe it or not, just because I'm criticising a democrat doesn't mean I worship republicans. But Trump saying 5 bullshit things doesn't mean that Reid should get a free pass.
He said a source told him Romney hadn't paid taxes for 10 years. Maybe the source was misleading Reid or unknowingly giving Reid inaccurate information. Maybe Reid made the whole thing up. Either way, you obviously don't know the meaning of the word "intentionally," as you can't prove that it was Reid's intent to make a false claim. Also, your definition of "intentional" isn't even close to the one used by the courts of this country. And I honestly don't care who you are or aren't voting for.
After being shown evidence, he refused to retract his statement and basically said he would lie again. So yea, claiming intent is pretty reasonable. And try not to muddy the waters of the discussion by insinuating that I don't put Trump to the same standards as democrats shall we? Saying this like "can we please apply the same logic to Trump?" as if I don't already makes it seem like you care enough to decide that I'm pro trump since I don't agree with Reids baseless claims.
"Basically said he would lie again." Uh... yeah, I have to disagree that Reid "basically" said he would lie again... whatever that means. Nobody says that. If Reid indeed had a source who proved unreliable, then so be it. That doesn't mean he's an "intentional" liar forever after. Plus, even if Reid couldn't verify the information being given him by his source, that doesn't mean stating what the source said didn't have an impact. After all, Romney released his taxes soon afterwards, didn't he? You can be good at politics without being an "intentional" liar, especially since someone like Romney has made a few enemies during his time and has MORE than his fair share of people gunning for him, including even some close to him. Don't be so quick to think you know everyone's intentions. If you think Romney didn't have one or two people close to him also taking shots at him behind a cover of anonymity, you're foolish.
precisely. Yes, the FBI *should* make a similar announcement if they are sitting on the evidence that Reid says that they are, but that's a pretty huge if, making Reid's statement clickbaity at best and a political manipulation of the news cycle to hurt the opposition campaign at worst. Also, /u/Hrothgar_Cyning, I'm assuming you may already know about it, but, if not, Hwæt - r/OldEnglish
No. There's a very simple reason why. Congress has not asked that they be apprised of any investigations with Trump (it must be voted on), and none of the records are under Congressional subpoena.
But Comey's claim is that the American people need to know. Well, don't the American people need to know about Trump?
Trump isnt under investigation. Trump has never held office. Even if Trump has any sort of ties to Russia its not on a state level but an economic one at best which violates nothing because free market. Its not like Trump sold the Russians a bunch of uranium.....oh wait that was Clinton.
It looks like, according to Reid, Trump WAS under investigation, that's why there is "explosive" evidence he has Russian ties. It just may not have been a public investigation
He said they did not comment about open investigations when asked about trump. But hey, keep spouting bullshit, the stupid ones listen.
Well his campaign manager had $12 million off the books and didn't register as a foreign agent and he had to resign because of it. There would certainly be an investigation into what he knew
> Trump isnt under investigation. You don't know that, and in fact it seems he may be. >Trump has never held office. Irrelevant >Even if Trump has any sort of ties to Russia its not on a state level but an economic one at best which violates nothing because free market. Foolishly simplistic. Of course there are hundreds of things Trump could have done with Russia that was against the law, we should know what those allegations are, since we clearly know Clinton's allegations.
If this is true, then Comey is finished and I fully expect the FBI to see a thorough cleansing of any and all sympathizers.
>if this is true It's not, Reid's talking out his ass because he's mad.
Source? Oh right, your ass.
If Comey is actually doing this to try to influence the election, it would be unprecedented in his career. He is widely regarded as one of the most ethical law enforcement officials in the country. Reid on the other hand has been caught spreading a false rumor before about Romney during the last election cycle, and here he is again with a huge scoop against the guy who threatens his preffered candidate the most. I find it amazing that people are so quickly accepting the words of a known liar against the integrity of the director of the FBI. I understand that Comey's letter is unprecedented, but do you know what else was unprecedented? Loretta Lynch meeting with Bill Clinton during the initial investigation.
It's very unlikely. This is looking more like a sanctioned release. It's far to little to late to change the election. On the other hand if this was released two weeks ago it would have been huge news at the debates or the worst path it gets released after the election and a huge shitstorm envelops because the American people would feel the FBI was playing for the dems. I do believe the dems will use this to purge the FBI but the timing of this release was the best of three bad paths
If it isn't true then Reid is a lying sack of shit and owes Comey a public apology.
Yeah, agreed.
Harry Reid never apologized to Romney for lying about having information about Romney not paying taxes in 2012. Harry is corrupt as fuck, and no one ITT should trust a word he says.
I think common courtesy went out the window when Comey took a massive shit on the FBI's credibility on Friday. Even if it isn't true, Comey's rep wasn't worth a damn anyways.
I agree 110%. But, I can't see Reid making this up when he knows how badly things will backlash onto the Democrats if it turns out that he's just making shit up. That's what's scary about this. You can't make these kinds of huge claims and not be 100% certain about it. I mean, he's not talking about anything less than Donald Trump being an agent of the Russian government.
>You can't make these kinds of huge claims and not be 100% certain about it. 100%? > "I am writing to inform you that my office has determined that these actions *may* violate the Hatch Act."
Reid has zero reservations about lying in order to hurt a political opponent. http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/6999996
You kiddos all got the same talking points from Trump, eh?
We'll see very shortly if he's lying or not.
Reid did something similar with Romney's taxes in 2012. The takeaway from that seemed to be that the end justified the BS. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2015/04/09/harry-reid-still-isnt-sorry-for-saying-mitt-romney-doesnt-pay-taxes/ And as he's on his way out the door, he's the perfect person to deliver a message that plants seeds of doubt with no backup. Reid knows Comey can't comment one way or the other on the accusation so it's a game of he said/can't comment. If Reid had a spine he'd say outright that Comey did violate the Hatch act instead of hiding behind multiple insinuations against a person who can't defend themself publicly.
You are right, it is either just a political game to plant a seed of doubt because of what Comey did or Reid really knows something which he most likely does not because he is retiring soon and YOLO.
IANAL but wouldn't outright stating that Comey has broken the law before an investigation/trial has confirmed it open Reid up for a slander suit?
Well, we'll find out here tomorrow.
Why tomorrow, if I may ask?
There's been a lot of pressure coming from literally everywhere except the reddest Republicans demanding that Comey clarify his statement by Monday at the latest. That said, we *should* find out tomorrow, but who the hell knows at this point whether we will
>reddest Republicans ISWYDT
Reid is also on his way out. Ever since he announce dhis retirement he has not given two shits about what people think about him.
If the FBI wanted to support Trump, couldn't they just have recommended prosecuting Clinton back in July?
The Republicans did not want to go up against Bernie.
They would have to produce some kind of evidence to warrant that, which there is none. Putting out this extremely vague letter with no details requires no evidence and there is not enough time to dispute it. Accomplishes the goal of creating a shit load of innuendo
>They would have to produce some kind of evidence to warrant that Are you implying there was no evidence that Hillary had classified information on her private server?
There was no evidence of any prosecutable offence is exactly what Comey said in the july. The potential presence of material that should have been classified is not in and of itself prosecutable
I believe the FBI's conclusion was "there was no evidence of intent" and that "no reasonable prosecutor would take this case." Sorry, but that's not the same thing as "no evidence" as you originally stated. Also, your claim that it was not a "prosecutor offence" is incorrect, since that implies she could not have been prosecuted for it. If that were the case, they would have just said so. I feel that either you are misinformed about what actually happened or you do not have a strong command of the English language, but I'm not sure which one.
This would be awful though. It would be another shouting point of misinformation just like all the clowns cry about Obama telling the IRS to attack republican non-profits. It would just spin them into an even deeper pit of denial of reality. What's hilarious is that Comey was a big RINO traitor, now they probably love him again.
Comey needs to be 'retired' for his bad choices in trying to influence the election. That's a given. But, if he's playing favorites by hiding a Trump investigation 'and' trumpeting vague bullshit about Clinton, then he needs to be 'fired' and the rest of the FBI purged of any GOP nutbars that are playing politics with the FBI's duties.
That would be very bad. What Reid is accusing Comey of doing is intentionally polluting the water of a presidential election. It would literally be the worst thing to happen* to the FBI in decades, possibly ever. And Comey, arch-conservative though he may be, has never demonstrated a penchant for meddling in elections. I don't think Comey was doing anything Hatch Act-related. I think he was trying to figure out what to do and botched the optics.
Comey wouldn't botch the optics, he's a smart, smart man.
> I think he was trying to figure out what to do and botched the optics. It's all baffling. He's struck me as a straight shooter in the past. But he's also not a dumb guy, and he had to know what would happen if he did that. Then consider that none of the emails on Weiner's PC were to or from Hillary, and they might all be duplicative, *and he didn't bother to mention that in the letter to congress*, and politicking is the only logical conclusion IMO.
If he *did* in fact find something that warranted reopening the investigation, he would *have* to say something, because he already publicly announced the closing of the investigation in the first place. He would be misleading the American Public he kept his mouth shut after publicly saying "Nothing to see here" a few months earlier. IMO, law enforcement should keep their mouth shut on pending investigations, because most of the time, it's no one's business. Hillary Clinton is a special case, because she's a candidate for POTUS, which kind of makes it everyone's business. People should know that a presidential candidate is being actively investigated for criminal charges.
Which is sort of the point, as Trump obviously is too, but there's been no FBI letter about Trump to stir shit up like the one about Clinton.
Why would there be a letter about Trump? Is the FBI investigating Trump?
There are civil suits which Hillary supporters like to imagine is the same as the multiple FBI investigations into Hillary.
>Then consider that none of the emails on Weiner's PC were to or from Hillary, and they might all be duplicative, and he didn't bother to mention that in the letter to congress, and politicking is the only logical conclusion IMO. This is all pure speculation. There very well could be emails to/from Hillary in the batch they just discovered. It has not been confirmed that none of the emails involved her. And while there is a possibility that some emails may be duplicates, there is no guarantee that this is the case. For all we know, every email in this batch is new material. Comey acknowledged that the FBI doesn't know the significance of the emails yet, so why should he have to sugarcoat it any further than that? To appease Clinton supporters who can't accept the fact that their candidate may have broken the law? I don't see these same people calling for the reports on Trump's sexual assault to include the possibility that maybe the women are lying and he didn't do it. Why should Hillary get special treatment?
> doesn't know the significance of it yet. Then why say anything? Unless he's confident they can proceed and finish before the election. They didn't even have a fucking warrant when he made his statement. It's completely reckless
You answered your own question. The FBI found evidence that required them to seek a warrant. Comey had previously told congress and the American people that the investigation was complete. The moment that they decided to revisit the investigation, he had an obligation to inform congress and the people. I understand that the timing is inconvenient for your candidate, but it's not Comey's fault that this evidence was just discovered. I'd be willing to bet that if something like this happened to Trump at the same time, most of the people demanding more information or a resignation from Comey would be saying "He's just doing his job! Too bad if it hurts Drumpf's chances!!!!" I'm sorry, but Hillary's investigation should not be given special treatment because she is running for president. Don't the American people have a right to know if someone campaigning to lead our nation is going back under FBI investigation for compromising US national security?
Then, WHY, right before the election.... I suspect he's meddling.
Because Anthony Weiner got involved in actual sex crimes with underage girls. SVU forced his hands. Edit: Since people here don't seem to be aware. Yes, SVU is a real thing. It is a made up concept by Dick Wolf.
Because that's when he discovered the new evidence. Edit: apparently telling the truth is frowned upon in this establishment. Seriously though he reported to congress the day after he found out about the new emails to keep them up to speed on the investigation. https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/fbi-agents-knew-of-clinton-related-emails-weeks-before-director-was-briefed/2016/10/30/657ed266-9eb1-11e6-8d63-3e0a660f1f04_story.html?pushid=breaking-news_1477847865&tid=notifi_push_breaking-news
What is the value of the new discovery? If it's valuable, surely he'd tell us what it is one way or another.
Well now that the DOJ has finally provided a warrant we might be able to find out.
Agreed! Thing is, millions have already cast their ballots, so I'm not sure what the reason for this timing is.
Because he just discovered that there was new evidence and wanted to inform congress. I really think that's all there is to it.
A week before the election seems like odd timing, considering he's unable (or unwilling) to speak to the temerity of it. Doubly so when you consider the FBI has known about it for weeks.
He's unable to speak about what there is because the FBI didn't have a warrant to read the emails until today. And yes the FBI has known about it for weeks but Comey wasn't told about it until Thursday. https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/fbi-agents-knew-of-clinton-related-emails-weeks-before-director-was-briefed/2016/10/30/657ed266-9eb1-11e6-8d63-3e0a660f1f04_story.html?pushid=breaking-news_1477847865&tid=notifi_push_breaking-news My guess is that the agents who discovered it were having trouble with the DOJ giving them a warrant so Comey told congress about the emails to put pressure on the DOJ to finally give them what they needed to do their jobs. That's just speculation but my question is why did it take so long for the DOJ to provide the warrant?
CNN is reporting that he knew about these emails two weeks ago and said nothing then. Why did he wait till now, when he clearly has no more information than he did two weeks ago? Why not get all his ducks in a row before making an announcement, since he clearly decided to wait? This was not some hastily penned missive, Comey had weeks to consider his next move and act accordingly.
What I've read has said that the FBI knew about them but no one told Comey until the day he notified Congress. Once he found out he notified Congress immediately.
I got it from [CNNs](http://www.cnn.com/2016/10/30/politics/clinton-fbi-investigation-comey/index.html) reporting. >Comey was made aware of the emails' existence by mid-October, law enforcement sources have said.
The Washington Post is reporting that Comey didn't know about it until the day before it was leaked. https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/fbi-agents-knew-of-clinton-related-emails-weeks-before-director-was-briefed/2016/10/30/657ed266-9eb1-11e6-8d63-3e0a660f1f04_story.html?pushid=breaking-news_1477847865&tid=notifi_push_breaking-news
CNN is reporting that he knew about these emails two weeks ago and said nothing then. Why did he wait till now, when he clearly has no more information than he did two weeks ago? Why not get all his ducks in a row before making an announcement, since he clearly decided to wait? This was not some hastily penned missive, Comey had weeks to consider his next move and act accordingly.
Congress has oversight powers. When they ask the FBI to keep them in the loop, three things: 1. When you just testified under oath you had recovered everything you were going to recover, you make damn well sure you amend that statement as soon as you can. 2. You don't want to appear to be withholding information from Congress that they asked for. He's going to spend a lot of taxpayer money analyzing these new emails and using processes to gain access to their contents. It's going to be obvious to anyone paying attention once that process starts that something changed. So you don't want to spend 6 months getting your ducks in a row without telling your "supervisor" what you're doing. 3. In the unlikely event that Clinton wins and there is evidence of criminal behavior in the new emails, he won't face questions about letting the election change his behavior and influence his judgment.
That's not what the issue is. Of course he should investigate new evidence - but at the time he wrote the letter, he didn't know if it was evidence. He either should've investigated to learn if it was even pertinent to the case, and if so, taken steps to both inform Congress and ensure the information was kept secret until he knew what that new evidence amounts to, **or** inform Congress as he did on friday, but with additional steps to ensure the information be kept secret. The reason being is that without thoroughly investigating, no conclusions either way can be drawn. Comey is not an idiot - he knew this would be spread instantly and the press would jump on it. He said himself one of the reasons he sent his letter to Congress was to inform the American people. But without actual substantive information, what is he informing us of? That he found something that might be new and relevant, but it also might be absolutely nothing? He's very clearly intentionally starting a shitstorm that may be absolutely nothing. Investigations take time, and he knows he's leaving something up in the air that most likely won't be cleared up before the election.
There are reports of the DOJ stonewalling his investigation. We don't know what's happening behind the scenes but it is very possible that Lynch was making it impossible for Comey to do his job so he went public to force her hand to let him carry out his investigation. Hell there's a report saying FBI agents found these emails weeks ago and they just now got the warrant today. It looks to me like Lynch is playing politics and trying to keep the FBI from doing its job.And there is nothing he could've done to keep Congress from leaking what he tells them. He can't just make them cross their hearts to keep them from leaking whatever they want.
Well no, apparently the issue the DOJ had was not him investigating - it was going public with it. The reports I know of are saying that they're making his investigation hard since he went public on Friday - not all along. The fact that he defied very clear protocol and the recommendations of his superiors makes it understandable that they're not rushing to help him out. I'm a lawyer, not a congressional expert, but I believe he actually could've made his report confidential. Regardless, he was under no legal obligation to make his findings known - at that time. He didn't (and still doesn't) know what he had. It's a bad precedent to take. I suspect you're not a Clinton fan and that's fine, but if Comey can do it to Clinton, he can do it to anyone. I understand that with her the investigation was warranted, but the FBI can basically come up with any reason they want to investigate someone. If they start becoming partisan, it's open season on any powerful politician that may buck the status quo.
I'm not a Trump or Clinton fan. If anything I lean more towards Clinton. But I do respect Comey. I don't know why he reported it to Congress when he did but he has never acted solely for a political purpose before and I don't think he'd suddenly do it now unless there is something going on behind the scenes forcing his hand. All I want is the truth and to find out what they find in these new emails. If it's nothing that is perfectly fine and I will accept it just like I did when Comey recommended not to indict. I'm just not in a rush to demonize Comey and call for his head and I think that the only reason most people are pissed off here is because it hurts their candidate. And I don't think it's fair to criticize Comey for playing politics when you can just as easily point at his superior, Lynch, and say she's doing the same thing.
I do think that Comey was in a shitty position. When he announced that Clinton didn't break the law and he wouldn't be recommending charges, the GOP launched an investigation into him and the FBI, so I'd guess he was trying to avoid more of the GOP pitchforks. My issue (other than what I said earlier) is that he should be above all that, especially when it concerns his own department's protocol. He shouldn't be engaging in anything that could potentially be perceived as partisan and especially not something that could get him in his own legal hot water.
>And I don't think it's fair to criticize Comey for playing politics when you can just as easily point at his superior, Lynch, and say she's doing the same thing. I'm not sure how you come to that conclusion. Loretta Lynch counselled him to not send the letter, in order to avoid getting the FBI influencing a major election with days to go. She's advocating to "not play politics", as has been long-standing trandition for the FBI and Department of Justice. You could make the argument that Loretta Lynch was playing politics if she were pushing, doing press conferences and sending letters to congress about them opening an investigation into Trump's ties to Russia days before the election. **That** would be the equivalent of doing the same thing. Advocating to the FBI to not send the letter is the opposite.
The FBI has known about these emails for weeks but couldn't get a warrant to actually read them until after Comey informs congress and congress leaks it. What took the DOJ so long? Why did it take massive public interest and pressure for them to get off of their asses and issue a warrant. Maybe if Lynch would've helped them get a warrant a week or two ago then this wouldn't be out in the news until the FBI actually had time to read the emails. It looks like Lynch was trying to protect Clinton and her party by hindering the FBI in its attempts to do its job. And Lynch has shown no respect for protocol or ethics and lost any moral standing on those things the second she got on a plane with Bill Clinton while there was an ongoing investigation into his wife. Not to mention all of the stonewalling she's been doing during congressional inquiries into the investigation.
>Because that's when he discovered the new evidence. What evidence? At the time he sent the letter, the FBI didn't even have a warrant to go through the emails on the laptop. Even now they have no clue if the emails on the laptop are duplicates of emails recovered from Clinton's server. There's a **potential** for evidence, but there's no way to quantify what that potential is.
It is still evidence. You are right we don't know how valuable that evidence is but it is still a development in the case. It is not something he can control the timing of.
No, it isn't. Not unless your mom's panties are also evidence because he hasnt ruled them out yet.
They're emails related to the investigation into Clintons server. They might be duplicates of what they already have but it's stills evidence in an investigation that needs to be looked into.
New potential evidence he had no reason to comment on, was unable to review because he lacked a warrant, and broke with department policy and the recommendations of his superiors to give to a highly partisan congress just over a week before and extremely contentious election.
He did have reason to comment on it. He testified before congress about the investigation and as far as I know he's supposed to keep them informed on new developments. It's not his fault that those he informed chose to leak his letter. And he didn't follow the recommendations of his superiors, aka Loretta Lynch and DOJ, because they had been stonewalling his investigation and are completely biased in the entire matter. He was put in a tough spot and is trying to do his job.
If he were going to interfere he'd have recommended indictment.
Of course he is. He's not allowed to donate to the Republican candidate like he did in 2012/2008, so he has to do something to tip the scales, right?
> And Comey, arch-conservative though he may be, has never demonstrated a penchant for meddling in elections. So sample size of one national election.
The "worst thing to harken to the FBI?" Uh, remember when J. Edgar Hoover told MLK in an anonymous letter he was going to blackmail him and that MLK should kill himself first? Apparently not.
Or Ruby Ridge and Waco. The FBI has a pretty... interesting history when it comes to misconduct. The thing that bugs me the most, though, is that we kind of badly need them to be impartial this election, because I am dead certain we'll see partisan violence after this election and if nobody trusts the Feds, that's going to make negotiating with the next Oregon group or finding the next Unabomber much more difficult.
I do remember that, actually. But they're is a difference between interfering with the life of a private citizen and interfering with the machinery of democracy.
A nice plug here for the LBJ movie that HBO did with Bryan Cranston called All The Way. Features both King and Hoover as fairly major characters
Why do these articles keep getting deleted?
[deleted]
Rule #1 of any political subreddit: Be unassailable as to the submission rules. People will nitpick for any reason to remove an uncomfortable story and moderators, rightly, have to enforce the rules as written.
The best way to make the lunatics in Trump's camp who say things like "The election is rigged" look even crazier is to immediately question and require proof on things like this as well. Yeah the Trump conspiracy theories may be more numerous and more delusional, but that doesn't make this "theory" acceptable. Just like with the Trump ones....prove it. Until then it's nothing.
But he is talking mostly to morons with a 3rd grade education.
I mean is it a criminal violation to gargle on Putin's balls though?
It's criminal to advocate that a man do that in Russia.
This is why we need Trump to appoint conservative Supreme Court justices, so we can arrest pervs like Trump who gargle on Putin's balls.
Every piece of gay culture will be illegal if the Republicans win. Even Putin's balls.
Ahahaha! TRUE.
It definitely is in Russia.
Only if there's eye contact
Dude's like 5 foot 4. It's kinda hard not to, unless he's also gargling yours.
Snorting soda is uncomfortable. Thank you for that experience, druuconian.
Probably more comfortable than ball-gargling. I imagine Putin is pretty hirsute.
Like when he said Romney did not pay his taxes for 10 years..... We have seen this play before.
To be fair, Romney never actually settled the question of his taxes. Though it is unlikely he paid no taxes from 2000-2009, it is probable that he paid very little. His returns from 2010 and 2011, the only ones he released, indicate that he intentionally avoided a variety of deductions to pad his effective tax rate. He refused to release any further returns. Reid's lie was an attempt to force him to release additional years and consistent hounding by Dems undoubtedly influenced Romney's release of the two years worth of returns.
Romney only ever showed one or two years. I wonder what the issue was with the other eight?
What's so bad about that, Trump didn't pay them for 17 and he was just BEING SMART
Plus rape.
He paid the amount required under the law.\* \*Disclaimer: I am saying I support Trump by this statement.
So it's OK for Clinton to do "technically legal" things, but not Trump? Did you know Clinton uses a loophole to collaborate directly with a SuperPAC? Technically legal, but still shameful, just like Trump. Are you gonna tell me Clinton is just "being smart"? Or will you scold her too?
Deflecting from the point. Nice try.
He says, literally in defense of a comment deflecting from the point. LOL.
That fact the Reid LIED and said Romney didn't pay his taxes your cool that he did that, as long as it pushed your agenda.
Romney could have very easily shown how much he really paid. At the time Reid did that i think most people saw what was obvious bait for the media to continue to hit Romney on his taxes.
Trump has lied about having a relationship with Putin. He lies about his Russian business dealings and won't release his tax returns. His former **campaign manager** received undisclosed payments of over $12 million in cash from a Pro-Russian Ukrainian party and has ties to Russian oligarchs. Trump refuses to sing anything but praises for Putin (what a strong leader, it would be nice if we got along with Russia, we don't know Russia hacked the DNC - even though we do know that). I probably missed some stuff too.. I'm inclined to believe Harry Reid's statement that Trump's being investigated for his Russian ties.
Are any of those things actual criminal behavior involving Trump? The FBI isn't factcheck.org.
Manafort would be failing to register as a foreign agent. Whatever Trump might have known would be conspiracy but that might be tough to prove
I don't know how many times I have to re-post this but..."The FBI agents investigating Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server knew early this month that messages recovered in a separate probe might be germane to their case, but they waited weeks before briefing the FBI director, according to people familiar with the case." http://townhall.com/tipsheet/mattvespa/2016/10/30/fbi-agents-knew-about-new-emails-weeks-before-director-comey-n2238659
What's your conclusion?
There is no conclusion, this happen just a few days ago.
So then why ask why you need to keep posting it? What is your point? Do you have one?
Because this is an important detail people keep leaving out. People keep spreading the conspiracy that Comey only came out with the letter to hurt Hillary, when it's clearly about urgent transparency.
If it's about urgent transparency why didn't Comey announce the new emails weeks ago instead of waiting until a week and a half before the election?
Did you even read my comment above your are you just down-voting everything you don't agree with. https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/5a9qt5/harry_reid_accuses_comey_of_sitting_on_proof_of/d9etaql/?context=3
I did. And I didn't downvote you. I just misread your OP because I've heard the FBI has had the info for weeks from other sources but its the first I've heard that they waited to tell Comey.
Sorry about that then, it's kind of a chaotic day and I can't tell who trolling. This trend has way more, better comments that cover different points of what happening https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/5a8mz9/fbi_obtains_warrant_for_newly_discovered_emails/
Well, the FBI knew about these emails for weeks but didn't brief him until early last week. So, he only knew about them for a few days before informing Congress. The important question is that Comey knew what would happen when his vague letter was received by Congress, and multiple people within the DOJ and FBI told him not to release a statement until after the election, but he did anyway. There isn't anyway he can hide the fact that this was partly politically motivated unless he comes out and says he was careless in his wording and handling of the information. The Clinton campaign is calling on the FBI to release all of the information, which they know is not a bad strategy (shows she believes wholeheartedly that this case is over and the new batch of emails contains no new information) and puts all the balls in Comey's court.
>but didn't brief him until early last week. Yeah I misread/didn't catch that because I've heard the FBI has had the info for weeks but it's the first I've heard they waited to tell Comey.
Which now seems like both a good and bad decision. Had they informed him a few weeks ago, any damage from this would've been overshadowed by Trump's incessant blundering and poor debate performances. Instead they waited and now his releasing this information may directly influence an American election. And to top off this turd sandwich, the DOJ/FBI and the Attorney General all told him not to release a statement. Him doing so anyway shows intent, the very thing he holds as the holy grail of prosecution.
Okay. But if it is true that the Bureau has something on Trump and Russia, like Reid suggested in his letter, and they didn't release it wouldn't that suggest they were preferentially disclosing damaging info against one group? I would consider that urgent transparency too.
I'm only anwering one more times because the only thing /r/politics is good for is down votes without reason. So yes, I would hope the FBI would do there job.
I fill it in, since the other guy is clearly unwilling to connect obvious dots. CNN is reporting that Comeu knew about the existence of these emails for at least the last two weeks. Instead he sat on them, waited till a Friday, and then dropped a gauge bombshell which completely derailed a presidential campaign. The conclusion is Comey did all this deliberately. He sat on potentially damaging information. He didn't move his investigation forward to rapidly discover what the truth was, and then he willfully chose to release this information at a time and in a manner which would most damage the Clinton campaign. He could have informed Congess of his discovery immediately, but he didn't. He could have brought a ton of facts and let everyone know where we stood, but he didn't. Instead he dove into the mud to try and discredit the Clinton campaign as much as possible. And it worked.
I think it's the opposite of ur post. This was the best of three paths. They could have released it two weeks ago prior to the debates which would have sunk her. Or they release it after the election and potentially derail her entire presidency as the right would not consider her the legitimate president since they would feel she used politics to influence the FBI so information was not released. By doing it on a Friday and only two weeks before the election there's not enough time to really sway it. And in politics u release bad news on Fridays and good news on Tuesdays. Because o one cares on the weekends.
Tldr huh? Comprehension isn't your strong suit is it?
You have to read the source more carefully before jumping to these conclusions. The FBI agents knew, not Comey. They only told Comey a few days ago, the next day he sent the letter to congress.
Reid has zero credibility at this point. He did it to himself by unapologetically lying to influence an election (2008).
I suspect he is doing the same thing that chaffetz did by exaggerating "case reopened" likely to be about what has already been reported: http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/trump-advisor-meetings-russian-officials-investigated-article-1.2803727 but you never know. edit: and I don't mean to downplay the advisors trips to russia, [could be very serious](https://np.reddit.com/r/ChristopherHitchens/comments/54m7h2/on_the_eve_of_the_1st_2016_presidential_debate/) and any revelations on that would be worth hearing.
Honestly, I buy that Carter Page was just a name ona list that trump found easy to remember and gave as one of his advisers but has never in fact spoken to or had any contact with. It's just in character.
I think Reid is playing politics at its finest. He knows that the FBI cannot talk about its ongoing investigations and that Comey will likely not be able to comment on it. Assuming that Comey does not comment on this, as he is unable to do so, news will start questioning again Trump's ties with Russia, which shifts some attention away from Clinton's new emails. Reid is also contributing to the narrative, justified or not, that Comey has been partisan, discrediting him. And if emails come back again in the news, it would likely be the FBI saying nothing important has been found, assuming that they were in line with the previous ones.
You think he's playing politics at its finest? He's been a senator loner than I've been alive. I'm 27.
He is though. What u/Kira0802 said is exactly what Reid is banking on. He calls out Trump's ties to Russia by saying the FBI is investigating it but Comey isn't making a statement about that. It brings Trump's Russia ties back into the news, makes the FBI look partisan (it's only revealing information on ONE candidate) and shifts the focus onto Comey and the Republicans. He knows nothing new will come out with these emails until after the election, so getting the news cycle onto something else is imperative. I expect we'll see the Clinton campaign drop some op research early this week to counter this news.
Comey is literally talking about its ongoing investigation into Hillary's email -- which is exactly Reid's point. That dog don't hunt, man.
Comey's doing the same. Even if (likely, in my opinion) the emails cotain NO damning evidence or more likely yet duplicates of what's already released, they won't read them until after election day.....
Harry Reid is on the Select Senate Intelligence Committee. He knows damn well that if the NSA and CIA have this info, the FBI ought to have it too. He must slso know that the NSA and CIA can't do anything about it publicly without tipping off Russian intelligence and/or admitting that we use foreign intelligence gathering to look at our own citizens. He's got to lay a guilt trip on Comey to get him to show his cards.
Blaming russia again?
I thought the Putin Podesta connection story would be bigger.
Didn't this guy lie about Romney? Why is he trust worthy all of a sudden?
Right, cuz Trump has *never* lied...
https://yourlogicalfallacyis.com/tu-quoque
Because it fits a narrative.
The bar is pretty low this year, for some odd reason. Reid can probably just say "I didnt say that" if you asked him about it.
Trump just gets Pence to say it and then contradicts him immediately.
Director of the FBI influencing elections, at least it wouldn't be the first time.
This guy needs to resign. This is unacceptable.
Monday is going to be a great day
Well, I can tell you what the headlines in international media look like this Monday - good morning by the way - and it's *this* story. As a subscriber to "Hillary for prison" you might not enjoy it as much as I do, but you kind of got it right. But you still got 5-7 hours over there to come up with something new.
Good for Harry, most of you guys are too young to remember that Harry Reid is amazing and gave the Bush administration Hell.
I'm no Trump fan by any stretch of the imagination, but this is truly rich coming from the guy who said on the Senate floor that Romney never paid any taxes.
Last I checked the Cold War ended decades ago - why is it illegal to have "ties" to Russia, especially as a businessman? Baby boomers need to grow up, Russia isn't the enemy anymore.
It's not illegal, but trumps ties seem to indicate collusion between his campaign and Russia.
Sounds like a conspiracy theory to me - probably just business ties if anything. Maybe selling literal ties?
Is it cold in Moscow yet?
Harry Reid has a history of [lying during election season](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2012/aug/06/harry-reid/harry-reid-says-anonymous-source-told-him-mitt-rom/) and even [bragged about it](http://www.newsmax.com/Politics/Harry-Reid-Mitt-Romney-2012-election-taxes/2015/04/01/id/635842/). That and the fact that he's retiring after this term should be setting off everyone's bullshit detector.
Politifact wasn't considered partisan until it became overwhelmed by one candidate's incessant lying this year. This candidate broke factchecking to the point that most of the media appears to be rigged.
So, ONE ill-informed statement and that makes his entire career moot and him a liar? And Trump gets a pass. Oh wait he's never told a single lie! What an honest man!
It wasn't ill informed, it was a lie. Hilariously enough it was a lie under extremely similar circumstances to the current situation and he gloated over it, so I dunno who you think you're kidding here. And believe it or not, it's actually possible to call Harry Reid out on his BS without being a Trump supporter. Did you consider the possibility that I hate them both and think they're both liars?
What he's saying makes sense, it seems VERY politically motivated for him to reopen the investigation now, and ESPECIALLY say that there's "pertinent information" when he hasn't even READ the emails.
> ONE ill-informed statement It wasn't ill-informed, it was a blatant lie meant to discredit the opposing candidate, and Reid said as much. In his eyes it did not matter that it was clearly a lie, and transparently so, because it harmed Romney.
"Hillary Clinton is the founder of ISIS". And before you say it was rhetorical he was given the chance to claim that and instead he doubled down. What's your stance on politically motivated lies now?
It wasn't I'll informed, it was a ploy and a lie. Romney thought he was too good to release goods taxes and he got punished. Poor old Romney held all the cards in that moment, and he decided his taxes contained information more damning than speculation that he hadn't paid at all. It was brilliant political maneuvering on Reid's part, so it's worth considering that he's doing the same thing again.
This sub is getting ridicoulus, you can blame Trump for 1000 reasons, but this is pure cognitive dissonance from Clintons supporters.
Good to see our law enforcement community finally doing some real work.
This sub is officially worse than /r/conspiracy, you fucking hacks!
* Posts in The Donald in all Caps * Calls other people hacks Right.
Hey now. Nothing is worse than /r/conspiracy. This sub isn't upvoting photos of dead astronauts on mars... Yet.
They had atleast a photoshoped pics, in this article you have NOTHING.
After his 2012 stunt of railing against Mitt Romney in the senate floor and lying about his taxes for several days only to excuse his actions with the statement "he didn't win did he," anything said by Reid in relation to an election, particularly attacks on the other party, must he taken with a 1 meter square grain of salt.
Reid is a wild conspiracy theorist. He made up nonsense about Romney, and now he's trying to obfuscate and muddy the waters with the red-scare Russian conspiracy theories.
Harry Reid is a disgrace to American politics. Throwing baseless accusations at the Director of the FBI?? Disgusting. Not to mention he has a history of deliberately lying to sabotage a campaign *then bragged about it*.
ITT: lunatics defending the lunacy of Harry Reid LMFAO
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/09/15/harry-reid-lied-about-mitt-romneys-taxes-hes-still-not-sorry/ > Our own Fact Checker gave Reid Four Pinocchios for his "no taxes" claim. PolitiFact gave the claim a "Pants on Fire" rating. > Yet Reid (D-Nev.) not only refuses to retract the allegation but also seems to take great pride in it. When pressed by CNN's Dana Bash last year about continuing to defend a statement that is not true, Reid responded, "Romney didn't win, did he?"
While I don't agree with Reid's theory......what in the hell does that have to do with this thread?
>what does this man's track record of making bald faced lies have to do with this unfalsifiable statement he just made durr
Yeah I got that....it's still completely out of context. Instead of arguing a point you just linked to a 4 year old incident that has nothing to do with this story. You say it's relevant because it shows he's lied in the past and that somehow means any and everything he says is a lie.....that's ridiculous. Trump, Clinton, every politician, me, and you have all lied in the past. That doesn't mean that anything and everything we say after that is automatically disqualified. So while I think Reid is being moronic here. You're reasoning as to why it's wrong is even dumber.
He said something that put a presidential candidate behind the 8 ball whether he refuted it or ignored it, then bragged later what an amazing lie it was and how the ends justified the means so hard. Now he claims to have damning info about a presidential candidate that nobody can legally say he does not. It's an extremely similar situation, you're being farcically naïve.
I was waiting for Reid to say he had a list of names in his pocket.
I am convinced now we are in a wacked out simulation. Joystick broken on chaos mode.
If only Harry Reid wasn't known for being hyper-corrupt, pathologically dishonest, and for losing a fight with a rubber stretch band.
What's next? Comey and Weiner are russian plants?
I sincerely truly hope none of you actually believe Comey is in bed with the Russians...
No man that's tomorrow's excuse
No, no of course not. It's Trump in bed with the Russians. He's probably a double-dodeca-secret sleeper agent the KGB planted back in the late 70s. The smoking gun is in his tax returns, but until we get them we won't have proof!
No, I think it's the idea that Comey isn't sending Congress letters about the status of any other investigation, when it's been speculated that they're investigating Trump's ties to Putin.
Did you read what he wrote? He criticised that the FBI is sitting on info about Trump/Russia ties and won't speak but give updates about Clinton.
Thats NOT at all what was said. What WAS said is that the FBI is investigating Trump as well but is only giving public updates on the Clinton investigation.
When the news came out that Hillary wouldn't be charged Dems praised Comey while GOPers called him a hack. Now they switched sides. Both of these parties are garbage. I believe Comey is a good guy doing what he thinks is best. I say let the facts play out. If he did find emails of interest and didn't act it would look really bad. Just let them do there job.
> If he did find emails of interest and didn't act it would look really bad. Just let them do there job. He hasn't seen the emails as he has no warrant, so he has no idea whether they are of interest.
They have a warrant. http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/31/us/politics/justice-department-warrant-clinton-abedin-fbi.html?_r=0
Jimmy Comey is a seriously flawed little man that was scared by his subordinates into blundering into this action. He is a boneless shitty excuse for a leader and even a human. He will be a nonexistant sidenote in the history of this country. He may even be the useless author of the rise of the horrible and needless rise of the NSA in our nation. Resign Jimmy, you worthless piece of shit.
A little man? He is 6'8" tall.
> He may even be the useless author of the rise of the horrible and needless rise of the NSA in our nation He has nothing to do with the NSA.
I think his point is that the FBI's complete incompetence under Comey has let the NSA gain more power than it should have regarding domestic affairs. I may be wrong tho
Lol, u mad?
Hear that boys? That's the sound of the Democratic Party eating itself.
Aww, it's cute how desperate you are to see that play out for the DNC after watching the GOP wither for a few months. Comey is a Republican so it's hard to see how Reid's statement is he party "eating itself". Of course, you did not know he was a Republican, so I forgive you.
We need to know what Loretta Lynchs connections to the campaign are, we need to know this immediately
Lol
Rrail LOLin away the trumpbots! Right on d00d <3
What else is there to do with these idiots? They live in an alternate reality.
Harry Reid is a bag of fucks.
1. Hear news that Comey doesn't recommend charges the first time around 2. Say "He made the right choice and did his job" 3. Hear the FBI is reopening the case a second time due to possible new evidence 4. Say "Comey is the REAL criminal, he has a grudge against HRC! He's influencing the election!"
Harry Reid is a complete and utter scumbag. How he continues to get re-elected speaks volumes about the people of Nevada. He might even be a bigger scumbag than Alan Grayson.
>"Muh Russians" This is the expression uttered by increasingly desperate Hillary supporters. Yes the "Russians" hacked Huma's computer and put all her emails on Weiner's computer and then pretended to be a 15 year old girl looking to hookup with Weiner online.
They're also the only ones that could have possibly cracked Podesta's "P@ssw0rd"
Well, Reid's been known to lie sooooo. Plus, Hillary has ties to Russia and Uranium.
You people have so little faith in Hillary being legit, that the very idea of this case being reopened has you turning into fucking /r/conspiracy
Guess the democrats cant attack russia this time so they attack Comey No one to blame but Hillary guys, come on
ohh please
Who do you trust the FBI or literally the worse democrat. https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20140521/18112427320/harry-reid-bows-down-to-trial-lawyers-big-pharma-killing-patent-reform.shtml
"James Comey is a Russian Agent trying to rig the Election" -The democrats. No really, this doesn't you look crazy and paranoid at all.
This article doesn't say anything of the sort.
Well trump has OBVIOUS ties to russia and he's the God of the Alt-R(acist)ight
Nobody is saying that.
This is the Romney didn't pay taxers for 10 years and I have proof guy. Turns out romney did pay taxes, Reid's response "it worked didn't it." The guy is a liar who has spend decades using his position in public service to become very very wealthy.
This actually seems kind of dumb of Reid. Not only does he not have the best track record of allegations (remember Romney's tax returns in the last election?), but Comey now seems to have the right to defend himself. Just imagine if he holds a press conference to lay out his reasoning for both aspects: > HEADLINE: Harry Reid accuses Comey of sitting on proof of Trump-Russia ties [...] *Comey: I have no evidence of Trump-Russia ties, but the new emails that have come to light etc etc.* The media would have a fucking field day. The crawl across the bottom of CNN would be "Trump cleared of Russian ties". Meanwhile, the email melodrama continues. Plus, it keeps the issue alive and in the press, when ideally you'd want it to die quietly over the weekend and hope to fuck the election day voters forget fast. This is one of those moves that *seems* like a very clever idea at first, but if Comey takes the opportunity to publicly defend himself and he says he's got nothing on Trump, blame Reid for provoking him.
Maybe Comeys investigation into Trumps Russia connections isn't finished? He didn't comment on he Clinton investigation until it was finished and then again when they found more evidence and resumed their investigation. I'm sure once his investigation into Trump is done he will say something especially if there is enough evidence to indict.
Reid has sealed his fate when Hillry loses. We all knew he was a political hack but this is next level political hackery. The DNC will sink with him. Can't wait Til brother Comey says that there was hundreds or thousands of undisclosed emails. Reid can fuck himself
He's totally going to lose his reelection bid in november. He's not even on the ballot!
His fate of peaceful retirement? Hes out of the senate before Clinton will even be inaugurated.
We should all believe in this Kiddy-Diddler's accusations. He's known as someone who never lies. lol. I just wonder whether he met Bill Clinton on a tarmac for 38 minutes to discuss golf and grandchildren like Attorney General Lynch.
