As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil) * Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks) * Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail. * In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users. * Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not. Incivility results in escalating bans from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own. *** *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
How do I hide this pro civil discussion bot? Literally Trump=Hitler, but we're supposed to be civil. Lol
How can you list all these un-biased rules as a Mod yet the article is literally referring to Trump as Hitler 2.0 I think you r/politics people are drinking a little bit too much of the Clinton punch. Which tastes like money. I'll gladly shut my trap for some of that punch.
Lol you used the word "people" to describe them. This default subreddit is a joke! TRUMP IS WINNING AND THEY ARE SCARED!!
[deleted]
I thought the same thing when I saw "is for civil discussion". Comparing Trump to Hitler is in no way civil. I'm not sure how one could argue it is.
But didn't you read the article? Trump has hate in his heart, so did Hitler! CONNECTION /s
Read the article dumbass.
Did you read the article? Do you know history? Trump is not being called Hitler. His rhetoric, his lies, his absolutist positions, and his rabid nativist followers all pose striking parallels to the rise of Hitler. And this is civil discussion. This is not the_donald, where you are banned for questions. People with other views will challenge you, but if you believe debating historical analogues is by definition incivility, then there are larger flaws in your reasoning.
Yea, this is comparing Trump to Hitler. That's what I said. And that's what the article is doing. That's even what you argued. I have truly have no idea why you chose to write that comment.
Im all up for civil discussion. I believe Hillarys military-industrial beliefs mirror Hitlers facist regime's rise from post Versaille poverty, albeit with a globalist, neoconservative face. How is Trumps populist rise akin to Hitlers?
**His rise is exactly like Adolf Hitler's** *… but only to people who don't know a fucking thing about Weimar Republic era history.* &nbsp; Has History class been made a *Common Core* subject or something? Did I miss this? Are we living in Idiocracy? Why would *anyone* even consider this a remotely valid historical analogy? Some of these people are f'kn nuts.
In 1923 Hitler tried to take over his government by force but was arrested and placed in prison. In 1933, Hitler won only 44% of the seats in the Reichstag even though he was using terror tactics to get people to vote for him. To get absolute power he posted armed people inside and "convinced" them to vote for an act that gave him all the power he needed. Also in 1933, Hitler had his own force called the SA. He killed their leader (who was one of his big supporters) because the guy wanted to do the socialist revolution part of national socialist (redistribute the wealth) now that the nationalist one was taken care of. He also killed a lot of other people in his own party to consolidate his power. And there's a lot more. Trump is just a demagogue or someone who says what people want to hear and is good at it, he's not at all like Hitler.
I am so glad to see you at the top. I've lost all hope for r/politics. These types of posts show such a sad, willful ignorance at the atrocities carried out by Hitler and the third Reich. Trump is a business man who has had no political aspiration. Ignorant? Yes. Brash and insulting? Sure. A genocidal maniac looking to exterminate a whole race of people while conquering the world for the Arian race? Hardly. Grow up reddit. You lose all credibility and are exact mirror opposites of those you hate most when you propagate this garbage.
[He is more Mussolini than Hitler.](http://www.salon.com/2016/03/11/trumps_not_hitler_hes_mussolini_how_gop_anti_intellectualism_created_a_modern_fascist_movement_in_america/)
Was Hitler still in prison when he ran for Reichstag, or had they released him by then?
Exactly, Trump clearly isn't Hitler. He's Mussolini.
Well if we're comparing things that hitler actually did i guess the whole argument falls flat on it's ass because trump hasn't killed 6 million jews (yet?). The comparison is about how someone like hitler might rise to power in a seemingly peaceful and well-meaning society. No one is even arguing that he will ever do anything that hitler did.
I don't think many people are suggesting he is exactly like Hitler, but the principles of his approach to campaigning are worryingly close, to the point where they are virtually identical. These principles include: demonize minority groups, reframe all the country's problems using simplistic soundbites, find someone to scapegoat . . . And most important of all: overwhelm your audience with lies. Tell so many lies, so blatantly that your enemies cannot keep up with you. By the time they have demolished the first one, you've told another 10. Hitler's right hand PR man the very warm and lovely Joseph Goebbels famously said, "If you repeat a lie often enough, people will believe you and you will even come to believe it yourself." This lies at the heart of Trump's strategy. And it clearly works as well for him as it did for Hitler. Trump's rating has hovered around the 44% mark which was, as you rightly say, what Hitler achieved in the 1933 election.
The closest thing to fascism this election cycle is the bullying and riots directed and supporters of an opposing political party. And, guess who was doing all the rioting? It wasn't even close. All the violence against Trump supporters had a chilling effect that we haven't seen in this country for generations.
I find the comparison to be much more meaningful if you try and compare nazi supporters of the time with hard-line alt-right supporters.
But if you Also look at hillary's past, she will say anything to get elected. obama even said it while campaigning: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igER94QFe4I
Trump is an entertainer and I would think more interested in the title than the job. He's basically going to delegate most of the presidential responsibilities.
> Hitler won only 44% of the seats in the Reichstag even though he was using terror tactics to get people to vote for him. To get absolute power he posted armed people inside and "convinced" them to vote for an act that gave him all the power he needed. Trump is literally trying to do this. [He's getting armed people to hang around outside polls in high minority or democrat leaning areas to dissuade voters,](http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/09/2016-election-pennsylvania-polls-voters-trump-clinton-214297) terror tactics to scare people into voting for him. Presumably he'll continue the tactic if it works once, as he's shown no qualms about asking 'second amendment people' to assassinate his political enemies.
And is this different than directly hiring people to start riots at your competition's locations? No. Not really. Or how about attempting to drone strike political dissidents, like good ol' Warhawk Hil? If we're to take one or two examples and conclude "Hitler", then both Hillary and Donald are Literally Hitler.
Nothing you just implied Hillary did or wanted to do is true.
You're a fucking liar.
The hired protestors who intended to create violence has no evidence backing it up. The only reason anyone thinks that is because of O'keefs videos, and O'keef has a long history of deceptively editing interviews to push a false agenda. He has gone as far in the past to edit footage to make it look like an organization was willing to work with him to traffic humans, and when we got the full unedited footage we learned everything about that claim was absolute bullshit. You are beyond gullible if you think his newest video stints are anything but the same garbage. The claims about Hillary wanting to drone strike "political dissidents" is what I can only imagine is a reference to the nonsensical conspiracy theory about how hillary suggested drone striking Assange. Which is utter nonsense, the email that is being cited merely mentioned "non-legal" ways to deal with him, which means using political pressure on him or those who support him, as opposed to relying on a court system. And that email wasn't even sent by Hillary, just someone in the state department. Nor was it even a suggestion of what should be done, just a discussion about all the options of what could be done.
Your description of the Röhm Putsch is not really correct
Also, their hair is so different. And besides, I've never seen Trump with a moustache. And I don't even think Hitler spoke English. ...way to miss the point there, buddy.
> Trump is just a demagogue or someone who says what people want to hear and is good at it, he's not at all like Hitler. you might ruin the trump = hitler circle-jerk
Read the actual article.
Read it, its stupid just like the Hitler/Trump circle-jerk. I can make comparisons to Bernie and Hitler as well. It would be just as stupid as the Trump/Hitler circle-jerk.
Not as stupid
But I just bought all these cool Hugo Boss black shirts!
Pshhh what?? Trump is literally Hitler
literally Hitler!
The circle-jerk that you imagined in your head to fuel an unfounded hate because of your insecurities? That circle jerk?
Did you bring the lube? I used mine all up last /r/politics thread
Ooooh sick burn bro. Did you come up with that yourself?
lololol havent heard this phrase since high school
I was being serious. You really do like Trump because you are an unstable, unskilled and unloved person, probably because of ancestral weaknesses somewhere down the line.
Except I don't support Trump. Thinking people comparing Trump to Hitler are morons does not obligate those people to support him, but you know another sick burn, bro. You're two for two with your clever burns!!! Try for 3 bro.
I don't understand how you can recognize that Trump is a textbook demagogue and still support him.
Does he actually support trump though? I don't support trump, but I try to reduce hysteria and restore sanity where possible in discussion. Usually winds up with me being accused of being a bigot.
I checked their post history (the juxtaposition of their username and final paragraph forced me to) and they are indeed a Trump supporter. It's baffling.
Duh, because he has some arbitrary differences between himself and Hitler, so obviously all the parts about him that are comparable to Hitler are now invalid.
Isn't this just a list of things that Trump is doing differently, opposed to the list of things that Hitler did the same? Obviously they are not identical or even close, times and circumstances are very different for both the individuals and countries, but to say that they aren't similar because EVERYTHING isn't exactly the same is pretty disingenuous. They are both anti democratic demagogues with fragile egos who have promised to return a fictitious and highly edited version of "the good old days" to a fan base that they do not personally represent or resemble and whom support them even though the political ideals of the leader are contrary to what should be the best interests of their population.
>because EVERYTHING isn't exactly the same Hitler's violence was the key part of his rise to power. It isn't a minor detail. The 1923 coup attempt was a pivotal moment.
But there are still major similarities... That is the point. A 15% similarity to Hitler is a big red flag, saying that he is 85% not like Hitler shouldn't be a selling point. I see him more in the 40% Hilteresque percentile but will conceded that that is subjective. But isn't the point that a populist demagogue with fragile egos who have promised to return a fictitious and highly edited version of "the good old days" to a fan base that they do not personally represent or resemble and whom support them even though the political ideals of the leader are contrary to what should be the best interests of their population is a dangerous thing because of what happened in 1930's Germany?
>But there are still major similarities... No. Trump is law abiding while Hitler was a violent thug. I don't see why you're so eager to whitewash Hitler's rise to power. He was violent. >15% >85% >40% You're putting numbers on things that can't be quantified. >whom "Who" is correct in that context.
I'm not whitewashing Hitler in any way. The fact that Trump isn't violent doesn't stop him from being comparable to Hitler in other important ways. YOU are the one that thinks that there is a quantifiable amount of similarities to make that a significant or insignificant factor. You then demonstrate that that is silly by apparently not reading what I said, so... thanks? You then identified an obvious yet inconsequential grammatical typo covered in a middle school curriculum and then passed it off as superior knowledge... congratulations on actually saying something factual and on point in this thread.
>YOU are the one that thinks that there is a quantifiable amount of similarities to make that a significant or insignificant factor. Please quote where I tried to quantify a non-quantifiable factor. Protip: you can't. >You then identified an obvious yet inconsequential grammatical typo covered in a middle school curriculum and then passed it off as superior knowledge... I didn't try to pass anything off as "superior knowledge." That part of my comment was simply a correction with no additional commentary. If you saw an insult there, you imagined it. You sound extremely angry. Do you know who else was angry? Hitler.
Clearly if you feel the violence that was committed by Hitler is the determining factor as to if there is valid comparisons between his and Trump's early platforms. If that is so then you feel there is a quantifiable amount of information concerning what is or is not allowed in a discussion about comparing the two. You said "Hitler's violence was the key part of his rise to power. It isn't a minor detail." While that is true this statement implicitly means that that detail is quantifiably more important than the other dozen or so comparisons being made. You then say that weighing one aspect of their histories against another subjectively (which was my point entirely) is pointless due to its' very subjective nature. This is contrary to your argument that the violent nature of Hitlers rise should be the determining quality to consider when comparing the two. So protip: I did. Protip #2: Don't use "protip" in an argument, it really really makes you sound about 16. The point of this is to have an idea, a point of view or something interesting to pass on and defend and to learn. No one will take you seriously outside of the echo chamber if you present yourself the way you do. That is not an ad hominem attack as you think either, it is a refute of your arguments from authority as all of your points are simply "This is what I think, it is right" with out any substance. If you think I am angry then I feel that you may be projecting a bit. That is an ad hominem attack, see the difference?
>>Please quote >So protip: I did. So where's the quote buddy? Please quote where I tried to quantify a non-quantifiable factor. >That is an ad hominem attack It isn't. Please don't use words you don't understand.
I dunno, he's recently been alluding to "international bankers" and a global conspiracy against him. That's Protocols of the Elders of Zion-level anti-semitism.
So Trump talked about international bankers and you interpreted that to mean Jews. But *he's* the anti-semitist..?
Are you seriously that ignorant? Knowing the history of anti-semitism and historical conspiracy theories related to it makes *me* anti-semitic because I recognize someone using exactly the same line of thinking and words? Additionally, you would say "anti-semite", not "anti-semitist", but you clearly don't know what you're talking about.
It's almost as if bankers in general *are* the scum of the Earth, completely regardless of whether they're Jewish or not. 2008 was proof of that.
That does not even address the issue. Trump regularly spouts conspiracy theory BS, and the implications of this one are clear for anyone remotely informed.
Sorry but you can't have it both ways. Trump has said nothing bad about Jews. In fact he's very pro Israel and refers to the state as inspiration to him. For him to have a go at international banking agencies and for you to infer that that makes him an anti-semite makes no sense and only exposes your weird world views and penchant for stereotypes. Your accusation that he's an anti-semite is baseless.
Yes, Hitler himself was in favor of a homeland for the Jews. Really great rebuttal! No, it says I actually [know history](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Protocols_of_the_Elders_of_Zion#Structure_and_content). >For example, the Protocols includes plans to subvert the morals of the non-Jewish world, plans for Jewish bankers to control the world's economies, plans for Jewish control of the press, and – ultimately – plans for the destruction of civilization. I'm not alone in this. You are just astoundingly ignorant of anti-semitism. http://www.jta.org/2016/10/14/news-opinion/politics/donald-trumps-conspiracy-theories-stir-uneasy-echoes >Hillary Clinton meets in secret with international banks to plot the destruction of U.S. sovereignty in order to enrich these global financial powers, her special interest friends and her donors How can you be so blatantly ignorant about what you're talking about and keep replying? It's very clearly allusory to the same exact kind of sentiment.
I should also add that if he's an anti-Semite then he's doing a pretty terrible job raising his family considering his daughter and grandchildren are Jewish.
> Trump is just a demagogue or someone who says what people want to hear and is good at it, he's not at all like Hitler. Trump isn't like Genocide-Hitler because he hasn't started a program of genocide, or invaded Russia. He hasn't even come to power. His political rhetoric matches Rising-Hitler's, from a time where Hitler seemed like a buffoon. 1. Blame the minorities, the Mexicans, the *rapist Mexicans* (recall the Jews sexually dirtying the pure German race?). 2. Promise to bring America *back* to a time of glory after being ruled by degenerates (Weimar; Obama) 3. Speaks in meaningless generalities and certainties. 4. Could mention that Trump's ["I would take their oil"](http://www.nationalreview.com/article/421825/donald-trump-foreign-policy-middle-east-oil) resembles Lebensraum a tiny bit. 4. Wants to throw opponents in prison. The question addressed is "How could a loud-mouthed buffoon like Hitler have come to power?" and the author's answer is "Look at Trump; at this stage, Hitler wasn't so different." Or another way of putting it, instead of saying "Trump is like Hitler" is "Before the genocide and war, Hitler was a lot like Trump."
> Could mention that Trump's "I would take their oil" resembles Lebensraum a tiny bit. Lebensraum was the policy of gaining "living space" for the German people. Hitler wanted to achieve this by annexing eastern Europe until the Ural mountains, then expelling or killing 50 to 90 percent of the native populations depending on race in order for the land to be colonised by Germans. How in any way does this resemble "I would take their oil". Fuck dude can you learn history please, what the fuck do they teach you in school? I'm fucking triggered tbh, you can not in any reasonable way compare Donald Trump to the actual, pure evil of the nazis.
The best part about all of this is it misses the best parallel between Hitler and Trump, An angry, downtrodden group that is either marked as racist, bigoted or sexist. They work their entire life as cannon fodder and then get told their opinions mean nothing. It is not unlike Brexit. it was viewed as a joke until it won and the losing side went into full fuck the democratic process, I should get to decide how the winning side implements the will of the majority. Hitler himself put it perfectly. "A new state does not come from the clouds, but must grow from the people themselves" Every Time a mass rape attack in germany by immigrants is hidden by the police, every time the media clambers to put a spin on some form of terrorist attack and delays knowing full well it was a Muslim and so on the group will grow and no amount of pandering or disregarding of opinion by labeling it as racist will stop it when they are the majority.
Pre-Nazi Germans were not "an angry, downtrodden group that is either marked as racist, bigoted or sexist."
This just made me realize something: what if Trump runs again in the next election (if he loses this one)? Hitler made several attempts to power before getting it. I can just imagine Trump running again next time. If he runs as a republican, it'd be funny/tragic if he gets the nomination again. If he runs as third party, he'd definitely drain the republicans of a big chunk of their past voters.
Technically, this is not his first run. He ran as a reform candidate a few elections ago. This isn't his first move, but it is by far his most successful, and if he were to lose, it's unlikely he would do this well again.
Trump doesn't have to be Hitler for his rise to power to be instructive about some of the ways Hitler was able to do the same.
Yeah the op is completely missing the forest for the trees here...
The idea isn't that Trump is literally following in the footsteps of Hitler and will enact the same policies as the Nazis and rule like them. The idea is that we have a demagogue appealing to the baser interests of our country who has time and again attacked basic tenets of democracy. He has spent the last five years undermining the legitimacy of the sitting president and now he has started undermining the legitimacy of our entire system by creating the completely baseless fear that the election will be "rigged." His rhetoric at his rallies is nothing like we've ever seen before in American politics. He has openly cheered violence at his rallies and told his supporters he would pay for their legal representation. He has stoked anger at the media and suggested that he will crack down on the press if elected. In a presidential debate he threatened his opponent with being thrown in jail after he is sworn in to office. He has openly courted white supremacists. He has crossed so many lines in American politics that we have no idea what is coming next.
> . He has openly cheered violence at his rallies and told his supporters he would pay for their legal representation. Liar Liar Liar. He said if anyone defends themselves from the violence and disruptions at his rallies, which has been proven through wikileaks to be from the DNC, that he would pay for their defense. E: the rest of your post is just as full of nonsense and non-context as what I quoted. sheesh.
At a Michigan rally in March Trump told the crowd ["Get him out. Try not to hurt him. If you do, I'll defend you in court."](http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/mar/5/donald-trump-gives-supporters-permissions-be-viole/) What is nonsense and non-context about saying he has undermined Obama's legitimacy for five years? Over and over and over again he called into question the legitimacy of his citizenship, riling up the most racist and ignorant amongst us. Now he undermining the entire democratic process by basically telling people that their votes don't count, or they'll be changed, or they'll be thrown away, or other people will be voting multiple times. He hasn't stoked anger at the media? [The Committee to Protect Journalists, which fights for press rights throughout the world, argued that "Donald Trump, through his words and actions as candidate for president of the United States, has consistently betrayed First Amendment values." They then passed a resolution "declaring Trump an unprecedented threat to the rights of journalists."](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/15/us/politics/trump-media-attacks.html) He didn't [threaten to jail Hillary if he wins?](http://www.cnn.com/2016/10/09/politics/eric-holder-nixon-trump-presidential-debate/)
When you say 'never been seen before in American politics,' what specifically are you referring to? There's a remarkable history of ad hominem attacks and exaggerated bs from a lot of - if not the majority of - politicians in US presidential history
A presidential candidate who openly brags about sexually assaulting women. A presidential candidate who makes incestuous remarks about his own daughter. A candidate who continuously attacks women. A candidate who attacks the family of a fallen soldier. A candidate who threatens his competitor with jail. Who stokes violence at his rallies. Who belittles the heroism of a POW. Who refuses to release his tax returns. A candidate who denigrates the attractiveness of a competitor's wife. A candidate who claims the debate moderator was on her period, which is why she was so viscous toward him. A candidate that threatened to fire generals and claims he knows more than them. A candidate who claims the election will be rigged against him. Who threatened to block all immigration of a certain religious group. And on and on and on. Yes, there have always been lying, disingenuous politicians who have used innuendo and obviously ad hominem attacks. But Trump's entire campaign is unprecedented. What candidates/politicians do you have in mind as precedents for Trump?
> he has started undermining the legitimacy of our entire system by creating the completely baseless fear that the election will be "rigged." If you'd take some time to review some of the documents from the DNC-leaks or the myriad of authentic information out there pointing towards corruption, you'd probably start to question the legitimacy of American democracy yourself. In retrospect, it's evident that the democrats conspired against Sanders from the get-go, and that they're willing to undermine a fair, democratic process to further their goals. If they can do it to their own, do you really think they'd have any qualms doing it to a political opponent from an opposing party? If you think it's a "baseless fear" you're the naive one.
Great point, and frankly the biggest example of the Democrats subverting democracy was Obamacare. A law pushed with blatant lies like savings on Health insurance and that you can keep your doctor. Subsequently this disaster met with such feverish resistance that a Republican senator was elected in Massachusetts to replace Ted Kennedy to stop it. Yet the Democrats ignored the people and rammed it through via legislative shenanigans ie. reconciliation. They even took a victory lap with big gavel pelosi leading the way to taunt the protesters, as the Democrats basked in their power over the peasants. We later find out that they knew we would lose our doctors and were depending on the "stupidity" of the American people. And now we have year after year of skyrocketing premiums, absurd deductibles and narrow doctor networks as a testament to the power hungry Democrat establishment politicians.
I've read those documents and understand fully what the DNC did to Bernie Sanders. Trump has started promoting the "rigged" theme to have an excuse when he probably loses this election. Trump was talking about voter fraud happening at the polls and asked his people to start monitoring them. He has since expanded on this theme to complaint of vote switching on machines in Texas and the idea that mail-in ballots in Colorado will be thrown away if they vote the "wrong way." He has also repeatedly said that the media is "rigging" the election by the way it has covered him, when he is well aware that he has no candidacy without the media coverage he has been receiving since the summer of 2015 when he announced his candidacy. And critiquing the way he is covered means he doesn't want his words used against him, for instance when he is bragging about sexually assaulting women because as a celebrity he could get away with it. Or when he makes sexually suggestive comments about his own daughter. Or when he attacks the parents of a fallen soldier or claims that John McCain isn't a war hero because he spent five and-a-half years at the Hanoi Hilton and refused to be released early when his freedom was offered to him as the son of an admiral, and stayed until every man imprisoned before him was freed. The DNC can't possibly do to Trump what they did to Sanders as he is not a Democrwt competing with Clinton for resources and delegates. They certainly could cook up other things, but it's impossible for them to do the same things.
Screw the relativism. What exactly did the DNC do that was so damn bad, to Bernie? Seriously. Did the DNC's actions cost him any single state in the Primary? People act like nobody inside a freaking political party is allowed to discuss their preferences.
I don't think anyone actually knows. The worst that can be said is that they had a bias. As if that's never happened. People also act like no one in America voted for Clinton, when it wasn't even particularly close.
You mean like how Hillary actively worked for and promoted one of the biggest white supremacists in the country or we just forgetting that?
Working with Robert Byrd pales in comparison to constantly using the fear of Mexicans, Muslims, and others as a foundation of his candidacy. He tiptoed around the idea that David Duke and other white supremacists had endorsed him- at first disavowing any knowledge or connection with David Duke before distancing himself from him- but never openly stating he does not want the support of white supremacists. A major component of the idea of "Make America Great Again" is the feeling amongst white men that they were in better shape long ago. The most telling moment related to all of this came last week at a Trump rally. A black supporter attempted to get to the stage and give Trump a note he had written (fittingly about how he needs to tone down the rhetoric against people and focus on what he will do to make things better). [Trump accused him of being a protestor, called him a "thug," and had him removed from the rally](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/10/29/trump-booted-a-black-man-from-his-rally-and-called-him-a-thug-turns-out-he-is-a-supporter/). Your comment is in line with the false equivalency we have been hearing throughout the election. Edit: and then there was this- they looked at who 10,000 Trump and Clinton supporters on Twitter were following: [16 of the Clinton supporters were following a prominent white supremacist. Over 3,500 of the Trump supporters were following a prominent white supremacist.](http://www.esquire.com/news-politics/news/a50128/trump-supporters/)
Why do you insist it is fear that drives people to want to employ common sense on occasion? Blindly letting just anyone into our country when we can't even take care of the people we already have here is a major issue for me. Once the homeless Americans have someplace to call home, then start worrying about foreigners.
If Trump had run a campaign based on common sense he might have been able to take the field down during the primaries; we'll never know. He hasn't been concerned with common sense when he is throwing out inflammatory rhetoric. Talking about constructing a wall that [one engineer estimated would require 12 million cubic feet of concrete and need more steel rebar than melting down four aircraft carriers would provide](http://www.nationalmemo.com/an-engineer-explains-why-trumps-wall-is-so-implausible/) is not about applying common sense. Trying to block the entry of members of the second-largest faith group on earth is not common sense. Continually insinuating that [the vetting system for our refugee program](https://www.whitehouse.gov/blog/2015/11/20/infographic-screening-process-refugee-entry-united-states) is either non-existent or criminally lenient is not common sense. Common sense would mean talking openly and honestly about the actual [downward trend in illegal immigration](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/federal-eye/wp/2016/01/20/u-s-illegal-immigrant-population-falls-below-11-million-continuing-nearly-decade-long-decline-report-says/), in part due to economic conditions since the Great Recession. And in general, common sense would be communicating to people in communities all over the country who feel left behind in this globalizing world that he has plans to help them compete in this new economy.
Then maybe stop calling every Republican candidate Hitler and cool your jets and we'll cool ours.
And who would that be, again?
> His rhetoric at his rallies is nothing like we've ever seen before in American politics. You're really going to have to prove that statement. It really shows that you have no idea what you're talking about. > Huey Long: "[A] mob is coming to hang the other ninety-five of you damn scoundrels and I'm undecided whether to stick here with you or go out and lead them."
Let me be more specific. In my lifetime, Trump is beyond the pale in his incitement of a crowd. This is not anywhere near the normal rhetoric used by Ford, Carter, Reagan, Mondale, H.W. Bush, Dukakis, B. Clinton, Dole, Gore, W. Bush, Kerry, Obama, McCain, Romney or H. Clinton. I have no idea what I'm talking about? So Trump has not undermined Obama for the last five years, insinuating that he was born in Kenya in order to undermine our first black president and appeal to the most racist and ignorant among us. So he's not undermining the legitimacy of our entire political system by planting doubts into people's minds about whether or not their vote will count or others will be voting multiple times. There are no political rallies that I know of where the candidate stokes the crowds anger at the journalists covering the event to the point where they scream at them. There has never been a presidential candidate who threatened his opponent with jail.
> Let me be more specific. In my lifetime, You're not being more specific, you're backtracking. Read up on the Jackson campaign. I know that you haven't.
Do tell us, in detail, how Jackson's candidacy in any way looks like Trumps campaign.
\*tips fedora* Well said, fellow Reddit intellectual!
None of which makes him anything like Hitler.
The article could have been titled "So this is how an anti-democratic demagogue comes to power in a democracy."
I think there are slight parallels. The idea isn't he is Hitler. You can make the argument that if he was actually violent it would be different. However, he did write about how the central park 5 should be put to death. If you're going to point out certain differences I suggest also pointing out that Trump doesn't have the same freedom away from the press. Anyone would understand that. However he is trying to open up libel laws and would push that issue if he became president. Absolute power corrupts and Trump has already showed signs of wanting to abuse that power. he said he'll order the military to commit war crimes and other things. Hitler actually got his hands dirty. Trump won't. that's the difference as you pointed out. That doesn't mean he won't abuse his powers and get others to do it for him.
So...you didn't read the article. Got it.
While everything you say is correct that is not the topic of the article. The article is about how someone like Hitler was possible and the emergence of such a movement or to use a quote >Nonetheless, some of the elements of the Nazi ascent to power, as well as the emergence of other totalitarian regimes in Europe at the time, can provide clues and early warning signs to explain Trump’s success in the Republican primaries and his continuing popularity as we approach the presidential elections. Even your last sentence that you used, as a counterexample was mentioned in the article. The fact that this post that has nothing to do with the article is at the top scares me. Please people only start discussing after you atleast read and hopefully understood the source you are talking about.
> scares me I love when people use this phrase as some sort of justification to their post. But as a reader it makes you seem like a wiener.
> this post that has nothing to do with the article is at the top scares me (1) You're pretty new here, (2) you get scared often, or (3) disingenuous rhetoric.
The author even takes pains to preface it at the front of the article to stave off the knee-jerk response that he expects (and here in the comments we see!) > And please spare me your “how dare you compare” indignation, if you are so inclined. **I do not claim that America is Nazi Germany, that Trump is Hitler or that another Holocaust is just around the corner**. But the blanket ban on using the most discussed, most debated and most researched issue of the 20th century as a reference point for viewing current events is, in my view, beyond ridiculous He is however making comparisons in how they approach their campaign message and audiences. Broad emotive appeals, demonization of the press, simple direct speech, telling them what they want to hear, and appealing to their sense of a glorious past now buried in national humiliation and a promise to return to glory. The article pulls from multiple sources and makes an analysis. Throughout he even sprinkles in key differences in circumstances.
What blanket ban though? People say it constantly. People are allowed to respond to that to say it's a ridiculous comparison. >He is however making comparisons in how they approach their campaign message and audiences. Broad emotive appeals, demonization of the press, simple direct speech, telling them what they want to hear, and appealing to their sense of a glorious past now buried in national humiliation and a promise to return to glory. None of those things are the things that made Hitler a monster, and they are all things that nearly every politician does at some point.
And yet look at what the top post is about.
>None of those things are the things that made Hitler a monster, and they are all things that nearly every politician does at some point. That's exactly right. Trump's political strategy is not a new one. Attacking your opponents and appealing to the populous has been a very common and often successful strategy throughout history. Choosing Adolf Hitler of all people is making a ridiculous and obviously biased comparison.
The article never says Trump is Hitler. It begins by saying he's not the fuhrer. Its message is that for those of us who can't comprehend how people accepted lies & delusional ideas during Hitlers rise, now its easier to grasp. Trump constantly spouts obvious lies & conspiracy theories that are easy to debunk, yet people still support, enable him and drink the kool-aid. That is the only point.
Nuance and r/politics don't often go well together
There are a million other politicians one could use for a point like "Politicians lie and people believe their lies and vote for thugs anyway." Andrew Jackson, for instance. But nobody wants to upvote a comparison between Jackson and Trump.
Andrew Jackson comparisons are a lot less relevant today. Trump is a current candidate.
Are you high? What exactly are you saying?
I think he meant that nobody sits around discussing with curiosity how Andrew Jackson could have been elected. Hitler's rise is definitely of the gold standard of "well fuck how did that happen?" and Trump certainly fits that bill, as does the resurgence of bigotry that's come along with him. I hadn't heard an in-person use of "media" as a dogwhistle for Judaism in my life prior to this campaign.
There's also the comment from a Holocaust survivor AmA where he says Trump is nothing like Hitler and comparing the two is fairly disrespectful.
Here's [a direct interview](http://www.thewrap.com/are-hitler-trump-comparisons-fair-a-holocaust-survivor-tells-his-son/) with a Holocaust survivor about how Trump is like Hitler. [Testimonials](http://www.irishcentral.com/opinion/niallodowd/donald-trump-reminds-holocaust-survivors-of-adolf-hitler) from [other survivors](https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/in-the-age-of-trump-grim-warnings-from-holocaust-survivors/2016/01/27/c65ea38c-c549-11e5-8965-0607e0e265ce_story.html?utm_term=.68d4cac0b884) saying the same. Also, Anne Frank's [step-sister]( http://www.alternet.org/election-2016/anne-franks-stepsister-trump-acting-hitler-other-holocaust-survivors-warn-historical) said it too.
I agree. As a Jew, I find the comparison not only absurd, but disrespectful. Trump may be prone to hyperbole like demagogic leaders from other eras, but ultimately his supporters are clamoring for a restoration of accountability in government to the democratic will of the people. No one in Trump's camp is praying for a strongman to set him/herself up as a modern-day Augustus. It should also be noted that representatives from one party this election cycle have admitted to paying agitators to instigate violence at their opposition's rallies, and it wasn't the Republicans.
>When asked which candidate will better serve Israel’s interests, 34% of the respondents chose Trump and 29% Clinton. http://www.jpost.com/Israel-News/Poll-Israelis-split-on-which-US-presidential-candidate-is-looking-out-for-them-470771 That awkward moment for the /r/politics Goodwin Law circlejerk when Israel thinks the supposed Hitler is more aligned with their interest than Hillary. Here is how Hitler actually rose to power: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adolf_Hitler%27s_rise_to_power Hitler headed a cult and weaseled his way into power by banning every political party in Germany aside from the NSDAP. He tried to lead a violent coup and was arrested and wrote a book about racially cleansing the nation and then taking over large swaths of Europe. Not sure what any of that has to do with Donald Trump. I can't even see a correlation between a businessman who runs clothing lines, reality TV shows, and hotels, and a dictator who has for decades headed a radical political ideology and who advocates eugenics and conquest. But then again [Haaretz has become a radical leftist newpaper that has largely lost any respect it once had and is now dying financially](http://www.thetower.org/article/downfall-of-a-great-newspaper/) so these garbage clickbait articles from them aren't surprising. What is sad that this sub upvotes and circlejerks over this garbage blogspam.
*Godwin's Law. Not Goodwin
I would argue that Bibi and the Likud party are more like Hitler and the Nazis than Trump and his supporters are.
It's the voting base that is similar. Not Trump and Hitler as individuals. Uneducated racist whites would vote Hitler in another time and place. No question in my mind.
Not that it matters what random Israelis think, but the poll says *Jewish* Israelis are split between the two, and it's *Arab* Israelis saying Trump is more in favor of Israel. Since Jewishness is the only reason Israel came into this, seems relevant.
Firstly, the republican party in this country is traditionally pro-Israel. That means anyone poorly informed about this election (Which is likely due to this being Israel, not the US) might be simply saying Trump is more Israel-friendly merely because he is running as a republican. In addition, trump's similarities to Hitler do involve hatred and bigotry focused towards certain demographics, but trump difference in that he isn't going after Jews, he is going after Mexicans and Muslims. I think it is fair to believe that between the ill informed and those who, like you, fail to make the logical connections between trump and Hitler you can get about 30-40% of the Israeli population. >Here is how Hitler actually rose to power: You forgot the part where he, like many other demagogues throughout history, riled a large portion of the population into their camp by pushing forth hatred, fear, bigotry, and nationalism. Hitler did this by claiming that jews are ruining the country (Fear), and that only he could fix that problem by getting them out of the country (Hatred). Trump is doing the same shit to mexicans and muslims. Nobody is claiming trump's rise to power is exactly equivalent to Hitler's, there are obviously going to be differences. But he does have similarities that should not be allowed to be held by any presidential candidate. Especially if you consider that the rise of facism takes place slowly over time, not rapidly over night. It started rising in this country when republicans started up the southern strategy, and is hitting new highs with Trump, but it can go even further if we do not stamp it out now.
>the republican party in this country is traditionally pro-Israel And yet they're also fascist according to your post. >That means anyone poorly informed about this election Which isn't accounts like yours on /r/politics. > trump's similarities to Hitler do involve hatred and bigotry focused towards certain demographics Being against illegal immigration is not "hatred and bigotry". Nowhere is Trump advocating for racial purity or anything remotely close to Hitler before Hitler came to power. >riled a large portion of the population into their camp by pushing forth hatred, fear, bigotry, and nationalism. Being against illegal immigraiton is not "pushing forth hatred". It's called enforcing border laws. >But he does have similarities that should not be allowed to be held by any presidential candidate. Like what? Being nationalist is no more indicative of fascism than is being socialist. >Especially if you consider that the rise of facism takes place slowly over time, not rapidly over night. America is so incredibly different than the conditions that gave rise to the spread of fascism in Europe that it boggles the mind that you people think we're becoming fascist. >started rising in this country when republicans started up the southern strategy I swear this sub is a fucking parody of an 19 year old college liberals worldview.
> And yet they're also fascist according to your post. Those are not mutually exclusive concepts, nor did I ever say the republican party are fascists. >Being against illegal immigration is not "hatred and bigotry". He isn't just against illegal immigration, he has gone out of his way to demonize both Mexicans and Muslims. He has blamed almost all of the faults in the country on these two groups, from claiming they are the source of most of our crime (By tweeting out neo-nazi claims) to claiming they are all out to kill us, to that we should be fine with killing innocent Muslims just because they are Muslims. He has simultaneously told us that we should fear Mexicans and Muslims because of what they are doing to us and our country, while stoking up hatred towards them by demanding we take action against them. >Like what? Being nationalist is no more indicative of fascism than is being socialist. A core part of fascism is extreme nationalism. I.E. Our country needs to be great, but it isn't great right now, and only I can fix it by deporting the people that are ruining it. Which is something both trump and hitler has said, almost worst for word. >America is so incredibly different than the conditions that gave rise to the spread of fascism in Europe that it boggles the mind that you people think we're becoming fascist. It boggles my mine that you think different conditions cannot cause the same end result. >I swear this sub is a fucking parody of an 19 year old college liberals worldview. Are you denying that the southern strategy didn't happen? Or are you denying that the southern strategy didn't result in the republican party changing from the (relatively) pro-racial equality party into the party where racism became a barely hidden undertone?
It warms the cockles of my heart seeing yet another conservative completely incapable of making a coherent argument without lying to the person they're arguing with about what they said. Your arguments are weak because they are wrong. You have to be pathologically dishonest when you argue because your arguments are weak.
> You forgot the part where he, like many other demagogues throughout history, riled a large portion of the population into their camp by pushing forth hatred, fear, bigotry, and nationalism. Demagoguery is a necessary condition of Hitlerism. But it alone is not sufficient. Donald Trump lacks many other conditions which you have not addressed.
That is because "hitlerism" isn't a thing. We are discussing the slow destruction of democracy and the rise of a significant portion of the population who make political decisions based on fear and hatred towards a demographic, and how Hitler did (or caused) these things. Not how trump might rise to power in the exact same way Hitler did, and do the exact same things Hitler did.
[The awkward moment when you realize that Israelis are probably less exposed to American politics then American jews.](https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/the-gops-jewish-donors-are-abandoning-trump/)
>I can't even see a correlation between a businessman who runs clothing lines, reality TV shows, and hotels, and a dictator who has for decades headed a radical political ideology and who advocates eugenics and conquest. As much as I hate going all Godwin, there is one similarity between both Hitler and Trump that hasn't been mentioned yet: the extensive embrace and use of the new media to spread your propaganda. With Hitler, it was the radio- it was quite a novelty at this time and people tended to believe everything that came out of that miracle box. For Trump (and others as well, tbh) it is the Internet- it's unreal how important social media have become in political campaigns, and now as then there's a large chunk of the population that still cannot deal with those medias and tends to believe everything they hear or read there.
>That awkward moment for the /r/politics Goodwin Law circlejerk when Israel likes the supposed Hitler more than Hillary. That's clearly a mischaracterisation. The question your poll is about is which people think will better serve Israel's interests, not which they like more or prefer. On [the question of which candidate Israelis *support*](http://en.idi.org.il/about-idi/news-and-updates/israelis-think-clinton-will-put-pressure-on-them,-support-her-nonetheless/), Clinton wins by a comfortable margin. (Not to mention American Jews are pro-Clinton by a very large margin). This isn't strange, if you think about it. Say I were an Israeli who opposed Netanyahu and the Likud party; If you asked me that question, I would probably guess that Trump would in fact be more unconditionally supportive of Netanyahu's agenda and therefore I'd be part of the 34% in your quoted survey...but I would also see those interests as often negative, so you couldn't translate that into saying I like Trump more than Hillary.
> But then again Haaretz has become a radical leftist newpaper that has largely lost any respect it once had and is now dying financially so these garbage clickbait articles from them aren't surprising. Recognising the humanity of a demonized minority and resisting the current cultural surge to the extreme right seems more like integrity than 'becoming radically leftist'.
Trump isn't "like Hitler" in the sense that he is obviously not a Nazi, but he clearly has fascist nationalist undertones. You can be fascist without being antisemitic, and you can also be fascist while supporting Israel (or any other country). Your post doesn't really contradict anything.
About those fascists statements you have there....which side tries to silence any dissent by telling followers to "follow him out to the parking lot," aggressively attacks opposition on the streets and even has a program made specifically for *record correcting* purposes?
Sounds like trump to me.
[deleted]
> Nowhere is he advocating for racial purity or conquest, But he is demonizing racial and religious demographics. I'm not sure why you arbitrarily defined fascism as needing to advocate "racial purity or conquest", it simply needs to focus on any form of fear and hatred towards some "other" demographic. Exactly how that takes form is irrelevant. >nowhere is he advocating complete mobilization of society under a totalitarian one-party state as necessary to prepare a nation for armed conflict. He wants to jail his political opposition, have deportation forces to "deal with" the group he is demonizing, and he has stated that he wants to commit war crimes against muslims AND that he would force the military to do so if they refused. Like before, you are being overly restrictive in your definitions of what makes someone a fascist. >Fascism advocates socialism No. Now you are confusion the nazi party, which ran (publicly) on a platform of socialism, with facism. > rejects assertions that violence is automatically negative in nature, and views political violence, war, and imperialism as means that can achieve national rejuvenation. That sounds like trump and his supporters, to a T.
> He wants to jail his political opposition, have deportation forces to "deal with" the group he is demonizing, and he has stated that he wants to commit war crimes against muslims AND that he would force the military to do so if they refused. Like before, you are being overly restrictive in your definitions of what makes someone a fascist. Don't forget purging the civil service to install loyalists and clamping down on the free press.
Sounds like trump supporters? But we saw all through the primaries how the soroes and DNC funded groups went to use violence as intimidation tactic at trump rallies. Hmmm.
> Fascism advocates socialism More like corporatism, and even that isn't enough of a constant to make it a defining characteristic.
[deleted]
That actually sounds more like anarchism, rather than facism, since the perpetrators are individuals, and not political parties.
You're really digging deep to keep this narrative afloat here.
No digging required at all. That Trump has many fascistic features is fairly obvious.
Of course his movement does have antisemetic undertones. However they're not as large a part of what he's saying so more difficult for outsiders to notice. Things like telling a group of jewish republicans they won't vote for him because they can't buy him which pretty directly evokes the "Jews as corruptors using their money" stereotype. Not to mention his continued courting of conspiracy theory culture using talking points from people like Alex Jones, a culture which largely blames a shadow government for the state of the world, a shadow government of people that use their money to corrupt governments and politicians a group that either happens to be made up entirely Jews or it explicitly states Jews are the problem, often under the heading "globalism". Which is not to say that there are no legitimate critiques of neoliberal market globalism or many of the other globalism philosophies, it's just in conspiracy theory circles because Jews are viewed as a global tribe, implicitly or explicitly having no allegiance to anyone but themselves, it's used as a code for the Jews. If you don't believe me, just check out what many of his true believers are saying on Twitter both in response to his tweets and tweets critical of him. The antisemetism is there, it's just not as visible.
You guys know "fascist" doesn't mean "someone I disagree with" right?
Oops, gonna have to correct that record if you want to enjoy this sub, citizen. :)
Let's look at what Fascism is: > **a state is led by a strong leader**—such as a dictator and a martial government composed of the members of the governing fascist party—to **forge national unity and maintain a stable and orderly society.**[7] Fascism **rejects assertions that violence is automatically negative in nature**, and views political violence, war, and imperialism as means that can achieve **national rejuvenation**.[8][9][10][11] Fascists advocate a mixed economy, with the principal goal of achieving autarky through **protectionist and interventionist economic policies.** https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fascism
> a state is led by a strong leader—such as a dictator and a martial government composed of the members of the governing fascist party Trump is running for President, not dictator. He can't do shit without Congress' approval. > Fascism rejects assertions that violence is automatically negative in nature, and views political violence, war, and imperialism as means that can achieve national rejuvenation. Trump has spoken out against violence numerous times. There have been some outbreaks at his rallies (mostly instigated by provocateurs from Hillary's campaign it turns out) but he hasn't personally supported it. He just offered to pay the legal bills of anyone getting in trouble. It was PR stunt. He's against getting us involved in foreign wars. He wants to win economically. > Fascists advocate a mixed economy, with the principal goal of achieving autarky through protectionist and interventionist economic policies. Trump supports businesses, not a mixed economy. I can pull [bullshit from Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Definitions_of_fascism) too: > Fascists are generally strongly anti-capitalist subordinating individual rights, profit and property rights to the State. Anti-capitalist? Yeah, that sounds like Trump. > * Anti-capitalist, but with capitalist features; > * Economic demand management through budget deficits > * Direct economic planning, reconciled with partial economic autonomy through corporatism; > * Militarism and imperialism; > * Suspension of rule of law. Mmm hmm. And most of the rest of the definitions would apply to *any* conservative populist.
> He can't do shit without Congress' approval. It's amazing how people can forget how our government works. I think a lot of bad things will happen to this country if trump is elected, but turning it into a fascist dictatorship is not one of them. Pointing to the NSDAP and WWII is the stupidest fucking reason to not vote for trump.
[deleted]
This is Donald Trump you're referring to, right? The man flat out implied he wouldn't respect the results of the election, that's tantamount to "opposing liberal democracy." He wants to utilize nuclear weapons, how isn't that "rejecting assertions that violence is automatically negative in nature"? The comparisons are far from perfect, but there's enough here for history to be rhyming more than a bit.
Only Trump can fix things. If he doesn't win Pennsylvania its because the Democrats cheated. He needs people to watch the polls. Maybe some 2nd amendment people can set Hillary straight. He's going to appoint a special prosecutor to make sure she goes to jail It's mostly words at this point but this is straight out of dictator 101
> Only Trump can fix things. Every candidate implies this. The only difference is Trump comes out and says it. There is a difference between stating and implying things, but it hardly makes him a dictator. > If he doesn't win Pennsylvania its because the Democrats cheated. http://thefederalist.com/2016/10/19/8-times-liberals-claimed-election-stolen-rigged/ > He needs people to watch the polls. [Poll monitoring is a thing.](http://www.ocvote.com/volunteer/poll-worker-resource-center/online-poll-worker-training/explore-more/poll-monitors/) > Maybe some 2nd amendment people can set Hillary straight. [He listed off a bunch of things Hillary was a threat to](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/article/2016/aug/09/context-donald-trumps-second-amendment-people-comm/), the 2nd amendment being one of them, and said that if she gains power there's not much anyone could do except for maybe the 2nd amendment people. Because, you know, that's actually a protected constitutional right, and they've been holding their ground for years. > He's going to appoint a special prosecutor to make sure she goes to jail ... To make sure she receives justice for any crimes she has committed. He's not going to let her get away with using her political connections to escape punishment. I say good. > It's mostly words at this point but this is straight out of dictator 101 If you ignore context and interpret everything he says in the scariest possible way, maybe.
Thank you for proving my point
Uh huh.
> He listed off a bunch of things Hillary was a threat to, the 2nd amendment being one of them, and said that if she gains power there's not much anyone could do except for maybe the 2nd amendment people. Because, you know, that's actually a protected constitutional right, and they've been holding their ground for years. ... Shooting elected officials is a constitutionally protected right? That's enough mental gymnastics to dislocate your spine.
> That's enough mental gymnastics to dislocate your spine. I'll say.
>So here, I just wrote this down today. Hillary wants to raise taxes -- it's a comparison. I want to lower them. Hillary wants to expand regulations, which she does bigly. Can you believe that? I will reduce them very, very substantially, could be as much as 70 to 75 percent. Hillary wants to shut down energy production. I want to expand it. Lower electric bills, folks! Hillary wants to abolish, essentially abolish, the Second Amendment. By the way, and if she gets to pick --if she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do, folks. Although the Second Amendment people, maybe there is, I don't know. But I'll tell you what, that will be a horrible day, if -- if -- Hillary gets to put her judges in. That's his statement in context, that's suggesting they can use violence to do something about it, legal options were already written off. Shooting government officials is not a constitutional right.
Reagan had fascist undertones too. Its not at all uncommon.
Reagan was also one of the worst presidents, but in the end too incapable to do real harm, so I don't see your point.
He did harm.
This dude has been spamming a bunch of /r/politics posts with this same copypasta. Don't look for rational discourse. He only wants to make a point that can be heard and hope people don't think too much about it.
To add to your comment. Trump isn't going after Jews so it's kind of irrelevant how Israel feels about it. He's going after Muslims and Mexicans.
So he is like Hitler, except not racist, got it.
He is racist, so, like Hitler light.
Plus Israel would prefer "a puppet" just like Putin does. I'm very pro-Israel and think Hillary would be better for LONGterm success. Trump would probably be better because more settlements could be constructed in the West Bank and more preemptive military attacks could be down without fear of repercussions. Which would eventually manifest in more hostility in the region.
You're a puppet. Sorry, had to be said. Yes, Israel is doing a good job getting Christians behind them. The problem is a lot follow blindly. I have a bunch of friends from Palestine and they want nothing more than peace with their neighbors. So does their family. They don't want to feel forced though without a voice. Clinton is exactly the best of the two because she isn't clearly on one side or the other. America is too big of a power house for either side to piss us off. So they will have to sit down and work it out.
[removed]
shouldn't we compare everyone to hitler? just, when people start their campaign, we, as a people, ask how likely is this person to be the next hitler
[removed]
im too busy
Drinking sizzurp?
This sounds like a solid plan to me. We need a new version of Politifact that will rate candidates on their possible Hitlerishness. Maybe some kind of a scale? Two out of ten mustaches? Heils? Little spiked helmets?
Cmon now, all of those things are cool. Maybe Swastikas, or little Hitlers, but there is no way you're taking away my Hail!
> or little Hitlers, "Hitlerfact ranks Donald Trump 8/10 lil' Fuhrers!"
I'm feeling more like a 6.5/10. He is too much of a pussy to ever do anything Hitler did.
We won't know for sure until somebody starts writing up objective Hitler metrics!
If they want to ban you they'll have to ban me first!
I'm 1/32 German and comparing him to Hitler is totally a comparison
"As a mother..."
[removed]
Me too thanks
as a mother, do you want him to kill himself? Use your mother power? Careful, it is a long cooldown
Fair point but there are also Holocaust survivors saying the exact opposite. They say that Hitler was considered a clown, a fringe buffoon and his policies were laughed at until he began to accumulate power. Let's not place holocaust survivors on a political pedestal they are not qualified to hold. Surviving a conflict undoubtedly gives a person great insight into certain things but the economic and political background is probably not one since a lot would have been farmers and rural people with limited access to the press or information of any sort.
Does Drumpf have a Mein Kampf book where he discusses his hatred for Jews like Hitler did????
Apparently he does. His ghost writer for the Art of the Deal said that Trump regularly bragged that he has only read a few books in his lifetime and they were all Mein Kampf and associated texts. It's an excellent interview in the New Yorker. On mobile but hopefully someone can post a link.
>Let's not place holocaust survivors on a political pedestal they are not qualified to hold. Yeah, let's focus on the reddit commenters who have the real experience and knowhow on the subject.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_burn_centers_in_the_United_States
Of political matters and warfare? Well...yes. The average Redditor possesses staggeringly more rounded education than the average person in continental Europe in 1920-1935. Also add increasing access to information and fact checking services. None of that includes people like me (Political Science Undergrad and 10 years military service) and I don't even consider myself that well qualified. Lots of Redditors have Master's or even PhD's. So, yes...you are right. Let's be very clear - a lot of holocaust victims had no idea anything was happening until their door was knocked/kicked and they were abducted. That is why we have such a rich tapestry of stories from the few families and individuals who predicted the events and took measures to flee/escape. We hold those stories up because they are so rare. Conversely a lot of advancing Armed Forces in WW2 had no idea concentration camps even existed.
If the average redditor is more educated then holocaust survivors why are they voting for hillary?
Nimble and savage
You seem to have answered your own question.
Wow. You just disappeared up your own asshole.
/r/iamverysmart
You're really grasing at straws here buddy. HENCE why you're deflecting with ad hominem rather than addressing any of the actual point he made.
Not really. I haven't said anything condescending or used unnecessary academic language.
Please go tell holocaust survivors in their face that they were uninformed and that you and your millennial cohorts are way smarter than them.
Why would I want to go and antagonise elderly men and women? Are you disturbed? Also what evidence do you have to disprove what I have written? You made a very solid bias with Appeal to Emotion though. I, and most of Reddit, can see how this will progress. Rather take a calm breath and think clearly about what has been posted and where the upvotes and downvotes are going...you are going to rage and type more and more hyperbole. Don't do it. Let's not derail a thread. Just have a think about what I said. The schooling system today is better than that of 1920s Europe.
You keep going on about how they were ignorant. Go tell them. Why do you keep repeating it on reddit. I'm sure they'll listen to your sound argument and agree.
Way to put words in ZenProZen's mouth.
But it's one individual. Other holocaust survivers have said the opposite. What about other considerations, [for example the fact that the Jewish community has absolutely recoiled from Trump?](https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/the-gops-jewish-donors-are-abandoning-trump/) Or perhaps political science analysises of his positions, tactics, and statements comparing them to actual fascist movements?
Often times it can be better to speak to historians who tend to gather and present information with little bias. My dad has an idea of Reagan that he believes is truth, he'll point to the fact he was alive during the time as evidence he knows what he's talking about, even though there are statistics and facts that prove he's wrong. I'm not saying to ignore Holocaust survivors or anything like that, but just because someone was there doesn't mean they automatically know everything. I served in Iraq and Afghanistan, and in 20 years there's likely going to be some historian who knows more about those wars than I will despite the fact that I'll have fought in them and he just studied them.
Or, you know, we could just weigh the arguments relative merit regardless of who made it..?
No that's silly
Sorry, didn't mean to be facetious.
If we applied that in any form, Trump would be the #23 most popular candidate. Sadly, we do not.
From the article "And please spare me your “how dare you compare” indignation, if you are so inclined. I do not claim that America is Nazi Germany, that Trump is Hitler or that another Holocaust is just around the corner. But the blanket ban on using the most discussed, most debated and most researched issue of the 20th century as a reference point for viewing current events is, in my view, beyond ridiculous. Especially as it usually comes from people who routinely depict every two-bit Arab propagandist as a Goebbels and every minuscule human rights NGO as successors of kapos and Judenrats. "
Why do you think I am a person who doesnt believe in the comparison? You are violently agreeing with me.
WWII also ended over 70 years ago. Nearly all holocaust survivors alive today were children during Hitler's rise to power. The one who did the AMA referenced above would have been 8 or 9. That's going to give you a very different perspective. I'm sure a lot of today's kids are going to have very different memories of Trump than I will whether he's elected or not.
I think someone who went through something so horrific and family did would be extremely knowledgeable of what happened even though he was young.
Unless they're Palestinians, then they have no clue what the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is about.
You think a child in Palestine understands the conflict? The greatest foreign policy minds in the world don't understand it including Israelis and Palestinians. No one understands it, it's a fucking shit-show.
Why? Its not that hard to understand. The reason it isn't fixed isn't because no one understands it, its because nobody wants it fix.
**Everyone** wants a fix.
Oh to be young and naive. The reason there is no peace in Palestine is two fold. One is that many Muslims are basically taught that Jews are less then human. B defense contractors make a shit ton off it.
No, they don't. Plenty of people, including Palestinian leadership, make bank off keeping the conflict going.
Well, the whole point of asking a Holocaust survivor about Hitler/Trump is to see if, from their personal experience and perspective, there were any similarities between their rise to power. However, kids tend to not pay much attention to politics. A survivor now could tell us firsthand about their Holocaust experience as a child, because that's something they lived through, but they could not tell us firsthand about Hitler's rise to power since they were probably not paying attention to that part, just the aftermath.
Then why do we have conflicting reports about how apt the comparison is? I'm sure they're very knowledgeable about the things they experienced during the war. I don't think it's reasonable for someone who was a child during Hitler's rise to power would be more knowledgeable than a historian on how he came to power and why, based only on their own experience. Don't forget, most people didn't even realize how much danger they were in until he was well on his way to driving the country to war.
>most people didn't even realize how much danger they were in until he was well on his way to driving the country to war. Except for when he tried to overthrow the government, wrote a book about his plans and then finally overthrew Germany's democracy and created a one-party police state.
There is a particular form of bias where by people exposed to events in history often do not realize their impact at the time and the events only are revered by successive generations. Both Hitler and Trump fall within those categories; as does WW1 and 2. During World War 2 the majority of the country just simply functioned as normal. It was a little more broke and things were a little more scarce but it was not living in fear for 6 years straight.
Which country are you talking about? Because you are incredibly wrong if you're talking about Germany. And you are nuts if you don't think ww1 and ww2 were big deals as they were happening.
You are missing the thrust of what I am saying. 9/11 was a big deal but for the majority of people life didn't actually change that much; a few additional security measures. Some of us joined the Armed Forces because of it but by and large society adapts very well to all circumstances. No one woke up on 12/11 or 01/11 a few months later still walking around in shock. 99% of people went back to work within a few days **even as all of their fundamental rights were being stripped away by the Government.** Where was the uproar? Where were the protests? They didn't happen because societies are **passive**. The same way Germany was passive about Hitler, minorities were passive about being march to industrial genocide camps. If you think anything else you are deluded. Times of great social upheaval are few and far between (US Independence, Suffrage, Hippy/Civil Rights). We romanticise the past as a serious of huge and important events but at the time they were really just bumps in an everyday narrative. It is the unseen events that really shape history; for instance 9/11 can be directly traced back to the Desert Storm; by stationing troops in Saudi Arabia young men were radicalized against the USA... ...one of whom was OBL. You can see this very thing happening today - Dakota Pipeline (99.9999% of Americans are not there protesting, no one cares) - Snowden Leaks (Nothing has really changed, no one cares) - Trump rise to power (No one actually cares enough to take action) It was the same in World War 2; in the UK bakers still baked bread, people still drank in pubs, criminals still conducted crime. When the soldiers came home they were mistreated and marginalised.
Well that's the thing. He did all that and managed to get himself put in change of the Courtney anyway because people didn't realize how dangerous he was.
Of the courtney?
Oh, come on, it's a typo, you know what I meant.
> Don't forget, most people didn't even realize how much danger they were in until he was well on his way to driving the country to war. Making the comparison with Trump more apt, not less.
I knew I was getting old when I was asked on Reddit what America was like pre-9/11. This was regarding a comment I made about the radical changes my small town in southern Illinois went through from '96 to '04.
The comparison is not with Hitler of 1939 or even 1933 but the Hitler of 1924 and the beer hall putch, the disorganized stream of consciousness that is mein kampf, etc. When people say they see echoes of Hitler in trump they say mean that they are concerned about the intrusion of hate, demagoguery, scapegoating and absence of fact into our electoral politics. Few people see trump as becoming a genicidal mass murdering tyrant and Trumps does not actually have a vision where Hitler had a vision that pretty much required genocide. Where people are concerned is that it seems even with checks and balances the US is open to a candidate with initially minority electoral support even with his own party make it so far with on populist platform of lies, hate and demagoguery and makes people worried about a more charismatic figure with a more developed vision akin to Hitler's replicating the trump experiment and taking it further...
Just wait for the next, better Trump, who will channel all of the hate and demagoguery, but will not be a complete buffoon, will not have a grabbing by the pussy tape, will be able to form complete coherent sentences, will be able to debate, and who will have message discipline. America's slide towards fascism doesn't end by beating Trump.
This entire discussion is ridiculous. I knew I could upvote him after the second paragraph because he was describing shit that Hitler actually did and that alone told me it wasn't a Trump-bash post. The propaganda machine is in full spin right now.
They have to slow down 60.000 emails.
>The propaganda machine is in full spin right now. Please, just because you're completely oblivious to sentiments among non-wasps doesn't mean there isn't genuine concern and legitimate fear. By the time they've round up the illegals (or whatever group of the month a Trump administration would like to viciously attack) and sent them to 'detention centers', it would already be too late for people like you to jump off your high horse to speak up about it.
I think you can be concerned about the existence of the rhetoric and spoken intention to deport people without thinking a GOP win will turn this country into a fascist dictatorship. That's a bit black and white, don't you think?
Why is it that our schools teach so much about Hitler and the Nazis? What's the lesson we take from WWII, that Germans are inherently inferior moral beings? It's ironic I'm being heavily downvoted for my OP given that this entire conversation is emblematic of what Haaretz is saying.
> What's the lesson we take from WWII, that Germans are inherently inferior moral beings? You should read up on how hitler gained his power. There was massive opposition against him, so no, germans aren't inferior beings. Kinda out of leftfield with that one. Like I said, you can be critical of trump's rhetoric without losing faith in the checks and balances that our political system is founded on. Hitler was going to be a national *socialist*, and then essentially stopped anyone *by force* who opposed his decision to leave out the socialist part. He already had a personal militarized force by then who could do that for him. Thinking trump has that kind of power is delusional.
Holy Hell on Earth you live in a bubble.
You just hit the Trump bingo with the 'i know you are but what I'm I' school of argument, mixed in with a bit of projection. A poster in the_donald has no right to accuse anyone of living in a bubble.
>A poster in the_donald has no right to accuse anyone of living in a bubble. And yet, you'll notice that *I'm* posting in both subreddits. Which, by definition, takes me out of a bubble.
>And yet, you'll notice that I'm posting in both subreddits. Yeah, that is one of the 'perks' of being a Trump supporter
Did you read through his posts and find him saying he is a Trump supporter somewhere? He hasn't mentioned it here and I can say that as a non-Trump supporter I still visit the_donald just to see what the other half has to say and re-evaluate my position.
if it walks like a duck, talks like a duck, it's a damn duck
It's not about trump bashing, the point isn't to compare trump to the evil guy who murdered 43 million Jews and other assorted minorities, the point is to compare the way that two bombastic personalities campaigned for public support, which is shockingly similar.
Which is ridiculous to do, because the very word "Hitler" implies genocide and global warfare in common usage. You cannot talk about Hitler in any way, shape, or form, without that being the unspoken elephant of the conversation. Hitler was an animal rights advocate. You wouldn't compare PETA to Hitler's record on animal rights. It wouldn't be an appropriate comparison because, again, the very word "Hitler" carries negative connotations that would be irrelevant to the discussion.
"And please spare me your “how dare you compare” indignation, if you are so inclined. I do not claim that America is Nazi Germany, that Trump is Hitler or that another Holocaust is just around the corner. But the blanket ban on using the most discussed, most debated and most researched issue of the 20th century as a reference point for viewing current events is, in my view, beyond ridiculous. Especially as it usually comes from people who routinely depict every two-bit Arab propagandist as a Goebbels and every minuscule human rights NGO as successors of kapos and Judenrats. " From the actual article in the OP.
This was written last year, but seems all the more apt today: >I don’t like making Nazi comparisons–they’re emotionally charged and often highly unfair. But in the last few months, the things Trump has been saying are eerily reminiscent of the kinds of things that right authoritarian politicians claim when they are trying to win a democratic election for the purposes of doing away with that system. There’s a group that is demonized (immigrants and Muslims), there are draconian policies to deal with the “problem” group (the wall, the database, the ID cards, surveillance, closing mosques), the politicians who disagree are accused of ignoring reality, and ordinary folks who disagree are condemned as troublemakers or enemy sympathizers who ought to be “roughed up”. >Right authoritarian politicians emerge in democracies when there is a group of people who feel that the democratic system exists to take things away from them and give those things to other people. During the Obama administration, the Republican Party has consistently nurtured this belief among its supporters–that the government and the democrats want to take things from them and give this “free stuff” to “those people” (the poor, the blacks, the immigrants, the Muslims). When Mitt Romney said that his party is going up against “the 47%” who do not pay income tax, the implication is that politics is a class war between the Americans who work hard and have stuff and the Americans who are lazy and take things. The republicans were overwhelmingly confident that they were going to win in 2012. When they lost, the implication was that there are too many “useful idiots”–those willing to help the 47% take things–for the republicans to take the presidency. And while some Republicnas believe that 2016 will be different, there’s a chunk of these people for whom 2012 established more deeply than ever that the only way to stop the 47% from taking their stuff is to use all available means. On internet forums, these people contemplate armed rebellion, they stockpile gold, and they look for a great leader who can protect them from the left. This chunk of Republicans believe that their country and its values are under attack, that they themselves are going to be expropriated by a government permanently captured by socialists. Fox News, conservative talk radio, and the Republican Party itself have all deliberately fed into these fears to mobilize support for republican candidates. As time progresses, these people grow steadily more desperate and steadily more willing to do things that most of us would consider unthinkable. They believe that Donald Trump is their guy. >Is he? Maybe, maybe not. But he sure knows how to use them. And the trouble with using these people like this is that you cannot use them without creating more of them and without making the ones we already have more reactionary and extreme over time. The US does not have a draft anymore–the military is all-volunteer, and because much of the left disdains the armed forces, reactionaries are over-represented in the military. As time progresses and the Republican Party continues to encourage this zero sum view, they are inadvertently potentially creating a situation in which the state could be captured by right wing authoritarians, either through the election of a figure like Trump or through a military coup. >While folks like Hillary Clinton and Jeb Bush pretend it’s 1996, the U.S. political system is devolving in dangerous and sinister ways. Donald Trump may personally turn out to be harmless, but his supporters are anything but. It probably won’t be this year or this election, but every four years these people seem to be stronger and more influential in the Republican Party. If the U.S. continues down this path, we may all live to regret it.
I don't think the *entire* discussion is ridiculous although firstly; yes, as political operators the two aren't worth comparing. The comparison is less about the two men and more about what they are symptoms of, and how they're able to leverage nationalist and authoritarian rhetoric into wide support from "true Americans" who feel displaced. In those regards they are equally dangerous. Nobody is saying that we should expect Trump to start organizing assassinations and overthrowing institutions. Just rather that whatever horrors he does bumble into, he still has that violent and authoritarian support that Hitler did.
How on earth is this topic near the top of /r/politics? Are there really 1,800 people in this subreddit that believe that Trump is anything like Hitler? That is so insanely disrespectful of everyone who had to suffer persecution through those years. The only damn thing they really have in common is populist support. You do disservice to the future by weakening what Hitler was by making constant weak comparisons.
This was written late last year, but seems all the more apt today: >I don’t like making Nazi comparisons–they’re emotionally charged and often highly unfair. But in the last few months, the things Trump has been saying are eerily reminiscent of the kinds of things that right authoritarian politicians claim when they are trying to win a democratic election for the purposes of doing away with that system. There’s a group that is demonized (immigrants and Muslims), there are draconian policies to deal with the “problem” group (the wall, the database, the ID cards, surveillance, closing mosques), the politicians who disagree are accused of ignoring reality, and ordinary folks who disagree are condemned as troublemakers or enemy sympathizers who ought to be “roughed up”. >Right authoritarian politicians emerge in democracies when there is a group of people who feel that the democratic system exists to take things away from them and give those things to other people. During the Obama administration, the Republican Party has consistently nurtured this belief among its supporters–that the government and the democrats want to take things from them and give this “free stuff” to “those people” (the poor, the blacks, the immigrants, the Muslims). When Mitt Romney said that his party is going up against “the 47%” who do not pay income tax, the implication is that politics is a class war between the Americans who work hard and have stuff and the Americans who are lazy and take things. The republicans were overwhelmingly confident that they were going to win in 2012. When they lost, the implication was that there are too many “useful idiots”–those willing to help the 47% take things–for the republicans to take the presidency. And while some Republicnas believe that 2016 will be different, there’s a chunk of these people for whom 2012 established more deeply than ever that the only way to stop the 47% from taking their stuff is to use all available means. On internet forums, these people contemplate armed rebellion, they stockpile gold, and they look for a great leader who can protect them from the left. This chunk of Republicans believe that their country and its values are under attack, that they themselves are going to be expropriated by a government permanently captured by socialists. Fox News, conservative talk radio, and the Republican Party itself have all deliberately fed into these fears to mobilize support for republican candidates. As time progresses, these people grow steadily more desperate and steadily more willing to do things that most of us would consider unthinkable. They believe that Donald Trump is their guy. >Is he? Maybe, maybe not. But he sure knows how to use them. And the trouble with using these people like this is that you cannot use them without creating more of them and without making the ones we already have more reactionary and extreme over time. The US does not have a draft anymore–the military is all-volunteer, and because much of the left disdains the armed forces, reactionaries are over-represented in the military. As time progresses and the Republican Party continues to encourage this zero sum view, they are inadvertently potentially creating a situation in which the state could be captured by right wing authoritarians, either through the election of a figure like Trump or through a military coup. >While folks like Hillary Clinton and Jeb Bush pretend it’s 1996, the U.S. political system is devolving in dangerous and sinister ways. Donald Trump may personally turn out to be harmless, but his supporters are anything but. It probably won’t be this year or this election, but every four years these people seem to be stronger and more influential in the Republican Party. If the U.S. continues down this path, we may all live to regret it.
Of course none of the Trump boosters in this thread clutching their pearls will reply to this. They only want to circlejerk over the comparison being a media conspiracy against their candidate, not actually discuss why the comparison is being made in the first place.
Didn't see anyone comparing Rubio, Bush or Romney to Hitler. I didn't even see anyone comparing Cruz to Hitler despite how unpleasant the guy may be. There must be a reason why Trump is being compared to Hitler by so many people right?
[Romney is Hitler](https://www.google.com/amp/reason.com/blog/2012/03/19/axelrod-stays-classy-with-romneyhitler-c/amp?client=ms-android-google) [McCain is Hitler](http://www.mtv.com/news/1593432/madonna-compares-john-mccain-to-hitler-at-tour-opener-campaign-calls-slam-outrageous/) [Bush is Hitler](http://m.washingtontimes.com/news/2004/jan/5/20040105-114507-1007r/) This is a well the Democrats drink from quite often
>How on earth is this topic near the top of /r/politics Because it's right. A significant part of his rise to power was him tapping into the fear towards "other" demographics (in this case jews) that a significant part of the population had, and then turned it into hatred by re-affirming the baseless fears that these "other" people are what is ruining the country, and that they need to be stopped. He also went on about how he is the only one who can fix it (See: Strongman) , and how he is going to fix it by deporting all of them and keeping them out of the country. Only after that is done can the country rise to the heights that it deserves to be at. And if I removed the word Jew from that paragraph, nobody will be able to tell if I were talking about Hitler or Trump.
You sound absolutely ridiculous. Targeting people who break the law and immigrate illegally to another country for deportation has nothing in common with targeting whole races of people for literal genocide.
> A significant part of his rise to power was him tapping into the fear towards "other" demographics (in this case jews) that a significant part of the population had, and then turned it into hatred by re-affirming the baseless fears that these "other" people are what is ruining the country, and that they need to be stopped. Fear of "other"... like the repeated claims that Trump supports are the second-coming of the Nazis so you'd better vote for Clinton or else the New Third Reich is going to start WW3?
Thanks for your non-biased opinion, u/Assangeisshit. What do you think about the email leaks and re-opening of the FBI investigation surrounding Hillary?
Do you even know what the word bias means? You are acting like having a bias is wrong. It is not wrong to have a "bias" towards factually correct things.
I was really just poking fun at your username, it explains your bias quite well.
Right, so you don't know what the word bias actually means. Not sure why you felt the need to showcase that to all of reddit, but that's cool.
I mean your username is already out there for everyone to see, I just thought it was funny in this context.
WAYYY more than that. 1660 upvotes. 56% upvoted. This means 6% of the votes = 1660 upvotes.
>Are there really 1,800 people in this subreddit that believe that Trump is anything like Hitler? Depends - does a mercenary believes in his employer?
Read the actual article.
It was a waste of time. Just history facts put side by side in a long winded way of stating the obvious: they're both propelled by populism, but they're not alike, but I got my article title so clicks away!
Well, Hitler didn't kill 6M Jews in 1933 either. He had to rise to power first. That is where the similarities come from. Think of it like the plot to the Terminator movies, but the characters have different names and none of them are robots.
Hitler did however write a book called Mein Kampf before 1933.
The left is completely rife with mental [illness](https://img.buzzfeed.com/buzzfeed-static/static/enhanced/webdr01/2013/5/15/13/enhanced-buzz-wide-25236-1368639743-30.jpg). So yes.
There isnt even a source on that pic apart from Buzz feed ideas. It should at least link back to the study somewhere.
> Are there really 1,800 people in this subreddit that believe that Trump is anything like Hitler? no, there is coordinated up/down votes happening http://www.notreddit.top/#
So if I am reading this correctly 9 of the top 10 most downvoted posts within the last 24 hours are currently from /r/politics.
yup
Lmao literally all of those posts are anti-Clinton. This sub is a fucking joke
You'll probably get a slew of down votes for this comment, which is bullshit. Poor journalism like this shouldn't be on the front page. People literally can't spot the cognitive dissonance in suggesting that Trump campaigning with negative ads is somehow voter suppression, while simultaneously up voting this kind of horse shit. What world is this?
>The propaganda machine is in full spin right now. He called anyone who disagreed with him a paid shill. Of course he should be downvoted. As a Trump supporter, he's unable to restrain himself within the bounds of civil discussion.
You're really going to try and argue that politics and TD dont both go full spin on any topic?
You're really going to put words in my mouth so blatantly? edit: No wonder. /r/The_Donald is all over your history. No wonder you're all-in trying to convince people both sides are the same. You want moral cover to be yourself.
Or, you know, for people to check their confirmation bias once in a while. E.G. You.
Why are you replying to me if there's not going to be any content in your posts? Is it your objective to be vapid and mean spirited? What happened to me pointing out where you put words in my mouth? We're not going to revisit that point? We're just going to pretend it didn't happen because it casts an accurately poor light on you? Or are we going to pretend it didn't happen because you need to have an excuse to call me names?
> Poor journalism like this shouldn't be on the front page. To be fair, this isn't journalism. It's an opinion piece. It's not meant to inform you about a particular topic. It's meant to present an argument and convince you why that argument is valid.
Fair. I guess that's sort of my point, though. Everything on the front page is opinion and slant. It's disappointing.
Hes (hopefully) going to get a ton of downvotes because he is literally advocating for a mindless circle jerk. All the top post in this chain did was mindlessly list differences between trump and hitler, and now we have a bunch of idiots parading around how they all agree that trump shouldn't be compared to hitler. The problem is that this entire post chain has completely and utterly ignored the comparisons that can be made between trump and hitler. You've basically all said that because you can list some differences between the two of them, all similarities are now invalid and don't exist. This is some of the worst confirmation bias I've seen on this subreddit in weeks.
Like what distinct comparisons? lol
A significant part of Hitlers rise to power was him gathering a base of power by tapping into racial and religious resentment in a large part of the population by claiming that certain demographics are ruining the country. Hitler did this by targeting the jews, Trump is doing it by targeting muslims and mexicans. This hits the points of Bigotry, fear, and hatred towards "other" demographics, as well as a unhealthily large dose of nationalism just to top it off. A major part of hitlers rhetoric was that he (and only he) could fix the problems in question by taking action against that group. Trump is doing the same by demanding we deport muslims and mexicans, Hitler actually rose to power on the exact same platform of deporting jews, because not even he could manage to convince the population that mass genocide was a cool idea. The key parts of demagogy and fascism can be summarized as fear, hatred, nationalism, and a strong-man who can fix all of the problems in the country.
Trump is not targeting Muslim Americans or Mexican Americans. He's saying he wants to stop illegal immigration and temporarily stop Muslim immigration, because of threats of terrorism. Hitler was openly racist from the get go. He spelled it all out in a book, years before rising to power, in which he repeatedly stated how his mission was to fight against the Jewish race.
You can make comparisons between [Gandhi and Hitler](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-india-34265882) if you try hard enough. That's literally why Godwins law is a thing. The underlying premise is that comparing someone to someone else who's really awful doesn't make you win an argument. You're just perverting the discussion because it's simpler than discussing actual claims. Furthermore, analogies in general are just a shit way to conduct a discussion.
> You can make comparisons between Gandhi and Hitler if you try gard enough. Like? > That's literally why Godwins law is a thing. No, it's a thing because terrible people like using it to brush off valid criticisms about themselves. The number of times I've seen decent humans accused of being similar to Hitler is minuscule in number. The same cannot be said for terrible people and their terrible ideas. >The underlying premise is that comparing someone to someone else who's really awful doesn't make you win an argument. That's right, proving that they are similar and then pointing to how every demagogue who has risen to power in the same way has gone on to commit atrocities, or at the very least caused the downfall of the country they were in is how you win an argument by citing Hitler. Which is what has been done in this thread time and time again.
You are literally Hitler. There are many similarities. You are a terrible person if you try to brush off my valid criticisms
>Like? Take literally [30 seconds](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/10/07/497014249/ghana-wants-to-remove-statue-of-gandhi-over-racism-controversy) and [educate yourself](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/india/10954147/Nine-facts-you-may-not-know-about-Mahatma-Gandhi.html). >No, it's a thing because terrible people like using it to brush off valid criticisms about themselves. [Like all of these?](http://lmgtfy.com/?q=hillary+clinton+hitler) >The number of times I've seen decent humans accused of being similar to Hitler is minuscule in number. Then I'm pretty certain you don't talk to people on a regular basis. Especially not the internet. Again, Godwin's law is a thing for a reason. >That's right, proving that they are similar and then pointing to how every demagogue who has risen to power in the same way has gone on to commit atrocities, or at the very least caused the downfall of the country they were in is how you win an argument by citing Hitler. No. You'd have a monstrous burden of proof to hurdle in supporting the argument that Trump = Hitler. Because, again, you can make comparisons between the Nazis and virtually anybody. Which, again, is why analogies are a shit way to discuss politics.
>Take literally 30 seconds and educate yourself. That first article has no mention of hitler. The second article only mentions his cozyness with hitler, and is not actually comparing his beliefs, policies, or ideals with hitlers.. You are pretty shit at this, huh? >Like all of these? Do you know what the word "minusculew" means? >Then I'm pretty certain you don't talk to people on a regular basis. Especially not the internet. Again, Godwin's law is a thing for a reason. Whatever you say, senpai. >No. You'd have a monstrous burden of proof to hurdle in supporting the argument that Trump = Hitler. Good thing I'm not claiming that trump = hitler. You might have made a valid point for once if I was! >Because, again, you can make comparisons between the Nazis and virtually anybody. Which, again, is why analogies are a shit way to discuss politics. You've yet to prove this assertion. To the contrary, you did such a poor job at proving this with Ghandi that I feel that it is fair to say that that acts as evidence that you are flat out wrong.
You 1) couldn't interpret 3 very straightforward articles because they didn't blatantly spell out a point for you, suggesting you don't actually have much knowledge on Hitler's rise to power 2) Trainwrecked the word "miniscule". Like, where'd you learn to spell? 3) Continue to not understand what Godwins law is 4) Have done nothing but be a condescending little shit bird since you first voiced your opinion (which is actually hilariously ironic given that you can't accomplish what is essentially the equivalent of researching a 3rd grade book report). At what point can you honestly presume you're correct? It's like I'm talking to an angry toddler right now.
> Poor journalism like this shouldn't be on the front page. welcome to /r/politics
It really shouldn't. Comparing someone like Trump to Hitler just goes to show that have no grasp of history. Yet this sub will eat it right up.
I know. What did Hitler ever do to deserve such an unfair comparison?
Hitler in 1932 wasn't Hitler yet either.
[Here are a bunch of quotes from Mein Kampf](https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Mein_Kampf). Just search for the word "Jew" in there. Trump isn't comparable to this guy, sorry.
/r/politics has become complete cancer. It's dying because of this gabage. The sad thing is that now in October it has less pageviews and less active users than the freaking /r/the_donald. How sad is that for this sub, which was once a default and the biggest most active political sub?
Long time political lurker. I joined the donald because I knew what I was getting. That side of the story. I was shocked and saddened that r/politics seemed to be just as one-sided. I would have preferred to come here for intellectual discourse and to share my opinions, rather than seek one side out over the other. Being able to speak your opinions freely is a tenet of American values, and I feel this sub has lost its way.
Then don't be here. You obviously didn't read the article.
its hard to compete against so many bots
The donald is also filled with bots and people who can't vote but like Trump for the lulz.
That's not actually accurate. I am not a bot, I enjoy memes, and I am a registered voter. It is an alternate place to get political information. It will be biased towards Trump, but people know that when they go there.
Obviously not all are, but there is a large amount to bump content and get it to r/all
>The sad thing is that now in October it has less pageviews and less active users than the freaking /r/the_donald. /r/the_dingus is like 50+% bots as far as I know. That's why they have so many upvotes to so few comments. edit: mixed up a word
Goddamn bots shit posting pepe memes. I should've known.
Source?
Don't have a source, just something I've seen talked about a couple times. I could be wrong.
So you don't know anything do you?
shut the fuck up hitler lover
its sad if you consider shitposting meme is active news
I tried to have sane political discussions here but kept getting hammered and made fun of for supporting Jill Stein. Everyone here told me it was the same as voting Donald, so I finally said, fuck it and joined the_donald. It's really alot of fun over there. Round the clock , full 24 hours of nonstop shitposting. Hilarious memes. All the Wikileaks. What's left of this sub after this Correct the Record Orwellian nightmare took place is just depressing.
I think this sub does nothing but anger reasonable people and make them more inclined to vote against Hillary.
Any alternatives? I'm ready to click unsubscirbe.
Yeah but how many of those "pageviews" are done by bots?
I miss those days. As a Canadian it was an excellent source (before the election) to gets political news from south of the border. Then sometime in June *(I think?)* it seemed like Trump-bashing Opinion pieces took hold everywhere. I slowly stopped coming here for news, because quite frankly I don't need to read 5 pages of opinion pieces before I find something non-Trump related. Would it have been to much to ask for /r/politics members to at least upvote ONE policy piece...on either candidate? Or how about what they plan to do?
Have you considered the global stakes if we actually put this monster in office?
Have *you* considered the global stakes of putting one of the most corrupt and bought for presidential nominees in office? One who is currently under an FBI investigation?
Apparently you're not up on how warrants work among other things.
How irrelevant.
Yes. That's why I won't be voting for her.
I miss you being a mod :(
> I miss those days. As a Canadian You're account has only been active for about a year - not before the campaigning for this election began. Further, your comments are almost all pro-trump and anti-Hillary....
Yep, here too.
It was early august. [Here's what the front page of r/politics looked like July 23rd](https://i.sli.mg/deeSor.png). Mind you, this was well after Bernie had lost his last primary.
Sadly such partisanship seems to be what Reddit was made for. However given that the donald appears to be more popular at the moment it is something of an anomaly that they weren't the ones to win the downvote war on r/politics.
Oh you mean during the primaries when it was nothing but pro Bernie/anti Hillary articles? Are you sure the sub got worse or did people just stop up voting things you agree with? There is a difference. This subs quality hasn't really changed at all. You can decide if that's a good or a bad thing but to imply there was a major shift is pretty ridiculous. The only thing that changed is what candidate gets support and what candidate gets negative stories upvoted about them.
So much this. This sub has always been incredibly biased where posts that didn't fit the narrative get downvoted and ultimately silenced. Any sort of negative article about Bernie would never make it to the front page. On a given day if Bernie won a single primary but lost every other one, the front page would be plastered with articles about how he won, and anything mentioned that he lost would not. It was a piss poor news source, and I say that as a Bernie supporter.
They could but rumors are coming in that Trump farted in a crowded elevator and they need 3 articles to hit the top of this sub ASAP.
look at what never appears http://www.notreddit.top/#
Thats what censorship does to you. You can die now /r/politics , you wont be missed
TD has the same problems. I'm currently under a ban for pretty much literally no reason. All of these political subs are shit, and run by people with an agenda.
did you lurk before posting or did you come in with "concern trolling" immidiately? Because with ClintonNewsNetwork brainwash if every person coming to that sub started up with asking about their concerns which they got from CNN it would be filled with nothing else and be dead, and trump would lose.
Talk about "brainwash," The_Donald literally has a "no dissenters or SJW's" rule.
So does the Hillary Clinton subreddit. You can't go into their house and shit on the table and expect not to get kicked the fuck out.
The donald is a sub for donald trump, politics used to be a sub for open political discussion. You should expect better of this sub. Funny enough the openly biased one still beats out the "unbiased" one by a mile. Get fucked.
"Get fucked" is a fantastically reasonable reaction to criticism.
It's a common term used amongst Australians when discussing some policies here. Or politicians.
the_donald doesn't try to masquerade itself as a politically neutral sub. You know what you're getting when you go there.
All the people in this thread should join up and make a new politics sub
I was recently invited to join [this one.](https://www.reddit.com/r/DiscussPoliticalNews/) I haven't delved in too much, but the overall vibe is 'no censorship'. Suppose it remains to be seen how it goes.
With blackjack.... and hookers!
Lmao idk what the mods think theyre doing but they're actively killing their sub its funny to watch
An r/politics article that directly compares Trump to Hitler in the title? These comments are going to be great to watch
Godwin's rule
This is nothing new, Trump is literally Hitler on this sub.
Uh, it's not specific to this sub. The guy is a fascist.
his is nothing new, Trump is literally Hitler ~~on this sub~~ in reality. FTFY. You don't get to go around blaming all the problems of a country on certain demographics and then claim that only you can fix those problems by deporting those people and then brush off the fact that Hitler rose to power on that same concept.
In defense of the sub, you're going to be called Hitler when you single out a religion and say there's something wrong with it and constantly casually talk about nuclear weapons.
Are you implying there's nothing wrong with Islam? That there's no inherent violence in its teachings?
That's true in every religion. However there are approximately 100k violent Muslims (boko, isis, AL queda) out of 1 billion Muslims. You can easily find the same percentage of violent Christians vs how many there are. Actually as a percent of violence they will probably be higher but Muslims by a larger percentage will be more oppressive.
Nonsense. 95% of terrorist attacks are committed by Muslims. Islam (through the Quran) makes specific claims about being the final revelation, perfect and unreformable, and specifically tells its followers to slay apostates, homosexuals, and non people-of-the-book (Jews and Christians, who get the wonderful status of "dhimmi" and are forced to live in an apartheid state as second-class citizens subject to a special religious tax. We're talking specifically about violence committed in the name of religion. Not some nominal Christian kills a guy in a robbery in detroit, actual jihad and holy war on a massive scale. I can't believe you leftists can be so naive about what a barbaric, iron-age death-cult Islam is.
I just gave numbers that can't be disputed. You're completely naive to say if Islam didn't exist than everyone would be treated fairly. That's what you're implying.
This place is a default sub and yet The_Donald has over 6k more people online atm. Just shows you what a wasteland this place has become, to no surprise.
To be fair, 80% of who's online there are probably bots
And most of us just come here for a good laugh.
the_donald bans anyone that doesn't prostrate themselves to Trump.
My local cult has more members than my church but that doesn't mean I'm going to join them.
And yet they have more active people online...
Because an alarming amount of people are willing to bow down and kiss the boots of that blowhard.
Active bots*, like his [Twitter followers.](http://www.mcelhearn.com/does-donald-trump-really-have-10-million-twitter-followers/)
And the rallygoers? Also bots?
In a way, yes 'bots'. There is (admittedly limited) evidence that Russian prisoners are being shipped over by Putin to attend Trump rallies.
Our immigration system is worse than I thought!
I cannot tell if this is satire or not.
I don't think this is a default sub anymore.
"People", aka "bots"
I know it's a foreign idea and might be untranslatable to the Hillary supporter, but people can actually like their candidate and be enthusiastic in their support!
i identify as a bot and you are hurting my feelings circuitry
Whenever I think /r/politics hit a new low I just click the refresh button to suffer even more.
try /the_donald Its awesome!
It might help to actually read the article.
How dare you. Next you'll say people should actually listen to each other when they argue.
He's talking about /r/politics in general, not the article.
Why would you suffer? Just take it for what it is: light entertainment.
It is an approximation of how Reddit feels about politics and nothing more. The internet is mostly young people and young people are mostly liberal. It's not a conspiracy, just demographics.
It's a conspiracy when it contradicts my purview!!!!!!
This is where I think many miss the comparison between Trump and Hitler. It's not the Hitler in power thats comparable, its the way he got his power, his fear mongering, his scapegoating, his calls for things being rigged against his followers that Trump mirrors daily.
Except is it scapegoating when it's right? Hitler was wrong about the Jews, its not a conspiracy theory that Muslim refugees are being infiltrated by ISIS and Islam in general is more susceptible to political radicalization.
Yes, it is. Apply the same metrics to Christians white males. The majority of our mass shootings have been by white, Christian males. Take the Orlando shooter- a know unstable person by all accounts- was he unstable because he was Muslim (and not very observant of his religion) or because he was homophobic? If he was a not very observant Christian male, would we question all Christians? Did we do so with the guy who killed the Sikhs? How about Oklahoma City? The single most devastating attack prior to 9/11? Did we question all white Christians then? No. we didn't. When Homeland Security identified white domestic terrorists as our biggest internal threat- everyone threw a shit fit and congress made them change their report.
Homophobia is a big part of Islam though, because its so conservative, and OKC was an isolated event and not a part of a pattern of violence stemming from the socio-economic/cultural 'backwardness' of the near east. It's not just about religion though, its their entire culture. If you insist on blaming the west, you could make an argument they haven't been able to evolve in the past 100 years due to Western intervention, but we still have to deal with it today. In Canada we have publicly funded Muslim Integration Centers where Muslim immigrants come to be essentially brainwashed to Western Culture upon arrival. Because a large % of them have say, sexist views towards women, they make sure to never use women of authority around them because they will ignore them and worst case scenario spit on them. Now you can point out how sexism exists in western culture as well, but there is a reason why we have these programs for Middle Easterners and not Italians, because some people need it more than others. The US would never adopt this because of the tax issues. Yo can't even get healthcare passed, you're not going to get people paying to assimilate Muslims. I think it requires debate in the US as well in order for it to be passed, and once it's pointed out that Muslims need these assimilation programs, people will either not want them in at all, or claim its racist to systematize the belief that Muslims are somehow less adaptable to western culture.
I mean.. the fear mongering part is on both ends. Do you think people telling you Trump is literally Hitler isn't fear mongering? Or Hillary during a debate saying that Trump can't have the nuclear codes because once he gives the order people have 4 minutes to initiate the launch sequence and there is no way to stop it.. they'll just go ahead and do it cause Trump said so.. the Joint Chiefs and Pentagon advisors, etc won't have the will to stop it from happening.. Trump will just wake up in a blind rage from a nightmare about a twitter debate he had earlier that evening and start launching nukes... It's nothing but fear mongering from both sides.
Fear mongering is based on promoting false fears like EBola!!! From our last election. Trump says our country is going to hell. He says we need to discriminate against an entire religious group. He says we need to actively get rid of over 10 million people. How does the process for getting rid off these millions work? How do we find them? Do we hold hearings? How do we make foreign countries accept our deportees? What do we do with their children? Where do we keep them while figuring out the other stuff (like wether or not we should ignore our legal process)? How much will it cost? These are the questions that are not asked or answered in the press, or by Trumps campaign. This is why it isn't 'fear mongering'. He has proposed a policy that can only be accomplished by a police state. He hasn't clarified any other scenario (Romney went with self deportation), other than creating a 'deportation force' )a vast expanse of the federal government and its powers). If you stop to think about it, it raises serious concerns. That's just one proposed policy and ignoring the rhetoric (I will only accept the results of an election if I win).
I do think that the idea that Donald Trump is going to just start launching nukes if we put him in the White House is definitely fear mongering. It's the biggest kind of fear mongering possible. What could be scarier than the idea that a President will take office and have a bad day and so he just starts a nuclear war? That's the idea that Hillary talked about in the debate when she talked about his temperament and how once Donald gives the order to launch it has to be carried out within 4 minutes and can't be stopped. It's a completely hypothetical situation not based in any reality with the purpose of scaring people into thinking "Holy shit!! Donald will have us all dead in a nuclear holocaust!! We better keep him out of office!!"
I don't think Trump would be likely to launch a nuke, but the president *does* have the ability to do just that. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nuclear_football >It is argued that the President has almost single authority to initiate a nuclear attack since the Secretary of Defense is required to verify the order, but cannot legally veto it.[5][6][7] Also >Journalist Ron Rosenbaum has pointed out that the operational plan for nuclear strike orders is entirely concerned with the identity of the commanding officer and the authenticity of the order, and there are no safeguards to verify that the person issuing the order is actually sane.[9] Notably, Major Harold Hering was discharged from the Air Force for asking the question "How can I know that an order I receive to launch my missiles came from a sane president?"
Oh I know that theoretically the President COULD give that order. I'm saying that if Trump just woke up in the middle of the night and said "time to Nuke China" there would be a coup in the white house so fast he wouldn't even have time to put his toupee on before he was being dragged out of there. That is why it is fear mongering. Hillary speaks of the scenario like it might actually happen.
>the Secretary of Defense is required to verify the order, but cannot legally veto it. Under the [25th Amendment](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twenty-fifth_Amendment_to_the_United_States_Constitution#Section_4:_Vice_Presidential.E2.80.93Cabinet_declaration), the VP and Cabinet can vote to immediately remove the President from office. If a president gave a brash nuclear order, it would probably trigger this.
That's meant to be used if the president falls into a coma or otherwise becomes incapacitated. Even if they ignore the intended usage it requires a majority of Trump's cabinet including Pence to agree and it must be written and submitted to congress. Unless they have a pre-drafted and pre-signed document with an adjustable date (would be political suicide to sign that) there's no way that could be accomplished fast enough to stop a presidential launch order.
It's not the same. There's a difference between attacking candidates and questioning judgement and whipping up your supporters by targeting OTHER citizens. Clinton isn't scapegoating anyone.
When I said this stuff back in the primaries, I got down voted and people said I was making shit up and that there is no comparison between Trump and Hitler. I wonder if those people have changed their minds at all.
That would mean if Trump wins a gestapo is coming after you. Who's fear mongering now. Maybe you will get your wish
Trump has literally said he wants to jail his political opponent and press members who criticize him. That's some gestapo shit right there.
The FBI just reopened investigation
Kangaroos are native to Australia. Why are we sharing irrelevant things (yours isn't even true lol, can't really reopen something that was never closed, and FBI investigations aren't)?
So the news is lying about the email investigation being Reopened?
The original word "reopen" was used by Jason Chaffetz, Comey himself never said it. I'd argue it's not an accurate descriptor of the situation.
That's the word the msm is using when doing a Google search. Sorry Russian is my first language.
Your post makes no sense.
To you. People who were disloyal to Hitler got dealt with. However Trump is Anti War Anti big government.
> However Trump is Anti War Anti big government. Sounds like you've been ignoring half of what he says.
Definitely. But we know who he is. An arrogant rich Molotov cocktail to throw at the globalist.
"Globalist." Nice dog whistle there. Especially rich considering the article we're commenting on.
Trumps a proud Nationalist.
My guess is no. As if hitler came out on day one and said "kill the Jews"
Not to mention Hitler's entire campaign was based on strong anti-immigration policies.
Hmm? No, Hitler's campaign was based on racial and nationalistic pride, "making germany a world power again" (sound familiar?) And acquiring living space for germany
I'm assuming whitecompass is being sarcastic
The 2 go hand in hand. What's the fastest, easiest way to unite disparate groups (moderate, leftist, and rightist ethnic Germans) under one banner? Give them a common outgroup enemy to hate and blame.
Anti-immigratiom policies? What? We did't have immigrants back then.
Speaking of fear-mongering... liberal media has been doing it since Trump got the nomination. "Anyone but Trump!", "He is literally Hitler!", "Vote for the lesser of two evils!". This election cycle is the most I've ever seen the Democratic side use fear-mongering, and it is not a good look.
> He is literally Hitler!" The article explicitly says this is not the discussion.
I wasn't quoting this article, I was quoting the sentiments I always hear from Clinton supporters and TV.
On an article which is about not that? Wat?
You've taken what I said completely out of context. I was quoting the kind of fearmongering you see from liberal media and Clinton supporters. I never said I was referring to the article when I was giving examples of fearmongering. But yes, this article can be construed as fearmongering in a different way.
> I never said I was referring to the article Why are you even commenting on this article?
Do you know how to scroll up?
Yes, and you replied to a comment discussing this article, with a clear mis-characterization of the topic of the article, then said you were never discussing the article. I'm getting the impression that honesty isn't your strong suit.
I get the impression that reading comprehension isn't yours. I was responding to fearmongering in general. My first post, if you are capable of understanding it, was in response to someone talking about fearmongering. Here, let me point out to you the exact moment I entered the conversation: >Speaking of fear-mongering... Which also happens to be the first thing I said in here. And now let me give you the *subject* of my first comment: >liberal media has been doing it since Trump got the nomination. Imagine that, it has nothing to do with this article! Just like I have been saying. Now if you re-read the rest of my comment as it pertains to the above self-quote, you can see that I am still not talking about this article: >"Anyone but Trump!", "He is literally Hitler!", "Vote for the lesser of two evils!". This election cycle is the most I've ever seen the Democratic side use fear-mongering, and it is not a good look. Go back to school please.
The NeverTrump movement started with republicans during the primary, it's not a product of the left. The fear is not unwarranted, which is why it is being reiterated by so many different parties so frequently and so loudly.
This in response to a real threat. 'Fear mongering' is a phrase used to describe unjustified fears- like Ebola!!! Was used in 2014. I view Trump as an actual threat to our Democracy, based on the things he says. He will only accept election results if he wins is only the latest example.
Fearmongering is not just for unjustified fears. It is using fear as a tactic to get a specific result. And this article implying that a Trump presidency will lead to Nazi Germany is definitely fearmongering. We have checks and balances to ensure something like that doesn't happen.
> We have checks and balances to ensure something like that doesn't happen. It's more about sawing away at the legs of the democratic framework that underpins a democratic society. Just having elections and checks and balances isn't enough to warrant being a real democracy. If at some point a third of the population believes every decision they don't like, every election result, every politician they resent, everything, it's all 'rigged' and all this or that media I don't like is biased and in so and so's pocket...I mean, what are you left with at that point? Trump and the movement he emboldened have been doing exactly this. Making these little cuts, these chips, these increasing gouges in the very foundation of American democracy. It's up to the American people to either mend or enlarge these cuts.
[The Heil Trump!](http://winningdemocrats.com/this-is-terrifying-trump-rally-looks-like-a-picture-out-of-nazi-germany-video/) The only reason his [pledge of fealty](http://winningdemocrats.com/former-director-of-adl-trumps-hitleresque-pledge-is-a-fascist-gesture/) isn't getting more press presently is the timing. It happened early in the campaign and he abandoned it, but not before getting out the nationalists and bigots.
That site is cancer, it has those infuriating pop-up ads that make your phone vibrate and you have to close the entire app to leave.
My parents saw Judgment at Nuremberg on cable the other night and mentioned how eerily Trump supporters echo the sentiment Nazi collaborators felt about Hitler: he made the country proud again, restored glory & created jobs. The defendants on trial regretted the clampdown on civil rights and the harsh treatment of minorities like Jews and gypsies but they believed they could pull back the reigns of power before it became interminably corrupted. Yet they couldn't, or more matter of factly, wouldn't risk their position and lives to do the right & moral thing.
No demagogue or tyrant comes to power without the aid of coattail-riding yes men, weak-minded enablers, and greedy mercenaries. Conway, Giuliani, Christie, Ryan, Priebus, McCain, Ayotte, McConnell. May their careers die in infamy.
But many politicians did the exact same tactics before and after him. What he did wasn't special.
Sounds like every politician ever. Hope and change? You can easily compare the rise of Obama to hitler as well. This is just dumb.
First of all, Hilter lost the election and was still appointed chancellor. He gained power largely through intimidation. His army of brownshirts would infiltrate and disrupt the meetings of opposing parties, cause riots which were disguised as grassroots opposition to his enemies. Trump has no army of brownshirts. He doesn't hire people to disrupt Clinton rallies. He doesn't intentionally cause riots. He has nothing close to Hitler's SA. Trump is blaming a lot of our problems on illegal immigration, but Hitler blamed Germany's problems on an entire race of people. Huge difference there, as illegal immigrants are actually breaking a law. I mean, we do have that law for a reason, right? Hitler made it abundantly clear that he thought Jews were an inferior race. He spelled out a lot of his plans in a book well before rising to power. I haven't seen any reasonable evidence that Trump actually sees any race of people as inferior. I've seen a lot of digging and very weak arguments coming from his opponents, but it's a pretty big stretch to say that Trump is at all comparable to Hitler in this department. Digging up a quote from some guy's "tell all" book written 20 years ago, which Trump denied saying, or citing a DOJ case from the 70's over actions which Trump wasn't directly involved in, is a whole lot different than somebody writing a book (while in jail for trying to take over the country) about their outright racist ideas and plans. And correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't think Hilter called the election rigged. I guess he called the treaty of versailles rigged. Not sure if that's what you mean. Edit: Typo
> He gained power largely through intimidation. His army of brownshirts would infiltrate and disrupt the meetings of opposing parties, cause riots which were disguised as grassroots opposition to his enemies. Trump has no army of brownshirts. But Hillary does -- coordinating with a PAC which helped to organize violence at Trump rallies. And now that Trump is tied to Hitler, more violence against his supporters is justified. Because of dangerous rhetoric like this.
>But Hillary does -- coordinating with a PAC which helped to organize violence at Trump rallies. Aren't you talking about the Veritas thing which ended up being started by trump supporters?
The Veritas things which were confirmed by the PAC's director.
So the situation seems that the Trump foundation paid Veritas $10,000 many months ago. And that Veritas is a group known for lying out their ass, and essentially making up fake videos with selective editing. Is there anything else to it?
BTW if Clinton doesn't get 270 electoral votes, Trump may be able to be "appointed" with less votes than Clinton. Yes, Trump doesn't call all Mexicans or Muslims rapists/whatever, but the way he speaks about them is clearing trying to frame Mexicans/Syrians/Muslims to very abstract but real problems of "Illegal Immigration", "Radicalism", "Terrorism". He is scapegoating systemic problems with persons and peoples. That's what Hitler did. He tied his nation's bad economy with groups "cheating" people that he considers his group out of a good life. His rhetoric moved the "norm" and most importantly, made ordinary Germans tolerate his immoral policies because it seemed like it's the thing that *must* be done. I don't get why people make Trump out a champion against the establishment. Trump is a textbook example of a product of the establishment. You heard him in the third debate: he abused the hell out of the systemic corruption that Hillary claim to stop.
> BTW if Clinton doesn't get 270 electoral votes, Trump may be able to be "appointed" with less votes than Clinton. Not sure what you'd mean other than him getting more electoral votes. He wouldn't win in any other legal scenario because the establishment hates him, which is part of the reason why people call him anti-establishment. > He is scapegoating systemic problems with persons and peoples. He's calling illegal immigration a problem and saying it has to be stopped, which it is. Nether side wants open borders, he just wants to actually enforce this law. He's not making any judgement on American citizens of any race or creed. You're connecting those dots, he's not. Both sides also agree that with an influx of immigration from Muslim run countries, you will increase the likelihood of terrorism in this country, unless these immigrants are properly vetted. This is not Hilter behavior. He's claiming these are big problems, which they both are. Illegal immigration is a big problem in this country. Again, there is a reason illegal immigration is illegal. If it weren't a problem, it would be legal. And terrorism is a potential ticking time bomb. People can over react now, but if we have another 9/11 or worse they'll be on Trump's side in a heartbeat on this one.
> I haven't seen any reasonable evidence that Trump actually sees any race of people as inferior. Just off the top of my head: His repeated refusal to rent to colored people.
As I stated in the comment above, this was a case in the 70s which he wasn't directly involved in. While there's no absolute proof on either side, I highly doubt that he, at 27 years old, personally instructed the managers at one of the many apartment complexes he and his father owned to instate this rule. I think it's more likely that this was the wrongdoing of his employees and he simply settled because it was the easier route to take.
You believe it is likely that his employees came up with a racist policy, and then attempted to continue to enforce it following legal action against the company? It would seem odd to think employees would take actions that don't help profitability and result in legal expenses. If you want to blame his father for it I'd be willing to concede that's not just possible, but quite likely (was caught at a KKK rally after all). But to say there is no evidence is completely false.
Not sure why you're implying that they continued their policies. Are you referring to the 82 lawsuit, which was an entirely separate case? But yes, I think if you own a ton of real estate in NY you might run into this. I don't think he personally instructed it.
I actually disagree with the implication of the post that the comparison is invalid, but factually you didn't say anything wrong there. I would like to point out however, that the paramilitaries like the SA were almost a necessary facet to function as a large political party in Weimar Germany. As you will probably know as well as I do, the other large parties had similar paramilitary wings. So just saying that Trump doesn't have a literal paramilitary force backing him up is sort of ignoring the context of political Weimar Germany. > And correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't think Hilter called the election rigged. I'm also willing to be corrected on this, but I do think there was a fair bit of this going on, especially on local levels. But I could be wrong. Would need to research or someone who knows whether that kind of rhetoric was used much back then by the NSDAP or any other party in Germany.
Had to scroll for a few minutes before I saw the first reasonable comment in this thread. Thank you sir
>He gained power largely through intimidation. His army of brownshirts would infiltrate and disrupt the meetings of opposing parties, cause riots which were disguised as grassroots opposition to his enemies. Trump has no army of brownshirts. To be fair, he does have an army. He simply hasn't asked his supporters to be physically disruptive. They are, however, pushing out tons of false information. This is why him not saying he would accept him losing the election should scare everyone. He has the power to do a lot of these things, or perhaps his supporters will take it upon themselves to do it.
Yes I'm sure Trump supporters are gonna beat the most powerful fighting force in the history of mankind on US soil. Do you listen to yourself?
Here's the thing though - a lot of the rank and file members of the military (the ones that aren't officers) support Trump, supposedly. Those people wouldn't fight an uprising of Trump supporters - they'd join them. Of the remaining people, some won't want to fight their fellow citizens, though others would have no qualms about it. Since the Trump supporters would know that they can't win in a head-on fight, it would be guerilla warfare. On US soil. To fight the uprising, the US may have to pull back its troops from other locations, which opens up potential threats to their allies from rival nations like Russia, China, and possibly even North Korea. So even though an uprising would be crushed, it would severely damage the US as a world superpower. That being said, such an event occurring is highly unlikely. Basically zero. But the fact that it's not zero, that it's possible, is frightening.
He doesn't have an army, he has supporters. Devoted supporters are not the same as an army. Edit: Downvote me all you want, Trump doesn't have an army and it's ridiculous to imply that based only on him having support.
They are a cult of personality at this point. No other Presidential candidate in US history had supporters as fanatical as his. All he needs to do is give the word, and they will gladly take up arms and die for him. Hell they might even do it anyway even if by some cosmic change of heart he actually peacefully accepts defeat and takes back all his talk of rigging.
> They are a cult of personality at this point. No other Presidential candidate in US history had supporters as fanatical as his. I don't know, I'm seeing a lot of fanatical support for the candidate who's under active investigation from the FBI by putting classified information on a private e-mail server to avoid Freedom of Information Requests who's married to a rapist and whose aid was married to a pedophile.
Oh yea, so much fanaticism. Hillary supporters are the ones committing voter fraud, lynching effigies of the opposing candidate and the sitting US president in the streets and in their yards, and chanting hate slurs at media members. Oh wait.
You mean the nice Hillary supporters [beat up homeless people that don't share they're opinion](http://nypost.com/2016/10/28/homeless-woman-guards-trumps-walk-of-fame-star/), [they're being paid to incite riots at Trump rallies](http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2016/10/james-okeefe-reveals-dnc-hillary-campaign-bird-dogging-incite-violence-trump-rallies-pure-evil/), [and yes even voter fraud is being committed ](http://www.aol.com/article/news/2016/10/29/three-in-florida-virginia-charged-with-voter-fraud/21594732/). Very violent, cult of personality around her. Good thing she's going to jail.
>NYPost, James O'Keefe, and aol lol
>Soros funded media, Carlos Slim funded media Lol she's going to prison.
How would you describe his opponent?
I appreciate the question rather than the assumption I am pro Hillary because of what I posted. Whether or not that was your intention. I think shes meh. She's a politician. Not one I think works maliciously to underscore the security of the state, but one who I think clings to the idea of keeping parts of her life private after she's chosen a job in the public sphere, and someone who is taking advantage of living in a capitalist society. I think many of her flaws are not hers alone and are shared by many in Washington and state politics. She is too hawkish for me, but Donald Trump and Mike Pence are way to conservative socially for me to even consider. Her lack of confidence in her actions and her subsequent web of lies and half truths she spins really bothers me, but again, I am more worried about the validity Trump is giving to hateful rhetoric. I wish she would stick to policy and not attack Trump, but it's been a messy messy cycle. I don't support her, but will use my vote towards her to stop what I believe Trump stands for.
I truly appreciate your honest reply, and have so much respect for the way you conveyed yourself. Regardless of who you vote for we are all Americans, and even more all human; we should all be as respectful to each other as you have been. Have a wonderful Sunday my friend.
What's the saying? Trump is no Hitler - but neither was Hitler, at first. Something like that.
Hitler was no Napoleon.
Hitler was taller. No data exists regarding hand size.
I mean, just because Trump isn't literally trying to bus Jews to gas chambers doesn't mean we should just ignore the similarities.
Let's be fair now. Even later Trump wouldn't bus them to the gas chambers, he'd enclose them in his counting room. He doesn't want black people handling his money, just guys in yarmulkes.
When I visited the Holocaust museum I wondered how it was possible to convince so many people to hate Jews so much they would kick a child in the face. Turns out it isn't that hard; and doesn't take very long.
Europeans disliked Jews for a long time before that. They killed Christ, and all that.
I remember about 2 years back seeing a video of a woman kicking a little girl refugee in the shins. The girl was probably only 13. Trump and this Migrant crisis has really torn the mask off of a world I thought was a lot more rational and intelligent.
I've been studying WWII since I was a kid... It's far more frightening than I can really explain. Part of it is the secondary effects as it progresses. For example, people at universities in Germany were trying to get Jews fired. By all accounts they weren't racists - they just wanted a promotion.
This is wrong, hitler didn't convince people Jews were evil it was a common trope in European culture for ages. He played on existing fears
[deleted]
Its like you didn't read the guys comment and just posted something random in response.
Don't mention Jews. Mention "international bankers".
I keep thinking that too. I was always told in school that we learn about the holocaust so that we never let it happen again. Then I hear Trump and I wonder where his supporters were during this lesson.
Yes, because not wanting to accept refugees is somehow exactly like gassing 6 gorillion jews. How can Trump be so anti-semetic? Oy Vey.
It wasn't like someone woke up one morning and said 'let's gas Jews'. It was a slow progression from blaming them from all kinds of problems, claiming that every one would be better off without them, and Germany would be great again.
I've had very similar reaction. Now when I North Korean propaganda parades and shit, instead of thinking how can all these people like just siting there looking at war machines and people marching with rifles?? Now I see it's not hard to make them compliant with that lifestyle, cus that's what we're going to be like in 3 years if we aren't carful!
Actually if you believe Noam Chomsky and consumerism *you* and *we all* are like that now.
Truth. But... no, shit you're totally right.
Obligatory not a trump supporter; but who is it that the trump crowd is out to oppress? If any side of the isle is scapegoating or harnessing hatred this election I'd say it's the one preaching that you cannot be racist towards whites or sexist towards men. I mean, they're actually painting the right as nazis. Any sign of a dissenting opinion gets you punished, aggressively. Anyone not of this sect of the left, who doesn't swear fealty to them is labeled as the great scary other, whose opinions the group members should avoid exposure to at all costs. I see the fear mongering with radical islam, and the strong man populist parallels, but I'd say there's far more hysteria on the left this election.
For some reason Republican voters feel they have permission to hate certain demographics. The justification I hear from them is nonsense and they always cite evidence that is debunked in seconds. It is terrifying that educated, professional people can. E convinced that provable bullshit is real, and provable facts are not.
Can you go into more specifics? My comment's full of things that every person, even on the far left, would likely acknowledge as an existing phenomenon, but you're not going into much detail at all. In fact, everything you just said seems to be true of the left, and not the right. I even cited the idea that you can't be racist towards white people or sexist towards men. This is taught in universities now, and this is actually scary... It really seems like a lot of the accusations of hatred on the right is projection.
Well anti-semitism wasn't exactly a new thing at the time. It had its ups and downs, but from Blood Libel to the Holocaust, there's pretty much been anti-semitism in Europe since Jews first came there.
Many of the anti Muslim memes that show up on my Facebook feed look like anti Jewish propaganda from 1930s Germany. As if someone just switched the name of the targeted group.
[removed]
And don't compare peaceful people of a peaceful religion to psychopaths who embody nothing of the sort.
I'm as anti-trump as they come, but you people gotta wake up and stop calling violent things peaceful. Not facing the truth, doesn't do anyone any good.
No one is saying any of the events that have occurred aren't violent. Obviously. But you can't conflate the psychopaths who happen to CLAIM they are Muslim with the rest of the people in a culture who are not. Just like anyone who murders people and claims to be a Christian or any other other religion.
funny how nobody mentioned anything about violent or peaceful. you're projecting quite a bit here buddy. might want to bring that goalpost back here if you want any kind of coherent argument(though somehow i doubt that)
The dude he replied to literally used the word peaceful lol try harder please
Radical Islam has its problems, just like radical Christianity does. To deny the radicals is stupid, but so is assuming all members of a religion are radicals. No religon is innocent, Christians have a very bloody history, Buddhists in Myanmar severely oppress the Muslims to the point of murdering them at times, Skiths have committed multiple terrorist attacks including the worst plane bombing ever, and second worst after 9/11.
No Muslim I've ever met has flown a plane into a building, and the last time I even heard of that happening was over 15 years ago but sure, claim billions of people all want to fly a plane into a building
You have my pity and I hope you get the help and support to unlock your potential as a human being. Are you saying that we should round up Muslims into concentration camps? All 2 billion of them? That'd be difficult to feed, maybe you can find historical inspiration from the subject of this post on a more efficient solution. The anti-Jewish propaganda would have said that the jews were causing material harm with their international banking, "other" ways, etc. Now, just like then, holding a people responsible for the actions of a few members is insane. You don't need to treat individual Muslims any different than individual Christians or atheists.
A bigot ascribes the behavior of the worst members of a group to all members of a group.
Into the basket.
Well, no, but only because suicide bombings hadn't been thought up yet and air travel was still in its infancy. There was no shortage of *individual* Jews doing bad things, because Jews are human beings and some percentage of any group of human beings are going to be jackasses. The Nazis used these individuals to paint all Jews as being horrible monsters who were a deadly threat to Germans and their way of life. What you don't seem to get is that you can never, ever use "but *these* people really *do* deserve it!" as a defense against genocide. Period. The Nazis believed that the Jews were monsters just as strongly as you believe that Muslims are monsters. If you're willing to kill Muslims now, you'd have been willing to kill Jews then.
That's a hilarious way to excuse bigotry. A billion Muslims didn't fly planes into buildings.
So typical... if every single muslim isn't a terrorist then islam must be okay. Great bar to set.
Who said modern Islam doesn't have huge problems? However proposing to ban say, a US congressman from returning from a trip to visit troops in Poland because he was Muslim, do you not see an issue with that? Remember, it was a "complete shutdown on Muslims" entering the United States.
We shouldn't let you have a gun because you're a white man and a lot of white men have been involved in mass shootings.
Yep being an American means having the right to be a gay, Muslim, gun owning, trump supporting, KKK member, Communist, If you so choose.
Reminds me of how much the Trump supporters drum up supporting the second amendment- and then say that black men should**n't**\* carry guns if they don't want to get shot by police.
We shouldn't let white guys near children because they all lock them up in basements and repeatedly rape them over the course of many years, I mean I'm not saying all white guys do that but all guys who do that are white guys
> All guys who do that are white guys that's just factually not true...
Oh sure so some quiet loner got mixed up with a bad crowd, that's nothing compared to the number of white guy child abductors, it must be something in their genetics that makes them like that
what are your even trying to say...?
The so called extremists are the ones actually following the holy books though. How good or bad a muslim is perceived to be by those those outside of the faith is proportional to how much they *don't* follow the religious teachings. When you have a majority of muslims polled in several countries supporting the tenant of killing apostates, that's a problem. Confusing an attack on the religion itself with an attack on the people who follow it based on race seems to be a common mistake. Criticizing bad ideas like Islam isn't bigotry. Christianity is an equally false ideology, but Islam is certainly the most dangerous religion currently.
Talk to me about treating Muslims poorly when Christians start loving one another before everything else. Until then, can it. And the argument that "Islam isn't a race" is nonsense. Religious fear was used to keep out the Irish, Italians, Polish, etc. It's just a dog whistle and a distraction. You can't ban a religion, you can't ban a race, and that filthy ideology is being consigned to the ash bin of history. Welcome to being a decent human being.
Also, suicide bombings were tactics used by Irgun and Lehi terrorist groups prior to the founding of Israel - just because *some* members of a group of people are assholes who commit vile atrocities, it hardly means every member of that group is responsible or even *thinks* the way the assholes do. Or even *most* members of that group are like that. There's closer to two billion Muslims in the world, IIRC - wouldn't you think things would look a hell of a lot different if they were all evil assholes trying to murder everyone else?! Oh. Right, that would require *thinking* logically, which you sure as hell aren't going to get from a bigot who condemns an entire population of human beings for the actions of a few. Someone who is broadly lumping entire populations as essentially an identical hive-mind, and dehumanizing them in order to justify violence and atrocities against them would fit in *perfectly* in Nazi Germany. Anyway, obviously addressing that to the dude above you, not you, DuncanYoudaho - I think we're thinking along the same exact lines. (Also, excellent choice of username, and really makes me want to re-read the series. :D)
> suicide bombings were tactics used by Irgun and Lehi That's bullshit. They used bombs, but they usually targeted military targets and they never used suicide bombers AFAIK.
Just scanning the Wikipedia article posted above, it looks like MOSTLY civilian targets...markets, buses, hotels, etc.
That's during the Arab revolt, not during the insurgency period. The Arab revolt consisted of Arab civilians trying to kill Jews, so they fought back. Besides, that doesn't change the fact that they did not use suicide bombers.
If even 1% of Muslims were terrorists there would be thousands of attacks daily. Events like 9/11 would be a common occurrence.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Irgun_attacks It's really interesting stuff to learn about, but unfortunately most history classes will gloss over the Irgun and Jewish terrorism.
That's because it was relatively minor and only came as a response to Arab massacres of Jewish civilians. It's important to note that the Jewish paramilitary organizations were only formed to defend the Jews from Arab attacks after the 1929 Hebron massacre. That was the event that started the conflict. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1929_Hebron_massacre
Largely against fighters, not completely targeting civilians.
Because that tactic was developed in Algeria a few years later, and almost immediately caught on in the other French colonies like Vietnam.
I am the Kwisatz Had-a-rash. It got better. The conflation of religious identity with political affiliation is a truly pernicious tactic. It has lead to persecutions, pogroms and genocide. Being able to justify collective punishment based on the act of a small group of politically motivated malcontents is allowing tyranny. We cannot stand for the hint of it not entertain it as a part of radical discourse.
Why are you friends on Facebook with people who post anti-Muslim memes?
Right? He should surely know absolutely everything about everyone he's ever connected with on facebook.
I know you're being sarcastic, but if I suddenly found someone posting crap like that, I would unfriend them.
Someone replied to your post showing just just how effective that bullshit is. Had to screenshot it for a sensible chuckle later.
In 1945 British soldiers liberated Nazi concentration camps and swore "never again". In 1950 British soldiers threw 10% of Malaysia into concentration camps. So the next time you hear "never again", remember that never only lasted 5 years.
Who was in charge of Malaysia?
Human memories are unfortunately really, really short when it comes to the absolute worst sides of us. :(
Eh that's not a great comparison. They weren't planning on committing genocide against Chinese ethnics. The counter insurgency plan was actually quite effective. Malaysia defeated the communist rebels, and today Chinese Malaysians have the highest incomes despite large scale institutional racism by the governments there.
They didn't even free the gays, so that "never again" was bullshit
didn't the British "invent" concentration camps in their wars against the Boers?
Yes, the intent was to defeat guerrilla by interning all citizens into camps so that way guerrillas couldn't mingle with the population. Obviously that's a very slippery slope and the logistics for supplying those camps fucked up which lead to starvation for the inmates and even the guards
Kind of. The concentration camps in the Boer War were designed to keep people under control in small areas - conditions were horrible, but they were prison camps, not extermination camps.
Yes they did. In fact they committed many atrocities in Africa, and actually in many other countries as well. The Germans were only unique in their meticulous efficiency (and the fact that they were the last ones not sitting down when the music stopped), the British had been carrying out genocides on every continent for centuries. with some help from the Spanish in America and the Dutch in Africa.
If you could find a European nation that hasn't participated in genocide in some way, I'd be impressed.
If you could find any colonial nation more like.
If you discount financing the nazis - Switzerland. but Sweden should get some credit for reverse genocide. saving the entire Danish Jewish community in WWII as well as thousands of Norwegian and Hungarian Jews
It's not like the Holocaust was Germany's first genocide either: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Herero_and_Namaqua_genocide
We kinda invented the term no?
There was also this monster https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leopold_II_of_Belgium
You want to know something scary... Brits are not taught about Malaya. It's not in the school syllabus or ever talked about. I doubt anyone outside of history fans and Armed Forces officers know anything about it. 99% of Brits will deny our country ever run concentration camps and they will be genuinely believing it.
It's fucking scary. I'm jewish and enjoy learning history, and took a class in college specifically about Germany between WWI and WWII. So much focus in teaching history is on Germany during WWII, and rightfully so, but this class was all about the time leading up, and it's just such an interesting, sad view into the human psyche.
I suggest you take a class in learning more about legalised propaganda in the US. There's a reason your veteran soldiers get wheeled out at the Super Bowl and it's not because your government actually gives a shit about them.
I know.
I highly recommend [In the Garden of Beasts](https://www.amazon.com/Garden-Beasts-Terror-American-Hitlers/dp/030740885X) for anybody looking for an easy non-fiction read about this time in history.
've been to Auschwitz, Dachau, and Sachenhausen. In Sachenhausen they have pictures of the victims, German liberals, trade unionists, Russians and of course Jews. I found most interesting the pictures of the guards, under each photo is a short bio. A man might have been a baker or locksmith, become unemployed and later find himself shooting jews or hanging intellectuals. (there were no mass killings in Sachenhausen. 100,000+ in 9 years, which is bad enough ) The very ordinariness of them is what shocked, and the houses nearby a ordinary German town. I came away with the thought if the Germans could do this anyone could do this. One guard stuck in my mind, the photo showed a cheerful chubby 50 y/o man in a fedora posing with his bicycle. A former hardware store clerk who had fought and won medals in WWI, he joined the Nazi party to help pull Germany out of its mess in 1936. Fast forward 9 years and this cheerful chap is found guilty of beating 3 Jewish women to death and shooting Russian prisoners. He really didn't look the type Later I saw the film "Defiance" where a bunch of Jews in Poland got help from a farmer and hid in the forest. I asked my companions, "if the Muslims pulled off another 911 and the gov began rounding them up and a Muslim family came to your door saying "they are killing us in camps" would you help them?" Not a single one would I'm sad to say. right after an experiance like that. I've asked a few since then, the odds are 30:1ish. Most would turn them away, arrest them or shoot them right there in the street.
To some degree, I think the times were different. In previous generations, war was frequent enough that serving in a deadly war was almost a rite of passage for men. I would think that would blunt the public's reaction to certain kinds of horrific events that are shocking by today's standards. Also, many civilians might have grown up on farms where they slaughter animals, and the way Jews were being treated at the time reduced them to lower than animal status. I think today's civilians would have a hard time tolerating such horrific acts, let alone participating in them because they're so far out of the bounds of what we're used to.
> "if the Muslims pulled off another 911 and the gov began rounding them up and a Muslim family came to your door saying "they are killing us in camps" would you help them?" I am not sure what comparison you are trying to make here, no Jews did anything that resembled 911 in Germany or anywhere in Eastern Europe in the interwar period. Also you're saying "the Muslims" as if that means they all got together as one big group and did something.
Well the Jews caused Germany to lose WW1 undermining the home front and they all were in on it according to Adolf.
Yes, basically according to him The Jews were the group to blame for everything, just nothing actually happened. But this wasn't a new thing, he was just kind of exacerbating the anti-semitism that was already there. This can also be seen in a movie like Defiance where we're seeing Russian anti-semitism.
Germany 1932-1933 is a time period that should be required learning for *anyone*. It's amazing how quickly the basic levers of democracy came apart at the seems. The Nuremburg Laws, Nacht der langen Messer, Kristallnacht, it's all fascinating history. But the utter collapse of the Weimar Republic in about 12 months is straight up terrifying, because it enabled all the rest.
Hitler wouldnt have come to power if the great depression hadnt happend. When the economy falls apart an oppurtunist like Hitler can exploit the vacuum. If Trump had ran in 2008 he might have made it, but now things are ok so there is not enough dissent for him to exploit.
I tend to agree, and I'd like to be clear that I don't really like the Hitler-Trump comparison. Hitler has written in Mein Kampf that the extermination of the Jews would be a necessary step to reclaiming Germany the better part of a decade before he became chancellor, he had an attempted coup on his resume that was what had put him in prison in the first place. Hitler was flashing major warning signs a while in advance. Trump gives off a handful of fascist authoritarian strongman vibes, but those are a dime a dozen in the world; Hitler was a special case. What Trump already is makes for plenty to vote him down on the merits alone without comparison to Hitler.
I highly doubt that Trump want to send muslims and mexicans to concentration camps. But blaming the problems of a nation on ethnic groups are semi facistic. I agree with your post comparing Hitler to Trump is taking things too far but there are similarities that should be acknowledged.
> It's amazing how quickly the basic levers of democracy came apart at the seems. No it's not. Germany never had democratic traditions like England,France or the US. Germany was faced with severe economic problems so they went with an iron fisted dictator like they had.....since the founding of Germany.
Not just Germany though. The entire era is... kinda amazing, in a terrifying way.
But just studying those two years really only tells us *how* it happened. For the why, you need to go back farther than that. A good helping of German unification, a dash of imperialism, some british exceptionalism, and a bit of looming power shifts throughout the 19th century all led to conditions that allowed Hitler to do what the did. Just being able to recognize the symptoms doesn't really help that much, because it doesn't change the minds of those who are causing them, ex. Trump supporters deny facts, it's the entire basis of his campaign. If we're going to fix the problem just presenting facts isn't enough, people need to *feel* like the facts are helping them otherwise they'll pursue counter logical ends out of frustration.
I don't mean to be a dick, you just might like to know: the expression is actually "came apart at the *seams*", like a bag or a piece of clothing falling apart.
haha, point taken. My bad! I prefer speech, I can sound educated without giving away the fact that I would much rather be working with numbers than words.
that was probably just autocorrect, man.
Autocorrect loses many Reddit debates. Misspellings trump ideas on the internet!
Weimar had been falling apart for a while. Its leaders had ruled by decree under Article 48 since 1930 in response to its notoriously inefficient political system. Had Weimar's previous leaders not also been dictators, it would've been harder for Hitler to come to power and consolidate it. Germany was like a frog in boiling water. Eventually the frog got hurt.
> Had Weimar's previous leaders not also been dictators, George Bush's Creeping Dictatorship where he bullied the entire country into going to war, ruined the careers of everybody who disagreed, started torture programs and the survellence state Patriot Act, has already set the precident Trump to run with. Yikes.
You're exaggerating.
It's not really an exaggeration. The system was designed by the founders to restrain the president and the executive branch. But the last 30 years have seen a massive shift in power from the legislature to the presidency. What if a president begins ignoring the separation of powers entirely? Then populates the nation's enforcers - the FBI, the military - with people sympathetic to their vision?
> its notoriously inefficient political system repeat problem repeat results
The Weimar Republic had 40 competing political parties. Its fragmentation/inefficiency is incomparable to America's gridlock.
i don't think it's incomparable, i think we don't want to compare it because we don't want to deal with the problem
Agreed. The SPD and KPD weren't exactly world beater options; everyone remembers the SA being a terror in the streets but the Iron Front and Schwarz-Rot-Gold were both equally horrible (potential false equivalence? I'm not sure). Hitler was obviously more horrible than Otto Wels in hindsight, but for the average German in 1932? Maybe that's tough to see.
This is the mistake many people make. Hilter didn't convince people to hate Jews, they already did, he just harnessed that power. trump didn't convince people to hate, he is just harnessing their power
There is no one hating anyone. Half of the European population is sick and tired of this "you are such a racist/hater" -bs, I hope in US you can do better.
> There is no one hating anyone. That's why there was no one planning to bomb an apartment. [Oh wait](http://www.cnn.com/2016/10/14/us/mosque-attack-thwarted-kansas/).
>there is no one hating anyone Except black people tired of being treated poorly by cops, immigrants tired of being treated poorly for immigrating, women tired of being treated poorly for being women, lgbt tired of being treated poorly for being lgbt, and muslims tired of being treated poorly for being islamic.
"Ah, but those people *deserve* to be hated, so they don't count." -- Hitler/Trump supporter 1930s/2010s
> There is no one hating anyone Am I dense, or is this a bizarre statement? I grew up in Europe, and I've seen all kinds of racism - from a sort-of-benign "Nothing against the Jews, but I wish they'd be a bit better at running the world economy from their shadowy cabal" to "I will block my neighbour's planning permission to enlarge his house because his wife is visibly-foreign" to immigrants who have been repeatedly assaulted by people who made no secret of their xenophobic motives. I was even spat on by a skinhead myself one time, in an S-bahn in Munich. You can quibble over how many of those qualify as "hatred", but to say that *none* of them do is absurd.
[removed]
It fits in just fine. Nobody is accusing Trump of antisemetism.
Well, Arabs are technically a Semitic people. It's not the normal usage of the word, but if you don't have to stretch the definition *too* much for it to fit.
You think the article is talking about Jews being Trump's scapegoat?
The only people showing hate and violence towards anyone is the oh so tolerant left
[deleted]
ah, the daily copy pasta for the blind trump supporters. How boring.
No I think the Republican Party + Trump and European populists and fascists have genuinely convinced people to blindly hate refugees. It's frankly disgusting that women and children fleeing war, death and terrorism are so insanely discriminated against and hated. It sickens me that we've reduced the most persecuted people on the planet to subhuman.
The thing is- we actually don't have a huge percent of refugees here compared to a historical perspective. We just aren't told that. We also didn't all die from Ebola, but that was the last election cycle.
Not everyone who sided with Hitler hated Jews, just like not everyone who sides with Trump hates Muslims or Hispanics. It's fear and a hurt pride both these people are harnessing. People like this pop up during a time of civil unrest. For Germany it was post WW1 and how the country looked after it. The country was in shambles and needed a shift but the problem is extremely complex and it's hard to know where to start/if it's working. Here comes Hitler with the solution. He feels the pain *you* feel but actually knows how to fix it. He also know whose responsible, the Jews. "They are hurting us, and wrecking our economy." So now you have people ranging from "fuck the Jews they are ruining everything!!" to "my neighbor is Jewish and he's not so bad, but the country is in shambles and maybe if we just did this things could be better." Fear for the countries well being and the inability to empathize with the group facing the blame help leads to that blind eye being turned; meanwhile the ones with actual hate feel vindicated. For the US it's a bunch of little things building up over time but wealth disparity and the Iraq War played a big part in all this. Obama has done some really good things for growth in our economy, but try telling that to a lot of middle America whose towns depended on the industries being targeted. When factory and manufacturing jobs go over seas or to machines, coal and oil get attacked, and now the one plant that feeds the towns profits shuts down...people don't exactly start to give a fuck about the environment or how well the stock market is doing. They are wondering how they are going to feed their family. Trump can "fix" that. He'll tell the "hippie liberals" to fuck off and bring back the power plants. He'll chase out the muslims who attacked us and the Mexicans who are taking the farming jobs. We'll win wars, you'll have money, we'll be great again. He'll restore America's pride, and we'll rebuild.
you know just killing all the jews would not have let a country who was disarmed in ww1 and had all her colonies taken away and its industrial base removed get to the brink of winning ww2. Same with Japan. You had a country who literally a hundred years back was almost turned into a US colony with the black ships and unequal treaties yet 50 years later beat russia in a war and in ww2 beat every single european power in the pacific. They have to have done something right.
There were skilled administrators and propagandists that were able to leverage feelings of humiliation and inferiority to start conflicts that ultimately led to the demise of the country and suffering of billions. The war effort went well initially for Germany due to excellent leadership in the Wermacht, Hitler himself made the greatest error of attacking Russia at that point in time. I would argue that the axis powers never got all that close to finishing Britain, Russia or the US off. Japan mainly took advantage of the fact that attentions were elsewhere for the European powers, and thus snatched up soft colonies and a large portion of China. They would be severely outmatched in a land war or late war USSR manufacturing capabilities. Yes, the leadership wasn't incompetent for the most part, but it wasn't exactly miraculous or genius either. A lot of the victories said more about the lack of preparation and readiness of China and the European powers for war, due to the dismissal of Hitler as all talk.
do you not realize how far behind they were? Japan 100 years prior was still using swords and 15-16th century muskets in their armies. Any other nation would have become another colony like the other asian countries. Yet 50 years after they beat Russia in a war. Germany was disarmed and had her industrial base taken. I still dont know how they were able to rebuild anything resembling an army tbh yet they did right after having to pay reparations no less and was able to conquer france pretty quickly. The russian thing is a mistake although it seems ike they expected russia to turn on them as well. Although I suspect that if they had managed to keep russia in an alliance both britain and america would have fallen. but of course according to people here all they did was "kill all jews" and somehow everything magically worked out.
Firstly no-one is saying the Nazis did absolutely nothing but "kill all jews". You say that "they must have done something right", but can you be more specific than that? And yes, the Japanese industrialization was indeed an amazingly quick process. Yes, there are certain advantages to an authoritarian government, in that things can get done easier. However, one must remember that the purpose of democratic and republican process is to stop any single individual or ideology from determining the entire government process. There are many excesses caused by single party states as well. One can view WW2, Holocaust, Japanese Colonial aspirations as excesses of their respective governments. These things did little to help the people of their country in the short or long run (long run because they lost), even if we ignore the moral ramifications of things like Japan's actions in Asia during the sino-japanese war/ WW2. Incredibly poor domestic policies can also result from single party governance, such as the Great Leap Forward initiative in Mao's China which caused a large famine. Remember that people make mistakes, and the less intelligent, qualified people you involve in governance, the more likely large mistakes will occur. Hitler was no military genius. Some of his generals were very very good though. He let them handle their armies autonomously, for the most part, which led to great successes in Europe.
It is so interesting to read about different Jewish citizens who were excused by some of the highest members of command. It really enforces the idea that they used all those people for political gain, not because they really thought Jews were evil.
> not because they really thought Jews were evil. They killed an awful amount of them through industrialized murder for \^that^ to be true though, don't you think?
Maybe Goebbles and Goering. They almost unilaterally implemented the whole thing.
Hitler don't real Himmler don't real Heydrich don't real Eichmann don't real Höss don't real
Over my head.
Much as the industrial revolution brought on the labor movement. Changes in culture are harder for some to adjust or adapt to. We have had a technological revolution that we are not yet equipped for- Hillary's emails are an example of that. The people who think she did something horrible are from each extreme- those who are extremely tech proficient and those who are extremely tech ignorant. Those of us in between mostly realize that she was using a new tool without sufficient background in how it all actually works. A point many seem to miss is that it is equally bad to use a .gov email account for classified info as a private server- neither system is appropriate, but classified info was discussed in the same ways in emails as it had been over unsecured phone lines for generations. People were just using a convenient form of communication that keeps a record of that communication. Most my bosses in corporate jobs also did not understand this concept (which saved my butt a few times). We really need a tech expert at cabinet level power, IMO.
> people don't exactly start to give a fuck about the environment or how well the stock market is doing. They are wondering how they are going to feed their family Trump voters have a median income that places them well outside of "not feeding your family" zone. They have a higher median income than the average american, and use the argument of economic malaise to disguise cultural revolt and racial resentment.
This is one of the greatest accomplishments of the right wing propaganda machine. They somehow convinced the most privileged people living in the greatest country in the world that they're somehow in severe economic dire straits. It's weird how disconnected their beliefs are from reality.
Yep, my grandpa lives in a trailer with holes in the walls and floors he just covers with plywood, despite being a retired fucking carpenter, and has bought five new handguns this last year alone because there's no way Obama's leaving office peacefully. They really don't live in the same world as the rest of us anymore.
I'm not American, so I'm not trying to be mean when I say this but holy shit! I thought these people only existed in movies.
Hatred was already there and it took decade of slowly making laws and humiliating German Jewish citizens till they were not seen as human anymore. So a 10 year old would of grown up seeing Jewish citizens lose businesses, lose right to university, watched them as SS forces them to clean streets, see that smashing up thier homes was okay, forcing them into ghettos. Till that kid is 20 and able to kill them in the street or watch as they are taken away to be killed without caring because years of propaganda against Jewish citizens as they grew up. These things don't happen over night years of fear and hatred encouraged by those in power
nearly 90% of all buisnesses belonged to Jews at that time in Germay. Non Jews basically got squeezed out of the big buisness. Can read more here. http://www.rense.com/general29/why.htm
Isn't rense a conspiracy theorist with anti semantic pro Nazi views?
Did you expect anything else?
Most continental Europeans at the time lived off their land or were in trades. Jews weren't allowed to buy land or join trades. Businesses was the only way they could make a living.
AS far as i know they are not allowed because their religion doesnt allow hard work.
That is incorrect. There were specific laws made by non-Jews in many European countries which restricted or prevented Jews from buying land or entering many trades. Jews were generally allowed to work land as tenants, which involves very hard work, and this was very common in eastern Europe. If you want to develop a better understanding of the place of Jews in Weimar Germany and in the places that would be invaded by the Nazis prior to that invasion, I recommend asking /r/AskHistorians. They will be able to give you detailed answers to questions you might have, and will be able to give you neutral, academically rigorous sources to read through for further information. The source you have been reading from is not neutral, and is meant to persuade you to believe things that are either partially or totally false.
Don't forget that most of Europe had already been abusing and using them as a scapegoat for hundreds of years.
kind of like how the oligarchy has been riling people up about minorities for decades
Yeah, luckily there isn't years of hatred and resentment in America towards Mexicans, Muslims, or black people.
It's populism and sheer backward thinking at it's finest. Hitler rose to power to "make Germany great again" and took the nation down a dark path while doing so
And IIRC Hitler did indeed improve Germany greatly in a time that they needed it, and where hitler promised that Germany would be a great nation by conquest (IIRC), trump promises that he will make America great through foreign deals, but this is where trump is a hypocrite, he has no plans to actually improve America or make it better.
Two notable differences between Hitler and Trump: Hitler rose to power in an era where Germans were legitimately upset due to the state of their country after WW1, shit was really bad at the time. The US has merely had a bit of a tumble if that. Hitler was a very competent man (before he went insane,) Trump is not.
> (before he went insane,) When was that?
1917 or so?
I guess so, but that would mean he was not competent when it really mattered and thus does not much to support the claim that "Hitler was a very competent man".
the old Brit(?) propaganda claimed it was syphilis
I've seen some documentaries and read some decently compelling evidence for amphetamine psychosis, too. Either way, yeah, check out the difference in his rhetoric and behavior from before and during the earlier days of the war, compared to towards the end - there's a lot of accounts from people close to him that noted he became extremely paranoid and erratic...though honestly, that could just as easily be explained by the stress of fighting a war you know your side is losing, as well as having a pretty enormous number of unsuccessful assassination attempts made on his life, as well.
And Parkinson's, and who knows what from fighting in WW1. I don't think it's a stretch to say he was a bit of his rockers.
the popular one repeated by many US veterans of WWII, was Hitler's one testicle
Effectively, six years of economic growth was destroyed by the recession. The lowest real GDP/capita during the recession was still higher than at any time before 2003. 2003 was alright. We tend to forget how devastating total war is.
GDP/capita doesn't mean much when there's a mass movement of capital concentrating at the top.
Well, the wealth and economic strength of our country as a whole is pretty important, but let's agree to disagree. Of note, recessions are defined as times when GDP falls over two successive quarters, which is why people bring up GDP when discussing recessions. The lowest [real median personal income](https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/MEPAINUSA672N) following the recession was still higher than at any time before 1997. 1997 was alright. And this distracts us from the real point, which is that total war is devastating. Losing 6 years of economic growth... it hurts, but it's offensive to even insinuate it's equal that to the death, destruction, and economic devastation of total war. And that's not even factoring in the Great Depression, which is on another level in terms of economic catastrophes. The Recession lowered per capita GDP by 5% over 6 quarters. That's equivalent to a 0.1% reduction in per capita GDP growth over 50 years. The calculation is e^(50x)=1/(1-0.05). So over your lifetime, the Recession is just as bad as any policy which will hurt per capita GDP growth by 0.1%. Let you be the judge on if a 0.1% reduction in lifetime per capita GDP growth is a tumble or devastating.
It was a simple offhand comment, I don't think anyone outside of the elites and the defense industry are advocating going to war for profits. Bush/Cheney arguably did so at the cost of a huge increase in national debt that we'll live with for the next 50 years if we're lucky, Obama has continued it, and Hillary will do the same or worse, Trump is a wildcard and will probably lead us into another war... I don't have a point here, only that we lose no matter what the outcome of the election is.
Hitler did not improve Germany. Unless you consider a better economy at the cost of war, genocide, and the eventually carpet bombing and fracturing of the nation an improvement.
Yes but for the case of argument I am both ignoring trump's racist acts and Hitler's racist acts and speaking purely on economics and the state of the country. (Note hitlers acts are far more significant than trump's, of course, but just ignore that for the sake of the point of the entirety of this argument)
If time stopped in 1942, you might be right. But it didn't. Rearming Germany and invading its neighbors looked like a successful policy for a couple of years, but just a couple years after that, with German cities reduced to rubble and half the country run as a Soviet puppet state, Hitler's policies looked like the worst thing that ever happened to Germany.
> just ignore that for the sake of the point of the entirety of this argument I mean... I'm trying but... I mean, no, he objectively made Germany worse. You can make a country at war sound productive if you just count the number of bombs you build as products, but when you're sucking your resources dry at an alarming rate to keep your head above water against a resourceful enemy and simultaneously dumping vast amounts of time, energy, money, resources etc into moving people around and killing them en masse the math doesn't really add up I'm afraid. I dunno I'm just tired of people saying he improved the economy. He stained the nation's very soul, no economic recovery is worth that. Unless you're a monster.
And the conclusion of Hilters acts, even if we ignore his main legacy, was a war ravaged country which was split in two.
He almost turned the whole world into Germany in the process. He nearly succeeded.
Minus the war, Hitler did great things to the german economy.
The fact that you guys have continually refused to look at it outside of your own viewpoint was your downfall. The arrogance to believe that your upbringing and your way of thinking is the only way of thinking that is correct is the reason why you won't win. You got complacent and cocky, and now it's over, Trump will be president. Good job.
In fairness, in a lot of ways he did. Source: anti-Nazi neo-Marxist Michael Kalecki http://mrzine.monthlyreview.org/2010/kalecki220510.html
That's what I thought when I first heard him talk back in the RNC primaries in June. If you replace every instance of America with Germany and Muslims/Mexicans with Jews/Homosexuals/Gypsies, tell me what you hear. Load up a few youtube videos of him talking in the primaries and try it.
> It's populism and sheer backward thinking at it's finest. It's a perversion of populism, to be more accurate.
But, Germany is doing pretty great now, no? So you're saying that, long-term, sometimes Hitler is the right choice?
One of the primary differences being, of course, that Germany really WAS in the shitter, unlike 2015-2016 USA.
The way in which they engendered public support is correct, but Trump isn't a populist, he's a nativist. He's anti establishment-elite, claiming they are corrupt, but the distinction is that Trump does not believe in the sovereignty of the people, giving power to them, as populism is supposed to follow through with. For Trump, the only person capable of fixing the system is himself, since his business 'prowess' makes him the perfect person to run the government as just that, a business.
> Trump does not believe in the sovereignty of the people, giving power to them Can you elaborate here? What makes you think Trump feels this way against the people?
I was trying to get at the definition of populism and why Trump doesn't tick some of the necessary boxes. Populist movements aim to grant the people power, banging on about how the elite have led us astray. We see this with the calls from UKIP pre-Brexit to "take back Britain's sovereignty" based on the ridiculous idea that Brussels dictates too many aspects of our lives and that the British people themselves should have that power. It's not so much that Trump is AGAINST the people, he's just not for them. His form of nationalism is exclusive (deport foreigners) as opposed to inclusive (build up the position of the people), his economic policies would see the top 1% benefit (granted this is common for much of the right wing but it still goes against empowering the ordinary people) But his personal attitude says the most. He's all about promoting the Trump name and brand. He believes he is the most qualified person for the job and he alone (well in this case his VP) will make the decisions. Looking at his dismissal of security experts and intelligence directors emphasises how little trump cares about empowering anyone but himself.
Obama originally ran with a populist theme and claimed endlessly that he was fixing up a mess others created. His slogan was "Change". I had no problems with it, my point is only that I feel like this is such a stretch and to compare the two is insulting and disingenuous. Wouldn't fear mongering involve comparing a political opponent to a genocidal maniac? That's insulting to holocaust survivors. And also to our nation's system of checks and balances. How are you different than the embarrassment that was McCain supporters comparing Obama to Muslim terrorists because his middle name is Hussein?
Also, see the night of long knives, he doesn't have to win. It's already too late.
any politician that promises to try to make the country better= Hitler. Got it.
Germany was actually in a really bad way at the time, though. America could be better but it's already the 'greatest' country in the world, economically, militarily, technologically, etc.
~~I feel the need to thank you for offering a counterpoint without being crude or insulting to the abstract concept of people disagreeing with you.~~ edit: I saw your subsequent replies :(
America might be the greatest militarily, but not economically or technologically. These are the words of a sheltered person who I'm assuming has never been to any other county.
The problem is none of his policies will make us anywhere near great.
US has the largest GDP, Euro and China follow. Technology can be measured a lot of different ways, patent grants US is #1, university and institutional published research no one else is even close. I have been to many countries and I work in technology. If you have an actual argument, please make it instead of just waving your hands.
Not OP, but they may have been talking about GDP per capita. Although I don't know the most useful measure here
Most people wouldn't regard Qatar or Macao the greatest economies in the world. Likewise, Saudi Arabia doesn't have the greatest military in the world even tho they spend the most per capita. Bringing this back from the weeds, my original point was that America today is nothing like Germany was when Hitler rose to power in terms of "greatness", however that is defined. Is that a fair statement?
It depends on where you live. A lot of (but not all) urban areas in the U.S. have exploded economically, while the rural areas have continued to decline (see: rust belt). Technologically though, the U.S. is a mess. We haven't invested in large public infrastructure projects in forever, with some of the worst Internet infrastructures in the developed world. There's a reason why physical media and rental stores are still surprisingly large outside of major cities.
Did you listen to Trump's speeches? Everything is "disaster", every trade deal is "the worst ever". This is something that bugs me the most about Trump. He has seemingly zero vision or constructive criticism to offer to America. I always thought especially you proud Americans would refuse this. Guliani speaks of the train going over the cliffs and only Trump can save you, he's the only tremendous, great and genius solution to everything. Go aks around here in Germany. There's no country on earth more educated when it comes to that particular part of our history and I am by far not the only one who sees obvious parallels.
Of course there are parallels, all I am saying is that Germany was far more ripe for a populist revolt. Trump has to lie like crazy, and build on the freakish lies of the right for the last 8-20 years, to get the kind of traction he has. Many Americans are very sad about this, just look at this forum, its dominated not so much by Hillary supporters but Trump haters. The other point that has been made over and over is that Trump is really stupid, ignorant, and incompetent. Hitler may have been fundamentally more evil, but he was none of those three things. At least I thought. I am open to an informed opinion.
Except for Trump supporters don't 'feel' that to be true. They think America is in the same position as 1930s Germany.
I apologize. Forgot we live in a post-fact society. Personally I won't be voting for Trump because of his many tentacles and his support of Cthulu, and instead will vote for Hillary who is the second coming of Jesus and has promised unlimited donuts and to cure all cancer.
Hillary is far from ideal but Trump is just completely unacceptable as a candidate. HIllary is at least qualified to be president.
Guy's a nightmare. ISIS, Putin, Kim Jong-Un, Assad, etc would be throwing freakin parties if he won. McMullin or Johnson would at least not plunge us into chaos.
Wait, you're voting *against* Cthulhu?
Yeah, I mean his supporters SAY Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn, but he's clearly alive. Plus the blatant pandering gets to me, like [this](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/3b/b3/38/3bb3383b1f21ecfd7137a0b5f2f515b7.jpg). Plus, what worlds has he destroyed LATELY? Lotta talk.
This. Promising to fix everything, saying that you have to dismantle the system in order to fix it: "I alone can fix it" is a nice summation of that. Also stoking anger against minorities and blaming them for everything wrong with the country. Trump is no Hitler. He lacks the discipline and smarts to be as dangerous as Hitler. But he is following the fascist playbook.
[deleted]
Trump has been scapegoating Muslims and Mexicans, not Jews.
AMEN! And he wouldn't be nearly as popular if Bernie Sanders was at the podium, still!!
So what's the alternative to fixing a broken country? Just wait it out and hope the system fixes it for you? Hope people just change their methods and things just get better? Sometimes drastic action is required. I'm no history buff but from what I understand, Germany was in a terrible place when Hitler first took power. Jobs were scarce, immigrants had taken many of the lower and middle class jobs from the native Germans, and times were tough. We're not quite at that point in America where most people can't find a bottom-of-the-barrel job if they really had to, but we're getting there. Similar to the situation in the Philippines where the drug trade/abuse, and political corruption had gotten out of control. Now they have Duterte kicking ass and most native Filipinos I've talked to love him, and love what he's doing, but most Americans or Western Europeans that read the news about what's going on there think he's Hitler because he's doing something that isn't democratic and Americans believe that if it's not democratic then it must be evil.
To be fair Hitler was fucking evil, but he repaired the German economy, improved infrastructure, restored military, built a short lived empire, and restored pride. He was a great leader albeit a terrible human being.
> This. Promising to fix everything, saying that you have to dismantle the system in order to fix it "Fundamentally transform America." Obama said that. All presidents sound like Hitler in one way or another. Maybe that's because Hitler was a good leader. A horribly evil individual but a good leader.
The only difference is Hitler was a leader whereas Trump is more of a puppet. Make no mistake, he has a close network of support around him in the form of PR vultures and lapdogs; as long as he keeps a core base of rabidly loyal supporters he will always have a team of experts around him who pull his strings and can be smart for him. Don't underestimate Trump, he may be an undisciplined idiot, but he's still very dangerous with those people around him propping him up. When the public are eventually done supporting him, they'll find a replacement Trump who doesn't stink quite as bad.
Obama said that he would stop the tides from rising... every single politician over promises.
[The British had a plan to assassinate Hitler with snipers in late 1944, but decided to scrub the mission because they were afraid his replacement might be a better strategist.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Foxley)
I can toy the idea that trump is hitler and Hillary is Satan. Makes things slightly easier to vote for.
Hitler really did fix Germany as a nation, though. People like to ignore that because of the Holocaust, but he salvaged a nation that was literally using their currency as wallpaper.
Well said.
Hitler made many many mistakes and the greatest was believing he was smarter than his military advisors... ...who said D-Day would happen at Normandy. He disagreed.
> Trump is no Hitler. He lacks the discipline and smarts to be as dangerous as Hitler. Hitler started with a battered country in the gutter, Trump would start with the sole superpower in the world. That makes Trump as dangerous as Hitler. I'd say way more so
Nobody hates Trump more than me, believe me. But he wouldn't be as dangerous as Hitler because: * Germany was in desperate straits, and people are willing to accept really bad things in desperate times * America is not nearly as desperate and many of the things Trump wants to do can't be done in our system * The Weimar republic was a few years old when Hitler took over, the American republic and its institutions are much better established * Germans who lived under kings for millennia were more used to tolerating authoritarianism than Americans after 200+ years of democracy So let's not get carried away.
Same things were said of pre-Hitler Germany: Germany is the land of poets and philosophers, a mob can't rise to power here. Germany is too economically advanced and trade-dependent now to try to be a war nation again. And on and on
Also Hitler spoke in complete sentences and was a extremely good orator, unlike Trump with his "I know the best people" shtick.
enjoy the upvote- that's damn spot on-
No, I disagree. Fascism refers to government control of speech and inequality. What Hillary has done is worse than fascism, in that [she has sold our country to the highest bidder.](https://i.sli.mg/XBLfT3.jpg) She attempted to conceal this by having a private email server, and when people found out, she destroyed the evidence (obstruction of justice). Hillary enriched herself, while putting the interest of foreign countries and corporations first, hurting the poor and middle class. *That* is true fascism. Edit: Fasicsm is promoting inequality, and censoring all who disagree with you. When Hillary sells out the country for her own benefit, she does it at the expense of the poor and middle class. Her actions promote inequality.
[deleted]
The emotional child's guide to fascism. FASCISM!? YOU ARE SAYING HE IS LITERALLY HITLER?
I think you are connecting a with x here. Because you have "evidence" that Hillary bought out weapons deals does not mean you can instantly connect the dots to emails=delete=end of world. Sure, some of the shit she does is untrustworthy. However, does that necessarily mean she is a corrupt witch who is going to blow up America? I personally don't believe so, but you can let your old pal Donald and the guys at t_d tell you overwise
Fascism is totalitarian nationalism. I.e. Imprisoning political opponents; revoking democratic rights etc . I.e. Not being able to criticise the leader because of implications to your family. Are you really sure that you want an angry tax evader rather than a weak email hider? Aside from this, have you considered what would happen to the middle/working classes if the dollar tanks ? Do you still remember the recession in 08? It's fair on you to vote as you like, but let's not act like both main party candidates are any better than each other. Both have had incidents of obstruction of justice, both are seasoned liars. One has sexual assault to add to their pile along with tax evasion. The other one has rigging the primaries and having a private server without authorisation on their pile. Again, in terms of fucking the lower earners over , road tolls seem like a great idea to keep them poorer. Imagine going New York to Denver on private roads . P.s. 10$ says one of the first thing trump does as president (90 days within being in the office) will be giving himself a tax pardon.
and Trump talked about how we need to open up laws against the press, the press are constantly heckled by him and his supporters, and he was born into wealth and he apparently is going to fix ISIS, the US' world image/power projection, and a number of other problems alone or with his 'big league' staff. I can't see how you can take months of Trump's campaigning, disagree with all of it with a simple 'No, I disagree.' and then post a picture (without sources I might add, who Trump himself said not to believe without sources) and say she's worse.
You're welcome to disagree, but understand that you are factually wrong. This is not a matter of opinion; just because you call Hillary's private email server and taking charitable donations from foreigners 'true facism' doesn't make it so.
While I certainly agree Clinton is a career slimebag politician, I cannot make the mental gymnastics required to make things crimes that have been judged as not such. Also I'm no grammar nancy but I am not sure your application of definition is accurate, other than it's general accuracy.
Well, *DonsGuard*, you're going to have to do better than some poorly-made infographic. That kind of garbage may pass for your average Trump supporter, but most of us require sources. You know, sources that follow a trail, sources that show where money was transferred, sources that show that weapons deals *followed* those money transfers (vs. preceding them), and sources that propose a plausible link rather than relying on blanket partisan suspicion. I'll be clear: I don't like Hillary Clinton and I think she's a prime example of the kind of politician we should be rejecting, but for chrissakes you Trump supporters will eat any anti-Hillary garbage put in front of your barely-literate faces.
The Gambino crime family was brought down on indirect involvement in crime through groundbreaking legislation known as RICO. You honestly think it would've been possible to bring them down through *direct* connections like you suggest? People can be charged for giving the order or assisting in a crime. Hillary and her Clinton Foundation are a perfect example of why RICO exists.
this is literally just as hyperbolic as calling Trump, Hitler, but with less compelling evidence to support it.
Oh no! A Facebook style meme pointing out charitable contributions which were never shown to have had any effect on foreign policy! Guess I better vote for the serial groping, xenophobic, unqualified shit-stain!
Not even. Give me a break here. "Private email servers = fascism"? Go read a book, when you finish read another, repeat until you learn something.
Oh, you're using slime-igr, wonder where you came from? /s
So, politics?
> Trump is no Hitler. He lacks the discipline and smarts to do be as dangerous as Hitler. Hitler himself wasn't that smart. I doubt he was smarter than Trump. Demagogues attract leaders who are smart and devious and greedy for power. Just like Hitler, Trump has a plethora of people of that ilk around him and it is they who will set the policies if Trump wins. And I think they could be as dangerous as those who surrounded Hitler.
> Hitler himself wasn't that smart. He declared war on Russia and America in the same year, when most of Europe was already at war. So yeah.
Did Hitler also have a ghost writer?
So more like Mussolini then?
No, Hitler was the one with the team - Goebler, Göring, etc. Also, Mussolini didn't use bigotry as a key tool for stirring the masses. Mussolini was more the good old fashioned nationalist / patriot. The closest to that (albeit of a very different degree) would be the exagerated patriotism after 9/11.
Post-9/11 nationalist rhetoric didn't involve any bigotry? Try asking any Muslim what they think of that...
Please show me where I said > Post-9/11 nationalist rhetoric didn't involve any bigotry
You said Mussolini didn't use bigotry, so a better comparison for him (vs Trump) was post-9/11 nationalism. If you thought Mussolini wasn't a good comparison to Trump because Mussolini didn't use bigotry, why would you say that Mussolini was a good comparison for post-9/11 nationalism, if you think that the latter did use bigotry, like Trump?
"Mussolini didn't use bigotry as a key tool" =/= Mussolini didn't use bigotry. OK, with the poor reasoning skills I am increasingly seeing how Trump has duped so many Americans
They'd probably think it was less repulsive than the shit Trump has been spewing.
Mussolini was not as anti-Semitic as Hitler but the Italian fascists absolutely exploited it and anti-leftism.
Without a doubt. The racism / bigotry is, however, the key ideological difference between nazism and general fascism.
I think the people of Ethiopia would disagree with Italian fascism not being racist.
Hitler would have exterminated all Ethiopians to make room for German colonists. Mussolini was an imperialist who believed his people to be superior. I'm sure you can see the difference.
*Sigh.* I didn't say it wasn't racist. I said racism / bigotry wasn't a key tool. And it is a key ideological difference between the two branches. Just about any source will verify that.
Hitler had a vision though, Trump is literally too scatter brained for that.
[removed]
If he's against Muslims, some may choose to overlook his resemblance to Hitler...
[deleted]
You completely missed the point. The comparison to Hitler isn't that people are saying Trump hates Jews. It is that Trump is using the same tactics. No one seriously believes that Trump is going to begin a genocide like Hitler. The comparisons between Hitler and Trump are tough because Hitler is associated with one of the worst atrocities man has ever committed, which is difficult to ever set aside. But his genocides against Jews and other groups aren't the only thing Hitler did. Hitler also rose to power when his country was deeply divided and suspicious of anything that wasn't "German". He was able to take over establishment politics and create a new political environment through nationalism, fear, and violence. He staged massive rallies where he promised to unite the German people against enemies--inside and without. He promised essentially that Germany was done being bullied and that the nation would find peace through strength. It is not a strained comparison between Hitler's rise and Trump's rise. The difference is that what will happen if Trump gets elected? It will be up to the great institutions of democracy to stem the tide of hate, fear, and ultimately senseless violence. It will be up to everyone paying attention to ensure that if he does get elected that we don't make the same mistakes as previous generations. Because ultimately Trump can't be the one to give every awful order or do every terrible deed. It will be us. And only we can choose not to give in.
vision is not really required; being able to direct and focus blame on scapegoats is
Hitler was closer to closer to communism and the far left fascist that get paid to incite violence at the the enemies rallies than he is to anything Trump represents.
sooner or latter extremism, either from the Left or Right, equates as the same
Trump has a vision and an ideology. It's called fuck everybody over, outline in his book that he wrote during his personal Vietnam in the pussy fields of NYC. It's called The Art of the Deal and a lot of really smart people are saying it's even better than Meinkampf.
Oh trump has a vision, yes its the best vision, the vision we've got right now is terrible, worst its ever been, they're laughing at us, around the world, but trump, he has a vision, greatest vision there is and if you vote for him on november 8th he will fill your world with empty platitudes
I'm sure Pence has a vision. Chaffetz too. Koch brothers. Oh, there will be no shortage of plans should Trump win.
The Koch brothers hate Trump. So does Wall Street, George Soros, large corporations, the corporate mainstream media etc. Hillary has received many millions of dollars from Wall Street and other entities that do not have the best interest of the U.S. in mind.
>The Koch brothers hate Trump. It's the first time the Koch's have ever agreed with over half of the country. Cut them some slack.
My respect for the Koch brothers actually went up when I found out how much the hate Trump. Almost humanized them a bit for me. Almost.
It will warm your heart to know that Wall Street and George Soros are in that same category as the Koch brothers. I wonder what they all have in common?
They're all sane, rational actors making decisions based on the best available information?
Hillary doesn't have a Christian sharia veep that she's promised to give great power over foreign and domestic issues.
Huma's a Saudi. She's closer to Hillary than Bill is. Do you support Saudi Arabia decapitating gays, permitting women to be raped, and persecuting ethnic and religious minorities?
Who needs Christian Sharia when Hillary is already getting money from Actual Sharia?
"You're a German. Hitler was German. You must be Hitler." The lack of logical thinking is striking.
So Huma Abedin is going to enact sharia law if Hillary becomes President? That seems...far fetched.
Don't the Koch brothers hate trump though?
I thought the Kochs were off the Trump train, seem to remember a story about them not donating to him.
Don't forget Putin.
Or Putin's side entry thru Trump's current wife!
The United States of Russia.
Just picture Steve Bannon with a position in the White House
Trump's vision is probably something to do with laying on a golden chair with topless women feeding him peeled grapes and fanning him with palm fronds.
Make it a 15 year old high school girl and Weiner will be down. Throw in another and Bill might even join in.
[like this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kt3745NRxpo)
The peel is the best part of the grape though. Trump's vision sucks.
Nah. More like reading glowing tweets from Putin bots as he shits out big macs on his bronze toilet.
[ayy lmao](https://i.redd.it/79tml8qxcusx.png)
   Raise Them! ^^Dongers ^^Raised: ^^1304 ^^Check ^^Out ^^/r/AyyLmao2DongerBot ^^For ^^More ^^Info
holy shit! That's incredibly accurate.
> bronze toilet. He got rid of his gold one to be more like the plebian masses.
A golden throne, you say? The prophecy was true all along! Now we just need to get him comatose.
Heresy!
If thats true I'm signing up signing up for Chaos so fast the Commisars head will spin.
It's weird how someone's perceived intelligence is always up for argument. There are people who say "Trump isn't a moron, he's actually a genius and a sociopath" while others say "He's not even capable of understanding the bullshit he says, nor the implications of them."
Trump isn't smart. The bully at school may take all the little kids' money and his friends think he is cool. It doesn't make him smart.
Yep. Even in a lot of the natural world, many apex predators aren't known as such because of their intelligence - they're apex predators because they prey on the weakest elements of a population.
Why do you find that weird? Even scientists can't put their finger on exactly what intelligence means. And most people are dumb on some things and smart on others.
Yeah, I guess it's not really weird. I just kinda wrote it out of habit, should have wrote 'interesting' or 'worth noting'
Does it really take a genius to see that saying provocative things will get you media coverage? Because that is the only "smart" thing I've ever heard Trump be complimented on outside of his cult of personality.
Yeah, I agree I don't think he's smart at all.
Nah, like a chimp learning to do a dance to get a banana.
He was definitely smarter than Trump. Much smarter. He made a lot of foolish, egomaniacal decisions, but he was far more charismatic and far better at communicating his ideas than Trump is. That is why Trump scares me so much. He's earned a lot of support despite being a largely incompetent politician and leader. Hitler had a lot of flaws, but from early on he surrounded himself with intelligent, loyal advisers, who he actually listened to at times, unlike Trump.
hitler was a phenomenal public speaker though and if trump was even one tenth as good we might be looking at president trump in november
Both Hitler and Trump speak phenomenally well to the people they want to reach
they're not even in the same universe, hitler really was good at public speaking
Have you actually watched any Trump speeches? He's very good. He almost speaks in haikus. He has as extraordinary way of boiling down his remarks into bites. It's hypnotic and deadly simple. ---- *by the way I love women* *no one loves women* *more than me* ---- *we'll build a wall* *nobody builds walls better* *Mexico will pay* ---- *Mexico sends its* *people they bring drugs they bring* *crime they are rapists* ---- *I'm the only one* *who can beat Hillary. Why?* *Because I know her*
Hitler didn't win the vote- he was much like Trump in that way. He fed off the crowds, like Trump. We are viewing Hitler's from our perspective, and that is a mistake. He never had popular support until he seized power. Don't make the mistake of under estimating the enemy- Trump is great at marketing and appealing to a certain segment of the populace. This sector should be treated with kindly derision. Make them embarrassed of their ignorance, but not with cruelty. Don't be afraid to speak the truth.
Right, and he knew when to be composed and normal and when to be theatrical and dramatic.
Also i think the hot mic tapes hurt Trump significantly. If there was a hot mic of Hitler taking about the gassing of Jews he probably would have had issues.
This is wrong. Hitler was very smart. His political manipulation and dealing were second to none. Read any of the numerous books or volumes of work on Hitler's ability to manipulate other world leaders as well as his own people. His pettiness led him to delay his war with Russia against the advice of his generals, and in the end his ego took control of him. To say he simply surrounded himself with smart people is also wrong. Those people joined him, his movement, they followed his ultimate plan.
Despite my disdain for trump, he is a genius at marketing to the American populace. We ignore that at our own peril. We obviously have a bunch of stupid people, but ignoring that doesn't make it go away. Hillary showed up in my town in Florida today- and we had four pro-Trump protestors. (Onevwas a man carrying a 'women for Trump' sign. We laughed at them, and told them 'we still loved them'. I believe this is how they should be handled.
I thought that the reason he delayed the war with Russia was because he had to bail Mussolini out of Greece?
He delayed the planned attack on Moscow and went after Kiev. I have read that this delay, as short as a couple weeks or so, was enough to push the invasion timetable too far into the coming Russian winter.
Agh, these fucking WW2 myths. There were very heavy spring rains which made the terrain impossible to traverse, they weren't going anywere regardless. At the absolute most, the Balkan distraction exacerbated the delay. It certainly didn't cause it.
Thanks. WW2 is not my area of expertise :p
> Hitler himself wasn't that smart. I doubt he was smarter than Trump. Although... Unlike Trump, Hitler wrote his own books.
>Of course, most people didn’t take Hitler seriously at first. Refined Germans viewed him with distaste and dismissed him as a buffoon, and not only because of his melodramatic speeches and volatile gestures. Writing in the New Statesman, social critic William Crotch recounted his own impressions of the future German dictator in the late 1920’s: **“Another thing that struck me was the man’s utter incapacity to deal with important details....His talk was a succession of vague generalities, couched in attractive if flowery language, but showing in every case either complete ignorance or at least complete contempt for detail.”** Sad truth of humanity. People will so readily believe the person who confidently and surely spouts broad generalizations about things which he has no knowledge about. The person who has great knowledge, and therefore understands how many times more vast the knowledge he yet lacks, must speak with many qualifications and caveats, *specifically so as not to mislead the listener*, paradoxically appears as dishonest.
You'd think learning, say, algebra (or whatever kind of math) in high school would make people realize that not everything is just sound-bite-simplistic from the start.
Ty for demonstrating that you either flunked math or are every bit the idiot you frame others as.
Dick.
Okay.
Instead they learn to parrot bullshit like "when will I ever need to use algebra?"
I used to say this in high school. Then I went to college as a liberal arts major. Got bored and switched to a science major. It wasn't until then when I really appreciated algebra and complex math and the way it helps you with critical thinking and problem solving.
This, right here, is how the Republican Party stays in power.
One of my frustrations with Hillary is that she many times speaks in generalities- I think issues deserve a detailed and measured approach. But with Hillary, even when she speaks broadly, I still have the sense that she understands the details, even if they go unsaid- she avoids blatant absolutes, and blanket statements might do a disservice in that they aren't detailed, but they agreeably fit the whole. I get no sense of that with Trump. He never hesitates to generalize the issue of the day and prescribe absolutely some bold (ill-specified, or completely undefined) solution. People trash PC speak. But political correctness was invented by politicians, and for good reason. Politics requires careful language and specificity.
Yes we can
This should be top comment.
The [Dunning-Kruger Effect](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunning%E2%80%93Kruger_effect).
Hitler also thought he was smarter than his generals.
Good point. Again, the comparison doesn't flatter Trump... Hitler at least served as a corporal in the Kaiser's army. Trump just went to a private school where he write uniforms and shit.
A little like Trump and General McMullin just in the last 24 hours. Quite a tweet: >.@realDonaldTrump, Yes you’ve never heard of me because while you were harassing women at beauty pageants, I was fighting terrorists abroad. https://twitter.com/evan_mcmullin/status/792557975328227328
so McMuffin is parroting Clinton's debate answers
The Mormon circle jerk around this guy is amazing. I thought Mormons didn't approve of masturbation?
Uh, nice jab and all, but McMullin's not a General. He was in the CIA for about a decade, which is A. not the military and B. like 1/3 the length of a General's career - ten years as an officer in the military would probably get you to O4 if your career is going really well, Generals are O7 and up. They're nowhere near the same level, even if you give him tons of brownie points for being a Supercool Secret Squirrel.
Just like Trump! But Trump would never invade Russia during winter. More likely he would be the little spoon and cuddle up on a nice bear skin rug next to a crackling fire with Putin during the Russian winter.
The very definition of bad touch.
Hitler wasn't some rigidly efficient evil genius technocrat though. He was a profoundly erratic megalomaniac who lived in a fictional world in which he was a Nietzchean Superman. He had virtually no foundation in granular governing. He was literally more invested in how the Nazi uniforms looked than, say, how Germany was going to acquire enough steel and oil to fight multiple great powers. The Trump comparison isn't that far off.
[deleted]
I don't think the parallel being drawn between Trump and Hitler is a desire to exterminate the Jews, so the views of Israelis and Jews on the question really isn't relevant in the way you are trying to indicate. What is being discussed are the political techniques being used to garner support. Hitler didn't run on a "lets gas all the Jews" platform, he was smarter than that, so he ran on a "the jews are causing all of our problems and I alone can fix it" platform. The parallel is that they both used scapegoating and stereotypes to demonize one group to rally support from another group while saying that only they had the solutions required to make the country great again. Germany was a lot worse off in the 30s than the United States is now by far so it must have been even easier to play up problems and then declare yourself the sole arbiter of solutions. The mistake you are making is a common one here: being incapable of drawing parallels to things unless they are literally 100% the same. Nobody is saying Trump is 100% Hitler and wants to cleanse the jews, but what led to Nazi Germany is a lot more complicated than that. There can be parallels between two things that are not identical. > Hitler headed a cult and weaseled his way into power by banning every political party in Germany aside from the NSDAP. You are skipping the major step in between starting his group and assuming full power and banning competition...getting into government in the first place. He had to become Chancellor, he wasn't just some random cult leader nobody heard of that declared himself King of Germany and everybody just went "oh, ok, sure". And even here, some parallels can be drawn (no, they are **not** 100% the same but you should be able to use abstract thought to see similarities) about Trump wanting to "open up libel laws" so he can sue people that run stories about him he doesn't like, spend a part of his first 100 days as president suing women that called him a liar, trying to jail his political opponent, harshly scrutinizing people of certain ethnicity. He is very hostile to anybody that criticizes him and that is something that concerns a lot of people and I think that is legitimate. That doesn't mean he plans on committing mass murder of citizens but it is still concerning to some people who think he would use the power to settle personal scores and inflate his own ego while lashing out at anybody that questions him or mocks him.
This is a strange argument... first, I don't think anyone is saying trump has risen to power by hating jews. They are saying he did by his demonizations of minority groups (muslims and mexicans primarily). Furthermore, I'm jewish, I don't support much of Israels intrests. Please don't conflate all jews and the right wing policies of Israel.
[deleted]
>Can you please spicify where Trump wrote a book that advocates for the racial cleansing of minorities? If I compare a person to a rose because they smell sweetly, the analogy is not meant to suggest the person is, in all possible ways, identical to a rose. That's just obtuse.
Because modern geopolitics are more nuanced than everything Israel does and says is perfect and speaks for all jews?
[deleted]
>But shitty Goodwin Law circlejerks on /r/politics do? Nice try to pivot away from the issues **you** brought up about Israel. But I'll be nice and address your low effort claims of this thread being a "shitty circlejerk" too. Again you miss the nuance of the post and what is being discussed here by labeling it a "shitty circlejerk." As the top comment in this thread says, there are substantial and logical comparisons being made here between the rises of power between them both - his fear mongering, his scapegoating, his calls for things being rigged against his followers that Trump mirrors daily.
[deleted]
>What nuissance is there to comparing a Republican candidate to Hitler? It literally happens every single election cycle in this sub. It's Trump. It's not just the "Republican candidate." People are drawing comparisons due to his fear mongering, his scapegoating, and his calls for rigged elections and rigged media outlets. >It literally happens every single election cycle in this sub. Its nothing even new. Wrong. This is definitely new. Never before has a "republican candidate" as you put it ever declared our democratic process rigged before the election even takes place. This is **unprecedented.** >And until Trump fucking leads a coup against the government, gets arrested, writes a book advocating racial genocide, please stop. No one is saying any of that. People are comparing his fear mongering, his scapegoating, and his calls for rigged elections and rigged media outlets to the same rhetoric used by Hitler during his rise to power. How many times do I have to say this before you stop using completely irrelevant straw mans about racial genocide instead of actually being honest enough to meet head on what is **actually being discussed**? Stop behaving like a coward and actually address what is being discussed instead of hiding behind a straw man. >Enough the fucking demonization of Trump supporters that this horrible dying sub mirrors daily. Cry me a river that fascists are being called out for being fascists. If this sub was dying then why are you commenting on it all the time with such passion? Thanks for keeping it alive.
> What nuissance is there you mean besides all the things he just said? I'll ignore the somewhat funny typo you made there. > And until Trump fucking leads a coup against the government, gets arrested, writes a book advocating racial genocide, please stop. Enough the fucking demonization of Trump supporters that this horrible dying sub mirrors daily. back to my other point, you are literally incapable of seeing similarities between things unless they are literally identical. Or you are just being massively obtuse on purpose to deflect something. People in this discussion are talking about the tools that Hitler used to achieve an unlikely victory in his country and how Trump has used similar tools in many situations...not that Trump wants to commit mass genocide.
The word is nuance. Trump loves the poorly educated!
Oh man, vote Trump for awesome uniforms!
> fictional world in which he was a Nietzchean Superman So... ideology? Yeah, Americans have lots of that + nationalism Edit: Hitler also has the NSDAP, the NAZI party, he made a coup inside the government after his rise to the Chancellery to put his accomplices in the bureaucracy of the German State. Also, there were bureaucrats happy with the nazis, who helped to implement the state of emergency, the racist laws and the economy reforms (and the weapons production). So yeah, Hitler could be more invested in the SS attire and his speechs, he had A LOT of people doing all the shit for him.
> The Trump comparison isn't that far off. Trump does not have the same charisma at all. As shitty a person as Hitler was, he was one of history's greatest speakers. He orgasmed during his speeches. Literally.
Well the focus on uniforms shows the Nazis had awesome uniforms.
Yeah Hitler wasn't even that stable before he started getting all methed up.
"Nietzchean Superman" Man that's not how Nietzsche's philosophy worked in the slightest. The concept of the übermensch gets so misinterpreted and it leads to him being associated with crazy fascist assholes despite Nietzsche himself being staunchly anti-Nazi and anti-fascist.
Neitzsche's ubermensch is essentially a man whose will to power is so strong that he breaks free from the constraints of all external authorities, including traditional/religious moral frameworks, emerging not just free, but justifiably mandated by virtue of his strength to determine for himself how to act, including even the ability to fundamentally redefine right and wrong. So even though Nietzsche was no Nazi, I think it is fair to say that Hitler considered himself a Nietzschean ubermensch in that regard.
I'm confused. Are you saying OP or Hitler misinterpreted Nietzsche?
Both.
That is terrifying. If you just changed a few of those describing words to a more ambiguous word, you wouldn't know which one you were referring to.
But hey, the Nazi uniforms were fabulous, so credit where it's due.
Fair enough. I think Hitler had more political smarts though. If he was the nominee in this election, I don't think he would have prosecuted Machado's weight in the media for a week, or said in a televised debate dodging taxes makes him smart. I imagine him sticking to talking points a lot more. May be it is not a difference in intelligence as much as a difference in discipline.
I like to think that it has more to do with the fact that everyone has at least two cameras on them at all times this century, and the sensationalism with which this hot mess is covered.
> I think Hitler had more political smarts though. I'm not so sure about that. But he certainly had support from people with political smarts, amongst which the aristocracy that had been disposed of by the revolution of 1918.
I think he was. At his core, Hitler was still ideological. He identified himself as part of a greater fascist movement, and wrote a book that is one of the most illuminating texts as to what fascism is. Trump probably doesn't even know what fascism is. Trump is guided by glory and greed, not ideology. I truly believe Hitler thought his ideology was correct.
Just to note Trumps ex-wife claimed back in the 90s that Trump use to keep a book of Hitler speeches by his bed and read them all of the time. I think he might know wha fascism is.
I'm not sure. I do think that happened, but I am skeptical that he would have used the book for ideological reasons. Instead, I think it's more likely that he looked to Hitler's method of getting people's support. While, in Hitler's case, this is tied to his fascism, it doesn't necessarily have to be.
> Hitler probably doesn't even know what fascism is. Trump. I think you meant Trump.
Yes, you're right. Sorry for the typo!
Hitler had chutzpah. He was willing to take risks that could get him imprisoned or worse. He would have his own inner circle murdered or exiled to strengthen his own power. I don't see Trump being so bold or maniacal.
That sounds like it takes work, so we're probably safe.
really? How's Paul Ryan popularity going with the GOP right now?
Last time I checked, he's still alive. Read a bit about the [Night of the Long Knives](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Night_of_the_Long_Knives), where Hitler ordered the execution of several political leaders he thought posed a potential risk to his power. And not like, "You're arrested, let's have a show trial and then an execution." More like, "We're going to knock on doors at 4:00 AM, drag these people out into the street, shoot them in the head and throw their body in a ditch." Granted, some had more dignified deaths, but I don't believe a single one received any sort of trial or hearing before being murdered.
He's still alive. There's a gulf of difference between a political adversary murdered, and simple political maneuvering of kicking someone out of the big tent
Yeah I don't remember reading anything that made me think of Hitler as a crybaby. There's plenty of that from Donald.
Well, he did hold a grudge his entire life for that [art school](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paintings_by_Adolf_Hitler#Artistic_ambition) that rejected him.
There a lot that can be said about Hitler. [Here's a very good little 10 minute bio on Hitler](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eRPEsRp3utc) and how his time in World War 1 helped shape him.
Really? I'll post some info if you want me to search but Hitler's entire political career was founded on blaming anyone but himself, or the hypothetical image of what a pure "German" was for every single issue and problem with the world. He executed, exiled and ex-communicated every person who disagreed with him and pointed out his failings. He surrounded himself with yes men, the most effective of which shielded him from the actual truth to more efficiently govern the country and military without his input. He is the definition of thin skinned and petty. He never took responsibility for any of his actions or for the actions of any previous "German" leadership that got the people into WW1 and into the between wars situation that Germany found herself in.
Yup, and apparently Hitler was a drugged-up crybaby as well. I wonder how often he sniffed in debates...
Hitler was twice decorated for bravery and wounded during the Battle of the Somme during WWI. Trump managed to avoid getting the clap while sleeping around in the 90s, a period he called his "personal Vietnam". I don't think Hitler would have been terribly impressed with Trump at all.
"What did Poland say about my hands!?"
Charles: Oh my God, yes. Those Nazi uniforms. Rudy: Hugo Boss!
Zese new uniforms are cool! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93cAvjqdhaE
Dunno why, but that reminded me of [Roger De Bris and Carmen Giya](http://www.tcm.com/mediaroom/video/223897/Producers-The-Movie-Clip-You-re-Only-Half-Dressed.html) before I remembered who Charles and Rudy were.
They weren't made by Hugo Boss, they were only manufactured by them Karl Diebtrich designed the uniforms
I didn't know that, but that was a line from Archer.
>Boss joined the National Socialist Party in 1931, and one of his first big assignments was to supply the Nazis with their infamous brown shirts. >The company also produced the party's black uniforms as well as the black-and-brown shirts of the Hitler Youth. >The huge commission saved Hugo Boss from bankruptcy. By 1938, the business was focused exclusively on manufacturing for the military, using slave labour to meet the high demand. Hugo Boss "made" them, but indeed didn't design at least the famous black SS uniform.
Does it matter? The same quote says he was a card carrying nazi.
Trump: Our uniforms are going to be tremendous. You're gonna love our secret police. They'll look amazing. Our secret police are the best looking secret police ever. You'll see. I know a guy. He'll make us the best uniforms. The best.
Hugo Boss, right?
red hats vs brown shits
> He'll make us the best uniforms. **in China** FTFY
He'll award the contract to Ivanka's clothing line. Haute cotour uniforms. No expense spared.
Boss made, i think, SS informs, but did not design them. They were manufacturing for the war effort as everyone else in Germany was, and this was before they became a fashion icon.
This subreddit has officially lost it.
If there's only one thing that stats are clear about in this election is that it's so obvious heavy Trump supporters are uneducated white folk.
I really hope you're being sarcastic or else you are judging a huge portion of Americans, such as myself, and claiming we're uneducated. I used to not like Trump. Couldn't tell you why. Started doing research and the more I found out, the more I liked him. Insane to me how Hillary supporters claim they're the tolerant left and then label and ridicule an entire group of people with no facts to back up any statements.
> ridicule an entire group of people with no facts to back up any statements. [Poll: Trump Leads Clinton 76 Percent to 17 Percent Among White Men Without College Degrees](http://www.breitbart.com/2016-presidential-race/2016/09/26/poll-trump-leads-clinton-76-percent-to-17-percent-among-white-men-without-college-degrees/)
Wanting a man in power who knows nothing about politics, doesn't care for diplomacy, literally says things then claims he never said them (on camera) on a regular basis, is being investigated for fraud and sexual abuse, has questionable ties to Russia, wants to build a physical wall on the entire border, can't speak coherent sentences half the time, insults women, singles out black supporters as protestors for no reason, has many women corroborating him grabbing them inappropriately, and invited foreign powers to hack our government for the sole purpose of winning the election. And you're at a loss as to why anyone would criticize you for wanting this person as president. Really? *Really?* It doesn't take a leftist to recognize bad judgement. You want tolerance? Don't openly support a dictionary definition of a bigot who is under investigation for fraud and sexual abuse.
I could go through each and every single thing you said and destroy your he said she said claims, but I'm on my phone and it would 1. Take forever and 2. You still wouldn't care so I'm going to save the time. While CNN paints Trump out to be this real bad guy with no evidence to back up a statement, *Hillary Clinton is being investigated by the FBI.* She even joked about it during a rally. "The greatest thing about snapchat is that the messages delete themselves!" So feel free to disagree with me, downvote me, whatever you want to do to make yourself sleep better at night. But just know that *your* presidential pick actually committed crimes, broken procedures and laws, and put this country's security at risk with her negligence.
>Insane to me how Hillary supporters claim they're the tolerant left and then label and ridicule an entire group of people with no facts to back up any statements. No, his statements are more than supported by evidence. There is a very [clear divide](http://www.wsj.com/articles/voters-education-level-a-driving-force-this-election-1476401440) among whites with and without a college degree. Obviously this doesn't mean every Trump supporter is non-college educated, but it's very clear this is Trump's base. >I used to not like Trump. Couldn't tell you why. Started doing research and the more I found out, the more I liked him. "Research."
I don't care about the political presence of this perticular comment. But the opinion of getting a degree makes you educated is awful. Doesn't anyone else kinda see that as people feeling superior to others?
Getting an education... does in fact make you educated.
Getting a degree.... does not in fact make you educated.
Ok, so how do *you* measure someone's level of education?
Level of education versus educated are two different things.
Ok, so how do you define "educated"?
You're right. Media outlets are completely making up the numbers that the only demographic that Trump substantially defeats Hillary is uneducated white men. Sorry for looking at the stats!
You mean the media outlets that are all on Hillary's bank roll?
I am curious to know what you discovered in Trump's background that made you like him more.
You're not going to get an answer, much less any sources. At most a glorified "study it out."
Yeah, I'm off to r/the_buffoon for my dose of sanity.
They make fun of the Donald when they are just as bad.
I took it out of my subscriptions and blocked it from showing up in my feed. I was just popping in to see if something interesting happened and THIS was at the top. I almost spit out my coffee!
Have you even read the article? First sentence: America isn't Nazi Germany and Trump isn't the Führer. But it's interesting that that's all you seemed to notice.
Trump is nothing like Hitler but let me tell you how he is Hitler.
Do you actually have an argument for why we should dismiss the many stylistic similarities between the two demagogues? Did you even read the article?
Shift the attention to Hitler so people will ignore one of the biggest presidential election scandal in the making. People are waking up and starting to see the truth.
They getting extra desperate because their end is near.
They are getting very very very desperate
Or you could read the article and comment on its substance?
The comment was a pretty accurate assessment of its "content."
It didn't even mention the article.
The article is hardly even worth mentioning. It's just another r/politics anti-trump post. The guy who posted it probably didn't even read it if we're being honest.
If it's not worth mentioning, then why did you click the thread? There is, without question, a discussion to be had, whether you agree with the article or see a hundred flaws in its arguments. Fortunately, I see other comments that are getting it going.
Because I read the article and came in here to see what people were saying about it and expected to find other people saying how ridiculous it is, because it is honestly ridiculous. I went through r/politics for 10 minutes earlier and couldn't find a single anti-trump or even pro-Hillary article (I think I found 1). It's literally all anti-trump (or now anti-comey). I came in here to discuss more of the idea of this article as a whole and how the fact that a post like this is near the top of this subreddit is sad and a reflection on how biased this sub is. You have to go to other subs with only like 1k subscribers to even get an actual discussion going. If you make any pro-trump comments or posts here they get buried immediately, while spouting off anything anti-trump regardless of how baseless it is, is a karma gold mine. I'm just so ready for this election to be over. I don't even care who wins anymore. It's either an asshole or a criminal.
I'm surprised this is even upvoted. I really used to laugh at people saying people are shills, but I truly believe people are being paid and bots are being used here.
It will be interesting to see how the tone shifts after the election.
Seems like a waste of money since the rest of Reddit is well aware of the AstroTurf attempt by paid sock-puppets. The funniest part is this weak attempt at influencing the outcome flipped my vote to her opponent from the third party.
So...let me get this straight.. Seeing left leaning news on a left leaning website like Reddit changed your vote to Trump because the left leaning website is leaning left? Okay.
> flipped my vote to her opponent from the third party. Uh Republicans are not considered the third party, so no you clearly don't have this straight.
> your vote to Trump he said third party
This website isn't just "leaning" left anymore. It's been hijacked and we all know it. Hillary paying people to violate this place has rightfully pissed off the community and I hope it backfires on her bigly
> It's been hijacked and we all know it. I seen this claim on YouTube trending video comments too. It's hilarious because there has been a Trump speech trending every week, but according to Trump supporters it's "Because it's actually trending..", but it's different when Hillary stuff is trending. Reporting on what comes out of Trumps mouth vs the actual facts isn't a "take over" it's just calling him out his bullshit. I don't agree with this title of this article or this being upvoted, but there is the simple harsh fact for Trump supporters refuse to admit: Most of the words out of Trumps mouth have been lies. Reporting on these lies is not "Propaganda".
Check out the guy's post history and you'll see ge spends a lot of time in subs like hillaryforprison, wikileaks, and the_donald. A lot of these Trumplings keep doing the "I used to be pro-Hillary, but..." to try to sound more persuasive. It's funny how clever they think they are being. Meanwhile, everyone sees right through it.
At what point did I claim to ever be pro-hillary? She's the worst and has gotten away with too much for too long. I'm not masking my opinions to somehow be more palatable to you people, your candidate is already doing that. You aren't being clever or "seeing through" anything when I've got it all on the surface.
> At what point did I claim to ever be pro-hillary? You didn't, and no one should be.
If *we all know it* then it should be easy to post proof of that, right?
People have posted proof practically everywhere on reddit. Unless /r/politics is the only place you go, you've seen it before. Posting it here gets you banned.
People have posted proof of the opposite practically everywhere on reddit. Unless /r/the_donald is the only place you go, you've seen it before. Posting it there gets you banned.
So then post that "proof" you have here...
It's practically everywhere already, duh
Not in this hijacked sub.
ok bye then
Is Trump in a third party?
Basically
Left leaning news is fine. Most of us are smart enough to recognize and forgive some bias. Blatant propaganda and manufactured consensus on the other hand...
Yeah. I don't think the consensus was manufactured. Especially with Trump.
"Thanks to Trump, we can better understand how Hitler was possible." I know a lot of reasonable people on both sides. I would even say that *most* of the people I know in real life that are voting for either candidate are reasonable people. The fact that this is an actual conversation on this subreddit seems to suggest that even the reasonable Clinton supporters, whom are in the majority, are getting their voices drowned out. Either all of the reasonable people who used to partake in this sub have left, fallen to echo-chamber extremism, or are getting drowned out by manufactured astroturf.
Or maybe there are similarities to draw between the rise of two populist candidates? For shit's sake, the article starts off with >America isn't Nazi Germany and Trump isn't the Führer. and continues to stress that comparing the two is far from perfect. I mean, you could replace "Hitler" and "anti-Semitism" with "Trump" and "racism" in [this article](http://static4.worldofwonder.net/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/CclFZopWEAAAtl2.jpg-large.jpeg) and have it be strikingly familiar.
Yeah, remember how much everyone loved Hillary before the convention?
So what? Negative comments about Clinton were popular on the site during the primary because most redditors wanted Sanders to get the nomination. But Sanders voter is not automatically an anyone-but-Clinton voter, so there's no reason to expect them to continue to want to see her candidacy fail once she got the democratic nomination. Honestly the fact that she has gotten markedly more popular on the sub since the primary should be evidence there *isn't* some shadowy campaign to control the sub at work. If there was that would have been happening all along.
I didn't like her until the first debate. Soooo....
I believe you mean to say, "Remember how much people loved Hilary before the CTR funding boost".
Everyone who bashes Hillary in this sub always seems to conveniently sneak in they aren't voting for Trump, or they aren't a Republican, or they are a third party voter...just to save themselves from waves of downvotes... it's getting obvious and pointless. edit: grammar
Prolly because if you don't declare it you get constant insults. But tbh even declaring it doesn't work, this sub is broken and discussion has been destroyed.
Nobody has bashed Hillary in this sub since Bernie without being down-voted to oblivion or hit by the ban hammer. I'm actually in shock that hasn't happened to this thread yet. Odd to see an honest discussion on this sub for a change.
What CTR and other anti-Trump campaigns don't realize is that if you call someone a racist, misogynist, bigot for long enough, the terms "racist," "misogynist," and "bigot" lose their power. That's exactly what's happened with Trump. They've been calling him evil for so long that people are desensitized to those words. Equating him to Hitler will turn out the same way.
Nah, the words are as powerful as ever. The followers just dismissed them from the start because they plug their ears and wear a blindfold when you tell them the facts about how fascistic Trump is.
I was literally about to vote for Trump before you said that. When will the shills learn?
There are no shills
Wait, so the way to criticize racists and bigots is to avoid calling them racists and bigots? That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard.
You could point out your specific disagreements over policy proposals. Or you could continue kvetching about his tone and personal life, call his supporters names, and pretend you're winning.
So the only way I can criticize a racist is based on his policies? That seems weird. Does the right give Clinton the same kindness and avoid discussing the non-policy parts of her behavior that they think is reprehensible? Left wingers don't tend to discuss Trump's policies because its just the same shit we've seen from the right for decades. *Of course* I think that his policy proposals will make the country and the world a worse place. It just turns out that alongside all of this usual garbage he also can't keep his bigotry to himself.
> Does the right give Clinton the same kindness and avoid discussing the non-policy parts of her behavior that they think is reprehensible? No, and it works for us because "she"'s lizard/robot clinically incapable of not looking like an inhuman scumbag. Whatever entity is running robot Trump, on the other hand, is pretty good at making it appear like a genuine human being you could get along with, so assaults against its tone and demeanour just don't stick.
Lol @ "Trump is a human being you could get along with." If you're a child-raping, cocaine-fueled amnesiac fascist then maybe you'll get along with him. Otherwise you're going to want to punch him in the jaw. Part of being human, as you say, involves being able to make fun of yourself. Hillary does that. Trump just cries more.
Maybe not everyone feels with their fists, and is gravitated to violence. I think you need to evaluate your anger and your mind & spirit if you're this upset at someone you don't even know. The word got out Hillary supporters are bullies, so you may want to change your rhetoric from anger to love, if you have the capacity to do so.
The polls show that we *are* winning.
I see your dem 20+ sampling is working nicely for you.
It's almost literally every single poll. You can't be serious, right?
The ABC poll went from +12 to +1 in 4 days; if you're relying on polls, especially after BREXIT, you're deluding yourself.
I am very serious. They are sampling democrats as if Hillary is going to get obama levels. Ya fucking right. Hillary got less votes in this primary than when she fucking lost back in 08. Democrat turnout in the primary is way down and Republicans were way up. And yet you still have polls coming out like the one that show hillary winning Arizona by 4, sampling 34% more Democrats. In fucking arizona, a state that has 5% more republicans.
> and pretend you're winning. Romney's "unskewers" had a very rude awakening on election night, which had Obama winning by larger margins than the polls predicted. What makes you think the oversampled democrats meme is any truer this time around?
The fact that the MSM-promoted polls are the ones intentionally using outdated vibrancy numbers and trying to hide it this time around. The monster vote is real, and the blacks basically aren't voting now that they don't have a demographically symbolic candidate to vote for.
The people with whom those terms have lost their power were never going to be persuaded in the first place. You're not going to convince a Trump apologist to abandon Trump by taking the high road. Also, the comparison with Hitler is really more a commentary about our society than it is about Trump.
/r/lolitics.
Lost it years ago.
I dont think reasonable people can take this sub seriously anymore. I dont like Trump. Dont think he's qualified to be President. But this just shows how biased Reddit is and how no opinion or news from Reddit should ever be taken seriously.
I would say I'm kinda undecided and I want to learn, but I feel like I can't even use Reddit as a source anymore because /r/politics is basically just /r/enoughtrumpspam
Don't use reddit as a way to research candidates. If I were you I'd look at their platforms, talk to some supporters not behind a computer screen, and try to figure out what they represent overall.
It's so fucking hard though lol I feel like it's impossible to just get a level headed opinion. If it's a trump supporter the whole thing is rigged, Hillary cheated, the emails tell all, Obama ruined our country. If it's a A Hillary supporter, trump is basically the devil. I honestly have no idea how to just learn about the candidates haha
r/politicaldiscussion, r/neutralpolitics
/r/politicaldiscussion is used when the actual Hillary supporters want to discuss and have no other sub for it.
Let me know where the_donald users go for fair and balanced discussion
I don' know, but I doubt they do it on reddit.
And there's a good reason for that https://www.reddit.com/r/undelete/comments/57m3o3/mods_of_renoughtrumpspam_have_just_been_made_mods/
The mod in question was a mod for r/politics before r/enoughtrumpspam
It lost it when Bernie officially dropped out
I think they lost it when Bernie endorsed Clinton.
So refreshing to see a comment like this near the top. Absolute comedy.
I'm curious though: do you disagree with the comparisons being made and if so why? Not disagreeing but there's some arguments people are making. It's not just he's bad therefore Hitler.
**Hitler** * Killed millions of people **Trump** * Said mean things to women By Jove, you might be on to something
For the umpteenth time, it's not the Hitler in power people compare him to, it's the way he got there. I don't think **anyone** would disagree that Trump is a demagogue who displays heavy authoritarian tendencies, would they?
Hey, remember that time Trump was thrown in prison for waging a failed Coup D'etat attempt?...
Member when Trump was awarded the Iron Cross in WW1?
Member when Trump got rejected from going to an art school?
Remember when Donald Trump was named Adolf Hitler?
> it's the way he got there. The only reason he is getting there is because he is going against one of the most corrupt politicians in the world..
Well he's not getting there at all. But it's a somewhat decent comparison, though I don't agree with it too much.
This election is an insane effort by both sides to get people to turn their brains off. It's all about Fear and Hate. Trump gets his supporters to hate Hillary. He wants them making decisions emotionally, not calmly thinking things through. Hate Hillary! Don't ask why I'm advocating more supply side economics when it's such an empirical failure. Don't ask if I can find Iraq on an unlabeled map. Just hate. It'll feel so cathartic to vote against that evil woman. She's wants to rip babies from vaginas! Don't think, Hate! On the other side, Hillary wants people to fear Trump. Be terrified of him. Don't ask why I can be trusted to enact a progressive economic agenda while Wall St. funds my campaign. Don't ask if I'll start more middle eastern wars after Saudi Arabia and Qatar gave me hundreds of millions of dollars. You can't afford those questions. Trump is literally Hitler and he'll literally start a nuclear war. He's terrifying! It'll feel so cathartic to vote to protect your children from Putin's puppet. He's going to grab every woman by the vagina with nuclear weapons! Don't think, fear! Neither side wants me to think, they just want me to be angry or terrified. That's why I'm looking at my 3rd party options pretty seriously.
It's official. R/politics has turned into a parody of itself
No wonder it's not a default sub anymore. The mods here let the lunatics run the asylum and it's lost all credibility.
Should we make a new subreddit? Like /r/nottheonion?
When a group get's desperate, that's when the fireworks start going off. This sub is going to be hilarious come November 8th.
There's no version of gets that has an apostrophe in it.
Very sorry for having caused you such pain. Hope it get's better for you down the road.
I just hope we'll finally be able to go back to talking about stuff that isn't how much Trump sucks. I miss all the "legalize weed" articles.
It's going to be hilarious when Jill Stein wins
She's got it in the bag unless she starts vote splitting with Joe Exotic and Harambe. I think they're both beating her in Texas.
No matter who wins, reddit is going to be a shitstorm following the election. I'm already stockpiling popcorn
If it wasn't for school I'd spend those days in my cottage away from the irl and online meltdowns.
> No matter who wins, ~~reddit~~ this county is going to be a shitstorm following the election. I'm already stockpiling popcorn FTFY
Im so happy to be canadian We already got rid of Harper, and America is about to elect someone even worse than him
You already did :P
Hahahahahhaha holy shit /r/politics What the fuck happened to you?
We read the article?
Can't read? Didn't read? The world may never know.
CTR bought it a long time ago.
Clinton Ca$h!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LYRUOd_QoM
Bernie lost.
You mean he was cheated out of the nomination. Tough to win when the deck is stacked against you.
>cheated out of the nomination Lol
> still pretending he wasn't Lol
Still pretty salty about this
And Clinton paid.
Yup, everyone on r/politics got a check from Clinton to buy their vote.
Man I *wish* I got a check from Clinton buying my vote, I could really use the cash
She spent $1mil on Reddit alone to "correct commenters" immedietly effecting how r/politics showed it's content.
And Trump will rise.
Then we all get laid!
If you don't already understand how Hitler was possible than you simply don't care about history. It's blatant, and you can ask most war historians for a quick run down. Trump is not Hitler and the USA is surely NOT in the same situation as post war Germany. (The first world war)
Thanks for letting us know you didn't read the article.
I did, it's just some of you are failing to understand the meaning of my words. It's OK, most people got it.
Being rude and projecting your shortcoming onto others isn't an argument, sorry. Even a fallacy would serve you better. Next time, try coming up with a criticism that isn't almost word-for-word the first sentence of the article. Then, maybe there will be something for people to get.
If you read the article you would know that's not what the article is saying
The article isn't saying any of that. Next time you might want to read it before commenting.
Read the article ;_____;
And the article never claimed so, it just said Trump shows us how someone like Hitler was possible to come into power.. he does a lot of similar things in how he riles up his supporter base with the rallies etc that isn't saying Trump = literally Hitler.
> If you don't already understand how Hitler was possible than you simply don't care about history.
Yeah, we saw it the first time.
And yet some of you don't understand it.
> "I said it, therefore it must be true and anyone that questions me is an idiot"
While true, the same could have been said about Obama, Clinton, Bush, and most other effective campaigners. They all tap into the populist thinking. Think about it.. Sanders even did the same thing. Basically, tapping into the "The Rich are getting richer off the backs of the poor" is literally the same thing Hitler said, but simply changed Rich for Jews. Modern politics has learned a lot from how Hitler ran his campaign. It's ludicrous to label only one side when the tactics are used by both sides.
Did Obama direct hate towards another internal demographic to rally his base? Did Obama only speak in vague generalities about blatant lies to convince people it's true? Did Obama tell his supporters to go into neighborhoods where the other party lives an intimidate them? Did Obama threaten to imprison his political opponents? and on and on and on.
> Did Obama direct hate towards another internal demographic to rally his base? Yes, He supports black lives matter and directs blacks hate towards cops. Also Hillary supports this. The leaders of black lives matter is against whites and the police. > Did Obama only speak in vague generalities about blatant lies to convince people it's true? Not sure where you're going with this one, but Obama did hit on, what is now a fact, hillarys corruption to pull voters in. Hillary has also done this with her attempts at portraying Donald as a rapist. Similar to her own husband. > Did Obama tell his supporters to go into neighborhoods where the other party lives an intimidate them? Now I don't know if Obama did this but democrats did firebomb a republican office. > Did Obama threaten to imprison his political opponents? Now this one is silly, Obamas other opponents at the time were not under investigation by the FBI for what will probably turn out to be money laundering and racketeering.
> He supports black lives matter Which was not relevant during his first Presidential campaign, nor during his re-election.. > Obama did hit on, what is now a fact, hillarys corruption Then that's not a vague generality designed to pull voters in. > I don't know if Obama did this Obama did not do that. Obama is not responsible for the actions of all Democrats. Especially not Presidential-hopeful Senator Obama, who had no huge power within the party or within the government before his inauguration. > Now this one is silly, No, what's silly is your attempt to smear Obama as a Trump-level authoritarian. Christ, what is your angle here? Is it literally just "Hillary is the Devil, so vote Trump"?
Isn't that convenient that you now specify a timeline.. > Obama did hit on, what is now a fact, hillarys corruption Then that's not a vague generality designed to pull voters in. A vague generality? Wtf does this even mean? At the time it was vague. He didn't specify anything but her corruption --Now you're becoming incoherent, only quoting parts of responses, much like CNN does to spin thing.-- **Obama did not do that. Obama is not responsible for the actions of all Democrats.** Especially not Presidential-hopeful Senator Obama, who had no huge power within the party or within the government before his inauguration. About the firebomb, proof that he didn't do it? Also Hillary seems to be pretty in control of the DNC so idk why you would say he wouldn't be at the time he won his election. And to your last remark > No, what's silly is your attempt to smear Obama as a Trump-level **authoritarian**. Hillary is a proven authoritarian.. but I guess you would need something other then tunnel vision to see that. Or maybe you don't understand the word, in which here is a link for [it](http://www.dictionary.com/browse/authoritarian)
Was Trump found guilty of high Treason? Was Trump involved in failed coup to overthrow the government? Has Trump ever explicitly stated that Americans are biologically superior to every other nationality or race? Has Trump made any suggestion at all that he thinks America should invade its neighbors and form an empire that spans continents? What is this drivel. Any politician who stand for national borders can be compared with Hitler, it's not particularly clever to do so. Hitler became a vegetarian later in life, perhaps we can get some delinquent to pen an article comparing Bill Clinton and Hitler since they share this trait. Hitler wasn't a maniac because he believed in strong national borders. Just because Hitler lied and so does Trump doesn't warrant an article comparing their methods. The comparison isn't being made because its similar or meaningful, its being made to try and make people who are ignorant of history believe the two are walking the same path.
Isn't one of the key concepts for most American politicians the idea of American Exceptionalism? Don't all Americans think that they are naturally superior to all others?
"America isn't Nazi Germany and Trump isn't the Führer." First sentence in the article.
"If you don't already understand how Hitler was possible than you simply don't care about history." That was the first sentence of mine.
I don't personally believe that just because you don't know something doesn't mean you don't care.
That's exactly how history repeats itself. By not learning and caring.
And thus the comparison is moot and the article just a clickbait headline
But why no mention of our friend, nazi Germany?
Second thing on the list, if you cared to read it.
Germans were buying bundles of cash and burning them because it was cheaper to do that than to get firewood. Jewish people led financial institutions and the rise of communism. They were made into a scapegoat because of that. What are the parallels to the US? We outsource everything because it is cheaper, thereby losing a lot of domestic work, and flooding immigration leads to a further dilution of wealth ONLY in the poor and middle class. How are those comparable? And before you answer, mein kampf literally detailed Hitlers plan far before he became the fuhrer, and it was a best-seller.
Hyperinflation had been gone for years by the time Hitler rose to power. It was the Depression, not inflation.
The answer you seek is in the article.
He's saying they aren't similar and therefore aren't comparable, not asking you where he can find some weak comparisons.
deaglebro asked a question that was already answered in the article. The parallels are clearly drawn.
No it's not, I was addressing the point of scapegoating. Hitler's rise and Trump's rise are far different because of Hitler using political threats to arrive at his power. I mean Hitler used Brownshirts to bully people into supporting him--sounds more like Clinton than Trump. I'm not reading the article because the premise is ridiculous. It's like if the title said: "Climate Change is a good thing for the future of the human race." It's just nonsensical.
From the article - "And please spare me your “how dare you compare” indignation, if you are so inclined. I do not claim that America is Nazi Germany, that Trump is Hitler or that another Holocaust is just around the corner. But the blanket ban on using the most discussed, most debated and most researched issue of the 20th century as a reference point for viewing current events is, in my view, beyond ridiculous." Until you've read it you aren't very qualified to comment on it's content.
Nah man, he's fine honestly. I don't know if you just don't understand what he's saying or if you're obstinately refusing to address a viewpoint that doesn't agree with yours but his comments are totally valid irrespective of what the article says. He isn't claiming America is Germany, he's saying the sociopolitical is so vastly different that comparisons relying on the two aren't worth consideration. Nothing in that article ameliorates that concern even a little. The author is right in that sense that you should. Be able to use Nazi Germany or Hitler's rise to power for the sake of comparisons to current events he just failed to find one which served as as a legitimate point of reference.
I'm more of the latter, obstinately refusing to address a viewpoint that doesn't agree with mine.
There's a pretty deep irony in admitting that while trying to vilify trump, but I don't really come to /r/politics expecting intelligent discourse anyway.
I never vilified Trump. I was poking fun at the people who didn't bother to read the article but still felt qualified to critique it.
"Reading's hard. Vote for Trump!"
> and flooding immigration leads to a further dilution of wealth Immigration is down and has been steadily declining since the 2008 housing crisis. The comparisons of scapegoating immigrants are apt because, in reality it's just simply not true. Highlighted by people still using it as a recourse for their financial situations.
The damage is already done, and notice how I said further, as in it aids my main point (that you did not address). Corporations lobby for higher tariffs because they can afford them and it acts as a starting cost for emerging competitors. Don't be fooled, we are run by a cartel of corporations.
When has America not been run by corporate interests?
So why make the headline "How Trump can explain what happened with Hitler"? That's like writing an article called "Obama isn't American" and making the first sentence "to clarify, Obama is American"
The headline is "Thanks to Trump, we can better understand how Hitler was possible"
The article is saying we can use Trump as a contemporary example to understand how regular, normal people in 1930s Germany put the Nazi party in power. These ordinary Germans were baited by Hitler's rhetoric much in the same way Trump supporters vehemently believe his statements on Mexican immigrants and Muslims. Despite all we know about Nazi Germany, it can still be hard for some people to imagine an entire nation electing a party as horrendous as them into power. Now that we have Donald fucking Trump as the runner-up for the most powerful position in the United States, this scenario is easier to understand from a layperson's perspective.
You simply cant. The struggle in Nazi Germany is nothing anyone alive today, save our WW2 vets, can hope to understand. They burned their money to stay warm since it was worthless. These current generations think the recession was terrible, and it's not even in the same realm of suffering. Hitler said the exact things he needed, based on a very real dire situation, and had a common enemy to point the blame. Talking about Trump to make such comparisons does a disservice to those who have actually suffered. As my first sentence says, it just shows you couldn't care for history.
It's truly an interesting dynamic, that people who denigrated the "1%" are casually referring to Trump as Hitler. That was who Hitler was calling out... The 1%... Which in that time was the Jews. I am NOT claiming that EITHER party is the Nazi party. And neither candidate is Hitler. As a matter of fact anyone who tries to make such a comparison is simply ignorant(regardless of side). All popular candidates do at least SOMETHING similar to how Hitler rose to power. You know what... Hitler loved dogs...
As the first sentence of the article says, "America isn't Nazi Germany and Trump isn't the Führer." Of course 2016 America is not 1930s Germany. Of course we're not experiencing hyperinflation to the degrees Germany faced. Of course our nation and its people are not suffering to the point they suffered. No one, and certainly not this article, is equating our experience to theirs. Its simply drawing parallels between Nazi fear mongering, media paranoia, and racial scapegoating and Trump's campaign tactics in becoming the Republican nominee.
They're very strong parallels, what's different is a matter of degree. America's economic, social, and political situation is quite similar to inter-war Germany. It's not as extreme, which will hopefully prevent the rise of a new Hitler (whether or not that is Trump), but it's very similar.
Wow this is some cancerous shit right here /r/politics
Any reason why or did you just see the title and have your feelings hurt?
Nah I don't get butt hurt over a headline, though sometimes I do read them just to save time because I got better things to do than say, type 26 comments into a single thread targeting trump supporters. Jeez get out sometime dude, And lay off the weed not many smart and successful people smoke it, only white trash.
This is actually a good article since it cites historians and other reliable sources. I'm just gonna copy/paste some snippets from the article since I'm sure most can't be bothered to click on it: >Ian Kershaw’s description of the recurring themes in Hitler’s speeches: “The contrast of Germany’s strength in a glorious past with its current weakness and national humiliation – a sick state in the hands of traitors and cowards who had betrayed the Fatherland to its powerful enemies and behind them, the Jews...a cheating and corrupt government and party system presiding over economic misery, social division, political conflict and ethical collapse.” - >“He gained much of his oratorical success by telling his audiences what they wanted to hear. He used simple, straightforward language that ordinary people could understand, short sentences, powerful emotive slogans...There were no qualifications in what he said; everything was absolute, uncompromising, irrevocable, undeviating, unalterable, final. He seemed, as many who listened to his early speeches testified, to speak straight from the heart, and to express their deepest fears and desires. Increasingly, too, he exuded self-confidence, aggression, belief in the ultimate triumph of his party, even a sense of destiny.” - >“Another thing that struck me was the man’s utter incapacity to deal with important details....His talk was a succession of vague generalities, couched in attractive if flowery language, but showing in every case either complete ignorance or at least complete contempt for detail.” - > he composed an astonishingly shrewd vade-mecum (handbook, CS): how to bamboozle [the masses] with hysteria and incitement, oversimplification and repetition, stunts and tricks, parades and ceremonials. Brooding morbidly over its lost glory and wallowing in an ecstasy of self-pity, a defeated Germany offered a uniquely propitious target for the possessed demagogue to cast his spell and hypnotize its masses - >...initial successes of the Nazis and other totalitarian movements in the 1920’s and 1930’s stemmed from their reliance on hitherto politically uninvolved masses desperate for economic and social relief...Having been detached from political discourse and ignorant of recent history, Arendt writes, these masses were willing to accept bold lies and bald assertions as fact and to adopt the fantastical depictions of reality made by their leaders... - >it goes without saying that freethinking and individualistic Americans are not regimented discipline-yearning Germans. Or that the U.S. is strong and resilient, while Hitler would never have come to power without the double whammy of Germany’s crushing defeat in World War I and the catastrophic 1929-1930 depression, though perhaps I underestimate the ability of modern social media and cynical politicians to create a delusional world in which things seem just as bad today. The whole point of this article is summarized in these two sentence: >How did this “most unlikely pretender to high state office” achieve absolute power in a once democratic country and set it on a course of monstrous horror?” asks Michiko Kakutani in her New York Times book review of Volker Ullrich’s new biography of Hitler. The answer, I propose, is clearer today than it was before Trump emerged on the scene. I say give it a read. It's not that long and it's informative, thoughtful, measured and not as outlandish as you might think after years of people yelling "GODWIN'S LAW LUL" at you on Reddit....and anyway, as the author says, this is more about Hitler's rise to power than his governance.
I think one thing to keep in mind too, however, is the vast difference in times. One thing I don't understand - and maybe you can help clear it up - when, whoever is the president, is not performing well - or things aren't going his way - his followers will say "ahh not our fault, the president doesn't have any real power anyways!" - and yet- everyone acts like our next president will be able to run rampant and do whatever he wants. But we have protections in place to prevent such a thing (sorta) I mean, sure, Bush decided to "go to war" without congressional approval - but then again, I'm not too sure too many people would have opposed him anyways... we have an impeachment system - and congress can, in most cases, override the President's decision - that's the point of checks and balance... now, I do also know, that as Commander in Chief - there is some sort of quick turn around in terms of launching nukes... but I feel like there's got to be something in place that can be enacted to prevent something crazy, as long as the right people speak up fast enough...
I think, at least in this case, trump is viewed as an outsider with cartoonist characteristics. A lot of people believe that congress will not respect him, and will not allow him to do much. Hillary on the other hand has more experience, and clearly has other politicians sticking their neck out for them. It would be much less taboo for an individual congressman to advocate Trumps impeachment that Hillary's. Hillary has more alliances. She also can discredit people by calling them misogynist if she wished. What a lot of people don't get is that even with written rules, It can be taboo to follow and enforce them. I doubt an executive order to imprison all Muslims would be followed unless domestic terror attacks were much more common. On the other hand, quietly introducing policies which benefit your donors is much more likely to go uncontested. Especially when other members of congress have the same donors.
>as the author says, this is more about Hitler's rise to power than his governance. The author ignores many key elements of Hitler's rise in order to make the comparison. For example, he ignores the 1923 putsch which was the KEY pivot in Hitler gaining power. It's nonsense that only works if the reader is ignorant of history.
Downvoted for actually reading it instead of kneejerk shitposting.
Yes, a big part of Hitler's rise to power was his incredible speaking ability. If you watch one of his speeches on tape, you can tell he was just a master at that. Trump is more of a master at manipulating the media, sound bytes for policies that sound good on the surface to people who don't know any better/haven't thought it through.
Exactly, Trump is a horrible speaker
>reliance on hitherto politically uninvolved masses desperate for economic and social relief...Having been detached from political discourse and ignorant of recent history, Arendt writes, these masses were willing to accept bold lies and bald assertions as fact and to adopt the fantastical depictions of reality made by their leaders... Wow. I think that right there is the best summation of this election I've heard yet. I've spent so much time wondering why people just can't see through the bullshit. It seems like they do, they just accept it because they want their situation to be better. If your personal economy is wrecked and you don't think Hilary's policies will make it better, I can understand how you would choose trump even if you know he's a liar.
It isn't fair to single out Trump here - it just shows bias. Sure he is a douche but there is nothing unique about Trump in this regard. That quote describes any politician and their followers. Like Obama with hope and change we can believe in.
The article was about *Trump,* though. If they were to delve too deeply into context it would have easily spanned thousands of pages.
Sounds more like the Bernie support group.
That quote is so familiar, it's spooky.
See also: Brexit, where a lot of consensus agrees that the people who voted for the UK leaving the EU were people who had not benefited from Globalization, and felt completely isolated from the Establishment/Status Quo that warned them that leaving the EU would be economically disastrous.
Really? Has it resorted to this? Stick a fork in r/politics, you guys are done.
Or... you could try reading the actual article.
The amount of butthurt from recognizing Trump's fascistic features is worthy of another batch of popcorn, I think. brb
Any reason why? Or did you just read the title and jump to conclusions?
About 10% of the people in this sub actually read the articles posted. The rest just see the headline and upvote or downvote accordingly.
I'll take a thousand uninformed votes over one uninformed comment any day
*Airhorn*
/r/politics is a mess
/r/politics is a nervous wreck
And thanks to Hillary we now better understand how Stalin was possible.
I wasn't aware Hillary was a military commander in a dictatorship who systematically purged and executed all her political rivals.
Stalin, like Hitler, like Donald, are all authoritarians.
Brilliant
Are you high? What parallels to Stalin's rise to power you see in Hillary's campaign?
Your own bias doesn't allow you to logically assess what's happening here. Comparing Trump to Hitler is absurd, yet you believe it true. Comparing Clinton to Stalin is absurd, yet somehow you agree with this.
CNN and the other big channels with their 24/7 badly made lying defense for dear leader reminds me a lot of soviet state propaganda I had to endure as a child. There are other things too. Like giving state positions for favors. And killing a lot of people on questionable adventures. Like in Libya. But the biggest is they can both lie with a straight face and feel nothing about it. And the people close don't dare question because they are afraid of the uncontrolled rage. Hillary is evil. She has a lot of hate.
Selling state position for favors? That is just politics as usual, every candidate does that. Why do you think Chris Cristie is endorsing Trump after calling him the most unprepared presidential candidate in the GOP primary? Also there is no such thing as CNN propaganda, take out your tinfoil hat while there is still time.
If you sleep in shit for long enough, you'll wake up and stop smelling it one day
> That is just politics as usual, every candidate does that. Lmfao.
The last line is hilarious, since Trump is visibly angry frequently and a sentiment analysis showed him 40% more negative if I recall correctly.
savage
In know I'm gonna regret asking, but please tell me how Clinton's path in politics this far is remotely similar to Stalin's.
You know how Stalin used the media and propaganda to push his message and ONLY his message to the Russian people in addition to ridiculing/demonizing the opposition? I want you to take a look at this sub, take a look at #GoHillary beginning to trend with 2k tweets, take a look at how Trump supporters already feel disenfranchised and oppressed and tell me you can't see a parallel.
No, Stalin didn't really do that. He was just a clever, backstabby motherfucker that was given control over party membership and therefore influence in government.
It's a simple Google search man. "Stalin Propaganda" brings up posters. [Here](http://www.pbs.org/redfiles/prop/inv/prop_inv_ins.htm) is a report on how the Bolshevik party and later Joseph Stalin used media to project a narrative of peace and prosperity while people were being slaughtered (ctrl-f "Stalin" to skip to the relevant part). &nbsp; Whether he was a clever, ruthless man is up to historians but please don't try to deny history.
I can't see a parallel. "upvoting stories on reddit" and Trump voters being salty about losing an election is not like Stalin.
You can't see a parallel cause the media you read doesn't allow you to.
r/Iam14andthisisdeep
This would be funny if it didn't actually take 6 months for some media outlets to stop being totally biased in favor of Clinton.
When there's only one thing to upvote, what do you upvote? I'm not denying Clinton has her supporters here, I'm saying the Clinton campaign pays people to massively push her narrative and this has similarities to the propaganda machine Stalin created while he was in power. &nbsp; Also, Trump voters have nothing to do with this. Reddit dislikes Donald as a whole but HATES corruption as well. Anyone with two eyes can see that this "impartial" sub has become an extension of the Clinton Campaign and I've seen Reddit as a whole disavow this cancer growth of a sub.
Unsure why the scare quotes around impartial. The mods here might try to be impartial but the sub as a whole is just a bunch of people with opinions, why would you ever assume it was supposed to be impartial?
Because that's what you would expect on a website with tens of thousands of users. I mean are you seriously expecting me to accept that every single /r/politics user HATES Trump and LOVES Clinton? After what happened with Bernie? Sure I understand that Reddit is liberal as a general trend but nothing but Trump bashing and Clinton preaching on a default politics sub? Something's not right. &nbsp; Also the very idea that mods here are impartial is laughable. /r/politics has been bought and sold and can be equated to another arm of the Clinton campaign. This can be seen is the removal of any and all pro-Trump stuff EXCEPT when it reaches the front page and mods can't really delete it without a huge backlash. This can be seen when people like me who challenge your notion that mods are impartial inevitably get banned. This can be seen in the distrust that most Reddit users have in this sub. I've seen Clinton supporters disavow this place, calling it "corrupt" and a "disgrace". So to sum it up, /r/politics is supposed to be impartial (it's not) and mods are supposed to be reasonably fair but may have their own reasonable bias (farthest thing from reality). Pretty sad state of affairs if you ask me.
I never said the mods were impartial. And nobody here is supposed to be anything. I really don't understand your point- a liberal leaning forum populated by technologically savvy young people exhibits bias? I'm shocked. Also, on 9/11 the entire front page of this sub was headlines about hrc being terminally ill and thus unqualified. Sure hrc controls the sub.
Again, it's not about bias. Don't you think it's a little shady when a pro-Bernie sub turns vehemently pro-Clinton within a week? There were articles on the front page of the sub calling for Clinton to be arrested with a hit piece attached during the Democratic primaries and I'm just supposed to lie down and accept that literally everyone here has just became pro-Clinton and anti-Trump? As for your claim that Reddit is filled with liberal young people, you're absolutely right, but it's not /r/hillaryclinton that's the most active sub on this site, it's /r/the_donald. Make of that what you will. &nbsp; Finally, about the 9/11 posts. Clinton was caught on tape fainting at the 9/11 memorial. You couldn't make anything more sensationalist if you tried and stuff like that gets upvoted due to the nature of the content. It was upvoted heavily but also very quickly, removing the chance that mods could remove it before it blew up. The posts after that were riding off the first one. I interpret it as /r/politics showing its true colors as a pro-Bernie/anti-Clinton sub by upvoting what /r/politics actually believes in heavily and quickly.
Ok, you are unhappy with this sub, but seriously who cares? Why does it matter? Do you think Reddit has that much influence over the election? If Reddit and this sub do actually have that much power then why haven't you been banned for calling them out?
"candidate in election spends money to convince people to elect her, news at 11"
By silencing all dissenting opinion. Sorry, but that's not something I can get behind.
"People told me I'm wrong, so I've been silenced"
Oh yes, people tell me I'm wrong but I've never kicked out of a conversation for going against what everyone is saying. I live in a liberal part of the country (my state's predicted to go blue) and no one has ever told me to shut my mouth and get out because I support the Rebublican ticket. &nbsp; That's what going on here in the media. In /r/politics, anyone with a dissenting opinion on the Clinton narrative is banned sooner or later. On Twitter, hashtags are promoted or suppressed depending on whether they have a pro or anti Clinton bent. In broadcast media, wikileaks and O'keefe are barely even addressed (FOX is an exception but even they have been proven to take orders from the Clinton campaign). &nbsp; Just a reminder man, a ban is a silence. There's no going around it and it is meant for troublemakers and those who don't add anything to the conversation. Abuse is expected on the internet but not on a default politics forum. It's not even Trump supporters who are getting mass banned, it's anything ANTI-CLINTON. So ask yourself, do you really want me to be banned for talking about what I believe in, even if you don't like it?
You're not banned, and here you are, talking as you see fit. Once you start claiming Fox takes orders from the Clintons, you're on the other side of the looking glass, man
Eh, that still seems like a bit of a stretch. Clinton doesn't control ~~all social~~ the media. Edited because apparently my point wasn't clear to some people. Clinton doesn't control the media, whether it be twitter or cable news or whatever.
yeah theres still 4chan!
Is that where we're at? She doesn't control EVERYTHING so it's OK? It's even been proven that "Conservative" news sources like FOX take orders from the Clinton campaign, so it's not just social media like you say, more like huge broadcasting corporations that can effectively push what they want and it becomes public opinion. &nbsp; Just as this article doesn't equate Trump to Hitler but finds the parallels between their rhetoric and general atmosphere of their campaigns, there is also a parallel between Stalin and Clinton's grip over the media. Trump is not Hitler, Clinton is not Stalin but you can't deny that parallels exist between the four of them, respectively.
She doesn't control anything. Are you worried about being arrested and executed for posting this? Is anyone at Fox worried about criticizing her? There is no 'grip' over the media, other than a lot of people in the media have taken a good look at Trump and think he's a terrible person and a terrible candidate.
As I said in my previous post, Clinton is not Stalin. I'm not worried for my life BECAUSE she does not use Stalin's methods of total subjugation. That does not excuse her from creating a superPAC dedicated to infiltrating mod positions at popular websites and pushing her narrative. &nbsp; Also do you really think there is no grip on the media? We've seen people who mention Wikileaks get their connection terminated on CNN. We've seen media blatantly refuse to mention injustices done against Trump supporters by the Clinton campaign. Do you want them to salute a picture of Clinton before you admit that the Clinton Campaign MIGHT be offering them positions of power/monetary gain if Clinton gets elected?
Yes, there is no grip on the media. They endlessly talk about her emails and any minor slip up she has. Trump is just a dumpster fire.
Um.... no. Clinton doesn't control *any* media, I was just usual social media as the example because you mentioned twitter. Clinton is a public figure that the media covers. If she controlled the media, do you think everybody would be talking about the FBI just saying that they are looking into the emails again?
But what exactly are they saying about the FBI? CNN, MSNBC, even some people on FOX are taking a negative stance on Comey's descision. There is virtually no dissent among broadcast media that Comey had bad judgement in sending that letter and that's why it's valid to say that Clinton has a grip on the media. &nbsp; In addition, you say it's business as usual when twitter trends something with 2,000 tweets? Maybe you don't know how twitter works but stuff starts trending at about 10,000 tweets AND RISING. Don't you think it's just a little bit shady that all of a sudden after a bombshell gets dropped on her, a pro-Clinton hashtag nobody was talking about gets pushed to the forefront of social media? &nbsp; Finally you say "Clinton doesn't control any media" but in your previous post you said "Clinton doesn't control all social media". Which is it man?
> There is virtually no dissent among broadcast media that Comey had bad judgement in sending that letter and that's why it's valid to say that Clinton has a grip on the media. That's because it's pretty clear that it was at a minimum a breach of protocol. All the media coming to the same conclusion doesn't mean that there is collusion, it probably means that it's a reasonable conclusion. About the twitter thing, I really don't see your point. I really doubt that the Clinton campaign controls what is trending on twitter. I don't know enough about the algorithms to say exactly why things happened the way they did, but I'm not gonna assume that Clinton controls twitter just because I can't explain one trending hashtag. >you say "Clinton doesn't control any media" but in your previous post you said "Clinton doesn't control all social media". Which is it man? Both? Like I said before, I only mentioned social media the first time because you mentioned twitter. Clinton doesn't control the media, which includes social media. It's not complicated.
So the reasonable conclusion is that Comey has bad judgement? Case closed? People don't get to be director of the FBI without being able to know when stuff is legit or not. The fact that any possibility of anything of substance being brought against Clinton is quashed immediately is really quite telling as to who the media favors and who is giving them the incentive to favor them. &nbsp; As for your hashtags comment, it's not just one hashtag. It's dozens of hashtags being suppressed or promoted depending on what narrative is pushes. Hashtag suppression/promotion is not a new thing, by the way; it's been happening ever since the election started. Combine that with pro-Trump voices like Scott Adams getting shadowbanned on Twitter and you have a nice little connect-the-dots puzzle to finish. &nbsp; Finally, she controls some social media but she doesn't control the media? Can you explain this to me because it sounds like a paradox right now?
Once your brain develops a little more (you still lack some reasoning skills at age 16), you'll understand what I'm saying. She doesn't control the media. Period. End of sentence. I never said she controls some social media.
Why am I bothering responding to a fucking high school Trump supporter? Take some political science classes at community college next year and get back to me.
[Email of DWS telling an editor at CNN to alter a headline so it doesn't contain her challenger's name](https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/6131) Specific editors at media outlets are definitely taking cues from politicians, and it's distorting the truth.
The same way that Trump's is similar to Hitler.
There are undeniable similarities there.
Well yea, Hitler and Trump are both men.
Fire
Damn son
The lead sentence of the article is "America isn't Nazi Germany and Trump isn't the Führer. But today it is easier to grasp how millions of people accepted the outrageous lies and dangerous delusions offered by the tyrant." The real message of this is Germany wasn't Nazi Germany either before an insane demagogue took over the political process. It can happen anywhere.
The real message is the author wants to stigmatize Trump by associating him with Hitler, without opening himself up to legal liability.
Insane from your perspective, but believe it not most Americans believe that borders should be enforced.
Didn't know inciting hatred against Muslim and Mexican people was just enforcing borders.
I find it hilarious, seeing as Hilter's rise to power was marked by political suppression, violence, and co-opting of key govt positions and media. Due to wikileaks and project veritas, we now have confirmed connections reaching the highest order of the clintons and agent provocateurs who actively incited violence, voter fraud, and illegal campaign coordinations. The cognitive dissonance is astounding.
the projection of everything the party on the "right side of history" does is honestly crazy.
We are foolish to think we're immune to it.
Which is a great reason to never vote for a candidate who supports gun control. That was one of the first rights the nazis took away from their citizens. Then they took control of the media... Just like Trump wants to... Oh wait... That's Clinton. Actually I think it was media then guns but whatever.
And who's the one who seems to have a problem with the media? 90% of all arguments for gun control involve making it harder for people with psychological or criminal backgrounds to get them, or limiting the magnitude of guns sold (the people of 1930s Germany did not have the same problems with magazine size because it was the 1930s). And for some reason, no one seems to know why, every effort to make it harder for dangerous people to get guns gets shouted down. Anyone who tells you Democrats want to take your guns or rights away is making money off your fear. Obama didn't get held back by Republicans from taking your guns away, and he didn't forget to do it. The truth is, he never planned on taking them away. And if you're worried that a president who pushes gun control legislation will slowly erode the 2nd amendment, I can assure you that will not lead us to a totalitarian regime any better than an election like this one could.
The one who has the problem with the media is the one who is running against the candidate who already has control of the media since she bows to our Wallstreet run oligarchy and anyone else with a large sum of money she can have. The nazis were originally just taking them from people they deemed dangerous and then everyone and then short wave radios and anything that could be used to spread dissenting opinions. That's the problem, they can deem anyone they want mentally ill or dangerous. If you really want to just put it all in the hands of a regime as corrupt as Clinton's then you're just as dumb as the people who put Hitler in power. I feel like if Hitler were alive today he would try and crush dissent by spending like ten or so million on shills to try and control sites like reddit and social media.
Shills don't crush dissent. They help the media manufacture consent, which is what it does, and we saw the process of manufacturing consent win Hillary the primary. But I've got nothing else to say to the argument that they can deem anyone they want mentally ill or dangerous. If you look at how much Americans are killing each other and you listen to the people who want to hinder that, and you say "but if we let them say mentally ill people can't have AR-15s, then they might define mentally ill the wrong way so we should do nothing instead," I won't change your thinking, so. It's politically correct to not say I hope they take your guns, I hope no one ever again gets the chance to take over a nature preserve armed with automatic weapons, and I hope you can afford the laundry it will take to wash your pants every time you pee all over yourself because of the danger you perceive the 2nd amendment to be in.
Shills do crush dissent. They do whatever you pay them to. That's just an outright false statement. >But I've got nothing else to say And you proceed to say more... Weird. Yeah we gotta watch out for those spooky, fully automatic, hair trigger, laser scoped, AR-15s. It's been shown time and time again if someone wants to badly enough they will get their hands on a weapon illegally or use some other means to kill. Oh nobody got hurt in their dumb little protest. Don't be such a God damn pansy. It's better than beating people in the street like at all the Soros/dnc funded protests. >It's politically correct to not say I hope they take your guns Wut?
Agreed. Thank God these established politicians are being exposed for the crooks they are.
Pretty sure they were talking about Trump and patterns within his base that parallel patterns seen in the rise of the Nazi party. Not "crooked, establishment" politicians. On the contrary, that's the sort of thought and rhetoric being critiqued here. Nice try, I guess.
That's pretty much exactly what Nazis ~1933 were saying.
The democrats nominated someone who was under FBI investigation.
I legitimately want to hear you explain why this makes Clinton ineligible for office. You know Darrel Issa, the congressman from California, is a convicted felon? Seriously, why does her being under investigation matter? And what are you going to say if the investigation yields no new findings?
Dear god, I think he's serious.
Because she is guilty and should be in prison.
Guilty of what, exactly?
Mishandling of classified information.
But she clearly didn't intend to break the law by mishandling it.
In the statute that defines there law it clearly says in a matter of mishandling classified material there does not need to be intent.
Actually, what you said is the opposite of true. You have to do so "knowingly and willfully". Negligent disclosure is not a crime. https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/798
I thought 'C' was for Cookie
I didn't know you got to replace juries in the US to convict people. How did you get that position?
The DOJ didn't want to risk running Clinton's case in front of a jury. But Bill meeting with Loretta Lynch was just another one of his booty calls probably.
[deleted]
Your logic will not persuade those who fall to Trump's rhetoric sadly.
The problem is that Trump is not under investigation and so far no allegation was proved. On the other side Hillary . . . I mean its the democrats fault if Trump is elected. Instead of beeing ok with hillary you should have pushed for someone else. And what is her rhetoric, "vote for me because im a woman" ? Yeah thats that low, same for Obama, the falling dems are desesperatly trying to grab the vote of minorities without giving anything back, do you think the situation got better for all the blacks that voted twice for obama ?
Bernie Sanders would have crushed Trump if Hillary hadn't stolen his nomination tbh.
He knew it, his wife didnt want him to support hillary. And if he stuck to his ideals he wouldnt have supported her and would have be your nominee, with all emails showing that it was indeed rigged.
> stolen Rigged is the buzzword now, keep up.
> Literally every president gets into office under investigation with several lawsuits in the works. Lol, are you serious?
But you see, Hitler was in prison, not just under investigation and would be except for half-million-dollar bribes directly to the investigators. Completely different! Wait, wrong politican-is-Hitler-based-on-nigh-zero-evidence circlejerk.
Just want to remind everyone that Bill Clinton is a rapist.
Guilty until proven innocent for political opponents of the God emperor, right?
You must have forgotten how this sub acted when Trump was accused of the same shit. Don't act like your side is any better.
No no, Hillary said it's just a follow up inquiry, don't listen to the FBI, just a normal security review. The FBI must have misspoke.
And it was Russians behind it anyway. You don't want to do what Russia tells you to, do you?
But... B...But trumps a Nazi!
At least she's comfortably in front.
In the polls, or the front of media attention for her incompetence?
No d00d didnt u read da article. Trump is [le]terally HITLUR!!!
Twice rofl
Wow r/propaganda wow. This sub is a disgrace.
/r/the_donald is leaking...
/r/hillaryclinton is flooding...
It is a dead sub. The Clinton campaign can only pay for 1 subreddit.
go back to your safe space where you dont get triggered then.
Surely you are not delusional enough to think this is even close to a neutral politics sub, yes?
The sub is neutral. The readers, however, like most Americans, prefer Hillary.
If you believe the polls there is about a 5 point spread give or take. Do you really think this sub represents that? Get out of here.... It's like 90 Hilary / 5 anyone but trump / 5 trump. Indeed this sub lets DAE trump = Hitler fly. This is a joke of a sub.
You seem to be confused, this sub IS a safe space, but for Clinton supporters.
then whats the donald?
A candidate-specific (partisan) sub that literally has his name in it? You seem to be forgetting that this sub is SUPPOSED to be unbiased and non-partisan. With the amount of bias in this sub, you'd think this was an extension of /r/hillaryclinton.
The sub is unbiased. The readers, like most Americans, prefer Hillary.
Preferring her is one thing (I prefer her myself), but too many people defend her for things she deserves to be called out on. That is the users showing their bias.
I believe criticizing her at this junction is parallel to supporting Trump. Call me a conscientious objector. But on November 9th I'm switching back to full lib fuck Clinton mode, once the white nationalist threat has died.
Why is this sub supposed to be anything? Says who? I just expect it to be mostly reflective of the opinions of its users, and as a group what fucking obligation do they have to be impartial?
So then you agree this sub is pro-Clinton echo chamber?
That would be r/politicaldiscussion
A sub created to support Donald Trump. This sub should be neutral.
Subreddits are not meant to be neutral, lol. How a subreddit is depends on the readers
Neutrally viewed Trump is a horrible choice for president. Neutral enough?
Well you're certainly entitled to your opinion. I'm referring to how any remotely pro-Trump or anti-Hillary articles get downvoted into oblivion immediately. That's hardly neutral.
> Well you're certainly entitled to your opinion. It is not just my opinion, it's a fact and everyone around the globe knows it. Fucking hell, in an international poll conducted by Gallup even a clear majority of Iraqis viewed Clinton as the lesser evil and she played a part in completely destroying their country.
It is neutral. The readers, like most Americans, prefer Hillary.
This sub might as well be /r/democrats .
You post on thedonald, which makes your comment hilarious
/r/the_donald does not advertise itself as something other than a safe space for Trump supporters.
Sad!
Try posting an anti-Hillary or pro-Trump article. It will be removed within minutes.
https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/56pqik/well_donald_trump_just_threatened_to_throw/
General Patraeus was forced to resign and got 2 years of probation and a $100,000 fine for much less. Not to mention her criminal use of a "non-profit" and her illegal donations and gifts from foreign powers. The only reason she isn't in prison/looking at a felony is her influence and power exemplified by her husband's tarmac meeting with Loretta Lynch right before Comey was set to recommend or not recommend indictment. Not to mention what she did to Haiti. Or the Uranium One deal. Or her connections with dozens of mysterious "suicides" of people who uncovered dirt on her (Seth Rich, Victor Thorn, Vince Foster to name just a few). She should be in prison 100%
What are you smoking? Petraeus is not in prison.
Thanks for the correction.
Or, reddit, like America, mostly supports Hillary.
Or Reddit is a hivemind echo chamber of early 20 year olds with shitty political opinions who like to circlejerk about how progressive they are. r/politics is a liberal college student's wet dream.
Do something about it
How the hell is this on the front page of /pol? Seriously. This sub has become an embarrassment. I am a liberal democrat who would never vote for Trump but even I can see that this sub has become a shell of its former self. This is repulsive.
Did you read the article? It's more of a historical comparison than a "Trump is literally Hitler" piece.
It's a historical comparison that ignores the 1923 putsch attempt, which was the key event in Hitler's rise to power. The article only works if you're completely ignorant of history.
It doesn't have to be a prefect comparison for there to be some parallels worth studying.
The comparison ignores the **main aspect** of Hitler's rise. That goes beyond "not a perfect comparison."
The main aspect of his rise was Nazis winning elections with Hitler's rhetoric, and it looks at the rhetorical similarities between them.
Like Hope and Change. Speaking of populists.
>Nazis winning elections That's news to me. What election did they win a majority in? Please cite a specific year.
They were the biggest party in the Reichstag after several elections in 1932, and the second biggest after 1930.
Still no majority from elections. Hitler's rise was not mainly about "winning elections," no matter how much you try to whitewash it. What kind of people whitewash Hitler's history?
I don't know, what kind of person are you?
It wasn't about Hitler winning a majority. In the March 1933 elections (there were multiple elections per year at that point), the Nazis gained enough power to, with the help of just a small percentage of the non-Nazi elected members, pass the Enabling Act which enabled Hitler to rule by decree. He still got enough power through his charisma and charged rhetoric to be able to take over the country. You aren't going to get perfect comparisons when the background and electoral systems are so different. That doesn't mean there is no use in comparing the two in certain ways. Honestly, did you read the article? I think it does a nice job of explaining why a comparison could be relevant.
>You aren't going to get perfect comparisons Because Trump has been non-violent while Hitler's rise was marked by incredible violence. Are you denying Hitler's violence? It would make sense, given your antisemitic name.
HAHAHAHA pal, I'm Jewish. I think I'm done here.
Majorities are not necessary to win elections with more parties than 2. This is the norm in the vast majority of the Western world today and through out history.
Yes, that's my point. The main aspect of Hitler's rise was not "winning elections."
I know there is no point to talking to you really, but he still won the elections... just without a majority. All of his power until 1936, and in most contemporary opinions (in Russia, England and the USA) right until 1945, came through legitimate democratic processes. Your obsession with his being violent is founded, but still legal by the definitions afforded to him at the time. He was a a thin skinned populist candidate who ran on a platform of "Make Germany Great again! The immigrants, the standing government and the leftists are to blame!" with the sympathies of racially motivated nationalists who was voted legally to power, then legally changed the rules to hold power. There are obviously differences, but that doesn't make the similarities disingenuous. The fact that the German government ran with between 8 to 36 different parties (depending on definition) meant that he was able to win with 20-35% of the popular vote opposed to the US where he will need the majority of the electoral college to win has nothing to do with the similarities of platforms between the two or of the demographics of those who follow them. If there were 3 right wing parties and 6 left wing parties then the situation would be much more similar in process, but not in tone.
Read the article.
Have you read the article? If so refute its arguments instead of doing some pointless banter.
Jesus. At least read the article before you start clutching your pearls
Can we not have every other response saying "LEL GO READ ARTICLE TRUMP = HITLER CUZ THEY GOT POWER THE SAME WAY" Seriously, shut the fuck up and come up with a real rebuttal.
When you see that many people saying the same things with similar phrasing, you know what it means. I think we all know what it means at this point.
A rebuttal to what? The comment I replied to didn't make an argument against anything in the article. What am I supposed to rebut? You also sound like a raging asshole to be honest.
Sorry if you think I sound like that, it's just that literally almost every post saying this article is stupid (which it is) the reply is "Did you even read the article?"
Did you read the article?
Pretty much. This sub is disgusting. It's laughable to think that anyone actually takes this sub seriously. Every article is either "Hillary is the better choice because ...." or "Trump is Hitler and here is why...". The mods and contributors to r/pol don't even try to hide their agenda anymore.
/r/politics is /r/hillaryclinton2 in every way at this point, nothing surprises me anymore.
Thanks to Clinton we understand how Erdogan's re-election was possible with all the audio recordings related to his bribery scandal.
it's more like trump supporters. they're a cult.
Lol
The entire site laughs at this sub. Keep the quality content 
Did you read?
And yet it still keeps attracting quality posters such as yourself.
Us quality posters are needed to ridicule such shit-posters as yourself :)
This subreddit is SHIT!!! 
Then why are you on it?
Holy shit, this sub has become a complete joke.
Did you read the article at all, or are you just reacting to the headline?
I read it. Standard biased, poorly argued hit piece.
Elites ignoring the concerns of the people for so long that a demagogue sweeps in and takes control? Yeah, not hard to understand.
I understand that people are fed up, but turning to a conman as their savior seems counterproductive.
As opposed to an oligarchal criminal?
Wow, Clinton supporters getting nervous.
Hey bro, can you pass the lube? *starts jerking the tip* "Oh yeah bro, so anyways trump is literally hitler and you're literally a sexist bro"
Why comment if you didn't read the article? What? Triggered by the title?
I can't wait to see Trump supporters losing their fucking minds on election night when he loses. Seeing thedonald set to private will be wonderful.
"Oh, Hillary has a huge trail of evidence and lies with a 30-year career of proven corruption? Don't look at that, see, Trump isn't Hitler, but since Hitler once breathed air and Trump breathes air, so therefore Trump = Hitler."
You didn't read so don't comment.
I did. I'm exaggerating the ridiculousness of this article. It's basically saying because he's a politician and has followers that makes him Hitler-like. You could make the same argument for Hillary, Bernie, Obama, anyone. And don't start on the "he hates Muslims" argument because he doesn't. He wants to keep terrorists out and to keep our borders safe. If you think that is racist or whatever, why don't you stop being a hypocrite and sleep with your doors open at night. How this shit makes it to the front page of /r/politics baffles me.
*Spooky racist man! Russia is controlling our elections!*
Russia is rigging the elections by exposing how Hillary is rigging the election. Let that sink in for a moment.
This is r/politics propaganda at its finest
this sub is garbage now
Didn't read?
ya it's garbage
Trash, man, trashman.
An actual propaganda machine
BahahhAaaa. C'mon guys really? How biased can you be?
Did you even read the article?
Yes, comparing the two is still trying to slander Trumps name.
Imma tell you, compare your friend to Hitler in any light and see how that goes.
Well if I say, that my friend is like Hitler because he has a mustache, that would be fine by him. This article doesn't make any claims that Trump is like Hitler in any way, it just compares their rise to popularity.
If you'd like the answer to that, try posting a pro-Trump or anti-Hillary article.
Lol never change /r/politics
And also how people can write such an article whilst justifying an Apartheid state and ghettos in Israel, with no sense of irony. Trump's an ass but glass houses, man...
There is nothing inherently wrong with Apartheid.
Wew
Haaretz is an liberal Israeli newspaper-- pro-civil rights, critics of the IDF, and anti-Netanyahu. They don't spend a lot of time justifying what's going on in Palestine-- quite the opposite, really.
Where exactly is Haaretz attempting to "justify an Apartheid state"?
Back to Hitler? Damn you guys are fucking desperate
The only thing being tired and dragged out is this shitty apologist copy pasta.
Right?!? The ironic thing is that it's Hillary who is acting like a fascist. She's the one with the state media, she's the one setting up her opponent with false charges, she's the one with a shady network of conspirators and donors and a "public and private" position on the issues. What are her real goals? She's not called Hitlery for no reason.
Don't forget paying people to start violent protests at Trump rallies. She's got her very own brownshirts!
She's the one with a team of basement virgins who sway the online narrative.
Also, lets not forget that she and her corrupt cronies gave us Trump. Wikileaks emails show they wanted Trump to win the GOP primary and asked the media to increase Trump coverage to help him because they thought he'd be an easier opponent. Also, the public sentiment driving Trump's (and Bernie's) campaign has been largely driven by our dissatisfaction with the corruption in our government. This was worsened exponentially by her treatment of the Bernie supporters (like myself), who directly because of her behavior went from him to Trump and are #neverhillary. Clinton and her ilk made Trump. They created the sentiment driving the populist movements on both sides. The will of the people to have a government that works for THEM (and not just the 1%) will not be subverted!
> She's not called Hitlery for no reason. Well, only morons call her that, but good point
I take it you couldn't be bothered to even read the first line, as that makes it quite clear this is a comparison of their rise and not their governing style.
They're trying so hard, it's adorable
[I can't hear you over all that winning.](http://elections.huffingtonpost.com/2016/forecast/president)
Because HuffPo isn't at all biased...
Go and share a Drudge or Breitbart online poll. Maybe you prefer [DailyKos](http://elections.dailykos.com/app/elections/2016) or [Predictwise](http://predictwise.com/politics/) or [Princeton](http://election.princeton.edu/2012/09/29/the-short-term-presidential-predictor/) or [Sabato](http://www.centerforpolitics.org/crystalball/2016-president/) or...
If only they tried this hard to listen to Bernie supporters. Or anyone but themselves.
They've gotta get that paycheck.
Can't wait till I finally get paid. I've been doing so much free work for Clinton.
It's funny how this stuff is international. It is still a common believe of the alt-right here in Germany that people who attend protests against the borderline fascist Pegida movement are paid up to 600€ per rally. I would drive an R8 instead of a Golf IV if that was true...
Did you read the article? It makes pretty clear that it isn't meant to be a direct comparison between Trump and Hitler as people, it more discussed historical comparisons about their speeches and rise in popularity.
This is Reddit. It's easier to sling shit about a headline than to read and converse about the contents of an article.
Regardless, most people commenting here won't read the article. The title of the article (and this post) are enough to reinforce the tired narrative of "TRUMP = HITLER" that Hillary supporters have been pushing for.
The problem is that Hitler isn't the world's boogyman because of his "speeches and popularity". He's the world's boogyman because he got 50+ million people killed. It's a generally irresponsible comparison.
This isn't about what Hitler did once he was in power, this is comparing how they both managed to rise in popularity using similar strategies.
And again, that's an irresponsible comparison, as it directly implies that Trump is similar to Hitler, when the very word "Hitler" implies mass genocide and global warfare.
It's putting their names together and then asking, "So what do ya think?"
Oh man, this sub has lost its mind. Are you guys really this desperate?
Didn't read?
Yeah ... yeah they are ... apparently no one realizes how bad hitler was
Based on your username, I think you know the answer to that question. Sure the message of the article isn't Trump = literally Hitler, but its intentionally provacative and tried really hard to make some poor connections between the political environment in present day America and pre-Hitler Germany.
(((((shekkels)))))
Seriously. This article is utter trash and contains nothing newsworthy and an incredibly insensitive and wrong-headed comparison. But on the dumpster fire that is /r/politics, it has thousands of upvotes and has made it to the front page. As soon as this election is over, they better nuke this sub and start over.
Yes they are
Hitler was possible due to German national socialism, cult of personality, antisemitism, and the Treaty of Versailles. Hitler headed a cult and weaseled his way into power by banning every political party in Germany aside from the NSDAP. Not sure what any of that has to do with Donald Trump. I can't even see a correlation between a businessman who runs clothing lines, reality TV shows, and hotels, and a dictator who headed a radical political ideology.
Hitler fueled his base with lies and demagogy (So does trump). He jailed and killed his opposition (Trump threatened to jail Clinton if he wins). Hitler was a fear monger that surged into power with a promise to "make Germany great" (...). Hitler railed up the masses with claims of rigged systems against him and his party (So does Trump). You talk about a cult of personality, I wouldn't say it is to the same extent but Trump has a cult of personality of his own. Just the fact that his supporters claim they would vote for him no matter what, promising to remain loyal to him even if he killed, raped, etc... There are tons of Hitler speeches in this post in which he uses similar arguments to what Trump says. For me it is clear there are similarities between Hitler before he ascended to power and Trump currently.
National socialism was made possible due to Trump, not the other way around. Cult of personality, check. Antisemitism: The xenophobia propagated by Trump is parallel. Treaty of Versailles: Handicapped the economy of Germany, and gave a good source of propaganda for Hitler to exploit. We don't really have this, but if we had an economic collapse, it would be a perfect storm. The only reason Clinton, as terrible of a candidate as she is, is winning. The point of the article isn't so much that Trump = Hitler, but we can certainly see how easily a dangerous demagogue can gain national sway.
The fact that so many view Trump as xenophobic should be an indication that he isn't a cult of personality.
I'm not even sure what this means. Are you saying that _everybody_ has approve of trump for him to qualify as a "cult of personality"? You mean the way that everybody supported Hitler in 1933? (Hint: this wasn't even close to the reality)
This statement doesn't make any sense.
> Treaty of Versailles: Handicapped the economy of Germany, and gave a good source of propaganda for Hitler to exploit. We don't really have this, but if we had an economic collapse, it would be a perfect storm. ==>Free trade agreements to the disadvantage (reality is more complex) of farmers and workers. For Hitler it was Versailles and the German farmer and worker. Trump like Hitler fans and leverages the fear being taken advantage by foreigners.
I saw this exact same copypasta posted by u/rationalcomment in a comment above. Getting careless Tovarisch. Archived in case he deletes > Hitler was possible due to German national socialism, cult of personality, antisemitism, and the Treaty of Versailles. Hitler headed a cult and weaseled his way into power by banning every political party in Germany aside from the NSDAP. Not sure what any of that has to do with Donald Trump. I can't even see a correlation between a businessman who runs clothing lines, reality TV shows, and hotels, and a dictator who headed a radical political ideology.
No idea what you're on about. What's copypasta?
His post >Hitler headed a cult and weaseled his way into power by banning every political party in Germany aside from the NSDAP. Not sure what any of that has to do with Donald Trump. I can't even see a correlation between a businessman who runs clothing lines, reality TV shows, and hotels, and a dictator who has for decades headed a radical political ideology and who advocates eugenics and conquest. Your post > Hitler headed a cult and weaseled his way into power by banning every political party in Germany aside from the NSDAP. Not sure what any of that has to do with Donald Trump. I can't even see a correlation between a businessman who runs clothing lines, reality TV shows, and hotels, and a dictator who headed a radical political ideology. Not copypasta?
I wrote my comment. It looks like he plagiarized me. Go ask him about that copypasta thing, because I have no idea about any of this.
Actually a lot of your points can easily be changed to fit Trump. Cult of personality? Check. Antisemitism? Check (the ridiculous bashing of Soros springs to mind), but I think general racism fits this box better. Treaty of Versailles? The treaty of Versailles caused many Germans to struggle with unemployment and poverty, incidentally what a lot of Trumps supporters are struggling with. And Hitler banned parties after he came in to power, not before. So while I don't think Trump is Hitler 2.0, his campaign is definitely showing parallels to Hitlers rise to power.
I don't know if the Soros bashing is blatant antisemitism. But if you replace antisemitism with Islamophobia, then you have a solid 
"He doesn't hate Jews, just Mexicans and Muslims". Oh ok
going after someone who is funding your opponents campaign equals antisemitism? Did he make anti Jewish remarks that I missed?
You're missing the point.
Yea you can't criticize a Jewish person for their actions or behavior. That would be anti-semitism /s
Well he made reference to the secret society of bankers that run everything which was clearly an anti-Semitic statement.
> ridiculous bashing of Soros obvious shill is obvious
>~~Hitler~~ *Trump* was possible due to ~~German~~ *American* national ~~social~~-ism, cult of personality, antisemitism, and the ~~Treaty of Versailles~~ *Southern Strategy*. >I can't even see a correlation between a businessman who runs clothing lines, reality TV shows, and hotels, and a dictator who headed a radical political ideology. You don't see any similarities between two megalomaniacal narcissists?
You don't see the cult of personality...? And he has nationalist advisers.
I see a buffoon with no filter who has a following because he's different than the career politicians that typically run for office.
Did you read the article, or just blinded by the orange haze?
Read the article.
>...cult of personality... And you're not sure what this has to do with Donald Trump?! Really? *Really?* And I don't know, it seems like Hitler's anti-Semitic rhetoric is a *really* damn close to Trump's anti-Muslim rhetoric.
Does it though? No, seriously, does it? Hitler wrote a book basically dehumanizing them and calling them rats and cockroaches. Literally called for their extermination as the only salvation for Germany. What did Trump say that was remotely comparable?
That Mexico is only sending criminals and rapists across the border seems close
How does that seem close? It's an immigration policy...
Calling people rapists and murders is not an immigration policy.
Not letting rapists and murders into the country who come here illegally is in fact an immigration policy.
Saying that all* immigrants from Mexico are bad is not.
No, which is why he didn't say all immigrants from Mexico are... It was a speech in reference to stopping illegal immigration where he talks about the type of bad people who come through the border illegally. Nowhere in it does he say all Mexican people or even all illegal immigrants from Mexico.
Transcript: "When Mexico sends its people, they’re not sending their best. They’re not sending you. They’re not sending you. They’re sending people that have lots of problems, and they’re bringing those problems with us. They’re bringing drugs. They’re bringing crime. They’re rapists. And some, I assume, are good people." The last sentence is why I put an asterisk after "all" immigrants.
Actually, it's thanks to Clinton. Any reasonable opposing candidate would not be struggling against Trump.
It's actually the establishment. Hillary and Trump are just happen to be the people to get caught up in it. The Establishment want above all someone who is theirs, over someone who is for the people. They've rigged it so many times, that they think they can get away with it and they will until enough people just don't give a shit any more and would prefer a lie they can trust over a lie they cannot, that's how the system works. They don't mind risking Trump in order to get Clinton because Sanders would have been worse than Trump for them. If it doesn't happen during this election, it will happen at the next.
I agree with you 100%.
http://66.media.tumblr.com/12fe7fd0f3dda92a15b2aeb402688cd8/tumblr_o5v5qo7yuv1qcr6iqo1_1280.jpg
This sub is a joke
No, you're the puppet, er joke, I mean grab the pussy, ah Mexicans.
Nice....
Just add Rusia and "misogynist" to your comment and we have full package.
At least you don't get banned for saying that, unlike some other sub that comes to mind.
Yeh well there is a difference between a subreddit specific to a candidate and a sub that is supposed to be partisan to politics.
This article is so bad it's almost like a reverse psychology hit piece against Hillary.
It's been a while since I saw a "Trump is literally Hitler" article. Who's he going to round up and murder?
Are you kidding? Muslims, for a start, and political opponents. Arresting Hillary etc.
Arresting Hillary had nothing to do with the fact that she's a political opponent and everything to do with her breaking the law through her email server. Come on. It doesn't take a genius to understand that.
Welllllll yes, but it's the way he said it. I'm sure she's. or he only one he plans to arrest.
Lol
Hey, everybody! Here's the guy who didn't read the article!
"Trump's not Hitler *wink wink*". Yeah great article.
We got it the first time. You didn't read the article. No need for further demonstration, thanks.
looks like someone only "read" the headline
You obviously didn't read the article. Or maybe you're not smart enough to understand the article. But to answer your hyperbolic question, probably Mexican immigrants.
And lefties wonder why they're so unlikable.
I don't wonder why I'm unlikeable, but thanks for your concern
OK good. Let it be known your self loathing is warranted.
Who said anything about self-loathing?
Megabran did. [Source](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/5a6d7k/thanks_to_trump_we_can_better_understand_how/d9e9ycy/)
You didn't read the article didn't you Squidward?
Hitler didn't start out by saying he was going to kill all the Jews, he started out by saying the Jews were the cause of Germany's misfortune. Which is exactly what Trump is doing with minorities and Muslims.
Are we not supposed to criticize islam for radical islamic terrorism?
You're not supposed to blame the peaceful Muslims who follow the religion and who aren't radicals. There are 1.2 billion of them. You're really willing to hate all of them based on the actions of maybe 100,000?
Hes never blamed them?
Yeah -- you are by assuming that all Syrians are dangerous ISIS Muslims.
I always thought it was not having a good way to validate their identities, as you would from a typical immigrant. You see, when Hillary was seceratary of state, the US back some 'rebels' in Syria and then.....
Extreme vetting goes on, what the hell are you talking about?
Extreme vetting? How? How do you vet a war refugee with the clothes on their back and nothing else? Do they call the Syrian division of public health and ask for biometric information? Europe has no idea who there millions of new neighbors are.
*their https://www.whitehouse.gov/blog/2015/11/20/infographic-screening-process-refugee-entry-united-states http://www.pbs.org/newshour/rundown/how-does-the-refugee-vetting-process-work/ http://time.com/4116619/syrian-refugees-screening-process/ http://www.npr.org/2015/11/17/456395388/paris-attacks-ignite-debate-over-u-s-refugee-policy http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2015/nov/15/jeb-bush/jeb-bush-it-takes-almost-year-refugee-be-processed/ Here you go, fam, since you can't be bothered to look it up yourself. It must be cute to be this uninformed (do you do no independent research? Dear God. Stop giving into fearmongering, and actually do some damn work!)
He literally wrote a book about his plans to create more living space for Germanic peoples.
The only time Trump makes mention of any problems he believes Muslims cause, he is talking about terror attacks. I can't see anything that pins the economy or any other issue America is facing on Muslims or minorities.
Except you forget to mention other minorities like Spanics which are rapists, drug dealers and criminals in general...
He's actually never said that as a general statement of all Mexicans. Once again, there he is talking about illegal immigrants, and even then not all of them. He stated that Mexican illegal immigrants frequently bring drugs and crime. Is that a false statement?
Only Jews can blame Muslims. Doing so is cultural appropriation.
So he wants to build a wall for funsies? No problems are being blamed in immigrants? You are talking about *Donald* Trump and not some other Trump, right?
Illegal and legal immigration are two different things, and Trump only talks about illegal immigrants when talking about problems in the country. Get a non-polarized lens and you'd see that.
> immigrants ... are not a racial/ethnic group. So it doesn't equate with "Jews are ruining Germany."
Don't be obtuse. I don't hear him wanting to build a wall around Canada. I think it's only pointed at one racial/ethnic group, don't you?
Oh, so you disagree with Hispanics being white? Pretty racist there, guy.
Hispanics are absolutely white. But they are still a different ethnic group, if not a racial one.
Youre right, why not let whole South America in? I dont wanna be a racist. Do you?
I'm glad we could come to an agreement.
He want to build a wall to stop illegal immigration and lessen the gang activity on the border. Hilary supported the wall being built in the past as well.
Except his habitual false claim that illegal aliens are coming into our country in droves and destroying the economy?
Illegal immigrants are not all of one nationality, and are not necessarily minorities, and minorities are not necessarily illegal immigrants.
And don't forget his repeated claims that they're raping and murdering us all, at least assuming the blacks living in hell don't beat them to the punch.
No, it's talking about hitlers rise to power, and how similar it is to trumps. That the rhetoric is the same, and that it appeals to the same ideological base
Was Hitler's rise to power then bad? No. What he did after was. Right?
I believe the point is we need to see these red flags in order to prevent the next Hitler to rise to power.
Depends on whether or not you were a political opponent or gasp, a communist. While most were more thoroughly dealt with in concentration camps after the power was consolidated, plenty were killed in the process of rising to power. Plenty of people died, plenty of people were beaten by Nazi goons, intimidation and threats and violence during the election.
>Was Hitler's rise to power then bad? No. Are you fucking kidding me?
What? We are discussing how he gained a following not what he did after.
>Was Hitler's rise to power then bad? No. I disagree in the strongest possible terms. This kind of demagoguery is specifically designed to taint the democratic process, seeking power for it's own sake instead of serving the public interest. It's a very short step from a belief that the lie "Hey, I watched when the World Trade Center came tumbling down. And I watched in Jersey City, New Jersey, where thousands and thousands of people were cheering as that building was coming down." was actually a true claim and believing that Muslim concentration camps might be a good idea...
Germany was in the worst state it could have been in coming off of a horrible WWI defeat. he was able to redo the whole government because of it being essentially non existent before hand. If you're comparing our country now to 1930's Germany, you may need to take a history lesson. Even if Trump was literally Hitler the government has too much power to override his dumbass decisions.
lol he's not comparing America now to Germany then. He's comparing Trump now to Hitler then. Obviously our country is dealing with this in a different way, but it's still the same thing that we're dealing with.
The article states, and makes a big deal of, saying Trump os not literally Hitler. Did you read it?
So then the title is basically propoganda-feuled click bait?
Here on /r/Politics? Surely not.
Of course not.
"I'll leave you in suspense."
Oh, so no one, got it.
The best way to understand how Hitler was possible is to read about the rise of Hitler and all of the events that surrounded it, it is not comparing Trump to Hitler.
Here's a couple of Hitler speeches with english subtitles. Fascinating stuff, definetly has some correlaries. https://youtu.be/AnpTWKKWQ1o https://youtu.be/ZrbFBUG_5aw https://youtu.be/DFNUdCtMXWE
Trump's oratory skills are a far cry from Hitler's. When Trump talks I feel disgust and nausea, because of his incoherence. With Hitler it's just disgust. In that regard he's worse than Hitler.
Agreed. Hitler was a powerful, moving speaker, and that was a huge part of his success. Trump doesn't even register on the scale in that regard. This is the point where I disagree most strongly when people compare Trump and Hitler. Speaking ability is a huge part of being a strong leader and based on that alone, there's no chance Trump could ever be as successful as Hitler was.
Wow. Thanks so much for linking these videos, they really capture the message and support he had. Equal parts fascinating and horrifying.
jesus christ the comments on these videos
>Don't be stupid be a smarty, come and join the Nazi Party! comedy gold!
Unfortunately, Youtube comments have been taken over by alt-right extremists. Hillary Clinton's [ad](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCqFCCgU1xk) featuring Capt. Khan's father has more dislikes than likes.
So, like Reddit politics and Liberals? Also, 90% of those comments are trolls.
it's only sarcasm /s
You do realize that "Hitler did nothing wrong" is actually a meme? Are the people on this sub really so utterly out of touch? I suppose when we have post articles comparing cherry-picked Trump's rhetoric, and stuff like calling him "Fascist" idk what I should expect. Guys, think for two seconds, Youtube is not overrun by "crazy alt-right Hitler supporters," it's just a bunch of morons trying to bait and trigger people, and you all keep falling for it.
Just as /r/politics has been taken over by super liberal SJWs. Shit balances out, ya know?
Tbf most of HRC videos have a huge dislike ratio
Which is worrying: Youtube is one of the greatest platforms of the internet, which is browsed daily by millions. If alt-right extremism is common in many comments, it gives an impression of consensus. Which can then easily influence others.
The arrogance implicit in your statement is that you are somehow super smart and unable to be manipulated while the general population are sheep.
You don't need to be super smart to be able to recognise and denounce propaganda. Nor do you need to be "shielded against propaganda". *Everyone* can fail into it, I'm not excluding myself from it. You can think whatever you want from me, and if you think I'm arrogant you are most probably correct, but I fail to see how it is of any relevance to my comment or even the current discussion.
So the comments left by real people underneath a manufactured campaign ad represent "propaganda" but the ad itself does not? Partisanship is incredibly blinding, isn't it?
Did I say anything about the ad itself? *Scrolls up* No, I didn't. I was making a very broad statement upon the global state of Youtube. Indeed, partisanship is blinding as it forces you to see it where it isn't.
Yeah, he didn't say that at all. Read it again and comprehend the words. It's important.
I'm comfortable with my assessment. Thanks.
Then you don't comprehend words and their meanings. You shouldn't be comfortable with that. That's elementary knowledge.
It's amusing to me that you're trying so hard to get to me. Keep at it man! Almost there!
The Alt-right is rising, we have the facts on our side and we're sick of having "multiculturalism" shoved down our throats. Nationalism and white pride are making a comeback!
You know, I can't help but notice that every time nationalism and white pride is used, some ethnically white minority group has to pay the price for it. Weird.
If paying the price means they don't get to immigrate here, so be it.
Hah, when are you going to accept that those people just see through the blatant propaganda and refuse to be manipulated by videos like the captain Khan one.
But they agree to be manipulated by the O'Keefe one. O.k. Makes sense.
YouTube sent me a fucking notification to watch the O'Keefe video a few days back. WTF
yeah i got that too and i really haven't watched many political stuff on there besides the debates.
If it makes you feel any better, I've never felt the need to read a YouTube comment section.
You can safely assume that more than half of the comment section are underage kids, people trolling for the "Lulz", or closet racists who wouldn't dare speak, or act like that if their real name was attached to it. When it comes right down to it I just skip right past the Youtube comment section and my life is a lot better for it.
>You can safely assume that more than half of the comment section are underage kids, people trolling for the "Lulz", or closet racists who wouldn't dare speak, or act like that if their real name was attached to it. Don't forget the sockpuppets and astroturfers.
I personally really enjoy the "Herp Derp" extension, if you're using Firefox. Replaces all Youtube comments with herps and derps, and frankly it's worlds better for it. I mean, FFS, I've stumbled across people writing shit that Der Sturmer would have been too classy to print. On goddamn *cat videos*!
You clearly haven't spent time on any social media if you think they are all kids. Look at any conservative talk show host and their followers and tell me how old they are. We had a fucking 50 year old man tell his listeners to arm their *muskets* if Trump doesn't win. It went viral. Please, age has nothing to do with right wing insanity.
Especially kids.
Wtf are you talking about. Youtube comments are not populated by alt-right extremists, they have and always will be populated by trolls just trying to be dicks.
I like the one who was born in the wrong generation because he couldn't experience Hitler. That one works on many levels.
I would like to see him in April 1945 among other German kids not older than 13 trying to stop T34s and battle hardened Russian soldiers from taking Berlin, I am sure he would love the experience.
This sub is unbelievable. One big circle jerk.
Came from a Jewish paper in Israel, are they unbelievable?
Hahaha that explains a lot!
Are you a meme of some kind?
[deleted]
Haaretz is not a right wing paper.
Who the hell would consider Haaretz right-wing? It gets distributed with the International New York Times, for chrissake.
Nope. Haaretz would be considered left wing by most Israelis and has fiercely crticised many aspects of the Palestinian occupation.
As an Israeli, can confirm.
Why it couldn't be? I wonder how they covered the Palestinian land controversy?
Israel, don't they still have race mixing laws on the book?
Oh, so it MUST be true then!!!!
Oh I forgot the whole world is rigged against emperor trump
If you can't recognize media bias, you might be a liberal.
If everyone who disagrees with you is literally Hitler, you might be a liberal.
trust me when i say the liberals i know see it as well.
People don't seem to understand that Fox News grew to be so popular because a solid half of the population felt like the rest of the media was not representing their side fairly or reporting events that were relevant to issues that were important to them. That's bias. Pure and simple.
[deleted]
I meant you only have to look at the existence and success of Fox News for proof that the rest is biased.
"Jew-S-A" right?
yo, ese?
If they're publishing garbage propaganda, yes. Seriously, it's absolutely reprehensible to compare your political rival to Hitler. It's honestly offensive to the people who were actually victimized by Hitler.
> It's honestly offensive to the people who were actually victimized by Hitler. It's more likely that those victimized by Hitler want articles like this published because they have been there before.
There is hardly anyone still living who was victimized by Hitler. I don't see how Jewish people would be specifically equipped to recognize the "warning signs" any better than any one else.
> There is hardly anyone still living who was victimized by Hitler. Here are the voices of a few of them: > The world has yet to learn the lessons of the Holocaust, says Eva Schloss. By Eva Schloss On 1/27/16 at 9:17 PM >-- > If Donald Trump becomes the next president of the U.S. it would be a complete disaster. I think he is acting like another Hitler by inciting racism. During his U.S. presidential campaign he has suggested the “total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States," as well as pledging to build a wall between the U.S. and Mexico to keep illegal immigrants out. > [Anne Frank's Stepsister: 'Donald Trump Is Acting Like Hitler'](http://europe.newsweek.com/holocaust-memorial-day-anne-frank-refugee-crisis-donald-trump-420312?rm=eu) -- > "The first time I saw (Republican candidate Donald) Trump speak on television, I was shocked," said Eric Blaustein, of Lombard, "not so much because of what he said but the way the crowd responded to him." > "No matter what kind of outrageous things came out of his mouth, the people waved their hands and loudly cheered 'Hurrah!' " he told me, his eyes growing more serious "I have seen that before — in Nazi Germany in 1933." > [Holocaust survivor on Trump: 'I've seen this before — in Nazi Germany'](http://www.chicagotribune.com/suburbs/aurora-beacon-news/opinion/ct-abn-crosby-holocaust-st-1021-20161021-column.html) -- > International Holocaust Remembrance Day is always a somber time for Auschwitz survivor Irene Weiss. But this year’s observance had an additional layer of grief: For the first time, Weiss is worried about her adopted homeland. > “I am exceptionally concerned about demagogues,” the 85-year-old Weiss told me at Wednesday’s commemoration at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum. “They touch me in a place that I remember. I know their influence and, unfortunately, I know how receptive audiences are to demagogues and what it leads to.” > She knows better than just about any person alive. The Czech-born Jew lost her parents and most of her siblings in Hitler’s death camps. Now, when she hears about plans to register Muslims and to ban Muslims from entering the United States, “I’m worried about the tone of this country,” she said. > To Weiss, the ugly political environment in 2016 has an ominous precedent in Weimar Germany. “It has echoes, and maybe more so to me than to native-born Americans,” she said after lighting a candle for Hitler’s victims. “I’m scared. I don’t like the trend. I don’t like how many people are applauding when they hear these demagogues. It can turn.” >-- > “It’s really frightening,” said Al Munzer, hidden as an infant in the Netherlands with a Dutch family and their Muslim nanny. “When you see these mass rallies that Trump is able to attract, you really wonder: How are they buying into this message of hate?” > Munzer, who lost two sisters and his father to the Nazis, said he never thought such things could happen in America, but now he’s not so sure. “Thinking that Germany was somehow unique is wrong,” he said. >-- > At this time of open hostility to Muslims in America, museum staff arranged for Johanna Gerechter Neumann, who fled with her family to Albania after Kristallnacht, to talk about how Muslims protected them from Hitler. Her father, a patriotic German and World War I veteran, “certainly thought that it could never happen in Germany,” she said. “It did happen. Slowly, but it did happen.” >-- > “It is repeating itself, and it is again the inattention that people pay to real cues that one should understand,” said Margit Meissner, almost 94, who fled on foot through the Pyrenees from occupied France. > “It’s not Weimar,” she said, “but it could become Weimar Germany if you have Mr. Trump here and people keep believing what he says. . . . I think one has to speak up. And that’s the one lesson from the Holocaust: Do not be a bystander.” >-- > German Ambassador Peter Wittig gave a moving tribute to Martin Weiss, 87 this week, who survived Auschwitz as a 15-year-old but lost most of his family. Wittig read aloud Weiss’s recollections: “We could also smell flesh burning, and then we saw the chimneys, the big five chimneys with black smoke coming out.” > Now an American presidential candidate has made scapegoats of immigrants, Muslims, Latinos, African Americans, the disabled, women. And for the first time, Martin Weiss hears echoes of his youth. “The guy scares me,” he said after listening to the ambassador’s tribute. “I don’t want to make any comparison to Hitler, but believe it or not his delivery and the way he conducts himself is very similar to Hitler’s way of doing things. He discredits everybody who disagrees with him. He’s insulting. He discriminates against everybody.” > Weiss continued: “Sooner or later, you know what happens in a case like this? That’s how Weimar Germany went to hell, because when Hitler came in, if somebody disagreed with him — guess what — he put them in prison or he had them shot or he opened the concentration camp.” > [In the age of Trump, grim warnings from Holocaust survivors](https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/in-the-age-of-trump-grim-warnings-from-holocaust-survivors/2016/01/27/c65ea38c-c549-11e5-8965-0607e0e265ce_story.html) -- >Was he worried? Did it bring back any memories? Did he think that Trump was in fact borrowing ideas from “Mein Kampf?” > The short answer is “yes.” > “One of the things people used to say about Hitler when he rose to power in the early 1930’s was that he was saying it like it is,” my dad told me over the phone from Tel Aviv. “They thought he was a bit of a clown, with his big speeches and over-the-top showmanship, but they also admired his ability to say what everyone thought, but didn’t dare say out loud.” >[Are Hitler-Trump Comparisons Fair? A Holocaust Survivor Tells His Son](https://www.yahoo.com/news/hitler-trump-comparisons-fair-holocaust-survivor-tells-son-180050792.html) -- [edit: typo] ETA: Cc. u/quadrophenia515
You spent some time compiling that. I read some of it. Is this where I'm supposed to track down a Holocaust survivor that supports Trump and exploit them? I'm sure a few of them exist.
One of the main things that is ridiculous about this "Trump is Hitler" argument is there is no reasonable way someone could seize power like Hitler did against the Veimar Republic. If you are a Holocaust survivor, I admire your struggles and sympathize with your past sufferings, but you are wrong to compare Trump to Hitler.
Fascism?, nah, [it can't happen here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/It_Can%27t_Happen_Here).
In the way it happened in Germany, the chances are so unlikely that this article is disingenuous.
Since when have Democrats given a shit a out victims of tragedy's when they weren't using them for political gain?
It's not unbelievable, it's an oversimplification to the highest degree. Just because they are a Jewish paper does not make them experts on megalomaniacal rulers lmao Comparing Trump to Hitler, a man who *overtly* paraded his hatred of Jews compared with a man who wants to block Muslims and build a wall is asinine. There is no connection. Everytime I see this comparison I cringe, because it is so indicative of someone who has no historical context for what they say. Fascist dictators were diabolical, objectively evil people, and comparing them to Trump is trivializing their tyrannical rule.
I want off Mr Bones wild ride
http://imgur.com/a/8VMWt
>Thanks to Trump, we can better understand how Hitler was possible Let that title sink in for a second. This is what /r/politics has become. The lefts sinking to new levels invoking Godwins law. LMFAO.
The guy who came up with godwin's law says it's [okay to compare actual fascists to hitler,](https://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2015/12/14/sure-call-trump-a-nazi-just-make-sure-you-know-what-youre-talking-about/?utm_term=.24adfe624219) and then immediately cites trump. > The best way to prevent future holocausts, I believe, is not to forbear from Holocaust comparisons; instead, it’s to make sure that those comparisons are meaningful and substantive. This is something a pleasantly surprising percentage of commentators in this political season have managed to do (like[ this piece](http://www.cnn.com/2015/12/09/opinions/bergen-is-trump-fascist/index.html) on Trump by New America and CNN analyst Peter Bergen). And I’m pleased in any season to see more people revisiting the history books. And that was before trump told supporters to assassinate his political opponent and threaten minorities at the polls.
There are valid comparisons to be made between them and the methods they use. Bringing up an observation by some self important asshole doesn't change that.
I suggest reading the article
The article literally starts woth saying Trump isnt Hitler, but then again we cant expect Trump supporters to do basic reading, now can we?
no read, no read, you're a read.
* Trump said he's going to release his tax returns. Doesn't release his tax returns. * Trump said he's raise taxes on the rich, instead gives them the biggest tax cut in history. * Trump said he'd balance the budget; gives us a deficit 40% larger than what we have now. * Trump said says he's going to close the loopholes. Closes one. One that doesn't affect him at all.
Google crooked Hillary's lies.
Hillary is up by two points. When it comes to being investigated by the FBI. Vote for Trump! MAGA
nope, she's up 5 on average.
But emails. /s
More like **EMAILS!!!!**
> Trump said he's raise taxes on the rich, instead gives them the biggest tax cut in history. > Trump said he'd balance the budget; gives us a deficit 40% larger than what we have now. But you realise he hasn't actually given tax cuts or touched the budget yet, right? You're writing like these changes have already been made.
not sure what the hell you're talking about. this is his tax plan. the tax plan the biggest component of the budget.
Yeah I think most people are aware he's not the president yet.
That gets decided November 28th :\^)
I think trumps actions are pretty consistent with his rhetoric. say whatever, do whatever
Also worth noting he created like 4-5 new loopholes which make closing that 1 loophole irrelevant.
Another one of these.. Never change r/politics
This sub has gone to complete shit.
Instantly lose all credibility when you equate a US presidential candidate with Hitler, no mater how small the parallels may be, wether it is Hillary or Donald
Hey man, I totally agree with you, you do lose credibility. That's why the article spends its first sentence immediately dashing any parallels.
There are strong parallels between Trump and Hitler.
Both are white males for one.
There are strong parallels between trump and FDR too
If you think either candidate is a risk to usher in a Hitler-like era in the USA you are on the spectrum
A Trump election is much more likely to usher in a Hitler-like era than a Clinton election.
That's true, Hillary is more like Stalin in any case
Talk about biased... this is something I'd expect to find on r/circlejerk with the title "Trump = Hitler" This is like a political forum for 12 year olds.. Trump is actually starting to look quite refined and knowledgeable compared to some of the rubbish being written and spoken about him here..
Yea you might wanna read the article. You're kinda making a big assumption about its content.
DAE drumpf = literally Hitler?
Read the article
We just let any ol' website on here I see.
> We just let any ol' website on here I see. guess you don't think much of a Jewish newspaper. Trump supporter by any chance?
A biased newspaper
No shit it's biased. This isn't r/objective_journalism_only. So many Trump supporters think the Jews run the media, but when one actually Jewish newspaper says something, it must be dogshit. It really speaks volumes, and it supports the article's point.
i guess wikileaks must be more biased than this then?
Wikileaks isn't a news reporting organization.
hahahahahahhaa nothign to see here, move along comrade
What does that even mean?
It means that just because Wikileaks isn't blaring on your TV 24/7 doesn't mean that they aren't credible. Podesta and Clinton have attested to the validity of the email leaks before starting the "Russia is hacking us" narrative. &nsbp; Before you call me a Trumpshill though, know that I can't vote yet and yes, I listen both to what's on my television and the independent watchdog/leaking organizations. As a general rule of thumb, do your research and don't be picky as to where your news comes from, so long as you know it's valid.
I'm not saying that wikileaks doesn't deserve to be reported, but the conversation was about what this sub allows (news organizations however biased). If Breitbart gets on the front of r/politics reporting on the wikileaks info, I don't bitch and moan. And, assuming that I don't "do my research" while defending alternate media that consistently misinforms people is laughable.
I'm so sick of seeing the word "biased" thrown around whenever an article like this come out. There is a huge difference between reporting and "analysis" - which is what this column is filed under. Every op-ed/analysis piece has an argument or "bias" behind it. Articles like this shouldn't be held to the same standard as reporting. If you're going to criticize it, do so based on the argument, not its "bias."
Oh for fuck sake Hillary literally used brownshirt tactics to insight violence at Trump rallies but it's actually Trump that is more like Hitler? GTFO. Oh wait forgot the sub I was in.
hahahahhahah fuck I love you so much r/politics
Why don't people understand that the people never elected Hitler?
People never elected Trump for anything either.
What were the primaries? Hitler seized power of the German parliament. They aren't analogous at all.
Trump never has been and never will be an elected official.
What does that have to do with the analogy? They, Hitler and Trump, came to prominence in opposite ways.
It's just another thing they have in common. And it's funny.
They elected his party to a strong position which he then used combined with political violence to seize total power. This is the fear people have that trump will attempt.
Not possible. In 1933 Germany passed the enabling act which allowed Hitler to act unilaterally. Trump could never do that, and even if he passed some executive order similar he would never have legitimacy. Sorry, the comparison just doesn't work.
You're missing the point, Hitler only got the enabling acts passed by leveraging his violent supporters. What does Trump have? Near universal support among current right wing militias and plenty of "get my musket" people, which wouldn't be as dangerous if he hadn't already endorsed violence for exactly the purpose of internal political change in the US. Twice. That's why people are concerned.
Dude....the narrative.....
hahahaha y'all salty as fuck
At the very least he shows how so many Americans were okay with locking up anyone with Japanese descent. Did you know Trump has talked about creating a Muslim registry?
Haha heehee. Watching this sub burn down is absolutely hilarious
This subreddit is a joke
Your comment history is a joke.
-10 comment karma also nice username
It will change once the money dries up
nah too late it doesn't deserve another chance
Except democrats employ Hitler tactics like inciting violence in the opposing rallies.
That didn't happen.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IuJGHuIkzY
If you read any of Hitlers speeches, they sound more like Bernie than Trump. I'm not saying Bernie is compreable to Hitler, but you can make as many correlations with bernie/hitler as trump/hitler as hillary/hitler as bush2/hitler and obama/hiter. The one thing they all have in common is they are stupid as fuck
Trump is literally hitler. This sub is such a joke
no joke, no joke, you are a joke.
Woah nice dude
... he was making a dig at Trump "No puppet. No puppet. You're the puppet!"
The article makes pretty clear that it is not saying Trump is literally Hitler. It makes historical comparisons about their rises in popularity.
/r/politics has gone to complete shit
Oh for the love of fuck... We're approaching Chinese / North Korean levels of Clinton propaganda.
Read the article before bashing it. First sentence: Trump not equal Hitler
Try reading before getting triggered.
Lmao this sub 
lol, come on. Don't embarrass yourself like this.
DAE Trump is literally Hitler?
Why is this trash on the front page? Oh wait, its just /r/politics
Jesus. So trumps opponents end the last week of the campaign where it begin. Pulling the hitler card. This exactly why people are becoming desensitized when you throw out this shot baselessly
"they're" not desensitized, they don't care. maybe it's not all that different.
Is this r/politics or r/hatetrump?
That is right he is literally Hitler. Remember when you folks were all about the policy details and facts and stuff? I remember when you people thought you were so reasonable and so much more intelligent than Trump supporters. I guess insults and Godwin's law are all you have left.
We suffer from the blinder of hindsight, knowing all that ended up happening it's almost impossible to put ourselves into the shoes of a person living before he came to power, not knowing anything that would come to pass in the decades ahead. If in 1930 you produced a perfectly accurate description of what the nazis would do in the following 15 years you'd be called an alarmist and a nut, and the people calling you that wouldn't be totally unjustified in the moment. One of the reasons the conservatives acquiesced to allowing the nazis to form a government is because they believed the nazis were outright incompetent, and their ability to run their 'every party is garbage and we are the opposite of everything they are' is because they had never actually had to do any governing before. They thought letting them into power would be the quickest way of discrediting them and making them go away, and even the Catholic Centre and the Social Democrats were sympathetic to this tactic to some extent. What is a bit scary is how much ground Trumpism is getting, despite conditions being pretty good. While conditions were good in Weimar the NSDAP never broke small single digit percents, even the communist party were easily thrashing them in elections. It wasn't until the literal Great Depression hit that the nazis were able to break into the mainstream of political life, and even then the highest they ever scored in a free election was 37%. It a bit terrifying to know that America is one economic crisis, one major terrorist attack away from giving ourselves over to some truely radical far-right politics.
Lol go read trumps policy. He is hardly "far right" hahaha. Dudes been a dem his whole life. He's basically a third party running on the R ticket, even establishment reps hate him lmao
The nazis had a 'left-wing', the whole thing was that ultimately for the vast majority of supporters policy was wholly irrelevant, it was dedication to the leader that mattered.
Trump's policy for every policy is "it's a secret", "I've got people looking into it, " and "it will be the best, believe me."
Are you fucking kidding? If you think that then you are being WILLFULLY blind. I'm voting trump but I have read every word of hillary's policy proposals because I don't have my head in the damn sand you fucking fuck!
Okay, tell me how Trump is going to defeat ISIS.
By putting Hillary in jail Next question...
But if he tells you that will just be telling Isis. Can't believe I need to add /s
Lol read Trump transcripts and tell me that sounds like they are being spoken by someone who is sane.
this comment zone getting brigaded so hard with the vote machines, had to load more comments to get down here to a sane perspective. hey lets see if i can get free upvotes from bots, #MAGA
"Trump is like Hitler" comparisons are just not credible, even with this new twist of, "Oh, he's maybe not exactly like Hitler, but he came to power in the same way." Sry, but no. Any educated and informed person of the history of Hitler mocks these articles and will say how counter-productive they are in actually informing the public of Hitler. There is nothing at all, in any way, similar to how "Hitler was possible" in coming to power in Germany. It's not even closely similar. Stop with these Hitler and Trump comparisons. No one actually buys them and all it does is make people go, "Ya, this just proves even more how full of shit these *journalists* are." It's kind of funny they claim Trump is the fear-monger, when they are fear-mongering themselves that Trump is "Hitler-like." The author of this article and the editor that approved it should be ashamed of themselves.
yea, i quote history and get downvoted to oblivion when i try to point this out. godspeed, fellow not-a-sheep.
I think the comparison between the reliance on false statements is important. I've yet to run across a Trump supporter that's willing to accept the basis of most of his policies are reliant of untruths
i'm on neither side and i regularly see it from both camps. russia being responsible for everything to do with leaks, for example. her supporters are parrots as well. so you can't use that as a comparison, in this case, even if it is true for trump, because it is also true for hillary.
Please show me a fact check from any of the debates that shows Clinton speaking even half as many untruths.
let's not limit it to the debates, ok? like let's start with, for example, there are no classified emails on my server, and work from there, ok?
[deleted]
or an american who doesn't support either candidate, kinda like i said. not trolling. i truly hope people wake up and realize they are supporting a horrible person. both sides apply.
Deflection is obvious.
So that's a "no" then? Nice try moving the goal posts, but I'm still looking for anything showing half as many untruths coming out of Clinton. The biggest comonality between trump and Hitler is how shockingly accepting their followers were/are of the use of incorrect facts as a basis for policy. And FFS, give the email thing a rest. Investigated twice already (once by congressional hearing and once by the FBI) with no charges filed in either case.
No charges. There's the moral line that wasn't crossed, right? Her emails provide more than enough valid reasons to call her a liar. Not going to ignore them like you are
What do you suggest, then? More like Mussolini? More like P.T. Barnum, minus the elephants?
Trump is Trump. There's no perfect historical analogy because history is never exactly alike. We're not in a great depression, we didn't just lose a world war either. Things are fucked up in a way we've mever seem before.
Berlusconi?
This is a stupid comparison. He was a centre-right populist who led coalition governments. He might have talked up problems with Albanians the odd time, but he was centre-right, not far-right like Trump. Far smarter too. Even he is supporting Clinton. Europe is much less radicalised than the US.
Meh..
They've been trying to use the "DAE TRUMP = HITLER LOL" trope for almost a year now. At this point it just looks desperate and pathetic.
If trump is Hitler, why isn't hillary 50 points ahead? What if hillary is actually Hitler?
Because his name isn't Adolf Trump, and fascism takes many forms. It's also populist and looks great from the inside.
Hitler was Hitler and wasn't 50 points behind. The Nazi party had a 20-ish point lead. Reasonable, ordinary people sat down and said "I'm sure he's not really that bad, and he wants to bring back German glory... That sounds kinda nice!" *That* is the situation that is being compared here.
One, because Hilary is the also not liked. And two, that's the whole fucking point. The question that is being asked by the article, and is a academic favorite is "If Hitler was Hitler why did people let Hitler get power?" And the answer is, more or less, well we didn't know/realize he was Hitler, he got a large base of supporters based on a fearful social climate, and by the time people questioned if giving Hitler power was a good idea he was silencing them. Did you have a better facist authoritarian to compare the rise of Trump to? I usually like Mussolini since it avoids this sort of discussion, but of course that's not perfect either.
They aren't comparing Hitler to Trump on a person-to-person basis - the comparison is how someone so obviously unfit to lead a country, a powerful country, is able to actual gain power and followers, and it is a completely valid comparison. Trump lies over and over again, and his supporters pretend it didn't happen or doesn't matter. Trump makes crazy, racist, and dangerous comments, and his supporters pretend it didn't happen or doesn't matter. Trump makes years worth of awful comments and perhaps actions towards women, and his supporters pretend it didn't happen or doesn't matter.
Yes, using the "Trump came to power just like Hitler did, but we aren't saying they are actually similar" is no way intended to draw comparisons to Trump and Hitler... Please. No one buys that.
You should read the article.
You should probably re-read my comment.
no read, no read, you are a read.
Can you go into why the Trump/Hitler comparisons aren't credible? Your original post just kinda seems like a very wordy "nuh-uh"
Still going on this old rant? /r/politics is dead and you all killed it. Enjoy your loss in a week or two. MAGA, you tools.
I think you meant "Make Germany Great Again" Pretty weird that Trump and Hitler shared the same vision
>[Germany](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Rcc7xgD2dM) [Yep that's what I want america to become.](https://www.google.com/search?q=california+protests+burning+flags&tbm=isch&tbo=u&source=univ&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiglrPsiIPQAhVr6oMKHZoFCKcQsAQIQw&biw=1920&bih=981). Clinton is the end of America, and the start of a global organization. You want a real Nazi? Look at George Soros. This guy sold out his Jewish brethren during WWII. He's dumping money into BLM to go act as terrorists for his cause. Trump is definitely not perfect, by any means, but he's a hell of a lot better than that warmonger. I see you're a pot user, based off your participation in /r/trees. Did you know hillary wants to ban Pot all over the US? Is that not enough a reason for you guys to hate her?
She actually wants to make it schedule 2 that would mean it could be used legally for medical purposes. My make germany great comment was a joke because you clearly didn't even read the article you are posting on If you did you'd realize that everything you are arguing is exactly what Hitler and his supporters argued during his rise to power. I would debate you but you came out of the gate immediately with false information so I know we wouldn't get anywhere. I suggest to read the article though so you can avoid making the same arguments as Nazi Supporters did
really? is it false? http://thefreethoughtproject.com/leaked-wall-st-speech-shows-clinton-opposing-pot-legalization-in-all-senses-of-the-word/
Interesting. The leaked speech is from 2 years ago. Do you have one that is more recent? Like while she was campaigning for president? Oh wait you don't? What a surprise.
Read what you linked. She says she's against legalization of pot. Making it schedule two would still mean it is recreationally illegal. So do you have any proof that the discussion you linked was about all forms of Pot or just recreationally legal?
>in all sense of the word just google it you lemming. dozens of articles citing the wikileaks of her PRIVATE OPINION (the one shes going to enforce should she land in office rather than prison). so yes, the wikileaks from her emails provide ample proof and if you refute the leaks that are of HER OWN EMAILS, then you deserve every bit of hell you're trying to put this country through.
It's funny people from /r/the_donald loves to repeat words that other people said to them.
What republican candidate hasn't been Hitler to the left?
I'm not voting Trump, but this is fucking dumb. 10 years ago, Bush was "literally Hitler". These types of comparisons aren't only wrong, they're dangerous and insulting to anyone who knows the atrocities committed in nazi Germany.
Biden said Romney 'wanted to put blacks back in chains'. Yet this sub likes to pretend the left hasnt called every republican canidate racist and wish for a time before trump when republican candidates where 'respected'. This is the way things are every 4 years, the democrat is a commy socialist, and the republican is Hitler.
For a sub that is dedicated to neutral political discussion, there seems to be a lot of leftist material here.
Classy r/politics , real classy. Please also tell me how Trump can teach us how cannibals, baby murderers and wife mutilators are possible. I wanted this sub to fail for a while. I'm glad to see its happening organically.
So, you didn't read but you did comment. And I commend you for your blind faith.
Or did I? "Viewed through the lenses of the current presidential campaign, historical descriptions of Hitler’s appeal to the German masses suddenly seem hauntingly familiar."
And the rest of the article goes on to explain that very well farmed quote.
/r/politics hits a new low. Nothing drives people further away from your candidate like Godwin's Law. We can understand how corrupt dictators get their power in democracies by looking at Clinton's campaign.
Gotta love propaganda !!!
This subreddit sure loves it!
So true. I actually think there is something wrong with people if they think there is a comparison at all. All these articles do is actually downplay how horrible Hitler actually was. I guess that's why they say liberalism is a mental disorder !!
"Everyone I don't like is Hitler! >:("
Please read the article.
So you didn't even read the TITLE let alone the article, which makes no such claims.
Was Hitler's opposition being investigated for corruption and caught rigging elections?
When was Hillary caught? Did Alex Jones psychically read her thoughts and find proof?
Caught rigging elections? LUL
She is literally on tape talking about rigging the Palestine election in 2006.
No, but I heard he had a private email account, so obviously voting for Hitler made sense. They dodged a bullet there, eh?
Hitler's opposition was a generally weak current standing Weimer, and the Communist party.
Not really, actually the rise of Trump has left me with more questions than ever
The answer is human nature.
Think about if trump stayed on message and kept his desire to be a dictator in check until after the election. Thats how you get Hitler or any dictator for that matter Erdogan in turkey is an example
Thank jeebus he has no impulse control, always grabbing them right by the pussy.
1. see a segment of undereducated, disenfranchised people in the populace; 2. identify a scapegoat that can easily be blamed for all said group's problems; 3. vilify scapegoat(s) 4. explain you are only person capable of dealing with said scapegoat 5. that's pretty much it. Also works well for conning suckers out of their money via religion **and every other scam and scheme.* *Edited to add.
So, the democratic party's historic strategy? 1) Find poor blue collar folk. 2-3) Scapegoat the evil corporations and the wealthy. 4) Explain that only you can deal with scapegoat by electing a democrat. Look like the same playbook.
scapegoating isn't just "blaming anyone for anything" you know I do agree that you could level this accusation against someone like Bernie Sanders, but most Democrats (including Clinton) aren't displaying the degree of blind anti-corporatism to merit accusing them of scapegoating.
1) find people in need 2) point out flaws in the system that allows corporations and the wealthy loopholes to reduce the amount of taxes, payments etc. they owe 3) Point out that trickle down economics hasn't worked
1. Find the "good, god-fearing" white folk 2. Identify transgender people, or gay people, or black people, (or the Irish in days of old), etc., 3. Let it be known that the scapegoats are going to rape your children in restrooms, defile your marriage, rape your white women, (uh... eat your potatoes?), etc., 4. Explain that only you can prevent them from using bathrooms, getting married, voting and getting equal rights, etc...
Right! My point was that both sides do it. So to say that Trump = Hitler based on this 'method' is idiotic. I didn't feel the need to argue the Republican side of it, since you already did.
The article isn't trump=hitler though. It's the understanding in a very real first person way. We have seen firsthand the "how" of it all. Many of his followers hate Mexicans and Muslims, yet I would wager less than half have even met a Muslim in person and only about half know of a Mexican they've met in real life.
You have been proven wrong. You must now change your username to "JuatOkayOwl2".
Also the opponent political party nominating a candidate with a federal criminal investigation going on.
The investigation is closed and found no crime. End of discussion.
Apparently Comey thinks differently.
It is sure looking like Comey is either incompetent or a total moron.
Works well with climate change also. Just going to drop this little bomb amongst the Trump is Hitler talk. Donald Trump is a Tree of Life award recipient.
did he just donate money to jnf? I cant find anything he did deserving of the award.
The villain is Globalism. The process by which developed countries shed their good paying jobs to lesser developed countries to enrich the 1%. NAFTA displaced 480K US jobs from good paying industrial positions and the workers were paid 20% less with their replacement McJobs than what they were making before. Globalism also imports cheaper foreign labor to displace domestic labor to again enrich the 1%, for the high end jobs see the 750K foreign H1B workers and you easily break 1M foreign workers in the US on a L1 visa. For the lower end jobs, to again enrich the 1% the US ignored its own immigration rules and brought in millions of illegals from Mexico to decimate the meat packing industry and destroy unionization. The nightmare of Upton Sinclairs the Jungle is now present in the meat packing industry with the unions gone. I'll vote for any candidate willing to take a stand against Globalism, meanwhile Hillary would sell your family into financial slavery if given the right price.
Just look at how we treat Muslims now, and how many republicans (and sadly, many democrats) view American Muslims. There are a billion Muslims in the world and a statistically insignificant number of them commit terrorism. But we demonize the entirety of the religion as a result.
Firstly, youre exaggerating with regards to the treatment of Muslims. Secondly, there are reasons apart from directly being involved in terrorism to criticize Islam in its current forms. Pretending thats the only criticism levied is to make a caricature of any person who doesnt agree with you precisely.
Not true. The US treats it's Muslims very well. Don't believe me ask the Muslims who keep coming here to start a new life. I know it's edgy to decry how horrible a place the US is, but the numbers tell another story.
After 9/11 I had people yelling insults at me, telling me to go back to Afghanistan, and even throwing garbage at me as I walked down the street. I'm half white/mexican and had long hair and a beard and I got treated like shit for vaguely looking middle eastern. You have no idea how many shitheads are out there just waiting for cover to get away with that again.
I was in HS when 9/11 happened and a very good friend of mine was an awesome, incredibly bright and talented young Muslim girl from Bangladesh. Holy shit, the amount of abuse she took was insane, and she didn't even look Arabic or Middle Eastern (not to imply it would have been justified if she had - bigotry is bigotry). She actually had been frequently mistaken for being Hindi prior to everything. The fucking school administration even took her aside and started questioning her on whether or not she knew anything about the attacks ahead of time. Right, because if al-Qaeda was known for anything, it would have been for filling young 13-14 year old Bangladeshi girls in on their plans. I've also seen a lot of abuse leveled at the awesome Sikh gentleman and his family who own and operate a little convenience store a couple blocks over from my job which I regularly stop into to pick up something for lunch. Again, not that it would be justified if these people *were* Muslim or Arabic, but it just galls me that these ignorant assholes can't even properly identify the group of people they hate. It's gotten worse since Trump has essentially empowered these bigots. As far as I know, that shop owner and his family have never harmed anyone, all they do is own and operate a little convenience store. I'm not sure if the owner was born here in the US or not, but it doesn't matter - he's an American citizen, and is being treated like he's less than human because of idiotic bigotry. Nobody deserves this abuse. Again, AFAIK, the man's only "crime" is owning and operating a store while Sikh. Really sweet and friendly man, too, and is always insanely polite, even to the people insulting him. People are *absolutely* using the current political climate as an excuse to openly espouse their terrible beliefs. It seriously pisses me off.
I don't know of any presidential candidates who would openly and publicly say that, say, no Jew should ever be president. But we had that with Muslims! Dr. Ben Carson said he thinks no Muslim should ever be president of US. Can you imagine if he said that about Jews or, say, Catholics? Or hell, lets go with Mormons. Out of 1 billion people, it's impossible one of them is born in the US and would make a good president. Fuck off Dr. Carson.
Meh, there are all kinds of Muslims. I don't personally know any that would make a good president but I know a some I sure would vote for for mayor or town council. I think Ben Carson is wrong but I wouldn't tell him to fuck off. I would say "Ben I think you are wrong on this."
I mean, we have a Muslim member of congress, and if you're a progressive, he's pretty damn cool. If you're more right-wing conservative, I bet there are some Muslims out there you'd find palatable. And the point here is that Carson writes off ALL THE MUSLIMS without knowing them. Can you imagine any major presidential candidate saying that about Judaism or Catholicism?
A religion that has large numbers of followers who believe: -Atheists should be killed exists in 13 states, all Islamic https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Discrimination_against_atheists -If you were raised a Muslim and then you became a different religion or atheist you should be killed. -In a number of countries, a woman stance against rape is useless unless she has 4 separate males to back her up. The number of Western women raped/drugged in the Middle East and then who end up being put in jail and whipped for pressing charges. As it stands, Islam is a regressive religion of slavery and the most dangerous threat to the world as we know it today.
I demonize Christianity, responsible for WAY more death, destruction, and human suffering than any other religion. Maybe even than all other religions.
Yeah because terrorism is the only bad idea in the tenets of the muslim faith.
https://youtu.be/pSPvnFDDQHk https://youtu.be/g7TAAw3oQvg
> There are a billion Muslims in the world and a statistically insignificant number of them commit terrorism. Imagine what would happen if the left did the same thing with gun control that the right does with immigration. >"Hillary Clinton is calling for a total and complete shutdown of white males purchasing firearms until our country's representatives can figure out what is going on.” Ironically enough any time I mention the fact that [12,000 people died from firearm related injuries in 2015](https://www.thetrace.org/2015/12/gun-violence-stats-2015/) I get exactly the argument you're talking about: A statistically insignificant number of gun owners will ever use, misuse, or abuse their 2nd Amendment rights, so the best course of action is no action at all. The reason that a Muslim ban is appealing, while a firearms ban is revolting, is that a Muslim ban won't affect "us." People are much more likely to support an innane law that doesn't affect them, than to support a sane law that they would be subject to. If you don't believe me go and look at how many people opposed seatbelt laws when they were introduced, and how many still do.
It's utter insanity, but many of these people aren't exactly familiar with critical thinking. It's like the hypocrisy of saying part of the issue with muslims is they want to bring Sharia Law to the US, and how our laws shouldn't be guided by their religion. Then they turn around and support laws against gay marriage because their religion says it's bad.
Hitler wasn't that deliberate. He genuinely believed Jews and any un-pure, non-Germans were detrimental to the progress of the country. Trump is just an enormous twat who'll say anything; a pathological liar and a sociopath.
I think that Trump probably does genuinely believe that the USA would be better off if the blacks and Mexicans and Chinese and etc etc etc were deported. Guy's been a racist douchebag for decades.
He'd need some double think for that, given how many of them he employs.
> Also works well for conning suckers out of their money via religion. While I agree, it's not *solely* the domain of religion. Those steps are pretty much the basis for any large scale scam. Investment schemes like Ponzi schemes work the same way by vilifying actual investment experts and positioning the conman as the only one who *really* understands the market and who can protect your investment and produce unprecedented returns. Quack medicines work the same way by vilifying mainstream medical treatments and convincing desperate (and perhaps gullible) people that the conman has the *real* cure to what ails them.
Absolutely. Thought that as well, but decided to end the sentence. Will edit.
> Also works well for conning suckers out of their money via religion *and every other scam and scheme. One of the most interesting topics to read up on these days is "The Authoritarian Personality". A theory developed post WW2 to explain why some people seek authoritarian leaders in politics, faith, etc.
Saying mean, insensitive and cruel things = the industrialization of genocide .......seems balanced .
Hitler initially wanted to deport all the jews while blaming them for all that was wrong in the country. Trump constantly talks about banning muslims and immigrants in a similar way. People don't seem to get that Hitler wasn't advocating genocide at first.
The Jews didn't have people strapping explosives to themselves to display fildelty to their religious beliefs all over the world either. It's a ridiculous comparison and minimizes that ferocity of the nazi regime.
There are 1.6 billion muslims all over the world, and to paint all of them with the same brush because how some people have interpreted their religious beliefs is ridiculous. You don't think Trump talking about banning muslims, creating a database, and making them wear badges to indicate their religion isn't comparable? Discriminating against people based on their religion and blaming them for everything within a country is wrong no matter who is doing it.
It's not comparable, at all. Violence is pervasive in most Islamic countries. Women, homosexuals, non believers and the mentally ill are brutalized and treated as subhuman. To scrutinize people from these parts of the world is not discrimation its applying sense and probability. Hitler wanted to exterminate Jews, both citizens and non alike. The comparison between Hitler and Trump is laughable.
Not all islamic countries are like that, and many countries are changing as religion grows less powerful in government. Christians used be like that when following their old testament, but have changed for the most part, even if many of them are still hold on to homophobia and misogyny. Most christians do not follow the old testament, and many muslims choose to interpret their holy book in a different way, regardless of what people in power do.To act as if every muslim is an aggressor or someone who has passed such laws is just a lack of nuance applied to entire groups of people. Would it only be comparable if people talked of extermination, while any other forms of discrimination that feeds into that mindset is negligible? Trump checks many of the requirements of a textbook fascist. He's has similarities to Hitler because nazism is a type of fascism, and he garnered support with similar rhetoric, but is much more like Mussolini.
The last 20 times the West has had religiously motivated violence waged within its borders followers of Islam were responsible. Cite the crusades all you want, vetting refugees is a common sense initiative. Edit spelling
/r/politics Fair and [REDACTED]
The desperation on this sub is so disgusting. You call for "civil discussion" and yet you lead off with total nonsense like that. You miserable, self-deluded bunch of deadbeats are going to fail in 9 days, and the salt from your tears is going to taste delicious.
I'll bet you any amount of money you can find around your trailer park that trump will lose.
Is that blatant prejudice from a loving and open-minded liberal? Shocking!
So you wanna make the bet or are you gonna spout random bullshit to dodge like Trump?
More presumptions and hateful barbs from a liberal who'd fight to the death for my right to say what I want to say? I'm blown away.
Lol, it's hilarious how Trump and his supporters try to duck and dodge situations where it gets real. If you're so positive Trump is going to win then put your money where your mouth is.
Nice try, but you're going to have to get a real job after November 8th. Welfare state is over.
Hahahaha says a lot that even his moronic the_donald supporters don't even believe in him enough to place a bet.
It says a lot that I'm not going to bet with some stranger online who I have no way of knowing who you are or what you want? Dude. I don't want to KNOW you. You're a professional parasite. You think I want to have an extended interaction with you where money's involved?
Right, I'm sure it has nothing to do with that fact that Trump is getting fucking destroyed and even clowns like you know in the back of your mind he has zero chance. All you can do is spout bullshit on Reddit but when it comes down to it, not even you're stupid enough to bet money on that joke of a candidate.
If you're saying Hillary is going to lose, that's very unlikely at this point.
Nate Bronze? Is that you?
The Dems have gone into full out, *"Le Drumpf is literally Hitler!"* mode! Ahh, can you feel it yet? You're feeling it aren't you? The walls of the bubble are cracking all around you.
Have you attempted to read the article?
This sub is just fucking sad, the most bi-partisan news I have seen on both candidates came from when my little brother was watching Nickelodeon. FFS NICKELODEON had the the FAIREST and UNBIASED INFO on each candidate. If you want to know what the real fucking joke is, take a look at the anti-trump propaganda
¡Ay no mames /r/politics!
Hitler's rise to power is an important study (sorry, Godwin's law notwithstanding). I think the Trump phenomenon shows how every society has a group of people highly susceptible to fascism/authoritarianism. The German people had more real economic problems. Their propaganda convinced them that the Jews were the cause of that. Our people seem have more absurd and sheer volume of propaganda resources - one can easily restrict their information sources to only the alt-right crazies on the Internet. They are very, very concerned about losing white privilege. So why am I, a white male, not concerned about losing white privilege? Why am I not so fearful of people of other cultures and races? Much of it probably has to do with upbringing, and maybe even a little DNA (hopefully more upbringing than genetics). I just don't have that kind of fear within me. I like variety. I have empathy.
ITT: Triggered.
I'm sick of people saying Trump is like Hitler. Trump *is* Hitler.
A lesson I'd rather not have experienced in this election.
And thanks to Hillary, we can better understand how the corrupt Qing Dynasty remained in power for almost 300 years.
The Qing Dynasty came to power through conquest and remained in power by adopting the political infrastructure of China. Your comparison makes no sense. And...You didn't read the article.
All these comments saying "Trump isn't Hitler" and "wow r/pol" actually reinforce this article. I feel like so many people saw the words Trump and Hitler in the same title and assumed it was a comparison. I can't decide if it's just a bunch of paid Trump spammers, or actual supports that are too easily swayed by "simple, straightforward language that ordinary people could understand, short sentences, powerful emotive slogans" (in case you are confused, that's a line from the article that you didn't read).
I love how we're having a discussion about how someone we don't like "is exactly like Hitler." It really doesn't matter if it's Trump or not, most of you are going to say X, Y, and Z are exactly like Hitler any time you disagree. And you can make similar comparisons between Hitler and pretty much anyone if you stretch the imagination a little. **Edit:** Since this comment has draw a bit of attention, I do want to state that I don't like Trump. My whole point in leaving this comment is that the strategy of comparing things to Hitler is really tiresome and overused, and it really doesn't take much effort to do so. If we want to attack Trump, let's get specific. Let's get deep into the conversation and say things like, "You know, I thought racial disparity in America was actually going away, but this candidate has drawn our demons to the surface and it's really highlighting the areas of our societal growth that we're weak in." All you're doing when you compare things to Hitler is fear-mongering, and it makes me angry and actually makes me dislike Trump a little less, because it forces me to think something along the lines of, "No, Trump is not Hitler. Trump is at least a little better than Hitler." Maybe you can take my perspective as that of a "Bernie Bro," as I'm someone who voted Bernie in the primaries but will be abstaining in the generals. I don't want to forgive the only other candidate I have for her wrongdoings just because the GOP guy is an incredible loudmouth. Sure, if you forced me to pick, I'd say Hillary is the lesser of two evils, but this whole classified email scandal, and her paying off the DNC, and her taking payouts from Wall Street are all so subversive, they don't really strike me as any less facist than most of the things Trump has said. Trump's evils are simply louder. I can't bring myself to vote for the parts of the establishment I think have failed just because the GOP guy is a New York/Redneck crossbreed.
Well the difference here is that the current similarities are well-supported and logical. Read the link, it's a solid argument
>you can make similar comparisons between Hitler and pretty much anyone if you stretch the imagination a little. Honestly, the parallels people are drawing between Trump and Hitler are laughable. He lied to the press, so he's Hitler? I'm sorry? Did our country just lose a world war, economically damning it for a decade, sending us into irrecoverable hyper-inflation? Is Donald a war vet with PTSD who's prescribed heavy drugs? Do you honestly think Donald Trump is going to burn down our senate building and murder all of his political opponents if elected? Come on. You're hysterical, and this article is silly. *"LUGENSPRESSE! LUGENSPRESSE! LUGENSPRESSE!"*
No one, including the article, is implying any of the things you just said. People (out there in the general public and media) have been comparing Trump to Hitler - this article assesses those comparisons, the reasons for them and different angles of this issue. Are the comparisons valid in any way? Some ways? >And please spare me your “how dare you compare” indignation, if you are so inclined. I do not claim that America is Nazi Germany, that Trump is Hitler or that another Holocaust is just around the corner.
"I'm just saying Trump is extremely similar to Hitler, I'm not saying he is Hitler."
Well, they're not meaningless. This election has a lot of angles and talking points, and this article touches on some of them, while specifically stating that *comparing* two people is only that: a comparison of how the two are different and similar. But that would require sensitivity and thoughtfulness to process, so I guess that's up to you.
You could compare Trump to a lot of nasty things or people, only someone without much understanding of the political process and no care about how hysterical their comparison sounds goes right to Hitler.
Article doesn't say that Trump is exactly like Hitler. Heres the literal first line of the article: "America isn't Nazi Germany and Trump isn't the Führer." Read before you judge eh?
"exactly like" does not equal "is"
No one in modern reference is "exactly like Hitler'" but we see many of the same speech patterns used by Trump that Adolf used before he rose to power, I.e. the demonizing of entire races: Mexicans and Muslims, vs Adolfs disdain for the Jews, gypsies etc. Donald has hardly anything good to say about the country, often citing a time when things were "much better" and as we all know, the further back we go, the only thing "better" were the privileges afforded by whites. Donald isn't Hitler. No one is. But we are fools to think we as a country can't fall victim to the same blind enamour that Germany did with Adolf.
So racism and scapegoats were Hitler's inventions? Huh. I guess Donald is just like Hitler. A Republican wants to "go back to the good ol' days?" Never heard that before. How Hitler-esque.
[deleted]
what race is he discriminating against?
[deleted]
First of all, that's simply untrue, second of all, platforms as racist as his were commonplace not too long ago, some even still cling around today. He seems like a pretty typical RNC candidate to me, despite minor Republican outcry against him. Got a source for those "most racist platform in modern history" claims?
Right because Trump thought we should mark Muslims and keep and eye on them and Hitler thought they should mark Jews. Big difference.
So you think Trump is going to start killing them if he's elected? Because "marking people" wasn't really the main issue of the holocaust, it was kind of what followed that.
Yeah because there was nothing wrong with what Hitler did before the mass executions began /s
[deleted]
The last mass deportation happened in the 1930's, and was done to about 2 million Mexicans. But calls for deportation is common in the GOP, even if nothing ever comes from them. It wasn't even illegal to hire undocumented immigrants to work for you until 1986, so in a way this is kind of a newer issue. I don't see the calls for deportation being based on religion as any different than them being based on race. Let's not pretend "building a wall" is Trump's idea, it's a long-desired GOP issue, and he simply latched onto it to garner support.
[deleted]
> rounding up all the illegal Mexicans at once and building an absurd, massive wall across the entire southern border are not things GOP leadership have actually advocated for It is, on numerous occasions. Not sure what political issues you've been paying attention to, but they aren't GOP ones. Most of the GOP candidates in the 2012 election alone mentioned it as part of their campaigns. Ted Cruz, a pretty run-of-the-mill GOP guy, is a great example. One of his key points in the 2012 race was building a wall. In fact, one of the main reasons Rick Perry fell out of the 2012 race was his refusal to endorse a border wall. All the other GOP candidates ganged up on him for it. Trump definitely wasn't the only 2016 GOP candidate to want to build a wall either, he just promised the biggest fanciest one.
Oh look they're calling Trump Hitler again. 
Impossible. Hitler hated the Russians... now I'm so confused
Ah yis, the ol hitler rhetoric.
Fastest way to tune people out? Compare someone who's not waging world War and putting people in ovens to Hitler.
Yeah, because that's the platform Hitler ran on. Just read the goddamned article.
Right, because Hitler was definitely doing those things before he took major power in Germany.
As a Jewish American, I am appalled. Truly appalled. I grew up under Ronald Reagan, and loved this country. But now?? Let's me be perfectly clear, there is nothing about Trump that has anything to do with someone as evil as Hitler. Please. Stop. Six million souls are asking you to stop these awful comparisons. Clinton on the other hand, is no friend to women, hates the middle class, is the very definition of corrupt, and will do anything to win. Move outside the echo chamber of this channel, and look for yourself. Every single post in this channel is for Clinton. Maybe you should consider this Wiki about the "Correct the Record" PAC. https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Correct_the_Record 99% chance this post is deleted.
Exactly, you jews have to quit exaggerating shit, even about the holocaust.
Read the article. The Nazis competed in elections; Hitler gave a lot of speeches in those years competing for the vote, and he used similar themes to what Trump is using. >The contrast of Germany’s strength in a glorious past with its current weakness and national humiliation – a sick state in the hands of traitors and cowards who had betrayed the Fatherland to its powerful enemies...a cheating and corrupt government and party system presiding over economic misery, social division, political conflict and ethical collapse. That's pretty much Trump's campaign.
Trump plan raises taxes on the middle class. Gives massive cuts to the rich.
> Clinton on the other hand, is no friend to women, hates the middle class, is the very definition of corrupt, and will do anything to win. Move outside the echo chamber of this channel, and look for yourself. Saying "on the other hand" implies that Trump isn't those things when his actions very much prove he is and more.
This is the worst clickbait meme of the election tbh. It doesn't even hold any weight because it is used every election against every republican and now suddenly *this* is the time it is "super cereally true". I'm certainly no republican (or democrat for that matter), but the fact that this level of discourse happens daily on what should be a somewhat neutral subreddit for the intelligent sharing of ideas reminds me of why r/politics is no longer a default sub.
You guys are so pathetically desperate lol
Oh please. OP just stop you are embarrassing yourself. The over the top vitriol in this campaign is going to make governing the country impossible once the election is over. The country is divided about 50/50 so whoever wins is going to need the help of the other side to run the country.
Oh hey look, it's this tired shtick again!
Stronger together! Or something
 this subreddit 
Get used to saying President Trump
Bookies have already started paying out bets against Trump. Nate Silver has Hillary at an 80% likelihood of winning. Unless she croaks in the next several days there is no path for Trump to become president.
80% is nothing close to a sure thing. If someone gave you a five chambered revolver with one bullet in it to play roulette with, you wouldn't say there is no path for the bullet to find your brain.
If you were running for office would you want an 80% chance or a 20% chance? I trust Nate SIlver. His numbers are good, accurate and he's called the last several elections within a very small margin of error. He could be wrong, but being right has gotten him to where he is today (96% success rate). If I could inspect the revolver and see what where the bullet is I would most certainly play roulette. Get a better analogy.
He's unquestionably right, within a small margin of error. I'm just saying--as he says every chance he gets--that an 80% chance of winning is not a sure thing. That's just fundamentally not how probability works. That Russian roulette metaphor is his. He uses it repeatedly.
This has just been grinding my gears. Do you not realize that you're being exactly like the "other side" here? I've been a Trump hater for decades and a Clinton supporter (which you can confirm from my comments if you'd like) since at least her days as FLOTUS, and when I brought your attention to your tenuous grasp of mathematics, you instantly decided I was your enemy. So jarring is your disconnect from reality that you demonized Nate Silver's roulette analogy, not from a place of well reasoned, factually-based disagreement, but from a place of unthinking, irrational, blind ignorance. You know, Nate Silver, the very guy whose extremely well informed dissection of reality you're rallying behind! Don't you see that the only thing separating you from a Trump supporter is that you just happen to be on the right side? You're putting no more thought into your opinions than they are. In this moment, you're a living example of *there but for the grace go I.*
I'm here for entertainment. Thanks for the touching message.
We'll see soon enough won't we
We can already see through the usage of statistics and math.
That sentence arouses me
It just rolls off the asshole.
Hahaha!! That was funny. *Sniff*
You're not nervous
Nervous! Why would I be nervous?
Another edition of the liberal narrative "everyone I don't like is literally Hitler." Hillary's campaign is more Hitleresque if you really want to make the comparison. 1st, her paying people to cause violence is similar to Hitler's Brown Shirts going around causing violence to their opposition. Then you have the complete control of almost all the media. Google, Twitter and Facebook, even Reddit, censoring anything pro Trump. Total state run media propaganda machine. And why does Trump constantly get accused of fear mongering and not Clinton? She's the one always talking about nuclear war. But she's the one trying to start World War 3 with Russia. All while she's got our military at war in several other countries. She's got everyone believing the world might end if Trump gets in, but that's not fear mongering? Please. Especially when the world literally could end if she's elected because we will be at war with a nuclear power. Another great thread by this Hillary sub disguising itself as a political board.
Citations needed on everything you just said. I'll be particularly impressed to see you back up the brown shirts and state controlled media.
It's proven that the violence at Trump rallies was paid agitators for the DNC. Or look at the homeless woman who was attacked for guarding Trump's Hollywood star. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ilIX_cz3HIQ If you can defend that, you got problems. Do I really need citations on the internet censoring in favor of Clinton? It's rampant right here on Reddit. Go check Twitter right now and see if the Hillary FBI investigation is trending. (It's Not) Even though it's the most talked about thing in the world pretty much. I don't do Facebook, but I guarantee your Facebook news feed is all pro Hillary slant. Bottom line is, a lot of people don't like that Trump isn't "politically correct" so that makes him Hitler somehow. We've seen this a million times before and it's become a serious Boy Who Cried Wolf scenario a long time ago. Just because you don't like a guy not being PC, doesn't make him Hitler. I'm not saying Hillary is Hitler either, but if you want to make the comparison, it's more fitting with her and her campaign.
>It's proven that the violence at Trump rallies was paid agitators for the DNC. Citation needed. >Or look at the homeless woman who was attacked for guarding Trump's Hollywood star. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ilIX_cz3HIQ If you can defend that, you got problems. How does this prove that Hillary's campaign is paying for brown shirts? >Do I really need citations on the internet censoring in favor of Clinton? It's rampant right here on Reddit. Go check Twitter right now and see if the Hillary FBI investigation is trending. (It's Not) Even though it's the most talked about thing in the world pretty much. I don't do Facebook, but I guarantee your Facebook news feed is all pro Hillary slant. That's not what you said. What you said is "Total state run media propaganda machine", which is a completely different thing than a liberal leaning media. Can you back up that claim? Edit: I just remembered, only a couple of days ago I saw Trump say at a rally that people should be getting their news from the internet and not other media sources. Which is it, is the internet rigged or not?
https://twitter.com/JamesOKeefeIII/status/788057025662095364?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw This guy was part of a Hillary PAC. He has been fired since and has dropped off the face of the earth. But I'm sure you'll just say he selectively edited that or something. Just go to youtube and search project veritas. I'm not going to post all the videos. Foval goes on to explain exactly how they're coordinated with the DNC and Creamer says he has a call with the Hillary campaign every day at like 10am. I'm sure that's not good enough for you though. You'll just keep demanding never ending proof so I'm done here. It's all out there for you. Just take the blinders off.
Let me get this straight. You are railing against Clinton running the media with her money and connections, yet you post a video by James O'Keefe/Project Veritas as evidence, who we know for a fact was paid through Trump's charity?
O'Keefe is just a small time journalist. I'm talking about CNN, MSNBC, ABC, NBC, Twitter, Facebook, Reddit. Huge outlets. Check Wikileaks. There's a huge list of people who work for these outlets giving Clinton debate questions before the debate, submitting their articles for approval, admitting they are hacks, donating to Clinton, being on the VIP list at her events. It goes on and on. Are they paid, or are they doing it to be looked upon more favorably so they get promotions and whatnot? Or both? You can demand I post the proof all you want. It would take me all day to dig up all those emails and articles and youtube videos where CNN mysteriously always cuts the feed when their guests say something bad about Clinton. You guys always have some semantic argument to dismiss everything. Most people are seeing what's going on though. The tide has turned.
O'Keefe is not a journalist he's a fraud. And a convicted one at that.
Ok. Dispute the content of the recent videos. O'Keefe isn't using CGI to make people paid by the DNC admit to doing those things. And they're on video doing what they said they would do. Your argument is right out of the Clinton playbook. Don't dispute the evidence, try and attack the source instead. I'm actually surprised you didn't say O'Keefe is a Russian Spy. Kudos for that.
No. I'll make my judgements based on the full unedited footage and every second O'Keefe withholds it the argument that his video is deceptive becomes that much stronger.
>Check Wikileaks. Yeah, that tells me all I need to know. You can't back any of this shit up. Prove me wrong.
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CoG0Q_oXEAAJlgV.jpg http://www.realclearpolitics.com/2016/07/27/wikileaks_reveals_media039s_collusion_with_dems_387965.html#! http://www.investors.com/politics/columnists/brent-bozell-wikileaks-reveals-media-collusion/ http://www.bing.com/news/search?q=Wikileaks+Media+Collusion&qpvt=wikileaks+media+collusion&FORM=EWRE http://thefreethoughtproject.com/report-exposes-inner-workings-facebook-clinton-loyalists-control-newsfeed/ http://www.smobserved.com/story/2016/10/30/news/did-facebook-bury-breaking-news-from-fbi-about-clinton-investigation/2183.html http://thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/media/303295-how-facebook-twitter-are-systematically-silencing-conservative http://www.wsj.com/articles/facebook-and-free-speech-1477331276?mod=trending_now_3 I can go all day with the media slant for Clinton. They are so in the tank for her. If you dispute it, you just have blinders on.
https://i.reddituploads.com/1fd6ae35b71d457aa8d4101c39a55649?fit=max&h=1536&w=1536&s=a27d2ef3ad25352bc3302860aeb44c43
To the guy who deleted his post before I could respond about the media bias. I can post shit all day and you'll keep saying it's not enough. Your burden of proof for Hillary is so high but if some random woman comes out and says Trump looked at her breasts 20 years ago, then I'm sure that's good enough proof right? I don't have time to school you on all the shit coming out on a daily basis proving the media is biased for Hillary. How about Chris Cuomo from CNN telling us it's illegal to look at Wikileaks unless we get the info from him.(It's not) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7DcATG9Qy_A Here's CNN admitting it themselves... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qc3EI1xD_Cw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IdYRN8Clddw Here's Anderson Cooper lying through his teeth to silence anti Hillary stuff. They did report on it. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MkfTciQ_pS0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbg5xPWDq5A Please don't bother responding if that's not enough. I'm sure you think those videos are selectively edited by Russia or some nonsense.
And why is a gay pro Trump person banned from Twitter? Because the female Ghostbuster didn't like his review of her terrible movie. They don't even ban ISIS supporters who openly said the gays who were slaughtered in Orlando got what they deserved. You can literally spew the worst hate speech in the world as long as you're Muslim, but you can't be a gay man who is anti Hillary on Twitter. explain that.
Twitter is a private company who made a decision based on the level of public outcry to ban a user. Explain your evidence that the government is directly involved in this.
Back when this subreddit wasn't a Hillary propaganda machine I thought I'd never vote for trump. But seeing her complete control over every facet of the media makes me want to vote for trump.
I have voted democrat my whole life since 2000. I'm so sick of them just calling everyone racist or Hitler. And all the PC nonsense going on was what made me go Trump. When Iran took those sailors captive, and Obama and John Kerry apologized to Iran, there was no going back for me. Our President commands no respect from our adversaries. It's shameful.
Yes I 100% agree. The thing that scares me about Hillary and her supporters are their incapability to understand a different perspective. You may not agree with someone's views but you should take the time to understand them. And if you can't then you have no business being a leader.
Hillary has spent more money on becoming POTUS than anyone in history and this is the best liberals can do? Be ashamed, liberals.
I notice you keep ranting on about liberals, yet show admiration for Hitchens, a self-declared leftist until he died.
Loved Hitch. And he knew Hillary was the biggest scumbag in politics back in the day.
Yet you express disdain for "liberals" (and in the context you're using, you inevitably mean "leftists", which Hitchens was). What do you think the Hitch would have thought of Pence?
Curious that you call out only Pence when Hillary and Kaine both had the same views. You know who has always supported the LTGB? Trump. I also say "liberals" because I used to be a Democrat. Voted for obama and everything. But fuck scumbag Hillary. I'm voting for Trump.
Same views on what? Gay marriage? I'm not even thinking about gay marriage when I refer to Pence. In any case, you haven't explained why you throw scorn against "liberals" when Hitchens was a lifelong leftist.
Trump doesn't receive as much money as Hillary only because he is a piece of shit who no thinking donor would want to be associated with. Have you ever thought of that or do you just live in a box? She could receive a trillion dollars from donors, and what would it change? You aren't even making sense.
What does Hillary spending money have to do with an independent article critical of Trump? Why should liberals be ashamed of this? What makes you think this was their best?
It's the best counterargument he's got, if you can call it that. Sad really...
Low-energy
You know Hillary didn't personally pay for this article right?
She paid for the upvoters in this sub.
Ya, trump is hitler u guyz
You didn't even read the article. It actually makes some really solid comparisons between how Hitler rose to power and How Trump is trying to Some things are word for word exactly what Hitler was doing
#HITLER WAS NEVER DEMOCRATICALLY ELECTED. IN FACT, HITLER LOST BY A LANDSLIDE. This sub is a complete joke.
... I'm not sure you're aware how parliamentary democracies work. They elected his party to power, democratically. He in turn used that power combined with political violence and back room dealing to seize total power.
No but the NSDAP were making headway, skyrocketing in local elections which ensured when Hitler did seize power it would seem somewhat legitimate.
God the salt when he wins next week is going to be insane.
If he wins, this is going to be saltier than Chef's balls. And we're all going down in flames if that happens. It astounds me the number of people that think a man who has made a life for himself stepping on the backs of others, a name for himself by overpromising and ~~under~~never-delivering, and a historical choker - is somehow going to magically be the solution. A man with no will to prepare, no will to learn or understand - yet people think he's going to be great for America? He's the epitome of everything that's wrong with this place. Regardless of Trump's poor decision-making, nobody even discusses his lack of policy. We might get some gold facade around the country while we collapse into crushing debt, but he'll be fine.
Lol, no policy. Good troll.
I apologize, that was a poor response. The truth is that Donald Trump has laid out a consistent policy of America first. Hes for energy independence, trade deals weighted in our favor, and law and order. I have no idea what policy Clinton has beyond "More Obama globalism" because I haven't bothered to look at whatever statements she's made, if any, because as she said herself, she has a private position and a public one. The truth of the matter is I don't know how anyone can think that electing someone who is promising more of the same failed policies the previous two administrations pushed is going to get anything done. Especially someone who is, once again, being investigated for mishandling classified information. If
Ah yes, sorry, I should clarify : Lack of *viable* policy. I'm sure many disagree, and that's fine. We'll all see what happens at the same time
Up vote for reasonable difference of opinion.
This has been a seriously eye-opening election that really caught me off guard. A lot of my fieldwork and research involves substate violence and state decay, so I should have known better. Working in weak, violence-prone states is hard as hell, and it was really comforting to assume that America's modern democracy and institutions could never be eroded like this. No one so transparently awful could possibly get this close to the Oval Office, not here. This is my home, and despite its flaws I still think the world of it. This election has cemented what I should have learned skimming all those articles in grad school: as a country, we're only about as decent as the world allows us to be. We're not any more inherently peaceful or democratic than anyone else, it's just our institutions and trust keeping us in check. These are so incredibly fragile, and they're worth fighting for. (also, can anyone imagine how dank the Third Reich would have been if they'd had access to memes?)
Is this seriously a fucking post? Jesus...
I thought that Hitler actually had good speeches...
Hitler was a helluva orator. Trump isn't but his message calls to the lowest common denominator in the largest numbers. If you look back, Hitler built a belief that the issues faced were not necessarily through the fault of the German people but from external subversive influences. This called up the hatred of everyone and everything not German.
This fucking sub holy shit
this sub is a joke i cant believe the bullshit articles people upvote
Every upvote this got is a testament to this subs collective idiocy.
Fuck this article and fuck this unbelievably one sided sub masquerading as a forum for actual political news and discussion. I don't love trump or think he's an awesome candidate by any means, but this is just absurd.
This whole sub has it's nose so far up Hillary's ass. Can't wait for the salt explosion Nov. 9th. Then again you will all be jobless at that point hahahaha. HILLARY IS TOAST
OMG LIKE, LITERALLY HITLER! ^/s Piss off with this garbage.
Normally I'd call godwins law here, but the sentiment is accurate. We are seeing first hand how nationalisim can be twisted with fear and hate into a cult of personality. The nazis painted themselves as the true patriots who were under attack. They played the victim and savior as well. And viewed opposition as corrupt and threatening. This enabled them to excuse a great deal of their own ideas of forceful takeover. It justified criminality to combat percieved criminality. I think we are seeing that aspect emerging right now. The nazis also responded with accusations when questioned or critisized as well. Its hard to deny there are parallels. But honestly, I think hitler was much smarter than trump. Its why trump wont suceed.
You could make the similar comparisons to the left. Firebombing, for example, is justifiable criminality. Replace Muslim extremists or illegal aliens with Wall St bankers, the rich, etc. and I don't think the hate and range on either side is that different. Look at how Hillary uses bogus wage gap stats to promote divisivness. Look at how the left in general excels at framing legitimate policy disputes around race, sex, class even when totally inappropriate to do so. They mastered the art of promoting the idea of victimhood long before Trump and the alt right, and of course also pose as the solution.
Slightly, but the right is definitely a better comparison, and I don't think 1 firebombing Justified saying fire bombings are a part of the equation, and the firebombing of Trump's campaign office is eerily similar to firebombings perpetrated by right-wing activists to stir up anti-immigrant sentiment and Eastern Europe. My main comparison was the use of nationalism to manipulate emotions by using scapegoats. if you replace the word Jew with liberal in a Hitler speech you get pretty much any right-wing modern post. I have personally done this and gotten Thundurus online Applause from the Alt right.
You can replace Trump with Hitler or Republican with Nazi and get pretty much the same response in more mainstream left leaning forums. The suggestion that such comparisons are more of an intellectual exercise - not an emotional one- when practiced by the left is laughable. The firebombing is one example of left leaning hate fueled aggression. I'd lump a lot of the recent racial / police driven violence / destruction in the same category, and have seen plenty of justification arguments in Reddit forums.
How do you know it was people on the left who firebombed? During this election trump has said far more aggressive things about the RNC than three Democrats have.
> I think hitler was much smarter than trump. Don't forget that Hitler lived in a time where not every little utterance and every little detail was broadcasted over the Internet. Most of what we know about Hitler comes from carefully orchestrated performances. Would Hitler have tweeted insults at beauty queens at 3 a.m. in the morning? We obviously don't know, but maybe the only reason he didn't is because the media were so much simpler and smaller back then.
Trump referred to Mexicans as speaking "Mexican", and his "The Cyber" and "The Nuclear" rambling rants are so illiterate I cannot fathom anything Hitler, who was well-read on geopolitics and culture, ever saying.
My layman's diagnosis is that Trump suffers from severe [ADHD](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Attention_deficit_hyperactivity_disorder#Signs_and_symptoms). Speech impairments and learning impairments seem to be rather frequent side effects of ADHD. Hitler had no such problems as far as I know. That's where the similarities end, I guess.
Considering he was a raging speed freak it is probably likely that he would have
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! You losers are so pathetic lol
Non-relevant user name!
I can always tell the level of desperation in someone when they resort to attacking my username. Calm down, Trump is gonna be a great president.
Keep saying ANYONE you disagree with is Hitler. It's worked so well already... Idiots like this are literally why Trump is doing so well 
oohh bullshit. this sub is total cancer.
This whole Hitler angle is crazy and unfounded.
this is so idiotic. Reducto ad Hitlarium.
Not really. Took the Germans a hell of a lot more suffering, two massive economic collapses, hyper inflation and embarrassment of losing two world wars. Also a hyper competent at movement building (if nothing else) Nazi leadership. That gave them a peak level support near Trump's floor. If Usa faced what the Germans did, you'd probably have at least 70% voting fascist, probably at least a third of the same people getting sent to the camps voting fascist as well.
This is terrible lazy brained propoganda. They should be ashamed for writing it.
Goddamn y'all are hilarious. Just when you think this sub couldn't get any more crazy.
Wait did Hitler also run a campaign against someone so corrupt people thought he was the lesser evil?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/German_presidential_election,_1932 >Incumbent President Paul von Hindenburg was 84 years old and in poor health. Never enthusiastic about the presidency (or public office in general), Hindenburg had planned to stand down after his first term. However, the prospect of Adolf Hitler being elected President of Germany persuaded the reluctant incumbent to seek a second term. >In the 1930 federal election, the Nazi Party had dramatically increased its number of seats in the Reichstag. Despite becoming a German citizen (and thus eligible for public office) only on 25 February 1932, Hitler hoped to use the presidency to overturn the Weimar Constitution and establish a dictatorship. In view of that threat, the Social Democrats and Brüning's Centre Party would support Hindenburg – in contrast to the 1925 presidential election, when the non-partisan had been the candidate of the political right and had been strenuously opposed by much of the moderate left and political centre. However, in 1932, this part of the political spectrum decided to unite with the moderate right in supporting Hindenburg to prevent Hitler's election. >Hindenburg, who owed his election to the support of the Social Democrats, took office with little enthusiasm. On May 29 he dismissed his intercessor Chancellor Brüning and appointed Franz von Papen, a declared anti-democrat, as his successor. Although Hitler lost the presidential election of 1932, his goals were achieved when he was appointed chancellor on 30 January 1933. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reichstag_Fire_Decree >Hitler had been appointed Chancellor of Germany only four weeks previously, on 30 January 1933, when he was invited by President von Hindenburg to lead a coalition government. Hitler’s government had urged von Hindenburg to dissolve the Reichstag and to call elections for 5 March. >On the evening of 27 February 1933 — six days before the parliamentary election — fire broke out in the Reichstag chambers. While the exact circumstances of the fire remain unclear to this day, what is clear is that Hitler and his supporters quickly capitalized on the fire as a means by which to speed their consolidation of power. >Seizing on the burning of the Reichstag building as the supposed opening salvo in a communist uprising, the Nazis were able to throw millions of Germans into a convulsion of fear at the threat of Communist terror. The official account stated: >"The burning of the Reichstag was intended to be the signal for a bloody uprising and civil war. Large-scale pillaging in Berlin was planned for as early as four o’clock in the morning on Tuesday. It has been determined that starting today throughout Germany acts of terrorism were to begin against prominent individuals, against private property, against the lives and safety of the peaceful population, and general civil war was to be unleashed…" >Within hours of the fire, dozens of Communists had been thrown into jail. The next day, officials in the Prussian Ministry of the Interior, which was led by Hermann Göring, discussed ways to provide legal cover for the arrests. Ludwig Grauert, the chief of the Prussian state police, proposed an emergency presidential decree under Article 48 of the Weimar Constitution, which gave the president the power to take any measure necessary to protect public safety without the consent of the Reichstag. It would have suspended most civil liberties under the pretense of preventing further Communist violence. >When the proposed decree was brought before the Reich cabinet, Interior Minister Wilhelm Frick, the only Nazi in the cabinet who had a portfolio, added a clause that would allow the cabinet to take over the state governments if they failed to maintain order. Notably, the cabinet would have been allowed to do this on its own authority. Though Vice Chancellor Franz von Papen objected to this clause, the decree was approved. Shortly thereafter, President von Hindenburg signed the decree into law. >Hitler succeeded Hindenburg as head of state upon his death in 1934, whereafter he abolished the office entirely, and replaced it with the new position of Führer und Reichskanzler ("Leader and Reich Chancellor"), cementing his rule. More like 53% of the population voted for an old guy against Hitler for president, but since Hitler still got 36.8% of the vote he was a shoe-in for "President of Congress/Vice President" (the Chancellorship of the Reichstag) under a coalition government. He then presided over the passage of a law even more poisonous than the PATRIOT Act under similar circumstances ("terrorism"), which he exploited to disband the legislature after the President died and he took the office.
Did you forget to write something to go with that link?
Sorry, I was still working on it and hit save accidentally. Edited now.
Oh I see. I appreciate the effort but my original question was actually rhetorical.
Yup, a corrupt egotistical businessman is definitely the same as a murderous megalomaniac who committed genocide.
I think you need a history lesson. Hitler was elected into power and ran the same populist campaign that Trump is running. That's why they get compared... Hitler's message was "make Germany great again" but he blamed the Jews for the economic condition instead of Mexicans.
>I think you need a history lesson. Hitler was elected into power Except he wasn't. He first came into power through backroom dealing and power politics, not any sort of popular vote. And lol, Reagan and Bill Clinton both used 'make America great again', were they anywhere near Hitler? Plus Hitler didn't actually use that slogan Plus Trump isn't blaming mexicans but the US leaders for batting an eye on the illegal immigration issue which does indeed cost the US millions
Hitler was not a populist, he only got 43.91% votes in a highly questionable election.
Wait, so Trump getting 45% and calling the election rigged is not comperable?
To be comparable Trump would need a army of brownshirts to intimidate voters and still not get the popular vote.
Red hats, brown shirts what's the difference?
The Sturmabteilung was a paramilitary force that was under the direct command of Adolf Hitler before he gained state power.
Weimar Germany also had a very different and more fragmented electoral system. He leveraged his power to get into a prominent position in government, which gave him the ability to take over and dissolve the republic by decree.
Yes, I get that. But it's like comparing an 9th grader in debate club to a Harvard educated lawyer. The two have similarities but are not the same. Do you really think Trump plans to try and kill/ exterminate an entire race of people?
No, I don't. And that's not what this article is saying either. He is an incompetent buffoon and might drop a nuke somewhere but I don't think he would ever be able to rise to the likes of Hitler.
Fair enough
But Hitler had Joseph Goebbels. Just like Bush had Cheney.
Trump isn't blaming Mexicans, he's blaming our leaders and the system.
He is 100% blaming Muslims though.
Nope
Don't bring common sense to this thread. They refuse to accept such things here.
> I think you need a history lesson. Hitler was elected into power good 1
A lying press, a shady cabal of behind-closed-door power brokers, general displeasure at the current state of things, and the desire to return to a position of prestige and respect. Though T-dawg hasn't called for the extermination of any particular race, and we have checks and balances to to prevent any funny business. Comparisons to the climate are apt, but to the people are a bit misplaced.
-Equal rights -Food stamps -Free and nationalised education -Free child care -Guaranteed income -Money allowance for each child -The idea that our parents are old fashioned and don't understand us -Removing big banks from the picture -Praising Unions Would you believe me if I told you Hitler was advocating those ideas and actions? Well, here is a woman that lived in Austria during the depression of 38 and tells the story of how Adolf Hitler was elected with 98% of the vote and implemented nazi-onal socialism on the population. The way Trump is getting in power might look the same, but the outcome will (hopefully) be different because of the difference between what is promised. With Hitler, you get a population which is dependant on its gov to survive (easy after that to control said population). With Trump, you get some of the free market back and less dependancy on the gov. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=mZYjgicQOJU&feature=youtu.be
Fear no man who tries to convince you that you can do well on your own Cower from the man who promises everything for nothing in return
Would you believe me if I told you that Hitler was funding those programs by borrowing money, and once he couldn't borrow any more money, he instructed the German Central Bank to commit fraud in order to extend lines of credit. He was running a pyramid scheme, and his way of keeping it up was by going to war with other countries and seizing their funds, since he had no other way to pay for the social programs that were keeping the people placated. What will Trump do when his idiotic tax breaks exhaust lines of credit for the United States? Will he use that military he "made great again" to seize the wealth of other nations? There is no free lunch, we all pay for it in one way or another.
HAHAHAHA!! This sub is such a joke.
/r/politics is the best place to get a reasonable, nuanced, and civil political discussion.
Lol
you guys are still trying to compare him to Hitler?
This has to be a joke headline, right?
You people in this sub never cease to amaze me with these sources. Haaretz.com? What in the absolute hell?
Get this off of r/all
While Trump is not Hitler, [the rhetoric he uses](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/remarks-on-the-clinton-campaign-of-destruction) is not that different: > For those who control the levers of power in Washington, and for the global special interests they partner with, our campaign represents an existential threat. This is not simply another 4-year election. This is a crossroads in the history of our civilization that will determine whether or not We The People reclaim control over our government. > > It’s a global power structure that is responsible for the economic decisions that have robbed our working class, stripped our country of its wealth, and put that money into the pockets of a handful of large corporations and political entities. > > We’ve seen this firsthand in the WikiLeaks documents in which Hillary Clinton meets in secret with international banks to plot the destruction of U.S. sovereignty in order to enrich these global financial powers.
Lmao, these far left-wing hyperbole articles crack me up. And so many people probably use them to push their ideals down peoples' throats
Give them an enemy and incite fear. That is an easy way to convince people to do evil.
So exactly what articles like this do for the left?
Thanks to democrats this election we can understand how hypocritical hyperbole is possible.
This is asinine and dangerous. Violence against anyone with a Trump sign is now justified, to draw such a straight line to Hitler.
Oh good we're back to "Trump is Hitler" again. Feeling desperate, Clinton supporters? You must be to upvote trash like this.
only one side is firebombing HQs and beating people up, and it most certainly isn't Trumps side.
Are you implying that HC bombed her own campaign office? It was a HC office that was bombed....
lmao no it wasn't, champ. It was a GOP campaign HQ. Someones done a little too many mental gymnastics.
Oh you're right, it was the dems that raised 13k to *rebuild* the office. Why would they do that if they bombed it? Mental gymnastics, indeed.
Jesus christ you're hopeless. "Yeah some of our loonies blew your building up and threatened to kill you, but here is some cash" I guess it's all cool, then!
So that's the argument you're going with then? Civil. I can edit my comment too hey! Ummm alright why bomb the office in the first place if they were going to rebuild it? Wouldn't the effort/planning/money be better suited going towards their own campaign? Don't you think there would be some evidence that HC campaign did it, considering the incredible amount of scrutiny they are, and have been under? Guilty until proven innocent? Hmmm critical thinking and asking questions = downvotes. Trump supporters are such bastions of free speech!
I mean, we have evidence the Clinton campaign paid protesters in Chicago where a police officer was beaten and sent to the hospital, so it's in their playbook for sure.
I'm interested in seeing that evidence, and even more interested how that is supposed to mean hillary encouraged her supporters to bomb an office? Isn't trump the one egging his rally-goers into attacking the press and hinting that they should exercise their second amendment rights? I know for a fact hillary hasn't incited anyone to commit a violent act because republicans would be losing their minds
You've already proven yourself to be incredible ignorant on the entire situation. You literally thought it was a Hillary HQ that was firebombed.
So, no evidence then? True, i admitted I was wrong; something more people should do, don't you think? So, if someone admits they were wrong about a particular incident, does that mean you close the subject from them entirely and write them off? Do you think that's a productive way for political discussion?
Uh huh. And only one side is trying to rig the voting, and it certainly isn't Hillary's side.
Hey, another similarity! Good job! Only one side in Germany was burning down the Reichstag and beating people up, and it most certainly wasn't Nazis. (Except, as it turned out, it was totally the Nazis, who tried to frame the communists for the political violence Nazis themselves were committing.) Any other similarities you can think of?
There's been violence on both sides, and Trump supporters have arguably cause more violence: http://www.cbsnews.com/news/trump-supporter-tony-pettway-charged-assault-tucson-rally-attack/ http://www.thedailybeast.com/cheats/2016/10/24/trump-supporter-arrested-for-assault-at-clinton-event.html?via=desktop&source=copyurl http://www.salon.com/2016/04/12/violence_returns_to_the_trump_campaign_black_protester_assaulted_by_trump_supporters_at_new_york_values_rally/ http://www.redstate.com/leon_h_wolf/2016/06/06/trump-supporters-pepper-spray-non-violent-protesters-video/ http://usuncut.com/politics/trump-supporter-assaults-protester-north-carolina-rally/
Not even remotely true. There are dozens of rallys where Trump supporters were attacked, and one of their HQ's was firebombed. Violence is firmly in the lefts corner, deal with it.
I just linked a bunch of news articles about Trump supporters assaulting people at Trump rallies. I never said that Clinton supporters are non-violent, I said that Trump supporters are also violent, and arguably more violent.
> and arguably more violent. But you are objectively wrong. You linked 6 incidents over the course of the year, many of which are questionable at best. On the other hand we have Clinton supporters and other leftist degenerates rioting, [beating police officers](http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2016/03/12/06/321D69CB00000578-3488818-image-a-105_1457764987283.jpg), setting fires, [fire bombing Campaign HQ's](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/10/17/north-carolina-gop-headquarters-firebombed.html) and of course committing [mass-scale violence against Trump supports at least a dozen times in different events.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EMux_UHmpvc) Would you like me to go through and link you all of the videos showing extreme violence? A protester disrupting a political rally getting thrown on his ass is not even remotely the same as a group of people running around beating innocent people with weapons. The fact you even try to equate the two is disgusting and disingenuous. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EMux_UHmpvc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9T4J1EQ-Js8 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvBH7f6KJeU https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zaAs9Nsyuw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQmbn7ndvZQ
You're right, I linked 6 incidents. However, those are not all of the incidents where Trump supporters have assaulted others while at Trump rallies. It is, however, enough to show that there's violence on both sides. I'm willing to drop the "Trump supporters being arguably more violent" - that's what "arguably" means in that context.
It's irrelevant if there is "violence" on both sides. I'm saying one side is far worse than the other, and it's the "left" side. I don't think it's even up for debate for any reasonable individual. Show me an instance of Trump supporters committing mass-scale violence at a Clinton or Bernie rally. One side is being beaten up simply for attending a political rally. Only one.
www.youtube.com/watch?v=0t7PnrelFdY Those darn Trump supporters are so violent!
He said 'deal with it', line up and bow to your master of argumentation.
Not to defend what they have done, but both sides do shit. Firebombing HQs? No. But the alt right has bombed places like black churches, PP, Mosques, I believe it was last month someone did it to a Muslim's car while the Muslim was in it, gay bars, etc. Also, there have been plenty of pics and reports of people who would protest Trumps rallies and get beat up. And not even people yelling or anything, just people with signs. There were a few justified ones(the guy who I believe pepper sprayed the girl), but if someone is being escorted out and you reach over and punch them in the head, then there's no real excuse. Fact is, both sides have done some shit this election, and it's only making things worse and making people hate the other side even more which then causes more shit like this to happen.
Hahaha, I can't even Mention Correct t3h Record in this sub. So crooked. For those of you who read this, Bing Correct t3h record (spelled correctly of course, this sub has been taken over by the Hillary Campaign and is running a psy-op on its readers)
You almost converted me to Trump until you used "Bing" as a verb. What kind of monster are you??
Oh look, there's a group out there who actually wants to put a bit of common sense between the batshit insanity that Trump supporters spew. Guess it's a great conspiracy showing that Hillary is rigging the election illegaly /s
as crazy as this sounds, its 100% truth.
[removed]
It's funny to see the left claim that trump is hitler when Hillary literally controls the media. If either of the two candidates is Hitler, it's certainly not trump.
This sub might as well just change its name now from r/politics to r/cnn with how insanely biased it has become.
Maybe because Reddit isn't full of rednecks who what to take der jobs back and round up Muslims.
Jesus, exactly what I'm talking about, because all red necks hate Muslims and want concentration camps. You don't see the irony in being so hypocritical do you?
This is something I've always wondered. I always had trouble putting myself in that time and understanding, at least somewhat, how Hitler could've convinced people of his insane rhetoric. It just seemed like Hitler did some insane political maneuvering or he disguised his message well. I just couldn't grasp how someone like that could get into power via a democratic process. Now, I'm not saying he was honest about it, I know some of the political shit that happened back then thanks to a couple of sessions studying that, but now I can see how he could've convinced some part of the population. Trump's an insane idiot but now I see how democracy is more fragile than I thought. I believe that democracy only truly works if people make informed decisions about their candidate of choice...which isn't the case during this election.
> I just couldn't grasp how someone like that could get into power via a democratic process. well he didnt
Hence why I said I knew he did some shady things.
This is laughable. You realize the average person sees this headline and thinks the author is a moron, right? The level of cognitive dissonance here is palpable, accusing Trump of fear mongering when you're literally comparing him to Hitler. Who's really delusional and fear mongering here?
Hahahaha this sub is getting more desperate by the day. Love it. [Meanwhile, in reality.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IuJGHuIkzY)
God this subreddit is a sad joke at this point.
fun fact Michiko Kakutani is the daughter of the excellent mathematician Shizuo Kakutani >How did this “most unlikely pretender to high state office” achieve absolute power in a once democratic country and set it on a course of monstrous horror?” asks Michiko Kakutani in her New York Times book review of Volker Ullrich’s new biography of Hitler.
I gave you an upvote. But if that's your idea of "fun", I don't want to party with you or anything.
I think the big difference is that Hitler was competent and a skilled orator. I sometimes fear how this election would have turned out if Trump had the intelligence of Ted Cruz and the charisma of Marco Rubio.
Yea most people are fucking morons
I don't see why everyone is getting so upset and claiming that people are saying Trump=Hitler. The author specifically refutes this near the beginning of the article: > "And please spare me your “how dare you compare” indignation, if you are so inclined. I do not claim that America is Nazi Germany, that Trump is Hitler or that another Holocaust is just around the corner." And it's not even a case of the headline being misleading, because nowhere in the headline is such an equivalence made. The headline just emphasizes the point of the article: that by looking at the ways Trump has been able to win people over, despite being so obviously unqualified, ignorant, hateful, etc., we can better understand how Hitler was able to win people over, which is something that has often baffled people.
brigades, and vote manipulation bots, #MAGA
Because they didn't read anything and just jump to conclusions, they saw Trump in the same sentence as Hitler and went from there
Don't worry. Hillary will win and the Amerikanische Weimarrepublik will survive. Everything will be fine!
Das ist gut news!
"We're not saying Trump is Hitler, but they're the exact same."
Really?
I'd like to explain what it's like to live in the rural Midwest. My demographic in my area is white and evangelical. I am a Hillary Clinton supporter. This is identity politics here. I might as well be a nazi or child molester, and it's caused a mini-scandal within my community of friends and family. My sister has been contacting my friends and asking, "Is he doing okay?" There is genuine concern if my mental health is declining. My sister and friends are trying to save me from going to hell. I've lost many of my friends. I was thrown out of my fantasy football league. An ex-cop came to my door and told me that he removed my Hillary sign for me. It was placed in the trash can on the side of the house. I get messages from grown men I haven't seen since high school harassing me. I want this election to be over.
I don't believe you. Then again I guess you could be a real asshole.
just calling somebody a liar without any argument to back it up? Which of his claims do you consider unbelievable and why? Or are you just an asshole who calls people liars when they tell you things you don't like hearing about? #MAGA
This sub is far past becoming cancer
What a completely unbiased subreddit...
Wow a Hitler comparison. This sub is fucking garbage and this articles writer needs a fucking history lesson.
Trying the hitler thing one more time before the election? Whats next, calling him a racist again? Im sure it'll finally work this time.
You are willing to compare this guy to Hitler and entertain theories of pedophilia. You have reached bottom /r/politics. Why are his supporters angry about these type of articles? Try being compared to a population that was complicit with genocide of an entire race. That's what you are doing /r/politics. Comparing your neighbors, friends, family and co-workers to Nazi Germany. Grow the fuck up.
Why are we comparing Trump to Hitler? What is the lefts obsession with this? Can't argue with real logic and facts so have to speak like this? Hillary is closer to Hitler of the two if anything..... with that said, neither are like Hitler or anything close to it.
Fuck you /r/politics, I hope the mods are deleted from this sub and every post is removed. You guys just can't stomach the fact that Bernie lost, and the fact that Hillary was part of the reason for that happening just makes it even more pathetic that you support her. Sure, bash Trump but at least a subreddit about politics should remain somewhat neutral.
Oh the propaganda.
You realize Hillary is under criminal investigation and this sub is still completely negative towards trump and positive towards Hillary? You don't see a problem with that? You maybe think you guys are being a little bit ignorant? Anyway enjoy living in your fantasy land where Hillary still has a chance for the next 8 days. I cannot wait to see this subs reaction when Trump wins and you all have to admit how wrong you were.
[deleted]
It's not a comparison of trump to hitler its highlighting how someone can potentially get in power using fearmongering and relying on the under educated
I think we may be speaking to one of those alleged "uneducated". The fact is that Trump is very likely worse than Hitler.
[deleted]
Just because the title contains the words trump and hilter together doesn't mean it's a comparison. Better comprehension will help you see that it's using trump as a case study to understand similar scenario that hitler exploited. Nobody is arguing that trump is literally hitler. It's more nuance than that.
But it's clearly meant to illicit a connection that goes beyond their rise to power. "Hillary and Hitler eat the same breakfast."
you don't get it
Try reading the whole article sometime.
So it's not about the title purposely meant to manipulate the audience through fear mongering but the power of fear mongering among the under educated. Good to know.
look, *sometimes* hitler is worth bringing up. Most of the time, he's not, but sometimes he is. I mean, surely the rule is not "learn from the past, but never ever compare anything to hitler" no one is saying "donald trump is hitler and all jews are going to die when he gets in power" - i mean, maybe someone's saying that, but not in this post. The way hitler rose to power does have some strong parallels to what's fueling trump's support. Does that mean trump is on his way to commit a genocide? No, but it's still worth discussing how he's lying and manipulating people, on purpose or not.
do you even know what godwins law is?
[deleted]
> t didn't even have to devolve to that point in a discussion, it was the start of the discussion Yeah, it was... by a Jewish newspaper.... in Israel. RTFA or GTFO.
yes, and what's your point? people always mistake Godwin's law for a fallacy that invalidates the argument being made. it's just an observation. there's nothing inherently false about comparisons to Hitler or using him as a rhetorical tool.
TIL it's impossible for anyone to be similar to Hitler because Godwin's law is a meme.
I suppose these types of posts is what happens when your candidate is failing so miserably. Have fun watching Hillary behind bars!
Behind those bars at the bottom of the news while she becomes madame president? Yeah, I'll probably enjoy that.
If anybody is going to be put behind bars, it will be Trump for rape. Just you wait, lol.
I believe you're referring to Bill
"Dae Trump = hitler literally" /r/politics
These headlines are a little bit counterproductive. I also think Mussolini is a much better comparison if we are gong to compare him to a dictator.
Wrong. Mussolini was not a bigot. Hitler and Trump are bigots. Trump is a lot more like Hitler than Mussolini.
Italian fascist rule under Mussolini wasn't initially as focused on eugenics & antisemitism as it's German counterpart -- [but once Italy joined forces with Nazi Germany, Mussolini had no problem embracing antisemitism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manifesto_of_Race). In this regard, Trump and Mussolini are incredibly similar - perhaps neither previously held racist or antisemitic views - but they had no qualms exploiting those of their supporters, when convenient to gain power.
Trump is actually a bigot. He refused to rent properties in his buildings to black people. He doesn't merely exploit bigotry, he actually is a bigot.
Not debating that - Trump's been a bigot for a while but his transition to virulent Islamophobia & anti-immigrant xenophobia is more recent. Before he wanted to deport undocumented immigrants and build a giant wall on the border, he was fine hiring foreign workers at sub-standard wages to construct his real estate projects. In that sense, I think he's opportunistic bigot in that he intentionally chose a message that would appeal to the Republican base.
Mussolini was definitely a bigot.
This is a headline from a right wing Jewish Newspaper, Hitler has much more meaning
Fair enough. Again though, it isn't the content, more the headlines. I feel they turn people off who might otherwise be willing to read.
>right wing Jewish Newspaper U wot m8? >Haaretz is an independent daily newspaper with a broadly liberal outlook both on domestic issues and on international affairs. read more: http://www.haaretz.com/news/about-haaretz-1.63277 They're generally pretty damn opposed to Bibi and the Jewish settlements on the West Bank. Under what circumstance are they remotely to be considered "right wing"?
> Under what circumstance are they remotely to be considered "right wing"? Under the circumstance that it fits his narrative. /u/RIPGeorgeHarrison, see comment above mine.
Yeah i was like "right" what ? Haaretz is regularly accused of being too left.
But we're not currently living through the rise of Mussolini so he's not as instructive to us right now as Trump is
Good point. Trump's rise rather than beliefs might be a bit more similar to Hitler. It even looks like even if he does win, it will only be with a plurality of the vote, lol.
I think that the article pretty much gives you a reasonable explanation for its title. Read it yourself.
Thanks to clinton, we can better understand how fdr was possible.
"Let's make America hate again."
Oh shit Clinton is in trouble better compare Trump to Hitler again.
At this point no one is taking this sub seriously. This sub is honestly almost a parody of what propaganda looks like. Can't wait for Trump to become president and we can just go back to business as usual over here:
This thread is filled with people too damn stupid to read the article. Its not saying Trump = Hitler. Its pointing out that Hitler was elected into power using very similar populist and fear mongering tactics and promises of returning Germany to former power. Make Germany Great Again.
The problem is this comparison can be made between almost every last leader. But it also ignores the serious crimes Hitler committed using his rise. It's a half truth ato best.
I think the articles focus is more on how the emotion approach instead of facts/logic/reason/plans appeals to voters. The focus is largely its effect on people moreso than exactly how each candidate did it.
Trump isn't Hitler 2.0. That guy is going to show up if Trump loses and people get even more pissed off at their government as their lifestyle goes down the shitter.
Your first sentence is half of the first sentence of the article. Please read it before posting.
Wasn't replying to the article, but the people in this thread.
Press F to pay respects to /r/politics F
This is such a ridiculously moronic and offensive article. The comparison is completely baseless, and anyone who even makes the connection between the two is lacking severely in mental faculties.
please present a counter-argument. Preferably using points from the article, which you've *obviously* read. I'll wait. #MAGA
Careful, not blindly bashing trump is dangerous 'round these parts
He's been alluding to the [same anti-semitic conspiracy theories](http://www.jta.org/2016/10/14/news-opinion/politics/donald-trumps-conspiracy-theories-stir-uneasy-echoes) that led to the rise of anti-semitism and thus Nazism in Germany. Instead of "Jews", he's talking about a global conspiracy against him and "international bankers" - you know, the job many Jews were essentially forced into in the West and where they were a monolithic representation of bankers to most. It's the same crap that led to the [Protocols](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Protocols_of_the_Elders_of_Zion). I really used to think the Hitler comparisons were truly absurd until this past month when he started lurching into this crap. The people who don't see it probably don't have a basic understanding of it. He is no Hitler, but they share quite a lot in common.
Lol so many hit pieces from piece of shit sites and they get upvoted so much. You guys plus the mods here at r/politics aren't even trying anymore. So sad.
Jesus, this sub is cancer
ITT: Reductio ad Hitlerum
The real question is what inept politician lost to Hitler? Clinton has been a bad candidate, she is what made Trump possible. Did the same thing happen back then?
Paul von Hindenburg, the president of Germany, died. That's what happened. Hitler was chancellor, but that was an unimportant "consolation prize" after he came second in the election. And then the president died, and Hitler just ruled without one.
Well... that is a very good answer.
These articles seem to miss certain points, and only point out what we already knew. The rest of the world was punishing all of Germany, after WW1. When you do that, you force those people to find some other cause to blame. You become an existential threat to them. Stop blaming bad policy on race. Stop insisting that ALL people that look like their leaders pay the price for what leaders do. Criticize policy, and help to change it, without vitriol and hatred, and things might not go the way they seem to be going now. Stop blaming entire groups of people for things only a few are actually doing. Stop blaming people for taking every advantage available to them. Blame the policies that skew access, rather than the closest, similar-looking-to-the-leaders individual you can find to yell at. Every special interest uses simple language to try to influence people. Every special interest tells people what they want to hear. Every special interest capitalizes on anger. If all these things mentioned are the path to hitler, then the problem is, everyone is a little hitler.
> For me, at least, the rise of Donald Trump has been an eye-opener. Watching so many Americans fall under his spell has provided a prism to the hypnotic influence that Hitler had on Germans close to a century ago. How justified grievances and genuine economic plight, the disintegration of classes in society and the formation of others in their stead could combine with resentment, racism and downright ignorance to bring a patently unqualified and dangerous person so close to a position of so much power. How masses of Germans were willing to accept and support the litany of lies, the fountains of fabrications and dangerous delusions offered by Hitler. How hatred toward foreigners and those perceived as foreigners can burst out from the underground and then be drummed up to fever pitch. How the established leadership of a country, like that of a political party, can find itself weak and paralyzed even when faced with such an existential danger. How a politician more disciplined, more focused, more knowledgeable and more persuasive than Trump – but with the same dangerous ideas – might have easily made up the 5-10 percent of popular support that Trump seems to be missing.
ITT: Trump is literally Hitler.
The Hitler/Trump comparison trivializes the holocaust. However, there are similarities like pandering to the fears of a nation using racist, xenophobic rhetoric. Trump is definitely a neo-fascist, but he's really nothing like Hitler. He just uses similar techniques to gain attention.
These attacks on Trump are getting increasingly desperate now. If they're so sure the polls show she's winning why sink this low?
This post just shows how desperate r/politics is getting now.
Awesome thread. Trumpers can't deal with this article.
No... we are collectively laughing at you. This site is 3 levels of satire.
Then why all the down votes?
I don't care what side you support, literally comparing either candidate to Hitler is pretty scummy.
So, are you saying it's impossible for another racist demagogue with contempt for democracy to follow a path to power similar to Hitler's? Or are you just saying when and if someone does that, it would be impolite to point it out?
You didn't bother to click the link... Do it now and read the first sentence below the headline. Actually, I'm going to do it for you: >America isn't Nazi Germany and Trump isn't the Führer. But today it is easier to grasp how millions of people accepted the outrageous lies and dangerous delusions offered by the tyrant. They did call him a tyrant though...
Yup, liberal degeneracy and disregard for their own country drove the rest of the populace to nationalism. Then they killed them all. [If you want to survive the coming death squads...](https://www.google.com/search?q=buy+a+maga+hat&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8#q=buy+a+maga+hat&tbm=shop)
Been a while since we had a "Trump is Hitler" thread. https://media.giphy.com/media/GjYjLvGErsggg/giphy.gif Make this one good. Find comparisons between his campaign and rise of the SS and the Putsch. Don't waste time on the low hanging fruit. Really go for it and relate his supporters to the SA.
Uh, OP? I think at this point you're actively *helping* him by pushing shit like this up into r/all.
You can know this country is totally divided by seeing how both sides are calling the other one Nazi- and believing it. I think we are witnessing the collapse of an empire.
Trump = Hitler. I think it's fair to say that Hillary is done if that's what everyone is resorting to at this stage of the game.
Holy shit. calling trump hitler. wow, coming from a group that supports hillary and her corporate overlords.
You know liberals have lost when they start calling you racist and/or Hitler.
No one likes to vote for Clinton. Clinton has no support from the youth. Trump has youth supporters. Clinton only scares people to vote for her. Her turnout will be very low. Youth support Trump. He will have high turnout.
That literally read like it was google translated from Russian
You all desperate, and as Israeli, from where this fine article originated, I can tell you it's a huge disservice to the history and all of the Holocaust survivors to compare anyone, let alone Trump to Hitler.
A lot of stupid Trumpets in this thread. No, it's not saying Trump will kill millions of people. It's showing how a hateful campaign based on demagogy can lead to power. Hitler had the same political tactic as Trump, that's all this article is saying.
Yeah, no. You people have officially jumped the shark.
Trump is literally Hitler! Omg I'm so triggered!
You didn't read the article.
if you needed any better evidence that this place was a fucking circle jerk: >Thanks to Trump, we can better understand how Hitler was possible >As a reminder, this subreddit is for civil discussion. what a fucking joke. how do you guys take yourselves seriously?
To post and upvote this you have to be very, very stupid.
Won't anyone please think of the children?
... Thanks to our history classes in Germany we absolutely understand how Hitler happened. About a third of our history classes in school teach about what lead up to this desaster. So I've been watching flabbergasted how he USA put an orange Hitler as a possible president on the ballot. Edit: Went from +20 to a negative score. Hmm, did I rustle some feathers?
Because people are the same, we haven't changed for thousands of years. The same fear and anxieties that plauged the German people exist in America as well.
I learned a good overview of how he came into power but, not as much as I did on a study abroad in Germany. In general our educational system is lacking. We learned a lot of bs about how great America was and skip over the not so nice parts and then look at Germany and say "weren't they awful"
The Germans are really paranoid about this. At least 3 years of school history classes are about both World Wars, the social and economic consequences and how Hitler rose to power. Then we have channels where they show a lot of documentaries about the horrors commited in WW2, museums, monuments etc. But because the swastica is a forbidden symbol I bet a lot of people assume Germany is trying to sweep that part of history under the rug.
You spend time on it because it's your national history, and (I mean this with no aggression) Hitler is your national shame. His rise and fall shaped your nation's character in undeniable ways, and many positive things have come from reflection on what went wrong. So it's not surprising that you guys learn so much about how to recognize it. You'd be insane not to. Here in Canada, we just learned about the economic conditions caused by Germany's defeat in WW1 sowed the seeds for the inevitable conflict of WW2. Now that I'm thinking about it the topics are strangely divorced, really. The economic troubles resulting from the Treaty of Versailles are seen as what caused the war, Hitler just happened to be the leader during that inevitable conflict, and then there was the antisemitism that created the holocaust. But the actual cultural processes, how and why it was him that rose to power, that's left largely untaught. What's funny, actually, is that Trump has made me look back and learn about Hitler. Maybe it was me being a poor student a decade ago in high school (not unlikely, but WW2 is interesting so you'd think it would stand out) or maybe I was never taught it, but I didn't know until recently that **Hitler was never elected leader of Germany**. Learning that he was chancellor who took power from the president through political maneuvering and solidified it with the Night of the Long Knives actually shook me a bit. Not electing Trump might not be the end of this.
In the US we really don't cover how Hitler rose to power so much. Hitler was elected, bad things happened (insert key phrases/events for standardized testing here), Holocaust, WWII, USA wins! Most of what I learned came from my grandfather (born in the US in '32, then sent to be raise by his grandmother in Germany until '39) or classes I took in college. I wish we'd go more in depth into history in middle/high school, honestly.
you glossed over why he was elected, Germany was in the middle of a great economic depression brought about by the war debt owed from their defeat during WWI, these economic conditions allowed a man like Hitler to rise to power.
They didn't teach you why there was so much discontent for the jews in post war Germany? Did they really just teach you everyone was just racist? lol
... Why do you assume that? Also, while that is a rather oversimplificiation the reasons for targeting jews (over the course of history in europe) is for the biggest part rooted in antisemitism.
no it wasn't. People weren't all anti Semitic and just one day decided to hate Jews. The jewish were the ones pitting post war Germans against each other because they were the ones profiting from Germany being shit. Yes, antisemitism is wrong, but Germans rallied against them because it made sense. If they taught that, it would be more progressive then just victimizing jews and demonizing germans.
Pull your head out of your arse. Who talked about demonising Germans? Progressive? What the fuck are you trying to bullshit here? I'm sure now some antisemitic bullshit sub linked me and you are projecting hard since at no fucking time did I talk about racism, victimisation or demonising here. When you want to talk about what I actually wrote (or well, actual history and not some antisemitic revisionist crap) then... I still won't bother debating this on a fucking politics sub.
ok, so they taught you all germans were antisemetic and hated jews for no reason gotcha.
You realize that you are arguing with someone that learned German history in a school, in Germany, yeah? Reread his post.
Hey dude, thanks for the effort but you are talking to a guy who basically repeats talking points of modern german holocaust deniers (since it is literally punishable by law to deny the holocaust they need to get tricky). For example he seems to argue that "racism" is a binary state. A more progressive view takes into account that racism cones in many shapes and that the individual, or even the generap population, is not to blame. The reason why jews were in certain positions (aka more wealthy during that time) is based on a long history of prohibations for jews in europe (like not being allowed to practice a craft like carpentry). So they were trades or dealt with money (both resulting in the popular "jews love money" prejudice and more wealth amongst jews post ww1). The nazis played on those prejudices in the population. Jews were the easy target. So, I opted out because there is no talking to holocaust deniers. Those idiots have literal nazis who worked in KZs call them crazy for the attempt to rewrite well documented history.
So, he's saying that they taught him how Hitler came to power. Aka all germans were antisemetic and hated jews for no reason gotcha.
Yeah he never said that.
That is how conventional institutionalized teaching is done about the holocaust. Hence the need for progressivism. Your comments are pretty irrelevant.
Wow, a The_Donald poster spouting literal Nazi propaganda... color me shocked. Next you'll tell me Nazi Germany had to invade the USSR to save the world from Judeo-Bolshevism.
"You either die a hero, or long enough to see yourself become a villain". Why blame him for all mess Clinton created? He was nowhere near the white house.
Wow, this sub is just trump hate 24/7. There is plenty of dirt on Clinton, but that never gets posted here I guess.
Trump of the Will
I think this is the first Haaretz article I have read in over a year, but I agree with everything in it. I have said exactly the same things to Trump supporters. If I could write that well, I would have written this exact article, word for word.
There was a late night show that went out and either said a Trump quote or Hitler quote. As you can probably guess, people couldn't tell the difference.
All that's required for a Hitler to rise to power are willfully ignorant supporters with hatred in their hearts. Republicans fit that description to a tee. For the good of the nation, their power base must be utterly destroyed.
You guys really have no clue why Trump has so much support, do you? You're focusing on outliers of bigots who resonate with him. Most Trump supporters don't hate foreigners and blacks, as much as you like to tell yourself that to feel morally superior and confident. People like primarily that he's hated by most politicians and mainstream heads. It doesn't matter what he does, they would vote in anyone who would go to Washington and be hated by most the people thee. Government approval is around the single digits, they want it disrupted and they're sick of the status quo. If Trump is elected and becomes a politician in lockstep, his voters will be disappointed and consider him a mistake. Though probably still a better one than Hillary.
Thanks to Hillary we can understand how Stalin was possible. The same ridiculous parallels can be drawn with anything if you try hard enough. This thread is funny. So many political doctorates and history majors it's blowing my miiiinnnnd.
Leave it to jews to attack their opponents as hitler.
Typical sheep propaganda. You disagree with something so you try and compare it to Hitler. We are nothing like Germany was after WWI.
> We are nothing like Germany was after WWI trump and his supporters apparently think so. http://www.redstate.com/absentee/2016/10/05/breaking-donald-trump-says-america-like-third-world-country-video/
Comparing Trump to Hitler again? It's the left using "brown shirt" tactics to incite violence at political rallies, but it's Trump that's Hitler. Oki DOKE
So. Goddamned. True.
This sub is falling apart.
\>unironically invoking Godwin's Law I mean, are you *trying* to sound like you're still in grade school?
You mean thanks to Hillary we can now understand why Hitler was possible. She incites violence and all you pleddit sheeple blame Trump.
I mean, I think she represents everything that's wrong with politics, but, I'll bite... Sure. Let's say she incited violence. Can you point to where? Provide quotes? Articles? Video evidence? Neutral sources are, of course, preferred.
Video I https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IuJGHuIkzY Video II https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDc8PVCvfKs Video III https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEQvsK5w-jY Video IV https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nUBrZItwVy4
So much for those neutral sources....
>Says Trump wins support by driving fear >drives fear into people by saying Trump is literally fascist Hitler reborn
This is an Israeli paper. Swaying voters isn't their concern.
WTF /r/politics, do you even care anymore?
Trump is a demagogue saying we should keep a record of all Muslims who live in the united States for the public's safety. This is similar to the the tattoos Hitler gave to Jews when they got rounded up.
This article triggers Trumpers.
Because they are uneducated and think that if you try and compare their political strategies you are suggesting Trump will kill millions of people.
But he seriously might
Lol
His stance on climate change would.
DAE LE UNEDUCATED?! God shut the FUCK UP. Get a new fucking line morons.
Yup, triggered. Go back to your safe space.
So insulting people and calling them uneducated and later telling them to go to their safe space is the proper thing to do? And Trump is literally hitler too because "he is a populist"? And you guys think your pedantic bullying is fine? This election has to be the most entertaining in a while...
You are just pure garbage.
I could be called something worse, like that I'm a Trump supporter.
I know a lot of Trump supporters, and they are all about a thousand times more tolerable than you disgustingly smug Anti Trump pieces of shit. You dildos are unbearable.
Lol coming from the one that called the other garbage...yeah, so enlightened and tolerant.
Get an education.
An education does nothing for intelligence, especially yours. You're still pretty fucking stupid.
Lmfao. Is that the official anthem of high school dropouts?
Stop posting. You are literally a carbon copy of every pseudo intellectual redditor with delusions of grandeur since the dawn of time. You are an embarrassment. Truly.
Ahahaha, slogan #2 from the Trailer Park Trash Diaries.
That...makes no sense whatsoever. Stop wasting oxygen, thanks.
Again, get an education so you can understand basic english kiddo.
I don't think you know what literally means. Perhaps you do need more schooling.
Clearly the reason you cannot reference the Gestapo, SS, or the Abwehr is solely due to the fact that your entire purpose is to focus on one man. It is your religion and the means to fluff your manna. Yet another shining example of the glorious success of the hollow public education system.
And educated people with a basic understanding in history. It's simply not comparable. First of all Germany wasn't just frustrated and unsatisfied but humiliated. There was no money, no food, no hope. Basically a beat down animal on a tight leash. Hitler became so popular because he fed on all those things. Another huuuuge difference is today's media situation as stated above. Source: an german and major history
Trump supporters think they are beat down animals on a tight leash.
With respect, you're completely underestimating the delusion of Trump followers today. If you went to a Trump rally and asked if America under Obama is worse off that Germany before Hitler, I think you'd be shocked by how many people would swear to you that it is. You could cite all of the ways that's absurd, and they'd dismiss all your pro-establishment lies. It's actually kind of terrifying.
This comment is so stupid it hurts.
Well that makes it worse doesn't it? Trump is polling at 45% with 5% unemployment. There's a huge risk of the US falling to the far right.
You'd think that, because the situation really isn't that bad. But how bad a portion of our populations feels it is is comparable. Currently having a conversation with a Trump supporter is being told the world is ending on all fronts. They are comparing the peaks of American society (with its very pro-American Cold War propaganda) to now (with its fearmongering media). I could ask someone if murder rate, unemployment level, GDP, etc. and our Trump fans would more often than not get the answer wrong but drastically so because of how poorly they think this country is doing. In reality it's apples to oranges but the national mindset is apples to modern, ridiculous expectation apples
>First of all Germany wasn't just frustrated and unsatisfied but humiliated. There was no money, no food, no hope. Basically a beat down animal on a tight leash. You're right that the U.S. isn't in that position but trumps rhetoric paints that picture. "We never win anymore" "The whole world is laughing at America" pushing fak murder rates to claim crime is up, etc.
Jesus Christ r/politics we're really resorting to this? I'm not voting for the guy, but quite a ways from being hitler. Quit making us look bad!
[deleted]
Oh, come on! You can't go and call a whole group of people stupid and then use poor grammer!
Quite a way? If you don't see the similarity between hilter and trump, then you are either being extremely ignorant or just plain stupid. From promoting racism by turning Americans against a certain group of race/religion, to promoting fascism, this guy is tearing down demoracy brick by brick Since when does Americans become so stupid???
Read the article before you come in here and scream "don't call him Hitler. He's not Hitler" It's a really well written article with a lot of historian and citations
I did read it, and it's really reaching in a lot of places. I really don't see why everyone's saying it's so well written. It has sources and cited them, so do most articles that are worth a damn. I just think it makes this sub look bad comparing trump to hitler so much. It also really shows how overly bias this sub is as well.
You're missing the point entirely. The very first fucking sentence of this article says "we are not calling Trump Hitler. We are not calling America Nazi Germany. We are simply comparing the campaign tactics between Trump and Hitler and we now have a better understanding of why that was possible" Bias? Only if you want to believe it to be biased. Someone could easily cite this article as a reason that Trump knows what he's doing since he's replicating one of the greatest rises to political power in the last 100 years. But as you can see from the downvotes on my comments that it would require critical thinking and that itself is impossible for some.
No need for insults dude, I read ALL of the article and I understand that it's not calling trump hitler, but really the only similarities in their rise to political power, that isn't really reaching, is that they were both basically a joke to start with and weren't taken seriously. Again, I think Trump would make an appalling president as well as Clinton. I just find it ridiculous how this sub sees 'trump' and 'hitler' in the same sentence (no matter the context) and automatically agrees and think it's the best written sentence ever constructed, and insults everyone who disagrees with them.
The only part that wasn't reaching was that they were both a joke? Nothin about their respective bases of support and most of them being nationalists. That was too much of a reach for you? Kind of seems like at this point you kind of think you were wrong but desperately are trying to somehow legitimize your argument.
It may be the greatest article ever written, but the title of this post is shit.
No. the title of the post isn't shit We have someone currently doing exactly what Hitler did to gain support. This article goes into detail about how we can better understand Hitler's rise to power if we study Trumps current campaign. They have similar messages. They have the same type of supporters etc. Again read the article. You'd be surprised
> We have someone currently doing exactly what Hitler did to gain support. This article goes into detail about how we can better understand Hitler's rise to power if we study Trumps current campaign. The only reason why Trump is getting so much support is because of peoples mistrust of Hillary Clinton. The author of this article says that its Trumps fault for pushing a narrative to not trust the media but that isn't completely true. [Americans relationship with media has soured over the years.] (http://www.gallup.com/poll/195542/americans-trust-mass-media-sinks-new-low.aspx)Add in the checkered history of the Clinton's, along with the corruption within the DNC using the media to push Clinton as the nominee (which has nothing to do with RNC or Trump), exacerbated this chain reaction of Americans distrust of the media. Trump is merely expressing what the American middle class have thought for some time now which is refreshing to them, hence driving more support his way. IMO the article is reaching a bit in certain areas. All I'm saying is that the title of this post sucks because it pushes all of the blame towards Trump by saying "Thanks to Trump" instead of in "Thanks to this joke of an election"
You sure you read the whole article? This article right here that is talking about Trumps rise to power and his campaign in comparison to Hitler's rise to power. The title isn't blaming anything on anyone it's saying "thanks to Trump and his campaign we have a better idea of why Hitler had so much support" If you read the entire article you'd understand that the title is in fact true.
"No, no, you don't understand. We're saying Trump is like Hitler because *he really is like Hitler!* Just read the article, then you'll get it."
This is why no one will ever take a Trump supporter seriously. Because there is no critical thought going on at all Did you know someone could employ the same techniques as Hitler's to gain power without being Hitler? Did you know this article could be a good thing? This is saying that your candidate has been as successful as one of the greatest rises to political power in recent history. No where in the article does it say that Trump would do the same things as Hitler. Just that his rise to power is exactly the same as Hitler's You see though, that requires critical thought which two trump supporters have already shown they have none of.
I'm not a Trump supporter. I already voted McMullin, but I sympathize with Trump when I see this sort of garbage going on in the media and /r/politics. I think the rise of many politicians could be likened to Hitler's because most campaigns follow similar trends. Telling voters they're gonna make things better (like how they used to be) and placing the blame on certain groups of people is pretty universal. Even Clinton has stirred up hatred among her supporters towards the Alt-Right and Russia. There's really no point in comparing Trump's campaign to Adolf Hitler's other than trying to paint him as evil and imply that Trump would do the same things as Hitler. Which two trump supporters are you even talking about?
The other 2 I've replied to besides you. I really don't think you read the article at all. Physically impossible for you to have read the article and make that comment.
Uh...I've read it three times now. How many more times would you like me to read it so I can be fully convinced?
Well you can start by confirming if the similarity between both Trump and Hitler's bases of support are nationalists with an overall hatred of the current economical struggles they are facing is too much of a "stretch"
[deleted]
7% of the population or voters? Huge difference...
Wait, what? Can you cite this 7% figure? Because he quite literally had much much more support than that.
Lol wtf Trump is just a demagogue. If he wasn't a reality TV star then he wouldn't be popular. Hitler was Hitler. There's no comparison and making one is extremely insane.
Hitler came to power thanks to the Great depression. Thankfully the economy is doing ok in the us.
ITT: *Those who do not learn History are doomed to... what was it again..? Whatever, that was then, this is know.*
That website is unusable! It has so many popup adds, that while I wanted to read it, it was unreadable! ublock failed me big time here!
Right, scare me even more, why don't you?
The economic strife and injustice that helped Nazism to rise was in a large extent from outside impositions after WWI, this time in America the economic strife and injustice that fuels the Trumpster is generated from within.
Wow, you are racist.
All the more reason to vote for him I say keep in mind that it was again your Marxist policies that brought into being yet another glorious leader, another Caesar. Hail to the savior of America, Hail to the savior of Christendom
If you are trying to compare trump to Hitler, wouldn't you say thanks to obama?
…And is now even more possible due to nobody being interested in understanding the forces at play that made Trump a possibility. They aren't just going away…
People with large amounts of money from usury cause class deconstruction in society in the midst of war, causing society to gradually become worse whilst the Lügenpresse says everything will be ok or even that it's the fault of the working class themselves. They disproportionately profit from the fallout due to their investments with the enemy, leaving many citizens in huge debt. Germans are angry and begin to see through the media's lies. Guy with disproportionate popular support to Western european citizens says it's his way or the highway. Yeah it checks out to me, but damn it needed to happen.
And thanks to that headline, we can better understand how education is failing us.
You didn't read the article.
Yes he had brown shirts disrupt others rally's, remove oppositions signs , and mystery deaths of people ... oh he also over pumped up his own war stories... he wasn't greeted immediately by sniper fire though and had to run from his arriving plane in Bosnia.
Godwin's Law strikes again. Keep it up, r/politics
This sub is such a fucking joke
It's like everyone who posts here intentionally ignores the rampant hatred and consistent violence of the left against Trump supporters.
...Who are mostly bots. Lmao
You mistake hatred for disdain. I don't hate Trump supporters, I just think they're really, really stupid. Dumb as a bag of hammers. Thick as a post. Like Trump himself, they get their opinions from talk shows and social media. That is how the world now views 'merica. Good luck.
Well you'd be an idiot if you think there are no Trump supporters who are really intelligent and have accepted the risk of Trump as better than voting for an oligarcic political machine. And if you think that there aren't ungodly stupid Clinton supporters idk what to say.
There is no way that idea is backed up with policy.
It's ok, we think you're educated (but dumb) individuals who don't pay taxes and support globalism. Also, your mother.
"Support globalism" Thanks for helping to prove my point. Globalism is not something anyone made up, it's a fact. It's changing the world, and you can deal with the change, you can ignore it, or you can fight it. But it's happening regardless of any notion of support. Oh, and Trump is the only person I know who is widely rumored not to pay any taxes.
You have no idea do you? A vote for Trump Is fighting it. You can encourage it by voting for Hillary. Her buddies Soros, the Saudis and Wall street bankers are all great people.
Yeah because trump will make the world less connected. The guy who does business with any country that's available, even the ones we had laws banning to trade from will totally stop it.
This subreddit just hit a new low
Wow you guys are getting desperate
Except it's the left that's been using paid thugs to engage in violence at Trump rallies.
There are virtually no similarities between trump and Hitler that haven't existed for every president. This is ridiculous fear mongering dreck.
The fact that Trump even has a modicum of a chance says more about the American peoples dislike and distrust of Hillary then about anything else. If the republican candidate was Romney, for instance, Hillary would be so low in the polls she wouldn't be able to see daylight. The only way Hillary can win this election is because her opponent is such an idiot buffoon. This election you have the choice of Hillary or Hitler and she's still only a few point ahead.
I don't think so. I think Republicans in general do more to scare the vast majority of voters away than Hillary ever could. I think any candidate with an 'R' would have lost. Most people don't hate Hillary as much as you think they do.
> Most people don't hate Hillary as much as you think they do. Or at all, really.
Scary what youll believe if you surround yourself with the right "news".
Its been a solid 12+ months of both sides trying to convice me which shit sandwich tastes better.
>The fact that Trump even has a modicum of a chance says more about the American peoples dislike and distrust of Hillary then about anything else. PPP subs Obama in for Hillary in against Trump. Trump doesn't lose any vote share, Obama gains 1-3 points above Hillary. The problem is the radicalisation of a large proportion of the American electorate. The far right is not as strong in any other Western country as it is in the US.
Interesting related article: [Trump has a copy of Hitler's speeches according to this 1990 Vanity Fair article.](http://www.vanityfair.com/magazine/2015/07/donald-ivana-trump-divorce-prenup-marie-brenner/amp)
Here I was thinking "Trump is literally Hitler" was just an ironic meme.
https://thisaintnews.com/static/user/pics/1458172800/1458431063_Everyone-I-Don-t-Like-is-Hitler.jpg
Upvoting this just so /r/all can see how shit this sub is, lmao
Calling Trump "Hitler" is the worst mistake the anti-Trump people did this election. The comparison is so exaggerated that it pushes people not to believe the accusers. The left went all "reefer madness" on Trump. Is he crude? Sure. Not slick, not a career politician. Ignorant, sure on many issues but he's not Hitler. By pushing too hard, calling Trump Hitler and his supporters Nazis, the left threw away any chance to convince or de-escalate the situation. Trump is going to win because calling your opponent a Nazi isn't shocking when its overused and doesn't win debates.
There's only one candidate using violence to influence the election, and it isn't Trump.
ITT : Far too many butthurt people that think they know what the article says but didn't read it.
People just saw "Hitler" and "Trump" in the same headline on the front page of /r/politics and were immediately triggered in to full righteous indignation meltdown. Who needs to read the article when that is all you need to stoke your outrage?
Or vice versa...
I still don't get it. It's dumb af to support either
Abandon all grey matter ye who enter here.
Thanks to Trump, we won't have Hitlery for POTUS. Go Trump!
Thanks to Hillary* FTFY, Hillary is literally a criminal!
I'm sure Hitler controlled the media and told people what to think and enforced it just like Trump's control right now
What a joke of a subreddit
Holy shit. You fuck heads in this sub will upvote ANYTHING that shits on trump.  TRUMP I'll take my upvotes.
So one candidate is not only a warmonger, but also helped invading numerous countries and killing their leaders for fun, but another candidate is Hitler somehow.
The article does not claim that Donald is hitler. Why don't you read the article instead of bitching about something you haven't even read?
Yeah, I get it, he's not real Hitler, he's just *like* Hitler.
This is kind of dumb. The premise being that people are convinced of a certain agenda or set of ideas which causing them to vote the person in power, and that person goes on to progress off the deep end could be applied to nearly anyone. It is ironic, because Hillary is actually much closer in terms of "how Hitler was possible." It wasn't so much the progressive extremism that began as something many people agreed with, it was the gradual control over the entire system. This is something Hillary is already involved in. Many have already pointed out uncounted votes and favoritism by the DNC that gave her the nomination over Sanders. Then there are the bizarre accusations that come out perfectly timed at Trump, the favoritism in the media, even the Attorney general making recommendations to the FBI to prevent any harm to her election. She isn't even in yet and she has so much control in the system. THAT is how Hitler came to power. It isn't about the progression of ideals off the end of a cliff, anyone can promise something and go off the deep end. The Key to Hitler's "success" was his complete control over the system, preventing anyone from doing anything about any of it. But, to go along with the bandwagon and the media, this article is based on the idea that Hitler was a bad guy, and so is Trump, so they must be similar. How well thought out...
> It is ironic, because Hillary is actually much closer in terms of "how Hitler was possible." That comment is beyond bizarre in my opinion
And then /u/sidescrollin used the rest of his comment to explain why. It's really not that bizzare.
No u.
Great response. You have far more patience than I ever would in responding to garbage about equating Trump with Hitler. That is an absurd comparison. Funny how Trump has been a public figure for decades, yet has never been attacked like this until he came up against the Clinton smear machine. That anyone would think a comparison of Trump with Hitler would be taken seriously by anyone without a partisan agenda is unbelievable. All it does is help people see how ridiculous the Hillary supporters are being.
I'm surprise by how many say this sub Reddit is bad but yet keep coming back. Are people basing it off of one post? Do they have a better sub reddit that they prefer?
Just watch "The Wave": https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Wave_(2008_film) Pretty good film and a good explanation how something like that can happen.
Holy fuck this website is not optimal for mobile
Not optimal for rational thought either.
I cant wait for Trump to start the Mexican Holocaust and gas chamber all the Muslims and attack China /s
Mussolini and Franco were also fascists.....
I'm by no means a Trump fan but I'm absolutely sick of people comparing him to Hitler. Yes, they were both populists, but the comparisons really stop there. When Trump starts invading other countries and calls for the systematic slaughter of millions, *then* you can call him Hitler, but simply being offensive or crude does not make you Hitler. Calling a candidate you don't like Hitler is not only incredibly childish but it undersells just how horrible Hitler actually was.
This subreddit should be absolutely ashamed. It is disgusting to even suggest that a man who supports bringing jobs back to his nation and a return to prosperity like we had in his youth is akin to one of the most repulsive men in history. Articles like this are why you're going to lose the election. Wanna know why Trump is so popular? Look in the mirror.
Hitler was elected with the promise of nationalized healthcare. The holocaust was made possible by rounding up guns in the name of safety. Just saying.
Welp, something triggered the trumpets
Man, this subreddit is something else.
Delusional leftists
Hey guys did you know that Hitler loved dogs? Well Trump was pictured with a dog a few months ago on the campaign trail. Make of that what you will. Pls ignore the FBI investigation pls.
You clearly didn't read the article.
The greatest generation defeats hitler, then their children vote him into office 70 years later.
This will probably get buried, but the movie "Look Who's Back" does a great job of showing how fascist rhetoric can be quite appealing when done right.
Is Hillary a natural blonde?
That's right, the German people had been shit on and were in a complete rut. Much like the Americans of today. They had no sense of belonging or purpose and Hitler gave them that. And Hitler came from nothing, self educated, taught, a complete nobody to leading an entire nation. But you know, Hitler did holocaust the 28 MIllion Jews so they aren't really comparable.
Why don't ya'll ask Haiti what they think of Hillary Clinton?
Honestly, if you don't understand how Hitler was possible, you should probably go back to high school. It's not really hard to understand
You can draw the Hitler parallel to any popular candidate. THEY ALL HARNESS THE POWER OF WHATEVER...that's called a party platform last I checked. The irony is that people can jump to the Hitler parallel quite easily when someone harnesses the power of their fears...look at ya'll for example.
Lettttt me just reachhhhhhhh
I watched a documentary yesterday about hate groups gaining influence in America. It was pretty good. Got a lot of down votes too, probably because it had the term 'alt-right' in it. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gOsRktPBNhI&feature=share
Trump isn't even a socialist.
Nobody, not even the author of this article, is saying Trump is going to genocide anyone. It's all about how an unqualified and low-moral-character person gains support through nationalism and fairy tales.
What happened to the "when they go low, we go high"? This is so disgusting, how low are you willing to go with this sub?
Thanks to trump, we can better understand how Hillary was possible
And yet no one has mentioned the treaty of Versailles, that ill conceived and overly punitive document had the greatest impact on the German people and created the very foothold for Nazism.
> And yet no one has mentioned the treaty of Versailles, that ill conceived and overly punitive document had the greatest impact on the German people and created the very foothold for Nazism. Beyond popular perception, it really didn't, though. By the late 1920s, Germany was prosperous, and the Nazis were at a low point in their popularity, but then the Great Depression hit. Because German recovery was so tied to US finance, Germany was hit hard, and the Nazis' popularity rose enormously.
The reparations that Germany was forced to pay were unrealistic and the payment schedule would have gone into the 20th century. The German economy suffered from hyper inflation, unemployment and the fact that their military was actually on the offensive when they surrendered. They deserved to punished for their bellicosity however that document sowed the seeds for third Reich to flourish.
muh hitler
I feel by describing everyone you dislike as being like Hitler you really help to water down his atrocities.
Trump and his neckbeard groupies probably see that as a compliment
HAHAHA this is a joke. This sub is a joke.
This is disgusting. Fuck you, r/politics.
And there it is. Trump is now Hitler, huh? Jesus the left is going apeshit.
I'm sorry, but when the left equates Trump to Hitler, it's ok. When Hillary's supporters physically and verbally abuse Trump supporters, it's righteous. When 12 women, with not a shred of evidence, comes forth to claim that Trump molested them, they're being brave. Am I the only one who sees the hypocrisy here?
One of my favorite movies is V for Vendetta. > Good evening, London. >Allow me first to apologize for this interruption. I do, like many of you, appreciate the comforts of every day routine- the security of the familiar, the tranquility of repetition. I enjoy them as much as any bloke. But in the spirit of commemoration, thereby those important events of the past usually associated with someone's death or the end of some awful bloody struggle, a celebration of a nice holiday, I thought we could mark this November the 5th, a day that is sadly no longer remembered, by taking some time out of our daily lives to sit down and have a little chat. >There are of course those who do not want us to speak. I suspect even now, orders are being shouted into telephones, and men with guns will soon be on their way. Why? Because while the truncheon may be used in lieu of conversation, words will always retain their power. Words offer the means to meaning, and for those who will listen, the enunciation of truth. And the truth is, there is something terribly wrong with this country, isn't there? Cruelty and injustice, intolerance and oppression. And where once you had the freedom to object, to think and speak as you saw fit, you now have censors and systems of surveillance coercing your conformity and soliciting your submission. >How did this happen? Who's to blame? Well certainly there are those more responsible than others, and they will be held accountable, but again truth be told, if you're looking for the guilty, you need only look into a mirror. I know why you did it. I know you were afraid. Who wouldn't be? War, terror, disease. There were a myriad of problems which conspired to corrupt your reason and rob you of your common sense. Fear got the best of you, and in your panic you turned to the now high chancellor, Adam Sutler. >He promised you order, he promised you peace, and all he demanded in return was your silent, obedient consent. Last night I sought to end that silence. Last night I destroyed the Old Bailey, to remind this country of what it has forgotten. More than four hundred years ago a great citizen wished to embed the fifth of November forever in our memory. His hope was to remind the world that fairness, justice, and freedom are more than words, they are perspectives. >So if you've seen nothing, if the crimes of this government remain unknown to you then I would suggest you allow the fifth of November to pass unmarked. But if you see what I see, if you feel as I feel, and if you would seek as I seek, then I ask you to stand beside me one year from tonight, outside the gates of Parliament, and together we shall give them a fifth of November that shall never, ever be forgot.< I find the parallels as to how they got to the point where a dude in a Guy Fawkes mask was their last solution to really mirror where we are today. Trump the Adam Sutler of our times.
Thats an awesome headline
Literally Hitler... wow. Millions of pussies in jeopardy of being, I dunno, genocided? WTF /r/politics?
Democrats seem to use more "fear" tactics then anyone else.
That is because they know the platform is trash. Heck is republicans could compare the dems to the confederacy (they were democrats) but we don't.....
How about instead of just jumping to Hitler people have a mature conversation about how most of his supporters feel like government officials are only looking to help themselves and don't give two shits about speaking for the average person. Eh, that's not fun. Never mind. More Trump is Hitler and Hillary is a Benghazi.
"Everybody I don't like is Hitler," the article.
You didn't read the article.
Lmfao wtf is this shit. You people are desperate as fuck it's pathetic
I'm sure that if Trump slowly started getting more aggressive towards other races/women/gays his followers would accept absolutely anything. I deal with a lot of his supports in my line of work, and I'm not even exaggerating.
[deleted]
Oh because Hilary literally controlling the media outlets (social and news), publishing false propaganda against opponents, inciting violence at their opponents gatherings, and killing those who threaten her presidency isn't seen as completely fascist?
No, the fascist guide would be getting support from the ruling class and convince them that your dictatorship would be better then a democracy.
Hitler wasn't that smart, and Trump isn't as dumb as he pretends - it's an act to make the uncritical masses trust him.
I was just thinking this reading his 'google is supressing' BS statements.
Who is Anthony Weiner?
He was a US congressman who was involved in a scandal a few years ago wherein he allegedly sexted photos of himself to women, and by that I think the photo that I saw released was in his underwear with a hardon tenting. I'm sure there's probably a wiki about him, lol.
I thought the title meant Trump exposed the rigged system that would allow a corrupt politician who will destroy anyone in their way to become leader.
Are you referring to the hacking by criminal Russian hackers or the lawbreaking by the Republican head of the FBI?
> hacking by criminal Russian hackers How can you expect anyone to take you seriously?
Lol the Russian conspiracy people are really entertaining
I refer to your comment here about alleged Russian hacker, Wikileaks all but said it was an inside job, and I bet you liked Comey when he said there was nothing to see back in August.
Thanks Drumpf!
It is funny that Haaretz don't understand the rise of Hilter (I guess Israel does a poor job teaching about the politics around the rise of Hitler). Everyone did take Hitler seriously, it was the reason Hitler was able to get back room deals with the German ruling class and the reason for the clashes in the street between Hitler's Sturmabteilung (brownshirts) against the KPD and SPD. It was hard for the German left to ignore Hitler when they were in open battles against his supporters. >He gained much of his oratorical success by telling his audiences what they wanted to hear This is inaccurate, he gained much of his oratorical success by telling the ruling class and their supporters what they wanted to hear along with making the proletariat and their militancy sound scary. Basically Hitler used red scare tactics to create scape goats based on xenophobia and sectarianism. What the majority of Germans wanted to hear was solutions to the material crisis of Germany, Hitler didn't really give them any solution but was able to make his rhetoric sound like a solution, this is a key difference. >But while Hitler was becoming the darling of the masses nonetheless, Did they actual fall for Hitler's spectacle over a half century after the fact? Hitler was not really a populous leader, the German masses did not create Hitler and at worse they were apathetic to his rise, it was the German ruling class were Hitler had most of his support.
Sensationalist garbage headline and I hate the guy too.
Jesus get the fuck out of here with this garbage. Did you know you can like Donald Trump because of think he's a better candidate than Hillary Clinton? It's that easy! I keep seeing this stuff pushed and I think, Oh okay. So you think the only reason I'm voting Trump is because I'm a racist nazi. Not because.... I dislike the TPP and don't believe Clinton would actually stand against it. I dislike Clinton's connections to Saudi Arabia. I dislike Clinton's tenure as Secretary of State. I think it's horrific that she can say in an interview "we came, we saw, he died" about the torture and murder of an African leader. I dislike American involvement in Syria. And Iraq. In fact, I think Clinton has a lot in common with the neocon right. And no, Trump saying "yeah I guess so" about Iraq on the Howard Stern show hardly is him literally using a senate vote to deploy troops. Like another candidate. I dislike her record on fracking. I dislike her connections to shady criminal banks such as Wells Fargo and HSBC. I dislike her high connections to Wall Street. I dislike her connection to Big Pharma and her opposition to marijuana legalization. Shit people, I hope Trump wins and does absolutely nothing for four years. Maybe, just maybe we'll get the lazy left to start doing something again instead of thinking everything is fine and dandy because we have a woman president and gays can get married.
The disconnect between how the left sees Trump supporters vs. the reality is really crazy. I suppose something is true in the opposite direction too. For some reason we prefer echo chambers and hatred of the other group, rather than actually figuring out what's going on.
So you want a lame duck as president. Lol.
I'd rather have a lame duck who stops the TPP and doesn't get us into a war with Russia than an active one who does.
This is akin to conservatives calling Hillary "the devil". Just as irrational, baseless, and stupid.
I feel like we play a game called six steps to Hitler where instead of trying to figure out how everyone is connected to Kevin Bacon, we figure out how everyone in politics is literally Hitler.
>muh hitler maybe if we accuse him of being hitler for the one millionth time, it will fianlly stick. the damage control on this sub is off the charts. thanks for the keks.
You didn't read the article.
*Desperate hours*.
Can someone say "Sensationalist title"
How about trying to refute the point they're making, then. You can even attempt to do it in a few sentences. Annnddd... go!!!
Completely Apt Title.
It's an Israeli newspaper. I think if anyone is allowed to make these comparisons -- heck, has particular insight -- it's them.
Thanks to Trump, we now know what Hitler would have tweeted if he were alive.
I remember thinking there was some weird vibe going on during the Perot campaign. Picked up Albert Speer's Inside the Third Reich again; and after 3 chapters it got downright scary. Now more than ever Google it... the book is a free download PDF now.
This subreddit becomes fucking worse every day. Politics looks like it's filled with autistic assholes.
Yet here you are posting comments.
Yep, every autistic needs an adult to supervise.
> Thanks to Trump, we can better understand how Hitler was possible Um, thanks I guess ... ?
Maybe they should look at examples closer to home, for example  [Netanyahu](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/israel-winner-berlin-film-festival-berlinale-fascist-udi-aloni-netanyahu-a6887486.html).
Literally Hitler
This thread is hilarious because after the CTR upvoted comments it just non CTR employed people laughing at CTR and this fucking joke or a subreddit.
Clinton trump Republican?
Thanks to Hillary, we can see just how fucking corrupt our government is.
What corruption?
Hey, where can I find a job paid by Hilary like yours?
lol /r/politics
I think we can learn a lot more by looking at a person under FBI investigation who can still somehow run.
Interesting so does that mean you lefties agree that america is in some sort of depression and it's a poor shit hole of a country? Because thats part of the reason hitler was able to come to power. Do you guys not think it's fear mongering to tell the world we are being attacked by russia and they are the biggest threat we face because thats literally what hillary is doing. I love the politics double standards.
I see it happening right in front of me, but I'm still no closer to understanding how this happens.
Parallels all over the fucking place. The article points these out and the divergences.
[Amazing how much this has to be used](http://thedeclination.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/everyone-i-dont-like-is-hitler-the-emotional-childs-guide-to-political-discussion-1452799024.jpg)
Thanks to Hillary and Obama, we understand this quote, " When Fascism comes to America, it will (be in the name of/come under the guise of/be called) anti-Fascism"
> When Fascism comes to America, it will ~~(be in the name of/come under the guise of/be called) anti-Fascism~~ wrapped in a flag and carrying a cross.
More like a big UN on the side of a blue helmet.
Opinion pieces that compare X political candidate to Hitler are so lazy that they're not even worth reading. It's not intelligent or insightful to apply the same political strategy that has been trotted out numerous times before (even for this particular candidate).
Ok, you admitted that you didn't read it, so why are commenting here to bitch about something you haven't read? If you would have read the article and explained why it was wrong, then that would be alright, but you're just completely dismissing it based on the headline and bitching about it based only on the headline.
Please point to where I said that I didn't read it. Pro-tip: I didn't.
Let me know when he adds gassing jews to his presidential platform
You either didn't read the article or completely missed the point of the article. It does not claim that Donald is hitler.
I disagree with any comparisons. It's ridiculous.
How exactly are Hitler and Trump similar? You can't even compare them. What a stupid stupid thing to say. Shake your god damn head if you believe this sensationalist garbage. He's a moron, but he is not the god damn fuehrer. This is demeaning to holocaust survivors and those who died at his hands. An all time low for journalism.
Why don't you try reading the article instead of bitching about how you don't understand the very thing that the article explains. The article doesn't even claim that hitler and Donald are the same. He used Donald to help us understand how hitler rose to power because people today don't understand how that could've happened. This isn't demeaning to anybody, so quit whining.
Haha fuck that. The way Hitler came to power was through fear, intimidation. For fuck he sakes he tried to overthrow his own government. This is sensational bullshit to try and shoehorn trumps name into the same sentence as Hitler. Don't pretend it's anything but that
And yet Trump's campaign is predicated entirely on fear. There's the similarity.
They are comparing the status of the country and what transpired to allow someone who had no business being in power to be put into power. But hey, you wouldn't know that reading a headline.
Comparing Trump to Hitler shows a severe lack of knowledge about the latter
You didn't read the article.
r/politics, shitposting harder than the_donald and they do it for fun.
Its one thing to say you hate Trump because of the way he carries himself or lies or political stances or whatever other things but to compare him to Hitler who has killed so many and who has created wars with the world is ridiculous. This article itself is fear mongering, disgraceful and shameful. Even the article itself contradicts its title. Its disgusting clickbait. "And please spare me your “how dare you compare” indignation, if you are so inclined. I do not claim that America is Nazi Germany, that Trump is Hitler or that another Holocaust is just around the corner. "
Godwin much?
Showed the front page of politics to all my class mates when they asked why I think MSM and Reddit is bought out. Yeah, 50 people on the trump train just like that. #hillaryforprison
r/thathappened
Lol hard to believe a college student on a big campus knows 50 people? Maybe you should get out more
Yes, thanks Donald! We can now easily see who all the nazis are who support a crooked, corrupt joke like Clinton. Plain to see, right here on /r/politics. (Of course, they get very fragile about it when you point it out)
Clinton is a corrupt war hawk and if her opponent wasn't a fascist* I would never consider advocating in her favour. Unfortunately the Republican nominee is Donald Trump, so I have no choice but to argue that she's the lesser of two evils. *I am not using the term lightly. Trump is a racist corporatist nationalist who has repeatedly stated he plans on violating the constitution and committing war crimes [among many other things](https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughTrumpSpam/comments/4teoxl/a_final_response_to_the_tell_me_why_trump_is_a/).
Honestly I'd rather have a criminal than the pope pushing Donald's policies. It just helps that Donald is a shit human being and has shit policies to back it up with. Policies > Person
Donald is a failure on policies and person. The only thing he has going for him is charisma. People love charisma, more than facts apparently.
That was almost clever. 3/10. **LOL** With your one day old account. Let down your Alts mrtrolley, let us see who you *really* are.
Yes! We have officially come full circle. Back to the "Trump is literally Hitler" tactics, I see?
GTFO of here if you are being paid to post here. You are actually making liberals look very bad, which will have negative effects in the long term. If you keep this up, people will lose respect for the Democratic party the same as they already have for the Republicans. You are thinking short-term only, helping your candidate for this election (questionable), but doing massive harm to the party in the long run.
Get out if you're a bot.
I don't think Trump is comparable to Hitler but he certainly make it easier to understand how it happened. It's both frightening and fascinating. Fortunately, the world is Lucky Trump is an incompetent, narcissistic clown. Now imagine a cunning, focused version of him with a great orator talent. That's HOW it happened.
Hillary = Hitler + Mussolini + Madoff
a better name for this sub is Hitler REDDIT EXPERTS / S
Fuck this shitehole of a sub. Upvoting utter tripe such as this article is disgusting. I'd expect better from a Jewish newspaper. Cheapening the horror of the Holocaust just because they don't like Trump's policies. This sub is a fucking disgrace.
They aren't cheapening anything. They're using Donald to help explain how hitler rose to power. You'd know this if you had read the article.
A 70 year old billionaire businessman is going to take over the world and start WW3. Oh what about the warmonger Hillary Clinton that went into Libya and armed random rebel groups in Syria? That doesn't count? Oh ok. Hurr durr Drumpf is literally Hitler!!!!11
Time to break this out again. http://imgur.com/gallery/SjQclIQ
Except the article doesn't claim that Donald is hitler. The article uses Donald to help understand how hitler rose to power. You clearly didn't read the article.
Surely the 48,947th time we can Trump Hilter it will stick.
You didn't read the article.
Yeah what do Jews know about the rise of Hitler
We get it. Trump is Hitler. Hillary Clinton is a corrupt Latin American government official. They're both terrible choices. We get it.
Trump is not hitler. But Hitler's rise to power is eerily similar to how Trump become a GOP presidential candidate despite being a womanizer, liar, and a registered democrat until 2009. Not to mention, his ex wife once said he would keep a book of Hitler speeches near his bed.
> Hillary Clinton is a corrupt Latin American government official. that is based only on lies being told by Republicans Other than that, your on point
Ha. That's why the email case has been reopened. Giant meteor 2016!
It's a topic because the Republican head of the FBI broke the law and defied his bosses and sent a partisan-driven letter to his Republican allies in Congress.
Which had nothing to do with 500k from the Clinton foundation....
Democracy now reported it.
A claim without a link
http://www.democracynow.org/topics/honduras Literally democracy now
Yet it doesn't in any way shape or form support your false claim
It might help to learn whatever you're attempting to believe I'm claiming and I can point it out to you on the front page. DN reported it, it's on the page.
> Trump is Hitler. Hillary Clinton is a corrupt Latin American government official Trump is closer to a caudillo than Hillary Clinton
>Hillary Clinton is a corrupt Latin American government official She's bought out by the CIA to serve US interests in the region?
I love it when the sheer number of similarities makes it impossible _not_ to go full Godwin on someone.
Trump = literally Hitler
Humpler confirmed.
History shows that the opulence of the White Tiger Emperor compared to his poor populace was the trigger of how Marshal Cid Alstyne garnered complete support from the entire people and organized a bloodless Coup. Trump is no different from Kefka. I mean they both have obnoxious laughter, ffs
"Hitler had the right idea, he was just an underachiever." -Bill Hicks
Winning.
What is missing here is the analysis of if Hitler was wrong, and if Trump is wrong
Hitler was Eloquent passionate and he actually did improve the economy to garner support. Trump just says dumb shit
dae le trump is le hitler xDDddd white male
ITT: A bunch of people who think Hitler did nothing wrong get salty about their candidate being compared to Hitler.
If someone believed that the US is currently allowing a holocaust of unborn children, which would be the logical candidate to vote for?
Can I add brexit to this list?
Hillary is the one who has control of the media and support from the weapons manufacturers.
Ouch, but I agree.
>haaretz
I despise Trump, but comparing him to Hitler is completely idiotic. Hitler at least had an ethos, even if was a horrific one. If we're doing a proper comparison, Trump is most likely using the Presidency as an ego boost, maybe even using the Presidency as a way of getting out of trouble with the Russians. He'd probably use the Presidency to enrich himself and his cronies, maybe get into a sex scandal or two, and diminish the statute of the United States on the world stage. In that way, a more proper comparison would be to Silvio Berlusconi.
This is exactly what Obama did, too. We already have a Hitler example.
Hmm... Did Obama use anti-semitic dog whistles to attack the press? Did you use short, simple language to appeal to lesser-educated voters? Did he claim that America is falling apart and ask his supporters to look back on the "glory days" of the past?
The was The One that was going to save us and fix everything. The press were/are in love with him so they were in effect his propaganda ministry. Then the demagoguery against police and political opposition became more prevalent in his speeches than his fake hope and change message he rode to the white house.
1. Although some may have thought that Obama is "The One", and he did more or less say he was going to fix things... this is what all politicians do. The press may have liked him or not... debatable. But he never commited "demagoguery" against police. The opposition questioned whether Obama is an American, and whether or not he is Muslim. 2. This was not the path of Hitler nor Trump. Hitler maligned the press. Hitler talked about a time when Germany was great in the past. Hitler blamed a minority group for the troubles German had. I believe you either didn't analyze this, or you didn't read the article. Either way, you probably should get off the internet.
Hillary reminds me how Watergate was possible.
Well this is the last post I read from this subreddit.
This sub is so pathetic.
this is asinine
or instead of making up moronic bullshit you could look in a history book
OMG ....... people .. It's what the next govt brings us to that allows
How many Hitlers do we have running things around the world at this point, I lose track? Putler, Drumpf, Kim Jong Un, Duterte... You'd think a Jewish outlet would be the last to trivialize Hitler's actions and the Holocaust, but hey what's your dignity compared to a catchy headline?
This should facilitate a polite, rational discussion.
DAE Trump is Hitler
Even if Trump loses, he's show a viable path for authoritarians to destroy America. His rhetoric about rigged elections is removing trust in Democracy. Someone in the future who's not as incapable at building a power base will do so in the near future unless we take countermeasures now. Countermeasures should be focused on restoring faith in the democratic process and fair governance, however, with wikileaks showing how much the American public can't stand the sight of sausage being made, I fear that such countermeasures will not happen.
Articles and comparisons like this are an insult to all who served, suffered or died on account of Hitler.
To quote the article: > And please spare me your “how dare you compare” indignation, if you are so inclined. I do not claim that America is Nazi Germany, that Trump is Hitler or that another Holocaust is just around the corner. But the blanket ban on using the most discussed, most debated and most researched issue of the 20th century as a reference point for viewing current events is, in my view, beyond ridiculous.
In other words, "I'm making the comparison and don't criticize me for doing it."
The reason why comparisons to Hitler are (rightfully) shunned, is that a lot of lazy people use them to shut down discussion. Their logic is: "You're Hitler, you're unspeakably evil, so you're automatically wrong, which means I'm right by default. Ha!" That's not what the author of this article is doing though. And the quote from my previous post makes the - in my view - not unreasonable point that the word "Hitler" should not automatically invalidate an argument and that there can be value in examining how strong the parallels really are and what their nature is.
I think it was already obvious. Too bad when Trump loses, none of the problems that led to his rise will be fixed and we'll be back in this position next election.
What problems are those?
...Read the article?
nah
You should be thanking Hillary. It's proven she controls most of the mainstream media. She's paid for people to incite riots so the media she paid for would cover it. The Clinton Foundation is funded by global elites to further political agendas benefitting them. She's paid off people in plethora of government agencies to avoid criminal charges and is now under FBI INVESTIGATION AGAIN and STILL RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT!! But Trump said he'd grab a pussy so he must be the next Hitler. Psssshhh bitch please.
but trump is hitler~!!!!!
DAE "DAE 'but trump is hitler~!!!!'" He sure acts like him.
like inciting violence at rallies?
*sigh*
you can't recall?
At least he doesn't pay thugs in Chicago to kill people who disagree with him.
There is literally not a single fact in this comment. Incredible.
[Oh really?](http://thefreethoughtproject.com/wikileaks-10-most-damning-clinton-emails-media). [Because I'm pretty sure](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/politics/clintons-raised-nearly-2-billion-for-foundation-since-2001/2015/02/18/b8425d88-a7cd-11e4-a7c2-03d37af98440_story.html). [You have no idea what you're talking about](https://www.google.com/amp/amp.usatoday.com/story/92889594).That's 3 separate links in case you didn't notice.
Most of the first link is normal for campaigns to make sure journalists have their facts straight. The only email out of the ordinary is the implication about the single CNN question, and even then it doesn't directly prove anything and I would even question its credibility as a non-fraudulent email. On the second link, anyone can donate to a charity, the Clinton Foundation spends 88% of what it gets on charitable programs, with a 12% overhead, and is rated an A by charity watch: https://www.charitywatch.org/ratings-and-metrics/bill-hillary-chelsea-clinton-foundation/478 On third link, your original wording: >is now under FBI INVESTIGATION AGAIN She is not under FBI investigation *again*, "Clarifying: Comey doesn’t say the FBI is reopening the Clinton investigation per se, rather that it’s assessing newly found emails." - http://www.snopes.com/2016/10/28/fbi-reopening-clinton-e-mail-investigation/ But I partially take back what I originally said, you had one partial fact laced with a lie, >The Clinton Foundation is funded by global elites The Clinton Foundation is indeed partially funded by very successful people, as are many major charities, as very successful people have a lot more money to give.
You can close your eyes while someone is robbing you but it doesn't change the fact your money will be gone when you open them. You think Haitians would give the Clinton Foundation an A rating? I'm sure if you looked hard enough you could find an article about how they paid off the ratings guy too.
>You can close your eyes while someone is robbing you but it doesn't change the fact your money will be gone when you open them. Are you referring to [Trump not paying his contractors](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/elections/2016/06/09/donald-trump-unpaid-bills-republican-president-laswuits/85297274/)? Or are you referring to [Trump University](http://www.politico.com/story/2016/06/eric-schneiderman-trump-university-fraud-223812)? >I'm sure if you looked hard enough you could find an article about how they paid off the ratings guy too. And yet you haven't. I'll fact check my facts for you: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/jul/20/phil-ruffin/businessman-friend-donald-trump-says-he-always-pay/ http://www.factcheck.org/2016/03/trump-universitys-d-rating/
[10 second google search](http://www.americanthinker.com/blog/2016/09/behind_that_four_stars_rating_for_the_clinton_foundation_from_charity_navigator.html)
Not that either of the sources there are even reliable, but this is also the wrong charity rating organization, I linked https://www.charitywatch.org/ratings-and-metrics/bill-hillary-chelsea-clinton-foundation/478 Your poor source talks about http://www.charitynavigator.org/ Do you see the difference in these website names? Charity *watch* vs charity *navigator*. Watch vs navigator. Do you see the difference?
Are you 12?
se llama Demagogue y fear mongering
Talk about seeing a glass as half full.
Tbh I don't really see any connection between the two. The reason this idiot is gaining power is because of other people's stupidity and ignorance (especially in a world where information is a second away wherever you are). The reason Hitler got his power was because people were in a desperate situation (mass poverty, abuse from the winning countries, amongst other things) and he killed a lot of those who opposed him. Oh and this was over many years, not a single election.
This goes to show there is no length to which Donald Trump will not go to educate America's children. /sarcasm off
The only similarity between Hitler and Trump is the incredible love his people have for him. Hitler would have been considered the greatest military commander in history if it wasn't for that whole "Jewish question" thing.
And if he hadn't y'know, gotten his shit rocked.
Yeah, that 1000 year Reich lasted, what, about 12? And ended with Berlin in literal rubble.
dae trump=hitler
Thanks to Hilary as well, same lesson.
What a laughable headline. Okay, so, maybe we should look at history: "Make America Great again vs. Make Germany Great again claim" This is a terrible analogy, as America and Germany are nowhere near the same level of circumstances to make an accurate comparison, as if our need to Make America Great Again is anywhere close to the need Germany had. Germany after WWI, the Weimar Republic, was an _extremely_ unstable government, incomparable to the United States - different post-war circumstances, different political ideologies, different form of government, different political climate. I'm not going to pontificate here, [read](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Weimar_Republic) for yourself. Anyone with a brain would understand that simple speech tropes do not influence a populace to such a degree as Hitler did without real, dire circumstances, as existed in Post-WWI Germany, so the notion that _we_, being exposed to similar speech tropes, are somehow in any sort of close predisposition to become a Hitler-ran, Nazi-like society, based solely on speech tropes and fear mongering, is the most anti-history, flagrantly unrealistic argument I have heard in a long, long time. Trump is not Hitler, and is not even close to Hitler - he can't be, given our current societal paradigm compared to Post-WWI Germany. If anything authoritarian is going to happen after this election, it is when Secretary Clinton bans assault weapons, holds gun manufacturers accountable for gun crimes, and generally tries to weaken our 2nd amendment rights - the natural right to protect oneself from government tyranny. It's nuts how speech tropes are more dangerous and Nazi-like than a planned, calculated disarmament of the populace at large.
I immediately knew where I'd seen this guy. The tattoo looks like a pretty clear match. http://imgur.com/a/xGCSA
Yall realize whoever wins were gona have to be a united country again after this. Maybe let's tone down the "your candidate is literally Hitler" rhetoric. It's this sort of talk that's gonna make these divides harder to bridge on November 9th.
waaaaaah.
I've been thinking this as well. Imagine if Trump was a tiny bit smarter and slightly more subtle in his remarks. And if the economy was doing just a little bit worse. I could absolutely see a Hitler type situation happen here.
You could see genocide? Indoctrination camps for children with desirable traits? Medical experiments and torture on prisoners in concentration camps? Fuck Trump, but fuck this mindset too. It's an insult to the people who lived through and fought an absolute monster.
I don't know man. There are some militias out there just ready for some action. Imagine if Trump were in charge and a huge terrorist attack happened and Muslims got in through the southern border. I'm not saying it would happen on the scale of what happened in Germany but I no longer think the USA is so morally superior that it could never happen. 50% if the country seems fine with the fascist stuff is saying.
At least Donald Trump shares biblical values, unlike his opponent.
I don't know about that.
This is not to say that comparisons between the rise of Donald Trump and the ascent of Adolf Hitler are inappropriate. On the contrary: Such analogies may be light years from perfect, but they are hardly misplaced.
Hitler? Not yet. But Trump is definitely America's version of Hugo Chavez. There's still time for him to aspire to Hitler....
I completely detest Trumps rhetoric but there is no equivalence to Hitler and comparing the two is frankly ridiculous
You didn't read the article.
The Jews were peaceful loving people who worked hard and committed virtually no crime to little crime. Illegals generally are rapists. Over 65 - 80 % of illegal women coming to the states are raped on their path to the us. Liberals argue accurately that rapes are under reported all over the work, especially in places like the US or Mexico so that statistic is actually worse. We don't want that in our country, rapists need to hold OUT OUT OUT OUT. Also there are vast numbers of Muslims who are committing acts of terror destabilizing countries all over the world. As a trump supporter we are against things we see with our own eyes and are against scapegoating innocent people. As a trump supporter I'd love to have an honest conversation with you guys. Literally calling someone Hitler ruins your arguments
> Illegals generally are rapists. Over 65 - 80 % of illegal women coming to the states are raped on their path to the us. as a thought exercise, could you imagine at least one reason why the first sentence is not by necessity causally linked to the second?
Further, most undocumented immigrants in the US simply overstay their visas, and do not, contrary to popular belief, cross the border illegally with 'coyotes.' Sadly, Trump's demagoguery has whipped up a flurry of anger and resentment that remains rather impervious to calm discussions of the facts.
Not how it's possible, how it's already here = Hillary + Obama. All that's missing on these two is the mustache.
Yes, cause you people are electing Hertler right now.
as someone who has had large portions of his family affected by hitler, I find these articles in severe bad taste as trump is not even in the league or mind you same game as Hitler. Hitler committed massive amounts of genocide, trump has run for president. there has been no night of the long knives, and those "brown shirts" have been paid democratic party trouble makers. these articles are dangerous and cheapen the genocide that was committed against my family.
ITT: a lot of people that didn't read the article and assume it says that Trump is literally Hitler
The amount of salt from Trump supporters in this thread could keep every single McDonalds in America fully stocked for ten years.
ITT: Salty Trump supporters
I think there was more to Hitler than uttering populist one-liners. The real story is how Clinton locked down the election by having the shadiest primary and probably helping Trump take the nomination of the only viable party she would have to face. When the will of the people cannot stop someone from getting into the highest office then what kind of democracy is it.
The DNC helped Hillary win the primary just like the RNC tried to stop Donald. The only difference is we have proof that the DNC helped Hillary. The political parties have always done shit like this. It's how politics work. Did you read the whole article? The article doesn't say that hitler only used populist one liners to win. The will of the people chose Donald and Hillary. You may not like that, but that is who the people chose.
they're both very unpopular, so I don't know how you can call that the will of the people. Isn't it obvious that a system generating unpopular candidates isn't representative?
Well, you have to consider the relatively small number of eligible Americans who participate in the primary processes. [According to Pew, around 57 million Americans participated across both parties' primaries.](http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/06/10/turnout-was-high-in-the-2016-primary-season-but-just-short-of-2008-record/) [Clinton beat Sanders by about 17 million votes to 13.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Results_of_the_Democratic_Party_presidential_primaries,_2016) In the GOP contest, Trump won with 14 million votes. So, you can see how a small portion of the country ultimately determined the present candidates, both of whom are historically unpopular overall. So, while the results do seem to indicate that the system is unrepresentative, that has more to do with anemic participation on the part of voters than outright corruption.
Onse herd stori of rish nation called Amerika. Voted for Trump, Hilary won, all get sent to gulag. No potato, only rock.
I'm not American, but it sure looks like you guys are living the nightmare lead-up. People may make the comparison to many others (hell, even Obama,) but Trump bears more than a passing resemblance.
The holocaust is a blatant hoax.
So I guess once he's elected Poland better watch out.
Americans will kill a dictator. That's why we have the second amendment.
The flag of Virginia (where I currently live) shows a drawing of Virtus standing over Caesar's corpse. The motto is "sic semper tyrannis", which means "Thus always to tyrants". https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flag_and_seal_of_Virginia
didn't work for the slaves in Virginia
[???](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/993/875/084.png)
And thanks to the left we can actually watch a jewish mass exodus in Europe. If you want to call Trump Hitler, you may want to take a look in the mirror when your policies actually allow anti-semitism to spread and foster. We can actually look at the growing racial divide under 8 years of Obama as an account of grievance culture, we actually have black students with their white allies calling for segregation now.
Erm, what the European Left is doing isn't really related to the Republicans vs Democrats stuff in the USA
Idiot.
Is literally anything I said wrong? Like factually wrong and not just your feelings.
I like how you guys always assume that it is just "hurt feelings" that drive our analysis of these things, rather then maybe your wrong, wacko crap that actually has an effect on the lives of many people.
I like how you assume you know anything about my policies. Also you didn't exactly refute that what I said was wrong. Also what does hurt feelings have to do with a Jewish Mass exodus cause of the growing anti-semitism from immigration, what does hurt feelings have to do with people literally trying to segregate our colleges cause of grievance culture.
