As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil) * Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks) * Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail. * In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users. * Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not. Incivility results in escalating bans from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own. *** *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
> "My entire life, I've watched politicians bragging about how poor they are, how they came from nothing, how poor their parents and grandparents were. And I said to myself, if they can stay so poor for so many generations, maybe this isn't the kind of person we want to be electing to higher office. How smart can they be? They're morons." Start with a small one million dollar loan, get bailed out by Daddy with gifts worth several more millions, then lose a billion dollars in one year. That would make you smart!
Hey he is not paying taxes, that makes him smart.
Ok I know this is a joke, but I fucking hate this million dollar loan misconception. 1) Trump was already president of the Trump Organization for years by the time this story happened. His success was in no way, shape, or form built on this loan. 2) He already had a net worth of dozens of millions thanks to dear old daddy. 3) It wasn't a million dollar loan from daddy, it was a million dollars as a guarantor in order to help him secure an additional $70M in loans from a few different NYC banks. Daddy cosigned with him effectively by ponying up some of his own cash the same way a fratboy lists mom and dad on his rental application.
So it wasn't a million dollar loan, it was a 70 million dollar loan?
Yes and you don't get a $70M loan obviously unless you're worth much much more than that, so it's not even what got him or the Trump Organization started in any way at all. Also he never did business on his own ever aside from some stupid thing he tried when he was 18 or 19 that went tits up. He was always within the Trump Organization from around age 21 onwards. The entire "loan story" is a complete and utter lie. Read his Wiki page, it establishes timelines better than I am.
Turning 1 million into [alegedly] a billion is actually more impressive. Not sure why people like to recite it.
Turning $1M into $1B would indeed be extremely impressive like you said. Unfortunately that's not at all what happened, so it doesn't matter.
No, no, you got it wrong. Trump was being smart when he lost that 900 million!
He was smart enough to know some loop holes to get the public to pay for his debt. That's about it.
He still knows how to make money hand over fist, it's just that it's not all that much once you account for the size of his hands.
The fact that I make better financial decisions than him should make me mega wealthy right?
Yes! Just be born a mega-millionaire and then be famous. You're set!
No he doesn't. He's a barely billionaire, because he's been floating on the name Trump that his father built up before him. It's like saying you know how to sail because you're floating in the life boat from your Daddies Yacht after you crashed it into a reef.
I don't think we're actually disagreeing.
Fucking hell that quote. Perfectly captures the expression "born on third base, thinks he hit a triple".
I saw the best ever on twitter: "Donald Trump was born on third base, acting like he invented baseball."
He was born on third base and thinks he hit a home run.
I think he was born on third base thinking he'd like to grab the coach's pussy even though she's only an 8.
While running to 2nd as fast as he can.
He was born on third base and thinks he invented baseball.
The difference between starting a business with money and starting one with no money is that money allows room for mistakes.
It allows you to be a total failure as a business man and still run for president.
Not a total failure. Just several disappointing as compared to an S&P Index fund.
That sounds like failure to me.
Not total though. Total would be dying in a cardboard box. That's where he's heading, but he's not there yet.
Whoa now, he needs to be found dead in a ditch somewhere to be a total failure. At least if he dies in a cardboard box he at least wasn't ran out of town to die alone, cold, wet, and probably won't be discovered for like 2 or 3 weeks, and with the cardboard box he was at least trying to survive, a total failure would be someone who's given up all hope and doesn't even try anymore.
Also, money makes money. Returns on your investments can't happen if you don't have investments to start with.
And it's very hard to put aside seed money when jobs don't even pay enough to survive.
$1bn worth of mistakes
Trump would have 95% of his supporters forcibly removed if they were loitering in the lobbies of his hotels.
When you inherit your wealth the only defense is to call those who didn't, morons.
I can't believe how stupid I was to not have been born to multi-millionaires. Poor judgment on my part. I don't recommend it to others.
IKR?! All those babbys up in heaven looking down, deciding where to be born... Some of them decide to be born in places like Somalia or Syria! Get a brain, morans!
So why again do his supporters think he's gonna stand up for the average citizen, against the elites?
Because their hatred of Democrats is similar to racism. They will never, ever vote for a Democrat no matter what.
They don't. They just think they'll be elite like him. It worked for Zimbabwe. Everybody there [is a multi-billionaire](http://nomadcapitalist.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/zimbabwe-currency-revaluation-100-trillion-hyperinflation.jpg).
Im basing that on the_donald and their whole #draintheswamp slogan.
What does that even mean anyway? Because now Trump is saying it as well.
I think it originally referred to his plan to have term limits for congress.
He's already called taxpayers stupid.
He called people [in Iowa stupid too](https://www.bostonglobe.com/news/politics/2015/11/13/how-stupid-are-people-iowa-trump-asks-while-blasting-carson/o3RJKigUQyqzjU9U8skVuO/story.html)
poor people are morons for not being born to millionaires.
Classic mistake.
Beginners mistake. Technically pre-beginners mistake.
More than that, their as yet unborn kids and grandkids will also be morons, as they are genetically inferior to Trump.
>And I said to myself, if they can stay so poor **for so many generations, maybe this isn't the kind of person we want to be electing to higher office. How smart can they be? They're morons.** Lol so Trump's intellectual dimness isn't particularly relavent, he comes from *generations* of smart people. His ancestors were smart and everyone needs to realize how important that is to have smart rich ancestors. So even though he's lost probably 80% of his fortune of the last 25 years and has devoted his life to being a sexual assault artist, he and his father and grandfather are *collectively* smart.
I'm sure they have a *collective* IQ of 180.
If you're not rich, he wants nothing to do with you. America, he doesn't even want to be around you.
Even if you are rich. He only cares about himself and his kids... well, maybe not Tiffany.
She knows. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=qfUPrhGf7ac
You've got to remember that these are just simple farmers. These are people of the land. The common clay of the new West. You know... morons.
Don the Con projecting again
He's right, they're voting for him
Why is Donald Trump calling himself a moron? Is that common in narcissistic individuals?
Born on third, thinks he hit a triple.
Gonna have to be a lot more specific.
Doesn't matter. The poor people who are voting for Trump don't think of themselves as poor people. It would be like giving a speech to a huge crowd of people and saying "we'll have tax breaks for gifted programs so that kids with above average intelligence can attend for free." 90% of the people in that crowd will assume their kids would fit into that.
Just stop being poor
There is a reason his average supporter makes 70k and poor people support Clinton. EDIT: The reason is because poor people aren't morons.
Yeah, right....
I think a more convincing demographic to compare would be highest level of education. Clinton does very well with those earning below $30k because they're disproportionately black.
That time the Clintons stole money from poor people to rebuild their homes. Then a hurricane came a hundreds died.
>I tried to check this out, but was not successful. Therefore, it's unproven. However, I have little doubt it happened! This is from an easily debunked email from Grandma. Seems like it applies here
Boy I dunno, the letters FWD in the title mean it's true, Grandma takes this shit very very seriously.
They really are morons if they think voting for another Clinton will help them.
Oh shit, why would anyone want the economic prosperity of the Clinton year's back? What a disaster!
Well if she's anything like her husband I'm prepared for eight years of peace and prosperity
He's not wrong. It's why most of them repeatedly vote Democrat. And they are still poor.
Just like the poor white people who vote Republican.
