As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil) * Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks) * Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail. * In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users. * Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not. Incivility results in escalating bans from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own. *** *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Huma is a Saudi Spy.
What's interesting to me is how this headline will appear differently to both sides. One is going to see it as evidence the FBI head is going rouge and trying to influence the election against the will of his supperiors to suit his own ends. The other will see it as the DOJ trying to suppress information the voters should know before they vote. I think the FBI made a mistake by being so vague in the letter and basically saying "Hey we think she's guilty now before we've even examined this new evidence." But I also think that voters should be informed of everything regarding the candidates before they vote. Saying "Don't inform the voters of that, it'll influence the election" is a dangerous precident. And I'm a Hillary supporter.
Both can be true!
The other idea is how it seems it could be worse then it seems. To go against it may mean more evidence
> the FBI head is going rouge I always thought they could use a little colour.
Comey flames out so fast if it is found out he had evidence of wrongdoing and said nothing and Clinton won. He did the right thing but the way he worded that letter was poor.
> Saying "Don't inform the voters of that, it'll influence the election" is a dangerous precident. Not releasing information of an investigation that would influence the election *is* the precedence. The reason you don't publicly disclose investigation information before you've found anything is that simply being investigated is enough to tarnish someone. There is implied guilt. Comey knows this and is aware of the influence of it on the election. And no new information has actually been found yet. It will take weeks for that to happen. In my opinion, this sets a dangerous precedence because it doesn't actually inform the voters of anything. It's a political move with huge electoral influence.
I agree that Comey made a huge mistake with this (I don't think he was trying to swing election, I think he just has a weird transparency fetish and stepped right in dogshit trying to scratch that itch), but your comment is why I think this news isn't going to ultimately impact the race much. It seems late enough that people are too galvanized either way.
It's funny how both could also be true.
why is you supporting hillary relevant to the rest of your argument
> Saying "Don't inform the voters of that, it'll influence the election" is a dangerous precident. Right. The decision not take action _also_ would have influenced the election. It is not the DOJ's place to decide if information about a candidate is relevant to a voter like myself. Comey was in a lose-lose situation because he would have been criticized at least as much if/when it later came to light he suppressed this information. For the sake of autonomy in deciding what is relevant to me, and as a general proponent of transparency, I think Comey did the right thing.
They found 650,000 emails in a folder named "Life Insurance". Huma is nowhere to be found Obama is cancelling campaign events I wouldn't cast your vote just yet.
The was no mistake in the vagueness. The FBI director deliberately chose to influence the election by interjecting and saying nothing. This is the equivalent of saying "Hilary MIGHT be a child molester, but I have no evidence of that." It's insinuation without evidence, plain and simple. The FBI literally said 'they have something that MIGHT be evidence, but might not be.' What is that? That's basically the same as no evidence at all. In any other context, at any other time, for any other person- would this statement mean absolutely anything?
According to the FBI they found the new material already in early October and only now decided to go through it. This comes months after they closed the case on Clinton because of lack of evidence of any wrongdoing.
> Saying "Don't inform the voters of that, it'll influence the election" is a dangerous precident. And I'm a Hillary supporter. Interfering with and influencing the election 11 days out is a more dangerous precedent. Do we need to start having a fourth debate at FBI headquarters or what? Because that's not their role and it is unprecedented.
He just informed congressional committee, it really is nothing substantive and media is to blame that it even hit the news cycle. Clinton tape about "we shouldn't allow elections in Palestine, or if we did we should have been sure our guys would win" is far more relevant.
The dangerous precedent is recognizing incriminating allegations before evidence had been gathered and charges have been filed. ANYONE can make allegations, produce false evidence, or otherwise try to manipulate law enforcement to suit their own ends; it's fundamental to our nation to vet ALL information, much less substantiated information that could reasonably be called EVIDENCE, before filling charges, and Jesus h Christ it goes without saying that you God can will FILE CHARGES before tossing around vague accusations. The fact that so many of you don't see THIS as the dangerous precedent is the very ignorance and stupidity why we're on that cusp of electing far right wing demagogue literally and blatantly in the pocket of our biggest adversary. WHAT THE EVER LIVING FUCK???
A conspiracy theorist or paranoid freak (your pick) will now that letter was meant for the public. A much better solution would have been just to pen the letter and not add that tidbit in there. I think he was not sure if there would be return on that so he gave it a little push.
> But I also think that voters should be informed of everything regarding the candidates before they vote Well this is the problem, we were not informed of anything pertinent here. We don't even know if any of the emails were related to Clinton at all. It was speculation, not information. The letter was dangerously irresponsible.
Hopefully the FBI won't go bleu eventually!
There were joke patch notes a few years ago where they said the rogue class was being renamed to rouge to avoid confusion.
I don't think anyone on the left is accusing him of going rogue. I think they're accusing him of reckless endangerment, and making a thoughtless mistake. Comey doesn't want to play politics, but he to cover his own ass he violated internal policy and manipulated a presidential election
but keeping it secret would also be manipulating a presidential election. The voters have a right to know. How many of you could honestly say that Lynch would have the same mindset if this same situation were in Trump's lap? Bullshit. Everyone on earth would be supporting Comey for doing his civic duty and making sure voters were aware of who they were voting for, election be damned. I mean, jesus. Everyone is pointing the finger at the director of the FBI as to whether or not he's right in revealing a criminal investigation of Hillary 11 days before her supposed election. But why is no one pointing at finger at Hillary for doing things that would put her under criminal investigation of the FBI? Comey is the messenger here, in a sense. How the hell can he be the one people are so angry with when it's the candidate's job to be a law abiding public servant and not perform criminal acts that put her under investigation in the first place.
Comey is a democrat. He must have been pressured from FBI agents that have his weird aversion to allowing a criminal enterprise into the WhiteHouse.
Comey is literally a lifelong Republican. Like literally his entire life.
http://www.politico.com/blogs/james-comey-testimony/2016/07/what-party-is-james-comey-registered-as-225223
The voters don't have any right to know. They have a right to know if she is indicted. They have a right to know if she is convicted. They have no right to know if she is merely being investigated. Any claim that they do absolutely flies in the face of the presumption of innocence. Any indication that she is being investigated will be immediately taken as a sign that she is guilty of something, as has happened through this whole debacle, not mentioning the Benghazi debacle that also convinced people she was 'guilty' despite being cleared of wrongdoing by the committee.
Good points. Also I believe it's fair to point out many Bernie supporters didn't want her to get the nomination because they didn't want to run someone under investigation by the FBI. Whether or not Corey is going rogue or the emails mean nothing, we still have a nominee being investigated by the FBI, which was an incredibly risky move in the first place.
You do realize that you being under investigation for something doesn't necessarily have anything to do with if you did that something or not, right? I think that's the big issue here. Implied guilt due to the existence of an investigation. No charges. Certainly no conviction. Seems like this really *shouldn't* have any bearing on the election... At least, not yet. Unfortunately, we won't know if it should or shouldn't be an issue until well after the election is over. But, until then, it seems wrong to let the implication of guilt vis a vis the opening of an investigation become a major factor. To me it's a pretty dangerous precedent to set, with the possibility of zero guilt still firmly planted on the table.
Because innocent until proven guilty? Its sort of the cornerstone of the juidicial system
What do the voters have a right to know? The investigation wasn't officially closed. It was ongoing. So what do the voters have a right to know? Nothing is known bout this new development other than its not from the deleted emails.
That's why we know about all the things the FBI is investigating about Trump. ...Oh wait. We don't because standard procedure is to not talk about ongoing investigations. Unless it's about Hillary and you're mad that you failed to get her for Whitewater.
I thought he did this because he was legally obligated to inform whoever that the testimony he gave ("no more emails to review") was no longer accurate... Not because voters have a right to know things.
The director of the FBI is a member of the executive branch. He in no way, shape, or form reports to Congress. Congress does not have the power to compel him to keep Congress updated on ongoing investigations into their political rivals.
Well fuck him then.
This has been passed around, but I've yet to see any reason for this to be true. If anyone would know it would be the DOJ, and they seemed to have advised against it. If the DOJ counseled the FBI director to do something illegal, that would be the scandal of the century. In Comey's letter to the FBI, he wrote, "I believe it is important to update your Committees about our efforts in light of my previous testimony." That's quite different from saying he's obligated to. If his actions had such a clear and uncontroversial motive as being legally required, why is he being so dodgy?
It's not a black and white line, but sometimes caution needs to be made before thrusting someone into a negative public light before you even examine all the evidence. Take for example the Dominique Strauss-Khan, former head of the IMF, situation a few years back. He was accused of rape by a maid at a New York hotel and his semen was found in his room. The office jumped straight into arresting him on his plane before he took off and made him do the "perp walk" in front of the press. This was before doing a thorough investigation to see if the woman's claim had any merit or any other evidence outside of his semen being found on the carpet and that he left his cellphone behind. The result was that he lost his position as the head of the IMF and was pretty much put under house arrest (he posted bail) in New York for some time. The end result? After further review they found out the maid's story was highly suspect and she had a very dishonest background to begin with, therefore the office had a press release dropping all charges over a month after they arrested him. Is Dominique Strauss-Khan morally wrong for having sexual relations with the maid while being married? Certainly. Was he wrong to have put himself into such a predicament in the first place? Of course. Did he deserve losing his job over a rape charge that the DA dropped immediately after actually doing a more responsible investigation? I don't think so. Was the DA wrong for jumping the gun and arresting the guy before doing a more responsible investigation? Definitely. That's why law enforcement has to be careful in what they reveal to the world before having a better grasp of the situation. Just the optics of it regardless of the end result can result in people's livelihoods being destroyed.
The FBI has literally refused to comment on any of the rumored investigations into trump campaign ties to the russian hackers specifically giving the excuse that they do not comment on even the existence of on-going investigations.
Trump didn't hold public office during that time.
Clinton doesn't hold public office now. That's a meaningless distinction.
She did when her crimes were committed. As a public servant, your service is public (shocking, I know). If you commit crimes during that service, and are investigated, the public has a right to know.
She didn't commit a crime. That's the whole point. She's being investigated for possibly committing those crimes, but if 70k+ emails didn't get nearly close enough to prove any of it when she had no reason to believe they would become public, why would a couple thousand more make that pertinent when it's related to what her aide was doing? And no, the public does not have a right to know if someone is being investigated. Especially with regards to national security, which is what this is.
>She didn't commit a crime. That's the whole point. She is currently under FBI investigation, you do not know that. I am not under FBI investigation, I did not commit any crimes. Hillary Clinton is currently under FBI investigation, it is, in fact, very possible she committed crimes. >And no, the public does not have a right to know if someone is being investigated. This is literally not true. Go to University, learn law. >Especially with regards to national security, which is what this is. ...This is especially literally not true. Go to University, learn law.
Lol fucking what is this?
Innocent until proven guilty, unless they're a member of a political party you don't like
> She is currently under FBI investigation, you do not know that. Being under investigation does not mean you committed a crime. And you most certainly have committed crimes in your life. > This is literally not true. Go to University, learn law. Where is the law that states this? Going to school won't teach this. You're bullshitting.
> This is literally not true. Lawyer here. It's literally true. There is no law stating that the American public must be made aware of anything.
I am definitely accusing him of going rogue. He broke protocol and ignored his superiors just to throw a fig leaf to Republicans. There was no formal or legal reason for doing what he did, and that's ignoring the fact that these emails may not have anything of interest to begin with.
That's bc lynch is clearly compromised and Clinton is going down this time.
Prove it.
Don't need to - she's already out and is irrelevant
You know something else that is breaking protocol?? Having your own private email server...
>He broke protocol He might not have had to if the head of the DoJ hadn't met privately with the husband of someone who was actively under a federal investigation.
To make matters worse, he sent out the letter before they even had a warrant. His behavior certainly broke the [Hatch Act](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hatch_Act_of_1939) and should be held accountable.
Saying he violated the Hatch act has got to be the dumbest angle to take on this. Please.
Whoops. That's the prez' angle.
[Not even biased Politifact mentioned the Hatch act](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/oct/30/robby-mook/clinton-campaign-says-comey-letter-violates-justic/). I think that's a ridiculous angle to take.
What's really funny is how you Hillary supporters thought he was so right when he didn't recommend charges for doing things you and I would be sent to prison for. And you want people like Huma and Clinton to be at the top of our national security when they 1) will use gmail and yahoo which any idiot can hack yet 2) refuse to honor a congressional subpeona and instead intentionally destroy emails that they say are innocuous. Your cognitive dissonance must be off the charts!
Comey didn't recommend charges because he didn't have anything to charge her with. There was never a buddy buddy aspect to it. Hence the press conference.
Come hasn't violated anything in the Hatch Act. You people can keep trying to push this narrative, but it doesn't stand up to even a generous interpretation of the law.
I totally agree
Yeah I mispoke. I don't think anyone is accusing him of going rogue *for the purpose of screwing over clinton*. I think he went against protocol because he didn't want to be viewed as hiding something from the republicans and getting dragged into a dozen more oversight committee meetings
So he broke protocol and possibly cost the Democrats a few Senate seats just to avoid a federally required oversight hearings or two? I can't tell if that's better or worse.
I am accusing him of exactly that. Comey has a twenty year long history of hating on the Clintons.
absolutely the opposite, he has arguably always been favorable to them and in fact served on the board of the Clinton Foundation. You guys are so brainwashed its hilarious to watch. By the way I'm an independent who voted for Obama, but I would NEVER vote for this corrupt evil woman in a million years even if there was no other choice. I'd write in my cat's name. http://www.wnd.com/2016/07/comey-has-long-history-of-clinton-related-cases/
Dude. Why do you keep linking to tabloids?
If by hate the Clintons you mean being connected to THE CLINTON FOUNDATION, then yes. http://www.breitbart.com/2016-presidential-race/2016/09/10/exposed-fbi-director-james-comeys-clinton-foundation-connection/ http://www.teaparty.org/exposed-fbi-director-james-comeys-clinton-foundation-connection-186695/ http://www.wnd.com/2016/09/exposed-fbi-directors-clinton-foundation-connection/ http://www.freerepublic.com/focus/f-news/3467990/posts http://usapoliticsnow.com/exposed-fbi-director-james-comeys-clinton-foundation-connection/ http://thewashingtonstandard.com/fbi-director-james-comey-connected-clinton-foundation/ http://endingthefed.com/james-comeys-connection-to-clinton-foundation-just-got-exposedthis-may-explain-everything.html https://investmentwatchblog.com/exposed-fbi-director-james-comeys-clinton-foundation-connection/ Comey earned $6 million in one year alone from Lockheed Martin. Lockheed Martin became a Clinton Foundation donor that very year. Comey served as deputy attorney general under John Ashcroft for two years of the Bush administration. When he left the Bush administration, he went directly to Lockheed Martin and became vice president, acting as a general counsel. How much money did James Comey make from Lockheed Martin in his last year with the company, which he left in 2010? More than $6 million in compensation. Lockheed Martin is a Clinton Foundation donor. The company admitted to becoming a Clinton Global Initiative member in 2010. According to records, Lockheed Martin is also a member of the American Chamber of Commerce in Egypt, which paid Bill Clinton $250,000 to deliver a speech in 2010. In 2010, Lockheed Martin won 17 approvals for private contracts from the Hillary Clinton State Department. **Or you know, just keep watching ABC/CNN/NBC, they will totally tell you about this, amirite?**
Lol look at those sources!
So, let me get this straight... Clinton foundation is super shady because it's "pay to play" So any business would want to donate to it, so they get access. Esepcially one like Lockheed, which relies on government contracts. And the fact he worked for such a business proves he likes the Clintons? Hell, even if the above were true (and the jury's pretty much out on that one), you've got a real non-starter here. I mean, hell, it's not like he decided what charities they donate to. Key members of the Clinton foundation also breathe the same air and drink the same water as many other people. We also saw Bill Clinton eat at McDonalds, a chain that many in the media are known to frequent. Film at 11.
> act he worked for such a business proves he likes the Clintons? Hell, even if the above were true (and the jury's pretty much out on that one), you've got a real non-start also, coporate cronyism is EXACTLY what Democrats/Republican/Greenparty/Any party voters are AGAINST. Just because laws exist that might allow you to use a loophole to do all this stuff, doesn't mean we shouldn't change them. It should be illegal and loopholes closed. no big money in politics. many other countries outright ban all of these things. Canada as one of the closest examples does this.
Absolutely. I think giving the Democrats control of the Senate is the best way to have any hope of achieving this. As well as giving the chance to appoint a Supreme Court Justice who'd oppose Citizen's United. Sanders has enormous political capital right now, he's one of the most popular politicians currently out there. He and Warren can make a huge difference, but if the senate is split 50/50 the tiebreaker is the VP, so I'd prefer the Democrats get the White House. I'm not Clinton's biggest fan, and she's far from my dream candidate, but I'm (pretty obviously) liberal, so my best chance right now is a straight democrat ticket, and hoping that Senate control pulls the party left.
Do you have one credible source that you can post?
uhhh, do you know about this? http://nypost.com/2016/08/28/hillary-practically-promised-a-pay-to-play-state-department/ and pay to play typically refers to offering bribes of money or something of value to the person you are trying to "get play from". You do understand that right? Illegal.
Excuse me if I'm reticent to trust the Post's reporting, but even if I believe everything written in that article, all it proves is some sketchy crap went down, not that anything actually illegal happened, just bad optics. I know some sketchy crap looks like it went down. Not happy about it. Pretty sure Trump would have done the same thing, given that he seems to have used his charity to pay his own legal fees, among other things. But all that aside, the point initially made was that the FBI Director was somehow supporting Clinton, based on being linked to the Clinton Foundation because he worked for a company that donated. That's a terrible inference. And I've seen nothing to dispute how illogical a leap that is.
Your sources tell me everything I need to know. I'm sorry if it was time consuming to make that post. I guess I will just add that the fact that you think Lockheed Martin getting approvals from the State Department is in any way unusual or shady is amusing.
The sources are part of learning. If you don't see what other sides of an argument say then you are not well informed. I supposed you would like to stay ill informed then? Media lies, right lies, left lies, repubs lie, dems lie, green party lies, independents lie, conservatives lie. It is up to the media to report on it, sometimes the reporting is good and well documented/researched (factual or based on history). Other times is pure bullshit and can be debunked by following the money trail. So there you go, a trump supporter who is TELLING YOU to read more news to broaden your mind. I will read anything you want to send me, have at it.
It's a waste of time to dialog with someone so deeply entrenched in nonsense. It's more productive to take action and actually affect change. See you at the polls.
Oh yes, we definitely do think he did this specifically to screw Clinton. Which is not all that surprising since he did the same thing with his press release when he announced that Clinton would not be charged. The entire press release was basically saying "she sucks, but it's not illegal." Can you imagine the cops, or a DA saying "we're not charging X with a crime, since no crime was committed, but I want to tell you about why I think X is a terrible no good very bad person."
o/ Right here. Just like when he had his unprecedented press conference to opine about what he personally thought about Hillary. He violated the Hatch Act and if he doesn't resign, he should be removed.
He's a government official, you really think government officials should be removed from office for violating one Act?
He's basically screwed either way. Neither side see him as anything other than a political actor now, and that means he shouldn't hold an apolitical post. In shamelessly trying to cover his ass, he's decided to put it right over the fire. He won't be asked to resign before the election, but I don't see him lasting long past November 9th
> making a thoughtless mistake. But he put thought into it. He even says so.
Exactly. Just remember, this whole email investigation is due to a 100% proven violation of "internal policy" by Hillary Clinton. Which Comey himself called "extremely careless."
> "Don't inform the voters of that, it'll influence the election" is a dangerous precedent. It's not "don't inform the voters", it's "be clear so as to not mislead the public during an election." His statement was far too vague.
No, you just don't like what it says.
It didn't say anything though. I don't think anyone would be criticizing him if he said "we found something and are having to re-open a case" but instead he said, "we might of found something that might be relevant or might not be relevant at all". That is literally saying nothing other than giving less truthful people a false talking point to run with.
Exactly. It also is a problem that he had almost nothing to report so by communicating it to the public is mostly just seemingly a way to cast more doubt on Clinton really.
His statement was exactly what it needed to be to meet his legal requirements.
Can you point me to those requirements? Because I've seen reports that he was advised *not* to send the letter and he had no requirement to do so.
He had given testimony before Congress and he had to amend it, so he did. AFAIK his letter met only the literal most basic requirements to do so.
The director of the FBI has absolutely no legal obligation to keep Congress informed of ongoing investigations into their political rivals. In fact, Congress has no authority over members of the executive branch.
Can you give me the requirement to amend such testimony immediately?
No, as a random poster on Reddit I'm not an inherent expert on Congressional Procedure. I can say that's what I'd read which sounds perfectly reasonable, and is just as valid as the suggestions made above of "well I heard it wasn't necessary".
You said he was required to do it, it's not unreasonable for me to ask where you got that from. Like I said, I've seen plenty that says he wasn't required, and in fact that what he did departs wildly from normal procedure. You say you're not an expert, but you felt comfortable saying what was legally required of him. Why the disconnect? Can you at least point me to where you read that?
This thread, associated articles.
Real helpful, buddy. Maybe if you can't back it up don't spout it as fact
Agreed. 100%. They need to clear the air immediately, because people are already assuming this means Clinton will be charged and found guilty.
> because people are already assuming this means Clinton will be charged and found guilty. Who are these people? Not rational ones I'd bet. I don't understand the issue here, Comey did not imply Clinton was guilty or that the emails would change their decision at all. Where is this idea coming from? All he said is that there was new evidence to look into, which he said he was required to do because he promised to update congress.
His statement was not vague. He told Congress that the previously closed investigation is being reopened after discovering newly introduced email evidence.
[deleted]
It's the spin Clinton supporters are using to defend her again. Claiming he's got nothing or that he hadn't even read any of the emails and doesn't know if they have anything. Even though he literally said they were pertinent to the investigation...
exactly. I see this as nothing more than a CYA statement just in case Trump wins and seeks his impeachment.
Absolutely no tangible reason to infer this, even as Donald Trump immediately declares the scandal "bigger than Watergate," multiple Rs state flat out that the FBI would not have taken this action without substantially damning evidence, and Paul Ryan publicly sends a letter to the Director of National Intelligence asking that Clinton's security clearance be revoked based on the implications of Comey's new statement. Yeah, no innuendo chain reaction there at all.
Comey has obligations to ensure people do not ignore his statements and then lie about them? Really?
When it comes to undue influence on elections, yes, which is why there are decades of precedent in respect to the DOJ and FBI being careful not to accidentally influence election results, which Comey was warned about by the DOJ in advance with DOJ strongly encouraging Comey not to take the step he did. At minimum Comey could have been more aware of the shitstorm of innuendo his actions might cause, an awareness he showed in his internal letter to FBI staff, and thus given more disclosure about what was known and unknown in the first place. When you take an unprecedented step in defiance of your boss and decades of established precedent, with the risk of influencing a presidential election, you either think twice about doing it and don't do it, or you take every logical precaution, which would include full disclosure of what was known and unknown to the fullest extent possible in order to defuse the possibility of partisan firefights and unfair innuendo in a still innocent til proven guilty situation. Comey's actions will be condemned by history because they are bad for everyone. He has grossly tarnished the image of the FBI as an institution; he has quite possibly crippled or killed his own career; he has obviously made Democrats furious; he will likely have embarrassed Republicans who immediately assumed some huge new smoking gun with high odds of turning out to be nothing; he blatantly defied DOJ guidelines and decades of electoral precedent; he took actions unprecedented for his position; and he made everything far worse by releasing a letter long on innuendo and short on substance, when at the very minimum alternative he could have held some kind of new press conference and clarified to the public why he felt obligated to announce new information, while further clarifying that the FBI did not yet have any new information in its possession and it was entirely possible that nothing would come of this. But Comey did not do this, he took a half measure -- an innuendo-laden letter -- that wound up screwing everyone, including himself, which speaks to gross incompetence regardless of where one's partisan sympathies lie. There is no way to play this other than that Comey fucked up royally, whether you think he had to say something to congress or no, and everyone, including the country, will wind up paying the price for a tarnished electoral process, and for that degree of gross incompetence and negligence alone, and the longstanding damage done to the credibility of the FBI and the electoral process, if he had any honor he would resign.
Meanwhile this would not be an issue if one the candidate were not under FBI investigation. Is this Comey's fault as well? Is it not equally unprecedented to run for office while under FBI investigation? You act like she did not know this when she decided to run. It is not his fault new evidence was found in an unrelated investigation and brought to his attention. It is the fault of the clinton defense team for not fully disclosing all this last year. There would be no investigation now if they had done this. If he had sat on this, it would be just as bad as if he released this very innocuous statement that more evidence had been found and was being pursued. He was screwed either way here. I am not even defending the guy, just not eating talking points without considering them a bit.
Two wrongs don't make a right. And the issue of substance here is Comey's decision to violate decades of electoral precedent, in a manner wholly unnecessary. As stated, it is dubious to argue he "had" to disclose less than two weeks before an election. But even if one felt he was obligated to disclose, he could have done so in as full a manner as possible, taking careful steps not to cast undue suspicion on someone outside a court of law. As others have pointed out, the FBI is almost certainly investigating ties between the Trump campaign and Russia, via Manafort and others, not to mention the possibility of financial asset flows. Imagine if innuendo about this investigation had leaked out prior to any substantive allegations or indictments. Republicans would be outraged and rightfully so. There are loud and clear reasons why investigations are not commented on outside of actual indictments or charges made in the context of an innocent-til-proven-guilty judicial system, and particularly in the context of undue influence on elections; these reasons are bipartisan and above affiliation, meaning they should apply to everyone, everywhere. Hinting at someone's possible guilt, or even implying it by accident, is trial by rumor or trial by press, which subverts the rule of law and functional democracy. This is well known, which is exactly why there is written precedent, re, taking precaution around elections. Comey took all that and threw it into the trash, even after being warned by the DOJ. As for the fact Clinton is under investigation, that is a red herring response on all kinds of levels. Trump is almost certainly under investigation too for possible Russia influence on his campaign. Would it be fair for the FBI to talk about that before finding evidence of guilt, or at least enough evidence to hand down an indictment? No it would not, which is precisely why these investigations are not supposed to be talked about outside of hard findings. One can also add the reason the Clinton email investigations are ongoing is because Republicans have gone on the mother of all witch hunts over the past few decades, spending tens of millions of dollars on investigations with hundreds of hours of discovery and proceedings already undergone in effort to find the tiniest speck of dirt possible. Clinton's negligence with a private server was regrettable and condemnable, but so too were many instances of security breach or communication loss, including the fact that the Bush White House "lost" 22 million emails including many related to matters of the Iraq War. This is not to excuse private server negligence but to point out there is a difference between irresponsible behavior, condemned and apologized for but not criminal, and the ongoing relentless attempt to find something, anything possibly criminal, simply on the oppositional grounds of hating one's opponent and wanting to bring them down by any means possible. It is clear that Republicans would get Hillary Clinton thrown in jail for jaywalking at this point if they could. Email bullshit has long gone beyond an issue of any substance or merit and into the realm of political takedown. The easiest way to understand what happened here is to imagine a complete role reversal. If a Republican candidate had done to them by a Democrat FBI head what Comey has done, the verdict would be just as damning, because this has nothing to do with the charges or party affiliation, but rather the irresponsibility of the action and its subversion of both the rule of law (innocent until proven guilty) and the electoral process. Comey was not screwed either way, furthermore, because he did not have to take this action. If he stayed quiet and there was heat after the election, so what: Not only could he have taken that heat in the context of doing his job, he could have pointed to decades of electoral precedent, the desire to avoid undue influence, the fact that no new information was available at the time, and direct instruction from the DOJ not to take an election-influencing action as reason to stay quiet. And again, even if Comey DID feel compelled to take this action and say something, which stemmed from his original grandstanding this summer - giving commentary on an investigation ruling, which was also unprecedented - he could have gone the full disclosure route to defuse as many bombs as possible, explaining not only why he felt forced to disclose this new info but clarifying that it did not imply any smoking gun evidence in the FBI's hands, in fact clarifying that they had not even seen the new evidence yet and had no idea whether it would be relevant or nothing. He should have kept his mouth shut and had very defensible reasoning for that option; his second best option, in doing something very dangerous, would have been to try hard to give as full a disclosure as possible and clarify they did not have new evidence, only a laptop from an unrelated case that might or might not contain anything of substance. That he chose neither route, and in fact chose the worst innuendo-laden route, shows that Comey is either an idiot or was driven to a completely idiotic decision by political pressure - idiotic for his own career, for the FBI, for the whole electoral process, for both political parties, idiotic across the board. He ratfucked everyone and everything, including himself and the country, when alternative paths of either silence until the emails were reviewed or fuller disclosure to eliminate innuendo were available. Sometimes a person screws up on an epic scale; this is one of those times; he has damaged everyone and everything so badly he should resign for this; whether or not the Clinton email saga should have gone this far in the first place is immaterial.
> That was his entire statement. Literally everything you said is just pulled completely out of thin air with absolutely no tangible reason for you to infer this. What other people are saying is reason enough. Comey is no idiot. He knew the implications of something like this, was advised against it and did it anyway.
Someone should tell Trump that, because all weekend he and his surrogates have been spreading the lie that Comey's memo means they have something significant and incriminating. Edit: wait a second, YOU said this: > You really think the FBI would risk this statement if they had not looked at the email and seen something they found compelling? Incredibly dishonest indeed...
Well I have never seen trump requiring even the most intangible reason to lie. So that is quite a silly argument. Objectively, comey found information in the public interest. That is the end of that. Everything else you guys are putting out is just bullshit that boils down to "people should not know things". That's a pretty pathetic bit of ground to stand on.
> That is an incredibly dishonest interpretation of what he said. To be fair, that interpretation is one a lot of people will get out of these kinds of headlines. It also doesn't help that there are people out there who will take any possibly negative information about Clinton, and shove it down the throats of Americans. Plain and simple, this is YUUGGEE for Trump, because he can spin it in a negative way, without even implying she's guilty, and his insane supporters will do the rest. I'm sure I'll be seeing factually incorrect memes floating around my Facebook feed about this.
Yeah, that trump guy is a real jerk. His opponent is under investigation by the fbi and he's trying to say that's a bad thing. How very dare he!
To be fair, 90% of the public probably didn't even read the statement, saw that the FBI was reopening the probe, ergo: "Hey they think she COULD BE guilty now" which for a lot of people isn't a far leap to "we think she IS guilty now."
>going rouge I didn't know that the fbi was formally changing it's color to a reddish purple.
Can you imagine if government agencies wore color coded suits? That'd be neat.
I'd support that.
I took it to mean Comey will look for a career in burlesque.
Hey, that's the class i play in works of warcraft.
has anyone ever read a comment like this and been like "haha good one"
They're big fans of Canadian Football.
> changing it's color *its
Also, FBI is supposed to be capitalized.
[Son of a...!](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/36/bb/46/36bb4604aec16fb34e313e81e8d4a9ff.gif)
Rouge is red. It's literally French for red.
So he's literally a Commie?
I red that and laughed.
I certainly hope you meant to attach a /s to the end of that. Otherwise, I just laughed as well.
I read that and realized Reddit has changed the way we spell Read It.
~~Perpetrator~~ Purple traitor.
Comey - what a maroon!
You guys are so good at this... I'm green with envy!
He's broken a cardinal rule according to HRC supporters.
You can't blame him, it's just part of his make-up.
> being so vague in the letter and basically saying "Hey we think she's guilty now before we've even examined this new evidence." That's not what the letter said though. It basically said that they found new e-mail that could be related to the investigation (basically, e-mail that could have been sent to or from Clinton), but they have no idea if they're important at all (Comey: ["we don’t know the significance of this newly discovered collection of emails"](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-nation/wp/2016/10/28/read-the-letter-comey-sent-to-fbi-employees-explaining-his-controversial-decision-on-the-clinton-email-investigation/?utm_term=.85e340bce531)). The fact that a lot of people seem to think that it says "we think she's guilty" is pretty much why people don't think it should have been sent out. It doesn't tell us anything (only that they're going to look at something that might not be important at all) but leads a lot of people into thinking that there is some new suspicion that we have zero evidence of.
Keep in mind that Comey **testified under oath** that the FBI reviewed all material evidence related to Clinton's private server. He has to rectify the congressional record and state that new information has been found. Could you imagine the political shit storm, let alone to legal ramifications if it was revealed later they they found more emails related to Clinton's server.
Wow amazing that's so interesting cus the Hillary supporter sounded smart until I read your reply to them and I thought, wow! As usual it's passive aggressive spin! Not saying it was on purpose but the Hillary supporters jump to a lot of conclusions too... NOT TOO DIFFERENT THAN THE FBI EH? 
It's up to the citizens in a democracy to decide what to do with the information they have. You can't hide things from voters because of the fear that they will make a decision that you don't think is right.
Comey left it up to the republicans in the house committee to fill in the blanks.
Pretty much this. The FBI won't stop politicians from being politicians or the general public for reading more to it than what it is: - We said the case is closed. - We've received new evidence that needs to be reevaluated so we're reopening the case. - No time table on when we'll be done.
The fact that there are more emails that we were not aware of, that they had to go through another politician's devices for to recover (meaning they were purged from the original server) is a bit damning itself.
They weren't purged from the server,as far as we know. Right now,it's looking like many are duplicates,or never sent to Hillary in the first place. It's not hillary's laptop,it's her aides. If they weren't sent to hillary,they wouldn't end up on the server.
It's also being reported that the emails in question weren't even sent to or from Hillary. Meaning that Comey might have given the Republicans a huge bone to craft lies around over absolutely nothing of substance. Comey is either playing politics, or a huge moron if he thinks the Republicans would act rationally with a new piece of probably useless information relating to the emails. There wasn't much of anything important in the recent email leaks to begin with, but that hasn't stopped them from making it into a massive, fictional malignant conspiracy theory.
>It's also being reported that the emails in question weren't even sent to or from Hillary. **How does this matter?** Huma is Clintons top aide and is always around her shes like the Doug Stampford to her. There could be plenty of information in there that proves intent. "Hillary wants all emails related to X deleted" is all thats needed
Comey sent his letter to a bunch of Republicans, he didn't inform Hillary or any Democrats. People keep trying to act like he wasn't trying to manipulate the election. He hates Hillary and got one last chance to hurt her. I hope it cost him his job, because it's already ruined his reputation.
Even her campaign manager said what she said was false. Look it up the letter was sent to both parties, but facts don't matter right?
This is BS. That's what you get for taking Hill at her word.
> or a huge moron if he thinks the Republicans would act rationally Honestly, a huge number of us here still seem like morons thinking that party has any rationality left.
> Comey is either playing politics Out of character for him > or a huge moron if he thinks the Republicans would act rationally with a new piece of probably useless information relating to the emails Not in line with previous actions, which indicated he was not an idiot It appears to me that Comey, out of a desire to be honest about the status of his investigation, just blundered into what should have been a routine disclosure, and Jason Chaffetz, because Jason Chaffetz is a dishonest asshole, spun this into a much bigger deal than it was. Thankfully, only have the media (which is in the tank for Clinton, remember) have seized on this trying to force a scandal. The other half seems to be saying, "yeah, guys, this is really not anything to get excited about." Won't stop Chaffetz et al. from playing politics, and I'm not so naive as to think the Dem ratfuckers wouldn't try the same thing if the situations were reversed, but I can't help but think back to poor Dan Rather in 2004.
Do you know who you should actually be blaming for all these inconvenient scandals about HRC's emails? Hillary Fucking Clinton. This is all a direct result of her holier than thou, above the law attitude. This is reaping what you've sown. The FBI is just doing their jobs, they don't have to beat around the bush, they investigate crime and don't give a shit about the DNC's political agenda, nor should they.
Yes if the FBI had announced they were investigating Trump all of us here would have carefully examined the facts before concluding this was a bad thing for the Republican candidate.
In fact the FBI is investigating people who worked for the Trump campaign in reference to Russia and Wikileeks however like many of their other investigations they refuse to comment on ongoing investigations. Well unless they involve Hillary Clinton!
A Clinton supporter with a persecution complex. Lol.
No I'm a Canadian I don't have a dog in this race. From an international perspective it really does look like it's being rigged!
It WOULD be a bad thing for the candidate. That's the point really. This announcement by he FBI/Jason Chaeffetz is a bad thing for clinton. The weird thing is that there are plenty of pretty solid rumours that they are also investigating Trump campaign ties to russia hackers but if true, Comey doesn't feel the need to let the American people know that.
There are no Russian Hackers you've got to be kidding at this point...
All the American intelligence agencies have said there is. I guess you know more than them though so I will stop kidding.
None of them have. Not one.
"This only could have been authorized by the highest levels of the Kremlin! I even got someone from the Department of Energy to say so!" Nice cold war jab, Hillary.
BC it's not true.
[deleted]
Where are y'all when obvious BS is posted re: Trump? And this is the actual FBI literally investigating Clinton - Again. Not some opportunist fake grope victim - this is real shit and Clinton will drown in it.
[deleted]
They all just coincidentally remembered the assaults decades after they happened... sounds likely
It may be true. But, as a person that is suspected of being a Clinton supporter having previously investigated Whitewater finding no wrong doing and being a board member of HSBC connected to the CF pay to play schemes so long as they're not finding anything, then there's no need to stir Trump's shit. Is there? That would make them look foolish, vindictive and more biased (if that's even possible). On the other hand, if Comey is trying to cover for the Clintons and everyone know's Comey is a Clinton lap dog then you don't keep an investigation of them quiet especially when the outcome is preordained. . It would make you appear unethical and biased. You put it out in the open. And then you bury it in the public's face which is what Comey did by telling us there was no intent in the heart of a woman that has walked the halls of power for 30 years. Reopening the investigation that was already spiked in favor of the person being investigated is likely the result of immense internal pressures....not the sound and dutiful judgement of a man that is quite clearly a Clinton asset. He had no choice....
Russia hackers lol, don't forgot that 4chan guy either.
You do know that almost every single American intelligence agency has said Russia is behind the DNC email hacks right?
Lol fact check your criminal candidate this is embarrassing for y'all
Citation needed. Are you getting that info from Clinton when she said that 18 intelligence agencies are saying that?
Comey is just doing his job....Comey hasn't come forward on Trump because those, " Rumors" have zero evidence.
"Solid rumor" -- oxymoron if I ever heard one. Do you have a reference for that?
Why isn't anyone discussing the fact that Hillary accused Russia of hacking her e-mails...Isn't that lying too? But ultimately it fell down to a giant Weiner who couldn't stop sexting?
There could be non email investigations into Clinton that they haven't made a peep about, too. What makes the email case special was that we found out about it before it was even an investigation because it came about from public hearings. That can happen when you are a public servant such as Sec of State.
Under age Sex slave ring? Sounds crazy but the pieces seem to be falling into place...
The FBI investigation into the Clinton Foundation is ongoing. They don't say a peep about it but the former assistant FBI director mentioned it on CNN yesterday.
Hmm...do you have a link to the clip? Sounds interesting.
https://streamable.com/htj3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kiy7BFnubps Tom Fuentes served as an Assistant Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) from 2004 until his retirement in November 2008.
There might be FBI investigations into Trump now, we have no idea because the FBI doesn't discuss open investigations, which is the point.
Except of course if the open investigation is about Hillary.
> ...the emails in question weren't even sent to or from Hillary.....Comey might have given the Republicans a huge bone to craft lies around over absolutely nothing of substance. It's not necessary that the emails in question were or were not sent by Hillary to be relevant enough to reopen the investigation. The emails could easily be shown as evidence of intent and or conspiracy, in regard to the email scandal and Hillary's top campaign members. Edit: Just removed a comma that was pissing me off.
[deleted]
> Sure, any email could show anything if you use your imagination. Or your imagination as well. Given the fact that the FBI saw fit to reopen the investigation, even if they don't directly involve Hillary, they are somewhat related to the case. They are at the very least relevant, or else the FBI would have done nothing. The question is how relevant or if they are just dupes of already existing stuff.
Sorry you're utterly wrong. The FBI has recovered Clinton deleted emails before, and found nothing, there is no reason to believe these are any different.
>there is no reason to believe these are any different. But there is reason to believe that these are important. The FBI is opening a previously closed case, meaning they found something relevant. They could be redundant and they could be nothing. They could also be something. We don't know. Unless you know something the FBI doesn't know. Alternatively, Huma can release all of her emails and we can have fun with that.
Full stop: the case was never closed. You keep saying this. It's not true. The case was not "re-opened."
http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/07/06/485009859/attorney-general-announces-that-case-against-hillary-clinton-is-closed You can say it was never formally closed. But for all intents and purposes it was.
The Mental gymnastics of some people on here they could be defending Nixon just as easily.
“Well, when the president does it, that means it is not illegal.”
The problem is the FBI doesn't even have a warrant to read these emails. This whole situation came about because they founds emails that may be in some way relevant to the Clinton probe, and that the FBI likely already has in its stack. Full stop. There is nothing at this point which makes influencing the election a reasonable thing to do, meanwhile this whole inference that because the FBI found something of interest that the probe into Hillary's emails has been reopened is false.
I believe it is an investigation, not a "probe". It's not the Federal Bureau of Probing. That department is on another floor.
They have a warrant now!!! I'm thinking that they have intentionally deleted emails, that were accidently left behind on devices, OR found on a thumb drive/cloud, for a weiner get out of jail free card. For instance on my I phone, I pad, I mac, cloud, I can't just delete an email on either device and it gets deleted devices wide. I have to delete them on each and every device.
More complete speculation. Ready to eat crow when the FBI clears Clinton again?
Why must I eat crow.........Can't I just be a an American.
Fuck if I care...I'm aboard the Trump Train sippin Moet. Comey has done enough. Not my problem anymore. The only poll that matters NOW is the election. GL to you! I'll still be indifferent win or lose! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CFsbAuX9P4w I actually voted for Garry
yeah that's not true, because the point was, huma testified that she turned over everything related to the clinton emails - but something has obvoiusly come up, in these emails (even though they were discovered in conjunction with another case) - that shows that Huma didn't turn everything over - and that there is something in those emails that would warrant Hillary was being grossly negligent... You have to realize, it's actually a REALLY big deal that he's reopening this, because he realllllly bent the written rule to say that Hilary wasn't grossly negligent in her handling of classified information... it just seems clear (and I could be wrong) that something has come up that just clearly shows that, no matter how much he tried to give her the benefit of the doubt, he was wrong, and has to reverse his decision... why else would they reopen the investigation?
>huma testified that she turned over everything related to the clinton emails and for all we know she did. All of these emails could be duplicates of ones already turned over to the FBI. Without a warrant they haven't even looked at them yet, so it was ridiculous to announce anything to the GOP before seeing if there was anything new to investigate.
He said they they haven't even gone over them yet? Why is he commenting on an ongoing investigation when he doesn't have any of the facts yet?
because he obviously caught word that he's fucked... just because they don't "officially" have access to the computers, doesn't mean for one second he doesn't know what's in there. Someone knows what's in those new emails - and someone warned Comey - and now he's realizing he has to back up...
> why else would they reopen the investigation? because it's his job. He has an obligation to investigate this, and when new potential evidence appears he has an obligation to consider it.
that... was my whole point...
[deleted]
Comey did everything he could to sweep this under the rug for the DNC... obviously somethign came to light that's making him reverse course... everyone under the sun was saying the exact same thing when he closed the case against Clinton... that he was being political about it.
He sent the letter to both parties
If you accidentally find incriminating evidence, even without a warrant, you are 100% obligated to investigate.
Well you are using an illegal seizure but if you find something with a different warrant and it was reasonable to find that is ok.
*police serve warrant to collect paper files at an office* Cop 1: hey there is a dead body in front of the filing cabinet Cop 2: Don't worry about it, the warrant said nothing about a dead body Cop 1: Sir they are literally using blocks of cocaine to prop the door open for us Cop 2: Damn now we have to go get another warrant.
And if you find something and don't know if it's incriminating or not, should you broadcast your non-findings to the world or find out if it's incriminating or not first? Since that's what happened here.
You do if you told Congress you would alert them if any new findings were possibly discovered. Which he did. And he didn't broadcast it, he sent a private letter to Congress and Congress leaked it.
So basically he did it to cover his own ass, against established FBI policy and the advice of the DOJ.
Either that or be accused of being a DNC shill after the election.
I'm not addressing if they should've made a statement or not. I'm refuting /u/dinolado 's claim that they shouldn't be investigating.
Then you misread the comment, as it was about whether or not it was appropriate to make a statement at this point.
Thank you!
I would imagine the status of the investigation (open vs closed) should be publicly available. Four months ago they told us it was closed. Yesterday they told us they're re-opening it. I would imagine they will get a lot of criticism if the actual status is "open" but the publicly-available status is "closed". I can understand the point being made, that without concrete evidence it's strange to publicly declare we found a ton of i-dont-know-what. But if you work on the basis of the public should know whether the investigation is open or closed, then it makes perfect sense to send the letter, even when you have nothing more of substance to go on. Imagine it this way: for book-keeping purposes, any FBI employee reading the emails must have their hours billed to an open investigation. This means re-opening the investigation is a prerequisite to having anyone even go through the emails. If they silently re-open it, and have agents reading the emails and their hours logged to the open investigation, but don't declare the status, they will be yelled at for trying to hide the status to protect Clinton. It's unfortunate for Clinton that it happened this way, but I don't see any way Comey could have avoided criticism here at all. If he ignores the emails entirely until after the election, that's a derelection of duty. If he re-opened it but stayed silent, he's hiding the status of an investigation. If he declares it's open, people say he's being vague. If he allocates resources to read the emails without re-opening the investigation, he'll get in trouble for other regulations and violations and doing things in the dark, or reading emails without an associated investigation case number. The man was put between a rock and a hard place, and had to do something.
Except 1) they didn't reopen anything, cases like these never close and 2) they know full well at this point the emails show no intent, they are already pretty sure almost all of them related to Clinton are duplicates of the ones they already had. There was literally no reason to say anything other than someone trying to influence the election, or just being plain stupid.
> 1) they didn't reopen anything, cases like these never close Yes, caces never close... > 2) they know full well at this point the emails show no intent You don't know that....Warrant is in!
You don't think they have the technology to determine if these are the emails they already have or not? That's minutes of work, maybe. It sounds like they're actually spending resources on this which implies there are new emails to read.
what? But if he didn't disclose that they're looking into it again after he testified that the case was closed then after HRC wins the election people would just say that comey was covering up for clinton until after the election. isn't it better for the FBI to be transparent and say "hey, new info has come up and we're looking into it again" and then as soon as they're done (hopefully before the election) they can disclose their findings. What exactly are you saying Comey did wrong here? It's not his fault that new information has come to light, and you can't deny that if he didn't inform the public of the information before the election that there wouldn't be an even larger conspiracy after the election about it. If democrats want to be angry at anybody for this then shouldn't you be angry at weiner?
They *are* angry at Weiner. They also have a right to be angry at Comey too. It's fine that he is reopening this if he thinks there is something to look at, but the timing of his letter is what they are angry at: it's either politically motivated or fucking stupid.
If he was politically motivated to hurt Hilary, then why would comey let her off with "no intent"? He is not anti Hillary, clearly.
Because there was clearly no intent.
But that's an opinion right? If comey wanted to shit on her, he says "intent".
Keep in mind that the press conference was *already* unprecedented. Normally, when investigations like that conclude with no charges, the investigating agency either keeps quiet entirely, or sends out a short press release basically saying "we aren't going to press charges." Comey held a gigantic press conference where he basically came as close to saying "Hillary massively fucked up and we *really really* want to charge her but we literally cannot do it because no actual laws were broken" as he possibly could. The Democrats didn't rip Comey a new one because they were all feeling a massive sense of relief that there wouldn't be charges. the Republicans, meanwhile, didn't notice that the press conference was basically "Let's Bash Hillary Power Hour" over their outrage over the FBI declining to press charges. And then a few weeks ago, Comey took the step of releasing the investigation notes to Congress--that's another measure which hasn't really been done before. Again, the effect of it was that Republicans were able to take quotes out of context, and make it sound like Clinton was corrupt. Now we're 9 days until the election, and the letter Comey released puts the entire press conference and release of the investigation notes into a whole new light. Both Democrats and Republicans are starting to see everything Comey's done as trying to shit on Clinton as much as he can while letting her off. Between the press conference, the notes, and the letter, none of which are standard procedure investigations of this importance, it's certainly starting to look like Comey was either trying to influence the election, or was acting with such sheer incompetence in the name of transparency as to appear malicious. Either way, his career is almost certainly over after the election if Clinton wins. Most likely Obama is going to ask for his resignation, and if he doesn't then Clinton will most likely replace him as soon as she can, and marginalize him as much as possible until then. There's no way that well hasn't been poisoned at this point, and Clinton simply can't trust a man who is either actively trying to sabotage her, or is too stupid to realize what the consequences of his actions are.
You also have to consider she's a massive political figure. Had there been evidence to support a prosecution and he didn't recommend pressing charges - he looks dirty. Had there been evidence to support she was completely innocent, if he had said that, he would have looked dirty. This is Comey's way of trying to stay neutral, and honestly, I don't blame him at all. This is probably the hardest case he's ever been a part of, and for that degree of difficulty, and the intensity of the spotlight, he's gotta be so clean you could eat off him. Unlike you know, AG Lynch and the tarmac meeting with WJC, or you know, the DNC chair (DWS) pushing bias towards on candidate, and then becoming her campaign party member..
> Most likely Obama is going to ask for his resignation, I don't think that is likely at all.
You say comey could be seen to have tried to shit on Hillary while letting her off. This doesn't make sense to me, because if he wanted to shit on Hillary, the best way to do that is to would be to send her to trial. Do you understand what I say?
Chaffetz is the one who implied guilt and the press ran with it.
Remind me how biased the press is towards Hillary.
The press is biased toward money and ratings.
all you have to do is look at the headlines in this sub to be reminded lmfao.
If you don't see and acknowledge that the majority of the media is biased toward Clinton, you are a child. And that's okay, but don't say nonsense just to be heard.
Since Friday or always?
The sequence of events is simple: 1. Comey testified before congress, claiming under oath that the investigation was complete 2. The FBI discovered new evidence, reopened the case, and supplemented their testimony, in order to avoid the appearance of perjury 3. The FBI cannot discuss the nature of the emails, because they have not read them yet (the Justice department, aka Loretta Lynch aka the Attorney General listed above, has not approved their search warrant yet) 4. If the Clinton campaign wants the contents of the emails to be released, Huma Abedin would be able to release that information (as she put them on Wiener's laptop in the first place.)
As to Item 4, you are assuming Abedin even knows what the information is. She's currently separated from Wiener, and probably hasn't used that laptop in a while. If she used his laptop to log in to her e-mail accounts occasionally and there happens to be some data cached, she has no way of knowing exactly what it is.
Can Abedin legally release the emails to the public if they're part of an FBI investigation?
Emails that were marked confidential? No.
Not sure, but looks like that question is moot. It appears that Anthony is cooperating (no warrant needed,) and the search is on: https://twitter.com/WSJ/status/792807458611879936
Meaning either that the emails are innocuous, or the campaign wants them to appear that way. Judging by how little of interest has been in the emails we've seen, my money is on innocuous, but we'll have to wait and see.
So I have only seen it on these crazy sites that have popped during the election. But the claim is that Weiner's and Abedin's email accounts backed up to the same location locally on the laptop. Combine that with the above poster saying the Weiner gave permission to look at his device and you get a really messy legal situation.
Weiner is being investigated for underage sexual predation. More than likely he struck a deal.
Possibly, but that's pure conjecture at this point. Again, it only makes sense to wait and see once the facts are on the table. Again, demonstrating why Comey's letter was a bad idea. It's speculation city now.
I..... don't think that Loretta Lynch issues search warrants?
She may not personally, but the department she is in charge of does. If she wanted it to get done, it would. It appears she does not. https://www.yahoo.com/news/comey-wrote-bombshell-letter-to-congress-before-fbi-had-reviewed-new-emails-220219586.html >“We do not have a warrant,” a senior law enforcement official said. “Discussions are under way [between the FBI and the Justice Department] as to the best way to move forward.”
I thought search warrants came from a judge....?
They do. To get a search warrant a member of the DoJ has to submit a request for a search warrant to a judge. They will have to justify why it is necessary and the legal basis for their request.
> reopened the case Good summery of things, except this part. There was no "re-opening."
Not in as many words, but they did: http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/10/28/us/politics/fbi-letter.html >In previous congressional testimony, I referred to the fact that the Federal Bureau of Investigations (FBI) had **completed its investigation** of former Secretary Clinton's personal email server. Due to recent developments, I am writing to supplement my previous testimony. [...] **the investigative team briefed me on this yesterday, and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps**
Plus, there was "no evidence."
> [July 6, 2016: Attorney General Loretta Lynch, accepting the recommendation of FBI Director James Comey and others in the Department of Justice, is formally closing the investigation of Hillary Clinton's private email server without bringing any criminal charges.](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/07/06/485009859/attorney-general-announces-that-case-against-hillary-clinton-is-closed)
> If the Clinton campaign wants the contents of the emails to be released, Huma Abedin would be able to release that information (as she put them on Wiener's laptop in the first place.) 1. Clinton's position is that they've turned over all the emails they have. You may believe they're lying and still hiding emails from the FBI, but that's what they say. 2. The FBI has the laptop, not the Clinton campaign, so they don't know what emails are on it either. 3. It's likely that many, if not all, of the emails on the laptop are just copies of emails that have already been turned over. 4. Even if the campaign somehow knew what emails were on the laptop, the FBI couldn't confirm that and would still be looking at the copies on the laptop itself. 5. No matter what they release, Clinton's critics will continue to believe she's hiding more.
Its really not hard to show the media bias for Clinton. Yes this is a bad story and a big story so everybody has to report about it but the slants in which everyone discusses it are questionable and the bias in how the titles and content are laid out it becomes obvious how the media presents itself. Here are current title examples: Clinton chairman turns up heat on FBI Podesta Slams FBI The very political James Comey Jeanine Pirro defends Clinton on FBI review announcement Over a Third of Trump Supporters Follow White Nationalists on Twitter, Research Finds Trump’s bizarre claim that the Clinton email controversy is ‘bigger than Watergate’ etc. etc. Generally just read the titles going down the reddit politics page and it should be obvious to see the bias or push to one direction.
The mere fact that the media is covering this "story" shows how biased they are against her. Just like every other "scandal" conjured out of thin air, the media vastly oversells right wing talking points and then quietly walks it back.
I'm not sure if serious or sarcasm. I find it hilarious either way tbh.
So nice of you to find facts hilarious while reveling in your bullshit.
well, I guess you are serious. I was laughing that you consider the media is biased against clinton as fact when any objective observer will tell you the opposite. Wikileaks leaks have also clearly shown the opposite so only you are really saying this. The media is clearly trying to minimize and deflect for Clinton if anything and my post with the titles above show this but, ya know, sorry for hurting your feelings!
Claiming to be objective and then saying that Wikileaks shows otherwise? AHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!! That is just hilarious. The press has shoveled shit onto Hillary for decades. Anything she does becomes a massive "scandal" even when that same behavior was ignored in others. I'm sorry for intruding on your fact-free safe space.
I couldn't really tell if it was sarcasm that was simply too advanced for mere mortals, or yep, they sound serious alright. This sub is one of the purest exemplars of Poe's-Law-in-action ever witnessed on the face of the internet. Fake Edit: just read the whole conversation and I still can't tell whether or not they're fucking around.
Common sense has a bias towards ppl who embrace it....
I love that comment. I may quote it in the future!
There is definitely obvious bias. People who are on that side just don't see it. I don't understand how people believe they should have full access to criminal evidence at the same time law enforcement is investigating it. Do we get to walk right into the middle of murder scenes too? I also don't understand how anyone could possibly say we shouldn't know about this. It's happening. It involves someone we are expected to make informed political decisions about. We should know. As for the warrant people are talking about now, and how the FBI hasn't even read the emails before making the announcement, come on people... Do we really believe they are going through all of this and risking charges of influencing the election with nothing at all to go on? They read them as part of the other investigation. We know this. This is how they determined what they were and their importance to the investigation. They are now asking for a warrant to ensure all the i's are dotted and t's crossed. They don't want to go through all of this for her to get off on a technicality. Before anyone makes accusations that the FBI is now on Trump's side, lets just remember that Comey would have been well taken care of in a Clinton administration after not recommending charges. He was safe. He had no motivation to attack her for sheer political reasons.
of course, you are right. Clinton, who is a lawyer, knows that the fbi CANNOT produce evidence while they are investigating. Its a talking point to try to save face and deflect and nothing more. As far as the rest, there seems to be an invisible hand moving things in the background that we -as the public aren't completely privvy to- so we will just have to wait and see on how it turns out.
There's no bias, just a nice corrected record for us all.
Jeanine Pirro and Fox are now in the tank for Clinton? Have you told them this yet?
Jeanine Pirro isn't the author of the article and with those names helping Clinton, doesn't that make it that much more pro-clinton article? (I don't even know who Jeanine Pirro is btw. I will in 2 min though) EDIT: so its a politico article. Politico has come up in the wikileaks leaks as having authors work directly with the Clinton campaign.
Regardless of how you feel about Comey, trying to not "influence the election" is impossible when he's investigating a presidential candidate. Lets be really clear here: there is no possible route he could have taken that would have had 0 impact on the race, because the person being investigated *is in that race*. Had he said nothing publicly, that influences the election too, just in favor of Clinton. Either way he's helping/hurting someone, there's no avoiding it. I don't especially like the timing of this. But the timing is not Comey's fault, or anyone's fault for that matter. Comey made the best decision given the facts of the case, even if it wasn't an ideal decision. It's important to remember that talk about "reopening an investigation" is Republican spin, not reality, and as much as I would love for there to be evidence of Clinton corruption that leads to her resignation, there's no reason to believe that this is it. If anything, Huma is screwed, not Hillary.
> But the timing is not Comey's fault, or anyone's fault for that matter. It's Hillary's fault for being a fucking idiot.
Actually you are totally wrong about that. He violated the Hatch act, and a former GWBush official, a republican, and legal professor has requested that this be looked into.
I would think a Clinton supporter would prefer to wait until a legal determination has been made before asserting that someone is guilty of something
I would hope so too. "Lock her up! Lock her up!"
Sources at the FBI have said that there is also an ongoing investigation into Trump's ties to Russia, specifically with respect to Manafort. Why didn't we get a fucking letter about that?
Presumably because Congress never called Comey to testify about that case. You seem to be misunderstanding the actual facts of the events of the past few days.
The DOJ told Comey that he did not have to send the letter.
"Did not have to" is not the same as "can't" or "is against the rules".
Anthony Weiner is a national hero
> Had he said nothing publicly, that influences the election too, just in favor of Clinton. No. No, it doesn't. By basic logic nothing cannot influence anything. Duh. Since its not a thing. The FBI has a lot of power to tear through someone's personal files and such looking for skeletons. They need it to enforce the law. Its not okay for the FBI to muck about digging up dirt on law abiding politicians. That's not okay. We do that it is a political actor. That's not okay. The FBI should not do anything unless its ready to take a legal step. Arrest someone, serve a search warrant etc. Other comments should be kept to a minimum.
silence =/= nothing.
It is amazing that there is a presidential candidate being investigated by the FBI. How can she be the nominee?
It is amazing that there are still people denying the Holocaust. How can you u/PMaDinaTuttar be [that person](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/56i0oi/world_war_ii_justified_by_former_german_soldiers/d8jgenu/?context=3)?
Twice in an hour. Some campaign going on
First one was a random encounter, after which I checked your profile to find the ['incriminating post'](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/56i0oi/world_war_ii_justified_by_former_german_soldiers/d8jgenu/?context=3). I then saw this post and couldn't resist. Hardly a campaign. edit: Also, is it really a campaign if I hold your own words that your voluntarily uttered against you?
> I don't especially like the timing of this. But the timing is not Comey's fault, or anyone's fault for that matter. Personally, I blame Clinton and the State department for dragging out the investigation prior to this point. This could have been settled months ago otherwise.
I'm surprised people aren't giving the attorney general shit. Its her party candidate that is under investigation, I mean it sounds like she is asking for special treatment. Maybe comey saw it that way too, and just got tired of the justice departments bullshit.
Wouldn't it be a worse crime to avoid investigating someone because they are in a position of influence?
Maybe, just maybe, the democratic party shouldn't have conspired to push for the presidency of someone under FBI investigation. This coming from a registered independent who wasn't allowed to vote in the primary.
Hey you're preaching to the choir here man. I'm voting Stein myself.
It is only Clinton's fault.
thank you for using logic.
Considering how un-transparent, delaying, unhelpful Clinton and her staff was to the original investigation, the timing is nothing but of their own doing. Add to the fact she was the one who made the private server, covered it up, lied, and deleted evidence, you don't get to do all these things and just blame the guy whose job it is to investigate and inform congress/american people about what's going on because he did at a time you don't like. That is as stupid as Trump saying he is going to sue everyone.
Exactly. Clinton put herself in this situation.
None of what you replied to is true, though, and Comey himself said that when explaining why the Petraeus case was prosecutable and Clinton wasn't.
Clinton didn't put herself in this situation? Really?
Don't be so obtuse. She didn't cover anything up and cooperated with the investigation, didn't lie about and obstruct the investigation, or she would have been prosecuted and the FBI said as much.
I'm obtuse? Hilarious. The FBI said she didn't turn everything over. She couldn't recall 39 times during questioning. They literally smashed devices and bleach bit records while under subpoena. It seems to me that you have some more research to do friend.
The FBI said that they looked very hard for any obstruction of justice and there was none. The only person who'd said what the post you replied to had said in suggesting there was obstruction was Chaffetz, the same guy behind the release of this current news explosion. The reason I said you were being obtuse is because instead of addressing what I replied to you with you instead just repeated your statement over again even though that wasn't even what I had addressed in the first place. Not that it matters, because that's wrong, too. It's not like she was dragging out the investigation and it just happened to come up at this late stage of the election as a result, they'd already decided back in July that nobody could be prosecuted. It came out now because of another investigation entirely, not because of anything related to anything Clinton was doing that drug it out so that their investigation was only turning things up now. And as far as research, read the FBI report and get some understanding about the smashed devices and so on. There's a reason why they said there was no criminal obstruction.
I love the timing of it. So tired of Hillary's nonsense, that is one corrupt as fuck woman She needs to go down in flames this election just to send the message to all future candidates that media suppression, corruption, social media suppression won't fly. The one thing I hate more than Trump is being manipulated, and this is one manipulative as fuck candidate.
I posted elsewhere but it was basically in agreement with you. Comey/FBI weren't the ones who caused this mess- they didn't have a private server. They had to choose from a list of distasteful choices. I think their choice to err on the side of protecting people's faith in the investigative process at the cost of being accused of political maneuvering was the overall best choice. If he was trying to sabotage Hillary why didn't he just recommend an indictment originally? Probably because he's a guy who is doing his best to do his job in an ethical and professional manner. I'm not a Trump supporter but people are acting like the only reason this stuff is even a topic is some conspiracy when the reality is it's because of elite-level poor judgement by Hillary Clinton.
You don't get it. Whether or not Hillary did something wrong, Comey intentionally released this letter to Congress 11 days before the election. Going against DOJ policy. Not having the slightest clue of what they had. Knowing full well that the GOP would use the letter to boost their poll numbers, and sway American voters. If it was the other way around, Trump voters would be screaming media bias, and a rigged election.
No I get it, I just disagree with how outrageous some people think it is. I absolutely am not a Trump supporter, btw. I just think this is a situation where there were no great choices for him to make. I'd also guess (although I may be wrong) that if this were about Trump and not Clinton the people who are outraged now would be quiet if not outright celebrating. You're certainly entitled to your opinion and have some valid concerns I just don't personally find the arguments convincing.
Sanders would be up double digits and the republican party would have exploded by now. This is the baggage you get when you nominate someone under FBI investigation.
Exactly, if Hillary didn't want this, then she shouldn't have deleted evidence and tried to hide emails or have a non-official email server to begin with. Either way, it's amazing that she keeps dodging the real issue with what is really in then emails and instead tries to put all the focus on everyone else. First Russia, now making a big deal with the FBI director doing his job. Hillary would be an amazing magician with her redirection skills.
See but this is an dangerous line of reasoning. At this point Hillary Clinton has been under investigation by the republicans for as long as Donald Trump has been audited by the IRS. To say that she shouldn't have been nominated because of this investigation is to misunderstand the republican agenda against her for the past 20 years.
Yeah, if Clinton was genuinely interested in transparency and accountability and making up for her past mistakes, she would have helped the FBI to resolve this all the way back in 2015 and the country could have put it behind us and this election might have been a bit more issue-focused. Regardless of whether Clinton actually did something horrible or not, the fact is that her uncontrollable instinct for secrecy and control is bad for politics and bad for the country. We *need* transparency, badly, and we won't get a fucking inch of it under Clinton. Not that Trump would be any better (pretty sure he'd be worse), but I'm not into moral relativism. Bad is bad.
Maybe don't nominate someone under investigation if you don't want those investigations interfering with the election...
So then they FBI or any law enforcement organization can just open up an investigation against any candidate they don't want to be elected? What could go wrong?
>can just open up an investigation against any candidate they don't want to be elected? lmao, you would actually have to "do something" to get investigated. You can't just open an investigation.
>You can't just open an investigation. Sure they can. There's absolutely nothing stopping them. It's not like there's a constitutional protection against being investigated.
Of course, however police can't just "investigate" anyone they want at any given time. You have to at least do something worth their attention. Especially the FBI.
If they want to investigate some political candidate, they can. They would already have their attention.
They can't... Ask a police officer if they can go investigate Clinton right now. You're implying any police office can just investigate anyone they want, they can't.
What's stopping them, the captain? What's stopping the captain from opening an investigation into a candidate he doesn't like?
Him getting fired... Do you honestly think any police department can open an investigation on a presidential candidate just because... To answer your question, what the fuck will the captain say? "Oh yea, no evidence, I just don't like the guy" lol there's a process to an investigation you have to go through. However you thinking a captain is the one that opens an investigation I don't think you know anything about this at all
Are you saying Hillary hasn't done anything worth investigating?
I'm saying not voting for a candidate just because they're under investigation sets a dangerous precedent that would give law enforcement the unchecked power to essentially end the candidacy of anyone they didn't like.
Because before the FBI investigation there was absolutely zero indication that Hillary Clinton was corrupt. None. Zero.
Better that he be transparent than hide information. If the American public would change their decision if they knew the investigation had been restarted, they deserve to be told. It doesn't matter if you think changing your vote based on this information is stupid. Democracy is democracy. People deserve to make their choices based on all the information. Transparency is the most important element of any election and I'm surprised people are so opposed to it.
It's more complicated than that. Transparency isn't so simple when you say a true fact, but you *know* that the only results of you saying that are that people are going to spin huge falsehoods out of it. In theory Comey was just being transparent, but the cons are that people will misunderstand and spin that to mean that Clinton has done something wrong, and the pros are... nothing. There's no valuable information in what he said. So the only outcome of his transparency is the spread of falsehoods, basically. It's not his fault that campaigners are full of shit and voters are ignorant and susceptible to propaganda, but he should be weighing the pros and cons of his actions, and if there are no pros to him breaking department policy, he should just do things the normal way.
Are you seriously advocating the restriction of information because people spin things? Christ...
> advocating the restriction of information That's a sensationalist way of looking at it. It's the Justice Department's policy not to comment on ongoing investigations, and their policy to not discuss political investigations within 60 days of an election. If you think anyone is being secretive, blame the Justice Department's established protocols, not me. Comey chose to ignore those policies, which is appropriate if he had something important to say, but *this wasn't important to say*, because there was no information in it as to whether Clinton did something wrong or not. I'm not saying you should restrict information because people spin things, I'm saying that you shouldn't go out of your way to pointlessly inject loud noise into the public sphere, because people spin things.
It's unheard of for the FBI to make an ongoing investigation public.
but, but, but hillary has the most transparent campaign in history! thanks to julian.
And still no smoking gun...
There's so much smoke it's hard to read all this incriminating shit: http://www.mostdamagingwikileaks.com/
I'm looking at the #1 email right now, which I'm going to assume is supposed to be the biggest bombshell? It's vague and the commentary that goes along with it is not only incorrect based on what's on the email (it says Obama found out about it when he saw it on the news, meaning after the scandal had broken - the president not making an issue out of the emails not saying state.gov doesn't suddenly mean he was in on a scheme to cover up a secret server or even that he knew about it) but it's also just jam-packed with assumptions about motives (my favorite, the plainly asserted: "Hillary Clinton set up her private server to hide her pay to play deals discovered throughout these leaks, and to prevent FOIA (Freedom of Information Act) requests" - NOTHING in that email has anything to do with that). I can see why you'd think the way you do if you're reading filtered sources like this. Let me know if I need to keep reading or if they're all like this...
We'll see what these 650000 emails bring to light. These are professional criminals, they don't leave paper trails that say "On monday, hillary wants us to commit voter fraud", or "we have to kill seth rich". Its circumstantial because she, and her whole campaign, are professional criminals that are selling our US policy to the highest bidder.
It's either that or they're actually not that interesting. But fantasize away, don't let me stop you.
Yeah a foundation with billions from foreign sources and literal emails exposing all the shit she's lied about is provably just a case of people being bored there's probably absolutely nothing to it.
You'd be surprised how much people are willing to look the other way or justify things they would normally condemn when it comes to defending their candidate of choice. It's equally true of both sides.
I don't think it is. Trump supporters are willing to ignore the implications of scandals involving him, but if you ask them most of them will agree that those scandals should be investigated. For example, most of them think the sex abuse women should take criminal action, even though they think they are lying. They mostly want more transparency, they're just biased about ignoring what that transparency reveals. It surprises me, to be honest. Normally both sides *are* equally as selective in their justifications.
[Department policy is to say nothing about any on going investigation within 60 days of the election.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/james-comey-is-damaging-our-democracy/2016/10/29/894d0f5e-9e49-11e6-a0ed-ab0774c1eaa5_story.html) >Decades ago, the department decided that in the 60-day period before an election, the balance should be struck against even returning indictments involving individuals running for office, as well as against the disclosure of any investigative steps. The reasoning was that, however important it might be for Justice to do its job, and however important it might be for the public to know what Justice knows, because such allegations could not be adjudicated, such actions or disclosures risked undermining the political process. A memorandum reflecting this choice has been issued every four years by multiple attorneys general for a very long time, including in 2016.
Lol I would expect nothing less than this kind of clickbait hit job from the once-great Washington Post. > First, the FBI director, James B. Comey, put himself enthusiastically forward as the arbiter of not only whether to prosecute a criminal case — which is not the job of the FBI — but also best practices in the handling of email and other matters. This article is pretty fictitious man. Try something better.
It's written by two former deputy attorney generals not the Washington Post. They just published it.
Yeah, and they shouldn't have, because it's crap. If the Post want's to take a side in this election - and I'm not necessarily suggesting that they shouldn't - they should at least do it with a little integrity and journalistic ethics. The NYTimes has struck that balance pretty well; the Post is essentially a Clinton super-pac at this point.
> Yeah, and they shouldn't have, because it's crap. > Based on what? These two used to be high level government officials. I think they understand the department's policies better than you do.
> Based on what? Based on the fact that it challenges his preconceived notions.
No, don't you see? He is from the internet, he *knows* things.
Because WaPo has had the audacity to portray Trump negatively (Farenthold articles, etc.).
Yeah, who the fuck is this rando to tell us two former deputy AGs' opinions mean nothing?
Really? There is a policy on FBI investigations of *Presidential elections*?? I thought that was Hillary's dubious honor alone.....
It's fine. They're ignored tons of policy, such as recording interviews to see if people were perjuring themselves, since lying to the FBI is illegal.
Who cares? Hillary perjured herself in front of the committee on oversight and government reform roughly 10 times, and Comey flat out told Chaffetz "i ain't doing nuthin about that without a referral from congress dude!" The Clinton are making american democracy a joke once more. They should have been run out of the country after Whitewater, travelgate, spygate, stealing White House furniture, impeachment, cattle futures and the rest of their scandals.
Why didn't he wait a day or two to get a warrant and then give an overview of the documents?
DOJ would never let him get a warrant. DOJ is 97% clinton donors. Loretta lynch was appointed by bill clinton and met with him on a plane. Anthony weiner however, gave his laptop to the FBI. So no warrant needed.
> DOJ would never let him get a warrant http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/31/us/politics/justice-department-warrant-clinton-abedin-fbi.html Presumably that's the LIBERAL MEDIA lying to us again? I hate it when they do that!
Anthony Weiner gave the FBI his laptop. Warrant not needed.
Then why did they apply for one and get one issued?
ask them
An overview of 650,000 docs? Uh...
Because Wiener gave them permission to search the device.
No need for a warrant now. Weiner gave the FBI access lol.
They didn't need a warrant. Weiner let them take the laptop and look at it. I don't know why everyone is still tossing around the warrant line.
Because they did need a warrant, and you're simply wrong.
Well, the overview doesn't have a set amount of time in which they know the overview will be done. Neither does the warrant, though that's more reliable. Had he done what you said, and god forbid something WAS in the emails, imagine these headlines: "Comey withholds information from Congress about Hillary days before election" "Comey received word of more emails and kept quiet" "Comey: 'I didn't think it was necessary to report developments in email scandal' " Shit like that. Comey made the best move he could with the information he had. He did what he said he'd do, he did what Congress asked of him, he did his job.
Because he didn't need a warrant. Anthony Weiner voluntarily gave them access.
The la times has reported that the emails did not come from Clinton and they were not sent to her either. So what is the basis of opening the investigation? It seems very political at this point.
Same thing happened in the Bush/Clinton '92 election 4 days before the vote. The vote swung heavily in Clinton's favor but you won't see his wife bringing that up right now.
Weiner gave permission to search the device, no warrant needed.
He did the press conference on a Friday, which is the day you do these kinds of things so it's old news when the press cycle begins anew on Monday.
because the the attorney general refused him to even send a letter to Congress in the first place, the attorney general is refusing to give them a search warrant so they can look at the emails. because the attorney general is part of Hillary's spiderweb of cooruption and is protecting a criminal.
This is such a key understanding right here. People keep saying that he was in an impossible situation because he's investigating a presidental canidate. No, no he isn't. He doesn't know if there is even an ounce of new evidence to be investigated. All he knew was that he has some emails from a clinton aid that are involved in a completly and totally sperate investigation than the old one of clinton. He made up his mind to break goverment policy and declare that these emails might be relevant for no other reason than he wanted to. This was a brutal political attack that was only possible by his abuse of power. He needs to be fired now. America can't have the FBI director turning the FBI into a wing of the gop.
> America can't have the FBI director turning the FBI into a wing of the gop. The FBI was never apolitical. Remember J. Edgar Hoover? Or that time they tried to get MLK to kill himself?
> This was a brutal political attack that was only possible by his abuse of power. He needs to be fired now. America can't have the FBI director turning the FBI into a wing of the gop. Jesus Christ
WSJ reporting 650,000 weiner emails. Say 1,000's could be connected to Clinton's server.
God, this is just so crazy. Stop. Hillary Clinton is corrupt. You are going to lose your mind defending her for 8 years straight, give it up.
US Attorney Preet Bharara is the one investigating Weiner and turned over the emails to the FBI. Bharara is tough as nails against any kind of corruption, and has a solid reputation. If he is involved, and turning information over, it is going to be done by the book. It is not like the DOJ was blindsided, not when it was a US District Attorney who found the emails. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/10/28/how-the-anthony-weiner-sexting-scandal-hit-the-hillary-clinton-c/ Preet Bharara, the New York prosecutor known as one of the toughest in America, issued a subpoena for Mr Weiner's mobile phone and other electronic records after the “sexting” came to light in September. It is believed this sparked the reopening of the closed investigation.
He either sends this letter or the information is leaked out. How do I know? Because all we know about the emails, except the existence of them is a leak... It was a cover your ass move by Comey.
Lol. Maybe hillary shouldn't have put herself in this position.
All the sudden stickers for following department policy, are we? If he should be fired for it then so should Clinton.
He told congress the case was closed. There's new evidence, that makes that statement false. So he should be found in contempt of congress because it's her turn?
You seem to know an awful lot about the specific details of what the Director of the FBI knows and doesn't know. You're serious?
Basing off what he has said, he doesnt know the content of the emails. Just that a clinton aide has emails
Comey didn't release the letter. He followed through on the exact path that was laid down before he closed the case before. He told them they would be informed if more information came to light. So he informed them. If he really wanted to stage a brutal political attack, he could have recommended prosecution. He had more than enough evidence to push for a gross negligence violation of the espionage act. And I think everyone, secretly including Trump supporters, would have breathed a sigh of relief as President Biden was sworn in.
> a gross negligence violation of the espionage act That's... not a thing. The law requires *intent*, which is the opposite of negligence.
The issue that people have with that is he informed them despite **not knowing** if more information has come to light. He passed on what is essentially hearsay. 'We found these emails. Maybe they're relevant to Hilary. Maybe they're not. I don't know. Just thought you might like to know though.' That's not telling them of a development because there is no development. There is no development until such a time as they actually have new emails that would lead to them actually reconsidering their decision not to indict. It appears that he was covering his ass more than anything but he is still entirely in the wrong for what he did. He should not have informed Congress that there was any change in the status of the investigation unless there was actually new evidence to justify changing the status, and he has absolutely no idea if the emails justify it or not.
He was required by Congress to tell them. So....
Required to tel them if there were any developments in the case requiring it to be reopened. What new evidence has been uncovered that requires the case to be reopened? We don't know. Because nobody knows what's in the emails because they don't have a warrant to search them. What we do have is emails that need to be investigated that might possibly lead to the investigation being reopened, but until there is anything that actually leads to it being reopened he has nothing to inform Congress of. By this reasoning he would have to inform Congress if he got some random tip of something that might possibly be pertinent to the emails even if he hadn't investigated the tip, which is absolutely ludicrous.
Exactly - if this was purely political why not recommend indictment when he had the chance? Rather than reply to each individual: If his goals were political he could have recommended to indict. Prosecutor could have either declined his recommendation (damage to Hilary is done and it looks like cronyism) or prosecuted (no way the trial is done before election and there is a pretty slim chance a nominee under indictment gets elected). It's just a ton more likely that he had a few crappy options to select from and went with what he thought was best/most ethical/etc. Keep in mind - the FBI isn't the one who made the terrible choice to have a private server. I don't think Hillary should go to jail (and she's better candidate than trump) but as the saying goes "Play stupid games win stupid prizes". A bad decision is coming back to haunt her.
The other four people who replied obviously never read the gross negligence clause. It doesn't require intent. She was "extremely careless" according to the FBI, and "hostile actors" gained access to information because of it. It's a slam dunk.
Cool, go ahead and try and prosecute. Good luck.
If you want to abuse to the espionage act to rein in whistleblowers. Don't be surprised when you open yourself up to the same treatment. There wouldn't be any try involved. The law is stated plainly. If they decided to go ahead with it, she would be convicted. The only reason they didn't is because traditionally, before the Obama Administration, the espionage act wasn't used this often. Legally, by the definition of the law. She would be fucked.
So get out of your armchair and get your actual law degree and pass the bar and prosecute her if it's so slam-dunk. I mean, you've already got all the evidence you need, right?
Why don't you go try to read it and see what is states. It isn't hard.
I'm not really sure if I think she should have been indicted. But if this were purely political on Comeys part, recommending an indictment would have been the no brained decision.
because there was not enough evidence for an indictment?
Because he knew he couldnt convict. As he said at the time.
Well, he doesn't convict anyone. That would be up to the Attorney General and the federal prosecutors. He said that no reasonable prosecutor would take the case, simply due to a lack of identifiable motive and prior precedence to prosecute these type of cases against "accidental" confidentiality breaches. In his defense, he did also say that it's reasonable to assume that anyone else currently serving office would face serious punishment. My spouse, who works in military intelligence, would undoubtedly be facing a life-altering court martial for committing the same type of negligence. A criminal case *can* move forward on shaky evidence. It happens all of the time, and occasionally leads to convictions. But in Comey's original press conference, he basically says that no prosecutor would want to take the case due to the lack of motive: > In our system, the prosecutors make the decisions about whether charges are appropriate based on evidence the FBI has helped collect. Although we don’t normally make public our recommendations to the prosecutors, we frequently make recommendations and engage in productive conversations with prosecutors about what resolution may be appropriate, given the evidence. In this case, given the importance of the matter, I think unusual transparency is in order. > Although there is evidence of potential violations of the statutes regarding the handling of classified information, our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case. Prosecutors necessarily weigh a number of factors before bringing charges. There are obvious considerations, like the strength of the evidence, especially regarding intent. Responsible decisions also consider the context of a person’s actions, and how similar situations have been handled in the past. > In looking back at our investigations into mishandling or removal of classified information, we cannot find a case that would support bringing criminal charges on these facts. All the cases prosecuted involved some combination of: clearly intentional and willful mishandling of classified information; or vast quantities of materials exposed in such a way as to support an inference of intentional misconduct; or indications of disloyalty to the United States; or efforts to obstruct justice. We do not see those things here. > To be clear, this is not to suggest that in similar circumstances, a person who engaged in this activity would face no consequences. To the contrary, those individuals are often subject to security or administrative sanctions. But that is not what we are deciding now. > As a result, although the Department of Justice makes final decisions on matters like this, we are expressing to Justice our view that no charges are appropriate in this case.
He could still recommend prosecution, even if he didn't think it'd be successful. If he wanted to torpedo her shot at the election, that was the time to do it, because even if she wasn't convicted she'd still be tainted.
That would have been the end of his career, a violation of a prosecutor's ethical duty, and could have even led to charges of malicious prosecution.
Um, because he didn't have a case?
Maybe he didn't actually have a case?
You have no idea what he knows. I think he did know the consequences of sending the letter so my guess is it's something somewhat significant.
He said himself in his vague letter that he doesn't know if this is anything significant. So your guess is just that, a guess. This highlights the real problem here. Comey didn't do anything to further information voters. He vomited up a mad lib or Rorschach test, and hinted that it may or may not have some connection to the Democratic candidate. So he didn't think that Trump and the Republicans would roll with that, create their own interpretation, and fill in the blanks with bullshit to fit their narrative in the final days of the election. He didn't know that Trump would say that this "proves that Crooked Hillary is CROOKED, folks,", when we don't even know if or how this relates to Clinton at all? He's either incredibly stupid (I doubt it), or this has been designed by him and his fellow Republicans as an intentional October Surprise (bingo). He has publicised and politicized the FBI in a way that he knew would hurt the Democrats and affect the election, and he should be held accountable.
The Ag warned him, he knew what he was doing. I'm wondering if its not just a way to get *himself* some attention, without necessarily a political motivation-at least not for the two candidates.
No I do actually. I know he knows nothing. He hasn't read the emails. He doesn't have the legal authority to do so yet. If had read them when he wrote that letter it means he violated the 4th amendment and is in a whole different legal problem. So either he violated the consitution or he created a compeltly bogus political attack. Also, your guess might be right. If only our FBI director actually had someone read the emails and provide a summary of their findings...
Not having read the emails didn't mean he knows nothing. So they found emails and reported them. It could have simply been a, "we found emails from ____ to ____ ." Or "hey we came across these emails titled '______' and you should look into them." Both of those situations gives him reason to inform congress of his intention to look into them. He probably knows that the emails came from two people important to the case, or worst case scenario they contained actual classification markings or classified material in the subject. So I wouldn't say he knows nothing, especially if he knows enough to have made this case visible again.
They may have run some keyword searches and come up with a list of emails containing relevant terms without actually opening and reading any of them individually. Not a lawyer but possibly something like that would be on the legal side of the line while providing an indication of pertinence (Comeys term)?
sure that is legal, if you ignore the constitution and do whatever the hell you want. If they can't read the emails they cant run them through a key word searcher. Think about that for three seconds. No, his indication of pertinence was that his party was about to wiped out of power and he decided to abuse his office to stop that. every day he continues to lead the fbi further degrades the organizations ability to operate. They can't have a political hack in charge of a nonpolitical organization.
The FBI stated they looked at enough of the emails to decide they were pertinent to the Clinton investigation. Of course they're looking at them and it's not a violation of the Fourth.
No. the director declared they were most likely pertinent. You know, before he could legally have seen any of the context of these emails. So once again. Either he was lying through his ass or he broke the law. I'm not sure why people are defending him. do you really want one of the nations chief law officers to be creating political scandals out of thin air or violating the law? Both parties should be horrified that he has tuned the fbi into a political weapon. Whenever the fbi has a democrat as its director in the future, do republicans really want there to be precedent for that democrat director to make up random crap about republican candidates?
They don't have a warrant for the new emails. If they do know what's in them then they are either in violation of the fourth amendment and anything there will be suppressed or it means they already have the emails.
That's not true at all. The warner search warrant may say they can search files relevant to the sexting, which would require looking at the files to determine if it's relevant not. If it's not they have to stop looking. That is how wiretaps work, for example. They can listen until they realize you are just talking to your mom about family stuff. But if your mom admits that she's planning to steal a car before they determine it's a personal call, they can use that information to get a warrant for her.
The FBI disagrees. http://www.npr.org/2016/10/30/499960392/5-things-we-know-about-the-fbi-clinton-email-inquiry-and-4-things-we-dont
It's not entirely clear that the emails would be suppressed. The important piece is that you cannot assert your Fourth Amendment rights for someone else. If we are talking about these emails in the context of a criminal case against HRC, she has no 4A interests in the Weiner/Abedin computer. It's impossible to say for sure, though, because of all the information we don't know.
I don't think you understand how the FBI works.
Preet Bahara, one of the toughest prosecutors in the country, is the one who subpoenaed Weiner's equipment. We don't know how much he has seen, but it's likely that Comey referred to the emails as "pertinent" because Bahara informed him so. Since Comey testified under oath to inform congress of any changes to the case (which has yet to be officially closed), he didn't have any other options.
Hehe equipment 
> but it's likely that Comey referred to the emails as "pertinent" because Bahara informed him so. That's an assumption.
Which is why he said "likely" instead of "definitely". Do you feel smarter than him for saying that?
It's a logical assumption, but still conjecture, which is why I called it likely.
Except he did have another option, which was to reveal anything that is damning after going through those emails if there was anything damning at all. Your argument is that he cries wolf because of an assumption as an only option is absurd and against the [Hatch Act](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hatch_Act_of_1939) since he knew it would affect the election.
He did not put out this statement publicly. It was made to congress, where a certain member leaked it to the press. There is no way that's a violation of the Hatch Act as he was fulfilling his obligation to congress.
But his internal letter to the FBI shows that's incorrect - he knew the information would be made public: >Of course, we don’t ordinarily tell Congress about ongoing investigations, but here I feel an obligation to do so given that I testified repeatedly in recent months that our investigation was completed. **I also think it would be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record**. At the same time, however, **given that we don’t know the significance of this newly discovered collection of emails**, I don’t want to create a misleading impression. In trying to strike that balance, in a brief letter and in the middle of an election season, there is significant risk of being misunderstood, but I wanted you to hear directly from me about it.
That doesn't mean he is guilty of leaking it. I also don't think the hatch act necessarily applies here.
He swore under oath to inform congress if there were any new emails. Upon learning of new pertinent emails from the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, he fulfilled his duty by informing congress.
He doesn't yet know if there are 'new emails' though. They could all be duplicates. By the way, do you have any idea what his exact words were when he promised to update congress? I am looking through the transcripts but the phrase 'new emails' isn't there.
That would be unconstitutional.
Elaborate.
Their warrant will cover any electronic communication to and from Weiner. They then see evidence of Huma's communication (or evidence of communication by someone other than Weiner), probably by searching the metadata. In order to look at any of her communication, they'd have to get a warrant to do so, because she is not a party named on the original warrant. They have no authorization to look into another individuals information.
> Their warrant will cover any electronic communication to and from Weiner. Have you read their warrant?
So if the FBI is investigating me for selling illegal firearms and in searching my computer they find a cache of child porn, too bad coppers, ya found it without a warrant. Yea, dont think so.
False equivalence.
False equivalence -5 points. If he's being investigated for child porn and his emails are checked looking for cp then that's legal. If his emails that have nothing to do with cp are read and *scrutinized* than any evidence of a *separate crime* in a separate case would be in admissible because although you can have a cursory look at his emails searching analysis and research into what you believe to be a separate crime would be illegal under the fourth amendment. The proper equivalence would be if a drug dealers house is raided and searched his home and found an illegal gun in plain sight. They don't know it's illegal but they can run the serial number and find out if it's registered in state and stolen. What the FBI did was equivalent to searching his home finding a gun box and then opening the gunbox that contains an illegal firearm, any evidence proving that the firearm is illegal would be thrown out of court because it's a drug case, you're looking for drugs so why are you opening gun boxes.
Except none of this applies since [Weiner is reportedly cooperating with the FBI and voluntarily permitting the search of his device](http://www.theadvocate.com/baton_rouge/news/politics/article_d5bc95a9-e68f-57a8-974f-c7fb5552439c.html)
Get a good lawyer(which EVERYONE in this sense would have) and you could make that argument.
No, but if they find out you had a cache of child porn after the investigation is over, they need a new warrant to give the hard drive image another look.
But they found child porn, meaning they know it's there so that's why they need a warrant. Same thing with Clinton's case.
They literally don't have access to those emails for the Clinton investigation because they were still seeking a warrant as noted by Comey himself.
It doesn't matter, they were looking at the laptop because of weiner and found them.
Not knowing what's in this emails is irrelevant. The letter was to let Congress know they're investigate. The first step in investigation is to seek information and that's what the FBI is doing. He's actually doing the us a favor. After the election when Hillary's won Trump's backers can't use this as an example of how the system was "rigged". He put it out there and now we can move past it somewhat informed.
https://twitter.com/joshrogin/status/792752933892874240
Check again. Weiner is cooperating with the FBI and has given them permission to search his device. No warrant necessary.
They do have access to the emails. They know generally what they have. Once they knew it didnt pertain to the Weiner case, they had to stop looking or they would be outside of their warrant for that case. To look in depth at these emails, they need a warrant. At least that is my take.
All the FBI knows is that they found emails involving Abadin while investigating Weiner's communications in the sexting probe, as soon as it became apparent they were a separate matter, which could be filtered and segregated from the Weiner stuff by sender and recipient addresses without actually reading the content of the emails proper, they became a completely independent entity that the FBI did NOT have the legal authority to go through at that time. All they probably know of the actual email contents is the brief snippet of one email some dude must've read before he realized what he was dealing with, which by itself wouldn't be illegal since the FBI didn't know what they were dealing with until that light went on: it's the same reason you can't charge some average joe with unauthorized access to classified information if a classified paper somehow made its way into his ream and he unwittingly read a nuclear launch code or something. Any further analysis of the emails requires a court order, which Comey did not have at the time he sent out that letter.
You're just muddying the water right now-- Weiner is said to be cooperating with the FBI and has allegedly given them permission to examine the evidence on his device. They have definitely begun to examine the contents of the emails and would not have put out a statement if it was not necessary due to the significance/relevance of the evidence.
>They ... would not have put out a statement if it was not necessary due to the significance/relevance of the evidence. You are assuming that and trusting that the decision to inform congress came from impartial concern. But if that was the case, if Comey actually knew anything about the contents of the emails, he should have been more definitive in his letter to congress. Saying "we have discovered new, unread emails that the FBI did not have access to during our previous investigation" would make his disclosure relevant. On the other hand, if we find out in two weeks that these emails are all duplicates or that they only cast doubt on Abedin's practices and have nothing to with Hillary herself, then his move to get this information released can only be seen as suspicious and misguided. The fact that Comey's statements have left things open to interpretation between these two possibilities should alarm anyone. If the new source of emails is nothing, then headlines are unfairly swaying misinformed voters. If there is something there, then that information should come out before the election, so voters can take that into account. EDIT: Even if Weiner gave permission to search the device, that would not extend to Abedin's stuff. She would have to consent to a separate search, which has not even been attempted.
> Even if Weiner gave permission to search the device, that would not extend to Abedin's stuff. She would have to consent to a separate search, which has not even been attempted. I don't think that is true.
So we are in basic agreement. The FBI knows in very general terms what they have, but need a warrant to investigate.
Only in the most broad, vague sense of "knowing" what the emails are. They could be classified information, they could be innocuous chatter and gossip or mundane things like whether they should serve chicken or fish at the upcoming delegate dinner; they could be brand spanking new, they could be complete duplicates of emails they've seen thus far. They literally have no idea if any of this is of significance whatsoever, just that they were sent/received by Abadin, and yet Comey made a big deal out of them anyway despite being told by numerous FBI and DoJ officials and basic professionalism and common sense not to.
What big deal did he make? He simply told congress that his testimony that the case was finished is no longer accurate. Thats it. Democrats are acting like he sent a letter to congress saying that the FBI got Hillary good this time with a hand drawn photo of her being dismembered.
They have access to the emails obviously. They even said they looked at enough emails to decide they were pertinent. A warrant just means they have official permission to continue searching through them for a different Investigation than the Weiner one, not some magical barrier that prevents them from looking at them. You're being a little ridiculous with these assertions.
Nope they actually haven't looked at any of the emails yet. All they know is that the emails were sent to Clinton
False. Here you go: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hatPBWjTaic
Did you literally just link a video of a guy theorizing on what happened? What? The FBI doesn't yet have a warrant to look at the emails. They know Abedins emails are saved on the computer but have not looked at any of them.
No, he said he has sources within the FBI. Host: "...and you know that as a fact?" Fuentes: "Yes, I do, from senior officials at the FBI -- in and out of the bureau -- the team doing the Weiner investigation took the information they got from that computer, to the team that had done the Clinton email investigation, and the two teams went to the Director Comey, and the next day put out the letter."
>All they know is that the emails were sent to Clinton I feel like fucking know one actually knows what's going on. I just saw some top comment saying "none of the emails were to Clinton" Then something about the FBI getting a warrant, then about how they already went through the emails cause Weiner gave them permission.
Not sure how people are confusing all these details so much. It's been pretty widely publicized that they were seeking a warrant and just got it tonight.
Stop reading headlines and start reading articles, you're very wrong.
Sounds like you have only been reading headlines. They haven't seen the emails yet
Got links to some?
https://twitter.com/joshrogin/status/792752933892874240
Oh so that's why the FBI is working on getting a warrant...
Isn't it the wives computer they want in addition?
He is under subpoena by congress to keep them up to date with any new information regarding this case. and you saying its a political attack is fucking hilarious and so far off base considering you didnt mention anything in my first sentence in this post.
He had a moral duty to ignore that subpoena.
....What? That is the god damn stupidest thing i've read today. Morals should not even be considered in this situation because you are WORKING FOR THE GOD DAMN GOVERNMENT. You follow the law. Period. Your opinions shouldnt matter. If you want to protest some moral issue do it on your own time, but as for being a government paid employee, this is just ignorant.
>under subpoena by congress Hillary proved that doesn't mean anything already.
Why did Congress announce something when there isn't any information
Do I really have to answer this question? Why was there millions of dollars more spent investigating Benghazi over the attacks on 9/11? Why did they try to repeal Obamacare 20+ times? Do you not think this is completely politically motivated on the part of congress? If you dont I got a monorail to sell ya.
Yeah seriously. "Him obeying the law is a political attack." No, morons, it's him following a demand congress has made of him. He doesn't have a choice.
ITT: People are all constitutional lawyers and are never wrong. I'm not an attorney and will willingly admit that, but there are some simple things I understand. This is one of them. If you are required to let congress know of any new developments, you tell them. Seems pretty simple to me.
But we don't even know if there is new information on the case - Comey gave Congress a letter with nothing but rank speculation.
This is exactly what he was supposed to do. He said we "found something" essentially.
It does not matter. There are new emails, thats literally all that we know unless you work for the FBI. He is **required by law** to give congress this information. Now they could be duplicates of the emails already handed over or they might not. We dont know. BUT he is required to let congress know.
> This was a brutal political attack that was only possible by his abuse of power. He needs to be fired now. America can't have the FBI director turning the FBI into a wing of the gop. Back in July when Republicans were accusing Comey of being corrupt and playing politics, Hillary supporters defended Comey by saying he was [just doing his job.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/blaming-mr-comey-for-doing-his-job/2016/07/06/7e46eaf6-43b0-11e6-bc99-7d269f8719b1_story.html?utm_term=.79efda2160b9) Less than 4 months later, Comey doing his job might hurt Hillary's campaign, so he's suddenly ["damaging Democracy"](https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/james-comey-is-damaging-our-democracy/2016/10/29/894d0f5e-9e49-11e6-a0ed-ab0774c1eaa5_story.html?utm_term=.8b764d95c60d) So maybe Americans should let the guy do his job instead of accusing him of being in the bag for the candidate they don't want to be president whenever he does something people don't like.
You're acting as if critics are holding a double standard when it's Comey himself who's completely reversed his approach to investigation protocol. This guy just took the podium and announced with immense fanfare that he MIGHT have... Wait for it... Wait for it.... Something!! Critics, and I count myself among them, are completely astounded that the very man who once exhibited such discipline and restraint has deliberately attempted to influence a presidential election with nothing more evidentiary than a HUNCH. If that doesn't merit a bipartisan WTF than I don't know what does.
If Comey wanted attention he would have made the announcement on a Monday, at the start of the news cycle and not Friday, which is when you hope everyone's forgotten about what you said by Monday.
> This guy just took the podium and announced with immense fanfare that he MIGHT have... Wait for it... Wait for it.... Something!! But... he didn't. He simply informed the Congressional Oversight Committee (which he answers to, due to the checks and balances of our nation) that he had to amend his testimony in regards to a case that was pseudo-"closed." Don't exaggerate; he didn't take a podium, he sent a three-paragraph letter informing them that the investigation was still ongoing and required another cautious look based off of information that just surfaced. Could be something worthwhile that warrants a full investigation into Clinton and her aides, or it could be nothing. Anyone trying to guess is doing just that: guessing. The letter contained no new information regarding the case, just let it be known that his testimony, which he gave months ago, was no longer valid. This is something he *has* to do, the very tenets of checks and balances are based upon the notion that each branch has some sway over the other. The FBI director being able to keep entire investigations into presidential candidates hidden is a scary thought, and can lead to nothing good. I'll be honest - I desperately want Clinton to win this election because the idea of a Trump presidency scares the shit out of me (with an SO that's currently serving in an intelligence field). But, and a huge but, Comey did nothing wrong here by me. I always promote transparency, whether it benefits or demerits a candidate of either party. If they're going to circumvent guidelines and laws either through idiocy or malice, the fault lies solely at their feet. There wouldn't have been an investigation to begin with if Hillary had just served by state department protocols. Plus, this happening is something that is totally unprecedented. There has never been a presidential candidate campaigning while under FBI investigation, and in this election, we have *two*. The timing of this is noteworthy, but it makes sense that Comey would want to inform his superiors (Congress) that the investigation had to be looked upon again. If it came out that he kept this hidden throughout the election cycle, half of the country would crucify him for being political... it just so happens that the timing goes against the other half of the country, who think him coming forward immediately is being political.
> This is something he has to do except his internal letter to the FBI said that this isn't something he ordinarily does.
Right. I am generally a left-leaning guy but I find it amusing how back in July, Comey was the Democrats' savior and Republicans' nemesis, and now the opposite narratives are playing out.
[deleted]
What are you getting at? He wasn't allowed to say anything negative about Clinton during a congressional hearing about an investigation into her shady e-mail practices? Perhaps you interpreted it as a "Hillary Clinton roast" because *she fucked up and he explained how*. Do I think her fuckup is as big of a deal as Trump and the right are making it out to be? No. But she herself admitted to making a mistake. You're acting like he shouldn't acknowledge that.
[deleted]
> All I was saying was how Comey was never in anyway a savior to a lot of people on the Democrats. I guess I was going senile when a trove of Clinton surrogates praised Comey in July for being a professional and not participating in the partisan witch hunt against Clinton, while Republicans trashed him for clearly being in the tank for her. Now the same Dems are on all the Sunday shows questioning his professionalism and obvious bias, while the Republicans are praising him for doing his due diligence or whatever. You are kidding yourself if you don't think that's a 180 for both sides. edit: Thanks for the downvote. Sorry to rain on your hypocrite parade.
Because, as hard as it is for you to see since you're probably pissed off right now, it's better that he do it sooner, because it gives more time for people to get past the initial outrage. An actual full review of the emails could take more than two weeks, so any information he could give before the election was always gonna be preliminary and was always gonna generate excitement and probably some anger. What he's done is like yanking off a bandaid - it hurts, sure, but its better to get this out in the open now.
Weeks to examine them? Any two litigation paralegals hired off the street could review 20000+ in one day to determine "From" and "To." And that's disregarding metadata searches. Which could be done before you could fix a cup of coffee. It appears you think FBI agents are incompetent.
Lol no, you're seriously not getting this? Comey specifically said that they needed to check for classified information in the emails. Doing *that* could take weeks, and without having done that, he wouldn't be able to say anything of more substance than he did on Friday.
BS. This is why the FBI isn't supposed to publicly comment. Because shit like this happens. Comeys press conference, the testimony to congress, this announcement, all inapropriate. All Comeys fault.
Let's not kill the messenger. If Clinton hadn't been a dope with her email, none of this would have happened and we wouldn't even known Comey's name.
TIL a letter sent to senators = a public comment
[removed]
lol wow ok then, kid
Just because someone doesn't agree with you, doesn't make them a troll.
You don't think his press conference was public comment?
what press conference are you talking about?
Yeah I don't think people understand the outrage that would have happened if Hilary won and the emails ended up being powerful enough to indict her. And that at least some of that info was known before the voting was finished.
Because then he gets excoriated for sitting on them. He's doing this as well as it can be done here, and I say that as a guy who filled in the bubble for Hillary already.
Except he doesn't get shit on by anyone who **doesn't already think he's corrupt** aka trump supporters. So what's the actual risk of *doing his job* if those people *already* think he's corrupt? Why not just shut the hell up and let the fascist trump supporters continue to think everyone is against them? Are you seriously saying that waiting two days and getting a good press release out is comparable to dropping this vague nonsense press release prematurely? The Dems are about to win the presidency and perhaps the senate, it makes absolutely no sense to piss them all off 10 days before the election just to placate some uneducated conspiracy theorists on the far right.
He's broken his own organisations investigation protocol which is as far from six of one half dozen of the other as you get. There's NO equivalence between keeping his mouth shut until he has actual EVIDENCE to share and announcing to the world that he ****might have something****. Note the words"might" and "something" aren't words ascribed to EVIDENCE, much less of an ongoing investigation. The director of the FBI is compromising his own investigation by blatantly demonstrating partiality.
I think your blaming the wrong group here. The media blew this outside of proportion. This should be a non-factor. This was all about Anthony wiener.
It's the law. You or your candidate might not understand it, but it has to be followed regardless of your political leanings. Stay mad though, the logic angry Hillary people are spouting is funny to read.
But he was told not to announce anything until he knew what he was dealing with. He literally said, SOME EMAILS ABOUT HILLARY WERE SHOWN SO WE ARE GOING TO READ THEM. at the time, he had no fucking clue what was in them and announced anyway. And hes smart enough to know everyone would take it as, HILLARY IS GUILTY.
well when its the party justice department calling the shots and it may hurt that party of course they are going to tell him to not say anything. It's not Comey's fault that the democratic party elected someone they knew had been extremely careless with gov secrets using a email server to hide from FOIA. And her only defense was I can't remember learning what (c) means and having multiple email addresses is too hard.
You're the only one taking it that way. Unless of course you believe someone is guilty until innocent
So you are telling me that my bief that people will take this as Hillary is guilty is NOT correct Hey r/the_donald and r/hillaryforprison apparently you DONT think shes guilty.
I'm saying they could be, they couldn't be. :)
Trump supporters were *literally* calling for his death after the "HRC is extremely careless with vital national security information, but we do not recommend charges" announcement This was the same time the entire democratic establishment was praising him for "always being professional and making the right decision in face of tough political choices" Seriously, watch the Comey house hearings from May. It's the exact same reaction, but the Republicans are now saying what the Dems said then. And the Dems are saying what the Republicans said. It's all just politics, and we the people get screwed.
It wasn't a press release. It was a formal letter to the very same congressional leadership he told under oath that he would keep updated of any new developments. Which he did.
> Except he doesn't get shit on by anyone who doesn't already think he's corrupt aka trump supporters. So what's the actual risk of doing his job if those people already think he's corrupt? There's some rich humor in this situation. We've just had four months of Clinton's team and supporters praising Comey for making a fair decision for sound reasons, and Trump supporters saying he's a corrupt lackey of the Clinton team. Even though this latest announcement is extraordinarily mild and neutral, we now have a flood of Clinton supporters accusing Comey of manipulating the election, and Trump supporters extolling him as a boy scout. Clearly, it can't be both. Partisanship has overwhelmed reason with these people.
The point of justice isn't to appease either the left or right.
Yet he did by sending such a vague letter to congress regarding something that he himself doesn't know the contents of. He clearly violated the [Hatch Act](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hatch_Act_of_1939)
Oh, so now you want to talk about how someone in government is violating the law.
*it is when it hurts us dammit*!!!
But doing it this way makes it LESS likely for justice to happen because it is now even more politicized than it would have been before.
But is it really justice to announce this shit when advised not to? He's making a possibly innocent person look guilty.
We are at the point where something like this needs to be articulated...
Unfortunately, investigations (criminal or otherwise) are not something that are completed overnight. And when you're talking about a minor case (a disgraced politician sending dirty text messages to a minor) leading to a huge one (perhaps one of the most powerful people on the planet's closed investigation into disregarding classified/confidential information safeguards), that just puts more blocks to get in the way. Comey hasn't released any details because investigations don't work like that; you assemble your case, get it 100% together, and *then* reveal everything in the public's eye (whether it be in court or like his summer press conference). If he comes out and says that Hillary didn't tell the truth without the investigation being in a place where he can factually say that, then not only does she lose the election (most likely), but he does so on a whim. And vice/versa. At this point, Comey just informed the Congressional Oversight Committee that he needed to amend his testimony. There's no basis of impropriety on one side or the other there, IMO. He's simply stating that this believed-closed investigation is getting looked at further, and new information requires him to rescind what he believed was the whole story beforehand. People jumping to conclusions with that information (aka Chaffetz/Trump/Conservatives thinking that means Hillary is guilty, or Democrats thinking Comey is trying to influence the election in favor of the other party) are missing the point, in that it's *his job* to inform the Congressional Oversight Committee if the investigation needs to be looked at further. The day that he keeps something like this hidden (which would influence the election in the other way, IMO) is the day that he sets himself up to be publicly crucified by half of the country for helping one of the most hated candidates in American history get elected. And, personally, I'm in favor of transparency in all avenues, especially when it comes to the director of the FBI - I personally hope there's nothing to this investigation, because the idea of a Trump presidency scares the everloving shit out of me. But I don't think what Comey has done has influenced the election in any which way yet; he's simply been honest that this supposed sleeping dog hasn't fallen asleep yet, and what he thought was the full story might not be so.
Thank you, Voice of Reason.
DOJ is refusing to give a warrant is one reason. Trey Gowdy mentioned that the guy in charge of the IRS got in trouble for basically being in Comey's position and *not* notifying Congress.
The DOJ do not give warrants. So how exactly are they refusing one?
Before a warrant can go to a federal judge, it has to be signed by a DOJ attorney.
I don't know why people want him to *keep* this from the public. Everything he said in the letter was honest and he took great care to point out that this investigation may be insignificant. It appears that he's revealed all the information he can. I really don't understand what people want him to do. Hide new information about a presidential candidate? Why on earth would you want that??
Because it could hurt their candidate's chances of winning. It's not right, but that's the reason.
Don't release information = Help Hillary Release information = Help Trump One side would be whining regardless of what Comey did.
and the justice department is run by the attorney general who is appointed by the president who just so happens to be a democrat... The FBI is nonpartisan, though take direction under the attorney general. Man I wish J. Edgar was back that dude had dirt on everyone and could run the FBI like it was meant to be run. Shut up Bobby unless you want the world to know about your brother fucking an East German Spy or how yall tag teamed M. Monroe.
Because there's no actual information. They don't even have a warrant to look at emails sent by the husband of a woman who works for Clinton. This is pure speculation
They don't have a warrant because the Department of Justice is refusing to give them one. That is not a strong argument.
Search warrants are issued by the judiciary, not the DOJ.
The warrant must be signed first by the DOJ before it is submitted to the court.
Can you provide a source for this? I've been searching around and I can't find anything that relates the DOJ to search warrants. A [page on fbi.gov](https://www.fbi.gov/resources/victim-assistance/a-brief-description-of-the-federal-criminal-justice-process) says > agents can apply for a search warrant from a magistrate (or judge) A [copy of a search warrant](https://www.justice.gov/atr/case-document/search-warrant) from justice.gov only shows signature lines for the judge/magistrate and a judicial clerk. I'd honestly like to figure this out but I can't find any clear statements that the DOJ could block the FBI from getting a warrant.
I didn't mean the DOJ signs the actual warrant itself. They sign off on the FBI's request for the warrant before it is submitted to the court. The DOJ is the FBI's boss and is now refusing to move forward. [edit] To make more clear - the FBI doesn't walk up to a justice and ask for a warrant. The FBI recommends to its boss, the DOJ, to request a search warrant from the courts and the DOJ then writes up the warrant and submits it to the justice for their signature.
The information is that the investigation is active again. You are just assuming that the voters are probably too stupid to realize this isn't a huge deal. But you can't hold Comey responsible for voter stupidity and GOP spin.
They don't need to have the content to suspect they have something.
They also had no right to look at the emails, given the relevant dates (they were looking at a sexting situation in 2016, but were searching Abedin's emails from 2013? Yeah, no judge is going to buy that bullshit.)
Huh? That's his wife. It's not unusual at all
As has been reported, it's standard procedure and informal DOJ policy to refrain from commenting on open investigations, especially 60 days or fewer away from an election, because anything like that could influence public opinion, and the FBI and DOJ want to appear nonpartisan at all costs, for obvious reasons. Most of the criticism directed at Comey doesn't really involve his honesty, they are concerned with how naive he seemed to be about what the press and GOP would do with this information. The deputy attorney general, among other DOJ and ex-DOJ officials, has written an Op Ed blasting Comey for his actions. Numerous journalists reporting insane number of DOJ officials are running away from him sideways. Nobody wants to be associated with his stink after he totally stepped in dogshit.
>DOJ want to appear nonpartisan at all costs I think that plane has flown... pun intended.
No kidding. That's why there are reports of chaos within FBI and DOJ. It's going to have long-lasting damage regardless of election outcome.
Because Hillary's coronation could maybe possibly get postponed if any more standard Clinton bullshit comes to light.
Because what he did may violate the Hatch Act.
He was legally obligated to give this update to Congress. No it does not.
The director of the FBI is a member of the Executive branch. He does not report to Congress. In fact, Congress does not have the authority to compel him to keep them apprised of ongoing investigations into their political rivals.
The congressional oversight committee absolutely *does* have the authority to demand almost any information it wants from the FBI. That's its purpose.
It absolutely does not. That creates a massive conflict of interest. The FBI is supposed to be apolitical, Congress can appoint a special prosecutor, it cannot force it's way into an FBI investigation.
Yes, it does. They can't *prosecute,* but they have considerable powers to probe.
Then why would the justice department urge him NOT to do it?
because the justice department is currently run by a democrat...
No idea. It might have something to do with the director meeting with Bill Clinton on a runway before the investigation was closed. Or it may be some other reason we don't know about. It might be innocent, it might not. That's *why* the FBI is separate from the Justice Department.
They're not exactly separate. Comey answers to the attorney general. He just chose to violate department ethics policy here.
Ughhhh why can't you guys just admit when someone else makes a good point? Why do you always have to try and hop to a new problem?
Source on that?
He said under oath that he would let the committee know if they found any need to further investigate. If he did not let them know then he would have committed perjury.
I very much doubt that. He was advised against making the statement by the DOJ, who are exactly he people who would know what perjury is (seeing as how, you know, the DOJ is the organization that prosecutes it). And either way it's certainly not lying to say honestly that you would do something and then decide later not to do it. But if this was his reason, why doesn't he say it? He could release a statement saying, "I believed that I would be perjuring myself to not issue this statement to Congress." Comey could very well clear up a lot of this confusion; he either doesn't have a good excuse or he's intentionally trying to make a mess.
> He was advised against making the statement by the DOJ, who are exactly he people who would know what perjury is You are assuming that these people have Comey's best interests in mind. >He was advised against making the statement by the DOJ OR, there actually is something significant, and he knows it, but needs a warrant before it can be discussed.
department of justice who is lead by Loretta lynch who was appointed by Obama, who was recussed from the investigation because she couldn't wait to talk to Bill about her kids or his golf game oddly enough no where near where either maintains residence...
Secretary Clinton is going to face a relentless torrent of obstructionism and legal and political challenges to her authority over the course of her administration. The GOP will go through everything with a fine-tooth comb, and if they find even an iota of evidence that suggests that anyone was even remotely impartial or exercised impropriety, there will be a congressional investigation over it. Comey is covering his ass. He knows that there will be years of investigations and, if the GOP were to find out he had new Clinton emails and he *hadn't* immediately come public with it, he would be accused of participating in a cover up and his career could be over. He doesn't want that shit, so he's coming public immediately.
Like she will win. That is hilarious.  That monster has no chance.
> Comey is covering his ass. Great job. His boss is upset, and their is a good chance the next president will be pissed at him.
He's ended his ow career quite well.
If she wins.
No, he's going public *early* based on speculation.
Lol Comey would not have a job under a Clinton administration, and up until recently it looked like he wasn't going to have one under the Trump administration either. So exactly what is he trying to cover up? His career was over either way... except maybe now if Trump wins he might be kept around. Either way, under Hillary, Comey is out. Makes you think.
I don't think he was intentionally playing this for Trump. He did this with the recognition that Trump is unlikely to win in any event, and regardless of who wins there will be ongoing investigations into Clinton for years, and that eventually this email discovery would go public. He doesn't really care who wins the elections - as far as he's concerned, his job is to not piss off the Republicans in congress. He doesn't want to be the center of a congressional investigation, and given that this is what happens to basically anyone who gets close to Clinton, he has a good reason to be wary of things headed down that path.
No, he was strong-armed into it by the rest of the FBI and possibly goons like Chaffetz. Comey wasn't acting politically but the people behind him were. They basically told him to either write the letter or they would leak it through back channels and make him look worse, is my best bet. At least this way he has a small chance at keeping his reputation in tact, or what is left of it.
Yeah, either that or he is trying to sink himself so he can get out quick
Well, he got a warrant today, so either the judge was part of the evil Republican cabal or maybe, just maybe, there's something there
If Hillary wins the election the only way at this point that congress doesn't start the impeachment proceedings the day after she becomes president is if Obama pardons her. It doesn't feel like Obama is ready to just fade into the background just yet, so to protect himself and his legacy I would give this at least some chance of happening. If it does it will be interesting to see if he pardons for what he knows or tries to go the blanket & future route and see if that actually stands up to its first motivated tests.
Waiting two days wouldn't expose him to anything though...
It would if the agents in the Wiener case threatened to go public. Of course, they probably wouldn't do that unless they had good reason to think the evididence was damning.
Release memo to those that know that your scheduling press conference in X days after you read everything. If anyone releases it you have a predated piece of evidence that you aren't withholding anything. And it gives you time to release something with actual information.
Ha. Haha.
> Comey is covering his ass. Is he? The FBI directorshiip is a Presidential appointment, isn't it? Anyone know how this works?
He's serving a ten year term that ends in 2023. He can't be renominated, but he can be fired by the president. But practically Clinton can't do that because it's retaliation. She'd be under investigation again by congress. Maybe even impeached.
Obama will get rid of him. And rightfully so.
Barack Obama doesn't like Hilary as much as it would appear. He's probably laughing at the fact that she'll be stuck with him for the next 7 years if she doesn't fire him.
Because he told Congress during their investigation that he'd alert them if he found anything more, and that they'd reopen the investigation if they found anything notable. This wasn't an FBI statement to the world, live on TV. This was a letter to heads of congressional departments telling them they found more info. He has stated he will be unusually transparent and has continued to be.
There's a little thing called the Hatch act that forbids government agents from influencing an election without cause. He did that. There is no new evidence at all, but he definitely has influenced the election. Congress does not have the right to be privy to the inconclusive details of a political rival. It flies in the face of FBI precedent, policy, and actual Law. He's going down for this.
That's not a "get out of jail free card." He shouldn't have told Congress that, and he should have followed procedure.
I mean as a Hillary supporter you would be an expert on get out of jail free cards
This is procedure. Congress has the right of oversight, which means they can demand to know what any executive department is doing. They've asked for updates on this (as is their right and arguably their duty) and they received them.
> I also think it would be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record. Comey specifically said he was writing the letter because he did not want to mislead the American people. This does not make sense if Comey never expected the letter to see the light of day. Comey sent the letter against the advice of the Attorney General, knowing that it would be made public.
But we don't know that they "found anything more" because Comey is speculating instead of investigating.
Yea your so right. Why not get a warrant and read the emails? How do they know what they even found if they can't read them? We found emails and are reopening the investigation but we have no idea if these emails have anything to do with anything.
Why do you assume they can't or haven't read the emails? He's not waiting on a warrant for permission to read them...
It's not an assumption, and yes they are https://www.google.com/amp/amp.slate.com/blogs/the_slatest/2016/10/30/a_day_after_letter_to_congress_fbi_still_didn_t_have_warrant_to_read_new.html
They are in the process of trying to get a warrant. The Department of Justice is obstructing them.
> Comey is speculating instead of investigating. Source? Do you have the emails and know that they contain no new information, and Comey is only speculating?
The FBI hasn't even reviewed them yet. Their relevance is entirely a matter of speculation at this point
If they don't have the emails yet, waiting on the warrant is what I'm reading, he doesn't have anything notable to even look at. They belong to someone else, for a completely different investigation. Should he not see these before concluding they have anything to do with a separate case to be reopened? They may, or may not. But it sure appears he's jumping to conclusions without much substance.
There is a difference between "yeah were pretty sure jimmy is a coke dealer. were waiting on a warrant now to raid his place" and "our other department has emails that show (something illegal) for our investigation here. We are waiting on a warrant to gain access to it." One is a hunch, the other is waiting for legal access.
And the fact that he left things open to interpretation depending on the person's preconceived notions is ridiculously alarming. In the internal FBI memo, he wrote, "given that we do not know the significance of this newly discovered collection of emails, I don’t want to create a misleading impression". That makes me think that the truth lies closer to a 'hunch'.
The nypd brought it to the attention of the fbi and both nypd and fbi brought it to the attention of the superiors of the fbi. Obviously there must be something in order to have the nypd believe it is relevant to the hillary emails case.
Please keep in mind that the only people Comey made this announcement to were Chaffetz and the HOC. *Chaffetz* is the one who turned this development into a political football by misleadingly labeling it as the FBI "reopening their investigation". And can you fathom what the country would have gone through if Comey had "apolitically" waited until after the election (when Clinton will almost certainly crush Trump), *then* made this disclosure? *Especially* if, against all odds, something that implicates Clinton turns up in it after all?
Id hope the FBI do their job independently of politics.
i think the problem is entropy people will always need/want more, people who need/want can be manipulated
The surest sign that he's working apolitically is that both Republicans and Democrats think he's betraying his post to help the other team. This is the problem with this election: facts are partisan now. If the investigation hurts Clinton they say it's Republican, if it acquits then it's Democrat. People no longer believe that anything is unbiased. A fact is either with us or a lie. I swear if it rains at a Trump rally they'll blame Clinton, and if Clinton gets heat stroke then reporting it will be called some Republican witch hunt. Something isn't biased just because it has lousy timing for a candidate.
Yeah and it's really hard to say they did that here. I don't think Comey did handle this properly at all. The FBI has "investigation" right in their name, so how about doing a little of that before just throwing unspecific information out there. "Might matter, might not, why don't you as the American public take a guess in the voting booth 11 days from now."
it would have been independent of politics back in July if Lorrreta Lynch hadn't have intervened in the indictment.
She didn't. You're parroting misinformation.
Or you are. No way to know what really happened. But because a condenscending prick doesn't help.
Everyone leaps to the conspiracy theory. Why? Have we been force-fed so much bullshit that everything is now an evil plot to manipulate elections? Bill shouldn't have talked with Lynch that day, but that doesn't mean they conspired to put down the email problem. He went on the plane in front of reporters for God's sake. If they were up to something they could have met in a dark alley at midnight or bought some damn burner phones and called each other. They wouldn't be seen anywhere near each other. Americans are willing to believe whatever zany idea pops into their heads first and it's destroying us.
Look at the last 4 years, those back room deal conspiracy theorists ended up being right. If you want to take it face value, by all means you're not wrong. But the people who don't aren't wrong either, because the only two people who truly know what happened, should never have been talking. Jurors get sequestered because it removes doubt. But these two idiots couldn't figure it out.
A lot of legitimate deals, probably most, are made in private in business and in government. Which back room corruption conspiracy theorists have been right? What were the conspiracies and what was the truth? How many conspiracies were proven correct out of the total number of conspiracies?
NSA Spying, the Panama Papers, TTIP, but hey those don't matter. The last few years have proven one thing, the public has no idea what truly was going on. Yet somehow you want to not believe that, which in turn is the reason your choice is between Clinton and Trump. Enjoy your country.
NSA spying has been an issue since the PATRIOT Act was enacted. The scope has been exposed but obviously it hasn't been a big enough issue for people to get up in arms over (though I wish people cared more). I wouldn't say that was a backroom deal... at some level all three branches of federal government have condoned it. Panama papers were mostly wealthy foreign nationals, surprisingly few Americans. TTIP was built in "private" - I'm sure if anyone had asked around they would have found plenty of information about it as it was being written - and involves protecting our influence in SE Asia which is beyond the grasp of most Americans right now. So yeah, I'd say those don't matter. There are people who think Obama is in cahoots woth Lucifer to steal the souls of unborn children through late term abortions, all government announcements are concealing wrongdoing, and Mexicans are the cause of all of America's problems. There certainly are some shady organizations pulling strings they shouldn't have access to, but they're not behind Obama, Clinton or Comey... they're behind lazy legislators who yell fire when nothing is wrong. By the way, I'm happy to be voting for Clinton. The president doesn't have to be perfect, only better than anyone else for the job, and that's what she is.
How did she intervene in the indictment you muppet. By saying she'd accept Comey's verdict before she knew what it would be?
Because she secretly met with the husband of someone under multiple FBI investigations on a private jet? Who are you calling muppet?
Just because you don't know what they talked about doesn't mean you can just say they talked about anything you like you absolute muppet
By her even having the private conversation, she interfered with the investigation.
No, not at all. It was uncalled for, yes. But it doesn't directly mean she interfered in the investigation..
If Comey didn't have an unprecedented press conference in July, then you'd be right, but he did. Just by him having the press conference, it interfered with the normal due process of an FBI investigation. Comey said because of what Lynch did, he had to have the press conference.
Except she actually did not make or announce the decision not to charge. Which was not standard protocol, by the way.
Yes, because she got on a private jet with the husband of someone under multiple FBI investigations. The FBI Director was forced to have make an unprecedented announcement, due to her actions.
No, they only talked about yoga and Chelsea's wedding while in that secret meeting on the plane
Secret yoga poses designed to ward of FBI investigations
It would be like opening the Ark of the Covenant and not looking away...
You got it all wrong. On the plane: golf and grandkids. In the deleted emails: yoga and Chelsea's wedding. :P
I'm on the fence with Comey after the iPhone snafu, where Tim Cook rightfully declined an unconstitutional request to jailbreak their own password technology. Comey's had a rocky tenure.
Yeah, I mean I agree completely with Tim Cook on that one, but I also understand why the FBI would make such a request. I don't fault them for wanting to cut corners in order to solve crimes, I think it just highlights the need for transparency so we can know when they're trying to push the limits too far.
That wasn't simply a request though, they tried to force Apple through the courts, and what they were doing was trying to pick the case that pulled the most heart strings (but TURRURISTS!) so that they could set a sweeping precisely they could apply to everything.
Yeah, I mean, I'm not trying to say they were right, just that it's not remotely surprising that the FBI would want their jobs to be easier. It's not an invalid interest, it's just one that we have to be careful to keep in line so civil liberties are protected.
>It's not an invalid interest, it's just one that we have to be careful to keep in line so civil liberties are protected. The US has far passed that point.
Fair enough.
The same attorney general that met with Bill Clinton on the tarmac right before the case was closed and whose input is now ignored because she is deemed to be tainted by politics.
Former deputy attorney generals have come out and said the same thing. Comney was breaking with department policy. Edit: for accuracy, see comments below.
Citation needed. Trey Gowdy already pointed out someone previous got in deep shit for *not* notifying in this situation.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/james-comey-is-damaging-our-democracy/2016/10/29/894d0f5e-9e49-11e6-a0ed-ab0774c1eaa5_story.html
Neither of these are previous attorney generals and both are explicitly supporting Clinton - very loudly. >Jamie Gorelick served as deputy attorney general from 1994 to 1997 and is a supporter of Hillary Clinton. Larry Thompson served as deputy attorney general from 2001 to 2003 and signed a letter from a group of former Justice Department officials in Republican administrations calling for Donald Trump’s defeat. Edit: They also don't say he's going against department policy - they say he is departing from *traditions.* Which is both perfectly fine and expected given the risk of getting in shit if he didn't.
You're right that they were deputy attorney generals, I fixed my comment. Either way, they are certainly high ranking enough that they understand the department's policies very well. Facts are facts, it doesn't matter which candidate they support.
Please add a note to your comment explicitly explaining your edit to avoid misleading people. They *did not* say he violated the department's policies. They said he broke from tradition, which is a very different accusation.
The star is sufficient to let people know I edited it. And as for your second point, note that it says: > A memorandum reflecting this choice has been issued every four years by multiple attorneys general for a very long time, including in 2016. That means it's a policy.
You know what else is "policy"? Using your .gov email address instead of a bootleg basement server.
Yeah and Hillary Clinton was rightfully criticized for it.
Dude, edit your post. Stop being a slimeball.
Okay, I edited it just for you.
this is what I came to say. glad I didn't have to look very long to find it.
Seems pretty fair in my opinion.
I have no desire to see Donald Trump elected but Comey has a job to do. If there is additional information there is an expectation that he do his job. Hillary Clinton is not immune to the process, nor is Trump. It doesn't matter if this information came to light now, two weeks from now or two years from now. I don't understand why so many people think Clinton should get a pass here and Comey should step aside or ignore the information. Clinton can still be elected. That's fine. If the legal process has to pan out after she is office, then so be it. She is not immune to the law, especially someone who has been in the game long enough to know how to handle classified information. Again, this isn't about making Donald Trump president. He is an awful person but Comey has to respect the rule of law, as does Hillary Clinton.
> She is not immune to the law Good joke.
The rule of law didn't require Comey to inform congress about finding something which may or may not even be relevant to the case.
Shit. He could have at least stated they were not emails sent or received by Clinton *at all.*
In July he gave sworn testimony that they were no longer looking into the emails. But now they have more evidence and ARE looking into them. He isn't legally required to inform Congress but he felt it necessary based on the changes to the case to amend his testimony. I think that is fine and his letter was very fair as well. Everyone else is making a big deal out of this. We just have to wait for the process to play out. Thats all.
Except... they don't even know if they're looking into the emails. They have no idea what's in the emails on Wiener's laptop. It's pure speculation on Comey's part that these are even relevant. He has no obligation to speculate on what *could* happen.
No one has even confirmed the emails came from Weiner. Thats just the speculation based on some insider info. But nothing has been confirmed at all by Comey or the FBI in an official statement. So everyone is just speculating at this point. We don't know but they are looking into it again and that is worth updating Congress on.
the claim is that none of the investigation(s) have brought any evidence she broke the law, so this will also be a waste of time. it is a narrow definition of what has taken place, but that is the narrative from this sub and clinton's supporters. nevermind all the shady shit that isn't technically breaking a law - that's just normal politics and everyone does it.
> If there is additional information there is an expectation that he do his job. The question here is whether it's his job to cry foul when he hasn't looked over the evidence. His job is definitely to make sure Clinton's emails are on the up and up. Which is fine. Go over them, and if there are improprities that require legal action, take them. Even as a democrat if evidence shows that Clinton did something that needs to be locked up, I'd have no problem with the Senate impeaching her. That's fine. Bring the evidence first. Crying wolf is what Republicans have done with their, what, 9th Benghazi hearing that hasn't produced results yet? If the FBI operates that way, then there is something seriously wrong.
He did exactly what he was told to do. He informed congress that they found "something", people are speculating what that something is, not Comey. I don't like the guy but pinning this on him is ridiculous. Saying he's "politically bias" is ridiculous when you have the head of the DOJ meeting with the husband of a woman that said DOJ would potentially prosecute in the coming week.
Except he didn't find something. If he found something he would've said as much.
>If he found something he would've said as much. He said he found something. He didn't say what the something was. You can find an envelope without knowing what's inside.
He found an envelope from someone who he himself said was not worthy of being charged with a crime, to her BFF. If that's "something," Comey would spend his entire time at the office writing these letters instead of actually working. Because I bet you there are a lot of emails from people the FBI have investigated who may have written more emails then they have combed over.
That is something. We still don't even know what that something is. There's many different reports. I will not be surprised at all if there are emails from the Clinton server that shouldn't be on there.
I would prefer we KNOW there are emails that shouldn't be there before we hear about them. Similar to earlier when Comey insisted over and over he wasn't gonna talk until he finished the investigation. He's essentially countering his own arguemnt from a few months ago. If that means impeachment of Clinton once she's in office? So be it. Nixon was impeached and rightfully so. No reason why we can't do the same thing if Clinton is a criminal even if she becomes president. But tell the public AFTER the investigation resulted in her being charged.
>I would prefer we KNOW there are emails that shouldn't be there before we hear about them. What exactly the emails are and who they're from we don't know. We just know they pertain to the Clinton investigation. Comey told congress, everything happened how it should. >Similar to earlier when Comey insisted over and over he wasn't gonna talk until he finished the investigation. He's essentially countering his own arguemnt from a few months ago. lol he isn't talking about the investigation, he meant giving interviews and details. He's simply informing congress that they found something. This is honestly getting depressingly desperate. >If that means impeachment of Clinton once she's in office? So be it. Nixon was impeached and rightfully so. No reason why we can't do the same thing if Clinton is a criminal even if she becomes president. But tell the public AFTER the investigation resulted in her being charged. hahahah you want him to halt the investigation until after she's in office? Comey can't control time.
You know Comey has been investigating Clinton emails without telling the public every step of the way for months before he released his statement, right? In fact that's how the FBI tend to work, by not divulging information every step of the way.
> The question here is whether it's his job to cry foul when he hasn't looked over the evidence. What? How is he "crying foul"? All he did was to inform the house oversight committee that there is new evidence in the investigation. Which there is. Hiding new evidence from the oversight committee until after she got elected would be far more political. He was very explicit in the hearings. He said barring any new evidence the case was essentially closed. He also promised to pick the investigation back up if new evidence cam in. Which is what happened.
How can there be new evidence if he hasn't even seen it?
Metadata showed thousands of emails from clintons private server on the laptop. This laptop was not handed over to the FBI when they were doing their original investigation. From the NYT >The F.B.I. is investigating illicit text messages that Mr. Weiner, a former Democratic congressman from New York, sent to a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina. The bureau told Congress on Friday that it had uncovered new emails related to the Clinton case — one federal official said they numbered in the tens of thousand This isn't confirmed yet, but apparently the file was name "life insurance".
> to cry foul He didn't. He sent a letter to Congress and they went public with it.
He never cried foul. He never said anything about Clinton being guilty, or that he found anything new that is damning. He just said he found some more emails to go through. Jesus, if you truly believed your candidate was innocent, this shouldn't bother you in the least.
Clinton has been innocent of everything they've been accused of for the past decades and that hasn't stopped congress from spending millions of dollars and hours upon hours of time too investigate them instead of doing their work of running the government. All while being a bunch of hypocritical assholes who cheat on their wives, start pointless wars, and make policy that deprive Americans of basic needs under the banner of values. I care that my government is working.
Comey had no choice as his boss Lynch is tainted in the investigation. the blame here all goes to Lynch for the tarmac meeting with Bill.
You've posted that about 10 times, over and over, it's not true. Other than bad optics, there was no regulation or guideline preventing her from meeting with the former president, especially since Comey is the one who recommends to the DOJ if they should proceed. She hasn't recused herself, it's the FBI and Comey's job to investigate and refer to the DOJ if they should need to proceed. She's doing her job by not directly interfering with his department. Both the press conference and the letter were against the grain for DOJ procedure.
due to the Bill meeting, Lynch has already stated that she will follow the Comey's path, and that was not a one off statement, that was a statement that she was removing herself from the investigation, and hence, Comey is the person in charge, as there is no one to go to except the POTUS, and we all have heard the WH state over and over again that they do not get involved in ongoing investigations. special prosecutor is next up if HRC wins, and Lynch can not do anything to stop it. if you want some fun reading, please research a President Nixon, and his Attorney General John Mitchell...this is the path that Lynch could be on if she does not behave and support Comey 100%.
His tainted boss that said she would follow his recommendation?
Yea, she had to recuse herself. Her being tainted didnt end when the investigation did in July.
and his tainted boss apparently fought against the letter to Congress...interesting that Lynch said this is now in Comey's hands, and apparently did not support Comey.
Lynch said she would accept Comey's recommendation to prosecute or not to prosecute. She didn't give him carte blanche to do whatever the fuck he wanted.
well, my opinion here at this moment is that Comey believes that Lynch is out of the loop, and is acting as he sees fit. that is the status of the moment, and please be assured, we all want a complete and fair investigation to provide HRC fairness.
i think you're making the mistake of confusing the media's panicked reaction with the intent of comey's letter, the actual text of which is painstakingly written to be as neutral and objective as possible.
Let's be clear, it's not just the media. The Republicans are making this the biggest scandal since Watergate, in their own words btw. So yes, comey has done the damage. He knew this would be the outcome. If he didn't foresee this, he's not suitable to be the director of the FBI.
>the republicans are making this the biggest scandal since watergate make hay when the sun shines. but as for comey, i don't think he's under any obligation to make special considerations for the political fallout of his actions. in fact, as a law enforcement agency i'm comforted to know they're operating apolitically. and they are operating apolitically; they turned over a notice, as requested, on a new development in the case. the failure here is the media abandoning all skepticism in favor of endless speculation. if they were doing their jobs properly they would refer to the text of comey's letter and advise patience until more information is revealed.
Actually he is under obligation to make special consideration for potential political fallout 10 days before the election. That's the whole issue here.
The actual content of the letter is like me telling the neighborhood that I am trying to get the court to give me my neighbor's emails because I'm not sure if he may or may not be a child molestor. That I have not yet read them, but I hope to and I will search to make sure there are no evidence that he molested kids. And that if the neighborhood then decide to kick my neighbor out, it's not my fault cause I made it painfully clear there's no actual evidence he's a child molestor. I just wanted to check to make sure.
Dear Homeowners Association: In previous HOA community meeting testimony, l referred to the fact that I had completed my investigation of Fred's personal email server. Due to recent developments, I am writing to supplement my previous testimony. In connection with an unrelated case, I have learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation. I am writing to inform you that the investigative team (my wife) briefed me on this yesterday, and I agreed that I should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain evidence of child predation, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation. Although we cannot yet assess whether or not this material may be significant, and I cannot predict how long it will take us to complete this additional work, I believe it is important to update your Association about our efforts in light of my previous testimony. Sincerely yours, James B. Comey Homeowner
Yes, now imagine if the Homeowners Association has for the past 20 years wanted to evict said neighbor and have called said neighbor to go to prison, and you'd have the current situation.
He specifically did not "cry foul"
doesn't matter hearing anything related to "Hilary email scandal is being reopened due to possible new evidence" in the break room at work is enough to influence a normal person
How is that his fault?
im not implying it's his fault just saying that it is enough to influence
He isnt supposed to write open letters about unsubstantiated and incomplete investigations. The DOJ told him as much
He also testified to congress that he would let them know if any more information appeared. He is doing his job. People will view him as biased whether he did or didn't say anything. If Comey didn't come out, then down the road Republicans would blame him for not being forthcoming about information pertinent to the election. Wasn't it Nancy Pelosi who called James Comey "a great man"? Wasn't it Hillary Clinton herself who was "grateful for the professionalism of the FBI and the Department of Justice”? Now all of these people are abhorred at his continuing practice of fairness. I hope you come to see the double-standard here.
To the uninformed observer, it looks like he did, and in an election that's all it takes.
To the uninformed observer, Clinton seemed like a better candidate than Sanders. So you might be right. Misinformation does affect elections, as Clinton already proved.
> To the **uninformed** observer,... By that you mean reddit /r/politics.
Ain't that the fucking truth.
So he shouldnt do his job because some people might take it out of context?
It's part of his job to make sure people don't take it out of context.
Its his job to control the media?
It's his job to consider how his statements will be interpreted and to formulate them in such a way that they won't be misinterpreted, yes totally.
Lol then he literally can't say anything ever. Someone will always twist his words no matter what he says or when.
He didn't have to announce to the world he was doing his job just yet and he failed to accommodate.
He didn't announce anything to the world. He sent a letter to Congress
No, you have it backwards. Part of his job is to know that people will take it out of context and to act accordingly. Hence the standard policy is to keep quiet about it in the run up to an election.
He sent the letter to senators, not like he blabbed to the public
Come on, he knew it would be leaked, he's not an idiot.
So should he not do what he is legally bound to do and inform Congress that he had to amend his testimony?
There were numerous ways to do so which would have avoided this problem, the simplest of which was waiting like 12 days. Note also that his obligation to do so was a problem he also created for himself.
People should take responsibility for the obvious consequences of their actions, it's called being a moral agent.
But Hillary isn't included with those people huh?
So it's his responsibility for the media blowing this out of proportion and making people believe incorrectly?
Well, no. But writing a far less vague letter, perhaps one that emphasized that *they don't have a warrant for these emails yet, they have no indication of what contents can be found in the emails, they don't know if they were sent to or from, or relate to Clinton in any way*, would have been a better approach than what he took. The absence of evidence has been used all year against Clinton as evidence of her corruption and wrong-doing. The head of the FBI should've taken greater precaution to ensure that, if he must update congress in this matter, he at least does it thoroughly and with no room for misinterpretation so close to an election.
Being vague is his job. Releasing the information this early would interfere with the investigation. Does the FBI need a warrant to look at devices if they were used for government purposes and contain state-related emails? I bet not. With how fair Comey has been, he would not have released this if the emails were not pertinent to the investigation. *There is something relevant on those devices*; however, whether or not it is serious is yet to be seen. The absence of evidence is not the only thing that is indicative of her corruption. There is a damning amount of evidence, including all of the Wikileaks documents, that shows her corruption. DWS at the DNC colluded against Sanders, and immediately after she was fired, Clinton hired her. Hell, recently we even found out that the Democrats hired a subcontractor to cause riots at Trump rallies. I don't like Trump either, he is an obnoxious asshole. But I'm sick and tired of the political games that all these politicians play where they purposely deceive the American public. It's not just about Clinton; she is just the epitome of this because of her reach for the presidency.
Your entire argument is predicated on the idea that Comey has knowledge of what's in those emails, but the fact is *he doesn't* that much was stated in both of his recent letters if you read closely. Not obvious enough, apparently.
As we all know, when the government does nothing we have a "do nothing government", but when the government does something it's a vast right-wing conspiracy.
Actually he didn't do anything yet. Read the letter. He simply state he plans to do something.
He is not "crying foul." He's literally under subpoena to notify congress if he restarts the investigation. He's legally obligated to provide this information.
At this point they can't possibly know if they're restarting the investigation or not because they have literally no idea how relevant the emails are, or if any of them are new emails, because they don't have a warrant to search them.
Investigating the relevancy of the emails *is* restarting the investigation.
This all could have been avoided if she didn't break protocol and use a private server to violated the recordeds keep act.
Instead of complaining about Comeys decision to investigate this new evidence, maybe the Democratic party shouldn't have selected a candidate that's being actively investigated by the FBI.
I agree completely. None of this would be an issue if she didn't think she could run her own server and keep government/classified property on it.
Not that it makes it okay, but every Secretary for State for the nearly the last 20 years has done the same thing. And I bet if their's had been scrutinized like her's has, you'd find similar issues. It's just a terrible security practice that needs to be done away with willfully or forcefully.
This has been debunked so many times now. No one has ever run a private, unsecured server on the level that HRC did. She specifically used it to conduct government business which is subject to not only classification but FOIA. Other SoS had used private internet based email for personal conversations which is still an approved practice today.
Actually, Powell, like Clinton, exclusively used non-Departmental systems on a day to day basis. So yes, he did use private email accounts for official business.
Powell used a personal account back when the department was wrangling with email and how to account for it. They were still trading paper when he was there. At that time (and still today) they allow anyone to use a personal account on a web based site like google or hotmail. He specifically told HRC to keep her personal stuff on a personal account like he did. He never told her to combine government and private use on a server she owned. Like I said, Powell's use is completely different, as been stated by almost every single in depth article/investigation that reviewed the usage by Powell. Stop equating her to him. Its been debunked a thousand time. Its ridiculous to equate someone running their own unsecured (because her IT staff couldn't get her devices to work properly with the security) private server to conduct classified government business with someone who used a GMAIL account. The FBI even found that Hillary would have gotten less scrutiny if he had used a web based client (because even THAT would be more secure that the hack job she was running).
There's a number of things that make this not the same, including that Powell for instance would cc his government address when emailing from a private email account.
Well, at least they're consistent. Remember that we couldn't take any action against banks - or anyone else for that matter - since it might make people lose confidence in the banks? Can't do anything to the powerful, because it might damage their power.
Please name the **specific** legal statutes that the banks violated and the necessary amount of evidence needed to prosecute them beyond a reasonable doubt with the weak and vague laws on the books circa 2008. I'll wait.
Punishment doesn't come into it. They bailed out the banks with unusually lenient loans. So people wouldn't lose confidence in them. They gave them *preferential* treatment because they were powerful.
bingo. Laws were stretched and foggy laws were written. They're all smart enough not to blatantly break laws themselves, the only thing the actual execs do is encourage policies that encourage law breaking or skirting. It's probably pretty hard to prosecute.
to be fair, confidence in the banks equals confidence in the currency; the presidency is a small thing in comparison.
Confidence in our currency would be higher if we had confidence in our banks.
which is why the bail out was necessary.
Tel that to Iceland
Bank CEOs being greedy and corrupt lead to the financial crisis, any bailout money should have first come from the heads of the bank as in take all their money and throw their asses in jail.
Yes. In conjunction with the prosecution for massive fraud that blatantly took place, there would be reason to have confidence in our banks. Instead we sit here entering a bubble of quantitative easing with criminals at the helm of Wall Street.
It's easy to say prosecute. But who exactly would you prosecute? The ratings agencies, the bankers who bought MBS seeing huge returns? Or what about the reckless public who undertook massive speculation on real estate? Or the sub-prime borrowers who often lied about their income, assets, etc? It's more than the bankers who lied.
So as long as enough people are involved. It isn't a crime anymore. Okay.
Not what I'm saying. If you want to be fair and prosecute the bankers, you have to go after everybody who is involved. And the public would quickly find that very distasteful since the entire scheme was built on a portion of the public's greed in no small measure. For example. Who is more guilty of breaking the law? The mortgagee who lied on their application or the lender who simply approved the loan without real due diligence? And other than incompetence what law did the ratings agency who assigned that mortgage a AAA rating break? The bankers had their part to play. But so did a lot of very ordinary people who saw housing as a get-rich scheme. It's not politically correct though to say that they were also guilty of fraud. So we blame only the bankers who enabled them.
well the problem is that nothing illegal happened, unless you consider greed and stupidity to be illegal, so unless we start applying laws ex post facto we cannot lock them up.
Right, and name the exact statute that you would try those "criminals" for back in 2008. The law has to exist in 2008, btw, and not be a law passed in the aftermath.
still be best of all possible outcomes, unless you count regulating the banks before this shitshow happened.
If America falls to Donald Trump over some goddamn dick pics I am going to be soooo pissed off. edit: Oh my aching over abused inbox
Is it too late for us all to just write in Bernie? I'm being serious, is it? I'll do it if everyone else does.
I truly believe the intent of dumping this info when it was is to cripple Hillary's presidency from the outset - I don't think 'they' think Trump can win.
It'd be fitting for the sex predator to get into office via a dick pic, though.
The thought has been literally making me sick. 538 said to look to polls tightening this whole week but that didn't take into account this horse shit.
That's like a drunk driver blaming the pedestrian he ran down for the DWI he gets. If Donald Trump wins, it's because of crimes that Clinton committed. Not because of how she was caught.
She didn't commit any crimes
She hasn't been charged with any crimes. She has committed plenty.
such as?
Wait. Crimes?
And if Clinton wins it's because Trump is a racist and sex predator?
I mean...yes? It's not because people love TPP and her record in public service... Another candidate would have defeated her easily.
Basically. If she ran against anyone competent shed be destroyed
Perhaps. Unfortunately, the Republican primary process has a habit of knocking out competent candidates early. There are definitely Republicans that are worthy contenders, but the Republican base has moved away from that.
What does that have anything at all to do with what we're talking about it?
Apparently the election is a jury verdict where losing is somehow a guilty verdict, whether crimes exist or not.
Again, still not following your logic. We're talking about how terrible of a candidate the democratic nominee is and how these fbi investigations are because she committed a crime, not because Weiner did.
The investigation are not because she committed a crime, they are whether she committed a crime.
She committed a crime. The question is how many crimes, the extent of those crimes, and the intent behind those crimes.
Are you just being facetious or do you honestly not understand how the legal system works?
I'm sure glad you're not a judge
Why? She has admitted to her criminal wrong doing. Her excuse is that she didn't know better.
Exactly what's the crime?
[removed]
Does your Google show what charges were laid? Mine doesn't.
Exactly. Nothing.
So you don't have google then? There has been literally months of discussion on this issue. There are emails leaked daily on the issue. She is under three different federal criminal investigations. I'm not going to hold your hand and walk you through all the events that have been unfolding for years now just to appease some internet troll.
She isn't even involved in the wiener case. If the FBI violated the 4th goddamned amendment to look at those e-mails the evidence is moot in legal standing. Which they absolutely had to to even know the fucking things were there.
I don't think your emails are covered under the fourth ammendment, as nearly all emails are sent with private means. We don't have a public style USPS for emails. At least, we know the NSA's goal is to capture all Internet communication traffic. I don't think they could do that if it was viewed as illegal. This is from an "unnamed nsa official" quoted in Kim Zetter's Countdown to Zero Day. Kim Zetter is a very respected cybersecurity author, so I tend to believe her Edit: they're probably covered if you're rich and powerful like the clintons. You and me definitely don't have that privilege
And if the drunk driver didn't hit that pedestrian, they probably wouldn't have been caught and charged with a dwi. Doesn't mean they didn't commit the crime.
In looking for evidence against Weiner they discover a email backup file. They start looking at the file, reading a couple emails and subject lines to see what they have. Realize it doesnt pertain to their case, but does to a different investigation and make a recommendation to the FBI. The FBI now needs a warrant to do a deep dive on that material. That is how they can both know what they have and also need a warrant for a full investigation into the materials.
>The FBI now needs a warrant to do a deep dive on that material. https://twitter.com/joshrogin/status/792752933892874240 >Weiner has given FBI permission to search computer so no warrant needed.
Can Weiner giving the FBI consent allow them to investigate a totally unrelated matter involving Weiner's wife's emails? I think they need a new warrant for that.
Looks like you're right. But they have just gotten a warrant. http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/fbi-obtains-warrant-needed-start-reviewing-emails-found/story?id=43179164
Exactly. If a cop goes into your house to with a warrant to find drugs, but he finds kiddie porn while looking - you're getting arrested for kiddie porn too.
Actually no...
> crimes that Clinton committed What crimes are those?
If you go to google and type in clinton criminal investigations, you should get one or two results.
You do know the difference between an investigation and being found guilt of a crime right?
You know she admitted to committing crime right? Her entire defense is that it's okay because she didn't know better.
And the Republican led investigation found no criminal wrong doing.
Clearly you're not an attorney.
No, it's because intent is incredibly important, or we'd have to arrest virtually everyone. When Powell and Rice were asked if they sent classified information, they both said no as well... until a simple search showed they both had personal email addresses that sent / received classified information, they did not realize was classified. The protected secrets stuff is kept in safe rooms, with disconnected computers. The "classified" information here is about personal schedules and citing media reports.
You do know you are asking this question of a Trump supporter don't you?
Oh of course, I just thoroughly enjoy the display of mental gymnastics and/or proud display of legal ignorance. It's a guilty pleasure.
https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/793
Wow somebody had not been paying attention. How about just the crimes we have proof of in the leaked Podesta emails. Collusion between her PACs, the Clinton foundation and her campaign - illegal. Multiple instances of "pay to play" during her time as Secretary of state using the Clinton foundation as a front for accepting millions from foreign governments- illegal. Sending and receiving emails on a private unauthorized server containing classified information- illegal. Knowingly accepting money from the same government that is finding Isis with email showing she knew they were finding Isis- illegal (treason if you didn't know). Lying under oath of perjury before a congressional committee-illegal. I could go on all day. CLINTON stinks like shit in all of the illegal shit she does publicly and gets away with. I look forward to the day Trump is president, and this crooked bitch is in jail.
You can't just say someone did something and they suddenly become guilty of it. Allegations require proof and we have due process. A lot of the stuff you've pointed out has been investigated and shown not to have occurred, and some of it is just ridiculous.
There is plenty of proof. What's sad is how easy it is to find. It's literally written in their damn emails, this is not a right wing conspiracy! It's impossible to reason with people who are so blinded by all of HRC's wrong doing based on their incredible hate for Trump.
Hills is still better than Trump
I've seen people read waaaay too much into pretty innocuous emails. Obviously I haven't read all of them so there might be something actually there.
This is actually why the release itself is suspicious..theyve even said that they haven't even gone through the emails. It could be something or really really nothing...
Unless there are no crimes, but that information isnt available until after the election and this investigation frenzy gives Trump enough of a bumb to win.
Deleting AND destroying evidence after a subpoena, lying under oath multiple times, she commuted crimes in the investigation. Never mind what crime she is trying to hide.
>Deleting AND destroying evidence after a subpoena, The DOJ said she was within her rights to delete emails that were "personal" because they were not part of the subpena. The bleachbit deal was by a staffer, not Clinton, and despite being given immunity he did not reveal any information to the FBI that Clinton or Mills told him to do this. >lying under oath multiple times, Prove she lied. Being wrong under oath is not perjury, you need to show intent to deceive. >she commuted crimes in the investigation. Evidence....you need it. >Never mind what crime she is trying to hide. Ah yes the imaginary crimes that we dont know about but your sure took place.
lol if she loses this will take 100% of the blame
Ha - Putin must be relieved, off the hook!
Yeah, I'm pretty relieved too, on not being drafted in World War 3.
Hi, Please direct any and all anger at the DNC. Thank you, Bernie
What if she did it? We have a right to know before voting. What if she really is a criminal. What's worse, Donald Trump or a literal criminal?
If it falls to Trump it's because Hillary did a bunch of illegal shit and got caught.
No dude, it's because Russia undermined the election! Oh wait, the DNC has already done that...
Oh wait, the dnc is a party not a government entity and can do what the fuck it wants. You don't need the be endorsed by the dnc to run.
Well when the apparatus that is supposed to help Democrats get elected actively rigged their primaries to get their Chosen One elected, thats kind of a problem. Thanks to WikiLeaks emails from DWS and other top party members we know that the DNC colluded against Bernie. So no, you don't *need* their endorsement - but it certainly helps to not have an election rigged against you.
It can be both you know
One of these statements has proof. The other doesn't.
[FBI Suspects Russia in Hack of John Podesta Emails](http://www.wsj.com/articles/top-russian-officials-shift-away-from-denying-dnc-hack-1476295233) So I guess you're saying there's no proof the DNC undermined the election.
You should probably read the articles you post. There is nothing in that article that shows proof it was Russia.
The FBI believes it was Russia. Do you think they came to that conclusion just by flipping a coin, or because they've seen the evidence?
You seem so happy to drive this country to shit
Or, y'know, *not*.
That's a strong argument Cotton, let's see if it pays off
Wanna name the laws specifically?
No specifics needed in RepublicanLand. She's Hillary, she doesn't get due process.
And in democratland we just convict people of rape without evidence.
Yeah, not like multiple women came forward with stories supported by others, that were backed up by his own recorded words describing that exact pattern of behaviour.
His very statement, HIS OWN FUCKING WORDS, were an acknowledgment of sexual assault.
You have a very broad and incorrect definition of sexual assault. Do you have proof he physically did anything? Sexual assault is any type of forced or coerced sexual contact or behavior that happens without consent. Sexual assault includes rape and attempted rape, child molestation, and sexual harassment or threats.
Read his statement again, perhaps with the misogyny glasses off this time. Completely unelectable.
You'll have to help me...when did he threaten her? He was speaking to someone else.
donald admitted to sexual assault, I think you're referring to the Republicans convicting Bill of rape w/o evidence
Downvoted for due process. Don't ever change, trumpsters.
Multiple, but to name a couple Executive Order 13526 and 18 U.S.C Sec. 793(f)
Proof that Hillary violated them?
Lol.
Did you just ask for proof of Hillary losing defense information? Comedy gold this here.
Sure did. Tie those statutes to actual actions Hillary took. Your condescending attitude indicates you'll have no trouble doing that. Bonus question: since there's "clear" evidence of these violations, why wasn't she indicted?
She either did or did not delete e-mails and that makes me furious enough to make up fake war propaganda. /s
They never do...
Check mate atheists!
https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/793
Rekt
So I know you aren't going to read this, but [this](http://lawnewz.com/high-profile/no-hillary-did-not-commit-a-crime-at-least-based-on-what-we-know-today/) is a reasonable analysis of why she was not charged based on 793.
>(a) Whoever, for the purpose of obtaining information respecting the national defense with **intent** or reason to believe that the information is to be used to the injury of the United States[...] The key here is intent. Carelessness can result in getting you fired, but to be criminally prosecuted requires intent. Comey explained this over and over again in his testimony to Congress.
So Hillary Clinton, as secretary of state had no reason to believe transmitting classified material over unsecured servers could injure the United States? What did she think would happen when our enemies got that info? Doesn't sound like intent is needed because she should have known better.
Oh no I accidently with no intention at all created a server and accidently had people working for me with total access to that server not be cleared with a security clearance. Oh darn it! Hate when I do that with no intent at all!!
> So Hillary Clinton, as secretary of state had no reason to believe transmitting classified material over unsecured servers could injure the United States? The issue is not whether she knew it was bad to do that, it's whether she knew she was doing it at all. http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/jul/06/hillary-clinton/fbi-findings-tear-holes-hillary-clintons-email-def/ >It’s important to remember that only "a very small number" of her emails, two, were marked classified when they were first sent, and just 110 out of the 30,000 she turned over were classified but unmarked. Evidence seems to indicate that Clinton generally dealt with classified information in an appropriate manner.
Whether the info is marked or not is irrelevant. Classified is classified. From the group of 30,000 e-mails returned to the State Department, 110 e-mails in 52 e-mail chains have been determined by the owning agency to contain classified information at the time they were sent or received. Eight of those chains contained information that was Top Secret at the time they were sent; 36 chains contained Secret information at the time; and eight contained Confidential information, which is the lowest level of classification. Separate from those, about 2,000 additional e-mails were “up-classified” to make them Confidential; the information in those had not been classified at the time the e-mails were sent. There is also SAP level information which could not be disclosed to the oversight committee.
> Whether the info is marked or not is irrelevant. Classified is classified. I understand and I agree. What she did was bad. I was merely pointing out that information because it gives context and plausible deniability to her claim that it was unintentional.
If destroying evidence with bleachbit and hammers after a congressional subpoena doesn't convince you nothing will.
We've proved intent. Read the emails. Hillary and her staff clearly discussed which emails to withhold and how to get rid of them. U/stonetear even asked on Reddit how to do it! Clear intent.
> We've proved intent. Reddit sleuths crack the case again! Who needs the FBI? /s
Smashing 14 phones with a hammer seems pretty intentional. Using bleachbit to delete information that was requested for the investigation doesnt seem like an accident to me either.
>Smashing 14 phones with a hammer seems pretty intentional. It was two phones. Physical destruction is the proper way to sanitize old devices which could have confidential information in flash memory and is compliant with Federal standards. Destroying the phone does not destroy the emails on the server. If you're mad at her for mishandling classified information (which is reasonable) then you should be happy she at least did this. https://www.wired.com/2016/09/actually-clinton-destroyed-phones-better/ >Using bleachbit to delete information that was requested for the investigation doesnt seem like an accident to me either. http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/oct/09/donald-trump/donald-trump-says-hillary-clinton-deleted-33000-em/ >The FBI found no evidence that the emails were deleted deliberately to avoid the subpoena or other requests. Clinton’s team requested for the emails to be deleted months before the subpoena came. They also argued that all the emails that would be relevant to the subpoena had already been turned over to the State Department.
Even taking the most favorable interpretation of 793, she still should've been charged under 18 § 2071: > (a) Whoever willfully and unlawfully conceals, removes, mutilates, obliterates, or destroys, or attempts to do so, or, with intent to do so takes and carries away any record, proceeding, map, book, paper, document, or other thing, filed or deposited with any clerk or officer of any court of the United States, or in any public office, or with any judicial or public officer of the United States, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than three years, or both. > (b) Whoever, having the custody of any such record, proceeding, map, book, document, paper, or other thing, willfully and unlawfully conceals, removes, mutilates, obliterates, falsifies, or destroys the same, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than three years, or both; and shall forfeit his office and be disqualified from holding any office under the United States. As used in this subsection, the term “office” does not include the office held by any person as a retired officer of the Armed Forces of the United States. I've seen some argument as to whether or not it's constitutional to disallow someone from the presidency through the legal code (personally I think that portion is overruled by the constitution), but regardless, it's completely justified to file charges. Between the improper storage, the deletion of documents (at least 1 of which contained classified information), and the physical destruction of her devices it's clear, with the facts we already know, that she removed, concealed, and destroyed documents given to her in her official capacity as a public official. That alone warrants a fine/jail time.
Why else would you create a private email if it wasn't for evading prying eyes though? It seems to be more than carelessness here.
Im not at all for Trump, but to me it seems like its precisely the shock therapy needed to get America back on the right track. Either under his command or make a turn after 4 years. Especially because i believe Hilary has shown to make dubious decisions. And even if it the decision was an honest but naive one - would it really matter? Should someone, making such decisions on what she pretends was just convenient, really be president? My personal opinion is that she should not. Took some time for me to get to that point. Perhaps i just jumped from one echo chamber into the next, but i sincerely believe Clinton has a lot of skeletons in her closet. I actually think theres not enough closets for her in the White House to keep 'em. I dont think that should represent America. (Even though, goddamn, it does... sadly) She had information in her possession that she should not have. Even in her function she should not have had that information. I cant imagine how intent comes into play, thats just my gut feeling. Do we want her as president running that tight grey line, balancing between good and evil?
>Why else would you create a private email if it wasn't for evading prying eyes though? It seems to be more than carelessness here. I was referring to carelessness with respect to the handling classified information which is what was relevant to 18 U.S. Code § 793. The private server is a different matter.
But it should have resulted in her being fired, removal of all security clearances, and barred from receiving security clearance in the future.
People have had that happen to them just for accidentally forgetting to shred hardcopy of classified material. Or for forwarding classified material to their gmail address. Or for smoking weed while holding a clearance. Or any number of other minor offenses where the employee WAS CARELESS but DID NOT INTEND to do harm. Clinton made it impossible for the State Dept. to comply with the FOIA. She knowingly transmitted highly classified data over her personal email server. She chose not to turn over all government emails when required to. And then she LIED about all of that. If you lie on your SF-86 when applying for a security clearance, that alone is often enough reason for them to deny your clearance. Clinton should have just quit politics and continued stacking up those quarter-million dollar speaking fees. She'd be happier and this election wouldn't be the clown show that it is. But no, she had to go and mess it up for the entire country, just because SHE wants to be President.
>But it should have resulted in her being fired, removal of all security clearances, and barred from receiving security clearance in the future. At the time of the FBI's investigation she was no longer serving any role in government. Her only boss now is the voters, and if the voters think that her past actions disqualify her then that is their right.
What? No! It's everyone else's fault for just not voting for hillary! /s
Actually it's Bernie's fault for asking his supporters to vote for Hillary but not demanding first that they throw out their morals. /s
Should have choose a candidate with far less scandals...like that guy bernie sanders..
The voters did choose him. The delegates and DNC had other ideas.
*Some* voters chose him (including myself). More chose Clinton. He lost by any reasonable measure. Folks need to put it to rest.
Nearly 4 million voters says otherwise... and no, independents don't choose the DNC nominee. can we just let this go. starting to sound like trump...
Lol
But muh inheritance lake house! Muh praise of Cuba's healthcare system that was actually working pretty well at the time! Muh writing about the single most common fantasy during the fantasy unit of a psychology class! The sexist racist homophobic dirty communist socialist traitor is probably secretly the most scandal ridden nominee EVAR and just hasn't been vetted by the Republicans yet like Hillary Clinton has. You disgusting BERNIEBROS should be banned from the internet and preemptively arrested for hate crimes! ^^This ^^post ^^brought ^^to ^^you ^^by ^^David ^^Brock
But Bernie will get to do whatever he wants if Hillary Sachs is elected! He gets a special bedroom in the white house with a playset and crib!
A much less qualifications, makes equally dumb statements, and the institutional knowledge of representing a state which has a population smaller than some cities. And tell me that moderates are going to say "socialism? Sign me up!"
The first quarter of 2016 called. It wants its talking points back.
He was beating trump in every head to head poll since the beginning. Would have been a Bernie landslide and you'd get your supreme court as well as a good man in the whitehouse. But na, clinton was the choice, so Rowe v Wade is gonna go out the door! THANKS DNC -_-
538/Nate Silver says theoretical H2H polls are stupid, and not indicative of anything. Believing in them says a lot about bias.
I'm glad nate bronze told you that. Common sense says otherwise. Bernie would have fucking destroyed trump and you know it.
Nate's been more right than anybody else.
Tell that to Michigan.
Can't make good predictions with bad data
Tell it to his 90% accuracy.
Because 49 out of 50 is a terrible track record to have? I have never said he's perfect. Just that he's far, far more accurate than any of his contemporaries. Do you refuse credit at your job, if you don't perform with perfection every single time?
Dumber than super predators and making up Bosnian sniper stories?
Yes. How about the fact his entire schtick is based on the dumb idea that he is an "independent" but runs with the Democrats, and is such a good dem lap dog that he gets electoral support and choice committee assignments? Or how about his dumb trip to the USSR in the 80s? But you're right
So then you would rather have him running as an independent right now? Well I guess it's been a while since Nader, you probably need something new to cry about.
He was my choice but as it stands Hillary is the only decent choice remaining.
Sucks the democrats are so corrupted they couldn't go with the obvious choice of Sanders. Now most are left with Trump as the only viable choice. Would have definitely voted Sanders over him though.
If only the primary wasn't rigged against him
If only he didn't completely concede the south to Clinton. I voted for Bernie, but the primary was over at that point. Not winning MA, NY, and losing the south by huge numbers ended his campaign more than anything else.
The only guy who would actually drive GOP turnout and actually get moderate Republicans to stick with the GOP. Sanders couldn't win the majority of votes among Democrats. And you think he'd win in a more red general electorate?
When people realized there is actually someone sane running yes. I believe everyone would have rallied behind bernie. Unfortunately the media and everyone else put a stigma on him. Because nobody knew enough about him untill it was too late.
People who lose always blame others....starting with the media. Sanders and Trump, have that narrative in common....
Except sanders actual did have a media blackout. Trump had the most media coverage of all candidates. Don't look at everything so black and white.
Then we'd just be having the same exact conversation with "He's a socialist! What were they thinking nominating him!?"
Socialism was not even an issue. All it takes is a brief explanation of "social democracy" like in Europe and you're done. In fact, Hillary tried this with Bernie and it didn't work. I'm a republican and was a VERY strong Bernie supporter. He should've won hands down but the election was stolen.
I fail to see what is so wrong with the idea of making a decent life accessible to everyone.
It goes against basic human instincts and doesn't work, for one.
I don't really think this is a subject taught in schools, but Socialism comes from a labor-theory-of-value, which believes value is derived from work. It greatly appeals to human instincts. The idea that you pay people according to the amount of labor they put forth is naturally appealing. But it really doesn't match predictions of market theory or the real world, as most wealth is not derived from labor, but ownership of resources. Socialism branched off into the Social Sciences, whereas Economics focused on marginalism. Edit: I mean taught in secondary school. It is part of any University intro to political economy, and Marx is one of the pillars of the social sciences.
I would disagree. Out of 100 people how many would take value derived from work vs value derived (potentially illegally) from no work if there were no social consequences? You can force heavy socialism on countries, but you end up with people exploiting the system and working around it illegally wherever they can for personal gain.
Socialism sounds better than "could be criminal under investigation with the fbi" idk kinda has a ring to it though doesn't it?
Not to undecideds.
Until you see the poll that "socialist" is one of those things Americans refuse to vote for. And you don't think the GOP would remind voters of Bernie's ummmm "sexy" writings or his penchant for leftist dictators?
Nonsense. Obama was labelled a socialist and was elected not once but twice. The term is now seen as positive. Republicans would scream about it of course but if Democrats dug up the corpse of Ronald Reagan, slapped a clown wig on it, and ran it for president, Republicans would call it a socialist too. Sander's scandals would be nowhere near as exploitable as Hillary's, fair or not.
Poll Americans over 50 (you know, the people who actually vote) if they'd ever vote for a Socialist and get back to me.
Obama never called himself a socialist or praised Hugo Chavez. There's a difference. I have no doubt that would win over a lot of Democrats. I have also have no doubts that he would turn off too many moderates to win.
The term is seen as positive on Reddit. Most of my family still equates socialism with communism and the Soviet Union. Does that make any sense? No - but a ton of Americans have a similar instinctive reaction to the word. Bernie would have had to have either disavowed democratic socialism (unlikely) or make a case to the American people as to why socialism is good in his eyes. It's certainly not impossible, but it would've taken a lot of effort just to move people on that very basic tenet of his philosophy.
There's a difference between dragging someone's college essays from 50 years ago out and attacking someone for their actions in the last 8. One is grasping at straws, the other is legitimate criticism.
Says you. You and I both know that's not how it would play out in the media. Especially in this election where all we're doing is digging up stuff from decades ago on both candidates (Clinton's affairs, Trump's bankruptcies, etc.). There's a difference between hoping it would play out a certain way and recognizing the reality of the 24/7 news cycle combined with a massive republican machine aimed at him.
And socialism is one of those things that already exists in america...
And that's only tolerated when it's not called socialism.
Indeed it does. But a lot of the electorate still doesn't like the word. Your argument is with them. Not me.
And that's only tolerated when it's not called socialism.
Welfare, Basic Income, Food Stamps, Women Infants and Children, School Lunches, etc. etc.
If he was less popular with leftist voters in a general election against Donald trump than one of the most unpopular democratic nominees in history I'd eat my hat.
Clinton is more popular with leftists than Donald is, too, and in any case they're not the swing voters who decide elections.
Never said Bernie would be less popular with leftist voters. I said, he'd be less popular with a more centre to centre-right leaning general electorate.
McCain spoke at my workplace a few weeks after Hillary won the nomination. He went straight to the "socialist" name calling. Granted it plays extraordinarily well in Arizona, but the reality is Arizona could go blue because we have a centrist Democrat candidate to vote for, Bernie wouldn't stand a chance here. I'll wager that's true for several other traditionally red states that are now in play.
Exactly. Leftists Democrats can trash Clinton all they want. But there's no way a whole bunch of red states would even be close to where they are now, if Sanders was the candidate. Clinton might actually succeed in expanding the map.
Sanders was polling ahead of Trump (by a large margin) in Utah during the primaries. https://www.ksl.com/?sid=38970451&nid=960&title=poll-utah-would-vote-for-a-democrat-for-president-over-trump
That proves nothing. The general is a whole different ball game.
I mean if evidence doesn't help then we're both speaking anecdotally. I will say that Noone with negatives as high as trump/Clinton has ever been elected and Sanders positives were drastically higher
Maybe we shouldn't have given the nomination to someone that was being investigated by the FBI. But whatever.
But it's her turn!
Trump is under investigation for his ties to Russia so that applies to both Party's candidates.
They're BOTH being investigated by the FBI! Only one is clearly a fascist though.
>Only one is clearly a fascist though It really isn't clear which one you're referring to
This "DAE think they're equally bad?!?!" shit has really gone too far. They're both bad, but every problem Clinton has, Donald has too, and he also has a thousand problems she doesn't.
You need more media sources in your diet then.
She won. I'm as hardcore of a democratic socialist as you can get, and I was disappointed that Sanders didn't win, but people still pushing this "shoulda been ______" narrative in late October is on par with Trump thinking everything is rigged. Give it up already.
This is a stupid ass comment. We're allowed to look back as a society and say that the wrong candidate was given the nomination. That's how you keep history from repeating itself. Don't encourage ignorance.
We're not looking back this is literally happening right now. What the fuck are you talking about? We can reflect on Clintons nomination after we've seen her in office. You're literally basing all of your "wrong candidate" rhetoric off the assumption that her presidency will be bad, IF IT HAPPENS.
But she deserves to be president. She bought this county a lobster and now it's going to put out!
Not this country, maybe Saudi Arabia.
We didn't give her the nomination, the DNC did.
lol
You know 3 million more people voted for Hillary over Bernie right? Like this isn't rocket science.
Nope She got millions more votes. Suck it up
They attacked against Sanders. She may have still won, but let's not act like this was fair in any way.
Due to collusion.
Collusion caused 4 million more people to vote for her? How so?
collusion klooZHn noun- secret or illegal cooperation or conspiracy, especially in order to cheat or deceive others.
She started with a monumental head start. Plus having the media on her side definitely helped.
Look at every single corrupy country ever with dishonest media.
No matter how her DNC and her media influenced voting, people did still ~~fall for it~~ voted for her. The people who voted Hillary in the primaries f*cked up. They ignored all warnings about what would be dragged up in that investigation.
I voted for Hillary in the primary with full knowledge of the investigation. I have read all about what was found in the investigation, as well as the Wikileaks emails, and I honestly don't think anyone whose paid attention to politics for longer than a few years should be surprised by what's been turned up.
Same here. I wasn't happy about it, but Hillary is infinitely preferable to a racist serial sexual abuser and alleged pedophile whose every word and action demonstrates both a disturbing admiration for autocracy and how woefully unprepared he is to tie his shoes, let alone lead the country. Also, saying > I honestly don't think anyone whose paid attention to politics for longer than a few years should be surprised by what's been turned up. suggests that Trump supporters pay attention to politics beyond what's printed in Breitbart.
>serial sexual abuser and alleged pedophile Bill Clinton?
Is not going to court in December for allegedly raping a minor.
don't worry I think the same thing that has ruined American politics will also, this time, save it. Most people had already decided who they were voting for when this news dropped and cognitive dissonance is a helluva thing.
> Most people had already decided who they were voting for when this news dropped Absolutely the case. Undecided voters are largely a myth, and the number of undecideds is so small, they couldn't tip an election either way.
Wow. Delusion at its best.
I don't think the emails reappearing matters but I do fear the constant timed attacks on Clinton misleading voters, extending negative news cycles and costing the election. O Keefer and the_donald seems to be keen on doing that.
Like how women came out of nowhere accusing trump of sexual assault a month before the election? Come on now.
Came out of nowhere? Um, they came out after Trump spent weeks talking about Bill Clinton's proclivities. They came out to expose his hypocrisy.
>They came out to expose his hypocrisy. A month before the election when they had years and years to talk about it.
You should do some googling about sexual assault. The same thing happened with Cosby. There is strength in numbers.
You should check your first statement. We are talking about the timing.
Yes, you said they came out of nowhere. They did not. Trump was waltzing around acting like he cared about the victims of sexual assault. These women came out and exposed his bullshit hypocrisy and lies. Keep up, kid.
Anthony Weiner better drop off the face of the god damn earth after this election is over, regardless of the outcome
Or be in prison. The only reason this stuff is coming to light in the first place is because he was sexting a 15 year old.
The part that really gets my goat is that the aide who has these e-mails is the one with an issue here and it has absolutely shit to do with Hilary's basement server. He could have Obama's blackberry and say "Boy I guess these e-mails the president has are "significant" too:.
Getting mad at the aide who had classified info on her PC, instead of getting mad at the politician who enabled it. Classic r/politics.
The bigger issue is not the emails in this instance. It's the omission and perjury that any other accounts existed that had access to the system. Regardless of if this ends up being bad for Hillary Huma is going to prison
It's Huma Abedin. She testified in the case. Do you think she's not going to email her boss/longtime friend/possibly girlfriend Hillary Clinton? I'm guessing at least one of the emails contains information that was classified and went to Hillary or they wouldn't have reopened the investigation. Comey didn't tell us much of anything about it.
I know. God, the second I saw the letter I could just see how badly this was going to get blown out of proportion. Talking about this like it's some part of a "criminal scheme"?? Are you for real don? What fucking scheme? It's not like she is getting away with confessing to criminal sexual assault or anything...
I could grab them by the pussy is not confessing to committing sexual assault. I grabbed her by the pussy is. All of the stuff about The DNC rigging the primaries in HRC's favor has been proven and backed up with evidence. Videos of a bunch of HRC's campaign managers taking steps to make the primaries and elections disingenuous are also out there. The fact that most of the companies providing the voting machines for the elections are owned by a prominent HRC contributor is also a conflict of interests. You give me 1 or 2 things wrong and I'll call it a coincidence. You give me 8 or 9 and I'll call it a conspiracy.
Wrong
What difference does it make?
Haha remember when republicans bitched about that?? That was pretty insane and sad
Yeah the whole thing is honestly a giant farce. Makes me sad to be an American. Both candidates suck. The integrity of both our election process and political system as a whole are in shambles. And a lot of people don't have a clue or are too apathetic to care.
Oh really, O'Keefe videos? Please. Your concept of what constitutes as evidence seems to be off.
> O'Keefe God I want to see that asshat behind bars.
No, she's getting away with intimidating and silencing her husband's criminal sexual assault victims and enabling his behaviour for decades.
How isaking a public statement of dislike/distrust about someone trying extort your family or about someone being used as a political pawn rise to the level of intimidation?
And trump threatens to sue his accusers? How is that anything but worse?
Easy, because Trump's innocent.
Lol
Because his accusers are liars? Notice how we don't here shit from them anymore? Charging 25k to interview them yeah right. This entire trump rape drama was orchestrated by this rapid anti-trumps activist who worked on the Jerry springer show and has done shit like this in the past.
We didn't here shit from Clinton's accusers in nearly 20 years until Trump brought it up again. So by your logic they are liars too?
What if I told you that neither candidate should be elected...GASP!
Then stay home
Well there's a thing called third party. You seem to be one of the uneducated Americans that think it's 2 party system or bust and don't vote. "EVERYONE GET OUT AND VOTE! wait you aren't voting for either of the candidates I like? BOOOO STAY HOME!"
It is a 2 party system. We have a presidential system not a parliamentary one.
"Enabling Donald Trump to win the election — either by voting for him or for a third-party candidate, or abstaining from voting, makes one complicit in creating the social order a Trump presidency would spearhead." Everything but a vote for Hillary is wrong? Bitch pleaseeeeeeee
Couldn't agree more, if I have learned anything from this cycle it's that giant meteor would probably be best
I didn't say anything about Trump. What are you even talking about. Two wrongs don't make a right. But since you mention it, Hillary made similar threats. Why do you believe it's worse if Trump does it?
The comparison is relevant because the election is not happening in a vacuum. These are the two options we have, so commenting on one while leaving out the far more egregious acts of the other is disengenuous.
But I wasn't even talking about the election. Crimes are crimes and people ought to be punished for them.
Trump didn't confess to anything. Quit trying to talk about things you don't understand, it's sad.
Lol
Same responce I had reading your comment lol
If the emails on that device were a) relevant to the investigation and b) not handed over by Clinton, then it's absolutely relevant. I'm not sure how people keep overlooking the fundamental badness about the email server situation. The problem with the whole thing is that it's constructed such that oversight of Hillary's activities are just not possible. That's the source of this BS, it's entirely her doing, it's obviously to make investigating her harder, and that's entirely unacceptable behavior from a democratic leader. She had a server outside of any ability to be audited. When it was subpoena'd, she had her lawyers pick what "they approved as relevant," and deleted the rest. When her destruction of "irrelevant data" was found to be incomplete, it turns out to have also destroyed actual evidence. This is not something the public should be okay with. The fact that more has turned up is just as bad. If she had just handed over what was asked for, we wouldn't be here. If she had just used the infrastructure provided to her, we wouldn't here. And all of it was to give her unilateral control over the secrecy of her documents. All in all, this is the same kind of stuff that the NSA did to hide its warrantless wiretapping stuff. Make a secret court with secret warrants. Defend everything by invoking the national security black box (and, in her case, executive privilege). When you do release anything, redact it to the point of uselessness. Because if it's secret, you don't have to worry about oversight. This is f'ing ridiculous. I mean, Donald Trump is absolutely worse, but why on earth are we not freaking out that Hillary is putting all of her actions in a black box? That's step one in being corrupt and absolutely unnecessary for an executive that is trustworthy. I don't know if she's corrupt or not, but it's damn clear that she's taken steps to make sure that I can never really know with any certainty. The FOIA exists for a reason critical to democracy. Even outside of that, public officials have an (in my opinion) obvious duty to preserve their records and conduct their lives in a way that allows a sensible investigation of their doings. I'm absolutely incensed that she hasn't followed even the most basic practices for keeping the record that would have showed her honest dealings, that her email/ hosting was driven by an apparent desire for secrecy over security, and I refuse to accept arguments that she was ignorant--she being elected president, she's not an idiot. And this is also why I give Comey a pass on this one. He's damned if you do and damned if you don't. He's got a direct request from Congress to update them on developments and a directive from the DOJ not to impact the election. With two conflicting directives, he went the direction that enabled oversight, protect the interests of the public, and he specifically worded it to be as neutral as possible. And, if it hands the election to Trump, I'll never forgive Hillary for putting us here out of (at best) paranoia; or the DNC for cramming her down our throats.
It absolutely has everything to do with her private server because Huma sent and received emails using Weiner's computer. You have absolutely no idea what you're talking about.
Even if it went through her private server, Clinton had nothing to do with Anthony Weiner sending dick picks to 15 year olds. Weiner should be pilloried, but to try to implicate Clinton for something 10 steps removed from her and completely out of her control and knowledge is absolutely ridiculous.
You don't seem to get it. These are different agents handling this case than Clinton's original case. Comey no longer has the power to cover her ass in the Weiner case because it is a different case with different agents. He is forced now to go along with their proceedings since there is no way he can influence Weiner's case like he had with Hillary's.
Comey is by his own admission a hardcore, partisan republican. He has made it clear many times he doesn't like Clinton and believes she is crooked, even if he can't prove it. So him "Covering" for Clinton makes no sense at all.
Comey is the same guy who found no wrongdoing with Bill Clinton pardoning the fugitive Marc Rich.
"To be clear, this is not to suggest that in similar circumstances, a person who engaged in this activity would face no consequences. To the contrary, those individuals are often subject to security or administrative sanctions. But that is not what we are deciding now." - Comey. By him saying this exact quote, it shows that he was covering for Hillary and that if it was any other individual a different outcome would have occurred.
That's not actually what he's saying. Security and administrative sanctions would be, like, suspending someone without pay, revoking their security clearance, firing them from their job, etc. Comey and the FBI were deciding whether to recommend criminal charges, which are different from the 'security or administrative sanctions.' The FBI can't fire or suspend Clinton because A: She didn't ever work for them, and B: She isn't Secretary of State anymore. They also can't revoke her clearance, because it doesn't come from the FBI. The decision they were making was whether or not to recommend prosecution. That's what he means when he says, "That is not what we are deciding now."
lol you just nitpicked that very last sentence. You forgot the most important one "To the contrary, those individuals are often subject to security or administrative sanctions." Meaning she got special treatment.
If she sent classified information through an unauthorized server, it's not ridiculous at all. Weiner's weiner pics have nothing to do with this *except* that while searching through that mess, they found out his wife was emailing Clinton with the same computer. That's why it is relevant.
>Even if it went through her private server, Clinton had nothing to do with Anthony Weiner sending dick picks to 15 year olds. I don't think anyone knows for sure what Clinton has to do with. That's the point of the investigation. >Weiner should be pilloried, but to try to implicate Clinton for something 10 steps removed from her One step removed. Anthony Weiner, Huma Abedin, Hillary Clinton. >and completely out of her control and knowledge is absolutely ridiculous. And, again, we'll see when the investigation is concluded.
Nothing will be concluded. I will put money on it. Six months from now, there will be nothing conclusive found. Nothing that ties Weiner's activity to anything but him being a twisted up fuck. And yet the GOP noise machine will still walk around saying there has to be SOMETHING we can gin up on this. SOMETHING!! The inchoate rage of the right wing will never be satisfied until their worst suspicions are confirmed.
Like I said -- we'll see. James Comey showed great professionalism handling Hillary's first investigation, and I have no reason to believe that he is going to act differently in her second investigation. I think we saw, after the first investigation, that Comey wasn't a partisan hack who was out to crucify Hillary without justification. If Comey simply wanted to drag Hillary through the mud, he could have recommended indictment months ago. The fact that he called for further investigation now, at a time that we all realize is critically important, leads me to believe that he has indeed learned something that affects the course of this case.
Or he's covering himself. Imagine if Clinton wins the election, which is likely, and then GOP leaders find out that the FBI knew about more Clinton emails that it before the election and then suppressed the evidence. This in a year when the probable losing candidate is already crying about the election supposedly being rigged. I'm sure he doesn't want 40% of the country to think he's part of the rigging. Comey might just be doing everything he can to try to preserve his legacy as something other than 'that FBI email guy.'
You seem to think Hillary is being accused of being involved in the Weiner scandal. She's not.
Clinton had nothing to do with Anthony Weiner's dick pics. Nobody is saying otherwise. The only connection there is that these emails happened to be discovered due to the investigation of said dick pics.
>Even if it went through her private server, Clinton had nothing to do with Anthony Weiner sending dick picks to 15 year olds Anthony Weiner sending dick pics to 15 year olds is 100% Anthony Weiner's fault. But if something Hillary Clinton did that she shouldn't have done is revealed because of an investigation into his dick pics, then that is NOT Weiner's fault. It is her fault. She *should* be investigated for that. I don't get this whole meme of being mad at Weiner for exposing potential illegalities by a presidential candidate. Shouldn't we *want* to know about that stuff? Be mad at him for being a disgusting predator, of course, but that's separate.
If Clinton is 1/10th an evil and corrupt person as the GOP has attempted to paint her, she would have already had that laptop checked and everything on it destroyed if there was anything implicating her in any wrongdoing. I will put money on them finding nothing at all but some dirty emails Weiner the nutcase sent that nobody knew about. However the GOP and the right wing media will gin it up to be the end of the world and all Hillary's fault because she is :evil: It's fucking ridiculous.
She is evil, and a proven liar on multiple occasions. You don't need a GOP member to tell you that, just ask Bernie.
> proven liar on multiple occasions Trump lies dozens of times a day.
His hasn't costed lives.
Bernie: "I support Hillary Clinton for president"
Also Bernie: Hillary Clinton is not qualified for president
"Evil" Yeah.
I wonder what we would know about the Donald if it wasn;t for his well honed army of lawyers and their aggressive non-disclosure agreements.
Probably a hell of a lot. I hope you didn't misconstrue my criticism of Clinton as support for Trump, who I despise. There seems to be a lot of that type of bad logic going around Reddit these days, like the only two options are to be a cheerleader for one or the two major candidates, so if you're criticizing one, you must be in love with the other one. Which I think is the epitome of foolishness and shallow political thought.
Its like the cops breaking into your place because there is a fire next door and finding your massive amounts of cocaine. Its still illegal.
I think instead we should be angry at Comey for failing to help cover up a potential Clinton vulnerability.
> Huma sent and received emails using Weiner's computer That was her fucking job as Hillary's aide. If she was personally mishandling classified documents through public e-mail it would be her bad.
But if the evidence shows that Hillary used a personal server to send classified emails to Huma's device then Hillary can be prosecuted for doing that because it against the law.
And part of her job, when she quit, was to destroy anything classified (not to mention classified material shouldn't have been on a private device in the first place). She signed a document stating she had done so. So the investigation is now into two things: 1. Do any of the emails left on Weiners computer contain classified information? If yes, Huma, but not necessarily Hillary, violated multiple laws. 2. If the answer to 1 is yes, did she send that classified information to Hillary Clinton's private server while working for the state department? If yes, Hillary broke multiple laws. Right now we have no idea the answer to either question.
If she emailed Hillary on that computer then it went through her private server. Otherwise maybe it's backups. We don't know what we have yet.
They could got rid of him before the investigation. [Trump on Twitter 7.11.2012](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/266276897305026560)
Pervert alert from one.
Takes one to know one
Anthony Weiner is living proof that the Clintons don't murderize people who cross them.
All you need to be is a public figure
Its being reported that Weiner had the 650,000 emails in a folder named "life insurance". Lololol
Seriously? Because that would be amazing.
He's lucky Huma gives *great* head...
Weiner wanted to have sex with a 15 year old and ended up fucking a 70 year old! 
Very original
he fucked the 70 year old to even out all the damage the 14 year olds did to his self worth.
You savage!!!!
May have stuck his dick in all of us before this is over.
top marks, enjoy upvote
5/7 best comment
Sounds pretty American to me.
The candidates you get in a democracy reflects the society you have voting
Yeah, Communism is totes better.
America is a republic, not a democracy.
And America right now is one big dick pic.
Pretty sure Hillary was never America's first choice for a democratic nominee.
By all appearances she was the DNCs first choice.
Bernie never had a chance. They were against him from the very beginning. Hillary was 'chosen' before any of this began.
Thats true only if the election is not "rigged". Its become fairly clear the primary was played with a deck stacked heavily in Hillary's favor. I guess you could say its still true because we allowed those people to have their power in the first place but the parties are not a government function so its not like we could have voted them out directly anyway.
The candidates we have are a direct result of people being lied to by politicians. People are tired of it, and if the DNC wasn't so corrupt you'd have a total anti-establishment race.
yeah, those pesky voters. If only we could do without *them*!
lol Democracy...
Yup. Looks like we want lower taxes.
Shame you will get higher taxes under Trump due to his excessive spending.
Exactly right. We get the candidates we deserve and the government we deserve.
No, we don't get the candidates we deserve. We don't live in a democracy anymore, as Jimmy Carter has said several times. The oligarchy is electing the candidates, and as Hillary/DNC proved, if voters choose a candidate, the party might fix it so they get another.
If we had a nation of people who took an interest in politics, and if voter turnout were closer to 90% every year, these shadowy oligarchs wouldn't have the power they have. The fact—and it *is* a fact—is that politicians are forced to ask us for our votes every year. Sure, the wealthy can run a thousand ads and try to convince the public of this or that, and it works, but only because the general public is not engaged and, as a result, is ignorant. The notion that there's nothing we can do in a country where we vote for our elected officials is, frankly, nonsense. I agree with Carter, but "we don't live in a democracy" is very misleading. We absolutely live in a democracy. We simply choose to collectively abdicate our responsibility to be informed and show up to make decisions. > No, we don't get the candidates we deserve. Why do we deserve better? We aren't special snowflakes. There are places in this this world where people have no say in who their leaders are. Why do we *deserve* better than that? We only deserve it if we're willing to work for it. I believe the natural state of humankind is tyranny. If we want better than that, we have to work for it. Those who came before us only passed democracy along to us. They didn't—and couldn't—guarantee that it would survive after we took over. That's *our* job. It's each generation's job. Anyway, we only deserve what we work for, and working for it doesn't mean complaining. It means paying attention, knowing what's going on, making informed decisions, and then showing up *every year* to vote. We don't (collectively) do that, so we get what we deserve. The person to whom I originally replied was right—our candidates are a reflection of us. If we're disappointed, we should look to ourselves first.
Hillary GOT MORE VOTES. WE PICKED HER. Trump GOT MORE VOTES. WE PICKED HIM
Don't blame the people when the DNC did everything in their power to remove their power and subvert democracy. It's not our fault they cheated Bernie out of the nomination and elevated Trump. And this is no nothingburger. PREET BHARARA is behind this new investigation.
How did the DNC both cheat Bernie and elevate Trump?
Check out WikiLeaks
That's not an answer.
You're going to have to be more specific than that.
There are tons of examples out there friend. I'll give you a taste: Donna Brazile passed along a Town Hall question word for word to the Clinton campaign As for Trump, we saw that he got $2 billion of free airtime and was legitimized by the media (exactly what HRC and the DNC planned) https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/785615427913199616 We've already seen the cozy relationship between HRC/DNC and the press/media, so this shouldn't surprise anyone.
This isn't about one election. The problem with those who supported Sanders was that they showed up about a year ago. It was too late. The time to be involved is every year. There are elections every year in this country, not simply when the guy you really, really like asks you to vote for him. That's the whole point Sanders is trying to make right now when he talks about keeping the movement going. He knows why he lost, and he's not blaming the DNC. He's blaming low participation in our democracy. And this isn't just about Sanders. It's not about one guy in one election. We've allowed our government and our country to rot for far too long. Even if I accept your argument that Sanders lost because the DNC worked against him (and I don't accept that argument, because I believe that, in a society where more people paid attention, Sanders would have won by a margin wide enough to overcome any DNC shenanigans), that still doesn't explain how a man like Donald Trump can secure the nomination of the other major party. We're talking about symptoms of the problem, not the problem itself. Things still wouldn't be okay if Sanders had gotten the nomination—he's not a messiah and he can't fix it all himself. The main issue is voter ignorance and apathy.
>Even if I accept your argument that Sanders lost because the DNC worked against him (and I don't accept that argument, because I believe that, in a society where more people paid attention, Sanders would have won by a margin wide enough to overcome any DNC shenanigans), We're getting there buddy. Sanders would have had no chance 8 years ago, but the mobile market (info on-the-go) and more access to information in general has helped him. But still, the DNC did cheat Bernie and the emails and their actions prove this. >that still doesn't explain how a man like Donald Trump can secure the nomination of the other major party. We're talking about symptoms of the problem, not the problem itself. Things still wouldn't be okay if Sanders had gotten the nomination—he's not a messiah and he can't fix it all himself. The main issue is voter ignorance and apathy. We have already learned about the Clinton's and the DNC's cozy relationship with the press and MSM. They basically own the media. It's no surprise Trump got $2 billion of free airtime and was legitimized by the media. It was the HRC/DNC plan the whole time https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/785615427913199616
I think if you're looking for something sinister in that email then you'll find it. Doesn't necessarily mean it's there. The phrase at the end could mean "tell the press what to say in shady back room meetings" or it could mean "talk about the other candidates as though they were serious contenders when you're on their show to attempt to control the narrative." The second one is standard campaign strategy. There's no way of knowing which is the truth, hence if you're looking for malice, you'll find it. We should all be more skeptical even when it's something that confirms our beliefs.
Would you defend Nixon or any other criminal this way? The facts are out there buddy. The DNC 100% cheated Bernie and we've already seen a lot of media collusion. If it looks like a pizza and tastes like a pizza, it's probably a pizza.
This is horseshit. Gerrymandering and voter suppression ensures we get the government that Republicans want.
Maybe it makes you feel better to believe that you have no power, but it's nonsense. Gerrymandering happened because: 1. Most Americans don't even know what the word means or that it exists. This goes right back to my point about most Americans not paying attention for more than three months every four years, if that. 2. We, the voters, haven't collectively demanded that our politicians support drawing districts via an unbiased, non-partisan commission (see Canada for an example that works). But feel free to keep telling yourself that we have no power. We get the politicians we deserve, and we'll continue to get these same clowns until we realize that elections have consequences. Elections are the only time, once a year, when politicians have to answer to us, and if we abdicate our responsibility by not being informed or even showing up, we can't whine about how unfair the system is.
Unless you're black and then the police come to your house to make sure you're not committing voter fraud.
What if your elected officials are committing fraud? What if they just happen to be ultra rich and can afford to buy their way into office? This isn't a clear cut thing.
Nothing is clear cut. I'd argue that officials who are committing fraud are more easily spotted when the public is paying attention and demanding more accountability. Collectively, we are not. Re: buying one's way into office, that's a lot harder to do when the public is paying attention and participating in their democracy. Money buys ads. If the public knows a candidate is full of BS because the public is paying attention and demanding clear positions from candidates before even considering them, it's a lot harder to buy an election (and if the public demanded publicly funded elections with an overwhelming majority of them refusing to vote for anyone who doesn't support that policy, we wouldn't even allow anyone to buy an election). If we had more participation in general, and closer to 90% voter participation, even in *off-year* elections, politicians would be forced to provide more details on their policies, and more voters would be familiar with them in the first place. We are a country where over one-third (36%) of the population cannot name all three branches of government. Further, more than one-third (35%) cannot even name *one* branch. Anyone who thinks our politicians don't reflect who we are is either not paying attention or in denial. This is what we get, and we don't have anyone to blame but ourselves. It's the schools, some will say—they don't teach civics. I agree, and who determines what the schools teach in a democracy? Shady special interests bent on total world domination via an ignorant public? No, the public does, either by insisting on things or by remaining silent. ---- *Edited: Corrected a typo and reworded a sentence.*
Actually it represents the small percentage who participate in the primaries more than anything imo
I'd argue that yes, the candidates directly reflect those who participate in the primaries, but they also reflect those who chose not to participate. Not participating is a form of speech as much as participating is, and I wouldn't give a pass to anyone who says they want nothing to do with the process while also wanting to complain about the results and claim that they didn't have anything to do with this mess. That's the entire point, in fact. If more people participated, our candidates might better represent us and who we want to be.
I am separating myself from the 'we'. I def dont deserve trump.
Well, many of us might not think we deserve him. Either way, it doesn't matter. He's here, and we've got him. I hope it's a wake-up call for people who don't usually pay attention to politics, but I'm not *too* hopeful. I've seen several potential wake-up calls in the last decade, and I'm always disappointed.
What the hell does that even mean? Are we just saying whatever quasi-intellectual college sophomore critique of politicians pops into our heads and upvoting it now?
It means exactly what it says. We voted for two absolute assholes.
It makes the educated voter feel educated.
Nah, it's usually what uneducated voters who voted to nominate a terrible candidate say to try to spread the blame. The only people who deserve the trainwreck are the ones who voted for him/her.
It means exactly what it said. Read the fucking words.
"Please ignore that government corruption and media oligarchies have rigged the election with documented proof, Trump and Clinton clearly won because Americans are just stupid".
I never said "ignore" anything. People are clearly already doing that. That's the entire point. In a country where only a fraction of voters show up for a mid-term election and have told candidates with their votes that they are more interested in political theater than substance, we get exactly the candidates and government we have right now, and we deserve it. We hear people complaining about "the American people deserve better" and whining about politicians *after* elections, but if more than a fraction of the country paid attention for more than three months every four years, we might have the government many feel we deserve. The point of my comment was to echo those of the person to whom I replied: our candidates and our government are a reflection of us, even if many would prefer to whine about "oligarchy". The oligarchy exists because a majority of Americans either *want* it to exist or are simply too lazy to be take an interest in their own government. ---- *Edited: Added a missing letter.*
Well, Trump won for that reason. Can't even claim it was rigged for him, if Republicans weren't so anti-intellectual they would have voted in a real candidate
I think he means that if you slam your dick in the car door, you're gonna have a bloody car. We could have had Bernie, instead we might get Trump. Edit: We've all seen House of Cards, don't tell me you didn't know this was going to happen.
Pffff bernie would have no shot! Clinton is far more electable!..........fuck we should have chose bernie .
I understand your logic and reasoning. However, I have to throw those two things out for the real world. I still see Clinton winning in an electoral landslide.
No we couldn't. You know all those ads against Trump that's just him talking? Trumps camp would do the same with Bernie. Sure, there would be a bit more removal of context in those ads, but try spinning "bread lines are good" to something good for Bernie
Trump's not even buying ads. All Clinton had to do to win was: a) not be sick b) shut up c) not be in a scandal. And she can't even do that.... Trump's destroyed himself, it's not like Clinton has done anything to help herself or hurt Trump, he's his own worst enemy. Bernie's the most liked politician in the US. Sure, he wouldn't be if he was still running, but you can bet the house he'd sure as hell be more popular than Hillary. Those that would be swayed by Republican propaganda are already voting Trump or not at all. I mean, I'd vote for a moderately intelligent monkey over Trump and I think about 50% of Americans would do the same....
You really need to read [this piece](http://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2016/10/19/13340828/hillary-clinton-debate-trump-won). It lays out the case that Trump didn't self destruct, but Hillary needled him into doing it. I'm not saying that Bernie wouldn't be able to do the same, but the way he always defaults to his stump makes me doubt it. And, sure, Hillary has her faults. I'm not saying that she hasn't, but she played Trump like a fiddle. The only time she didn't were when she didn't put the Khans in primetime. And, of course, when she didn't say she were sick right of the bat
Why would you do that
Sorry, too far.
You must be new here.
Yes, yes we are.
Ehh that's actually an extremely famous quote from the founding of the nation.
You aren't in a third world country or a monarchy or a dictatorship. Your elections aren't "rigged!!" Your voters have a freedom to choose which candidate or party they want to back. You chose this. You deserve this.
If the DNC was not rigged for Clinton, Sanders may have been the nominee. Everyone that overlooked the actions of the DNC and fell in line behind Clinton are getting what they worked for, what they deserve. Anyone still supporting Clinton will be pushing more of that on the whole country sadly, which does not deserve that.
I was a Bernie person as well and see her actions regarding him and the nomination process as pretty despicable. Right now the whole Democratic should be pissed at Clinton for her creating this problem. There would be no email scandal if Clinton had conducted business as she was required to do. Her sidestepping the system is why she is in this situation. Her hiding this as long as she did was her fault. I personally enjoy watching her campaign out of control. Both parties, it seems, reached to the very rotten, moldy depths of the barrel to give us their "best" candidates so both parties deserve the shit show we are getting. I hoped it would be enough to maybe get a third party person elected to make both reevaluate what they are doing to us. Maybe next time.
> If the DNC was not rigged for Clinton, Sanders may have been the nominee. Everyone that overlooked the actions of the DNC and fell in line behind Clinton are getting what they worked for, what they deserve. Anyone still supporting Clinton will be pushing more of that on the whole country sadly, which does not deserve that. ... say the 20 year-olds that don't know shit about politics.
Rigged? Get it into your head, Sanders lost. He lost by 3 million votes. Yeah the DNC didn't want him, but guess what neither did the people, get over yourself.
You must be one of those supporters who doesn't care about the leaks and just think the russians are trying to sway our election.
What leaks? Leaks that showed people supporting the lifelong Democrat over the guy that switched parties just to run for POTUS?
Dnc!=the people
Wtf are you talking about? We deserve Trump? I prefer Clinton and drmocratic senate majority with Warren/Sanders handling the issues than whatever is in store for the country if Trump wins
You have no idea what you're talking about.
And what is "that"?
The DNC didn't rig the election. That's utter nonsense. The leaks show people bitching in private emails, not rigging the election. Sanders lost because he was an inferior candidate.
The primary wasn't "rigged". And the primary [wasnt close by historical standards](http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/was-the-democratic-primary-a-close-call-or-a-landslide/).
Yeah it wasn't rigged. Except in New York, Arizona, California and Nevada.
Okay go run along with your unvalidated conspiracy theory.
Apparently you missed the DNC email leaks that forced DWS to resign. But yea no dirt there people just resign for fun
Just for the record, how did the DNC rig those states?
They just did, okay?! Quit asking questions!
If it was rigged then do explain how Bernie did better in caucus states? You know, the places where the dnc runs the elections?
How do you explain the thousands of missing absentee ballots in New York and California? Or the voter suppression in Phoenix?
That's not true. States have caucuses because they do not want to foot the bill to run a primary. It's about cost. In no way is a caucus ran by the DNC.
> If the DNC was not rigged for Clinton The DNC was not rigged for Clinton. All of the DNC emails I've seen so far that can be interpreted as "rigging" the primary come from mid March to mid June. Bernie definitively lost the primary on Super Tuesday, which was March 1st. He should have conceded then. The fact that he didn't, and that his campaign started turning on the DNC and blaming it for their failures after that point, is why you see DNC emails which are critical of Bernie and his campaign.
It's cool to like Bernie and all but I don't think the DNC was responsible for him losing by 4 million votes
The DNC pushing so hard for Clinton is questionable, but is it not also possible that voting Democrats preferred Clinton because she is more moderate?
I would imagine they pushed so hard for her because she was actually a Democrat
The horror.
As Inigo Montoya might say, 'moderate' is a word that may not mean what you think it means. In most of his economic and policy positions, Bernie would be considered moderate and very ordinary if you dropped him from a time machine into FDR's time. Hillary would seem very conservative (and Trump would be a clearly identifiable Fascist). What you think of as 'moderate' is the result of decades of conservative media spin and moving the window of what's considered 'moderate' far to the right.
This is utter nonsense. Hillary's and Bernie's stances on most social issues alone would be unfathomable in FDR's time.
> Bernie would be considered moderate and very ordinary if you dropped him from a time machine into FDR's time. Hillary would seem very conservative (and Trump would be a clearly identifiable Fascist). You have got to be joking. If you think what you said is true, you have a very poor grasp of history, I'm afraid. This constant longing for a "golden age" in America is completely toxic, no matter what your political viewpoint is and what period you decide to fixate your nostalgia on. FDR was seen by many people as a dangerous radical who was reshaping and expanding the American government in new and frightening ways. Bernie is further to the left than even FDR. He would not have been seen as "normal". Hillary Clinton is maybe roughly in line with FDR, policy-wise, on many — maybe even most — fronts.
If you're actually trying to argue that the Roosevelt administration's legacy was a bunch of corporate-friendly neoliberal policies, well good luck with that I guess
As David Brin points out, the people we call "the Greatest Generation" overwhelmingly loved FDR. When our country struggled through the Depression and destroyed Fascism in Germany, Japan and Italy, it was he they looked to for moral and intellectual leadership. The 'many people' who thought he was a dangerous radical considered him "a traitor to his class," i.e. the wealthy. And they and their ideological offspring spent decades erasing FDR's legacy, and reviving fascism under other names. No: those days of the 1930's and 1940's are not a Golden Age. Socially, we've come far; racism, sexism and homophobia are no longer considered acceptable. But in most respects the government ran a lot better then, and much of the reason is that the far right were, for a time, largely out of power in America.
Irrelevant. You're voting today. Not in the 60s. Sanders is not a moderate. In this year's election. By your logic, Barry Goldwater would have been a moderate. After all, he's just opposing civil rights to maintain status quo. That's pretty moderate.....
But then perhaps more relevant is the argument that - in the global context - that Hillary (and Obama) are indeed pretty moderate right, and that Bernie is left leaning. And, as another poster said, Trump is a clearly identifiable fascist.
30's and 40's?
Yeah well we're talking about the present.
Yea but points still valid. Bernie is moderate and both Clinton and Obama are to the right of moderate. You can't even say they lean left, it's just an optical illusion because Republicans have jumped the shark
In any other country Americans would want to live in, he would be a pretty average voice in government, just slightly to the left and probably with people further to his left in government too.
Not in Switzerland.
Shes only a moderate in US politics, in the rest of the world she is moderate right. The left deserved a voice for the first time in 30+ years.
In my state, RI, the population voted for Sanders, but the majority of the states delegates went to Clinton due to the Super Delegates in the state. The DNC was rigged by design, and I cannot and will not support that. BTW, I voted Sanders: http://imgur.com/a/7oX4D You won't find anything like this in Sanders' past, present, or future.
So you want to basically help put Trump in, who will do nothing to support Bernie? Logic.
What your statement doesn't even make sense superdelegates don't represent states. Hillary had more votes than Sanders period. I think Bernie is the politician that this country deserves, but to say the DNC "rigged" it is as disingenuous as Trump. Bernie was behind since Super Tuesday, he had less votes, less delegates, less super delegates.
Sanders lost the popular vote by millions of votes. Super delegates had nothing to do with it - if the DNC didn't use super delegates, Clinton *still* would have won the nomination, and handily.
What are you talking about? 1. The reason the supers broke for Clinton is that she won the pledged delegate counts. 2. Assuming that by "You won't find anything like this in Sanders' past, present, or future," you mean seeking the support of supers, you are simply mistaken. Once it became clear that Sanders wasn't going to win the pledged delegate count, his strategy *entirely* pivoted to trying to flip the supers.
>The reason the supers broke for Clinton is that she won the pledged delegate counts. That's not true. She lined up the supers from day one, they did not break for her after the pledged delegates. You imply that the super delegates were influenced by the pledged delegates but the opposite is true and that seems entirely by design to me.
Yeah, Sanders lost by pledged delegates too. The supers did not decide it.
But, those were the rules beforehand... you can't say it was "rigged" if the rules didn't change. DNC sets their own rules for the selection of the party candidate. It was always going to be harder for someone like Sanders since he wasn't actually a Democrat beforehand. What OP and Sanders was saying too if you were paying attention was that if you want things to change you have to actually participate. Go to party meetings. Vote every election. It's going to take time. What we've got now is basically a function of decisions people made 2 and 4 years ago.
What everyone fails to realize is that both parties didn't want trump or sanders to win the primaries, the establishment wanted to hold on to their power by any means necessary, the DNC itself clearly did everything they could to make sure Clinton was the nominee, the republicans couldn't figure out how to stop trump.
>But, those were the rules beforehand... you can't say it was "rigged" if the rules didn't change. The rules also required the DNC to remain neutral. >DNC sets their own rules for the selection of the party candidate. It was always going to be harder for someone like Sanders since he wasn't actually a Democrat beforehand. They are a private organization and can choose their candidate ad they see fit. What they can't do is feign neutrality while acting in a biased fashion, because that's *fraud*. People who donated to Bernie's campaign did so under the pretense that the DNC was a neutral party (as DWS was constantly claiming in interviews throughout the course of the primary).
The other thing that was pretty much set in stone before the primary began was Hillary's general performance - she got 17.5 million primary votes in 2008, so a reasonably competitive campaign could have assumed she would get roughly the same number of raw votes this year. The Sanders campaign got 13.2 million votes. Hillary's campaign got 16.9 million. One of these was way, way off target.
> but the majority of the states delegates went to Clinton due to the Super Delegates in the state That's not how super delegates work....
Of course it is—superdelegates are free to support whichever candidate they want regardless of how their state votes Of course, they were implemented a few decades ago with the express purpose of preventing unelectable candidates—who'd happened to amass more regular delegates—from clinching the nomination, so obviously this year demonstrates quite elegantly just how badly the superdelegate system has been bastardized to favor the anointed establishment candidate who promises to funnel the most campaign money to the state-level party elite
If the GOP had super delegates, Trump wouldn't be the nominee. Also, super delegates don't represent *specific* states. They represent the party and vote along with the candidate that has the most delegates- regular delegates.
More people voting for Clinton = DNC rigged.
I agree with you, I do. I was, and still am, a Bernie supporter, and I believe that rewarding Hillary and the DNC for their blatant corruption will only tell them that they can get away with it in the future, but hell....a Trump presidency? I know how damaging that would be to everything and everyone in this country, without a doubt. Hillary is a bad choice, and not to be trusted, but I'm currently an undecided voter because I know how bad the next four-eight years will be if Trump is elected.
This is pretty much my exact stance. And i didnt even really like how far left bernie was. I only liked him because he seemed like a genuine american who wanted nothing more than to improve our country. Hillary strikes me as entitled and self motivated and trump does as well; both have large amounts of money that influence their decisions as well. I do love trumps charisma but that's not enough for me. I wanted to elect the dude(bernie) who had seemingly no interest in personal gain even though i dont like many of his political stances. Our excutive isnt all powerful so its not like we would have instantly gone full liberal immediately. Still undecided. I live in an area that is astoundingly pro trump. Well any red candidate would have my areas full support. I might show up in my blue pickup and all blue clothing just to see if people will mess with me. Part of me wants trump to win just to teach the parties a lesson: feed us a turd sandwhich and we will shit it right back all over you. I will probably end up voting for trump or third party just because hillary is obviously slimy. I dont know if shes a crook but either way she clearly doesnt respect the people she wants to govern. If she did then she wouldn't have had to stack the deck to win the primary.
As a fellow undecided voter, I'd be interested to hear what reasons you think Trump would be so damaging to the country. I'm not disagreeing with you, just simply curious for another point of view. I understand he's an ape-headed buffoon, but he can't be *that* crazy behind closed doors and be as successful as he has been. Inheritance or not. Meanwhile I'm torn, because I know I can't trust Clinton at all. Even as someone who identifies conservative (For economic reasons) I would have happily voted for Bernie over either of the two leading candidates. While I can't agree with his methods of funding, I'm not a cold-hearted prick either and really felt like he was in it for the right reasons. So what bugs you about Trump?
I don't believe anyone could be an undecided voter at this point. Your argument makes no sense - maybe Trump isn't a complete fool behind closed doors? Meanwhile you don't trust Clinton because where there's smoke there must be fire, even though we checked for fire, and someone close to her sent dick pics. I mean come on.
Seriously, how the hell are you undecided? Are you ambivalent to most choices in your life?
It is hard for me to reconcile that people are still undecided. I do say that as a Hrc voter, so it's certainly biased I guess. I just don't get undecided at this point.
Hey, sorry it took a while to reply. I'd say I'm socially liberal, and I split on economic issues with dems and repubs pretty evenly (I've always identified with that "Let gay couples protect their legal weed with legal guns" bumper sticker), just to give a snapshot of my views. I think I'm so anti-Trump for a lot of reasons. His choices of a VP are antithetical to my views, his maltreatment of women is something I'd expect of one on the sex offender list, not a presidential nominee, his supreme court nominees would set this country back decades in the ways of social progress, gay rights, etc, and his inability to hold himself together during a two or three hour debate are something I'd expect from a child, not a grown man. I may write Bernie in on my ballot this november. I may choose a third party candidate (Neither of whom I have the warm and fuzzies about either) purely for the sake of that 5%, federal funds and stage time. I may decide it's not worth the risk, swallow my indignation, and vote clinton. I'm still unsure.
Trump is completely unpredictable and seems to lack all semblance of emotional self control. You put me in a room with trump and I bet I can hit the buttons and rile him up. Dude is soft and weak...also he seems to not know anything about anything. My analogy for this election is in carrying bags of shit. Hilary is a 10lb bag of shit, I know gross right...would you rather carry a 10lb bag of shit or an 80lb bag of shit that may or may not have a live explosive in it. There also might be some gold glitter mixed in the big bag
> but he can't be that crazy behind closed doors and be as successful as he has been. It beggars belief, but honestly I haven't seen much to indicate that him being crazy is just an act. His general attitude is one that's incompatible with a position that has the ability and responsibility to decide to launch the entire US nuclear arsenal. It's really as simple as that in my opinion. He's already even expressed that he doesn't understand why the nuclear option is off the table to begin with. So besides his mental state, it appears he doesn't even have a solid grasp on something that's last centuries most important threat to human civilization.
Fellow Bernie supporter here Mike Pence alone is enough to make me not want to vote trump, because of his past and also because after everything Pence did, Trump thought he'd be a good VP [Here's](https://np.reddit.com/r/Indiana/comments/4u6qfr/why_is_mike_pence_disliked_in_indiana/d5ng4e0/) a good comment that explains why Pence is a terrible choice for any form of government
Donald Trump clearly doesn't know how the government works and clearly doesn't know anything about what is actually happening in the world. Which is dangerous enough, but could at least be made up for if he took the advice of others with more experience. But, his campaign has clearly shown he is too much of a narcissist to even do that. The power of the presidency is not safe in the hands of someone with those personality traits. Worse, he's extremely thin skinned and vengeful. You might be able to bully your way to success in the business world (but for only so long - the means of his success in the 80s and 90s has made him toxic in the present). His campaign shows how Clinton has played him like a fiddle. But her manipulations are child's play compared to someone like Putin. Trump has the potential of seriously harming America's foreign policy. Clinton may not be entirely trustworthy, but she at least has a proven track record of foreign policy experience and knows how the government actually works. Her temperament is also predictable, and her campaign has shown someone who reacts to provocation with self-control and intelligence, instead of lashing out emotionally and self-destructively. At worst, with Clinton, you'd end up with pretty much the status quo. Also, if you're ruling out Clinton for being untrustworthy, you'd also have to rule out Trump. Clinton can at least be said to be more trustworthy than Trump. Not exactly a high bar... Clinton may be corrupt, but she isn't dangerous. The choice is pretty much anyone but Trump.
I can't deny that she knows how the Government works better than anybody out there. She's got the whole country eating out of her hands. I think that's what scares me the most. Whatever personal agenda she decides upon, she'll get her way. That could be very good, or very, very bad. I think Trump is a terrible presidential choice, but I wonder if he could at least be constrained by the system of checks and balances, whereas I worry Clinton would navigate past our laws in almost a totalitarian way. I picture this scenario: If congress overruled trump or the supreme court make a decision he didn't like, he'd pout and complain but he'd move on. But Clinton would just find another way. And both sides of that make me uneasy.
It always blows me away when people say they're undecided because they can't trust Hillary Clinton, but will somehow consider the guy that lies literally dozens of times per day.
> I understand he's an ape-headed buffoon, but he can't be that crazy behind closed doors and be as successful as he has been. It's not Donald Trump I'm afraid of. It's the guy who will actually be President outside of the figurehead roles - Mike Pence. Mike Pence should be significantly more terrifying for anything who considers themselves to be even the tiniest bit liberal.
I'm a progressive, strong one at that. But can't we acknowledge that someone who has the highest position in the land needs to be able to make decisions based on facts, not gut feelings and anecdotes. Secondly, the minute trump is caught in controversy he reveals that he doesn't have a spine and isn't as tough as he portrays and tries to lie his way out, always unsuccessfully, when we find video/audio evidence; you'd think he'd realize by this point that if he is being accused of having said or did something that he'd just own up to it because these accusations start from things he's said/done. Now I won't be rewarding Hillary or the DNC with my vote either. To sum it up, no one should be able to deserve the presidency and no one should be able to be insult their way to the position and simultaneously have numerous accusations of sexual assault and aggression
Not the guy you were talking to but as a former Bernie supporter: Trump has virtually no policy stances, and the ones he does have are not well thought out. He doesn't listen to his team at all, and he hasn't put a good one around him which would likely be indicative of his presidency. He clearly does not understand healthcare policy beyond "we should repeal Obamacare, it's a disaster." He doesn't understand foreign issues beyond "it's a disaster, and it's Hillary's fault," because if he did he would've hammered those points in the debates. Instead, we had a man that got baited by every little thing Hillary said, proving how poor his temperament is. How would he react to foreign leaders if his response to Hillary was "No you're the puppet," which sounds like something a 5-year old would say? This is ignoring everything else I don't like about Trump, but if you haven't decided yet I'm not going to hammer those points even more. I think his lack of policy knowledge is often overlooked because of everything else about him.
I'm still just not sure it isn't an act. But I can't tell if that week sense of hope is justified or fueled by my mistrust of Clinton.
Well frankly I think he used to be a lot sharper than he is now. I think he's fallen off mentally with age. I don't think he is the same person who built a succesful business anymore.
Crazy is a relative term - I'm sure his erratic, off the cuff nature is good for negotiations and general business tactics. I think he even wrote about that in the Art of the Deal. The issue arises when this same behavior happens by the head of the most powerful nation in the world, where words can influence things like markets or relations with allies. You need to view his behavior in context of the position he is running for. When the man calls for banning Muslims from entering our country, it angers allies we need in the Middle East to help us fight against terrorism. When he implies he'll back away from NATO obligations, it sends a sign to aggressors that maybe it's okay to bully some smaller eastern European nation because the United States won't defend. If the United States elects someone who has virtually no confidence in our intelligence community, public and private, and when these same people have no confidence in him (50 top directors signing a letter saying he is unfit), it should scare Americans and our allies. When he says we should let Japan and South Korea develop nuclear weapons, you can bet that the hair on the arms of the tweaks in North Korea raised the second he said that. Mind you, I've purposely avoided policy, because honestly, the above alone ought to be enough. The things I listed are not things that can be moderated by the people below him; Congress can't do a followup explaining what he meant to the world like Kellyanne Conway and his surrogates do right now. His words can undermine global security alone, let alone his actions. This also makes the argument that "well it's just four years" a naive one - there is some permanent damage that can be done in four years when the global hegemon goes crazy for a term. edit: you also say you don't trust Clinton. What makes you trust Trump (you specifically said you distrust Clinton but left Trump alone) but not Clinton? Are you sure you're applying your standard fairly to both people?
I feel I should point out something about the NATO comments as I think it applies to many things he has said that people have issue with. It should be viewed in the prism of a negotiation. You don't sit down to negotiate a deal and start with the absolute bottom dollar you will accept. You start early with a hard line and then if concessions need to be made, the other party can claim those as a victory and not walk away pissed about the whole thing. So if we say we will have to think about it, and it gets them to spend another 1% gdp than they currently are (though still less than they are "required" to)...where's the harm in that?
1. Trump is not that successful. He lost nearly a billion dollars in 1995, in one of the best boom times for real estate in American History. People who have worked with him like his ghost writer on his books don't think he's as successful as he claims he is. Trump himself in the past has made jokes about how in debt he is. 2. In the wake of the Paris and Orlando shootings Trump's words in describing both the perpetrators and the problem with the shooters as that they were Muslim. Despite that the Orlando shooter was a native-born citizen, he said the shooter was an "Afghan" and an "enemy" that we have to confront. You cannot hear that and merely believe that he wants to shut out Muslim immigrants or refugees - who didn't even do these attacks. The only end result is a police state willing to crack down on Muslim citizens. That's a problem both morally as human beings but also because Trump has said that he wants to *expand* the surveillance state as a whole, focuses on "Law and Order," etc. 3. Following from that, Trump not only praises dictators like Putin and Kim Jong Un, but he frequently uses those same terms and policy proposals when he discusses shutting down dissent. He wants to attack the press for "slandering" him and restrict freedom of speech, he specifically says that he wants to put restrictions on "the internet" despite having even less understanding of it than the average politician, and he wants to execute Edward Snowden. 4. He wants to purge all Obama political appointees and repeal all of his executive actions on Day 1. He wants to repeal the Iran Nuclear deal, which will pull out all inspectors, put up American sanctions on Iran while the rest of the world continues removing theirs, and increasing the chance of a war with a nuclear Iran, who by the way, he says we should have *bombed* for briefly detaining four American sailors who floated into their waters. He wants to both end NATO and yet give nukes to Japan, South Korea, and the Saudis. Trump has zero clue on foreign policy and intelligence policy, yet ignores US Intel briefs because the Russians tell him otherwise. He asked *multiple times* in one briefing as to why WE CAN'T EVER USE NUKES, yet would have the keys right in his hand with no restrictions. 5. He wants to pass a law dying that for any new regulation to be put in place, *two* must be repealed - that's insane. His entire economic team consists of real estate buddies and hedge fund guys, except for a single crackpot Ph.D in economics. He would have the power to cut off all trade deals by himself on Day 1 with no restriction, immediately plunging us into a deep recession, and possibly setting off a trade war not seen since the Great Depression. By the way, aside from the Gold Standard, economists believe the number one reason for the 1929 Crash turning into a Depression was the erection of retaliatory tariffs. Trump basically has zero clue about economic policy, yet could plunge the world into another depression. Bottom line, Trump is not just "a buffoon" and the US isn't a country like Italy where only the people living there would be affected. The POTUS really is the most powerful job in the world, not because it's powerful by itself but because it is responsible for basically not killing everyone or destroying the global economy.
Many of the items you have listed sound pretty good to me. Want it Obama so said the executive actions were bad when Bush did it? We have had far too many regulations that are detrimental to business. Keep in mind regulations are not laws, they are not written by the legislative body. Really, you seem pretty lost about most of what you wrote. You are 100% fine to not like Trump, but don't just make up stuff. Most presidents appoint their own staff and revoke pay executive actions. The world will have a recession, and not because of Trump, but because of bad monetary policy done by globalists. They have allowed the rules rich access to unlimited money at 0% interest, in which they have leveraged business at the expense of the future, by passing that debt on to the consumer. The minute we need to start paying interest on the $9 trillion Obama had added to the debt we will be in a recession.
You sound biased. I'm not saying that everything you just stated is completely incorrect just that you have an obvious agenda
The SCOTUS and the liberal platform is basically the defining factor for me in this election. Republicans won't rest until Clinton gets impeached immediately. I'd rather not let complacency give Trump/Pence free reign to appeal to the religious fanatics ready to send our LGBT and women's progress back 30 years, even if Trump gets the boot for his complete lack of diplomatic abilities, constant lying and stiffing workers.
You just said it all..´´religious fanatics ready to send our LGBT and women's progress back 30 years. I lived through that and once was enough. We can not allow that again.
It really does suck that these are the choices we've been given. I'm voting Hillary, but I definitely understand the dilemma.
>Louisiana Why? There is no feasible chance LA won't go Republican
As much as it sucks, Hillary is the best candidate. The only other person I would even consider voting for is Jill Stein, who a) doesn't have a chance at winning and b) I don't think she would be as good a President as Hillary.
Yeah, solid chance to break up the two party system and vote 3rd party to get them funding next time around. Vote libertarian if you want to pull the center right and vote green if you want to pull the center left. Neither will probably win next time around, but they need the money to have a loud enough voice to pull dems and R's in either direction.
Choosing between two different turds, doesn't feel like a choice at all.
It's a dilemma for sure, but it's also a nobrainer choice
I feel like it's a dilemma they wanted you to have. Almost to say, "We're going to fuck you really hard without any lube; do you want to watch House of Cards or Duck Dynasty while we do it?"
It means that, while we often hear people saying the American people "deserve better" than this or that whenever politicians are perceived to be "bad" in one way or another, we don't *deserve* better. We've got the government and candidates we deserve in a country where only a fraction show up to vote in mid-term elections, hardly pay attention to current events, and barely know what's going on in their own country. Those things tend to be rather important when picking candidates. I was echoing the comments of the person to whom I replied: the candidates we get are a reflection of us, and we get exactly what we deserve.
All good points. In this election we have good choices still, in the primaries we had some really good choices on both sides. Rand Paul was a decent human for example, Bernie Sanders was a decent human being. Yet, the plurality of people who get out and actually vote picked someone of questionable morals and judgement, and a guy who has since the 1980's been a poster child for douchebagary. And because the majority of American's are minimally informed of their own governance. We do indeed get what those pricks deserve.
Bernie reflects that the US actually has a large group who are intelligent. Yes, your politics actually reflect your society. That's true for every country.
> Rand Paul … Bernie sanders That was my fantasy general election. Two candidates who are intelligent, informed, and serious about their positions. Two decent people who would each present their vision of our future and then ask us to decide which of the two we preferred. Rand Paul would never have had my vote, but I'd have enjoyed the exchanges between them, and I'd have appreciated him for being someone I can respect.
I'm right there with you on that being the fantasy election. Just once I'd like my difficulty in choosing who to vote for be for positive reasons instead of negative ones.
Many years ago, I had a story in my head where Ron Paul and Bernie Sanders ran on the same ticket. I think I imagined Paul/Sanders as the (R) and Sanders/Paul as the (D). That would be an interesting election. Not as interesting as this election, by far...
I know a debate on the real issues? Shit. Maybe even a real discussion on the crazy foreign wars we are in.
Rand Paul actually made a decent fillibuster, unlike Ted Fucking Cruz.
And you would have gotten genuine debate about actual policy, likely in a way that would publicly shame tea party libertarianism for being the simple ideology of "Fuck You, Got Mine" that it is Though I would have definitely enjoyed the inevitable fist bump when the subject of shit like mass warrantless surveillance came up
That debate would have been nice. I respect Rand Paul and Bernie Sanders, and I think a proper debate would have helped my side do a better job of articulating our positions. The same would have been true for the other side, and our country would have been better for it.
This. I am amazed that I find myself thinking how much better our situation would be if, say, Mitt Romney or Rand Paul was the GOP nominee. I do not agree with either of them on most issues but I would strongly consider voting R for the first time in my life to teach the Dems a lesson. Can't do that this time because of the mad man running against her, so she'll get away with it and politics overall will get even worse somehow.
I'm amazed by how many times I've thought, "Where is Dick Cheney? Can we swap out Trump for Cheney, please?" To be clear, I'd not vote for Cheney, but he is (to borrow a phrase from P.J. O' Rourke) wrong within normal parameters. I'll take that any day of the week.
>Now, there's one thing you might have noticed I don't complain about: politicians. Everybody complains about politicians. Everybody says they suck. Well, where do people think these politicians come from? They don't fall out of the sky. They don't pass through a membrane from another reality. They come from American parents and American families, American homes, American schools, American churches, American businesses and American universities, and they are elected by American citizens. This is the best we can do folks. This is what we have to offer. It's what our system produces: Garbage in, garbage out. If you have selfish, ignorant citizens, you're going to get selfish, ignorant leaders. Term limits ain't going to do any good; you're just going to end up with a brand new bunch of selfish, ignorant Americans. So, maybe, maybe, maybe, it's not the politicians who suck. Maybe something else sucks around here... like, the public. Yeah, the public sucks. There's a nice campaign slogan for somebody: 'The Public Sucks. F*ck Hope - George Carlin
[Full clip](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=07w9K2XR3f0)
It's like one of those giant rogue waves. A dozen flaws in society all coming together in one great cacophony that sinks the ship.
Good way to put it.
Oh, so NOW we're worried about people doing things that will unfairly effect the election. Kay.
When weren't we?
When DWS was caught red-handed helping to rig the primaries. And by "we" I mean the democratic party. Which isn't to imply I'm a member of it.
DWS trying to "rig" the primary for the candidate who was actually a member of her party. The horror!! Get over it. Bernie isn't riding in on a white horse to save us.
You're right, he's not....because DWS shot his damn horse.
Yes because political corruption is something we should obviously just brush away and "get over". I bet you don't have any concerns that Russia is quite probably knuckle-deep in our political process right now, either?
IIRC, there was an outrage. But just like this Comey thing, the cat is out of the bag and all we can do is bitch then move on. Comey fucked up, he should have waited until at least he had a warrent and read the emails before fueling the fire. You know, SOP shit
Not to mention that DWS was immediately hired by Clinton after she was fired. No corruption to see here, move along.
And was the head of Clinton's campaign in 08, only to become head of the DNC after Tim Kaine stepped down. I believe the correct term here is "revolving door".
As President Obama said, they need to "stop whining" that this election is unfair.
I agree with our president, anyone who thinks this is rigged should leave this great country.
Right? Hillary's campaign is corrupt in 50 directions.
The irony is so thick you could cut it with a knife.
That's why there is separation of DOJ. He doesn't need her permission.
He does need to follow department policy if he expects us not to think he's a partisan ass who tried to excoriate Clinton for not following rules
salty
Too big of a word for the Trump brand?
>if he expects us not to think he's a partisan ass And what should we thinking of Lynch? Meeting the husband of the person she might prosecute in the coming week? It's ridiculous that this is an argument. Implying Comey could have "waited" to investigate until after the election? lmao alright, blame Hillary, if she didn't have that server, she would have no investigation.
The meeting that resulted in lynch saying Comey would do what e wanted? You're making it up again
No, the meeting on the tarmac on a plane. It was a well documented incident lmao what are you talking about.
Seriously? It was filmed from a distance
I don't care where or how it was filmed. It happened.
And it was not in secret and did not effect the case
If you know what they said on the plane, enough to say its a fact it didn't affect the case, please tell us.
The fact that Comey made his recommendation without involving Lynch at all is that proof
> who tried to excoriate Clinton for not following rules Hang on... What? Rules within the government are there for a reason. You *should* be punished for not following them.
She didn't break FBI rules he did The FBI doesn't punish formed employees administratively so he tried to use the press
It isn't the FBI's business to punish anyone for non-legal issues. Using the media to mete out a punishment that they lack the legal authority to do is a dereliction of duty and a politicization of the rule of law.
I hate Trump and hope he loses: But, it wasn't against the law or department policy. Its a "long standing tradition" which means nothing.
Precisely. I absolutely want Trump to lose and I think he's been absolutely toxic. That said, Comey's action here is only about as unprecedented as any other fucking thing to have happened during this election cycle
Yes also its modern day Hillary committed an act that is only doable with modern technology. Comey made it clear I even watched the committee hearing(portion) where he said "Yes, Ill let the committee and the public know if new emails are made available ". If Hillary was 100% this wouldn't of been an issue but she attempted to play politics with the FBI. Even after she was aware he was under congressional oath not to lie.
I've always wondered how Carlos Danger was able to stay married to Huma after the Dick Pic Scandal #1. I had figured the Clintons would have had tried jettisoned him to protect themselves. I chalked it up to Huma and Anthony having a kid together and maybe they really even loved each other. When Carlos ran for NY Mayor, I was surprised that the Clintons allowed him to be in the public eye again. But I thought, maybe he has changed and this was his redemption. Then, of course, Dick Pic #2 happened. I could never figure out why he wasn't tossed out like garbage after that scandal. But now it all makes sense. I'm calling it now. Representative Danger had dirt on the Clintons. He has turned state's evidence to avoid a 5-10 year prison sentence for pedophilia. The "life insurance" email folder is real.
Jesus christ, this sub really has become quite the shit show. For weeks we have been learning countless things about HRC through the wikileaks emails which provide actual evidence for all the negative things that were said about her by Sanders. The media reacts with a disingenuous "yawn" and this sub downvotes every such thread to oblivion. Then these stories pop up and suddenly upvotes galore with tons of media coverage, even though nearly everything in this story is just mere speculation so far! Even the headline of this article is incredibly dumb. The very existence of this email scandal will influence the election regardless of what decision he makes. That includes when he chose not to indict her in July, and if he had chosen not to announce reopening the investigation, it doesn't matter. But wait, I guess it only matters here because the direction it may influence the election is not favorable to HRC and the establishment. Seriously, you should all listen to yourselves. HRC has and always will be your standard, corrupt politician who takes whatever position is politically convenient to coddle to certain voter demographics while acting with the intent to answer to her wealthy donors. That is what the wikileaks emails have revealed. It may not be technically illegal, but it is appalling that so many of you are trying to come up with excuses to accept it, especially because her opponent is a clown whom the media has propped up to be the second coming of satan. I guess the only reason anyone could consider this FBI investigation to be more pertinent is because they cannot use Russia as a scapegoat this time. The first step to solving any problem is acknowledging it. I really wish our electorate was more capable of doing that.
The most central comment ever so far on this sub. Spread your logic and reasoning to others on here.
Well said. This sub is cancer
Wow, /r/politics is so salty over this. Comey went from an unbiased arbitrator to a villian really quickly.
That's what happens when you stir shit up less than two weeks before the election, provide absolutely no context, and then peace out for the weekend like it doesn't even matter. Can anyone say this was handled well?
I'm not sure he was ever seen as unbiased. People on the right saw him as biased because he didn't call for charges to be filed, while people on the left were critical of his unusual decision to call a press conference blasting Clinton.
Correct, but OP was pointing out the hypocrisy. /r/politics is notoriously biased in favor of Hillary but refuse to admit it and think otherwise. This sub is such a delusional crock of shit.
I think that's really a matter of perspective.
lol this sub has become such trash with arguably the worst mods on Reddit. Glad others are becoming aware of it too
/r/politics is a relentless HRC circle jerk so what did you expect?
Except when it isn't. Pro Hillary stuff never comes up here. Stop trying to create this conspiracy.
> Pro Hillary stuff No such thing.
you've only been registered since march 2016
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Wow, that's a good one. Seriously, how deluded are you?
[deleted]
/r/politics and /r/the_donald are filled with nonsensical theatric bullshit that nobody *actually* believes the difference is that posters in /r/politics are paid to post or otherwise get all their news from facebook and instagram, where as posters in /r/the_donald are just uneducated stormfront and brietbart morons.
It's not a spontaneous circle jerk though a lot of posters are paid on this sub.
funny how you misspelled "mods" with a p there
That same AG who compromised herself with a "chance" meeting with Bill Clinton?
Fuck r/politics because everyone here ignores Hillary's corruption
Clinton supporters are as bad as people from /r/The_Donald. Shrill as fuck, and scarily detached from reality.
It's ridiculous, honestly.
They were just talking about grandkids and stuff for 40 minutes, that's all. Total coincidence. Nothing to see here.
/s
(c)
si!
So has Comey gone from being a corrupt fool to based God in the eyes of Trump and his crew?
IF there is an intent behind Comey reopening the email review, it could make sense in the big picture. First he lets Americans talk it up and discuss it. Gets it in our minds. Then he closes the case, leaving no real resolution. This lets the ones who would never put any import on the emails to move on. The ones who thought there was something there, they just stew and steam over it. Then, right before the election, you drag out the mails all over again. Except this time, their is no time for anyone to digest it. Its kind of like setting up a max pain event right before the election. Or the FBI could have been looking at Weiner's dick pics and found some emails are missing. I personally think that is exactly what happened. I do see how this could bring the emails to max effect in the way they were handled though... if there really isn't anything to the emails. Fuck it. I want popcorn and I am all out. I was voter caged this year so I can't even vote. So fuck it. Let it burn. Still eating popcorn.
You JUST said you're out of popcorn. Your story is full of holes!
No holes. This is exactly how you take a nothingburger and turn it into a three piece dinner. Not saying that is what is happening, but that is a possibility.
And he's made a similar transition for liberals as well. From supreme upholder or justice whose judgment cannot be questioned, to incompetent idiot who must step down because he violated protocol. Kind of ironic isn't it? Liberals are now mad at comey for violating protocol, when they were so eager to shrug proper protocil off when it benefitted Hillary. The double standards are amazing. Trump supporters may have backtracked, but they may end up being right. Hillary supporters are just blatant hypocrites and are eating their own young. Disgusting and transparently partisan.
I don't recall liberals holding up Comey as some paragon of virtue. Rather they pointed out that he is a Republican who went out of his way to breach standard etiquette by criticizing the hell out of someone when closing an investigation (it is generally frowned upon for law enforcement to add color commentary) so acting like he was clearly some corrupt stooge was ridiculous.
You don't? How about Clinton's own website? Ever go there before? It heaps praise on him and calls Republicans crazy conspiracy theorists for even suggesting that his judgment was wrong here. There are statements from journalists to a similar effect as well. https://www.hillaryclinton.com/briefing/updates/2016/07/07/gop-follows-conspiracy-theorist-in-chief-donald-trump-into-another-taxpayer-funded-sham-inquiry/ EDIT:HAHAHA HA DOWN VOTED IMMEDIATELY. Sorry your narrative didn't pan out
[removed]
Rush Limbaugh this week noted that Comey, a former George W. Bush administration official, is “a great man” that Americans “are very privileged” to have leading the federal agency. Here's what Gingrich had to say: "I don’t know whether your family’s watching this, but I hope that they are as proud of you as I am, because you are the epitome of what a public servant is all about. Sacrificing over and over and over again, trying to do the right thing, sometimes coming under ridicule, but again still doing the right thing. So I hope they are proud of you. The second thing I hope is that no matter what has happened in this hearing, I hope that you know that your reputation is still intact." Oh wait, just kidding those quotes are from Nancy Pelosi and Elijah Cummings. HAHAHAHAHAHA. Want to take them to task for disagreeing with this new narrative of yours? Downvoted because not equipped to have this discussion with me.
That link is to an article written to specifically point out how well respected and established Comey is by and with *Republicans*. There is literally one comment about him not related to his Republican bona fides and that is that he is "rarely questioned". Yes it is true that Comey has a good reputation and that both Democrats and Republicans have respected him, but it also very clear that he conservative and Republican and his appointment by Obama was made to be intentionally bipartisan. *These* facts are why the Republican histrionics where so ridiculous. The fact that Comey went out of his way to criticize Clinton in announcing no charges was highly irregular and a lot of eyebrows were raised when he did so. If anyone had a legitimate complaint at the state of affairs at that point it was Democrats, not Republicans. That he is now *again* breaching etiquette in two more ways, by A) commenting on an ongoing investigation which is B) relevant to an imminent election is highly irregular. Yet you *still* don't see but a scant few Democrats or liberal commentators decrying him as a hack. Instead you see them pointing out that this is irregular and asking him to provide more information to clarify the issue for voters. Hell, some Republicans, like John Cornyn are baffled as well. That's quite a bit different than what a great many Republicans and basically the Trump supporters have been saying.
Hillary broke laws. Comey broke protocol. This selective outrage for the lesser misdeeds is appalling. Here are more quotes from pretty big name dems that dont fit your narrative: Nancy Pelosi >As FBI Director James Comey was testifying before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Pelosi at her weekly news conference Thursday praised Comey, a former George W. Bush administration official, as “a great man” that Americans “are very privileged” to have leading the federal agency. http://www.politico.com/blogs/james-comey-testimony/2016/07/pelosi-comey-congress-investigation-225233 Elijah Cummings >I don’t know whether your family’s watching this, but I hope that they are as proud of you as I am, because you are the epitome of what a public servant is all about. Sacrificing over and over and over again, trying to do the right thing, sometimes coming under ridicule, but again still doing the right thing. So I hope they are proud of you. The second thing I hope is that no matter what has happened in this hearing, I hope that you know that your reputation is still intact. Enjoy twisting their words. I look forward to see how you dismiss this. Or you could just not respond and stop embarrassing yourself. You're wrong. You lose. Later.
That's an interesting response to nothing I brought up. If Hillary broke the law then Comey would have pressed charges. I think that is clear. He didn't. That should inform your impression of this issue. But it doesn't. That is certainly informative.
>That's an interesting response to nothing I brought up. Come on now bruv. Be honest. Your post literally has the words >breaching etiquette I changed etiquette to protocol. You brought it up. Comey's essential reopening of the case means theres more evidence. Reserve your judgement until after that evidence is reviewed. Also supplemented my post with more quotes from Dems. Enjoy. Edify yourself. Maybe study up on your own before you believe the narrative. You lose.
> Come on now bruv. Be honest. Huh? My point was that I was responding to your complaint that liberals had been showering praise upon Comey until the tables had turned and now he was Capt. Corruption. I explained how that wasn't the case and then you responded by saying that Hillary broke laws so why are people criticizing Comey. That's completely changing the topic. > Reserve your judgement until after that evidence is reviewed. I haven't made any judgement either way about what Comey has done. I simply pointed out your argument of liberal hypocrisy is poppy cock. > You lose. Why am I wasting my time? Sheesh.
You're wasting both of our time. I've provided more quotes that prove your point wrong and you've ignored them. And I didn't change the point I was just pointing out the hypocrisy of whining about a breach of protocol when the entire case is based on Hillary breaking protocol in a far worse way. You lose. Again. You're bad at this
This. I was furious at Comey for his bullshit monologue where he editorialized about Hillary Clinton. He just couldn't do his fucking job and leave it alone. He had to bring his partisan spin into it. And people had the nerve to say, well, if both sides are upset, that must mean he is doing something right. Bullshit. That is the most intellectually lazy and pathetic argument of them all.
irony
[deleted]
Huh? Liberals were furious with Comey for his comments. He revealed himself to be a partisan who was incapable of doing his job without wading into politics. His incredibly irresponsible and probably illegal letter last week is just more of the same from him.
That's not true. Most Clinton supporters said he broke policy and shouldn't have used his opinion of careless anywhere where all we called for was facts. They didn't complain heavily because the Right was too busy implying Clinton murdered Comey's chlidren
[removed]
I use throwaway accounts in this subreddit. In a couple days I'll be on to a new one once this log in timesout. If Trump supporters would stop sending rape threats to my primary I would use that
Wow. I figured somethin up by your username. I never EVER read anything in my inbox. Just not going there. No matter where I post or what I post. Well here lately I just realized. After election I'll read it if I post something in r/cats.
Nah we weren't. I thought his little press conference was absolutely outragious, and partisan as fuck.
He wasn't wrong though. She was very careless. Hope these new revelations finally bring about some fucking justice.
Doesn't matter whether he was right or wrong. FBI Director is not a partisan position; he acted in a partisan manner.
I honestly don't know how you can spin it that way... if he'd waited and the emails were game over for hrc, we'd all be upset. There just wasn't a way to do this that didn't involve hillary and her white house aspirations. Waiting would have seemed to favor hrc, and not waiting is potentially damaging to her, but makes it clear that the investigation it the fbi's priority, not the current political situation. Lots of Dems are upset, but none of this drama should be a surprise. if you thought the email investigation wasn't going to cause continuing legal and political issues. you were dreaming. I applaud the optimism, but there were just too many variables for it to be wrapped up, neat and clean. All we can do now is wait. I'm sure Comey knows what is at stake here. I don't believe he's corrupt to the point that he'd maliciously sabotage a presidential election. That's just crazy talk.
Well hopefully he'll fix his mistakes
The damage is done. Yes, he can and should resign, and should be investigated for violations of the Hatch Act and possibly thrown in prison, but you can't unring the bell he rung on Friday.
Lol I was talking about fixing his mistake by actually recommending indictment.
Criticism of Hillary isn't necessarily partisan. If Comey was a partisan hack, he could have recommended charges and destroyed her campaign.
What new revelations? You don't even know, because there are none
New evidence may bring about new revelations.
>because there are none How do you know?
There were many scathing articles about it. It's like these people have the memories of goldfish
It's because they despised Comey and called him a corrupt shill for months after he failed to recommend charges. They automatically assume that liberals believe the exact opposite of everything they do, so clearly we loved Comey instead of just, you know, tolerating him. And now that Comey is their BFF again, we must hate his guts.
No. His press conference was ridiculous and also broke with protocol.
Lynch is the root cause here as that meeting with Bill has tainted her, and she is out of the loop for the investigation. As Comey has already experienced a breaking of practices by his superiors, he had no choice but to take the action to inform Congress.
This is a joke right? There is no policy that dictates Lynch can't have a meeting with the man who appointed her to the lower courts decades ago. Lynch also basically gave Comey free reign, they said they'd accept whatever he recommended
in regards to Lynch, we are on the same page. Lynch is out of the loop, and Comey is doing what he sees as his duty as FBI Head, and well, being the acting Attorney General in this case as Lynch is out.
If he thinks this is his duty as FBI head, he shouldn't be the FBI head. He is acting unacceptably. The idea that he may be taking it upon himself to assume the role of AG makes things worse for him, not better.
Comey has no superior to go to at this time. hence, he is basically the acting AG, and we all have heard the WH state over and over again, that they do not get involved in active investigations. who is Comey's boss now ? Obama, and we all know that Obama will not meet or discuss this with Comey as that would violate protocol. Comey is doing the right thing here, there is no other path. Lynch is out of the loop...here comes the special prosecutor....
I mean the reverse is true also. For months it was..."Comey stated Hillary did nothing wrong." Now..."This is clearly political! You do realize...Comey is a republican!"
This *is* political because he went against policy and procedure to release this letter. Before, he was just doing his job.
No, the NYC police are the based ones cause now that they've seen the emails the FBI can't cover it up anymore
pot meet kettle lmao
I just want to know when Comey is going to excoriate himself over breaking department policy. That's what he thought Clinton deserved for breaking a department policy
Considering Lynch already said the DOJ will defer to Comey on the Clinton email investigation, following her sit down with Bill Clinton in a private airplane. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=fd0nWrRZFVs How exactly has Comey broke department policy?
Read all the articles about how he wasn't supposed to leak the little vague info
I'm seeing a LOT of shooting the messenger these days from HRC peeps.
The messenger who says "look there is this envelope, I don't know what's in it but it's clearly relevant to Clinton!" Yeah...
I'd think you'd give Comey a little more benefit of the doubt than that. Obviously they found something relevant, how relevant we don't know, but it's not like he sent that letter knowing NOTHING about what the FBI agents in New York discovered in Huma Abedin's private email account.
Actually he doesn't know what they found, they literally can't even look yet
His agents obviously saw something, otherwise they wouldn't have know the emails were there. He couldn't have written that letter without somebody at least seeing something. Has there been an in-depth investigation? No. Did the agents on the Weiner case see something worth bringing to his attention? Absolutely.
His agents are literally not allowed to look, his memo was notifying congress that they would be looking. Read his 2nd memo and stop posting dumb stuff
Chaffitz leaked it not Comey.
COMEY FREAKING SENT IT TO CHAFFITZ. What do you THINK was going to happen? This was intentional and intentionally vague in order to cast a shadow right before the election.
If Comey gave it to Chaffetz before giving it to the Congressional Democrats then he is playing politics and has violated the Hatch Act.
Chaffetz is the chairman of the Oversight and Government Reform committee. Chairmen/chair women usually get the info first. It's not Comey's fault that Chaffetz is a giant douche canoe.
And Comey said in his internal memo that he knew being vague would have consequences and that he knew it would get out
He was doing what he was obligated to do. He was damned if did and damned if he didn't.
"He was doing what he was obligated to do." You mean what the GOP pressured him to do as a desperation move.
Do you have proof of that assertion? I've seen it thrown around here on Reddit but have yet to see any evidence of that.
I have as much proof of that as the GOP has of Hillary somehow hiding the worlds dirty secrets on a laptop that nobody has looked at.
He wasn't obligated to do anything. It is highly unusual for the FBI to ever comment publicly about any investigation.
Chaffitz leaked it. Comey didn't comment publicly.
He said in his letter to FBI staff that he knew it would become public. Note he only sent it to Republicans. He probably intended for the letter to be leaked rather than releasing it directly to the public.
No. He was not obligated to update them in the manner he did. In fact it was against the DOJ rules for him to do so
But did he intent to do so?
His second memo says yes
The FBI isn't part of the DOJ. It's been unnamed sources inside the DOJ that are claiming they advised him not to. No one can say for certain that Lynch ever talked to Comey. Also, Loretta already politicized the DOJ in this mess by having a private meeting with Bill Clinton back in July. If you read what Comey wrote he says he was obligated to inform congress about it. Blame chaffitz, blame Huma, and blame the American populace for giving us two very bad candidates. We could've done better but we chose not to. Edit: My apologies, I thought that the FBI had came under the umbrella of the Director of National Intelligence after 9/11. The rest of my comment stands, though.
Jesus Christ just look at the org chart. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Department_of_Justice
Yea the FBI is most certainly part of the department of justice. Like holy fuck. Is society just stupid now?
Lynch was "not supposed to" take a meeting with Bill. So, given the Comey's boss broke a cardinal rule, what is Comey to do ?
Be a better person?
There are no rules about a former president speaking to someone in the government. The complaints about that were the optics, not any rules.
Lynch removed herself from the HRC investigation via the meeting with Bill, and Lynch is not now suddenly back in the loop. Lynch is out of the loop, stating that she would do what Comey said, and that status continues to this moment. Lynch is out of the loop
She was not part of the investigation. It's like you don't know how it works at all, she would have had the ability to say, no Comey we will not follow your advice and will not be charging her. She wasn't in the loop or meddling, she can't from her role. The only way to do so is to not follow the FBI which she said she would do any way.
So one of the most powerful men in the world secretly met with the Attorney General days before the AG was supposed to be involved with prosecuting his wife. But hey all. It's cool. Just tea and crumpets.
You mean the AG that he appointed to office during his tenure as president? They know each other, it's not like he randomly talked to a stranger.
It wasn't a secret, their jets were on the same tarmac. Are you suggesting that Clinton did anything dirty by having Lynch remove herself? It wasn't against the rules or against any law Also lynch had no involvement, she said she would take Comey's advice
How tf is bill clinton the most powerful man in the world. He runs a fucking charity foundation.
Not the, but one of. He is a former President of the United States with a massive amount of intelligence on the political scene in DC and the friends to take advantage of it. Knowledge is power, and he is part of the DC elite. I wasn't even really worried about the Clinton Foundation money. That is just an effect of his power. There would be no money otherwise.
That doesn't take away from the fact that Bill met with the AG in an unscheduled meeting the day before there was a FBI ruling about Hillary
It's department policy to not release details of an investigation that could impact the election less than 60 days before the election date. If he found something? Sure. But while it is still an investigation it shouldn't be used to alter the result.
What fucking presidence for that policy
Well, there's this... https://www.justice.gov/sites/default/files/oip/legacy/2014/07/23/ag-memo-election-year-sensitivities.pdf
the American people deserve to know...Lynch should be fired immediately for the meeting with Bill. Blame here all points to Lynch, not Comey.
Deserve to know what? No one knows what is in them and signs show it may be duplicates of what they already have.
content, that is what we deserve to know, and even consider, how did these emails end up on the device(s).
[The FBI apparently has long-standing policies that basically amount to "don't fuck around with elections".](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/justice-officials-warned-fbi-that-comeys-decision-to-update-congress-was-not-consistent-with-department-policy/2016/10/29/cb179254-9de7-11e6-b3c9-f662adaa0048_story.html) There's also the potential (and "potential" is the most important word there) violation of the Hatch Act.
By 'fuck around with elections' do you mean 'tell the truth'? If Hillary didnt want the FBI reopening her investigation this close to election day Hillary shouldn't of had a rogue server to begin with. This is the natural fallout of breaking the law and trying to cover it up. Sorry.
> By 'fuck around with elections' do you mean 'tell the truth'? Nope, I mean "fuck around with elections". As I said, I'd be as disappointed with Comey if this whole thing was a story about Trump maybe kinda sorta possibly or not having some new fraud charge or something we'll inform you more later I guess. Now is not the time for this vague BS. It's not even really the time for oppo-research, but thanks to this I bet we're going to be getting some of *that* crap now, too.
the americans have a right to know before they ELECT HER PRESIDENT that they found new evidence in her case.
Consider the fact that a large number of the american people seem to have very little problem with the concept of electing a guy who is actually going on trial, *twice*, following the election date.
and if any new information came up in those cases the American people should know aswell. Sorry media coverage can hurt your candidate too, deal with it like we do.
Dude, it's not the media coverage, it's the destruction of investigative procedure and prosecutorial cleanliness in order to achieve a political end. Are you *really* cool with the idea of the head of the FBI violating federal law, just as long as it serves your preferred political ends? I mean, is this your personal version of fighting election fraud by committing election fraud?
No, they actually don't. Seriously, take it up with the congress of 1939, because they're the ones that passed the Hatch Act. There's a reason the process for impeaching a president is set down in the Constitution. That's beside the fact that this wasn't "We've found new evidence". It was "We're looking at some emails, that didn't come from her, weren't sent to her, and don't apparently contain any information we haven't seen before, but I felt the need to really, really, really tell you about it right this instant, just in case."
Normally they wouldn't, but I can't think of a US Presidential candidate going into an election with open FBI investigations into them. If the person is under investigation, how is the FBI supposed to stay out of the election?
> but I can't think of a US Presidential candidate going into an election with open FBI investigations into them. Generally, open FBI investigations aren't necessarily public knowledge, but Nixon was investigated quite heavily during his 1952 VP run, and the indictments against the Watergate burglars were kept under-wraps until after the 1972 election(though they weren't expanded to the white house proper until 1973). And frankly, I'd be shocked if J. Edgar Hoover didn't have investigations opened on basically everybody he disliked while he was in-charge.
>If the person is under investigation, how is the FBI supposed to stay out of the election? By utilizing the exact same propriety they utilize when deciding whether or not to discuss elements of an investigation in the middle of jury-pool selection? By utilizing the exact same investigative sensibility as deciding whether or not to disclose things like person-of-interest status about potential flight-risks? By utilizing the exact same operational sensibility as is used when discussing possible evidentiary sources within the context of a domicile that isn't secured? I mean, the FBI uses its policy and straight-up set of highly-trained brains to not screw around with things outside of the scope of their investigations, or to mitigate as much as possible the deleterious effects on their own investigations, all the time. Consider that, if the emails turn out to be a smoking gun, there's no possible way of indicting Clinton for anything prior to the election. So where was the sensible value in writing the letter at this time? If it's to help prevent the public from possibly electing someone who's going to be indicted for treason, *then that's political activity* and is a clear violation of federal law going back to 1939. And what actually pisses me off the most about this, honestly, is not that it's screwing with the election. It is that it is doing nothing substantive beyond further destroying the potential for any case that arises out of it to actually be prosecuted in a real or logical manner. There's no empaneling a jury that isn't already hopelessly compromised, without making the process take so long that potential jurors weren't *born* during this election cycle.
> There's also the potential (and "potential" is the most important word there) violation of the Hatch Act. Maybe I'm wrong but he did not make a public disclosure but informed Congress who then leaked it to the media. That would insulate him from a violation.
There is also the possibility that he shared it with Chaffetz, who tweeted it before the Democrats even received it. Tell me that isn't playing politics.
Possibly, possibly not. It's not the public disclosure that would ultimately matter, it's taking the action(to wit: writing a letter that *could* get leaked, even though he didn't leak it) with a political motivation. Consider that even if these emails turn out to be a smoking gun that gets Clinton tons of jail time, there is literally no way to secure an indictment or schedule a trial before the election. So the *only* substantive effect this action can have is to alter the election, which is a clear violation of the law. Considering that it would have been fairly easy for him to slap a "confidential information" stamp on any information he passed on to the judiciary committee, thus making releasing it a federal crime in and of itself, and further serving as a politics-neutral jab at Clinton besides, the fact that he didn't speaks *volumes*.
His 2nd memo suggests he knew it would be leaked
But is there *intent*?
It's tough to prove intent. He could argue that it was simply negligence.
Gods, that would be *glorious*. "Well, she was negligent, and he was negligent, so what's the difference?" "Uh, her negligence didn't happen eleven days before a Presidential election, but, y'know, whatevs."
I agree wholeheartedly. Her transgressions simply put national security in jeopardy. Plus, who wants transparency in government? Comey is clearly the monster in this situation.
"Clinton: Did a bad job of email security, fixed the issue, moved on." "The GOP: Attempted to derail a presidential election, couldn't even pull *that* off." Like I said, my gods, *Glorious*.
I mean, this is my dream, in a nutshell. Put everything she did in context of national security and transparency, yes, indeed, perfect. Just *hand* the other side the ability to say, "Yes, she screwed up, and apologized for it, and corrected the error." And meanwhile, let them point out shit like Chaffetz being able to tweet the letter out publicly before the ranking Dem member of the committee had a chance to even *see* it. It's like handball with someone with no arms. It's handicapping your own side in the narrative war, and it is *fascinating* to watch. They'll just play the tape of Comey saying "she had no intention" over and over while superimposing the timing of this hyper-vague letter, and it will form the core of a whole slew of ticket-wide campaign ads for the next four years.
Show me the Constitutional crisis that occurred because of her actions, and your sarcasm will have weight. The fact that the same guy who is now playing fast and loose with federal law is the one who stated outright that no law had been violated by her actions is filling me with such schadenfreude I can barely contain myself.
he should give a presser whee he calls himself out for 10 minutes
I want to see him explain how he can't say for sure whether or not he'd hire himself
Until it turns out that the emails are harmless, then he goes back to being trash once again.
The issue is not at all about whether the emails were "harmless" or not.
If they were harmless, why has she lied about them on multiple occasions? Why did she lie under oath about them if they were harmless?
If it is nothing his career is done and Democrats will go after his pension in any way they can. They will likely make sure he does not get any meaningful job afterward too. I doubt that he doesn't know what was found as he took a huge personal risk.
Nope, the FBI director will always find consulting work for big bucks, even disgraced ones.
> Nope, the FBI director will always find consulting work for big bucks, even disgraced ones. Not if it comes with baggage with the current administration.
Wonder why Clinton lied so many times and destroyed them after subpoena if they are harmless.
It's impossible to say these emails were harmless at this point. They've done harm to Hillary this entire weekend. Hillary Clinton is under criminal investigation by the FBI is now in the electorate's mind. Whether or not it's true.
Her foundation is under FBI investigation to, she has two FBI investigation going on lol..
Self inflicted by Clintons shit decisions when she was secretary. Don't shoot the messenger
She made one decision, same as others have made. So she deserves to be under investigation until she dies?
Yep down play a bunch of classified emails ending up on the laptop of some dude sending dick pics to 15 year olds no big deal right?
How are they classified? We don't know anything about it at all.
your right, we don't know yet. If they are classified ?
The question now isn't even what's in the emails, but why someone who isn't the Secretary of State has the Secretary of State's emails and information on their laptop.
That's not the question. Huma (who had top secret clearance) told the FBI she would print HRCs emails for her. They could've subpoenaed this laptop months ago
Even if there is nothing to them....Amazon orders, netflix and cat pictures, the damage is done by innuendo and implication. And yet, the Republican Ohio Attorney General, John Husted has "lost" almost 1 million absentee ballots which were mis-mailed and now has to re-mail them in time for the election...And the majority of them were in Democratically strong areas. Where is this in the news? Nowhere...even though it is a scandal of far greater import.
John Husted isn't running for the highest office in the country. Doesn't make it right, but there is a difference between the two.
Husted has a direct effect on all elections in his role. If he is mismanaging his office he should be called to account.
> And yet, the Republican Ohio Attorney General, John Husted has "lost" almost 1 million absentee ballots which were mis-mailed and now has to re-mail them in time for the election...And the majority of them were in Democratically strong areas. dude get fact checked, the election is not rigged. go blow your drumfet somewhere else
Could I get a source for this?
Here you go. Warning, lots of pop-overs on the newspaper website. http://www.dispatch.com/content/stories/local/2016/10/02/1-a-million-ohio-voters-didnt-get-absentee-ballot-mailing.html
Look at what happened in Flordia, must win Clinton areas accidentally got sent ballots without the prop to vote on weed, now those got resent... Another round of ballots. This whole thing is rigged and people saying Trump is delusional for saying it. Two democrats caught committing in person voting fraud. Dead being signed up to vote and vote democrat. There is something wrong here.
And we have the same thing on the GOP side. Woman was arrested yesterday for voting twice for Trump. Her justification was "it's rigged". Ohio Secretary of State, Republican John Husted "lost" 1 million absentee ballots. Most of them in Democratically strong areas... http://www.dispatch.com/content/stories/local/2016/10/02/1-a-million-ohio-voters-didnt-get-absentee-ballot-mailing.html GOP is just as dirty and corrupt as the people they accuse.
Lul but Bernie Sanders disagrees with you
dispatch.com Obvious trump rag, has to be, who else would claim the election is rigged.
Thanks for the link, but this seems to be primarily about paring down the list of who gets mailed ballots, not losing them. There is some talk of lost ballots at end, but no sign of a number, much less something on the order of 1,000,000.
It does't fit their "the world is out to get me, I'm a victim" narrative
Lollllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll. You do know that SJWs aka the kings/queens/xors of being victimized are 99.9999999999999999% liberal/democrat don't you?
It's just a different flavor of victimization on the right. The left sees themselves as victims of things like the conflicting morality of conservatives and societal expectations/prejudices. The right sees themselves as victims of rampant immigration, the rapid liberalization of western society, and governmental corruption. Both are playing the "my life would be better if it weren't for these things outside of my control" card, and both have some elements of truth to them. Picking a side is silly.
I think the distinction is the right sees everybody in the society as victims of rampant (illegal) immigration, etc. while the left believes they are all individually victimized
It's fucking infurious... this whole trump hillary coverage isn't even the real issue here... we have upwards of 10 million disenfranchised voters (95 percent democrats by republican governoring state bodies) and no one says anything. This is the biggest deal since civil rights. Voting should be sacred.
Get an ID turd. Easy peasy.
> It's fucking infurious... this whole trump hillary coverage isn't even the real issue here... we have upwards of 10 million disenfranchised voters (95 percent democrats by republican governoring state bodies) and no one says anything. Because the election is NOT RIGGED, don't you watch CNN?
And vice versa with democrats. He was praised in July and now.. not so much.
I've seen NO love for Mr. Comey between July and now from Democrats. The best I've seen is remarks like "Thank you Mr. Comey for bringing this case to a close" and that he had to have acted unbiased because he's a republican who hates the Clintons and still couldn't find enough to indict. That's not calling him a flawless, unbiased human being, it's saying that he actually did his job the way he was supposed to.
Facts do not matter to these people.
Not true. Liberals went after his breach in July but when the GOP started calling for his head they backed off Their were numerous articles about it, you can't just deny facts. You are not Mike Pence
Eveey democrat member if congress literally praised his integrity during his testimony to congress in July. Don't even act like they didn't.
[removed]
A 4 hour account saying "that's not true". Rich.
It's a throwaway and it doesn't suddenly stop all of those articles written about how unusual and partisan his comments were in July suddenly never happened. Oh and for those wondering, look at his account. It's clearly an alt for one of the others here
No point in arguing with a 4 hour old account. There's videos of Pelosi and Kain praising Comey. The Kain video is from 2 weeks ago. Go watch a reply of Meet the Press from this morning. Bye
There are clips of them praising him for following the law. There are also articles from Wapo, NYtimes and other places saying how horrific it was that he violated policy. In fact many of the questions he got from liberals were about whether or not it was his own opinion that he was trying to pass off as official statements. You may be able to lie about it in the diptard but not here. Also I use throwaways - it Trumpers would stop threatening to rape Clinton supporters I would use my primary
Washington Post July: Republicans attack Mr. Comey for doing his job Washington Post October: James Comey is damaging our democracy Funny how his competency entirely depends on which candidate it favors.
No actually in July wapo wrote about how Comey shouldn't have put his opinion into the briefing Then the GOP said his opinion should override the law and wapo said that was wrong
I don't support Trump or Pence. But thanks for making assumptions about someone you know nothing about simply because they disagree with your candidate. Democrats definitely praised Comey on his integrity during his testimony. Just go back and watch it again. It's a fact.
Democrats praised him for following the law and not indicting while also disparaging his decision to share his opinion. It's like you think no one else saw the fucking hearings but you so no one will notice if you lie about them
As a Bernie supporter, I still don't trust Comey but maybe it wasn't his fault that so many immunity deals were handed out by the DoJ and Loretta Lynch. However, I do trust Preet Bharara who is seems to be behind ALL of this.
Secretly meeting with the former-President husband of the candidate your people are investigating sure sounds like "action that could influence the election".
Not so secretly since everyone in the world knows about it..
Just because you got caught doesn't mean you didn't try to keep it secret.
Poltifact also rated Comey as going against FBI protocol but the only thing they cite that is actually written at the FBI actually says the opposite. "Simply put, politics must play no role in the decisions of federal investigators or prosecutors regarding any investigations or criminal charges. Law enforcement officers and prosecutors may never select the timing of investigative steps or criminal charges for the purpose of affecting any election, or for the purpose of giving an advantage or disadvantage to any candidate or political party. Such a purpose is inconsistent with the Department's mission and with the Principles of Federal Prosecution." Note.... "prosecuters may never select the timing".... that means since he was investigating emails and new emails popped up... he HAS TO REOPEN THE INVESTIGATION AND NOT HOLD OFF TILL AFTER THE ELECTION LIKE IT WAS IMPLIED. Not doing so would be selecting the timing! I believe what is actually written at the FBI says exactly the opposite of what the media is saying.
I love seeing this subreddit flip from celebrating and praising him for recommending no charges for Hillary to attacking him for reopening the investigation.
The Attorney General and FBI should not factor politics into their decision making.
If I'm the FBI director I do my job without regard to the election. My timeline isn't influenced by the election. My press releases aren't influenced by the election. Everything I do is done the same as if this was just any other citizen. It's not my fault there is also an election. Clinton's campaign is as relevant to my investigation and procedures as Chelsea's wedding.
The worrying thing is that it looks like the letter to Congress WAS influenced by the election. Absent the pending vote there is no discernable reason for him to have sent that letter at all.
He said he felt obligated to update sworn testimony he gave, once he knew that the information was out of date. That's a pretty sensible reason if you ask me.
Wow, he ignored the advice of Bill Clinton's bestie, unacceptable
He ignored his boss (lynch), and went against policy. What happens if you don't do what your boss says, and violate company policy?
You get to be President?
That's only if it's a lawful order. You do not follow unlawful orders. You can argue that it was an unlawful order he was told to follow.
Well Lynch really is not his boss - in a position of power that puts him somewhere beneath her. But Lynch does not have complete executive power over the FBI. Furthermore, as you grow in your career, it does at times become necessary to challenge a (weak) individual who resides in a position above you. Its called getting ahead. I for one have no idea what Comey's play is here but I can almost guarantee it has something to do with a climb up the ladder
When you come at the king, better not miss.
>What happens if you don't do what your boss says, and violate company policy? You run for president apparently.
His boss, excused herself from the case and defers to him...
You go down as a whistleblower? Taking no action influences the race by helping Hillary. There is no way for him to be neutral - so he might as well be ethical.
^ this. A million times, this. Thank you!
neutral would be following policy of the office
Comey took action before knowing anything. The fbi doesn't even know what's in the emails, or if they are even related to Clinton. The emails could very well be duplicates.
duplicates of the emails that have not been turned over or duplicates of the ones that were turned over - that matters a lot
So the democrats line of thinking is that the director of the FBI found an email inbox and shielded their eyes and immediately sent a letter to congress? Or could it be that whoever was investigating Weiner was looking for evidence, found some backed up emails, scanned through the emails seeing if they pertained to the investigation seeing subject lines, to and from headers, maybe reading a couple before they came to the determination their warrant didnt cover this file and then recommended to Comey that these emails are pertinent to the Hillary investigation? Thus Comey needs a new warrant to actually investigate these emails AND he knows they are pertinent to his investigation.
There would be no need to speculate of Comey's commitment to transparency actually involved telling us what's going on.
If Lynch was his boss, her advice would be called an order.
Fib is part of the department of justice. The head of the department of justice is the attorney general. Loretta lynch is the attorney general.
Something being hierarchically higher doesn't mean the head of the FBI is subordinated to it.
yeah but they are independent agencies that exist in a loose hierarchy. Lynch has a lot of power over the FBI but its not like she has the power to just go in there and run the show, it just does not work like that.
An "independent agency" is a thing, and neither the FBI nor DoJ are one. Edit: Downvote away. There's nothing loose about the hierarchy either
A lack of action influences the election, too, if it appears a crime was committed.
They haven't seen the emails yet. They don't even have a warrant for them yet. The only prudent thing to do is not say anything. This could be more risotto recipes for all they know. Comey really misplayed this. This isn't protocol. Not even close.
You seem nervous.
> They haven't seen the emails yet. [citation needed] The FBI has seen them, they just haven't been released to the public. They didn't launch this because Hillary sent emails to a friend. The Hillary supporters will go through any level of contortion to defend their corrupt candidate. It must be hard to support someone so dishonest, thinking about what it does to your soul.
Very interesting that you claim the FBI has seen these emails, even though they ***still*** do not have a warrant. http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/303463-fbi-doesnt-have-warrant-to-review-new-emails-reports
They don't have to have a warrant to look at them for the Weiner case. They have to have the warrant to investigate them in relation to Hillary's case. They've already seen at least some of the emails, or else they wouldn't have even considered them pertinent.
>At the same time, however, given that we don’t know the significance of this newly discovered collection of emails, I don’t want to create a misleading impression. - Comey's second letter. He literally says they don't know what's in them.
Except he "literally" doesn't say that, even in your quote. He said they don't know the significance, meaning they haven't read everything in them. But they're obviously aware of some of the content or they wouldn't be adding it to the investigation.
Talk to me if he actually says they have anything tomorrow besides more vague bullshit.
Ever hear of bureaucracy?
I dont understand what Comey is wanting to happen. It seems like no matter what happens he wants the winner to replace him as director. He made republicans mad finding nothing to indict clinton on. Now he does this in defiance of the Justice department. I feel like no matter hes moving towards having to resign come January.
why the fuck does our government allow sensitive information to leave its network or devices? Can we address that issue pls?
They have policies in place where high level people are able to communicate between each other. The SOS is allowed to communicate with their aides outside of any security protocol.
If it's anything like a few places I've worked (in IT), they probably have policies in place for stuff like that, but there's always an "exemption" for senior mgmt and officials. Places I worked, it was the middle mgmt and lower guys who'd get their asses in a sling for violating policies like that.
A policy is not a control, they 100% could police this by limiting who can send mail outside of their perimeter or with DLP software.
'take action that could influence election' Isn't doing ANY investigation on Clinton during this election cycle "influencing the election"? How is it possible NOT to do this?
Just amazing that there are democrats still trying to defend clinton. Dump her and get Sanders back. Definitely not voting clinton over Trump.
Because if they waited then there would be outrage that they sat on it and by extension influenced the election. He took the best route
You mean Loretta Lynch, the AG who is in bed with the Clintons and a major player in their collusion to realize Hillary's coronation? Good on Comey for ignoring her! Why does this not lead to her indictment now?
How much does it suck for you to know that even with all of Hillary's scandals the people will still likely overwhelmingly vote for her over Trump? Because that's how bad he is.
The best thing is that these cries are fewer and farther between now.
"Hey, could you pump the brakes on your totally justified investigation so we can get this person into office first? Please also ignore the fact that afterward, she will ruin your life with her insane amount of presidential power."
Democrats could have all but officially won the election by now had they chosen Sanders. Instead, they are all in on a corrupt, careless candidate in Hillary.
I voted for Bernie. Now will vote Trump. The corruption is too much.
So much for those progressive values huh?
The "fuck the system" crowd never cared about any policies.
or they just prioritize corruption over Trump's negatives.
Trump is very corrupt.
So when Trump does something bad he's smart for using the corrupt system, but when Hillary does it she's corrupt and stupid. In my eyes they're two sides of the same coin.
Are you referring to using the tax code in his favor? Literally everyone in America does that. Hillary/DWS/DNC's collusion actually undermine democracy imo. I think that's a bigger threat to this country and why I refuse to support them any longer.
I don't think everyone in America hires a tax guy to find loopholes for their failed Realestate ventures. I don't think everyone in America even tries to find loopholes. Probably out of fear of being caught. Most people don't have that kind of privilege.
you don't have to fear taking deductions that are perfectly legal
I would imagine that most people won't take that chance unless a professional tells them to.
rhott goes out to dinner: "What's that? You don't serve your ice cream with sprinkles? I'll pass. Instead can you bring me the dead squirrel that's under your dumpster?"
Which is what you're doing. If you truly believed in Bernies message, you wouldn't vote for Trump.
Lol, I'm voting for Trump? What universe is this?
Sorry. Totally read your comment wrong.
That's cause you're a reactionary twat, lol. Love watching the panic seep in.
Not only this election but I would've been a "captured republican" for the rest of my life probably. They had me and all my republican friends but one converted. We're all back to Trump now. MAGA. The DNC missed out on controlling the entire system for the next 10-20 years easy.
This is... not true. Bernie hasn't faced nearly the same level of scrutiny as Clinton or Trump.
Bernie wasn't taking donations from Saudi Arabia, Third World dictators, or Wall Street hedge funds for millions of dollars and private meetings.
He also doesn't have a global charity to run either.
Lol
Dumb, dumb, dumb. I can't wait for the election to be over so I don't have to hear the same tired, thoughtless opinions from people that don't know anything.
Says the guys who's been supporting Trump along.
As a conservative and not a GOP sheep, I can tell you that myself and others I have talked to would of voted for Sanders over Trump, Jeb, etc in a heart beat. Our goals is the disruption of the status quo and the end of the isolation of the entitled and entrenched establishment in Washington. Sanders would of done just fine in that regard.
Sanders has been in congress for 30 years. How is that disruption of the status quo?
That particular talking point by the Hillary crwod doesn't hold much water, for the obvious reasons.
What are the obvious reasons?
But they voted identically 93% of the time! /s
I'm amazed how fast the Democrats can eat themselve. Bernie at least believed in his position. He didn't hold private and public positions
He is still correct, though. Many Trump supporters would have vastly preferred Bernie as the eventual president over Hillary, and even they realized that he stood a far greater chance of being elected against Trump because he doesn't have dozens of scandals to his name. And this is coming as a Bernie supporter.
Actually not bernie specific - If it was a white guy. I hate all the racism and hate white dudes get on reddit - but in the case of many trump supporters they are straight up only willing to vote for a white guy
I am sure that there are Trump supporters that are like that..just as I am sure that there are people that were voting for Hillary just because they wanted to see a woman become president without knowing any of her policies. I am referring to his integrity and how he seems to actually care about the middle class and fights for them. There is a reason he is now the most popular politician in America. There are plenty of republicans that completely disagree with his ideology, but know that as a president he would have done his absolute best to help the country. He is not corrupt like a vast majority of politicians.
As a moderately wealthy 30 something white man I am demographically a republican wet-dream but I am not a republican. I loved Bernie. My comment was not a slam on Bernie at all. It was a slam on a bunch of 'principled' republican men who would vote for Bernie who is WWWWAAAAAAYYYY left of Clinton simply because he has a dick and white skin
Sorry if I was confusing, I didn't take what you had said as an attack on Bernie whatsoever. I know that there are plenty of republicans out there that would never vote for a woman president when they could choose a man instead, regardless of any policies/faults. I am saying that I believe a large portion of republicans who are not sexist respect Bernie's integrity and would ultimately prefer him over Hillary as a result.
He isn't *that* far left of Clinton. Bernie was the most liberal member of the Senate when they were both serving, Clinton was the 11th.
That is a pretty arbitrary statistic HRC supporters love to tout - but where it matters - The war in Iraq for instance, Gay marriage, corporate speeches she gets it way wrong In some arbitrary metric sure you might be right, in reality you cannot really say you think she is within a mile of Bernie
Corporate speeches are not a political issue. She is in favor of gay marriage.
She is in favor of gay marriage only after the bulk of america was, basically, she 'evolved' after denying homosexuals the right to marry for a decade. Bernie on the other hand was on the right side all along
This describes me pretty well I disagree with Sanders methods but agreed with his goals. My feeling is that as President Sanders would have to deal with a GOP congress that was being pressed by a large conservative anti-establishment movement. And that Sanders and the GOP then could work to find solutions to problems we agree on that took into account both a liberal and conservative approach. But no we got Hillary.
You don't have any evidence. Trump supporters would never support Bernie. Don't be naive. Look at what each of them stands for and they're polar opposites. And please stop living in your fantasy. Bernie got beaten fair and square.
>Trump supporters would never support Bernie Why do you think Bernie was cleaning up primaries in the Trumpland of Kansas and Indiana? Trump supporters (myself included) want someone who will fight for the working people of this country, not Wall Street and gutting the country with open borders and outsourcing. Trump is the only one left, after the DNC rigged the primaries against Sanders *years* in advance. That's some Third World corruption.
How can you say that? Trump is part of the one percent who don't pay taxes and have all their goods manufactured overseas.
>How can you say that? Ask Michael Moore, who summarizes it quite well. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YKeYbEOSqYc
Now who's being naive...
Quite a few Trump supporters are just tired of the status quo. With a choice between a womanizing asshole, and a career politician who is blatantly above the law. They chose the asshole. If Sanders were the nominee for the Democrats, I agree the race would be over. He would be President. Shame the DNC ran a primary so biased and unfair that I could have sworn it was Karl Rove or Dick Cheney coordinating it.
How the fuck is Bernie sanders not a career politician to you when he's been in congress for decades but Clinton only became an elected senator after 2001?
> career politician **who is blatantly above the law**
How naive are you to phrase it as though there is no reason for this? They wanted a corrupt vessel because they are a corrupt party. Same reason the GOP hates Trump. He's an outsider to their corrupt game.
It's his job to investigate, not to get Hillary elected.
he has a lot of jobs, including not purposefully effecting elections without any proof of wrongdoing.
If Hillary hadn't broken the law there would be no investigation.
If I'm accused of something and the police begin an investigation, that means I'm guilty? Explain how this works
Is the evidence that you are guilty publicly available? Then yeah you are guilty.
Was I tried in court? I think you have your chain of events reversed. That's ok. I understand why.
If I shoot someone, and it is caught on CCTV showing my face, do you have to wait for the court to find me guilty before passing judgement?
WTF? The investigation is to determine if she broke the law. You can't say "because you are being investigated, you must be guilty." That goes against the entire ethos of the American criminal justice system.
I would agree with you if the evidence wasn't completely public because of her gross negligence.
Wow, you have no idea how this works do you?
What are you assuming I don't know about based off of my comment? Was I wrong when I said she broke the law? It is illegal to have classified information on a private server. That is the law.
reddit is a set of private servers that often host classified information. You're interpretation requires ***intent***.
Yeah that is an accurate comparison jesus christ.
Am I wrong?
Very.
When Powell's emails were hacked was there a story about the classified information in them put on Reddit?
Maybe Clinton should have not kept the private server a secret for so long
Why? It wasn't illegal. We've learned nothing interesting from millions of dollars in investigating it. It's existence is of no real consequence
What about affecting elections by not pursuing a case that could get a criminal elected?
Gonna be a long 4-8 years for you
I'm not a Trump supporter.
Not announcing it and not pursuing it aren't the same thing.
ok let's say i call up your boss and say "I'm pursuing a case of alexmikli raping someone, not sure if the evidence I have makes it true or not, but just letting you know that I'm looking into it"
Shit man if you were head of the FBI I'd almost think I'd have done it.
yeah If any of my employees was the subject of an FBI investigation I would definitely want to know and it would certainly affect how much sensitive information I would give them
that's not how our legal system works, innocence is presumed
Well innocence is presumed in court, as far as professional lives go, an FBI investigation is a huge deal that would derail any career. Sorry but this is not a cut and dry legal only issue, this is about the convergence of a political and legal issue
the fact that it's political first and policy second is the problem most are finding here - the FBI doesn't actually know anything right now, and they made a statement that they knew would be interpreted otherwise
If Police called your boss asking questions about where you were the day before because you were accused of raping somebody, your boss would probably fire you whether you did it or not.
that's not what this is though - this is saying "maybe they raped someone, we don't know one way or the other" and hanging up
This isn't the police calling your boss to ask questions pertinent to the investigation. This is them calling to say "We may or may not have evidence that alexmikli may or may not have raped someone, thanks, bye." If that happened, you could be forgiven for thinking the police had acted inappropriately.
> without any proof of wrongdoing You seem to be in the know. What exactly did they find?
That's not how this works.
Missing the point, nobody criticized him for investigating, but for announcing it via a cryptic letter to Republicans. Nobody even knows if these emails are connected to Hillary, they have no search warrant yet.
> via a cryptic letter to Republicans So uninformed. He sent it to the Democrats as well. They were CC'd on the same letter. Clinton just didn't bother to read past the front page because, well, she's often confused.
he testified under oath that the investigation had completed, so he felt obligated to update the committee when that changed. also, they are obviously aware to some extent of the contents because they are "pertinent" to hillary's investigation. Someone read a portion of the emails and briefed Comey about them.
>letter to Republicans Hillary lied about that. The letter was sent to both parties.
He announced to both parties. Hillary lied (gasp -- always her first inclination) about "Only Republicans." Be careful trusting any spin from the Clinton side.
It was leaked by the Republicans. Regardless, he didn't have to chum the water by sending an uninformative yet suggestive memo to *any*one.
He didn't announce it "to Republicans". He sent it to the whole committee.
The Democrats on the committee said they didn't hear about it until after it was reported in the press.
Because Chaffetz is a total scumbag and leaked it the moment he received it.
Exactly as Comey intended, most likely.
Yes which everyone knew he would do.
And they are full of shit, because they were CC'd.
Hey we already know that democrats don't understand how emails work.
This sub sure think it's his job to get her elected. Don't know if this sub is just CTR or just really stupid. Either way, I agree. He should be doing his job regardless of the outcome. If she commited a crime, it is something the voters should know and take into consideration when voting. She is the candidate of one of the two major political parties in the US. This investigation needs to be done. For both democracy and the free world.
At this point I want her to win and *then* get indicted just to watch her fall.
I want that too. Pence is scary as shit. Kaine would be genuinely amusing
Kaine would be Donald Blythe.
Does this mean he went against internal regulations and guidlines? Wouldn't this be "extremely careless" given the stakes in this election? You know, exactly the same thing Hillary did by having her private server and what he called her out on.
It's not the exact same thing at all. He's not exposing info to Russians or whatever by reopening the case.
No, he is just handing over the keys to the White House to a Russian puppet. It's the same thing in the sense that they both didn't break the law, but both went against internal regulations. What would Comey do with a lower ranking FBI employee who went behind his back talking to the press about a case they are currently investigating?
You know, saying that you would rather be friends with Russia than go to war with them is not the same thing as being Putins puppet. I know this is a difficult concept to understand for you Americans, but war is not always the answer.
There are options between "war" and "friends." No one is talking about openly going to war with Russia. What would that even look like? But we aren't going to be all buddy-buddy with Putin, especially if he's got his eyes on Eastern Europe, and we certainly aren't going to be his puppet.
Nobody except Hillary...
It does appear that the concept of enemies become friends is lost on most. Or most think that sort of budding friendship *must* mean a compromising of integrity or ones standards.
Maybe liberals can give him a stern talking to and let anything criminal slide
Please don't conflate corrupt democrats with liberalism. Liberalism comes in many forms and parties. I won't conflate white supremacists with conservatism. Fair?
Please do not confuse Hillary Clinton with a liberal - kapeesh
Agree, but that doesn't change anything.
Haha yeah let's liken Comeys actions to endangering national security. That's a ridiculous comparison. Nobody knows what info he's sitting on; for all we know he had no other choice.
Uhhhh... Trump is easily a greater threat to national security than some low side emails talking about drone strikes. Comey putting his finger on the scales this close to the election is unprecedented.
Hillary could start World War 3. Presidential candidates who commit crimes should be investigated just like everyone else.
So let's open an investigation into Trump.
For what?
Don't you know?! He grabs pussies and stuff!
> Hillary could start World War 3. As can any president. Congrats. You've said nothing.
They found SAP intel on her server. That's a hell of a lot worse than you're making it sound. Any of that info gets out and it could lead to war. Don't try to downplay how seriously she fucked up with her server.
> Any of that info gets out and it could lead to war. You don't know that. How many SAPs have you been privy to? Did it maybe involve authorizations for drone strikes, which are technically highly classified but which everyone already knows about (and which the WSJ reported her emails to contain)? Or screening measures for presidential personnel supporting transportation abroad ([Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special_access_program#Examples) listed this as an example of a "routine but especially-sensitive operation")? It could be very big, as you say, or it could be nothing. We wouldn't know unless they released the emails or at least meaningfully summarized them. Given how meticulously careful she is, to the point that she's never been snared in a real scandal prior to this despite decades of investigation, I seriously doubt she committed a blunder so obvious and damaging as the equivalent of emailing the nuclear codes to anyone. Only 7 email chains contained reference to SAP(s) out of 75,000+ emails. The content probably appears relatively benign, and largely is.
She leaked the names of US foreign agents and US NOC agents. >I'm not going to comment on what he may or may not have done for the United States government, but in the emails that were on Hillary Clinton's private server, there were conversations among her senior advisors about this gentleman," he said on "Face the Nation." Cotton was speaking about Shahram Amiri, who gave information to the U.S. about Iran's nuclear program. We are also missing emails you know, but those were personal yoga and Chelsea's wedding.
Your source is Tom fucking Cotton? A senator for less than 2 years who may or may not have access to these SAP emails and may or may not be reporting them accurately, given that he's a deeply partisan Republican who backs Trump unabashedly? A number of top Republicans in Congress thought they had seen the leaked photo of bin Laden's corpse, when in fact it was just a fake that was making the rounds on the Internet. I'm going to need a better source.
COMEY doesn't know what info he's sitting on. No ones read these emails. That's why everyone is pissed.
He has to have some idea. The NYPD were the ones who informed Comey of the emails on Weiners computer. That means they know what's on there and if they could tell it was significant enough to warrant reopening the case then Comey has to have an idea of what they found.
That's not how it works. NYPD hands over any evidence, they don't decide whether it's relevant or significant to the investigation. Their job is to just hand it over. FBI decides whether the evidence is significant or not.
huge difference between internal guidelines and federal law (not protecting classified information). this situation wouldn't exist if hillary didn't do unprecedented actions that resulted a presidential candidate being under investigation by the FBI.
But Hillary didn't break the law, she just broke internal guidlines. Exactly like Comey just did.
She absolutely did. It is a felony to be grossly negligent with classified information.
Comey said she didn't.
He said she was extremely careless, synonymous with grossly negligent. That's one of many reasons people thing his initial decision was bs.
That's why he should have never given that speech in the first place after concluding she was innocent. The director of the FBI should stay neutral and only either recommend charges or not, nothing else.
he didn't conclude she was innocent. he just decided to not seek indictment. it appears he was in a no-win situation, where if he had just said no recommendation for charges there would still be plenty of questions. The AG meeting with her husband a few days before, along with the massive amounts of evidence already leaked to the public, there was no way to not recommend charges without blowback. based on the amount of immunity deals given out, lack of subpoenas, and refusal to even go to a grand jury, it looked like there were higher forces playing his hand. It was not a standard investigation in many respects. So i agree with you there, he should remain neutral, but clearly has not at any point in this mess.
If so, I am sure no reasonable prosecutor would try to take it to trial.
Intent is much easier to prove here.
And that liberals will think it's acceptable and give him a promotion.
So apparently there is a law that the FBI cannot release information that could influence the election within a certain timeframe....
No
It's an agency policy which Comey decided to ignore.
Yeah because the AG is so far up Clintons ass she might as well be Humas strap on. The AG didn't want to press charges because if Clinton is POTUS she would get favors. This is blatant corruption and people are sick and tired of it. Time to drain that swamp.
That first line is fucking gold
wew lad!
By electing the Creature from the Black Lagoon. Squeaky clean Donald will surely clean it all up. Bigly.
At least he doesn't pretend hes a paragon of all that is nice and just. That and his message of making america great is simply better than "i have a vagina" and "together we can bully people"
Fair enough. Besides, I always preferred "together we can bitch slap Trump."
Man, you both get upvotes, that was entertaining.
With as much as both political parties hate Donald Trump, makes me wonder what they both seem to have against him. It isn't the misogyny or the racism, it is definitely something else.
It's the gleeful stupidity.
No one in washington likes an outsider. See Carter. They won't allow him to do anything he wants, but thats still better than electing Clinton and sweeping everything under the rug as Obama grants everyone pardons post election.
You mean the AG who disgraced herself by holding (an attempted) secret meeting with the Bill Clinton during the last investigation? I don't think she holds any moral high ground to tell Comey what's right to do in this situation.
Just made the point the article was making, and you don't even realize it. hahahaha SAD!
We're arguing whether or not it was right for the Director of the FBI to reopen a criminal investigation against one of two Presidential candidates within two weeks of November 8th. Let that sink in, folks.
I'm happy keeping it on the surface, off of it would be ideal. It doesn't need to sink in, it can float away and be free
And it's not like the other candidate is some paragon of virtue and incorruptibility either. 2016 fucking sucks.
True. It's Hillary Clinton vs Bill Clinton.
the attorney general disapproved? you mean loretta "tarmac meeting/plead the fifth" lynch? ...that attorney general? hm... seems out of character for her.
The FBI was tipped off about both the Orlando Shooter and the San Bernardino shooter but did nothing. They also tried to force Apple to install a universal unlocker just for the FBI, after they accidentally wiped the San Bernardino shooter's phone. But when it comes to investigating a political figure's aide's husband's laptop, you can rest assured that the Director himself will make sure no detail is missed.
[removed]
Look, sir, it's almost widely known the DNC was rigged, people didn't truly have a say in the presidential candidate in this respect, and honestly I'll say I'd rather choose a corrupt politician than a politically inexperienced idiot.
[removed]
Is it state department policy to have a secret, unsanctioned, and insecure private server in your basement?
The FBI is supposed to be non political anyway. Not doing their job because of an election would be the most political thing they can do.
So the AG tried to influence the outcome of the election by interfering with the FBI? That's not good.
are you suggesting the election is rigged?
After the AG plead the 5th protocol is out the window. And should Director Comey feel she is corrupt, bypassing her would be duty bound.
Wait. I didn't hear about this. What happened where she had to plead the 5th?
http://freebeacon.com/national-security/attorney-general-lynch-pleads-fifth-secret-iran-ransom-payments/ http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2016/10/28/congress-ag-lynch-outrageous-essentially-plead-fifth-refuse-answers-iran-ransom-payment/ http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3885328/Loretta-Lynch-pleads-fifth-avoid-answering-questions-1-7bn-payments-Iran.html http://www.inquisitr.com/3659356/loretta-lynch-pleads-the-fifth-congress-demands-answers-about-1-7-billion-sent-to-iran/
HAHAHAHA-- you may want to try again with the Bullshit.
[New poll: 34 percent 'less likely' to vote for Clinton after new email revelations](https://twitter.com/FoxNews/status/792754691155357696)
Idk I feel a lot of dems have seen this as a witch hunt for a while, so for this is just happen now reconfirms those feelings.
I'll take a poll over your feelings.
Those are awesome numbers. 34% of likely voters. I imagine they mostly come from trump's voters who weren't gonna vote for her anyway.
Nah. You and I are part of the other 66% for sure.
It's crazy how democrats are always bending over backwards for their stupid narrative. Comey was enforcing the law at a time where it is ignored, there is no faith in the AG after she had a secret meeting with Bill Clinton. She has been AG for how long and what has she even done? Went after some Fifa exes? No one else, no jailing of politicians, she's a hack. She shouldn't have eagerly said the Clinton email case is closed if that wasn't true. It was July of this year they were treating Comey like a great man, now Clinton is desperately trying to force her base to want to kill the guy. Hypocrites. Just like when Assange was leaking Bush docs they treated him as a godsend, now he airs their shit candidates ditty laundry and he's a Russian spy. Give me a break
Everyone bends over backwards to support their narrative
It's almost like when people do things that are dumb/bad other people get mad at them.
Poor Comey pissed everyone off lol. First Trump supporters then Hillary. He's just trying to do his job. Let's give him the benefit of the doubt that he is being bi partisan.
Comey didn't piss everyone off. You could say Comey pissed off the Democrats. I am sure there are plenty of Republicans that are jumping for joy, since they hate her and the Sanders fans are being shown they were right about her.
You are forgetting that Republicans hated Comey after he didn't recommend charges the first time. There's a good chance he will say the sane thing
Oh, I didn't forget that. And you may well be correct. He might come out and be like "Oh, I didn't mean to cause a stir over the weekend. Hilldawg's still good."
The same Attorney General who gave immunity deals to nearly every single person involved in this scandal? That one?
Hey, here's a clue for you. They grant immunity to people so they can get them to testify against the person they're actually after.
Here is another clue. You don't have to grant immunity when you can just subpoena the evidence.
True. But then you won't necessarily get first hand testimony that is behind the evidence. For that matter, the person granted immunity could have additional evidence that a subpoena wouldn't necessarily get you. And finally, if somebody takes the 5th, you won't necessarily get information that only they might know. Let's say Clinton told her sys admin guys to do certain things. Questioning Clinton might not get you that info, but getting it from her sys admin might if he was granted immunity.
He was going to get leaked by the agents investigating the Clinton case after the Wiener agents disclosed that they came across the potential Hillary stuff while digging into the sexting case. He had no choice but to send the letter. If he had not, then the story would have been leaked, he would have been villified by the Repubs for not disclosing, and the story would have hit anyway. At least this way, he looks like he is being transparent and doing what he promised, even if this ends being redundant stuff or even a nothingburger...the agents that he "discussed" this with were in my mind ready to spill the beans to their press contacts whether he told Chaffetz or not. The key to this whole story which to me is being lost in the noise is the political motives of agents within the FBI - who were probably pissed the charges were never brought in July and support Trump had this info for weeks, did not tell the director until very late in the election, and now forced his hand to make this a story....that is some fucked up shit there.
[Wall Street Journal article](https://archive.fo/VpV4I) tying together recent events to internal squabbles at the FBI and Justice Dept. Honestly this makes the whole situation make a lot more sense.
Incoming Huma scapegoat.
well the AG is Lynch who met privately on a plane with Bill Clinton so her credibly is shot. why is this on here?
[**BREAKING! WEINER LAPTOP HAD STATE.GOV AND CLINTONEMAIL.COM EMAILS**] (https://streamable.com/56n9)
H-Hello American Government, can you put mommy and daddy on the phone? The grown-ups would like to have a chat.
You mean after Loretta Lynch made it political in the first place by saying she would not take the FBI's recommendations?
Oh jesus fucking christ.... I can't wait for this election to be over so I can stop hearing about Hillary and her fucking emails. There's nothing there. This is like a nesting doll of disappointing safes.
- She lied about who all received the letter in her press conference. She was caught lying to the public again to protect her hide. This is why the public finds her dishonest. - James Comey is getting treated like he is under investigation/on trial by the media, this is why the public finds the media dishonest. - Apparently Anthony Weiner gave permission to the FBI to search devices where the e-mails were found in a folder titled "Life Insurance" Regardless of the outcome, the response by Clinton once again has been unsavory.
> "Life Insurance" lol, that's amazing.
Mad that your lap dog went off script
Comey is a lifelong Republican who was essentially a product of the Tea Party's 2010 electoral wave. He is certainly not the Democrats' lap dog.
That's bullshit. The US citizens have a right to know updates about the candidates they could potentially be voting for.
I agree, but my issue with it is that there wasn't any substance to the update. It didn't help anyone make an informed decision it just furthered the fear, uncertainty and doubt.
There was no update though. He made an announcement without information. Like Trump, he groped us all without asking if it was appropriate first.
I agree the lack of information is pretty shitty, but that's not what the article is about. The article is about Lynch advising Comey to no longer bring up the emails which can influence the election. Comey grabbed the emails by the pussy despite Lynch telling him not to.
A lot of people ITT who think she was warning him not to do an investigation, when really she was telling him he shouldn't talk about it. But I guess reading the article is hard.
Rightly so. It's the "Attorney General" who has some explaining to do about this ridiculous anti-American, absurd, treasonous, immoral "advice".
The same attorney general who just pleaded the 5th on the Iran money scandal? Or the one who had a secret meeting with President Bill Clinton on a tarmac a week before the final decision was made on whether to hand this over to a grand jury? Or the one who said she would not be involved at all in this case because of an appearance of impropriety?
This shows that the AG is pressuring the FBI to suppress an investigation because it could hurt Hillary Clinton. Are you sure you guys want to be up voting this?
The phones destroyed with hammers? First she said they were personal, then she said they weren't classified at the time, then she said they weren't marked classified at the time, then she said she didn't understand the marking of 2000 classified emails. Sounds like a child back pedaling doesn't it? Can't trust a god damn thing this woman says. She even lies about being liberal, thank Wikileaks for that one.
hammer? I haven't heard this. Could you cite your sources?
http://www.cnn.com/videos/politics/2016/09/05/hillary-clinton-email-device-destuction-nr-sot.cnn there you go, bud.
ah, well that video clip didn't seem like provided much information on the issue... but i did find this, which does confirm that after transferring the sims card from one phone to another, the aid did destroy the two previous, older phones... but thanks.. http://www.businessinsider.com/how-hillary-clinton-aide-destroyed-phones-2016-9
So the Attorney General is basically trying to influence an election by typing the hands if the FBI which they clearly have been doing in this case all along. No surprises here...
he's got no warrant for the computer--- he has painted himself into a corner
They already have the computer because it was used to send nude pictures to a minor.
It's more of the fact that he doesn't even really know the content of the emails yet, Comey should have waited until the review was finished before he said anything. All this is going to do is lead to baseless speculation and, if nothing does come up, Comey and the FBI will look like idiots.
It's worse. Huma testified that she gave up all of her devices and Huma was nit authorized to have classified emails. These emails were in her husbands laptop. SO how did classified emIls get from Hillary to Huma and end up with her husband? It's a very very big deal.
Since when do the Feds announce that they are investigating a person? Isn't secrecy pretty important to finding evidence and testimony?
Yeah, blame Comey and not Hillary for her gross negligence and not turning over all her emails. What a joke of a candidate.
Comey informed Congress as he promised he would of new developments. Failure to is a contempt. Info was pertinent and significant enough to inform Congress. Thats all.
What a country we live in when Clinton gets taken down by a sex scandal that miraculously involved no sex and not her.
She is being taken down by her choice to have a private server, and trying to avoid FOIA.
It is a choice that is perfectly legal and done by her predecessors as well. The only difference was her server was at home theirs was at the Republican Party headquarters.
Don't worry, if you're losing just blame the refs! What is the recommendation from the Clinton camp here? Was he supposed to wait until after the election (thereby influencing it in favor of Clinton)? He got information. He shared the information. This seems about as apolitical as it can get. If you think that Comey is some sort of republican mole, can I direct your attention back to the 4th of July of this year? Where he basically said that she committed a crime, but that he wasn't recommended charges, and oh by the way, everybody else make sure that you don't commit the *same* crime, because you'll go to jail for it? He's doing his job. If anything, he influenced his election in *favor* of Hillary Clinton back in July.
> Where he basically said that she committed a crime, but that he wasn't recommended charges, and oh by the way, everybody else make sure that you don't commit the same crime, because you'll go to jail for it? Now see, I seem to recall him saying quite clearly that she didn't commit a crime and nobody else would have been investigated or convicted on the same evidence. Let's look... From his original press release: > In looking back at our investigations into mishandling or removal of classified information, we cannot find a case that would support bringing criminal charges on these facts. All the cases prosecuted involved some combination of: clearly intentional and willful mishandling of classified information; or vast quantities of materials exposed in such a way as to support an inference of intentional misconduct; or indications of disloyalty to the United States; or efforts to obstruct justice. We do not see those things here. From his testimony before Congress: > And so you have to decide, do I treat this person against that record? And if I do, is that a fair thing to do? Even if you're not worried about the constitutionality of it, and my judgment is, no reasonable prosecutor would do that. That would be celebrity hunting. That will be treating this person differently than John Doe. Oh, look at that, he actually says the opposite of what you're claiming he said!
Where you leave out *entirely* the part that I am talking about: >**To be clear, this is not to suggest that in similar circumstances, a person who engaged in this activity would face no consequences.** To the contrary, those individuals are often subject to security or administrative sanctions. But that is not what we are deciding now. I feel like you're trying to get into an argument with me here as though I'm standing there screaming about the polls being rigged, and shoving some stupid edited hidden camera videos at you or something. I'm not. Everybody: please vote for Hillary Clinton. But let's also not get into the same frothed up frenzy that other sides of this election are whipping themselves into. FBI director Comey is doing his job here. This is not a conspiracy against Clinton.
Are you deliberately misunderstanding that or can you not read? I'll highlight the important part for you: > **But that is not what we are deciding now.** He's not saying that the FBI would have leveled *criminal charges* against any other person, he's saying that such a person might face *non-criminal consequences*. In this case, the FBI is 1. considering whether to recommend criminal charges, not administrative sanctions, and 2. has no power to sanction her anyway, seeing as how she is not a federal employee, much less an employee of the FBI, So he is not "basically saying she committed a crime," he is explicitly saying there isn't evidence of that. He is also not saying that his recommendation would have been different for a different person; rather he explicitly says it would have been the same, multiple times. What he *is* saying is that a current federal employee caught doing the same thing might be punished in ways related to his or her job. And, explicitly and repeatedly, *not* that such a person would be criminally charged. This is Comey's whole problem. He seems to think he's being helpful, but his violation of protocol in order to editorialize and pontificate only ended up confusing people. You'd think he would have learned after last time. Or maybe he's trying to stir up shit.
The dems put clinton as their nominee. They made that bed and they are laying in it now.
Lol @ people assuming they know everything when nobody knows anything. America!
We all know she's a liar.
Well i know they picked her as their nominee and everyone knew she was involved in something being portrayed as scandalous before she was the nominee. What else is there to know?
Why are liberals not claiming she is even innocent any more, just annoyed at the fact her guilt was revealed at an inconvenient moment? Pretty sad
This thread is a dumpster fire. Nobody has any clue what they're talking about. "If Hillary wants to know what's on the emails why doesn't she release them?" <-- that person's vote counts just as much as anyone else. Jfc, Lord help us all when this level of ignorance is up voted.
but the all the free salt one can handle.
Take action that could influence the election, like exonerate or indict her? That seems like a priority to me. Do we really want a president that can be indicted in their first year in office?
Everybody loved Comey when he announced to not indict a few months ago inspite of evidence. Now everybody hates Comey when he states the case isn't completely closed because of new evidence. You cant have it both ways.
Are you kidding me? Where have you been over the last few decades? If anyone can have it both ways, it's the Clintons.
No. Everyone was pissed that was a public fiasco as well.
No. Half the people were pissed. Republicans specifically. Dems wish it woulda happened sooner.
ITT: Liberals are trying to find ways to blame others for nominating perhaps the only person in the USA that could lose to Trump. Clinton is the ultimate insider, has engaged in pay to play since she was in Arkansas, is married to an accused rapist, ordained by the DNC, believes the rules don't apply to her, and is corrupt on so many levels that the FBI reopening an investigation 10 days before the election is not shocking. Think of it this way on Nov. 9th you wake up to see that Donald Trump has been defeated that joy instantly fades as you realize that to do that you have elected Hillary Clinton as President.
> ITT: ~~Liberals~~ Her Majesty's serfs Ftfy
You're right. Now I want to elect Trump instead because that's so much better
I can't wait until Lynch is out of the job. Such a shady piece of shit
How is she a shady piece of shit? How can a person have this opinion?
Name one thing she's done, from the tarmac meeting to her penchant for the fifth amendment, that leads you to believe she's an honest and competent AG
If Comey waited till after the election then Clinton is president and the case will dissappear. He said something when he got more information, what's the big deal? His biggest fault is closing the case in the first place and for giving Clinton a mild scolding and saying don't do it again.
yeah but the issue was this was nothing, no evidence of Clinton wrongdoing and can have huge repercussions. Also people need to actually read into the email saga instead of just going on headline sound bits. Clinton has not committed a crime, at worst she is guilty of stupidity.....where as Trump has actually committed crimes where is the outrage there.
You clearly don't know how the DoD works or their cybersecurity protocols. Any low level service member, as in a soldier like me, can get a dishonorable discharge and jail time for sending emails that require a security clearance through a non DoD email, as in a normal email account like she did. She broke the damn law. Any other person would be in jail already. But she's not a normal person, she's special. Which proves this country let's political elite and the rich off the hook when it comes to breaking the law but will come down hard on people who aren't in the upper class.
ok so I have read through all the documents pertaining to her emails, now even the FBI agrees she did not actually transfer any classified documents, she did set up a dangerous situation where security could have been compromised. But there has been no smoking bullet than any was. and the other big fact that people gloss over is that like the ceo of a company she was not single answering her own emails, she had a bunch of 20 something interns and other support staff that actually handle her emails. So this belief that she single handledly is a crook is silly. so if anything she is allegedly guilty of not following protocols, and she would be only partially so since she was not the only one involved in her own activity. she is not perfect but she is far less a criminal than the alternative who is an alleged rapist, guilty of numerous cases of fraud and would commit 10 times the number of crimes.
Is this the reason she gets a pass? Because shes running against Trump and people just want to look the other way so he doesn't become president? This isn't a Trump issue guy. Trump had nothing to do with how Clinton conducts herself. Of course people in power have secretaries and an organization that helps them run things; that being said, she is the head of the organization and allowed business to be conducted in that manner. This makes her responsible. People in power are responsible for how their organizations are run. If she is elected president she will have to be responsible for a lot of things, I hope to god she doesn't just blame people in her administration and never own up to things she is responsible for. I hate Trump, I hate Hillary, Gary Johnson doesn't have a chance. At this point I want Clinton to be charged, go to prison and have her VP Kaine be president, in four years hopefully we can try this again and not skrew it up.
She will not go to prison, if Bush and his illegal war fabrications and 20 million deleted emails never got charged Clinton much smaller infraction will not go anywhere. i want to see a trial and get a definitive answer as well but yes I am willing to let this go until Trump is defeated b/c if trump wins there will be no country and this won't matter. I am already looking to 2020 when I hope a progressive candidate wins
Couldn't have said it better myself...
Influence the elections like preventing the people to vote for a criminal?
Nice try. Do you believe in "innocent until proven guilty?"
She's under criminal investigation. This is not the election for mayor. There is no way Hillary can be president while waiting for a possible indictment. I will also point out that the AG ADMITTING she told Comey not to talk is corruption in and of itself. She recused herself from the investigation after having a private meeting with Bill Clinton.
Do you believe in "innocent until proven guilty?"
I like how no one wants to answer
The court of public opinion hold weight when you are running for public office. Do I think she should be locked up and never tried? No. Do I think its possible she is as corrupt as many people think she is? Yes. Do I think that will affect peoples opinions on her when it comes in november? Yes.
Are you one of the people who keep calling Trump a sexual predator and saying he raped a child? You can't believe in "innocent until proven guilty" in one instance but not in another
No, I am not.
im not him but obviously I don't. i don't doubt that trump has certain lustful tendencies and perhaps perverted thoughts (that many people might have) but unfortunately he finds it hard to keep his mouth shut about it. outside of that there are pure allegations. unfortunately people take these things seriously or to heart, so that is why we hear about trump being a rapist, bill being a rapist, clinton locked up.
They're not even in the same ballpark. Trump's rape lawsuit was constructed by one of the producers on Jerry Springer. And there's precedent to conclude that the Clinton campaign paid all those other women who said he grabbed their pussies or whatever. Not that you're laughing, but this shit's no joke.
I'll admit, your deflection game ridiculous lmao
Do you believe in "innocent until proven guilty?" Is there a case where someone shouldn't be innocent until proven guilty?
Regardless of the outcome of the election Comey should be removed from office.
Yeah he should lose his job because hillary is corrupt. Good job on your reasoning skills!
He should lose his job because he is intentionally interfering in an election process. Not because Hillary is corrupt. The FBI is charged to remain neutral in political process and he violated this to an astounding degree. Even long time FBI leaders have expressed shock in what he has done, regardless of political affiliation. It doesn't matter if you're Republican or Democrat, you should not be using The law enforcement branch of the United States government to prosecute your political opponents.
So should everyone at the DNC lose their jobs too for failing to remain neutral in the primaries?
Did you eat a lot of paint chips as a child?
Heheheh.....why??
The difference is the Democratic is designed specifically to elect a political office. They are by their very nature partisan. On the other hand the FBI is supposed to be in arbiter. A neutral party. This is outlined in the oath of office and in the guiding documents for the department. According to former FBI director's from both political parties, what Comey did was a violation of his oath and a violation of FBI protocol and guidelines.
I mean, yeah, but that's the difference between a private organization and a fucking law enforcement agency.
Sad defense, that private organization controls a lot of public political processes. It is ok to cheat because they are private is just dumb on its face.
Not investigating would also be interfering in the election process because then people might potentially be voting for someone who might go to prison.
Or that he broke DOJ policy and set off a firestorm over e-mails no one has reviewed yet.
He should be investigated. He's a partisan tool. He's trying to up end democracy. He's broken his oath.
Partisan tool for who? Either of these dumpster fire campaigns could make that claim. Be honest...you loved him a few weeks ago. Don't pretend otherwise. Sshh. Sshhhh. It's ok. Liberate yourself from the cognitive dissonance.
Honestly I am not sure who's pocket he is in - maybe its both sides. The initial investigation seemed pretty airtight Clinton lied and attempted to do something illegal. Then no charges, I thought certainly Clinton got to him somehow Now it seems very clear that somebody in the Republican party has gotten to him Maybe he is just an idiot and is doing all this shit that makes him look shady all by himself but I doubt it. My guess is he is for sale and does not care if its on sale to the dems or on sale to the repubs. Shit who knows maybe the Dem's did not follow through with payment so they decided to burn em. Bottom line in the last year Comey's decisions are very suspect and have at times favored both parties - which points to a very incestuous view of DC politics
Lynch is the tainted party in power here due to the meeting with Bill. Comey has no boss due to the poor judgement exercise by Lynch, and now we have a different standard to view Comey ? the blame here goes to Lynch, and she should be fired immediately.
that was obvious the moment his little press conference stunt to announce that no reasonable prosecutor would try this case was spiced up with words like "careless" that sound susipiciously like legal terms only to give his party some talking points
Extremely Careless. Which is the only way you could describe her server setup and handling of classified information.
and if you apply that same standard to everyone on washington you'll be left with 0 people
A wet dream
Honestly - Washington can be described as nothing less than incestuous and a pretty broad and wide reaching reform is likely needed to restore balance to the middle class. Not sure about you but things got worse for me in 08 and my ship is still not right - although everything appears to be back to normal in washington - those rich elite fuckers are just fine
I'm not seeing a downside here.
With nobody left in Washington, the Morlocks come swarming out of their underground tunnels, and some of them are even stupider than the the guys who are there now.
Exactly. 5 minutes of "no charges" followed by 25 minutes of "but she is a really nasty women." Fuck Comey. He is a partisan tool. We've given the whole email charade too much credence just like we did to Bill Clinton's blowjob-gate. They stone walled Obama for 8 years. They've stopped nominating all manner of judges, the surpremes not the least among them and now this. They've upended democracy.
I could care less that bill was getting his dick sucked. Powerful men cheat and I dont think there is a lot of belief that bill and hillary are fucking I do care about the emails. Bottom line I will still end up voting for her because not trump, but I hate that this is where our country is right now She did something very untrustworthy and extremely unethical. Now the discussion is if it was illegal or not, but at the end of the day she behaved shady, unethical and obfuscated the truth; then attempted to insult the intelligence of the american public with lies and more obfuscation It was not a good look and it makes me mad, although like I said, Not trump
Maybe democrats should not have elected someone under active investigation? It is not on the Feds to carry her water.
..an investigation which only exists for political reasons to sink her candidacy
If she had actually been clipped by this or any of the huge list of scandals she has generated, we would be watching Sanders destroy Trump right now. DNC had to crown Hillary before the votes even began. This is corrupt failure politics.
Thats a bit one sided - you cant investigate something that does not at least in part exist. Might not be a fire but there has to be some smoke.
I sincerely doubt these investigations would be happening if she weren't running for President.
the email stuff started way before she started campaign. some time in april or march 2015
I wont completely disagree with that - however - if not running the charge is a lot less relevant to the future. I am not saying there is not some motivation - but in criminal justice there is always some motivation. The point being Clinton keeps doing things that are questionable; why cant she just stay right? because in twenty years her and Bill went from a net worth of a couple hundred thousand dollars to 28 million. That kind of profit off the government requires some graft
>The point being Clinton keeps doing things that are questionable; why cant she just stay right? because in twenty years her and Bill went from a net worth of a couple hundred thousand dollars to 28 million. That kind of profit off the government requires some graft Not really. Do you know how much a former President and First Lady can make off of honoraria?
Can but did not
I haven't looked at her and Bill's tax returns.
Maybe clinton should simply not have used a private server with classified info on it?
Are you saying all these Congressional committees (run by Republicans because of gerrymandering) investigating her are devoid of any political motive?
Political motive doesn't mean she didn't do a crime or break rules. You are backed into a corner here, she chose to delete her public records of communication after keeping them unsecured and easily hackable for years. If she isn't punished then we simply do not care about punishing the excesses of the executive branch I matter how banal.
He's clearly going to give a press conference explaining how he thinks his actions were careless, against the rules but not illegal. He should then face 6 hours of questioning from liberals to have to explain it
You guys do realize he was appointed by Obama?
Appointed by Bush, promoted by Obama.
Yes, I do. I still don't understand that decision as he had every opportunity to appoint somebody else less radical. Now it turns out that Comey is a Brutus to the Cesar of the Democratic party and may go down in history as a individual who permanently altered the course of American history by enabling the election of a childish thug of a businessman to the presidency of United States
Obama is basically a republican lite, as is Hillary; corporate war-hawk democrats who pander to big business. They are republicans but we give them a pass so long as they keep a liberal social policy.
Pretty much what a "Moderate" Republican would be back in the day when there were such things.
A little bit left but only because they have liberal social policies, but beyond that they really do not do a lot of liberal things. Notice the vocal Anti-War left that plagued bush for eight years dissolved into thin air. The obamacare premium hike is a fucking disaster. The middle class is stagnating, and all Obama and Hilary do is give speeches on wall street and continue to ignore common sense policy aimed at enhancing the middle class
I agree. I wanted Sanders or even better....Warren. But if I have to choose between Hillary and Trump, Hillary gets my vote, as do all the downticket Democrats. Not because I love them, but because giving any political power to the Republicans is like giving a child a can of gasoline and a blowtorch.
Yeah I am not going to vote in a republican - I live in a very solid blue state so no fear here
Comey likely realized his career was going to be over if Clinton became President. Probably was looking for a good out to go join Fox News as a go-to expert in investigative legal matters.
in contrast to a woman with a machine of individuals who scheme behind the scenes to manipulate and lie? Everything she touches turns to crap (paraphrase of her own internal campaign emails.) Trump is one individual who is learning politics. Clinton has a soulless machine with media complicity (Again, a paraphrase of Podesta's wikileaks.)
You are fooling yourself if you believe that both political parties and Trump don't have political machines that are deep, complex and as Machiavellian is anything you will find on Game of Thrones. To believe otherwise would be naïve. At the end of the day, it really depends on what set of lies you choose to believe in or not believe in, and which group you feel will do the least harm to this country and the people inside of it. While I don't find Hillary particularly appealing, I find the Democratic Party to be the least of the two evils, and certainly not as "party before country" as the Republicans. As far as Trump is concerned, he is a shop of horrors. The man is truly a self centered sociopath with no understanding of what he is saying, doing or the damage he can create. He is not a Republican or a Democrat. He is a Mussolini, Edgogan, Assad, Castro all bundled into an incoherent, angry old white guy. Electing him would be a long term tragedy for the US.
> white guy Really took you a long time to get to the crucial factor, didn't it? Please inform me how this meaningfully connects to all of your other descriptors.
I was on his side, the dude has had a tough balancing act. However, if he did not even wait to get a warrant, look into the evidence and have an idea of what was there before he sent out such a vague communicstion, he is not doing his job correctly. It just looks more and more like political move.
Like you said. Tough balancing act. What was he supposed to do? Wait until Tuesday to get a warrant, review them and find something in Thursday and leave just 5 days before the election? If there is anything bad in there, it's best to get it out fast.
Oh come on! The director of the FIB should be able to get a warrant pretty damned quickly and figure it out fast. That's his job in a situation like this and he failed miserably.
Not when the DOJ is blocking a warrant. The DOJ under the control of Loretta "we just bumped into each other" Lynch.
we do not know the facts. if we are going to speculate, it is also possible that when Comey informed Lynch to his plan to inform Congress, he also requested warrants, and ran into a DOJ that was obstructing the path to the warrants. Hence, letter goes to Congress immediately, and now warrants are issued without obstruction.
Comey has made it clear several times throughout his career that he is a partisan Republican. He's also made it clear that he injects politics into what he does. Frankly I was surprised that Obama let him remain in the position. I think that was a mistake back then and I think it's coming home to roost now.
You have to remember it's not like Obama was tripping over himself to get Comey. The position has congressional confirmation. Comey is who he *could* get, not who he wanted.
The more i look the more i find that Obama has made some mistakes, especially on personel. I was reading up Rahm Emmanuel, for example.
His "mistakes" were compromising for Republicans. Even when the GOP gets their way, they still find a way to sabotage everything.
Obama has made a lot of mistakes. I don't agree with a lot of what he did and frankly I think he is a moderate Republican more than he is a Democrat.
lol after Obama for elected to his second term, my Navy LCPO and I were having a conversation about the president during a deployment and he casually said "Give it 20 years and the Republicans will claim his as one of their own." He said it with a laugh and I used to think it was a joke. Not so sure now. What ever the Republican party manages to re brand its self as is going to have to be much closer to the center if it wants to survive and I think its going to look a lot like the Clintons and Obama once the smoke clears.
Fuck, I almost forgot about Rahm. Why did you have to mention Rahm. Fuck that guy. Rahm Emanuel is kinda like a skinny Democratic Chris Christie. That's how much fuck Rahm.
He basically wasted his whole first year (and therefor the Democratic super majority) trying to compromise with Republicans. That's why you don't want someone with so little experience in the White House, he got played like a fool. He learned quickly and got thougher, but by then it was too late and the Republicans had retaken the House. That's why I had hoped for a Hillary/Obama ticket in 2008, would have secured Democrats the White House for 16 years and Hillary would have known how to use the super majority in her first two years instead of trying to compromise with Republicans.
long term he will be judged well by history, largely because of his first year. Casts the GOP as the villains of the piece.
He will be judged as someone who had the best intentions but couldn't overcome the realities of the situation and got fucked by the rising ~~racist~~conservative movement. But failure is failure. When you preside over the least working congress ever you can't say you were successful, even if it's not technically your fault.
The president can be judged separately from congress.
his administration is when the GOP shifted from being assholeish to actual villains.
They became villains because their electorate wanted them to be villains. They voted to repeal Obama care 78934 times because that's what gets them re-elected, not actual work.
they are a certain demographic, who was used to being the only one that mattered, and have not been dealing with demographic shifts very well.
He will be judged not as a failure by history. He had the most obstructionist congress this country has ever seen, to the point that it broke our functioning government. The fact that McConnell went on record saying that their goal will be a one term Obama presidency, and then 8 years of refusing to participate in government will not look well on them in the future. They will be remembered as the ones who finally destroyed compromise in the American political realm. History won't judge the man as a failure for his inability to move an immovable object.
He had the most obstructionist congress because voters allowed them to. You know why previous presidents didn't deal with this this? Because previous congressmen would lose in future elections if they pulled this stunt. You know why these congressmen sit pretty despite doing no work? Because they were elected to tell Obama to go fuck himself.
Yep. My congressmen is a tea parties and just says no to literally everything. No one can tell you what he has done besides block stuff and yet the people in the county love him for it. Gerrymandered districts needs to go asap
They were gerrymandered to tell Obama to go fuck himself. When one party gets more votes in a midterm, but gets less seats, that's a problem.
We live in a truly fucked up time. Add to the fact that nobody shows up for midterm voting and baby we have a shit stew going.
The flip side of this is that he sits on it and half the country cries that he withheld information for the administration. All he did was inform congress that he will need to amend his testimony because, shocker, congress wants that information as soon as it is available. The new testimony won't come until after the election, so at least he let them know and can't be accused of not being forthcoming with the investigation. I doubt they'll find a smoking gun on Weiner's PC. In reality, this clears away a whole line of questioning about his intentions when he sits before congress and, most likely, results in nothing new to address besides maybe finding 2-3 new emails with nothing important in the contents.
> The flip side of this is that he sits on it and half the country cries that he withheld information for the administration. Here's the thing: so what? His job is to be able to withstand that criticism. He's in a non-political position running a non-political department. They should always take the path of non-intervention, and in the past they always have. Comey deviated from that to deflect criticism from himself - that is abdication of responsibility.
However in the meantime it gives the GOP and Trump ammo to go after Clinton with innuendo and supposition. Therefore it has a net effect on the outcome of the election.
I don't think the withheld information line stands up to much scrutiny because he *still* may not have a warrant to even look at the content of these emails. You can't withhold information you don't know.
We will see
> It just looks more and more like political move. The timing and vagueness of the letter couldn't make that more clearer. Comey put a big slab of red meat on a hook and lifted it just out of reach of everyone on both sides of the aisle.
It defies belief that he doesnt know what he has. He knows generally what the emails are, i mean for fucks sake, they know how many of them there are. They have probably looked at subject lines, have probably read one or two. I am not a lawyer, but there has to be some line that you cant cross before you render information inadmissable, and I am sure they went right up to that line to understand what they had. Comey knows generally what he has, but they cant fully investigate without a warrant. Its not like they just found a random .pst file and sent the email to congress cause it may be related to Clinton.
That sounds reasonable but good luck trying to convince the media and Donald Trump that the FBI doesn't know yet EXACTLY what they have.
Everyone has their motives. Trump is trying to get elected so the emails prove Hillary killed babies and ate them. The media wants ratings and nothing improves ratings like last minute drama and suspense in an election. Hillary is trying to get elected so the emails are just backups of what she already gave to the FBI.
Very accurate view, but how the fuck are the people making up their minds now going to wade thru all that. There really is a non partisan voice out, or very few.
Well that's shitty advice. Make one of two decisions - influence the election. Make the other decision - still influence the election while also forcing Comey to perjure himself to congress. Also, what if the FBI uncovered proof that HRC was murdering and drinking the blood of children for sustenance... Was Comey the supposed to cover that up in order to "not influence the election"?
Did she say this when she was catching up with Willie on the plane?
ITT: people who don't know what the fuck they're talking about. edit: Meaning that we don't anything about what's in those emails. Jumping to conclusions is stupid and dangerous.
It's a good thing you're here to clear everything up.
Need some good salt for my popcorn
He tried to be Hoover, but he clearly isn't.
Correct. Much more ethical than Hoover and clearly less powerful.
Probably doesn't look as good in a dress, either.
https://static.simpsonswiki.com/images/thumb/d/d1/JEdgarHoover.png/250px-JEdgarHoover.png
Yeah, maybe she should have taken her own advice instead of meeting Bill Clinton in what was meant to be a secret discussion. Hey, Dems...stop acting like Republicans. Thank god the GOP nominated a bigger fuckup. Otherwise we'd be screwed.
You're screwed already. people trying to change early votes after the fbi news lmaooo
You are screwed already.
was it also standard protocol to secretly meet in a private jet with the husband of the person under criminal investigation?
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/02/us/politics/loretta-lynch-hillary-clinton-email-server.html?_r=0
Haha I forgot about this!!! Yes, this needs to be talked about more. Thanks!
You really should add the title there.
Why Im not starting a thread, am I supposed to add a title in the comments?
So that peopel will know what your link is to. Otherwise folks will skip over it.
Ok thanks
...you gonna edit it then?
ok ty
The same AG that met with Bill Clinton on a private plane to talk about golf
Well it would make sense that the Justice Department is against this lol
So the people shouldn't have the right to know more "pertinent" information about one of the candidates who has been already proven to attempt to "ensure outcomes of elections" and commit other acts of corruption? Because it could "influence" the election? The facade they've built is really dangling from a thread now. Edit: Another thought: honestly this is probably the last thing Comey wants to do. Comey just wants everything to be okay and he wants to stay quiet. ***I don't think he would have said anything if he didn't have a VERY good reason***
To be honest they hadn't looked at the emails before he made that announcement. Basically he lied when he said the emails "may be pertinent to the investigation" the same way it would be lying if he tried to say that my emails may be pertinent to the investigation without ever seeing them.
If he's that much of a dumbass to send a letter like that with 10 days left and no new evidence, I won't be surprised if he shoots himself twice in the back of the head because that's what will happen if HRC doesn't go to prison.
She won't. I would put Reddit gold on it that there is nothing in these emails that would warrant a conviction. I'm actually curious. Do you even know what law she supposedly broke?
There are campaign finance laws that have clearly been broken. (Campaign coordination with the dnc during the primaries. Campaign coordination with super pacs during the general). She mishandled classified information. Wikileaks has since confirmed it was blatantly deliberate, after Comey said it was unintentional when he closed the case. She has essentially lied under oath by "not recalling" nearly 40 questions. She failed to deliver emails regarding her investigation within the allotted time. She illegally deleted emails (evidence) pertaining to the investigation. She has repeatedly lied to the people about her true stances on Wall Street, pot legalization, and tax policy. She sells her position to the highest bidder, including quatar, Yemen, and Saudi Arabia, all known to violate human rights in their own countries, and are heavy ISIS supporters. Some of these are written into law, some of these are highly unethical, yet somehow legal in the current system. Either way, how on earth could you allow this woman to take advantage of millions of innocent people and cause the deaths of millions more. Those numbers will be in the billions if she becomes president and starts a war with Russia *for no reason.*
Pleading the 5th turns out isn't lying or illegal
Okay did you not read the rest of the reply, or are you going to pick that out and claim the rest is invalid? And saying "I don't recall" when she clearly knew, is lying. May not technically be illegal, I admit. The FBI didn't want trouble, so they handed out immunity deals like candy. Pretend I just said she broke campaign finance laws if you want to debate everything. I even acknowledged that not all I said was technically illegal.
Like I said in my other comment. I'm making separate comment threads for each part you were wrong about so we don't get confused trying to talk about several things at once
That may not be the best method hombre.
Seems to be working great. Already have several replies from you where you are admitting that you weren't technically correct. That looks a lot better than a long comment reply where that admission might be hidden.
Campaign coordination with the DNC does not break FINANCE laws. Campaign coordination with Super PACs during general election. I'd like to see a citation for this one.
O'Keefe video has creamer and foval explaining how they are funded and instructed by the Clinton campaign. Stop nit picking everything and come up with an argument that fucking makes sense. FINANCE. WHO GIVES A FUCK. DNC coordinating against Bernie in favor of Hillary in fucking 2015 should not be allowed. They deliberately undermined democracy.
O'keefe has no credibility. He's been caught editing and doctoring footage before. You can only use him as a source if he provides the full unedited footage which he has declined to do so. Well you said that it broke finance law and now here you are saying who gives a fuck and admitting no laws were broken and just that you feel like it shouldn't be allowed. I don't need to make an argument that makes sense when I'm slowly dismantling yours.
You're not dismantling anything. There are points in my argument that you have yet to address. I agree O'Keefe isn't the best source because of his narcissism. But there are long dialogues that cannot be ignored. There is also evidence proving O'Keefe's videos legitimacy, you'd have to find that yourself. I'm done with you man. You obviously are just a closed minded imbecile who believes everything he sees put in front of him as long as abuela tells you it's true. This issue is too large to break down into pieces, that was your first mistake. You haven't created any argument of your own, and you've only addressed around 5 of my points with child like deception. I'll see you on the other side m8.
There's evidence that proves the legitimacy of the videos but I have to find it myself? That's not how this works lol. Long dialogues mean nothing if you can't provide the context before hand. They could have been talking about "what would be considered illegal" it is completely useless if we don't have the full unedited footage. There is a reason he won't release it. I legitimately disproved several of your claims. I don't need to make an argument when I can prove that your argument is false. I'd rather listen to "abuela" then admit I've been duped by the con artist trump. Must really suck realizing you were so gullible haha
The case was never closed
Cool man
I'm just pointing out flaws in your comment. And making them separate comments so you can reply to each one individually. So that was the first thing you were wrong about.
Is it relevant to the argument I'm making? If you answer yes, I'm gonna save myself a reply to your reply and tell you that you're wrong.
If it wasn't relevant to the argument you are making then you shouldn't say it. My apologies for assuming things you say would have relevance to the point you're trying to make.
Do you have evidence that she deleted the emails prior to the investigation. Basically do you have evidence that she deleted emails DURING the investigation?
Haven't you heard of u/stonetear? There's nothing on his account now, but he is the man who deleted the private server emails between Obama and Hillary. Wikileaks will hopefully release them this week. And she even said she deleted emails. They *printed out* 50k emails worth of paper. Do you think there might be a reason they didn't do it all digitally? You think they might have tried to hide something? Research it. Please. I read all about it as it was happening and don't have the resources to confirm it all. If you just look at the timeline of events, there is a very distinct cover up going on under everyones noses.
So they deleted the emails but still provided the printed out hard copies. So you agree that she followed the law and still handed over the evidence, I remember stonetear. I also remember that he isn't Hillary Clinton.
I'm not saying she did this personally she obviously hired people to do it for her. they deleted emails that were relevant to the Benghazi investigation look it up.
Which of the 8 Benghazi investigations are you referring to? All 8 of them found her not at fault as well. Also did she delete those emails during the investigation? And be careful how you make your argument. If you can attribute every one else's faults to Clinton just because she hired them then you have to use the same logic for Trump
What pertinent information is that? The Comey letter said they have nothing. All they've told the American people is that e-mail is a thing that exist.
The Comey letter said "pertinent." Idk what they have. No one knows what they have except them. They've told the American people that they found more evidence (etc. emails that clearly outline Hillary's pay to play, election rigging, or money laundering). The Clinton campaign delivered emails printed on paper. It is a fact that they deleted thousands of emails illegally. These may be some of the deleted emails. If you think they're not hiding something or trying to cover up something big, you are very naive.
> The Comey letter said "pertinent." Idk what they have. No one knows what they have except them. Except the problem is that *they* don't know either. They literally can't even *read* these emails. They don't have a warrant. He has no idea if they're pertinent or not. For all he knows, it's a bunch of cat gifs. What seems more likely is that they're dupes of what they've already got. And that's the problem: They don't know, and they need a warrant before they can even *look* at it. I was all set to give Comey the benefit of the doubt, but this looks more and more like an act of bad faith. My guess? He resigns or is fired by Wednesday. This was a top level fuck up, and it's coming down on Comey.
Hey, sorry I'm replying again, but I thought you'd like to know, weiner gave up the computer willingly, so no warrant is needed. Also, there are 650,000 emails ready to be read. Some may be related to Hillary, some may not, but that's A LOT of emails.
You want to provide a source on that? Because that's not what every article I've read so far has said. I've seen a lot of comments alleging that, but, in general, I'm going to go with lawyers or the press when they say the FBI is working to get one so they can take a look.
http://archive.is/4Fpnk Wall st journal. The FBI is waiting for a *court order* to read the emails.
That is some serious hair splitting, and the article uses Warrant and Court Order interchangeably, as do most people. A Search Warrant is a type of Court Order, which is a catch-all term for a court ordering somebody to start or stop doing something.
Josh Rogin tweet: https://mobile.twitter.com/joshrogin/status/792752933892874240 Edit: sorry fixed the link. Whoops and the name
A warrant? Really? You're gonna say they need a warrant to look at emails related to an older investigation involving national security that they found in a separate pedophile investigation? I don't think this is gonna hold up for them. I'm sure they already did what they needed to do to identify it as pertinent if Comey used that phrase. This is the last thing Comey wants. He thought he was Scott free in July. He would not have done this unless it was absolutely necessary. You think he wanted everyone to be pissed at him? This is all he could do right now, and I think we are going to have a much better picture of the real story in a week. You people are trying to find *any* way out of this. It's coming down. If you can't see the corruption, you're blind. As an example, wikileaks released emails detailing the large amount of collusion between the Clinton campaign, the dnc, and the media. If you think that's normal and fair, can I ask you how that's fair? Bernie had the people behind him. He would have won if we lived in a democracy. He had policies that favored the people, so the people wanted him to be the nominee. The Clinton campaign organized a way to manipulate the minds of the public in order to try to paint a false image of Bernie and his supporters. This was all proven by wikileaks. And O'Keefe confirmed that the campaign has done the same thing to damage trump's legal and democratic campaign. There is so much more evidence of a ridiculous degree of unfairness and corruption, I don't understand how you think it is justified in any way.
> A warrant? Really? You're gonna say they need a warrant to look at emails related to an older investigation involving national security that they found in a separate pedophile investigation? I'm not saying it. Bloomberg and CBS news (confirmed by multiple sources) are saying it: http://www.slate.com/blogs/the_slatest/2016/10/30/a_day_after_letter_to_congress_fbi_still_didn_t_have_warrant_to_read_new.html And it seems the entire rest of your reply builds off your mistaken assumption, so I'll just leave that alone.
Your argument is built on a couple of news articles that are bought and paid for by the Clinton campaign. My argument is built on reason. The *why.* *Why* would Comey send the letter without a reason? So he could piss off Hillary, digging himself a 6ft deep hole? The rest of my replies touch on other pieces of information that assert the fact that the Clinton campaign is full of liars and will lie to the public to save their own asses. This is nothing different. All the information we have is the letter. Any bullshit about a warrant is just distractions from the real issue, which you seem to be conveniently avoiding.
False, they haven't found evidence because they haven't reviewed the e-mails because they haven't even aquired a warrant to obtain them. There is no evidence. Clinton "deleted some [emails] over time as an ordinary user would," and her legal team deleted personal e-mails which were independently reviewed.
Can you tell me why the hell he would send that letter if he didn't have something to go off of? Can you also point me to a source that says that in this specific case they would even need a fucking warrant to look at emails they were already supposed to have access to in the first place? Any ordinary user does not hire specialists to use bleachbit to destroy emails. I don't know how on earth you can still be in the dark.
Yeah, there is nothing there, he just threw a wrench into the election based on nothing. You'd have to be daft to think that.
So you're implying there is something there, yet you have no proof? My evidence is they don't have a warrant. Your evidence that they somehow obtained something without a warrant... is? He did it because the Republican party would hang him in the streets if he held back on releasing any information that could be used to attack Clinton.
You aren't making any sense. Give me the **source** (that's not a fucking bullshit propaganda article) says that they need a warrant to look at these emails. The Clinton campaign claimed they already gave the FBI all the emails. If it turns out they didn't, (they already know they didn't, they just need some missing ones to prove it) I do not think they would need a warrant to gather evidence. The Republican Party isn't happy either. We all just want to see what they found. If they didn't find anything, we can move on. But I don't think he wants to disclose what they have yet because that could cause a panic. They are going to try to do this as cleanly and by the book as they can. You're grabbing at straws trying to say Comey is that much of a dumbass to write that letter 10 days before the election without a reason.
Yes, there was a warrant. Huma Abedin and Anthony Weiner's devices were taken with a warrant. Are you under the impression that if the cops took some dudes computer after a drug bust and find information pointing to a bigger crime happening, that they wouldn't act on that?
Member when Clinton voters /supporters were happy with comey ?
We weren't ever happy with Comey. He had no place adding his "opinion" to his statement of the facts in the original announcement.
Do you guys think you can just say stuff like that and the rest of us that have been reading with our own eyes, comments supporting COmey's previous July finding and that we believe it? Seriously, do you think you are a Jedi?
Ok, shall I rephrase this? Yes, we were happy that the FBI investigation found nothing illegal. No, we weren't happy with Comey himself for adding his own personal narrative into the mix. Is that easier to understand? Comey isn't "the FBI"
It doesn't need to be easy to understand. I already understood it before I typed my previous post.
Well, from your previous reply to me, you made is sound like Democrats were always supportive of Comey's handling of the email investigation... When you say: >the rest of us that have been reading with our own eyes, comments supporting COmey's previous July finding and that we believe it? Makes it seem like you can't understand how we can say we have never been pleased with Comey
Oh, sorry. I am not playing the "Let's pretend Democrats haven't been loving on Comey since July." game. You speak for yourself and a minority of Democrats.
Hahaha, it's beautiful. For months the Hillary supporters kept propping up Comey and clutching their pearls at anyone who would dare question the integrity of Comey and the FBI. Now they're forced to do a complete 180, hahaha, their narrative is such shit. Defending a corrupt criminal for a candidate isn't all it's cracked up to be is it guys?
This is Hillary's fault. No other. Hillary should not have even put herself in this position.
[Hillary's hometown paper calls for her to resign](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/columnists/kass/ct-hillary-clinton-emails-kass-1030-20161028-column.html)
Um. That's from a conservative columnist for the Chicago Tribute. Not an official endorsement/unendorsement. Anyway their endorsement of Gary Johnson on September 30th still stands.
Maybe the corrupt AG Lynch should have taken her own advice before she met with President Bill Clinton on the tarmac just before the FBI was supposed to reach a decision on the case. The hypocrisy is ridiculous.
> The decision to make the review public was met with outrage by Democrats including California Senator Dianne Feinstein... Feinstein...a true American patriot if I ever saw one... /s Regardless of which party you support, she's in the ' needs to go' pile.
The Attorney General shouldn't care about whether the truth will 'influence the election.' The FBI shouldn't care if it's investigating a priest, community leader, senator, sitting president, or presidential candidate. They enforce the law full stop.
They don't care about the investigation, it's about the influence over the election. This guy came out 9 days before the election and said I have more emails I haven't read, can't read because I don't have a warrant and have no idea if they're damaging or further the case. So why announce anything, get your shit together and bring charges. If anything this helps Hillary by scaring people into voting. I'll take the email criminal over the child rapist any day of the week...
Democrats were completely insane to nominate someone under active investigation by the FBI.
Republicans were completely insane to nominate someone who's been sued 3.5k times and has pending sexual allegation cases against him and refuses to release his tax returns.
In the end, this focuses more negative press on Comey than it does Clinton. Nobody is changing their minds how to vote because of a vague letter from the FBI Director.
Yeah no one is going to change their minds because a candidate is under FBI criminal investigation 10 days before the election. That's some dank stuff. Pass that here.
Call me when they file charges...
What are you saying? Are you going to do something different when they bring the indictment to a grand jury?
Read between the lines, put the blunt down. You're getting excited and nothing has happened, just like the last 12 times the republicans tried bringing Hillary down and couldn't.
>In the end, this focuses more negative press on Comey than it does Clinton. Okay
Well duh Loretta Lynch said that. This article should really say "Democrat Mad The Email Case Is Back Open".
She's also the Attorney General. But never mind that! She's also a Democrat, so she's obviously wrong. /s
A lot of assumptions on my part, but she's clearly good friends with the Clintons. I mean, Bill just coincidentally was at the Phoenix airport at the same time she was, and she invited him on her plane to talk about golf and grandkids and definitely not what the FBI was going to do in the case against Hillary.
Yes, that looked bad. She did recuse herself from the proceedings ever since though.
>advice not to 'take action that could influence election' This is not how justice should work. Justice should be able to strike anyone at anytime and anywhere.
I think they call that corruption.
[deleted]
Then I sue you for the clothes on your back for Libel.
Yet if the FBI announced an investigation into Trump tomorrow for big federal crimes and then determined after the election that it was nothing important his followers would somehow feel completely differently.
Well guess what? That hasn't happened yet and doesn't look like it's happening. Your hypothetical situations are weak sauce.
So is that a non answer then?
It's an answer. You just salted cause your queen is being dethroned.
No it isn't an answer. You would think it was ok for the FBI to open an investigation into Trump TODAY for something they didn't even known if they had any evidence for and wouldn't know until after the election?
I would support it if the goal of the investigation is to combat corruption, like it is with Hillary. The FBI has evidence that she already mishandled information previously (still illegal, even though they didn't recommend charges). That should be reason enough to look into these emails.
The DoJ needs to stop meddling with the FBI. That's what happened last time and part of the reason why this mess hasn't been settled.
FBI is part of the DoJ...
This is like saying trump tapes shouldn't have been released because it would impact the election. Maybe she shouldn't have committed the crime.
They haven't released shit. That's the problem. All we have now is speculation and innuendo and Clinton **may** have nothing to do with these emails.
> Maybe she shouldn't have committed the crime. Must have missed where Comey said she committed a crime.
Comey made a press release and detailed about how her private server had classified material on it, and that the materiel was mishandled. Then in the same breath said that no reasonable prosecuter would indite her, and that the FBI wouldn't be recommending indictment. The law was violated, she just got a free pass.
Attorney General should go to jail.
because she's black or because she followed the law?
Always about race. Come on dude.
just attempting to figure the reasoning... She hasn't done a damn thing wrong.
>She hasn't done a damn thing wrong. for what it's worth, people who "haven't done a damn thing wrong" don't usually plead the 5th.
The Attorney General hasn't taken the fifth--- you are way, way, off the reservation here.
>The Attorney General hasn't taken the fifth--- you are way, way, off the reservation here. denying it doesn't make it any less true. https://www.google.com/search?safe=off&site=&source=hp&q=loretta+lynch+pleads+the+fifth&oq=lorreta+lynch+plea&gs_l=hp.3.0.0i10k1l2.343.3669.0.5180.14.14.0.0.0.0.200.1347.4j6j1.11.0....0...1c.1.64.hp..3.11.1344...0.K_x28McJ95s
It annoys me that some people would be annoyed that Clinton would lose this election because of this. She does not deserve to be President because she is a lying crook and if anyone other than her had done what she did with the emails, they would have been placed in jail for treason.
Bush's administration did the same thing. Nothing came of it.
What did the Bush administration do?
Deleted emails held on a non-government server. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bush_White_House_email_controversy
Where's the conviction, if she's a criminal? Where's the indictment, even? There is no crime except for a bunch of people believing there is.
There is not indictment because she has so many connections.
There's no indictment because she didn't do anything illegal For it to be illegal she had to have criminal intent. She had to be sharing those emails because SHE WANTED them to be hacked. There is no evidence at all that Clinton wanted to willingly give up classified emails to a foreign agency or hackers. The problem with you people that say she should be in jail is that you have no idea what law she even hypothetically broke. Please point to the law that she broke that would put her in jail?
Why does there have to be criminal intent. Ignorance doesn't make something legal. Edit: https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/798 US Code 798 makes it unlawful to distribute classified information.
Again I ask you what law did she actually break. Because in this specific case and all other cases involving the Information Acts ignorance does in fact make something legal lol Edit: "Whoever knowingly and WILLFULLY communicates, furnishes, transmits, or otherwise makes available to an unauthorized person, or publishes, or uses in any manner prejudicial to the safety or interest of the United States or for the benefit of any foreign government to the detriment of the United States..." See what happens when you do research yourself!? You proved me correct with your own edit :) this is so much fun when you can finally change someone's mind
If you really think she did this unwillingly, you have too much faith in her.
Having a private server willingly is not illegal. She did not willingly give any classified emails to people without clearance. If you can prove otherwise then I suggest you go to the FBI immediately because you have information they do not have
"Her preferred email system was one the State Department inspector general found was not approved and did not comply with government rules." Maybe not illegal but still wrong and that is why she should not be President. She lies and has shady things behind her.
You're entitled to your opinion. But if you truly back that opinion then you cannot vote for Trump either Hopefully you are voting third party or you'd be a hypocrite would you not?
Nope. None of what you said is valid.
That's not true. She sent emails that were classified to people. The k my reason she isn't in jail is because she is in bed with so many people.
Loretta Lynch met Bill Clinton in secret on the tarmac and she was busted with it. Mrs. Clinton publicly promised various advantages for Loretta in case she is elected like appointing Loretta to high office (again). Loretta Lynch has a vested interest in trying to cover up any criminal investigation against Hillary Clinton. It is just that the cover up failed in this case.
Is this a novel you're working on?
Yeah, that secret tarmac visit during the middle of the afternoon.
It was during a solar eclipse
Any proof of *any* of that? Or is that your inner Trump coming out?
People in power tend to tilt things into their direction
I hate Clinton a lot, but that stupid tarmac conspiracy is one of the stupidest things ever. Stop with that bullshit. Are you gonna ask for her birth certificate too?
>tarmac conspiracy So Loretta Lynch and Bill Clinton did not meet on the tarmac? It was a story invented by the press?
They did. But you assume you know what was discussed. That's the conspiracy. God people are fucking dumb
So you admit that they met a few days before Loretta Lynch was to make a decision about whether to indict Hillary Clinton for crimes. Loretta herself said that the meeting was inappropriate and it was at that point that she announced that she will accept whatever Comey recommends. The focus is on Comey now exactly because Loretta Lynch is compromised not according to some conspiracy, but according to her own admission.
So tell us how this meeting got Comey to suggest against indictment. This gets better and better
Bill Clinton's jet can't melt steel beams, Hillary did 9/11 confirmed
So was it in secret or did the press know about? And what exactly happened during said "secret but well publicized" meeting? Proof? Edit: I know you don't have any proof. Stop the bullshit.
It was intended to be a secret meeting but the press found out and reported it. Pretty sure you already know that though. Lynch confirmed the meeting actually took place and said that they only talked about grandchildren. If you believe that, I got a bridge to sell you. The entire meeting reeks of corruption.
It was so secret they included all their security and the staff of both planes in on the secret. Not to mention to giant planes with public registration sitting in plain sight. So secret a reporter who was not informed of said meeting easily pieced it together. It was a stupid thing of Bill to do, but can we not admit that a former president and the AG would be a little more discreet if the intention was to be secret. Say, I dunno, a phone call with burner phones. Hell they could have just called each other on Skype and no one would know.
The fact that nobody has any proof of what happened during the meeting is now to be taken as proof that the meeting was not secret? How does that even work?
Exactly how is meeting on a tarmac of an airport full of people with cameras secret?
no secrets, i'm sure. bill said they were discussing fun stuff like golf, and grandkids.... all the things loretta lynch doesn't have. or do. innocent conversation... must have been one sided tho.
TarmacGate is my favorite fictional scandal of this election. Of course Bill Clinton would need to stage a "secret" meeting on a tarmac between two private planes in front of the whole wide world as opposed to the nearly infinite other options he has to communicate with Lynch that would be virtually impossible to discover.
> virtually impossible to discover. With entities around like the NSA that's much harder than you think.
Ever notice how most "conspiracies" peddled by GOP usually sound dumb enough to be foiled by a five-year-old? It's not that it's the best their dumb supporters can come up with, like chemtrails, moon landing and 9/11, but because Democrats suck at conspiracies, apparently.
The 9/11 truther conspiracy is just like that. They come up with all this stuff about at what temp steel melts and the planes were CGI and the government disappeared all those people in the real planes, and bombs were set in the building and blah blah blah. Just say the government crashed the planes into the buildings themselves!!
You are lumping many differing factions of "9/11 truth" together into one implying everyone believes the same thing like no planes or mini nukes etc when that is hardly the case. Bombs were in the building. There were many witnesses who heard and felt these explosions and they were talking about them that day to the media. 9/11 truth originally was started by family members of those who died and was demonized as left wing conspiracy theories because bush was in office. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTxVIHBRJkw
Bombs in the building is such a fucking stupid idea. Like, dude, come on.
Tell all the firefighters and people in the buildings and around them they are stupid for hearing and feeling multiple explosions. Tell the cameras they are stupid for catching them as well.
I'm sure they heard a lot of explosions. MULTIPLE SKYSCRAPERS WERE COLLAPSING IN DOWNTOWN MANHATTAN.
Explosions were heard before collapse and during. You don't exactly know much about the topic do you?
Only from contemporary eyewitness accounts and history books and video recordings and live worldwide coverage of the event in real time.
That's not spicy or nutty enough, clearly. Explanation needs to be something dumb that no one would have thought of like "martians from area 51 planted the explosives into WTC while dressed as taco truck drivers" so that they can imagine themselves secret geniuses for coming up with it. Like a five year old.
Well that's why we can't have them on every corner.
I KNEW it was the taco truck drivers
**#WeinerGate** **#DrainTheSwamp**
Would you rather they do their investigation and let whatever happens happens or would you want to elect a potential criminal that may get impeached shortly after being elected? There's no need to wait
The issue isn't that the investigation is happening. It's that he told people about it right before the election.
Yep, to let people know they are about to vote for a criminal.
What crime was she convicted of? Facts not feels, please.
I love how you guys are spinning it to "conviction" now. Frickin' joke.
Because that's what defines a criminal lmao. And you apparently can't name one.
I would much rather they wait until they know something. Innuendo doesn't help us be informed voters.
Yes there is a need to wait. Because right now the FBI have nothing. According to Comey they haven't reviewed the material and have no idea whether it's relevant to the email case or not. So, no, this announcement did not do voters a service by giving them information that's relevant to the election. All Comey did was provide fuel for baseless speculation. He should have stayed silent until they had examined the emails.
And if it came out later they didn't say anything the right would be pissed. He's in a lose lose situation. I assume there is no FBI playbook on how to handle president candidates under investigation.
Essentially, the playbook is "don't influence an election". I agree that this is a no-win situation for him, but he should have kept mum until they had a warrant and some basic information on what might be in there. Not just a "might be pertinent", but a solid are or aren't. He'd probably still have Republicans asking why he didn't share 4 days ago, but at least he'd have the cover of policy and best practices behind him.
I dislike Donald Trump, but one thing is clear. The system is rigged.
The system is cancer. Trump is chemo.
Someone doesn't want a job anymore.
Hillary? Huma? Wiener?
If Comey's motive is hurting Hillary then why didn't he recommend she be indicted months ago?
Perhaps because, like he said, "no reasonable prosecutor" would decide to indict her. If he did, at the time, there would have been time to examine what evidence he had and ask other prosecutors (reasonable ones?) to assess the state of the evidence and then criticize the unreasonable decision to indict her.
Ah yes the FBI, founded by J Edgar Hoover, McCarthy aera witch hunt pit bull and vindictive enemy to everyone having a liberal and progressive mindset. Trump's closest associate, Roy Cohn was one of Hoovers minions.
And what's the status of investigating Trump for obvious self-dealing with his charity making donations for his benefit to settle claims?
tu quoque Also, I believe that *is* being investigated
People are getting caught up in is comey right or wrong and it's getting complex, but there is a very simple test. Comey sent a memo internally stating "I don’t want to create a misleading impression". So let's use his own criteria, his objective. If he has created A misleading situation then he has failed his own objective and is thus at fault and deserves criticism. No one could possibly argue the result of his direct actions has not created a "misleading situation", a quick look at the media shows this. So it's without question showing he has failed his own objective and thus demonstrated his complete failings over something so exceptionally serious, he is not able to provide the outcomes he intended and needs to step down. He has utterly failed the American people, purely using his own words and desires intentions. He is incompetent clearly as he has created a situation which is the opposite of his intentions.
LBJ supposedly said that a simple and sure-fire way to eliminate an opponent is to call him a 'pig fucker' and then watch him deny it in public. Maybe Hilary's people should announce that they are looking into the numerous allegations that Trump has ties to a nefarious child pornography ring, and although nothing has been substantiated, they are exhaustively investigating the matter.
As if that wouldn't look like desperation.
I'm losing count of all the people being tied to child porn rings or helping pedophiles,that the US would love to see discredited, Assange, Trump, Snowden. Any more I can't remember?
I guess that director will be looking for a new job in about 9 days.
10 year appointment so his is immune form political games.
You know, I've been thinking that if perhaps Hillary didn't do all these shenanigans with private email servers, she wouldn't have to be so critical about when and how the FBI does its job and investigates her. It's sort of like getting pulled over for drunken driving, but then yelling at the police officer that's arresting you because you have a major road trip scheduled in a week.
Funny how the FBI megathread was just disappeared from the front page...
Yes, instead just wait until after the election when certainly there would be riots. disgusting idiots. all of them
The same attorney general, the boss of Comey/FBI, that met with Bill on a plane several days before the no indictment/no grand jury decision?? I hope my man Bernie takes back his endorsement of Crooked.
Well thankfully Bernie Sanders doesn't buy into conjecture and conspiracy like a moron would.
>Hillary and Bill made a business out of our government. The common good is sold daily like the present silence for ecocide of DAPL as Native American's are locked in dog cages and police set dogs on children. Nobody home for most concerned about getting by so Hillary and Donald are drooling about the business they can run in government.
I kind of wish Holder was still AG. I feel like he had more clout than Lynch.
The guy that helped arrange shipping firearms to Mexican cartels? Yea, real fucking solid dude.
> ...Weiner probe Hehehe
If you cant trust the person appointed by the accused husband, who met privately with them during an ongoing investigation, who can you trust?
What about this headline - "Clinton Top Aide Commits Perjury?"
If it was insignificant, he would never have made much ado about nothing. EDIT: Also, AG Loretta Lynch is a repulsive piece of garbage who needs her vocal cords ripped out AND her lips sealed shut.
To be fair, he would have to report knowledge of any emails -- insignificant or otherwise given that he swore under oath that the evidence had been fully collected. At least that is my understanding. There are so many conflicting reports, though, that it's hard to get the straight story.
He knew the ramifications of this from the MSM, to DNC crying foul, to republicans claiming victory. There's no need to rush the investigation just because everyone wants to pass judgment on the evidence (from the "told you sos" to the "this proves nothings.") Voters have had PLENTY of time (about thirty years) to get acquainted with the Clintons and their scandals and over almost two years for their private server. If they don't know by now, they're voting in denial.
He also is on record saying he's not allowed to openly talk about an ongoing investigation. Considering this case was NEVER closed, he went against his own word and against DOJ officials who told him not to do it.
The same attorney general who was originally given a federal job by Bill Clinton, the same attorney general that met secretly on the tarmac with Bill right before the FBI said no charges, and the same attorney general expected to get a reappointment under clinton? Color me shocked. This wouldn't even have any potential of influencing the election if Clinton hadn't considered herself above the law and actually followed federal regulations. She's created this problem for herself
reeks of quid pro quo
O so the emails are valid now?
Hillary should stop whining and make her case to the American people lol
On most job applications you get asked if you are currently under criminal investigation. You don't get to blame the authorities for doing their job. This just underscores how Hillary believes she is above the law and deserves preferential treatment. I have voted Democrat in the last 5 presidential elections. I registered as an independent after the DNC and I will not be voting for Hillary.
You know who else ignored sound advice? Clinton, when she originally created this email clusterfuck. Whatever standard by which you can excuse her decision, you can excuse his. Personally, I don't excuse either one. Everyone with this "rules don't apply to my kind" attitude needs to go.
Good. You would hope people like him do their jobs so any accusations can be fully followed up, election or not. There has been way too much smoke around Hillary as if there weren't a few big wildfires going on. A president should be of the highest moral caliber and I'm afraid she is not.
>A president should be of the highest moral caliber and I'm afraid she is not. She's not, but she's still miles ahead of the alternative
Pssst: none of them are.
So we can clog the front page wilting email stories that are favorable to Hillary but banish anything critical, including unrelated stories from the Garner family, to a megathread. Not even trying to pretend this thread is impartial are we?
If Donald wins blames the DNC, without their intervention Bernie would be running and he would crush Donald.
Congratulations DNC, you played yourself.
HAHAHAHAHAHHHAAHAHA If you didn't want an FBI investigation to impact the Presidential election, then #maybe you shouldn't have nominated someone under FBI investigation.
or under a rape investigation like Trump? https://www.scribd.com/doc/310835987/Donald-Trump-Lawsuit
I don't think you understand how lawsuits work
I don't think you understand how lawsuits work
re-read what he said. none of it is incriminating **IF** there is nothing in those emails. innocent people don't mind scrutiny.
It does not matter. In a metaphorical sense what he has done is rip the scab off a wound that was almost healed and poured lemon juice on it. It was a clearly partisan, cynical stunt specifically designed to damage the Democrats. Comey should be fired for this.
He should be investigated. This should be criminal. If Trump wins because the FBI used a criminal prosecution as a political tool, it is the literal end of democracy in America and Comey will have been the executioner. Comey should be facing the noose if he isn't completely and totally above board. And he's not.
[deleted]
I think all parties should be independently investigated. This deserves the upmost transparency.
So the warrant's for Lynch to grant? I did not know that. That puts a spin on this for sure. Juvenile comment here but some of the names in this election just...wow. Wiener. Comey. Lynch. Seriously?
... What?
The only person that needs to be fired here is Lynch
For what? Why does the GOP attack any person with dark skin?
[deleted]
For preventing the FBI from doing their job. Registered dem for 12 years by the way.
How did she prevent the FBI from doing their job?
[deleted]
Judges issue search warrants. Fucking civics 101 here.
I didn't say issued I thought the departments went through the attorney general office to obtain the warrant from the courts on behalf of them. I was wrong.
What? lol
[deleted]
And that has nothing to do with Lynch she isn't the one who grants search warrants to the FBI. She is the attorney general of the US not a judge. The FBI needs a judge to obtain search warrants you silly goose. You obviously have no clue what you are talking about or how the law works lol. Congress can't issues search warrants either lol.
yikes
damn dude. you really don't know how this works at all :( but you're loud and proud about it, so you have that going for you
She did kind of meet Bill Clinton suspiciously during the original investigation.
She should've been fired after the massive breach of ethics she committed meeting Bill.
Lol when Comey dismissed charges, he was everybody's boy. Now with this, he should be fired. LOL.
Do you remember his long speech where he chastised Clinton and made all kinds of talking points for Republicans to use in their speeches and ads? Even though he had no case, he still had to go on a long rant about carelessness, and I definitely recall a lot of unhappy people regarding that.
He dismissed the charges because he had no case.
He dismissed the charges because they couldn't establish intent, which is absurd considering she was told the rules and chose to BleachBit public records instead. Sad logic.
[removed]
Feel free to add information, otherwise just swearing and raging out looks like you got irrationally triggered and can't respond intelligently.
His legal reasoning was much more nuanced than most people can appreciate and his decision to not recommend charges is not immune from criticism because he very easily could have concluded that whether she had the requisite mens rea was a question for the court to decide. There is plenty circumstantial evidence of intent.
He dismissed charges true. Because he , in his own words "regretfully" could not find find anything illegal in what was done. He then went on to pontificate about how he felt Clinton was sloppy and negligent for handling the email server the way she did, even though every president and secretary of the state prior to her for the past five administrations has done exactly the same thing. Comey is a partisan Republican hack. Along with the GOP he is trying to hang anything he can find on Hillary in order to influence the election. If you take a hard look at the content of his letter it truly says nothing, and if you dig deeper into what he is trying to discuss, it has everything to do with the activities of Anthony Weiner and not with Hillary in any way shape or form. What he has handed the Republican Party is the ability to cast innuendo in doubt upon Hillary Clinton without specifically saying anything about whether or not she's even involved in the issue. Regardless of your political leanings, this is highly disturbing and unethical as the FBI should be politically neutral in all of its dealings.
>If you take a hard look at the content of his letter it truly says nothing, and if you dig deeper into what he is trying to discuss, it has everything to do with the activities of Anthony Weiner and not with Hillary in any way shape or form. LOL the deflection. Oh god my sides hurt, please stop I can only laugh so much.
Explain to me how Hillary has any control over a sex crazed idiot. Or how she would be held responsible for his actions that she knew nothing about.
She doesn't, but this is about Huma archiving her emails. Emails that could potentially be all of the 33,000 that were erased by PRN. Sure they only confiscated the laptop because of Weiner. But good luck trying to change the narrative to Weiner to take off heat from Clinton. Everyone knows Weiner is a sex addict and will most likely goto jail. Only few know what's exactly in those emails.
What they found has nothing to do with Weiner. It just happened to turn up during the investigation on him. The link here is Huma.
So explain to me how this is somehow linked to Hillary and her "corruption". At this point there is nothing to indicate one where the other weather this is anything at all to do with Hillary. All he said was they found emails on a laptop which may be related to The investigation of Anthony Wiener. The GOP and the right wing media has subsequently taken this and attempted to turn it into a new indictment of Hillary Clinton even though there is very little at this point indicate any involvement with her whatsoever.
All the pontificating was just to distract from the fact that the original investigation was a sham. Everything indicates the investigation was never taken seriously or done properly, and they passed out immunity like candy on halloween. The sharing of attorneys, group interviews, no mandatory polygraphs...I could go on. It was a complete shitshow.
It has been a shitshow for 25 years. Produced and promoted by the GOP. What is amazing is, after smearing Clinton around in the mud for that long they never could come up with anything specific other than " ZOMG she is eeeeevil!!!"
The FBI has drawn criticism because everything we have heard about the investigation suggests that they deviated from normal investigative procedures and policy in a way that was specifically to the benefit of the State Department. I've read a ton of things that claim that the FBI in general is upset with Comey because they don't feel it was done properly. We will see what they found on Huma's "device." They've done such a shit job, I'm assuming this was just too incriminating to Hillary to ignore.
Shoulda been fired for the "regretfully" IMO. NOT your job dud.
I agree. He should state facts, not opinions.
Yes, but we arent going to find out what is in the emails until after the election, so why needlessly stoke speculation?
Innocent people don't mind scrutiny? That's a bullshit comment right there. I think most people find scrutiny to be even more frustrating when they are innocent. I sure do.
Any scrutiny is relevant and necessary when you are seeking to be the leader of the free world. This is not a McDonald's job interview.
Then let's apply that across the board shall we?
Yes. We should. All candidates that are seeking to be the leader of the free world.
But that's not happening. I'm all for scrutiny but not for every person, like the op was saying. And it needs to be applied equally, which its not. And it's too late to start now
How is it not applied equally?
If you feel that Trump has had the same scrutiny applied to him, then I don't know what to tell you. But it's clear in your history you have a Clinton grudge and are more than willing to gloss over his issues. I don't think we'll get anywhere with this. Enjoy your Sunday.
Trump is known to be an awful person and a shady businessman. You don't need to dig very deep to get a sense if it. Clinton is more complicated with a lot of political past and poor judgment causing poor decisions that have negatively impacted the lives of millions. If you feel like the scrutiny is on a different scale I would contend that the nature and impact of their history has been on a different scale. I don't spend time researching Trump because the people voting for him know exactly what they're getting and don't care. I know I'm not going to vote for him. I had just hoped that Democrats would be better than Trump supporters, but they're actually worse. Call it a "Clinton grudge" if you like, but everytime I heard something terrible about Trump, (and I believe those things without research because I'm not voting for him and the DNC has already built an effective case against him), I researched the same on the Clintons and found worse truths than any rumors about Trump. Just look at the country of Libya. That being said, have a good Sunday.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhFB7-w2MY8
Hey can you prove your not a member of white supremacy groups online? Just send me your Internet history.
The problem is that we don't know what is in there. COMEY doesn't know. And the issue is apparently no one will know in the next eleven days. It could be innocent. It could be big. NOONE KNOWS. And Clinton is calling for the FBI to release the information.
>And Clinton is calling for the FBI to release the information. That's cause she knows they can't do it. If she really wants to put us all at ease, why doesn't she release the emails herself?
There's a good chance she already has. The problem is no one fucking knows what emails we are even talking about, including the head of the FBI.
Which emails? They could be duplicate emails she has already released. She has no way to know what's on Anthony Weiner's device. Hence why she wants the FBI to give more information ASAP
he is saying he doesn't know because he doesn't have a search warrant for that device as it relates to clinton. that doesn't mean they 'don't know' but rather that the are legally required to say nothing until they legally are allowed. it seems that these emails were specifically chosen and saved by huma as 'chips' so even if they only read the first one, it could be enough to need to inform congress.
So you're not suggesting the FBI has read these emails in violation of the law?
it's not against the law to stumble upon evidence. it may be if they continue to process that evidence without a warrant.
If Clinton hasn't done anything wrong why does she care about this. They're just going to find Weiners yoga schedules.
Because the way it's been worded it appears she has done something wrong. If she hasn't then she deserves to not have mud slung at her. Clinton should be treated like every other person. The fact she's getting this scrunity shows she's not. EVERY other person does not have cases discussed. Why is Clinton different?
"Clinton should be treated like every other person" Listen to yourself.
You mean like the news covering Trump 24 7 on sexual assault accusations that just came up for the first time right before the election? I thought that was the proper way to treat people, rip them a new one for convenient accusations. Clinton knows if she is guilty of anything, her campaigns behaviour indicates that she probably is. They should have just laughed at the FBI needing to investigate Weiners dick picks twice for different investigations and moved on with their lives. That would have given people more confidence than full on melt down mode.
Accusations that he made against himself on tape you mean?
Clinton admitted to not providing all of her emails as well under oath. Just like we need to find out who Trump gropes and how. We need to find out whose emails Clintons deletes and why. I'm not saying not to go after Trump, I'm saying go after criminals, especially if they are running for the highest position of power in the world. If Clinton did nothing wrong then the investigation will prove it, it wasn't closed, they didn't have a verdict of no wrong doing. The case was still open for further investigation if evidence came out.
The way the campaign is handling this is exactly as you would expect them to, knowing there is nothing there. If there was, they wouldn't be saying anything. And your trump comment is just stupid. He basically admitted to an act, then says he never did it, then women came out saying he did it to them. Not even close to comparable.
Clinton has admitted to deleting emails, so them finding new emails on her is pretty close to Trump saying he likes to grope people and then having people come out against him. Both said they did something wrong, and then more evidence came out to back up their claim of wrong doing. As far as the emails go she knows all they could have on her, so why not just come out and say that the investigation is fine, and that they are just wasting Tax Payer money. It seems more like she wants to be able to start damage control today. Her previously released emails seem to indicate that damage control is a huge issue for her campaign. We all know she deleted email, its a well documented fact. Trump said he did things, but its not well documented that he has done them. We know Hillary is guilty of deleting them, I doubt that alone is enough to cause her problems. I'm not saying she is guilty of anything, I will say her campaigns behaviour and response make it seem like she could be guilty of quite a few things. If it was one thing or nothing, they would know what to prepare for and how to spin it. The entire investigation has been terribly handled, if shes innocent it will come out someday and if shes guilty of something then why would someone defend her?
I have no idea how you can possibly feel that her campaign's response the past two days is acting as if there's something wrong in those emails. I've even had trump supporters tell me she's acting like there is nothing there.
I'm not a Trump supporter, I would say the Clintons demands of the FBI to release information when she knows they can't does. If she has done nothing wrong she wouldn't care what they have, she should already know everything that could be there. Why not support the FBI in their diligence in making sure that an investigation is completed properly, its national security at risk here.
If they can't produce anything, they shouldn't have said anything. Thanks for proving that point. And she wants it out to show it not anything. Why would they ask to have it shown if it's bad for her!?
Same reason all the other emails are damaging-keeps the words "Clinton emails" in the news. Nobody has been able to point me to anything interesting in any of the email dumps.
I've seen a lot of things in them that would make me not want her as president of the United States. I've seen a lot of things in them that make me think her own staffers feel the same way.
Care to share?
www.mostdamagingwikileaks.com
Top ten where pretty unimpressive. Lulz'd at 11 > “I do not think we should have pushed for an election in the Palestinian territories. I think that was a big mistake. And if we were going to push for an election, then we should have made sure that we did something to determine who was going to win.” Are we pretending that the Palestinian elections worked out well now?
The article context is very different from the headline.
https://youtu.be/TwiMjLX_ABQ
It's almost like the DOJ has been tried to impede his investigation and are denying him warrants or something. Funny that.
When he should have been saying it to Clinton.
Yeah..I would probably ignore the current AG too
It's pretty hard not to do anything that could influence the election at this point.
Breaking news. Huma just released a statement saying that none of the emails on her husband's laptop are hers. She did not use his laptop.
Doesn't the DOJ and Lynch work for obama?
The shitstorm is only going to get worse from here on in, people. Hillary supporters (and Democrats in general) are going to raise Cain about witchhunts, and any result short of an actual indictment (roughly, anything running "much ado about nothing" to "nothing new") is going to generate off-the-scale levels of pure rage from Trumpists.
Has anybody figured out what is in those emails? Or are people basically speculating they are as bad as nuclear plans from north Korea bombing south korea
I dislike Trump and GOP completely and can't imagine a less suitable or more dangerous president (though Clinton comes close). I think the man and his supporters are a big joke, but unfortunately also symptoms of a disease that is caused by broken politics and broken education. But this is the result of the corruption of the political system in america and all of you devoted Hillary fans are to blame. Clinton should never have been the democratic candidate, but due to her connections and money and favours and this ugly net that casts its shadow over all over Washington and the US, you have ended up with a candidate that does shady and illegal stuff like freakin hiding a private email server in her basement while she's secr. of state, while she not only runs a foundation, but also has intimate family connections that privately accept huge amounts of money from domestic and foreign stakeholders in her decisions. That's insane! Comey did not do what he just did, if he wasn't sure that the emails were more than just duplicates and that they were more than just private exchanges. Okay, he's not that stupid, not that reckless. He knew the implications of his decision, he knew how it would reflect on him and the agency and he knew the possible consequences. FBI has had access to the material for weeks. They were not legally entitled to examine it in any kind of depth, but I can guarantee you that the agents have made informal reviews of portions of the material, enough to know that there is *something* here, enough to take the formal steps required and enough for Comey to decide he needs to inform Congress. It appears to be established according to reputable news organizations like CNN, that emails deleted from Clinton's server prior to handover to the FBI have been identified in the Weiner laptop. That in itself is very bad. The current version of the democratic party and the corruption that it thrives on is to blame for this, not Comey, not the FBI. Hillary wouldn't get close to this position in any other democratic country with a functioning press (look at the countries at the top of press freedom and democracy lists), where you lose your job as a high profile politician if you attempt to set up a fence without permission or accept one paid vacation from a stakeholder. My point is that if the US is ever going to have robust, democratic institutions, you need to accept that the problem exists and that the media begins to treat for what it is, a disease that has to be killed off, not the subject of dark humour in private settings. Yes, the timing is horrible, but you only have yourself to blame. Trump is a more embarrassing, less suitable, less skilled president than Hillary, but if you and the media continue fighting for Hillary without a modicum of self inspection and even sense of outrage, then you're legitimizing corruption in the name of the progressive movement and that is not only heartbreaking and intellectually and morally corrupt, but it could also hurt the struggle for progressive ideas in a deeper way for the decades to come than the short term pain of a failed Trump presidency.
the same attorney general who held an impromptu meeting on a tarmac to discuss grandchildren
Just postpone the election until it's all sorted out.
Clinton only has herself to blame. Private email server? How stupid can you be. Not fit for president.
Just copying the previous administration, that did all this and more. And the reason is to stop the repubs going on a fishing trip of public emails - which didn't work out so well. Thing is, at heart the problem is the repubs are attack dogs, biting mindlessly; and the Dems are too reticent to jail real criminality of human rights violations and fraud.
The same attorney general who met with Bill Clinton days before Hillary's fbi interview?
LOL You literally just made the point the article was making, without even realizing it. SAD!
Shocking! Every story linked on the r/politics front page related to the emails investigation is only critical of the FBI and none of them even slightly critical of Hillary. What a coincidence!
Considering Hillary has asked them to release all of the information to clear up the situation and the FBI hasn't responded after making allegations they are to blame.
> Considering Hillary has asked them to release all of the information to clear up the situation Hillary is the one that has been deleting tens of thousands of emails and making the FBI track down concealed information. It's hilarious for her to pretend to want exposure of information. > and the FBI hasn't responded after making allegations they are to blame. They already said they are currently reviewing the evidence. Your opinion that they are somehow "to blame" for something is unsupported. The only one to really blame for this is Hillary herself and that is obvious.
If you want the FBI to stay out of your elections, then you shouldn't nominate the candidate that they're investigating.
So basically what you are saying is that if the FBI doesn't like someone who may be a candidate they can just open an investigation whether legitimate or not and that person should be automatically disqualified.
The FBI is a bi-partisan organisation. People only start claiming it favors their opponents when the decisions it makes aren't in the best interest of their respective campaigns.
They are supposed to be above politics but in this case Comey injected himself directly into the process. There was no need for him to make a public comment on an ongoing investigation. He will be lucky if he doesn't face Hatch Act charges. The complaint apparently has already been filed against him.
In this case, Comey is damned if he does and damned if he doesn't. By going public, he's aiding Trump. If he had kept quiet until after the election, he would be accused of sweeping it under the rug, colluding with Clinton, and handing her the election.
He's doing Gods work.
Makes sense because the Attorney General and Hillary are best buds. Of course Loretta wouldn't want anything bad to happen to her best friend
Probably because it's extremely damning evidence that he *couldn't* ignore.
They don't even have access to the emails nor what is in them.
We don't know how much they know.
Exactly, but there are reports that they don't have a warrant for those emails either. So they've just thrown a bomb and walked away without any indication that it is a problem or not.
It's possible they were able to obtain a certain amount of information without a warrant. Like I said, we have no idea how much they already know.
Loretta Lynch didn't Want Comey to do something potentially damaging to the Clinton campaign? Hmm you don't say...
Or she didn't want him to violate the Hatch Act and official department policy that's been in place since the 1930s.
You honestly think that if the script was flipped and Trump was under investigation, then Lynch would not be overjoyed to make it public?
There are laws and policies designed to prevent executive branch employees from using their position to influence elections. But let's run with your hypothetical. There are FBI investigations regarding Russian hacking of the DNC underway right now. Who's to say that Lynch isn't privileged to evidence linking Russia and the Trump campaign but isn't exposing it because it of the Hatch Act. Obviously we can't know for sure what Lynch would do in this case, but you can be sure Republicans would be clamoring for investigations up the ying yang if she were shown to be using executive privilege to influence the elections.
Well Comey did not testify to Congress that an investigation of Trump had ended so he would have no reason to tell Congress about a possible reason to reopen an investigation. But he did testify about Hillary's email investigation. So instead of flipping my hypothetical into a Democrat spin zone about Putin, how about you put Trump in Hillary's position and ask yourself what Loretta Lynch would want to do about it.
I think she would follow 80 years of law and department policy. And I'm sorry to have to break it to you. This is not Democrat spin zone. Here is a member of George W's former council speaking on the matter: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/30/opinion/on-clinton-emails-did-the-fbi-director-abuse-his-power.html And here is a former New York state judge and Trump supporter's opinion: http://insider.foxnews.com/2016/10/30/judge-jeanine-pirro-opening-statement-jim-comey-announcement-fbi-hillary-clinton-disgrace
It's a Democrat spin zone because no one was talking about Russia lmao Comey broke no laws by abiding his oath to congress.
If you don’t want the FBI involved in elections, don’t nominate someone who’s being investigated by the FBI.
I love the focus on Comey. Hill's plan is working here on /r/politics. The public though isn't buying it. They want to know about Hill and her inability to not be a law breaking corrupt POS. Oh and Huma will probably end up taking the fall for this. She's not going to let Hill take a hit in the pant suit for this one.
"You should be immune to the law if you are running for president!"
I agree with [Bill Clinton] (https://youtu.be/QmKkGhuYutk?t=21s). This diminishes the office of the Presidency and is indicative of a culture of corruption. [STOP HER](https://i.sli.mg/VCAdIw.png)
I'm voting for Hillary, but this still feels like her fault and it's personally hard for me to take Loretta Lynch as unbiased after her last minute tarmac meeting with Bill Clinton before the recommendation of no indictment - she's a Democrat, she wants Hillary Clinton elected. I have no idea if Comey abused his power yet, but after watching him at the Congressional hearings a few months ago, he seemed reasonably fair and balanced and thorough. He used to be a registered Republican, but I have no idea why the hell he'd want a Donald Trump Republican presidency. I think we need to wait for our pitchforks until we hear more, which will hopefully be tomorrow. Maybe Hillary fucked up more than we previously thought...the voters should know that.
Besides Iraq, Syria, Iran and Weiner? Seriously though, I don't understand how you justified to yourself that voting for someone under FBI criminal investigation is the right thing to do. But more power to you. Remember to go vote on Nov 9th.
Easy, do we elect the person under investigation for email or a person accused of sexual assault and the rape of a minor with pending trials? I'm gonna go email every time...
I'm glad you take national security as seriously as Hillary. Glad to see Trump supporters aren't the only ones who enjoy crazy conspiracy theories. I love it.
You're living in a fantasy world, national security doesn't hinge on Hillary's email. This is why people don't take sensationalist like yourself seriously.
I'm a Bernie guy. I *really* don't like Clinton as a candidate, but I'm sure as hell not voting for Trump.
I would have voted for Bernie if it were Bernie v Bush. Do you want the status quo or do you want change? I want change. Swamp Draining/Nuclear/SMOD Change.
Maybe Lynch shouldn't have talked to Bill Clinton on a private jet, for 40 minutes, while Hillary was being investigated? Maybe she shouldn't have said 'we'll accept the findings of the FBI', when the FBI can't charge anybody with a crime? Maybe this Justice Department should have been enforcing the law consistently to begin with. As a result of that either Hillary would already be out of the race, or Petraeus would have his life back. We are a nation of laws not a nation of people.
worst part is gets the moronic trumpers all riled up, who are already to stupid to actually know what's going on.
two
The same Attorney General that had a two hour long private conversation with Hillary's husband aboard a private plane on the tarmac of a random airport shortly before the initial investigation was 'concluded'... Sorry, but that incident leads me to believe that, if not partially beholden to the Clinton's, Lynch at the very least has EXTREMELY poor judgement when it comes to ethics and propriety...
Comey may lose his law license as a felon for violation of the Hatch Act, and then can't make the big bucks as a partner in a big firm. Very sad.
Appears to be partisan stuff by Comey since FBI had these since September. Hatch Act anyone? http://www.cnn.com/2016/10/30/politics/clinton-emails-fbi-abedin/index.html Edit: More... http://people.com/politics/richard-painter-files-complaint-fbi-james-comey-hillary-clinton-email-scandal-resurgance/
He should have brought this issue to a grand jury and let them decide in July. Could have avoided this massive clusterfuck 10 days before election date.
Definitely should've handled it differently it appears.
Did bill send that message along lol?
Hopefully if anything this will backfire for the GOP because it's going to scare more dems into voting. Don't be complacent! There's at least a good chance that Trump could take this thing if people don't vote.
I hope that if there's nothing there, Obama fires his ass before leaving office. This is fucking bullshit. They haven't said what the emails are, what's in them, who is in the emails. There's nothing of substance at the moment and republicans are losing their shit. They don't even have warrants for the emails. It is the height of incompetence to stir the pot like this right before the election. I could understand that if there was some damning evidence against CLINTON (not Huma or Wiener). But they have nothing yet.
he's got no warrant for the computer
Two words: Hatch Act.
suppressing the truth in an effort to help a corrupt candidate IS taking action that could influence the election.
Well given the AG is currently pleading the 5th, I'd say he did the right thing.
The top law enforcement official is telling the director of the FBI not to do his job because her candidate's crimes are so bad she can only escape them by winning the election and pardoning herself. Let that sink in. Also, don't blame Donald winning the election on crimes that Clinton and her family have committed. That's childish. However, if the first female presidential-hopeful's campaign is shafted by dick pics, I will die from laughter.
On the one hand, of course the democratic AG doesn't want the FBI to influence an election the Democrats are clearly winning. On the other hand, it realllllly is not the FBI's place to mess with the election. I'm legitimately torn on this point of contention.
Wait. Who is Anthony Weiner?
Hillary Clinton's number one aide Huma Abedin's recent ex-husband. Oh and he was a politician who is being investigated for sexting an underage girl.
Multiple under aged girls
Not completlu true, comney didnt get a subpoena from here. If she would have given it he could have went under the radar. This is all on her and clinton no matter How much you spin it
Because nothing would have healed our broken country better than if Comey had waited til Nov 9th and said, "Oh, by the way..."
Wow, I thought it was only 3 emails? 650,000! Shit! Huma has totally fucked Hillary. These people don't understand backups.
They are Anthony Weiners emails not Hillary's or Huma's.
Makes sense to revolt if he was already pissed off about being told to drop all charges last time around just because it was Hillary. *Pure speculation of course, there's no evidence to back this up.*
President Trump is going to be so good for the Canadian economy as all the US multi nationals become Canadians companies to avoid all the international counter tariffs for the ones that he has to impose.
If only there was a candidate who wasn't under an FBI investigation or who might be guilty of raping children. Oh wait there is, and I voted for him.
Who ? Lol
Ignoring how Lynch and Comey should both be looking for a new job right now, Hillary Clinton wouldn't be having these problems if she didn't do so many stupid, illegal things, and then try to cover it up and lie her way out of it repeatedly. She makes it impossible to want to vote for her, time and time again. This election blows. Can we please just start over and get 2 new candidates? At this point, a sock puppet would be a better choice than to vote for either candidate.
She's obviously done stupid things but there is no substantial evidence that she has done anything illegal.
Stop
Prove I'm wrong, then I'll stop.
The only thing not substantial is her intent. She claims she forgot some of the most basic parts of security clearance. Thats her defense! I am too stupid to be trusted with government secrets. I am too dumb to work multiple emails on a single device...
This is an easy statement to make when you don't think. She didn't do anything illegal, that's not proven. And she doesn't make it impossible to vote for her. She is the most qualified candidate, ever. And if you want to vote for a sock puppet, you can. You can also include your imaginary friend while you're at it.
Comey had no good options in this situation, and he did the right thing. As his internal memo said yesterday: There simply isn't enough time before the election to asses and report the significance of the new emails, and trying to speculate their significance would be irresponsible. As well, to say nothing would be to allow the voting public and congress to believe, *falsely*, that the July "no indictment" conclusion remains unchanged. To say nothing would be to tell an enormous, enormous lie by omission. So, in this impossible situation, Comey told congress the exact truth. They have new emails related to the investigation, are putting resources on the matter, and cannot yet assess their significance. There is nothing else he could have done. People should be disturbed, and I mean extremely disturbed, that the Clinton camp response is to try to BLAME THE FBI and attack the organization's credibility in the public eye. Whose fault is it that the FBI happened across tens of thousands of previously-undisclosed emails pertinent to an investigation into a presidential candidate, right before the election?
And it turns out to be nothing, Comey is a complete idiot.
Apparently he released information about the computer without a warrant to examine the information on the computer--- going to be real funny if the only one that ends up going to jail here is the Director of the FBI.
he definitely deserves it out of the entire email scandal this is the first criminal act I have actually seen.
Wiener is cooperating no warrant needed.
they are separated -- Any good lawyer is going to shit all over that.
New [NBC/WSJ/Marist Florida](https://twitter.com/PpollingNumbers/status/792761107618336768) Trump +9
Funny thing is, all of this could have been avoided if she didn't do what she wasn't supposed to do. And now, everyone is playing seven degrees of separation trying to pin on anyone but the person who caused all this.
You mean the Attorney General Loretta Lynch who met with Bill Clinton days before she decided if his wife would face charges in a private non-recorded private plane? That AG?
I feel like the GOP is into influencing the polls while the Democrats are into winning the election.
As a Canadian looking at this election from an outside point of view. I think Comey inserted himself without proper cause it looks like he is working to advance the Republican agenda. Hate to say it but Trump not disavowing Russia and Putin, The Wikileaks constant drip drip and now Comey coming out with this announcement so late in the game It looks rigged for the Republicans.
Yea because the republicans are the ones currently in power. Not. You do realize our attorney General plead the fifth to not incriminate herself, right?
Why you gotta lie? Because your guy is a loser? It's not going to help. Even with this quasi-illegal action, the GOP is still losing. Sad.
What did I say that was a lie? Trump tore apart the establishment republicans so bad, I doubt they will ever recover. This is a good thing. He also did it fair and square, too, unlike hillary who cheated bernie out of the primary AND THEN HIRED DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ ONTO HER CAMPAIGN LMFAO
That's actually Not True! Google it
She plead the 5th to not answer questions about the 1.7 billion dollar iran hostage affair. She also talked to Bill Clinton in a private setting on a plane, which absolutely embarrasses the entire investigation. Do you really think she wants to prosecute a case that could expose Clinton and Obama (who knew about her private server but lied about it?)
She never plead the fifth! This action by your FBI Director will be looked at an attempt to interfere with your elections. In fact a hatch inquiry has already been filed against him and if Hillary does lose because of this the world will never accept Trump as a legitimate president.
Google "did loretta lynch plead the fifth" since im too lazy to link sources, there are too many of them. Basically, from my understanding of the situation is that they originally closed the investigation and hillary got off with a slap on the wrist. Anthony Weiner (her close aide) got caught up sexting dick pics to a 15year old, when the fbi was investigating this they found more info under the folder "life insurance" that is possibly incriminating against hillary, huma, and her campaign. Hence why we saw huma crying and getting kicked off her plane. Who knows what info sparked the reopening of the investigation but they obviously found something, the hillary campaign has cancelled most of her appearances since the announcement.
you may want to actually google that yourself to see how full of bullshit you are.
Says the race baiter. Google "did loretta lynch plead the 5th". I dare you too.
HAHAHAHA-- and find what -- a few bullshit right wing sites full of BS articles in 3rd grade english written by sometime Klan members. -- Get a life sucker.
Anthony Weiner never worked for Hillary. I can see all you read is alt right, so no point responding to you. I dont have a dog in this race I'm just telling you how the world press is reporting this.
This attorney general is worse than the last one, she'll also have to resign in disgrace while under investigation.
I hope everyone understands that had the FBI Director chosen to NOT reveal the reopening of the investigation that choosing NOT to reveal this would have been to take action that could influence the election!
[MRW I'm reading all these comments](http://gifsec.com/wp-content/uploads/GIF/2015/03/Laughing-Histerically.gif)
There goes the democrats hope of winning the house and senate. Guy on TYT said it best, republicans were tied to trump and it hurt them. Now they have Obamacare premiums increase and Hillarys email scandal again. "Don't like Trump that's fine, but you have to elect us to stop obamacare and keep Hillary in line." They also have guns like always. Why democrats and liberals will not leave that issue alone is beyond me. If the democrats pass any gun control if they win a majority, they will lose big time in the mid terms. Gun control will like usual destroy the democrats.
Shoulda done it right the first time
They did. They (Gowdy and Issa) didn't get the result They wanted. Now they're grasping at straws and Comey is probably torpedoing his career in the process.
Yeah they should have arrested her for tampering and destruction of evidence and been done with it.
There needs to be a mega thread made for all of these stories questioning the actions of the FBI director's decision to reopen the email investigation.
You mean the same AG that secretly met with the target of the investigation's husband? I think she forfeited any claim to guiding this investigation in any way when she did that.
secretly?
Well she intended it to be secret.
She? didn't Bill meet with the AG on a public tarmac in Phoenix? That fact pattern doesn't really supply any evidence that "she intended it to be secret".
Haha. Ok. Put the kool aid down, son.
you: Bill secretly met with AG. Me: What do you mean? You: Hillary intended Bill's meeting to be secret. Me: Bill met with AG on public tarmac in Phoenix. You: stop drinking kool aid. I'm going to take a wild stab in the dark and assume you didn't do well in your freshman critical thinking class. Amirite?
Not releasing the information also influences the election, you duplicitous twit.
Now if we could just get obamas tax payer funded stumping for Clinton the same reaction.
Actually the Clinton campaign pays all expenses for the President.
All expenses of Air Force one? Want to correct that one or you want me to?
The investigation into the Clinton emails and Benghazi have already cost the taxpayer around 30 million dollars and have come up empty handed. Republicans really are great at using their government oversight powers to campaign against their opponents rather than governing.
Guess Clinton should have followed the law then.
The headline in my newspaper says "Clinton wants complete facts from Comey". Meanwhile, America wants complete facts from Clinton.
For now, I'm avoiding the temptation of sensational speculation and making the most sensible assumptions: * Chaffetz is a partisan flip-flopper who just happened to be his usual partisan flip-flopping self this week before Comey's announcement * Comey doesn't like Clinton on a personal level, we saw that in the color and tone of his extended editorial rebukes. * Comey is a long-tenured professional with a clean track record who doesn't let his personal likes or dislikes alter his professional judgement. * Comey received word of potentially related evidence in the Clinton case this week * Comey knew he'd already promised Congress an update if there was any status change * The potential new evidence - be it weak or strong - represents a status change, therefore Comey was compelled to update Congress. I know that's all not as juicy as the movie plots floating around, but isn't it really the most likely scenario?
One man's sensational speculation is another man's sensible assumption. Here's mine: In July, Comey said that the acitivity (creating a private server) was illegal but Clinton herself should not be prosecuted because she had no intent to commit the felony. He further warned goverment workers that even if they didn't have intent, they would be subject to severe adminstrative punishment up to and including termination. But because Clinton is no longer an employee, she is not subject to administrative penalties either. As you would expect, the rank and file FBI wasn't particularly happy with this bullshit. Agents started to ostracize Comey. If he said hello in the morning, they would just ignore him. Agents started resigning out of principle. Agents from the NY office informed him of the new evidence. He knew what a complete clusterfuck reopening the criminal investigation would be. Lynch tells him, Fuck No. Everybody else around the office starts to whisper behind his back. So the choice was to please his bosses or please his subordinates. He made his choice.
> One man's sensational speculation is another man's sensible assumption. No. That's the false equivalence that forms almost the entire "Hillary is a criminal" mythos. > Comey said that the acitivity (creating a private server) was illegal but Clinton herself should not be prosecuted because she had no intent to commit the felony. That's actually **not** what he said. He outlined a half dozen requirements for charges that any person, regardless of fame or fortune, would need to have in order to be considered for prosecution. Exactly none of those were met. He dislikes her, probably as a result of his party affiliation, but he wasnt going to maliciously try and have her prosecuted when every legal and ethical factor said not to. > He further warned goverment workers that even if they didn't have intent, they would be subject to severe adminstrative punishment up to and including termination. Again you're either misunderstanding and/or trying to dissemble a false version of what he actually said. He said that if **anyone** met the standards for prosecution, they would be prosecuted. Since that message isn't useful to Trump supporters, it's being wildly mangled. > As you would expect, the rank and file FBI wasn't particularly happy with this bullshit. That's more nonsense with the only source about "rank and file FBI" being Trump himself, a man with a 75% chance of lying with every statement. Use some common sense. A thousand plus FBI agents worked on this. If there really as a movie script style cover up, all it would take is for *one* of them to fax copies of this imaginary "evidence" to the media, and it's game over. Exactly none of the thousand plus agents did that, and that's because it doesn't exist. > Agents started to ostracize Comey. If he said hello in the morning, they would just ignore him. Agents started resigning out of principle. You're making up Trump fan fiction. Comey was hurt because a document-sifting agent didn't say "hi" in the morning? Are you just doing a parody of a Trump supporter now? Saying the investigation is "re-opened" is untrue. Ask your on-again, off-again hero Comey if the investigation is "re-opened". > Everybody else around the office starts to whisper behind his back. Is this from The Washington Post or from Sweet Valley High?
[EXCLUSIVE: Resignation letters piling up from disaffected FBI agents, his wife urging him to admit he was wrong: Why Director Comey jumped at the chance to reopen Hillary investigation](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3886942/Resignation-letters-piling-disaffected-FBI-agents-wife-urging-admit-wrong-Director-Comey-jumped-chance-reopen-Hillary-investigation.html)
He didn't say the server was illegal he said it was against policy. Big difference.
18 U.S. Code § 1924 (a) (b) (c) is not "policy", friend.
We call that "law".
That's because our attorney general wants a job under Clinton. Are you guys blind, deaf, or just fucking stupid?
So how quick you think Comey will be out of the job once Clinton is in office? If I was Clinton, his position would be the first replacement made for this shit.
Comey is the acting party here as Lynch is tainted in the investigation due to the tarmac meeting with Bill. if anyone needs to be fired immediately, it would be Lynch, as Comey is doing her job due to her own negligent behavior.
Wonder who's payroll the AG is on. Transparency would be non existent under a Clinton presidency.
That's interesting, considering that Clinton and Abedin's lawyers are pressing for the DOJ to get a warrant and review the emails immediately.
I can't believe how dysfunctional our government is where the FBI, the freaking FBI, can't coordinate with the candidates running or the Attorney General. I fully understand how 9/11 could've happened now.
r/politics is so biased. This is disgusting. How is no one addressing this?
I am no Clinton fan, but Comey should be fired FOB Monday for this incredible piece of knuckle-fuckery. The dude knew this kind of shit would be blown completely out of proportion and the facts would vanish in a whirlwind of opinion. He knew it was guaranteed to blow the whole fucking electoral dynamic up again for no good reason at all. He and his minions *have not even looked at these emails yet*. They *may not even contain anything related to Clinton*. What the everliving dinosaur fuck, Comey? Yet for some reason he did it anyway. He should not have a job he cannot perform. Edit: downvoted by Trump voters, I assume. Anyone care to illuminate?
You really think he would do this based on iffy information. No way on Earth. It is crazy to even think he would take this move without some substance.
And yet, *he did.*
> They may not even contain anything related to Clinton This is unlikely, as the information was relayed to the FBI by the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York, who subpoenaed Anthony Weiner and discovered those emails in the first place.
Had you clicked through to the link, you'd have seen the cross-head reads: >One report suggests the newly discovered cache of emails did not include any messages to or from Hillary Clinton herself, but the revelations have rocked her presidential campaign So maybe it's not so unlikely.
Let's tackle this with careful logic. Your statement: "may not even contain anything **related** to Clinton The cross-head of that article: "did not include any messages to or from Hillary Clinton herself" That does not infer that the messages are **unrelated** to Clinton.
You sure got me there. ;)
well if a possible candidate broke the law i think we should know, so yea it should influence the election
Yay!!! Let's have a government that spends all it's time on tax payer funded partisan investigations that don't reveal anything significant but raise enough of a cloud of suspicion to distract and influence voters. Both parties can do it. It will be fun.
Obviously there's major problems in DOJ. These problems were created by the democrats and some very stupid republicans. The FBI today is nothing like it was back under Hoover. This isn't your grandpa's FBI. Their job is to know proper procedure inside and out across the nation. Comey has consistently failed to follow proper procedure and lied to the American people about his authoritative power under the law. The FBI are the ones the public calls on if there is bias and criminal misconduct by law enforcment, prosecution or the courts. They are supposed to go after crooked agents who bribe politicians or look the other way when politicians break the law. They aren't suppose to care if this makes them "uncool." Loretta Lynch is not any better than Comey, it's not like Bill Clinton snuck on board her airplane without her knowledge. She knew what she was doing by not kicking him off. Her actions are an embarrassment and her inability to remain unbiased politically is alarming.
Don't even mention Hoover if you are talking about impartiality. The man had files on everyone in Washington and used them to impose his will on politicians. The only reason he survived as long as he did was through using the FBI for his personal surveillance on politicians to blackmail them. The was a guy who was gay and did everything he could to persecute gays.
I didn't say I agreed with his agenda, he just ran the FBI extremely well. Thus the J. Edgar Hoover FBI building. Right now the FBI is a joke, and not one of those ha-ha funny jokes. They aren't making Americans safer either. I honestly think Comey might worship Satan. I'm sorry, but I do. I imagine there's a fat woman who only shows up to work 3 days out of the week and takes 15 minute breaks every half an hour whose to blame for all of this too. Someone with union seniority that can't ever be fired who sits and files her nails all day and refuses to answer the phone caused this to happen. I can feel. Some very important phone calls were missed several years ago thanks to this woman changing the course of the FBI forever. Call it a hunch...
Saying the FBI should keep everything secret until after the election because it might influence voters is pretty much a huge insult to everyone who votes because it says you all are too stupid to make a rational judgement based on the facts.
Well, we kind of are.
Given the fact that Loretta Lynch tried to have a secret meeting with Bill Clinton on a plane before the original decision was announced, I think Comey made the right decision. She can't be trusted to be objective at all.
The same attorney general that met with Bill Clinton before the first investigation? Ya don't say...
Not just Attorney General advice but also standard DOJ practice. Hell they don't even submit *subpoenas* within 60 days let alone announce a new investigation.
I feel like the key word here is *practice*
How is "influencing the election" a bad thing, especially when it's to expose Clinton criminal behavior? Nobody seems to care when the anytime broke the law published a tax return from 20years ago that bas zero relevance.
It might be different in Russia but in the US we convict based on evidence of criminal activity. We hold trials in courts of law.
It's a bad thing b/c they haven't shown a fucking thing about Clinton. They acting like Trump: there are some emails there, we think, we have our best people looking into it. blah blah blah. Produce some actual information and let the voters decide.
James and the giant fuckup ...
Yeah, Loretta Lynch is part of the problem. No wonder he ignore her.
Finally some sound judgment in this scandal.
Ppp
[deleted]
er... that's what happens every time a new President is elected.
Why would a law enforcement official take the advice of a political appointee when that advice is to hold off on doing something that might influence their party's chances in the election? What if the roles were reversed, and this was a Bush appointed AG telling the FBI head not to go forward with a case against John McCain? Not saying the guy isn't playing politics, but it's ridiculous to say that political candidates should be immune to law enforcement while they're running.
Why is nobody listening that these email releases are exactly what Putin wants?
Is this wait you're paid to spin now?
Good for him. Would be weird to listen to AG Lynch who met Bill Clinton on a tarmac for 38 minutes while she was investigating his wife for a crime and claimed they only talked about golf and grandchildren.
And the odds are still overwhelmingly in favor of Clinton. Every model except 538 have her at over 90%.
The FBI and Comey have lost all credibility as a law enforcement agency. They now stand as a Praetorian guard trying to make an American Caesar.
Yeah we should keep digging up clips of Trump saying raunchy things instead and sweep Hillary's crimes under the rug. What truly disgusts me is how many of you wanted Hillary in prison until she beat Sanders and became the nominee. The cognitive dissonance is strong in you people. Now you're her knights and pretend she's done nothing wrong while flooding the front page with Donald Trump being Donald Trump like it's news. The real tragedy is that they waited until Sanders was out of the picture to finally do something noteworthy, not that Trump can benefit from the latest results. Hillary herself said the American people have a right to know. If someone is under criminal fucking investigation it should be known. You're no better than a fascist if you think this issue needs to be downplayed or shouldn't have been revealed until after the election so we get President Kaine and the first female President was in office for a couple weeks and was a criminal. The Democratic party deserves to lose to Trump for having an insulting platform and candidate when the policies people want and candidate that championed them were ignored. They are every bit as disgusting as the Republicans and you are a fool if you think they give a shit about you. I was a Democrat my whole life and I'm not support the party any longer until everyone running it now is out.
Why does the AG concerned about the election? She should be following the law no matter what.
Because Washington DC has been a cesspool, a swamp, for decades now.
To adjust the common memes: lock Comey up, he's a traitor. Lets make it happen!
I think we need a more independent state right behind the US as a form of backup
[BREAKING] (http://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/presidential-races/303502-fbi-agents-knew-of-emails-weeks-before-comey-did-report#): FBI Agents Knew Of Emails For Weeks
And I bet the fact that the AG is close friends of the Clinton's, even being appointed by them as a special prosecutor back in the day, has nothing to do with it. Maybe they need to meet in another airplane.
The attorney general is just another corrupt Clinton puppet who is probably under FBI investigation herself. Comey did it for a reason.
shame this news paper is called the Independent, independent how?
Can't influence elections? Sorry, but this email thing is exactly what influences anything even without elections. It's a lose lose situation for Comey, but the reasoning of it is undeniable since he would face allegations of covering up details since it does add something to the equation... I agree with the Clinton campaign statement though to release what they do know so voters can be made aware of the situation through the media.
I dislike Clinton and suspect she should be indicted, even so, I'll still vote for her over a dangerous authoritarian lunatic like Trump.
You would rather vote for a criminal with a long list of people around her committing suicide, her party caught on tape admitting to bussing people around to vote(and illegal collusion between her campaign and super PACs) a war mongering neocon, and also a proven liar? Her husband is a huge sexual predator that has lied under oath and was about to be impeached before stepping down. Thanks bill for teaching me what a blow job was when I was a kid. A vote for her is a vote for institutionalized corruption. A vote for Trump is a vote for redemption. He literally has a plan to get term limits for congress passed, and other things he has in his contract. Him writing a contract with the people will keep him honest. Clinton will sell us out to wall street. She wants a hemispheric country with open borders and cheap labor for her billionare donors. Its like voting ourselves into slavery if we have Clinton as president.
You listed Clinton's faults, although some of those are her husbands, which is irrelevant to me. Trumps faults are just a long, and he has not demonstrated any degree of honesty. There is no way to know what he actually intends to do as President. Trump also thinks that climate change is *not* real. This is probably the biggest challenge we face, and he thinks it isn't real!! His VP choice is unacceptable(right wing Christian asshole).
Trump has written up a contract that lists his agenda for the first year he is in office. He released this at Gettysburg, and we can hold him accountable if he breaks it. If a candidate's husband is a bonafide sexual predator and this does not bother you, I don't really know how to convince you that it should but it just goes to show the clintons arent the best people, or as moralistic as they claim to be. Global warming is a problem, but we cant let it affect our economy and finances the way clinton wants (carbon taxes, 55mph max speed limits, more regulations on businesses) I would argue the healthcare crisis is more important than global warming right now (with rates doubling!). Also, pence is pretty hardline christian but he does work for Trump who is very moderate so I believe he will be kept in check during his presidency.
"Affect the election" such BS way of speaking. There's a thing called the [butterfly effect](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Butterfly_effect) - we all affect the election.
What a dumb post. This has a direct impact on the election. That's what they mean.
Is this the same Attorney General that had an undisclosed meeting with a candidates husband during the run, and so had to recuse herself from the original case about the emails and leave it in the hands of Comey to begin with?
Maybe Clinton shouldn't have set up a private email server to communicate classified material.
FBI IS WRONG... this is why... 1. If they were investigating Hillary's emails why were these not already looked at during investigation. 2. Every time the FBI finds emails associated w Hillary Clinton are they going to investigate it. 3. There are 535 congress members do we get to look at all their emails also?? 3. Hillary's server was never hacked during her term as SOS and was found to be more secure than the Fed servers. 4. If you are going on what wikileaks found, how do you know the emails weren't tampered w before they were released. 5. Even if wikileaks tampered w them, nothing found wrong. 6. Now lets remember Hillary Clinton is for America and the American people. She has admitted her mistakes. All thee without something to hide shall cast the first stone. Hillary s an open book. On the other hand Trump can't even show his taxes, let's read all his email tooooo..
> Hillary's server was never hacked during her term as SOS and was found to be more secure than the Fed servers. Source? This is the first I heard that it was more secure than official servers.
This reads to me that Hillary's email could have been hacked but never was. Every thing I read states this. If our gov server is hacked 100,000 times a day, and Hilarys could have been but wasn't.. To me this say's Hillarys server was more secure.. https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/fbi-no-evidence-clintons-email-was-hacked-by-foreign-powers-but-it-could-have-been/2016/07/05/93334ba0-42dc-11e6-8856-f26de2537a9d_story.html
It must be something really big for him to do this.
He literally knows nothing, as he doesn't have a warrant to actually read the emails yet.
[deleted]
it's not Carlos Danger's computer--- sorry Fox "news", warrant needed
Interesting; I hadn't seen that yet. Still, though, on Friday afternoon, he didn't have permission and he let this bomb drop without having any concrete information. And then he stayed radio silent instead of clarifying.
its not the emails have nothing to do with clinton. Actually read into the details, he was doing this at the behest of the GOP to damage Dems.
You would think so, but he said he has absolutely no information about them, hasn't even seen them
