As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil) * Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks) * Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail. * In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users. * Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not. Incivility results in escalating bans from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own. *** *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
He was hobbled by his disability. The one that kept him out of the draft for Vietnam...
Syphilis? Yeah, that'll fuck up your brain.
Turns out it was a mental disability (no offense to people with mental disabilities)
I didn't know either..... >.>;
I still don't!
I didn't know, but I'm from Canada. It only took me like 2 seconds to pick up the definition from the context clues though. Funny how Trump can rise so high while being so dim.
Years of cocaine abuse or sleep deprivation -- take your pick.
More likely some sort of amphetamine dressed up as "diet pills." It's entirely possible he's a junky and too stupid to even know it because he has a prescription.
Context is typically lost on narcissists like Trump.
Oh they're Jewish right? Yeah I get it, gold star!
No, that's just a sheriff's star.
I know, but like how is this possible. Khan: I lost my son in the war... Media: Gold Star Family Trump: Maybe his wife can't talk, she might not be allowed. The only context Trump picked up was the tone of the man's skin.
You sure that isn't Muslim culture he picked up on?
Literally doesn't see people as individuals. Thanks for proving the point.
Lol, and Asians eat rice too.
They do
TIL I'm Asian. It's more accurate to say *most* Asians eat rice, or just *most people* eat rice.
Most people live in Asia bud. You're repeating yourself.
Well, that's true, [as this image points out](http://i.imgur.com/CK6aONG.jpg).
Proving what point? You can see people as individuals, but speculate based on actions, beliefs, and statistically significant trends. I know as well as anyone that Trump is an empty-headed narcissist, but if the thought "I wonder how she's treated behind closed doors, given her body language and silence" didn't cross your mind watching the Khans on stage, you're just being willfully ignorant about the problems of Islam and the majority of Islamic cultures.
That's a lot of words to play apologetics for prejudice.
Fundamentalist Islamic beliefs are misogynist. Islamic countries legislate misogyny. It's bizarre watching liberals support and defend a misogynistic culture.
Funny, coming from the guy who rarely allows his wife to speak.
He literally put his first wife under a gag order as a condition of their divorce settlement. http://www.upi.com/Archives/1992/06/30/Trump-can-sue-Ivana-for-violating-gag-order/7036709876800/ https://news.google.com/newspapers?nid=1914&dat=19921022&id=aQogAAAAIBAJ&sjid=K2UFAAAAIBAJ&pg=1516,5593023&hl=en
The king of projection indeed.
To be fair, I'm sure he hated his name too.
KHAAAAAAANNN!!!! -Trump, probably
Eh I was in the Corps for 7 years and didn't know what a gold star family was for a while. I heard it but just assumed it was something to do with a general.
Sure and that's fine for you or me. We aren't running to be POTUS and blowing up at people without doing a minimum amount of research. I mean, it isn't even that he didn't know . Everyone learns something for the first time at some point. It's the way he reacted without learning anything about them. He saw the headscarf, he saw the skin tone, he heard their name and that was all he needed.
Hillary was First Lady, a senator and Secretary of State and she didn't know C was for classified.
>“You do know you just attacked a Gold Star family?” an adviser reportedly asked Trump, who simply replied, “What’s that?” Literally the best the Republican party could do, folks.
It's what the voters wanted. I guess the Republicans should have stolen from the Democrat playbook and conspired against him.
I'm not a Trump supporter but that's not really how primaries work. Are you saying Hillary was the best that Democrats could do? I'd argue that Bernie would be doing better than her.
Still better than Twilight. Which is still better than Nickelback. Which is still better than Ted Cruz.
Not remotely true. The Republican Party could have done a lot better. But Trump is what they did. Not the best they could do. Trump is an unqualified moron and sexual predator but the Republican Party does have legitimate candidates they could have chosen.
> unqualified moron and sexual predator Only on pro-hilary /r/politics can you get away with such a shit low effort comment. "sexual predator" really? Bunch of claims, zero proof, all allegations. Should we just charge everyone and immediately throw them in jail with no due process if there was a rape claim?
There will be due process when he's in court in December for raping a 13 year old. There's also the confession he made on tape about how he frequently commits sexual assault. Combined with the numerous tapes of him making predatory comments about young girls such as "I'm going to be dating her" and his inappropriate comments about his daughters. But all that and i haven't even gotten to the what is it? A dozen women who have come forward and accused him of sexual assault? I don't recall ever denying him due process though. Please source that claim for me. I don't recall posting that. BTW, I'm not voting for Clinton or Trump so I wouldn't read this as a pro-Hillary post. An anti-Trump post maybe. But as long as he opposes constitutional rights, exhibits zero experience,knowledge or qualifications for the job and fails to answer for his years of sexual assault on women...then yeah I'll be anti-Trump.
It is absolutely true. The Republican Party put out candidates and its' party members voted for him over every other viable candidate. This was the best they could do, they bred this candidate by years of seclusion from every demo that wasn't white, Christian male. Trump is the embodiment of the Republican Party. He is everything they secretly want and don’t have the courage to say. Enjoy this suck fest Pubs, you've earned it.
Are we forgetting that he was voted in by citizens?
There was nothing stopping the GOP changing their rules and maybe losing a few million votes for one cycle. Instead they officially decided to become the far-right party with their far-right nominee.
... Democracy? To not piss off every person who voted for Trump? Since that obviously the majority?
It's a political party. Primaries are advisory. It's not like most voters in the primaries were even paid up members. At the very least they should have to sign a statement committing themselves to the values of the party if it's an open primary, that's what PS and Les Republicains do for their open primaries (there's a €1/2 fee too).
You act like any of that would matter if they chose to elect someone other than Trump. People would have just felt jilted.
And that would have been the right thing to do. Instead they decided to accept their future as a far-right party, and put the country, and world, in danger.
It's still the people-who-voted's fault. Although, I'm sure most of them don't see anything wrong with their decision.
Oh sure, I agree, the 45% of primary voters are to blame. At least Cruz wouldn't have cheered on while Russia invaded us over here.
Still doesn't mean he's the best. If people always made good decisions then nobody would smoke, there'd be no drunk drivers, and we would have no need for prisons.
I wasn't defending him - but the GOP technically isn't the reason he is a serious contender, other than maybe letting him run in the primaries at all. I think Trump is far from the best. Pretty close to the worst, actually.
I had never heard the term until this election.
Sad!
Low energy.
But it had an exclamation point at the end!
I'm an American and this was the first time I've ever heard of it.
appreciate the honesty which is a rare commodity here in r pol. Most people defending Khan probably had no clue either. it was just politically convenient. BTW r pol nice job flushing Huma gate down the memory hole.
Anything concrete from that yet? No, just like all your delusional conspiracies? Carry on then.
Why would any military folks support this guy when he clearly has no regard for service.
Because someone not knowing what a gold star family is vastly different than someone whose actions and negligence has literally gotten their brothers killed.
To be fair, the other side doesn't either.
They at least treat heroes with respect even if it is only lip service
Because the alternative will send them to war with Russia.
Send us to war with a nation with 7000 nuclear warheads? Sounds like something Hillary would do. /s
It does to the military which is why 95% of them will be voting for trump.
You've got a poll for that?
http://www.militarytimes.com/articles/this-poll-of-the-us-military-has-gary-johnson-tied-with-donald-trump-in-the-race-for-president
So he's actually doing slightly worse with the military than with the general public?
That's sure what it looks like. Turns out that attacking veterans and military families doesn't endear you to the armed forces
It's something she has said she wants to do. She has said she wants a no-fly zone over Syria. Making that happen would require going to war with both Russia and Syria. Russian is there by invitation from Syria. We aren't. We helped destabilize and would be recognized as the "bad guy" in that confrontation. We don't even have the moral high ground. Picking a war with Russia and Syria would mean committing both air power and ground troops. The Russian air defenses (S-300 and S-400) are no joke. They are specifically designed to defeat stealth systems and there's a good chance they would work against our F-22s and F-35s, probably even against our B-2s. The Russian air force is also no joke. The SU-27, 30, 35, 37 are all newer planes than our F-15/16/18s and will straight up out perform ours in a dogfight. Our F-22 can smoke them but we only built 186 of those. In short, we would be looking at a war where we took a lot of air losses and lost a lot of capability very quickly. Then there are our carriers. We would almost certainly use them for a large part of our air campaign. The F-18 is the best plane we have that can be carrier launched and it is g-limited to 7 gravities. The Su planes are capable of taking 9 gravities. Our naval air wings would be sadly outmatched against the Russians. We would not be able to defend our naval forces from a determined air attack. The Russians (and Chinese) have developed weapons specifically to defeat our carriers. One of these is the KH-22 Kitchen missile. A few of these and we lose our carriers along with about 5000 American lives. These can easily kill our other surface ships. A war with Russia would be bloody as hell for us. Limiting to conventional weapons (unlikely) we would eventually win, but not without suffering tremendous loss in military capability and in military lives.
If a war between Russia and America breaks out, China will fight with Russia. After they win, they would tax us for war charges for the next 100 years. They would make so much money off of us, if there is even anything left of us of course. It would be a disaster.
It's weird how many liberals don't seem to understand that *America caused the migrant crisis in Europe.* It's like, they hate America, but at the same time they can't imagine that we'd ever be "the bad guy" in an international scuffle.
That might be the most ridiculous thing I've seen anyone say about either candidate.
What do you think the result of a no fly zone is Syria is?
The result will likely be that the Russians and Assad will stop flying over Syria. If their planes get shot down they will back off before an actual conflict like they did last year in Turkey. They know damn good and well that they don't stand a chance against NATO.
HAHAHAHAHAHA, if a war breaks out, it's going to be Russia, China, and India on one side. Let that sink in. Plus Assad.
India doesn't even support Assad, have any involvement in the Syrian civil War, or have any strong military ties to Russia beyond arms trading agreements, which are far smaller than those with the US and other NATO powers. They also have close ties with Great Britain which would certainly be on our side. I'm not certain why you believe they would join Russia in a hypothetical conflict. China is close to Russia, but ultimately they are closer to the US. Both are the country's largest trade partners and are economically dependant on one another. China holds 10% of US National debt. A war with the US would take them back to the pre-Deng era over night. Xi Jinping stated publicly that conflict with the US would be disastrous. There is a reason why China hasn't invaded Taiwan. And even still, the combined power of NATO is greater than that of any other combination of countries. It accounts for 70% of the world military spending. Without trade access to both the US, UK, and EU, countries start to look like North Korea. Great powers learned their lesson in 1945. Do you genuinely believe that the Syrian Civil War is a more contentious conflict than the Cuban Missile Crisis?
She said she wants to use military action against Russia, and the left highly criticizes Trump for wanting to be friends with Russia
Because he has a keener military mind than any of our military leaders, despite having no experience. Just trust him on this.
This. He knows more about ISIS and shit than ANY of the generals. ANY OF THEM.
I didn't know either. I must be an awful human being.
You're not running for President, big difference
I wouldn't say that, but I also can't say I'd vote for you.
I didn't know the term either until we all started talking about the Khans earlier this year. It's pretty easy to figure out from context, though.
I'm American and a Afghan war vet and I didn't know what the hell a "gold star family" was.
veteran here as well and had no idea what that meant until i looked it up just now.. we must be dicks!
Whoever the Republican party fields in 2020, at least they can say they aren't Trump.
Outside of grabbing women by the $%^& and the various flavors of tictacs. Trump isnt intellectually curious and doesnt know much, he boasts about loving the poorly educated
It's ok, you can say pussy on the internet
Is that really surprising?
No, but the point needs to get made over and over again- Trump supporters are supporting someone with the mental age of a toddler.
But so are they, so it's kind of a kindred spirits thing. Trump being dumb is heartwarming for them. We're pretty screwed even if he loses.
This isn't as huge of a deal as it seems. Trump is a vile, awful person, but not knowing that term isn't even close to the worst thing he's done.
I've only ever heard of gold star gays.
Niether did I
You're not running for president. ...Are you?
same
I'm sure there's a giant list of things Trump doesn't know.
Turns out Trump doesn't like this guy because his hands are so big. Look at the picture. The dude's hands are massive.
So I look at it like this. After reading the article and the comments, seems like a lot of people have no idea what a gold star family is, and that's fine. From context, one can catch on to what it is. But something like that, or national security or the economy or government agencies and programs, it's fine if people don't know what they are because most of us don't work in government. But if your running for president, I truly believe that that person should know what almost all of those things are, and the intricacies of them, because that is there job to know. I don't think one should run for office with little knowledge of a lot of what goes on within government. As a private citizen, Trump can be excused for not knowing these things. As a presidential candidate, he comes off very ignorant and leaves me with no faith that if he hasn't learned these things by now (which I'm sure with intelligence briefings he's gotten more knowledgeable) he just will refuse to learn a lot of what he should. I think he will just be proficient enough in these things to get by. I'm not a huge fan of Hillary, but at least she knows her stuff. But for shear lack of knowledge and the way he shows his ignorance about certain subjects, I can't see me voting for Trump ever.
not many people do... But lets not forget Hillary didnt know what "C" meant...
She knew what it meant. But in the emails she received without classified headers/section markings, she assumed a random (c) in plaintext was an ordinary section marker. E.g. [here](https://wikileaks.org/plusd/cables/10DHAKA2_a.html), where if you ignore the classified markings you see something like: > 2\. (C) Prior to the majlish, Jamaat-e-Islami Assistant Secretary General Abdur Razzaq contrasted Jamaat's intentions with That was only the case with 2-3 emails, and it was later found that they had been declassified, but not completely stripped of their markings. The material was innocuous, involving call sheets for calls she participated in with world leaders.
That's something donald has going for him. He knows (c) on an application means "coloreds".
Neither did any of you?
I didn't I'm a veteran, I had to google it.
You're pretty fucking clueless for a vet. You disgrace those who have died in the line of duty and their families.
That's incivil
So is being unaware of what a gold star means.
I only just bothered googling it now. From context, I gathered it was something to do with their son dying in Iraq, but out of context I'd have guessed everyone in the family did really really well in preschool. Sounds fucking childish.
How the fuck is it "incivil" to not know what "gold star family" means?
The list of things I don't know is pretty big, I have google, so I manage.
Maybe while you were at home reading books he was serving our country. This comment should get you banned. I've seen people get banned permanently for attacks far less personal on this sub. You should be ashamed of yourself.
You know what his family would have had if he'd been killed? A gold star. Who's disrespectful here - me or the ones who have no idea what that means.
Dude what the fuck.
- I didn't - I'm a veteran One of these two is a lie. Given that I never saw you claim to be a veteran before today, but you've done so twice now, I know what I'm betting on.
Hillaryous, I am a desert storm vet.
You could have just stated it, but you had to throw in a partisan jab... I hope you're not genuinely curious why users find your posts hostile.
My posts are not at all hostile. I'm not a Hillary supporter, if you consider me having a different opinion than you hostile that's a pretty odd perspective. We disagree about Hillary, that shouldn't be considered hostile..
I wasn't referring exclusively to this post. You're a regular and I've seen your posts plenty before. You like to needle people. Just own it, man.
Please tell me you're joking. Just because he doesn't flaunt he's a veteran doesn't mean he isn't. I'm currently in the military and didn't know what it was.
I'm military and hadn't heard the term either, but I was able to use context clues to figure it out immediately.
same
Glad you're not running to be Commander in Chief.
Right? That'd be almost as bad as if they were in a highly sensitive cabinet position and couldn't even recognize "classified" markings on documents.
Ah yes, the infamous C marking. We actually know a bit more about that now. These were portions of unclassified information copied by a staffer from a classified source and appended to an e-mail, with a non-standard C marking on the side to indicate the portions which came from a classified source. While the information isn't classified in itself, it becomes classified because of the source, but that's not something you would know by just looking at the text of the e-mail. So that's one talking point quite neatly done away with. The rest of the e-mails were classified after the fact or up-classified by other departments upon review and were not marked classified in any way at the time. This is standard practice as classification of material is controlled by the department which produces the information, and as such different standards exist and are overwritten retroactively constantly.
Confidential. The entire three-tier system is classification. If you don't know what you're talking about, maybe you shouldn't be talking.
Don't disagree at all. They both are horrible candidates but IMHO she far more qualified than someone who has spent his entire career screwing over the working class, intimidating everyone with lawsuits, dodged the draft and has acted like a petulant child for his entire life. At least she is a wonk and has a clue about domestic and foreign policy (whether I agree with the policy is a different subject, but at least she is knowledgeable)
neither did I - so what?
Are you running for president??
no but i'm an american, a veteran, and have never heard of a gold star family before this ridiculous post
There are lots of reasons to fault Trump for knowing literally nothing about public policy, or what the government is, or the powers of public officials, but this is not one of them. I grew up in the military, I follow politics very closely, I never heard the term "Gold Star family" before this incident. You don't even need to know the term to know that you don't attack the patriotism of the family who has lost a service member. Just like you don't need to know what the Q in LGBTQ means to know to not attack people for their sexuality. What he did is wrong and shows the faulty nature of his character. That he didn't know the label is insignificant.
A what? I read that article and I still don't know what a "Gold Star family" is.
This surely will sink trump
Why would he, it's not like he needs to be considerate about anyone
trump doesn't know anything he is a complete moron
Literally every post on r/politics is anti-trump. This is all very gross.
I dont even like trump but its clear this sub got bought and paid for a long ass time ago
Or maybe you're the one who was bought to incept the idea that the sub is rigged
Last time i checked there is literally a Super Pac pumping millions of dollars to go on the internet and "correcting" stuff I wish i was bought and paid for. At least then i could pay more of my college loans off.
That's not how it works though. Shitposting is not correcting misconceptions. Conspiracies can enter the mainstream understanding, but only when they are factually correct.
[Or it could be a reflection of the users.](http://iop.harvard.edu/youth-poll/harvard-iop-fall-2016-poll)
Reddit has always been liberal, and the GOP nominee makes gaffes every time he steps outside. It is possible that there are bots here, but I doubt that they would completely change the landscape of this sub, when it was already liberal to begin with. The dickriding of Putin from a year ago, that shit was far more suspicious.
Although true reddit as always been pretty liberal, the fact is that literally anything negative about Clinton, warranted or not, began disappearing after the primaries finished. Any kind of scandal of hers got relegated to mega threads and original threads deleted. We have multiple trump articles about the same damn thing on the front page of this sub every day. We have articles shitting on Comey that dont get deleted, but if its an article that isnt shitting on him or its an article about him and the emails it gets instantly removed and put in a "mega thread" There is an obvious bias here that has gotten WAY out of hand. Nothing is neutral anymore in this sub.
> Any kind of scandal of hers got relegated to mega threads You must not have been here for the year-plus of Benghazi and Emailgate dominating the entire front page every single day. You must not have been here two weeks ago when the Pussy Grabbin' video dropped and those *thousands* of stories were pushed into mega-threads. You must not have been here since Clinton took a commanding lead in the polls when all polling stories showing her leading are lumped into megathreads. Or you were here, but you've fallen victim to your own confirmation bias.
> Although true reddit as always been pretty liberal, the fact is that literally anything negative about Clinton, warranted or not, began disappearing after the primaries finished. Because Sanders lost, and only thing stopping Trump is Clinton, I'm not on her side by choice. But anything to stop a demagogue dumbass from taking the white house and getting free reign to choose a SCOTUS. >Any kind of scandal of hers got relegated to mega threads and original threads deleted. True, but I'd chalk this up to mods being biased rather than paid off. I'm not saying that's any better, but it's the more likely of the two.
Does that make it better or worse?
How would it make it better?
That excuse does not work, he continued to do it after they had an opportunity to explain to the idiot.
Fucking shit article ALSO doesn't explain. The fuck is a "Gold Star" family and why should I care? Looked it up, it means somebody in your family died in Iraq. So in the same way as the family of a pedophile are ALL pedophiles, the family of a soldier are ALL heroes. Makes sense.
No, it comes from US Service Flags and has been around since WW1. You used to hang a flag in your window with a Blue Star for each immediate family member serving in the war, a Gold Star for each immediate family member who died serving in the war. And its not about heroism, its about sacrifice.
Uh. People die in lathe accidents, do they get a special star? What about pizza delivery drivers who get shot on the job? Are they honored with shiny baubles? Why the fuck not? Soldier today is just another job, at least the ones in Iraq. They're mercs, not defenders of the constitution. They're putting America in greater danger by what they are doing, and profiting only the oligarchy. People need to get off their high horse about today's military. Their only sacrifice is how stupid they are to be caught up in such an obvious scam. Call me when North Korea invades, until then a gold star is a badge of dishonor and gullibility.
> Uh. People die in lathe accidents, do they get a special star? What about pizza delivery drivers who get shot on the job? Are they honored with shiny baubles? Why the fuck not? And people wonder why she called them "deplorables"...
People who die in lathe accidents aren't prepared to lay down their lives in lathe accidents. I am largely opposed to foreign blunders like the wars in Iraq but show some respect for the dead.
The dead deserve zero respect, that's stupid. Just cause some idiot is prepared to lay down his life to defend money, doesn't make him a moral hero. Have some respect for the *living*.
r/iamverysmart
Hur hur, I spend a third or more of my hard-earned income so some shithead defense contractors can run up billions in cost overruns to help make the world less safe for my children, but this loser isn't supporting the troops, so he's dumb.
>The dead deserve zero respect, that's stupid. It's this part that makes you sounds like you "studied the blade"
Dead people are dead. They don't give a shit. Respect the living, ignore the dead, they are dead.
Soldiers don't choose the wars they fight
They can quit once they find out they're being used as tools to make people rich at the expense of American lives and the safety of the country. They become complicit by not doing so.
You can't 'quit' the military. You have contracts. You have to fulfill the contracts. And things become complicated once you've been in the military. It isn't that simple.
Just quit. Are you willing to give your life for the country or not? If so, do the brave thing and quit. What you'll take a bullet to protect money they isn't yours and to help create more terrorists to threaten America but you won't face prison to keep Americans safe? Whoah, what a hero you must be!
'Quitting' is a felony, unless your contract is out. It's a serious crime. and if you think there isn't soldiers out there that don't sign back on, then you're wrong. And not all of the military is foot soldiers - there are a ton of people with civilian jobs that are contracted to the army, and people who join to take advantage of the GI bill. And when it comes down to it, it's a war somebody has to fight, and some people rather take that responsibility than pawn it off on somebody else. I rarely respect the reasons America has for its wars, but I do respect the men that fight them. It is something I couldn't ever do.
Better to go to jail for desertion than to put your own country at risk by not. That's real heroism. What's happening is cowardly mercs unwilling to sacrifice themselves to defend their nation but perfectly willing to die defending their master's money at the cost of the safety of their own citizens. No thanks.
You think one soldier deflecting is going to do anything? Not even slightly. There will always be someone to take their place. The war will still be fought either way. Why ruin your life over it?
They can't just quit. Desertion is a felony that has a maximum punishment of death during wartime. Source: http://military.findlaw.com/criminal-law/failure-to-report-for-duty-awol-and-other-charges.html
So it's not a choice for cowards who are afraid of the consequences, but people who are brave and have principles can quit just fine. Yep, just like I said.
You act like you just "quit" the military. It does not work that way buddy. Discharge from a military unit is not reliant on whether you do or do not want to on some personal stance.
Sure you can. Just stop participating, take your punishment. Are these people cowards? Is that what you are saying?
Until the Kahn kerfuffle I thought a Gold Star was the sticker the kindergarten teacher put on your assignment when you got all the questions right.
I'd well believe it, unless it affects him directly, he knows fuck all...
It's a really condescending term. I never heard of it before the fracas either.
How is it condescending?
A gold star is something you give to a toddler for pooping in the potty.
Edgy, but not necessarily true.
And you are the caliber of people who are voting for Trump.
Dumb
Yes, exactly.
Because they're a Trump fan.
>condescending term no it's not. It's been used for generations by those families.
Holy shit? Is this for real? Unbelievable. Is he under investigation by the FBI yet? Oh no, that's right... That would be Hillary Clinton.
