As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil) * Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks) * Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail. * In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users. * Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not. Incivility results in escalating bans from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own. *** *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I quite like the fifth item on the conspiracy list: > In May, Trump informed the citizens of Fresno that there was no water shortage in their state — the government was just diverting all the water into the ocean to save a bunch of endangered fish. “It is so ridiculous where they’re taking the water and shoving it out to sea,” Trump said. “There is no drought. They turn the water out into the ocean.” There is no drought in California. The government is just dumping all the water into the ocean so the fish have more space.
Wtf. My 3 year old cousin would question that statement
So on top of all the other horrible shit now he's threatening the peaceful coexistence the human being and fish have enjoyed since Bush Jr worked so hard to achieve it. The one good thing that came out of the Bush administration and Trump wants to piss it all away for a few votes in a state he won't win.
I knew it.
Trump isn't the first person to say that either.
I'll just quote the latest debunked email from Grandma >"I tried to check this out, but was not successful. Therefore, it's unproven. However, I have little doubt it happened! "
I actually thought that Trump was a low-key genius for turning the game on its head and winning the primaries in a way no one thought possible. I legitimately thought that even if he wasn't smart in the conventional sense, he had an incredible talent to draw in people who agreed with him with some form of charisma. This quote proves to me once and for all that he's dumber than a rock and humanity is doomed.
Yeah, right. Speaking as someone in Central Cal, when you have very little rain and insufficient snow in the mountains (most of our water is snowmelt), winter after winter, *you don't have enough water.* "Well, you need more dams, to hold water!" we hear. *WHAT WATER?!* We don't have water to put IN the damn dams! Good luck on getting your food. There's enough for the local farmers' markets, but not enough for shipping throughout the world.
Damn dams! Beavers are slacking! (Completely irrelevant is my comment, but I couldn't stop myself from giggling at damn dams)
> Beavers are slacking! They are trying to avoid getting grabbed...
Is it possible he was misunderstanding recent decisions about water usage? Delta Smelt are an important part of marine ecology, and the amount of water that municipalities can withdraw has been limited before to save them.
Yes, this is what it was about. He oversimplified to the point of absurdity.
My god he is dumb.
They really should have opened with the conspiracies, that's what puts him beyond a measure of doubt as insanely stupid.
Mr. Trump, I believe those are called *rivers*. And they happen naturally.
The Colorado doesn't get to the sea anymore, why should any other Californian river? It really just the ever growing population, but no need to think about immigration.
Do you think Trump looks at the Hoover Dam and just burns up inside with the realization that essentially the biggest wall in the United States was A. completed by a man with more money than him and 2. completed by a man whose legs didn't work properly yet had more energy than Trump on his best day?
How much energy does Hillary have?
Learn to troll better.
Enough to beat the hell out of trump on Election Day?
That would require Trump to know some history. Which he doesn't. So he wouldn't feel bad.
I mean, he was alive when it was built so you would think he'd remember.
Oh jeez he's old
He is old but that was actually a joke to mean he ancient. He was born in 1946 and the dam was built in 42 so he is actually slightly younger. Still, he is pretty old.
Holy fuck. Somehow I missed that one when it happened. I vacillate wildly between "this man is secretly smart and dangerous" and "this man is dumb enough to drown if he looks up in a downpour and dangerous."
I would say that he's cunning enough in certain ways to seize power, and to abuse it to his own ends, but then he's too ignorant when it comes to the real issues that face our country to use that power in any kind of helpful way even if he desired to do so.
This is my new favorite Trump quote
This actually isn't as inaccurate as you think. While we are still in a drought it is improving fast and we still do let a lot of water flow into the delta because of lack of storage. Unfortunately there aren't a lot of good dam sites left in CA so there isn't an easy solution necessarily.
That's Trump's M.O. though, he takes a true benign thing, exaggerates it and assigns nefarious liberal agendas to it in order to enrage his base.
California wastes most of its water on subsidies to farmers and wetlands. Nothing benign about that. Just accept that Trump can make a good point sometimes. I'm very anti-Clinton but there are a few things I agree with her on... funnily enough they were her "private positions" which got leaked... But still I must admit there are some things that she is right about. Edit: Downvoted... Sorry for the herpetophobic comments.
But Trump didn't say they were using it for agriculture. He said they were putting it in the ocean to save fish.
That's what the wetlands are. All the water ends up in the delta that goes to the ocean. Can I ask, do you actually think he thinks that fresh water is being pumped straight into the ocean for the sake of the fish there?
That's what he said, so I'll take the straight talker who says it like it is at his word.
Wow. Ok. I can see why so many people can't stand Trump. If I couldn't understand hyperbole, it would be hard to accept anything he said. Edit: I assume these downvotes are from people who are honestly imagining Trump thinks theres a giant cartoon pipe which the state of Cali put in place to give water to fish in the ocean. This is honestly shocking to me. You guys don't really believe that he thinks that do you? Do you think he's senile? Just monumentally dumb? What?
But Trump seems to speak ONLY in hyperbole. It's dangerous to speak that way and also be touted as a "straight talker" who "tells it like it is" because then people will never know when to take him seriously and at face value versus when to recognize inflated speech. That's not a problem you should have with a powerful leader.
I think he says things without giving them any thought whatsoever. He neither believes nor disbelieves them. He sees something on TV or Twitter or hears it on talk radio then repeats it if it suits his purpose. He never considers whether or not it might be true. >Just monumentally dumb? He's someone who is intellectually lazy and uninterested in the truth. One could call that dumb, yes.
>All the water ends up in the delta that goes to the ocean. What a stupid, equivocating, dumb-ass statement that fits right along with a Trump supporter. All of the water that goes to agriculture ends up in the ocean- technically all water ends up in the ocean eventually. Instead of citing the details of the situation, he oversimplifies the situation so that he looks like the plain-spoken solution provider even though there are legitimate, complicated, and legal reasons why things are the way they are. Even if you think the enviornmental benefit is not worth it (which you might, since you seem to have no qualms about equivocating it to dumping the water straight into the ocean), there are legal hurdles that need to be overcome. Plus, Trump is overstating the benefit. He makes it out as if the drought would be 'solved' if we stopped this environmental diversion. >Can I ask, do you actually think he thinks that fresh water is being pumped straight into the ocean for the sake of the fish there? He shows no evidence of understanding the deeper complexities of the situation. I'd personally give him the benefit of the doubt that he is smarter than that. But when it comes to policy position, I'll take him at his word, because with politicians, words and phrasing matters because they write the language of law.
> What a stupid, equivocating, dumb-ass statement that fits right along with a Trump supporter. All of the water that goes to agriculture ends up in the ocean- technically all water ends up in the ocean eventually. Very true. What I meant by that, if you could calm down for a moment, is that the water going into the delta and ultimately the ocean, bypasses any usable function. I agree that Trump oversimplifies a lot. Some times that's good. Some times that's bad. Also, I can respect that you want somebody who can pen proper phrasing into law. Considering he's a billionaire in the real estate market, I'm sure he has experience with contracts, and other such things which are similar. Do you expect he will be incompetent at creating binding laws?
> is that the water going into the delta and ultimately the ocean, bypasses any usable function. Nonsense, it provides an environmental and ecological function. Drying out wetlands causes cascading problems that aren't worth messing with. Just ask Louisiana and Florida. >I agree that Trump oversimplifies a lot. Some times that's good. Some times that's bad. It's insulting. In the statement we are talking about, he is essentially oversimplifying to the point of lying. He is misrepresenting through omission what California is doing with the water. If this were a single instance, it would be forgivable, but Trump's entire campaign and platform is built on him spreading misinformation about his own and the opposing platform. He is spoon-feeding lies to his supporters so that they only hear what they want to hear. >Also, I can respect that you want somebody who can pen proper phrasing into law. Considering he's a billionaire in the real estate market, I'm sure he has experience with contracts, and other such things which are similar. No, actually. Sitting in a dentist's chair and having a cavity removed doesn't qualify you to be a dentist. He has no formal training in politics, legal matters, foreign matters, national policy, economics (before you say anything, business management isn't economics), or diplomacy. He is embarrassingly under-qualified.
Lmao rivers are a liberal conspiracy
What's good for the mighty Colorado is good for the gander. You want to complain about population density in CA? You getting sick of eating all the food CA grows for you? Its a fight between fishermen that want fish, environmentalist who want lil bitty useless fish, and big farmers. Who you think is going to win? But I'm sure you don't want to pay more for your food so who's side are you really on?
I'm absolutely on the side of the environmentalists. Fuck big Ag., they pay a fraction of what they would for their water under a same pricing scheme, and whine and complain about any measures taken to make their consumption more efficient. The Central Valley has literally sunken due to all the groundwater that's been extracted, which is aquifer space that will never come back. Fuck them, they're massive corporations anyway, not Ma and Pa farmers.
Whoa whoa what is up here? You got something you need to get off your chest?
Reality does have a liberal bias
>Donald Jr. reached out to a Kasich adviser and asked whether his boss had any interest in being the most powerful vice-president in history? He went on to explain that in a Trump administration, the VP would be in charge of domestic and foreign policy. What did that leave for the president to do?, the Kasich adviser wondered. That was simple — “Making America great again.” Wait, so does this mean that Pence will actually be in charge of foreign and domestic policy if Trump wins? *shudder* Idk who's worse, tbh.
Pence admitted to Cheney being his role model. A man who was widely thought to be the the true puppet master of bush, expanding the power of his position far beyond anything like that of previous vp's. It's been rumored that a Trump administration would be even more extreme in this sense. Pence would be doing all the actual administrative, legislative stuff, and tump would merely parade around with the title of being America's one and true "#1" leader. Likely, recklessly abusing his power by engaging in petty accusatory squabbles with anyone that dare shed light on his innumerable frauds and failings, or recklessly reacting to foreign adversaries baiting him into positions of weakness and stupidity
Pence has worse policies than Trump, and Trump has a scarier temperament as president than Pence. And it looks like if Trump wins, we'll get Pence's policies with Trump's temperament.
Pence: 'A chicken in every pot and an ultrasound wand in every vagina!"
Kill me now
Well, looks like we're setting up to give ISIS a run for its money in the erratic-theocratic department.
Dude we are setting up to make North Korea look sane in comparison.
Yes. Mike "Christian Sharia" Pence will be acting POTUS in the Trump administration
I wish they would have included a section on how trump has no idea how the government even works, because to me that's easily the most disqualifying thing. Like implying that the supreme court can overturn anything they want at any time, ranting about the DEP which is a fictional department he just made up, and not having a clue what the nuclear triad is.
And that the junior senator from New York would be able to completely redo the tax code. 1 the legislature works informally on a seniority system, junior senators are typically less powerful. 2 the veto, and how the president needs to be on board with all but the most popular things. 3 all tax bills constitutionally must originate in the house.
This is just the insane stuff we've forgotten. A complete list would take up too much bandwidth. We can't be wasting the cyber
This should be pinned in every history book. Honestly. Don't let America forget how badly it turned
I'll fight for that after I confirm Trump actually loses November 9th. Go vote.
You mean both of the candidates right? It's the full picture that's so shocking.
Thats assuming things are gonna get better...
http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/08/29/us/politics/at-least-110-republican-leaders-wont-vote-for-donald-trump-heres-when-they-reached-their-breaking-point.html?_r=0
I hope after the election, someone compiles all the news clips and whatnot and makes a little trump campaign timeline movie.
Someone's going to make a really depressing documentary about all this
I'm laugh-crying. Like he's a clown but a really stupidly dangerous one. How on earth did he get this far? Edit: I just realised who Trump reminds me of! Zapp Brannigan from Futurama!
He got this far because Republicans want to believe these things. I will quote an easily debunked email I received from Grandma >I tried to check this out, but was not successful. Therefore, it's unproven. However, I have little doubt it happened!
He got this far because of how bad the other options are and were.
lolz
I think people are supporting him because they are tired of the establishment. When everything just keep fucking them over, this is like one big "Fuck you" back. I dare say there is a large amount of people who voted Trump actually hates him and prefer any other candidates.
you watched the Michael Moore doc eh?
> I think people are supporting him because they are tired of the establishment. Also, you can't point at a day and say 'this is when the US stopped being racist.' It wasn't when they shot Lincoln. It wasn't when they shot MLK. And it wasn't when Obama was elected and they all started buying ammunition. Trump was the big voice behind Birtherism.
The utter absurdity of picking trump as the vehicle of this protest vote is staggering though."Let's get a billionaire to stop the elites"...whut?
That's the other "basket" Clinton was talking about, the one she wants to try to serve as president.
On one hand it's tempting to say "they brought this on themselves, let them rot in it!" I'm looking at you KS, LA, WI and whatever Maine is. But then I remember they are also Americans, my countrymen, and however misinformed, misguided, and obnoxious, the Christian thing to do would be to try to help them.
Billy West has done a series of Trump quotes read in Brannigan voice and it is exactly as you might expect
Can you link this?
Omg yes plz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=406KqNDgKuI
Peter Seirafinowicz's [Sassy Trump](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sK5T7CLujoc&sns=tw) is also comedy gold to behold.
I haven't stopped laughing since this video started
I prefer his [Sophisticated Trump.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=728_Lwz3nD0&t=46) Mnyeh.
Holy shit that's fantastic!
Actually I haven't forgotten anything. The media has moved on which is bizarre because it seemed they would just hit the reset button at the beginning of the next week or sometimes the next day as if he hadn't done or said some really terrible and damaging things. I fully blame the media for allowing this to be normal and treat irrelevant conversations between campaign staff for Hillary as this huge scandal. They desperately need everything to be 50/50 for some reason. When you have a candidate for president making things up, being racist, and encouraging violence then I think it's ok for the media to do their damn job and say it as it is.
That's the thing though, the emails aren't something small. They are a big deal, and to me there are three news stories regarding the emails: how they were stored (email server), how they were handled (large amounts deleted possibly to avoid FOIA), and their contents (possible pay to play, possible grey space between state, foundation, dnc, and campaign). Trump being unfit (for all the reasons you mentioned) doesn't make the emails go away at all. There's a reason that both of these candidates have such low approval ratings. The DNC laid their bed with Hillary before the primaries even started and this is what you get.
I honestly think that the problem here is that trump says and does so many stupid or outrageous things, and has so much going on, that the media can't focus on any one thing for very long. It's like the media is a cat and he has a laser pointer to keep them distracted. There's just not time or energy left for a deep dive into any particular scandal or issue. He's overwhelmed them completely.
Wasn't there an analysis showing that the medias spent more time talking about Clinton e-mails than about all Trump scandals combined?
Serious question. Is something in the water causing massive short-term memory loss in the US? One week of quiet from Trump and y'all forget the insane things he's said and done? What is going on here. How can polls have changed "dramatically" according to some. The fact that this race is even close is horrifying to me.
Consider that most people don't pay much attention to the election as they don't believe it really changes their life much either way (it does but they don't realize it). Combine intermittent time spent tuning in to election coverage, of which 90% has been Trump rally's and coverage of the - at best inconclusive - Hillary email scandal and you have this large group of people who just decide to vote red or blue. Most people probably only hear about Trump's scandals occasionally but are berated by words of infinite Hillary ones (all of them are the same emails but if you don't pay attention, that's irrelevant). It really isn't that difficult to believe that people would make this race tight.
It's horrifying to us, too.
I think the scariest part is that a candidate can be so overtly stupid, and make it this far. *Millions* of people are going to vote for him, even if he loses in the biggest landslide in American history. I'm not really sure how to handle that. Trump has really stirred up some crazy bullshit in this country, and I'm not really sure how we're going to repair it from here.
The Speaker of the House, Senate Majority Leader and other GOP rock stars all ENDORSE this man for president all while stating their intent to destroy a Clinton presidency.
This is definitely the "lose faith in all humanity" election. It's very scary, even if Trump loses the election, his supporters still walk among us. Those mouth-breathing hatemongers...millions of them. It's hard to comprehend. I still think it must be Aliens...or some kind of brain parasite infesting all these people. Or perhaps just really poor education, years of inbreeding, and drugs/alcohol. Choose whichever makes you feel better.
Average Trump supporters make $72,000 a year. They aren't poor and uneducated. They are full of hate. http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/the-mythology-of-trumps-working-class-support/
>Look at that face! Would anyone vote for that? Can you imagine that, the face of our next president?! I mean, she’s a woman, and I’m not supposed to say bad things, but really, folks, come on. Are we serious? Reeeeeeaaaaally sounds like he's implying a woman shouldn't be president. But sure, no one respects women more than him.
What's funny is that he says 'I’m not supposed to say bad things', so clearly he wants to say bad things, and thinks he should, but is holding back for the sake of public appearances. And THAT is what comes out when he's trying to be tactful.
This is only a third of all the insane things. This didn't even mention things like saying McCain isn't a war hero and calling out that judge because he's mexican
Better list here but needs updating http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/08/29/us/politics/at-least-110-republican-leaders-wont-vote-for-donald-trump-heres-when-they-reached-their-breaking-point.html?_r=0
To be honest, I never thought anything would sink him until the tape came out. I was certain that would be the ultimate reveal to the people trying to excuse his every sin. I was ready to believe even the most stubborn, cynical, hypocritical cranks in the "party of Lincoln" would scoff at a candidate expressing what he did, especially to a complete nobody for no apparent reason. I was hopeful and even excited that they'd feel shame in defending his every whim, so they understood what he brings to the nation. Now that I was proved wrong I'm left to feel more sad and embarrassed for the country than anything. I always gave the Republicans an opportunity to explain themselves. How could I have been so wrong about the true nature of the party to get behind this man and defy every single one of their claimed virtues? It's just sad.
It would've been satisfying, for sure, to see him unequivocally rejected by his entire party. It would've helped the GOP maintain some form of identity and structural integrity. It's hard to believe they couldn't find a way to get everyone one board with a blanket disapproval and abandonment of him, despite being their party's nominee. I guess admitting that mistake was just too much to ask, despite the benefits. It doesn't make me pity them or anything,mthough, to be clear. This is their own fault. Also, I am so tired of hearing "the party of Lincoln" bullshit from Republicans. It's pathetically desperate of any GOPper to try to prop themselves up that way. They KNOW they're not truly the party Lincoln supported, so why do they cling to and perpetuate a lie even high schoolers know about? Well, I say that, but current high schoolers are probably better informed than the half of the country that's below average. I've encountered too many people who actually buy the "Lincoln was ours" bullshit. I'm grumpy because I have insomnia. I don't think getting my blood pressure up is the right idea :/
When you list all the things about Trump's campaign like this, it's a wonder how he got this far. Not sure why the GOP couldn't dig up anything from the landfill that is Trump's past.
This list isn't even close to being complete. I didn't see where he was going to fire the generals. This list is just the insane stuff I guess. There is more here http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/08/29/us/politics/at-least-110-republican-leaders-wont-vote-for-donald-trump-heres-when-they-reached-their-breaking-point.html?_r=0
Would it have mattered? Republican primary voters love this, they think it makes him relatable.
"Everyone cheats on their spouses!" Mayor Ghouliani
Just ask Bill 
But Hillary's e-mails!!!!!
I love this quote >Christie on Trump, January 27: “What’s that tell you about what we can expect if things go sideways when you go into the Oval Office? What are you going to do, just go upstairs to the residence and say ‘I’m not playing’? You know, ‘Vladimir Putin isn’t being nice to me, I’m not going to return his phone call.’ ‘The press isn’t being nice to me, I’m not going to hold any more press conferences.’ Basically this is like a 13-year-old argument.” Sums it up pretty well. And now I'm agreeing with Chris Christie!
And people wonder why so many are eagerly voting for Hillary despite her history of scandal.
I found it pretty insane when he said to Hillary at the debate "You'd be in jail" if he was president.
She might get there before Trump becomes president.
I was more disturbed at how many people cheered that
Why has no one mentioned how deftly he turned a comment about Carson's temper into Carson being a child molester? He's disgustingly good at twisting words and NLP.
Click-bait level title
Hillary is cool!
This article only serves the purpose of helping Trump. All this shit talking is exactly why people like him.
That's the most petty, childish, pathetic thing I've heard all week, and yesterday I babysat my nephew. "People say he bad so he must be good!" Jesus fucking Christ on the hood of a Mercedes-Benz.
Same team, dipshit. Go say your opinions at a Trump rally and you'll see I'm right.
Damage control! Quick, to your battle stations!
a lot of this seems taken out of context or absolutely is, and just because i have to clarify this for some reason, no, im not voting trump. this "article" is written like a tabloid.
I think it's a pretty bad piece of work, but not because of anything taken out of context, rather just because it's dull and a retread (no, we haven't "forgotten"), not even remotely comprehensive. So it just comes off as a random, poorly-organized list of Trumpisms. It's entirely pointless even as entertainment. It's like the brainstorming notes of a Trump-quote-a-day desk calendar.
It's not one of the serious ones. I've followed the election pretty closely and nothing stands out as manipulated;—what do you think is wrong?
that sounds like a lot of work for little gain, besides maybe making trump look a lil better, which i dont really care to do anyways. both candidates are fucking insane o.o I will accept my downvotes with open arms
Well, I only think you're wrong about one of them, so.
I know journalism is already in the gutter but I'll be glad when these trendy clickbait condescending-to-the-audience article titles go away
Ooh Politics is really grasping at straws now
In what way?
"Quick read these so you don't read up on how corrupt Hillary Clinton is!"
We know she's corrupt. But we also know that trump is corrupt racist and insane.
The desperation on /r/politics right now is truly delicious
You're baiting, but I'll bite. What's so desperate? It's a little walk down memory lane. This article is pretty shitty, but it's not desperate.
This post and article is an embarrassment
It is kind of lazy because there aren't many links to the sources
Yeh all that stuff ain't great (HOWEVER) given the only other choice. Wikileaks Reveals Even Hillary’s Own Staff Knows Truth: She’s Psychotic! The Nuclear Option — http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2016/10/29/nuclear-option-wikileaks-reveals-even-hillarys-staff-knows-truth-shes-psychotic/
Care to comment on how this is specifically discussing her not conceding to Obama and literally nothing else?
Hey, you seem to be a Trump supporter. I really only care about advancing scientific progress, I think a lot of the "scandals" are a total farce. However, I'm having trouble seeing Trump as someone who is willing to put money into scientific research, have you read or heard anything that makes him a better choice for technology and science?
Look into his recent quotes about NASA http://www.planetary.org/get-involved/be-a-space-advocate/election2016/trump.html
"Guys, check out what Brietbarf says" Lol
Luckily I haven't forgotten the insane things about Clinton's campaign so I am never voting for her
You want a cookie?
No, I want to make America great again
the propaganda is real
TIL quoting people verbatim is propaganda.
