As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil) * Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks) * Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail. * In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users. * Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not. Incivility results in escalating bans from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own. *** *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Hey, come on. If you're going to say something without any evidence you better be the republican running for president or at least the head of the FBI
Being that your account is 7 hours old and you have chosen that clever username, I would imagine you are part of what the GOP refers to as the "Shillary Tolls".
I think if you're attacking him off a novelty name instead of on the merits of his statement, you've lost before you began.
How much evidence do you need? There could be photos of Clinton literally crapping on FOIA requests and you would still say NO EVIDENCE!!!
Evidence of what? You don't have a crime. You have an investigation in search of one.
There is an email where Hillary tells someone to strip a document of classification and send it unsecured
Strip the email of classified material and send it? That's appropriate.
My comment was flippant, clearly. I'm mocking the vague letters and now Trump's insane claims Oh nevermind, you're one of those
Not so insane to say it's the biggest scandal since Watergate. Bigger than Watergate was wrong, but he stopped saying that. If the Clinton machine goes down in this scandal then it absolutely is the biggest since Watergate.
Great Clear!
Ironically, the Podesta Wikileaks emails are an almost identical digital equivalent of the Watergate crimes, yet everyone on the right seems to fucking love them. Let's all get of our fucking high horses shall we.
You're ignorant of reality. The actual scandal bigger than watergate is the hacking
You're too young to remember Iran Contra?
Comey is doing his job.
Comey is violating ethical standards. Obama should have known better than to appoint a Bushie.
Only when it favors Hillary Clinton. If not, then he's definitely a Russian spy, man. You Americans crack me up, seriously, take your goggles off.
Doing your job is not going against standard operating procedures.
Show the written protocol that he broke
He said himself that it's not normal to report on ongoing investigation but he's making an exception because he testified before congress that he would keep them up to date if the situation changes. The discovery emails which he hasn't read and did not have warrent to but could be pertinent to the case does not change his recommendation for criminal charge or no criminal charge. It could, but alerting congress before anything incriminating is discovered is definitely not what he should've done.
>Conservative Fox News host Jeanine Pirro, a former prosecutor and New York county court judge, said Comey’s letter "disgraces and politicizes" the bureau. >"You know I support Donald Trump and want him to win, but whether it's Hillary Clinton or anyone else, Comey's actions violate not only longstanding Justice Department policy … but the most fundamental rules of fairness and impartiality," Pirro said.
That's not the policy, that's someone saying something.
His job is violate FBI protocol twice? Once in July and then again on Friday?
He didnt break any FBI protocol once or twice. It has been discussed in multiple subs that there is no written protocol that he has violated.
Are you saying . . . . . . it was "technically" legal?
Yes there is and multiple articles were written about it
There was no written protocol broken
Lol
DOJ actually http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/oct/30/robby-mook/clinton-campaign-says-comey-letter-violates-justic/
You should read that article, it actually contradicts your beliefs it's hysterical.
Don't think the_donald counts as a reliable source for sub discission
Show the written protocol that he broke then.
The [Hatch Act](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hatch_Act_of_1939) makes it illegal for executive branch employees from doing anything that may interfere with or influence an election. FBI members legally cannot do anything that could be construed as partisan.
Doing their job is partisan.. Give me a fucking break
What did he do the influence it? He's investigating further, and informed congress of such. It's not like he went on live TV and said "as the head of the FBI, I know HRC is a criminal and watch me prove it!"
hes doing his job not influencing an election, he was legally obliged to announce what he did if hillary thinks thats unfair maybe she shouldnt be doing shit that causes her to be investigated constantly
The buck never stops with Hillary, it is always someone else's fault
Yes Harry Reid and the Democrats are claiming he did as that would be the only attack they have. That doesnt mean he violated the act at all.
Conservatives are blasting him too.
It's called the hatch act. Violating it is a felony
Comey is a very smart dude. He is not committing a felony.
TIL no smart people have ever committed felonies.
So deluded.
He didnt violate the Hatch act. This week will hopefully give us more information because 99% what is being said in this thread and others like it is pure speculation
I don't see any way in which he didn't violate it. He intentionally used his position to influence the election off of complete speculation.
You dont know that is was just speculation that made him write that letter. Believe it or not we dont have all the information on multiple ongoing investigations. Hopefully time will tell
Well, the FBI didn't have a warrant to look at the emails yet, literally all he knew was that they had a computer of a Clinton aide that has emails on it that may or may not have anything to do with anything. Sounds pretty speculative to me. He has absolutely no clue what's there. He hasn't been legally cleared to look at the new emails, and if he has done so, he has broken laws and made the evidence inadmissible, as it was illegally obtained. To send a letter to the GOP before there was any information was fairly obviously done in the name of getting this into the hands of the media, who will not exactly say "we should withhold judgement until more info comes to light," and into the crazy conspiracy theorizing mind of Donald Trump, who immediately began saying shit like, "Comey wouldn't have sent that letter unless he knew it was something big, the final piece of evidence that will put crooked Hillary away!" And his supporters aren't exactly known for their critical thinking skills or for asking for proof of any of his claims now, are they?
Wow! I'm so excited to be in the presence of someone who knows every detail of the FBI's internal investigations! Please, give me every detail, since you clearly know exactly what you're talking about!
lol gj repeating twitter pundits verbatim without looking into whether shit was even real
The Hatch Act is very real.
nobody is trying to influence an election and thats what the hatch act concerns harry reid is a crazy person that makes shit up so you shouldnt believe everyone quoting him in panic
Comey knows the chances are slim that these emails have any significance. If he waits and he is called out for playing politics by the GOP, so what? He wouldn't be. He would actually be doing his job. What he did here was not his job.
That is all speculation on your part. We dont even know the time line as there have been a few different reports saying that Carlos Danger Weiner gave them access to the laptop and another stating they have a warrant.
I am saying he didn't need to release this information because he had none himself. He could have sat on this. His decision was to go against doing his job
I am saying that your first sentence is speculation on your part.
Comey said he didn't know if the materials were significant or not in his memo to the FBI.
What is his job then, not to inform Congress of ongoing investigations?
When they are with respect to presidental candidates within the six months prior to an election, yes, exactly right.
No, an investigation is an investigation, regardless of the time frame. You don't get a free pass from protocol because someone could potentially get elected. Note that he didn't make the issue public either, someone else did, it's not like he set up a press conference or anything. But protocol stated that new information had to be reported immediately, and that's what was done.
But there are laws saying you aren't supposed to.
No, there's "unwritten code," but no laws. The closest thing that would be a law would be the hatch act, but he didn't release the information. Members of Congress released the information. Also notably, he's in a high enough position that he may or may not be exempt from the hatch act (it's a little vague with who's exempt).
There really isn't.
Maybe wait until they at least have a warrant and have viewed the emails.
We shouldn't have laws that work around political agendas. The same standards should exist for all Americans, at all times. Those standards mean the FBI's checks and balances include regular, vigorous Congressional oversight of all aspects of FBI operations by eight primary committees of the U.S. Congress: * The House/Senate Judiciary Committees * The House/Senate Intelligence Committees * The House/Senate Appropriations Committees * The House Government Reform Committee * The Senate Governmental Affairs Committee Note that **all aspects** part
>We shouldn't have laws that work around political agendas. Uh...why the fuck not? Here's a scenario that exists in the absence of laws accounting for elections: The Director of the FBI, with literally nothing, says that they may have evidence to open an investigation on candidate A. Immediately following the election (with the spectre of indictment hanging over the candidate) they say "oh JK there wasn't anything there". This is why laws like the hatch act exist. Because, as we've just seen, the standard of "the FBI does not comment on ongoing investigations" is toothless in the absence of actual legal consequences.
The Hatch act is irrelevant here. The FBI isn't acting partisan. Possible evidence into a high risk investigation arises, Comey informs Congress because that is who he answers to for his bureau's actions. If this issue was on Comey informing Congress there is possible evidence of a crime involving Trump, we wouldn't even be having this conversation. The ethics here shouldn't bend at one man' discretion because it might affect the candidate of your choice. For the record, fuck Trump and HRC. I wish more people voted.
> Comey knows the chances are slim that these emails have any significance. Where can i get psychic powers?
A lack of a search warrant to look through the emails. No psychic powers needed.
He has one.
http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/fbi-obtains-warrant-newly-discovered-emails-clinton-probe-reid-accuses-n675411
Yeah, he has one now so you will need those psychic powers after all. It is very likely that there are some emails in here that were not covered in the initial search because they did not know about it. It was passed up the chain from NYC SVU because they realized there were things here relating to the investigation. Whether or not any of these emails clearly spells out intent remains to be seen, but he is going to have to dedicate a large team to comb through those 650k emails and will have to justify his agents doing so. He did the ethical thing coming forward to congress..if you want to blame someone, blame Clinton herself for having the server in the first place.
[removed]
Is there any though? As part of the deal everybody got for immunity their laptops were destroyed.
Those laptops [weren't actually destroyed](http://www.americanthinker.com/blog/2016/10/joe_digenova_fbi_agents_refused_orders_to_destroy_laptops_and_they_still_exist.html).
God this email controversey is so over played. Hillary supporters don't care where she stored her emails. She admitted it was a mistake. Doesnt make her the anti Christ imo.
Until you can tell me what she deleted then you have a valid point
You're joking, right? It's not about what she deleted, though that's certainly an issue. It's that she sent classified information to whomever she felt like and there's ample evidence she did so. That's a huge deal.
There was only something like 100 emails out of the tens of thousands that were classified. Less than 1%. And even then I doubt they were anything all that important, not to mention the information very well may have been safer on a private server since its less likely to draw an attack.
... so you admit she sent classified information? Why is the ratio of emails sent to the number of them that are classified relevant, and who is anyone to determine how important they were? They were classified, period, and she sent them. Even if a private server is more secure (not at all true, and still illegal, btw), she sent them to people who didn't have one. Are you being intentionally dense? Is this Poe's Law in effect?
And that's why it's fine that this is their line of attack on Hillary; it convinces no one not to vote for her.
"Mistake" was a violation of numerous federal laws.
Not according to the FBI. Just because you want it to be true doesn't make it so.
My understanding is that she broke some laws, but proof of intent is needed to prosecute.
That is incorrect. She likely didn't violate the law because her actions would not likely have constituted gross negligence. While using the server violated OPM policy, it at least had some protection from outside intrusion that any reasonable person could conclude that it was secure. It wasn't an ideal situation but it is not like Government run servers are immune to intrusion so it would be hard to argue that her action constituted gross negligence. In order for her actions to constitute gross negligence, she would have to have left documents on the subway or thrown them in a dumpster where literally anyone could walk by and pick them up. Had she been anyone else, while she definitely would have been terminated, she probably would not have faced criminal action. In short, her actions were reckless but did not violate the law.
No, intent is an element of the crime, just as it is for first degree murder. If you don't meet all of the elements of a crime then you have not committed that crime. The FBI wouldn't determine if Clinton broke the law in this case, they would recommend indictment or not. Determining whether or not she broke the law can only happen in a court of law.
Well then it's a good thing for Hillary that she didn't tell anyone what her intentions were whilst she was breaking the law.
That sentence does not make sense, since in this case, intent is a requirement to breaking the law.
That's the joke. If Hillary had shared her intentions - it is criminal. Her actions having been the same except telling someone "I'm breaking the law intentionally." It's a ducking joke that she isn't being indicted (yet).
It's not so much the server, but the content of the emails.
No, that's not what the supposed "investigation" was about. It was never about the content of the emails. Never.
Which has never been the focus of the investigation.
Because of the way Hillary has conducted herself, being obsessively secretive and cagey, having a private server in the first place to skirt FOIA, deleting tens of thousands of emails, people think she's hiding something.
"top democrat asserts" vs "wikileaks just dumped another 15k emails" tough call. Which one would you rather trust?
That's why Comey at minimum should have been consistent. If he influences the election by releasing content-free hints about an investigation into Hillary's email, he should have be transparent and releases information about the FBI investigation into Trump being Putin's Puppet. One way or another, by not holding the two candidats to the same standard, he violated the Hatch Act.
Yup, it's possible he even did more. There is argument to be had to colluding with Chaffetz. They timed his letter for when the Clinton plane was landing and electronic devices including th inflight wifi will would be down for 30 minutes and somehow Comey sent Chaffetz the letter right before it so it would leak and no one could respond for 30 minutes
"We got huge election changing info" FBI doing a wikileaks impression ?
No, Mr Reid lying about the Republican candidate like he does every year.
FBI dressing as Wikileaks for Halloween
It wouldn't be right for the FBI to comment on an ongoing investigation this close to a national election. /s
The DNI didn't want to release the little info they had but when Trump lied twice about the hacks in back to back debates they forced it. It's remarkable how the narrative is changed though, he can just shout No Puppet and move on
> he can just shout No Puppet and move on Not just that, he can blatantly say "You're the puppet!" right after saying that Clinton is going to start a war with Russia. I mean, does Trump not know what it means to say someone's a puppet? Or is Hillary simultaneously a mastermind running dozens of different conspiracies, but also a puppet of Putin? I just don't understand anymore.
More of a Saudi puppet, but sure.
I'm a long time democrat and Hillary supporter. But even I wouldn't take what Harry Reid says about the opposition party's presidential candidate seriously... During the last presidential election he said he had proof Romney hadn't paid taxes for a decade. Turned out he was lying. This is a pretty similar lie. Claiming he has some sort of inside knowledge of a big scandal. He has access to all the same inside knowledge as every other senator and this is the first we've heard about it? I'll reserve judgement until I see proof but I'm doubtful.
Romney never released his taxes
>I'm a long time democrat and Hillary supporter. But even I wouldn't take what Harry Reid says about the opposition party's presidential candidate seriously... I'm a long time democrat and Hillary supporter. In this case I would because Trump's shady ties to Russia are already thoroughly documented. http://talkingpointsmemo.com/edblog/trump-putin-yes-it-s-really-a-thing
Lol
To believe that politics played no role in the decision whether or not to charge Clinton for gross negligence of some kind is as naive as believing politics played no role in the Supreme Court justices' handing of the Presidency to George W. Politics will inform whether Comey is charged (unlikely i think?), but I'd have to laugh a bit if he were charged and Clinton wasn't just because it reveals that you play politics and you get burned and also the Clinton machine is as formidable as its opponents fear and its supporters hope.
Reid is on Senate SCI. He has access to more information than the rest of the Senate. Specifically he would be briefed on national security threats.
Even still he's a politician 2 weeks from election making vague claims about a scandal about his party's opposition that just happens to fit the narrative of Trump having ties to Russia and he's offering no new evidence himself. He's not a reliable source. Especially when he's been caught lying in the past in this exact situation before.
Big Dem here. Harry Reid also talks a lot of shit without ever showing evidence.
of course hes lying hes desperate
There's an old story about LBJ. Might have happened, might be apocryphal. Doesn't matter. Old LBJ wanted to start a rumor that a political opponent was a pigfucker. Like, he literally fucked pigs. One of his aides said "but sir, he's not a pigfucker." To which LBJ replied "oh, I know. I just want to hear him deny it."
I don't know about you but I think it's time to hold a press conference discussing the 'problematic allegations' that Trump, instead of fucking a pig himself, hired a contractor to fuck a pig for him, but then didn't pay the contractor, alleging substandard work.
Yeah this is exactly why politicians dont acknowledge every rumor no matter how big. Ironically this is exactly why david cameron never denied having sex with a pig. As soon as you acknowledge it (especially in UK politics) it gets so much bigger
> Might have happened, might be apocryphal. Doesn't matter. This election in a nutshell. Also: Cameron, and that first episode of *Black Mirror*.
Dude that episode fucking haunts me. Was just thinking about it yesterday.
Is there any evidence that Trump is being investigated by the FBI besides Harry Reid letter to Comey?
No, because the FBI doesn't comment on ongoing investigations, especially when it could have political consequences in an election year... Wait...
There is evidence though that Harry Reid is a pathological liar especially when it comes to making up enormous political scandals.
Anyone can assert anything they want at any time. Called free speech. When evidence is presented then we can start paying attention.
Certainly didn't stop Comey
Also doesn't stop /r/politics. Good thing we know at least 1 of these assertions are true, Comey reopening an investigation.
It was not closed so no, on its head that is false no case was reopened
New evidence fell into Comey's lap. He tried so hard to ignore the server, the emails, all of Hillary's criminality. Now he's back, regretting his previous leniency? Interested in doing his job? Hard to say. Hillary, still under investigation, still somehow running for president.
So you think people should go to jail because they had classified information in an email, despite the fact there is no evidence the email resulted in exposure of that classified information or damage to the country? To you that's on par with say... coordinating your campaign with a former KGB agent and Russian troublemaker?
LOLOLOL. Can't get enough of Russia! Hillary is now sharing her emails with a high profile disgraced pedophile. Russia has nothing to do with that. Her own bad decision making is at fault. She is a disaster. She should never handle another classified document again.
Russia and Putin is Trump's problem. The truth is Republicans no longer even care about that. Reagan is rolling over in his grave. It's simply shocking.
Last I checked, the constitution doesn't say anything about fruitless republican witchhunts barring you from running for president.
Nice talking point. When your classified emails wind up with some high profile pedophile, maybe you're a colossal fuck up who should probably be in jail.
Nice one. I'm going on a limb here and say you're talking about Trump, since, you know, he has made comments on children saying that he'll marry them 10 years later.
Interesting so they've already analyzed them, determined they were from HRC, and determined they were classified?? Please inform me since you seem to have knowledge literally know one else has..unless, unless wait you're a lying fuckbag
Lying fuckbag? Who's talking about Hillary? She isn't on reddit. She can't even handle her own email account.
Deflect much? Maybe we should call you Lyin' Ted Cruz
What do you want me to tell him? Hey Ted, this guy has something he wants you to hear!
Personal attack. Moooooodss mods
Speaking of pedos, isn't there a court case next month? Is it going to trial before or after the fraud/racketeering case? I can't remember.
We're there or were there not emails found?
Is there an investigation into Trump's being Putin's Puppet or not ? That's why Comey at minimum should have been consistent. If he influences the election by releasing content-free hints about an investigation into Hillary's email, he should have be transparent and releases information about the FBI investigation into Trump being Putin's Puppet. One way or another, by not holding the two candidats to the same standard, he violated the Hatch Act.
That could literally say anything.
Comey implied he knows they are relevant to the investigation of Clinton, something he could not know as he had no warrant and had not seen them
Lol keep telling yourself that either the FBI knew for weeks or they had no idea. Make up your mind.
The FBI knew the emails existed for weeks, they do not know what is in them Understand the difference?
Lol sure but I bet they knew who they were to and from bet there's a lot of good stuff between Huma and mills in there.
Of course! You know everything based on two memos that say even the FBI doesn't know
They obviously knew there were emails prevalent to the server case in there. You know who knows more than everyone Comey and I doubt he puts his ass on the line for no good reason.
No. They obviously knew nothing and his internal memo shows that
isn't it entirely possible that Weiner told them? maybe he showed them?
Seriously? Have you read any of this? They didn't have a warrant to read them
what? no, i'm presenting speculation. you don't need a warrant to allow someone to verbally tell you something. you don't need a warrant to allow someone to physically show you emails that they own on their own computer. did you read something that said Comey **definitely** read these emails on his own without having a warrant? if you did read it, was it presented as fact, or as speculation like how i presented my own speculation?
Weiner is not the owner of the property in question. If your house is searched and you have a box of my mail, they're not allowed to look at it just because you say, you have to get permission from the owner or the judge
That's actually not necessarily true. You don't have a reasonable expectation of privacy in your friend's home. Password protected computers and perhaps sealed mail are different, but if you just left a box of opened mail over at your buddy's house was searched (even unlawfully) you'd be SoL.
That is not true. Sealed mail is absolutely expected to be private
i don't think enough information has been revealed to say who the owner of these emails were. all we know is that the FBI thinks they are relevant to the investigation. and if they are someone else's emails, we don't know how Weiner got them. maybe they were forwards, or maybe someone gave him the emails. if either of those are the case, then they could be considered Weiner's property. hell, it's even possible that the emails are just conversations between Weiner and Huma where Huma talks about sensitive information it's probably best we wait until the investigation moves forward before we try to share our own speculations as if they were fact. speculating is fun, and i think even healthy for discussion, but you present your speculation as if it's fact.
You're wrong. And you're just making shit up. Weiner can't just give permission to view stuff that isn't his. Everything else you've posted is baseless speculation and it's why we want Comey excoriated
He was the owner of the computer
That doesn't matter! If your email is somehow cached to my log on I don't get to share it with the FBI
Reports are stating that Anthony Weiner, AKA Carlos Danger, gave them permision to view the evidence on the laptop.
Evidence about him. That is how scope works
Yes and they now have a warrant to legally use it.
To legally read it. Stop posting lies
It's called metadata. They had access to that, could see who sent what.
That is meaningless to Comey's claim it's relevant to Clinton, he doesn't know since he hadn't read them
OK, then explain why Anthony Weiner had .gov emails for Huma on his personal laptop? Huma is her right hand man.
If the metadata shows they came from Clinton, or went to Clinton, that's all he needs to know it's related to her. Could you seriously not piece that together on your own from what I said? You need to actually read what others type before commenting.
We already know they were not sent to or from Clinton.
...They don't have metadata on Clinton's emails. They have an outlook email-cache from someone that worked for her. And they hadn't opened them yet because they didn't have a warrant.
Man you're dense. The metadata on the emails they got show who they were sent to and from. If they were sent to or from Clinton, boom, her emails.
They've said 3 MAY be relevant to the investigation (ie to or from Clinton).
How do you know that?
He literally just got a warrant, 48 hours after he implied he read them
DId he imply that he read them? It is my understanding that they needed a warrant to apply this information to a new case. The open case against Carlos Weiner Danger is how law enforcement got a hold on the laptop, so emails could very well already been viewed. There are also multiple reports that Mr.Danger gave the FBI consent to view the contents of the computer.
Yes he did imply that he read them
[Federal employees cannot express their political opinions freely](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hatch_Act_of_1939). An FBI member expressing an opinion or even wearing political buttons close to an election would be seen as a felony offense.
>An FBI member expressing an opinion or even wearing political buttons close to an election would be seen as a felony offense. He did neither of those things. You could argue his influence for both candidates all day long if you wanted to. Knew their was info, didn't announce it, "in bed with HRC!!". Knew their was info, did his job, announced it, "OMG in bed with Trump!"
The facts, but they interrupt my feels!
So did Russia put 600,000 emails on Anthony Weinbers computer?
>maybe one will notice me try to change the subject from the GOP Trump investigation
You do realize that the FBI believes only 3 of those potential 600k emails have anything to do with Clinton, right?
And coerced him to send dick pics
In Russia, dick screws you! Oh wait, I guess that's pretty much the same everywhere.
If Trump turns out to be a ~~Manchurian~~ Muscovite Candidate, there's no way that the RNC didn't know that, right? They'd have to have been in on it...which means that the RNC is attempting not just to beat the Democrats, but to overthrow the Republic itself.
Time for reeducation camps for those traitorous republicans right?
Hmm...*that* would explain Obama playing nice with Cuba all of a sudden. He knew Gitmo wasn't going to cut it so he's going to expropriate all of Cuba then send Trump and his basket down there and call it Australia 2.0.
Nah, just arrest the ringleaders if they did do something that heinous. Without leaders, the crazy GOP base will go back to seething more or less quietly.
I'm telling you, Trump supporters are on the wrong side.
You haven't actually deluded yourself into thinking Donald Trump is a Russian spy, right? Americans haven't taken the lizard conspiracy this far, have they? You know to the rest of the world that accusation is fucking ridiculous? You think, MI5, CIA, FBI would just non-nonchalantly allow a Russian plant get this far into an election? Behave yourself. Your country has ousted British PM's for simply being a bit socialist, never mind somebody who you're claiming is a Russian agent. The world gets it, Hillary wants war with Russia, Trump doesn't. Not wanting war with Russia doesn't mean he's a spy, mate.
> Your country has ousted British PM's for simply being a bit socialist, never mind somebody who you're claiming is a Russian agent. Is this true? Can you provide proof? It's obvious that British people hate Americans with the force of a thousand suns, but I have never heard one say that this was the reason for it.
Amazing what these people can make up.
Dingy Harry also said that Romney didn't pay taxes. So.
Romney never released his taxes
And at 13% I can say he was largely right.
Not even necessarily 13%. He had to basically leave millions in deductions out of his return to even get that high, and he had 3 years from filing date to amend his return, so he could've shaved a few percentage points off of that 13% retroactively, no problem.
When you say somebody doesn't pay taxes, you don't get to claim that you told the truth if that person paid taxes
Fuck that, and fuck Romney. 13% is so little he probably thought he payed 0%.
Never let facts hold you down kid
Romney released a handful of years, he didn't prove that he paid taxes every year that he was earning. You guys seem to forget that
Reid said straight up that Romney didn't pay taxes. Romney did pay taxes. Harry Reid is a corrupt little crook and he's scared because he sees that Trumpmentum is sweeping America. Trump will be the next President and crooks like Harry Reid will pay for their crimes.
The echo chamber of old, angry white people that you listen to is not indicative of the nation as a whole. I look forward to your cries of "rigged" once Trump loses.
Trumpmentum? Please. You're cringeworthy even for a Trump supporter. Try not to throw a trumptantrum when Hillary wipes the floor with your ignorant orange wannabe fascist excuse of a candidate.
You sound like you're 12 years old going back to a script your teacher wrote for you. Good luck with life after Nov. 8th, history will be unkind to you and if you ever have kids you'll have to lie to them about who you supported for President in '16.
"trumpmentum" baby
Is this the talking point that someone scrabbled together and passed around the right wing message boards? I see it mentioned a lot in the last couple hours, or someone has multiple accounts is just reposting this.
and Romney still hasn't proven him wrong. He showed us two years he knew he was running for president and he still only paid 13% so it's very likely that there are numerous years he paid nothing
Blanket statements are too easy to refute. Harry Reid went in on a 10 year claim and that was proven false. He could reframe the claim, but you can't retroactively move the goalposts to better fit your own suspicions.
It wasn't proven false, Romney put out 2 years not 10
And Romney didn't pay taxes for ten years, right Harry?
At 13% basically, no he didn't. And that's only for the years he actually showed.
Why hasn't Bill met with Lynch again yet?
>At 13% basically, no he didn't. 14% actually, on a sum of $13.7 million, he paid $1.94 million dollars in tax. Paying near enough 2 million dollars in tax a year, doesn't qualify as paying tax now? You're deluded.
>didn't pay taxes >At 13% ????
He never released his taxes
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2012/01/23/gIQAj5bUMQ_story.html
2 years, not 12 to prove he paid them for a full 10 years
Can we start this whole thing over?
I like both the candidates. Clinton is a mess, morally, legally, and medically. Trump is a strong outsider to the political machine. It's a recipe for a goddam landslide. Thank God Bernie was a pussy and didn't attack her at all in the primaries.
Ha ha, the look over there defense... too funny.
Isn't that what Comey did? Hey don't pay attention to our candidate trying to encourage voter fraud, here's a total bullshit letter vaguely implying I've read something that in 48 hours will come out that I haven't
Gotta love election season.
The same guy who lied about Romney's tax returns, but refused to apologize later on because "hey, it worked didn't it"? Yeah, i would trust John Podesta over Harry Reid, and that's saying something.
You guys have a problem with lying all of a sudden? Lol
Wow, republicans suddenly caring about lies. 76% of Trump's statements are lies. But who cares about that, right?
I love how just saying John Podesta is supposed to mean something. This whole alt right code thing is fascinating
Lmao, if you think i'm alt-right, wow, you really need to investigate your reddit user research skills.
Whatever you are, I pity it and anyone who knows you.
Alt-right isn't a thing. When conservatives are all on the same page and repeat the same bullshit is ceases to be "alternative" and should really just be called "the right."
How reich you are.
Alt-right, because the media is ironically too afraid of being called biased, so it doesn't want to just outright call these people racists, homophobes, theocrats, misogynists, bigots, and proto-fascists. When people call them out on this shit they feign outrage over being called out, and normal people's natural instinct is to apologize. Ironically, the anti-PC crowd has been the largest beneficiary of political correctness in the last two years.
It just seems to me that when the Speaker of the House and Senate Majority Leader ENDORSE this man for resident; and the House Oversight Committee chair has said that he has two years of investigations lined up; and prominent Senators have promised to continue obstructing....we should call them the "right"
John Podesta! Risotto! basement dwellers! If your code words read like Drudge report you have gone from left wing to alt-right
Well I suspect a lot more people would gladly be labeled "alt-right" if people with your rhetoric comprise the left.
I was wondering how they could possibly connect Russia to this latest episode of team Clinton stupidity. I hope all of the people who helped her beat Bernie realize that, if trump wins, it's their fault. At best clinton will sneak in with a horribly divided electorate and a shadow that will follow her for four years.
I love how Comey was a Clinton stooge when he failed to prosecute and now he's a Republican Clinton-hater after finding more evidence and reopening the case. Back then it was political hackery that he went one way, now it's political hackery that he's going the other.
He did not reopen the case, that is Chaffetz lie an why isn't the FBI updating us on their Trump case?
Let me guess, he did a shady deal with Russia for US Uranium? [Nope, that's still Hillary.](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/24/us/cash-flowed-to-clinton-foundation-as-russians-pressed-for-control-of-uranium-company.html?_r=0)
A deal so shady, that it was approved, independently by Department of Treasury (committee char) Department of Defense Department of Justice Department of Commerce Department of Energy Department of Homeland Security Office of Science and Technology Policy Office of the United States Trade Representative and those are just the Federal government offices. It was also independently approved by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission AND Utah's Department of Environmental Quality (which has regulatory authority over nuclear materials). Not to mention, there is no evidence that Clinton was involved or was even aware of the deal before it was made. There's no shortage of shady shit that you can find on either candidate, but holy fuck is this one a stretch.
So much shade, we could fight underneath it!
Comey decided to spread innuendo about an investigation that is lacking in evidence, and is just about getting started, going against decades of FBI policy, that too close to an election, in possible violation of the Hatch Act. This is just round one of return fire from people who are much much better at playing these games, and have been doing so for decades against each other. Comey just waded barefoot into the swamp.
Gotta come up with something else for the media to talk about, right?
Russia! Russia! Russia! They forwarded all those emails to Weiner. We know it. The FBI is hiding it! LOLOLOLOL
This is just getting sad now.
Um... The FBI has an active investigation into it, they're not releasing updates so when it comes to those facts he is right
This is just getting sad. You support a criminal for President of the United States just because she has a d next to her name. Shameful.
they are probably just as corrupt as hillary. probably corrupt WITH her.
But Trump said pussy
Okay, in that case, will you admit Donald is a criminal as well? His criminal activity is well documented. Just curious if Trumpeters have any sense of reality or are completely lost.
Donalds crimes aren't putting millions of American lives at risk due to national security policy breaches. Sure, he's talking about grabbing pussys, and he did some work with the mob unions in NY a while back.
They're all fucking criminals this year. Even Jill Stein will probably end up with a record due to osmosis from these two candidates.
Ain't you supporting a criminal as well? Since we can apparently skip the whole innocent until proven guilty then we can skip right ahead and assume Donald is a convicted sex offender already yeah? Or is that different somehow?
Whats more sad is people like you in this country accusing people of crimes by foregoing the " innocent until proven" doctrine of this country. This is what happens when people treat literal right wing lies of anti Clinton propaganda for three decades as facts.
And these are the same people that believe James O'Keefe
"I love the constitution and it is the most sacred thing in America............................................................except when it gives rights to people I don't agree with."
[deleted]
Well then, he'd do well not to meddle in our elections.
Words have meanings. If even Comey can't call her a criminal after saying he'd love to do nothing more than punish her, you don't get to invent charges
>heheeh Comey, who was appointed by a democratic president, is extremely anti-democratic and pro-republican!
I assert that I am the queen of England... did it work?
Your claim is very weak, but you probably have a bloodline. You are going to have to get some Duchies on your side. How is your favor with the Pope? Can you get him to declare a holy war against the Church of England? You might have to give him some gold.
Whoa I just watched someone get a quest Looks waaay over his level too, bugged?
At least WikiLeaks told us about John Podesta and Joule Unlimited Technologies in Russia.
That risotto was outrageous!
It was funny to see the MSM putting out stories on John Podesta's recipes while the rest of the world was reading about collusion, pay-to-play, and the selling of American policy to third world despots. It was like the MSM was so arrogant that they thought people weren't reading. Then every where I went people were talking about what they had read in the WikiLeaks that day. When my IHOP waitress started giving me scoops I hadn't read about yet I knew the MSM was done.
> It was like the MSM was so arrogant... Talking about arrogance of this "MSM" while arrogantly pretending to be a special snowflake. do you have any self awareness with the amount of shit you are spouting here?
Triggered
It's you who is going to get triggered November 8th. That surely will happen, I guarantee it.
Hey at least I am not in denial about what Wikileaks releases contain. Keep hitting that risotto talking point...
Wikileaks contain only one product: Nothing burger. It has been a circlejerk material for the right wing trump supporters all this time now.
Nothing? How about the leaked [US military video shows killing of civilians](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newsvideo/7562590/Leaked-US-military-video-shows-killing-of-civilians.html) You like that one?
Yeah nothingburger is the same hilariously dismissive response given to every breach in ethical or legal conduct that HRC or the DNC cook up. Thanks for the laughs before bed.
The rest of the world? You mean the right wing blogs that took a folder called play to pay which contained oppo research on a GOP member as the democrats being caught at something?
i've been reading all about the emails without looking at right wing blogs (or writing my own right wing blogs).
No, I'm talking about John Podesta's emails. It's a treasure trove of reasons Hillary Clinton will likely be impeached if she somehow obtains the office of the presidency.
The treasure trove of risotto!
If this is the talking point the DNC using this next week I'll be the happiest Trump supporter ever.
You guys have literally just started hysterically screaming emails like a broken robot and you call it talking points
I think you might need to log off for a while. That sentence doesn't even make sense.
Emails! Podesta! Emails! Roster! Basement dwellers!!!
Give one specific email that contains one impeachable offense. I'll wait here...
Pwnt by /u/believeenemie
Clinton campaign was in direct communication with DOJ regarding Hillary's investigation https://www.wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/4178 Bill Clinton receives $1 million "birthday gift" from ISIS-funding Qatar while Hillary was SoS, Qatar receives arms flow increases of 1,482% https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/8396 http://www.ibtimes.com/clinton-foundation-donors-got-weapons-deals-hillary-clintons-state-department-1934187 Hillary sends U.S. intelligence and war plans to Podesta’s hacked email https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/24353#efmAAMABcBJGBON https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/7243 Hillary took money from foreigners for campaign (illegal) https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/11915 https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/2783 Democrats using American lobbyists to money launder foreign donations illegally https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/11915 https://i.sli.mg/7qvL4K.png Hillary campaign caught partaking in insider trading (illegal) https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/10451.html https://wikileaks.com/podesta-emails/emailid/14067 .... The list goes on and is growing with each day's leak.
It was them telling the campaign about the publicly known schedule
Every single link you gave bears NO relation to what you wrote referring to them. You *literally* just copy-pastad a bunch of links *without actually looking at them* You are a *complete* time waster :(
\^\^\^\^ \#HillBully Note this person did not even take the time to point out one reference that did not match up. That's because they're just here to cast dispersions without evidence. Everyone has a purpose I guess...
Dude you are making very loose connections with things you have no context over and saying it is impeachable... This is why nobody believes a thing about any of this besides right wing nuts and why hillary is not going to be impeached....
> Dude you are making very loose connections with things you have no context over and saying it is impeachable See, that's not how it works. You can't reply to a well-sourced (and primary sourced too!) post with just "dude I don't think it's true therefore it isn't." Your lack of any sort of actual rebuttal is obvious
When you are referencing the 'take the money' email as proof that the campaign took foreign money.... that is a loose connection... it doesnt say anything concrete... and none of that will hold up to any closer scrutiny.... The problem is that clintons enemies will just stop there and wont actually dig further.... they will go all the way up until the most inflammatory point to fit their narrative... but other ppl have scrutinized all of this... and its alot of nothing.... I could go line by line and email by email...but it is more of the same but im on vacation and im not giving anymore mindspace to such nonsense... and you can scream to the mountaintops and it wont change what the actual story is which is that there is no story.....
1st. Nobody in that e-mail chain worked for the DOJ, and the only alleged communication was Brian Fallon saying "DOJ folks" which leads me to believe he was friends with someone working there who just gave him a heads up on whatever they were filing--the actual filing was publicly known anyway. 2nd. Only says they "would like" to give him money, no confirmation that he ever accepted it. 3rd. There's no definitive connection there. There were thousands of people that donated to the Clinton Foundation, and some of them had dealings with the American Government as well. Shit, Microsoft donated to the foundation, while simultaneously lobbying the State Department for changes in regulation. Companies look good by being charitable, and that's all they were doing. 4th. Those are not war plans, not in the way you are using that term. That was literally a bullet point of the Obama administration plan for dealing with ISIL. He used a lot of those same points in speeches every day to try and sell the American people on the need to reinforce the Kurdish forces and help fight for the region. But then again, she did skip from 4 straight to 6. Reprehensible use of numbering aside, only point 7 may be construed as actual intelligence, the rest was basically an established strategy laid out (in public) by Obama himself. 5th. If you had done even a quick google search you would see that the [FARA they are mentioning](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foreign_Agents_Registration_Act) is a legitimate piece of US Legislation. They aren't saying they want to take money from Putin or Saudi Royals, they are saying they want to accept money--after much screening--from people who reside in the US or do a lot of business here. It's all legal. Your second e-mail even reveals Clinton wasn't aware her staff had gone through with it and wanted to vet the people they accepted donations from personally. 6th. You referenced the same e-mail again, they made it clear they would only think of accepting donations from FARA-registered people which isn't illegal. 7th. Alright these 2 are way off the mark. The first one is someone giving John Podesta a heads up on a plan they are announcing--completely unsolicited--and there is no proof he personally benefited from it. The second is reference to a policy proposal involving pharmaceutical cost controls and has nobody from any publicly traded companies attached. If you'd like to keep going with this list of yours I'll shoot down any others you got.
yeah they sure do like to assert things they dont actually have anything though or they would have released it, this is stalling and distraction
Ahahaha the damage control in this subreddit is hilarious, you guys are actually fucked. Thanks for the raging justice boner!!!
http://edition.cnn.com/2016/10/30/politics/clinton-emails-fbi-abedin/index.html
Seems like Comey decided he wanted his retirement now. Not 2023
I can't help but notice your oldest post is 15 hours old. Putting in some overtime before the well is dry?
They've definitely suspended some staff recently, there's only a few obvious ones around ATM. And a bunch of anti Hillary stuff has been left upvoted! Very refreshing.
Overtime? wtf I've been doing this shit for free
Everyone but you is paid to be here! I use throwaways after some nutball Trump supporter sent a rape threat to my primary. I now use an account for this sub until it times out and make a new one
Lol
He is an Obama appointment. Wouldn't the next president have appointed someone else?
FBI is a 10 year appointment his started in 2013
Seems more likely he wants to keep his job. oh, and redditor for 15 hours. lol Please don't be upset. What's happening is happening. Nothing you say here chages any of that, so please, whatever.
No Way!
They have been spewing inaccuracies on every post about this
Whatever your political affiliations... comey will not last for the next 180 days....
>ignore the fact that we have no evidence for our claims and the FBI has even life long republicans attacking it for the choice Comey made
http://s.newsweek.com/sites/www.newsweek.com/files/styles/lg/public/2015/09/08/rtx1rdsx.jpg
This Russia stuff is really getting old, there's no proof at all and it all stemmed from the Hillary Campaign. Pretty weak, IMHO.
The DNI had to step in when trump lied twice about the Russia involvement. theyve briefed him on it as early as August
lol at everything you typed.
lol nobody believes russia has anything to do with this election you guys are like the "obama is a kenyan" guys from 08
you mean Donald Trump?
meh trump just latched onto the birth certificate part bit dumb but whatever i never accused trump of being smart or a good politician hes just not russian controlled or kgb or whatever other crazy shit the "trump is russian!!!!" people are like the ones who think obama was a muslim socialist and gay and that his wife is a man thats the level of conspiracy were talking about
7 days...
Purple corn...
That has existed for hundreds of years, unlike some new Reddit accounts posting on /r/politics that have a definite theme of downvoting one side. Has Dave found his cocaine yet?
HAL said he can't do that.
HAL also cheated at chess.
How weak is it when you had to kick out two ppl from the campaign who had close ties to Russia?
The FBI is sitting on "explosive" information regarding Donald Trump and Russia, ~~top Democrat asserts~~ says the guy with dementia.
Says pants on fire Harry Reid.
It's pointless stating something and then not actual justifying your knowledge. The controversy surrounding Hillary Clinton is all based off of evidence and anonymous tip offs by politicians. The stuff thrown at Trump has no basis and has no cohesion to anything at all.
You mean the guy who used campaign donations to buy gifts?
I'd rather a person have gifts paid for, than have policy changes paid for.
Noooo silly it was to pay his attorney fees, from his CHARITY.... unless we are talking about someone else?
NFPs also need lawyers, what's your point
Gifts... for himself. Of himself. In the form of 10 foot paintings of him.
Damnit, does anyone have a good pre-primary restore point on this election? Something went wrong in my save file and it looks like all the candidates are corrupt.
Maybe its about time someone looked into his wives. Russia has always loved its sleeper agents.
It's interesting because I find it easy to believe that Reid would have some kind of knowledge about an ongoing investigation. If that's true, it's possible that his remarks could land him in hot water as well.
Chaffetz tweets something the moment the FBI sends it and you think this statement is the problem?
Does *anyone* take Jason Chaffetz seriously at this point?
Big fucking deal. Russia is not on the State Dept forbidden countries to do business with.
You mean like when Trump was doing business with Cuba?
Tony Rodham. Look him up. Then if you are not scared. .. ..honest intellectual conversation awaits.
Jesus that's lazy. If you have something to say say it. And as the other guy said is he running for president?
Is Tony Rodham running for president? No? Okay then.
I glanced at your comment history and all you do is argue and spew vitriolic nonsense. Please go back to TheDonald and leave /r/politics alone. Thanks.
25+ years ago?
Did he do business with them or not? The Feinstein article seems pretty convincing, still would have been illegal 25 years ago.
err..during the embargo?
[deleted]
You can leave at anytime and no one will miss you.
