As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil) * Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks) * Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail. * In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users. * Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not. Incivility results in escalating bans from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own. *** *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
As Hillary said, at this point "what difference does it make."
hilarious!
Please, mods of this sub, get rid of this annoying ass bot.
Please, mods of this sub, don't get rid of this bot.
Please, mods of this sub, get rid of this annoying ass bot.
People that are voting for Trump, aren't voting for him because they want to see his tax returns. That's what I think a lot of people don't get. The people that aren't voting for him because he hasn't released his returns are the sort of people that probably wouldn't vote for him anyway. At this point in the election cycle, and even back a few months ago, it stopped being an issue because enough people, clearly, didn't care and still don't.
True - and yet it is such a disrespectful slap in the face to Americans. But I guess my thinking that way about it sorta proves your point lol.
It is relevant because his only pseudo-qualification is his business acumen, and tax returns would tell the real story on his wealth. It would also be interesting to see how charitable of a giver he actually is, and whether he had possible foreign business interests, particularly in Russia.
The tax issue isn't about getting his voters to vote for Hillary, it's about getting ambivalent Hillary supporters to actually go vote. It's not the only thing targeting that group, but it's powerful for to a lot of them. It's like bringing up Trump's demonstrable history of sexism and racism. The scum that supports him are mostly racist/sexist themselves... they don't care who he groped, what race he targeted... hell, he could call somebody a n***** on stage and they'd applaud him for it.
>People that are voting for Trump, aren't voting for him because they want to see his tax returns. That's what I think a lot of people don't get. The people that aren't voting for him because he hasn't released his returns are the sort of people that probably wouldn't vote for him anyway. At this point in the election cycle, and even back a few months ago, it stopped being an issue because enough people, clearly, didn't care and still don't. All the people voting for Hillary aren't voting for her because they care about the emails. That's what I think a lot of people don't get. The people that aren't voting for her because she can't handle classified information are the sort of people that wouldn't for for her anyway. At this point in the election cycle, and even back a few months ago, it stopped being an issue because enough people, clearly, didn't care and still don't.
And Clinton supporters couldn't care less about the emails. Lines were drawn and minds were set months ago. The moderates are left to cringe at both choices and lament the whole fiasco.
if you're still trying to make up your mind at this point. I wish I could say hurry up and make up your mind so you can vote, but I don't think anything's different today than it was a month ago.
I think there are people on the fence though, especially those who dislike Hilary. If Trump really seemed more believable and had concrete evidence that he really does care about helping the US become a better country, they would strongly consider him. But really, he's got nothing but empty promises and arrogance for days. Lots of republicans voting for hilary too now, if only because trump is such trash candidate -- if he gave them any reason at all to vote for him they would!
The point is that, hypothetically, his tax returns would show something so egregious that undecided or borderline voters would be turned off enough to stay home or vote for someone else.
Trump wasn't that far off when he said he can murder someone and they would still vote for him.
Just like a lot of Hillary supporters don't know that she used a private email server with the intention of dodging FOIA and lied about it
When it's a tax return vs. thousands of missing emails, you take the lesser of two evils.
Except you don't know what is in either one. Missing emails could be largely mundane family communication or nothing of note, while a tax return could refute statements and expose many financial loopholes and actions of questionable legality. You seem to have made up your mind though.
There was a poll a while back saying that over half his supporters did want him to release his tax returns. And like 75% of the general populace also support it. We've always cared, the problem is his supporters won't let that be a defining issue (which it absolutely should) and think talking about it is just attacking their candidate
Why should it be a defining issue?
Because it's a tradition of American politics, a sign of good faith to the electorate, and has defined a number of elections due to how awful some politicians are privately (see Romney effectively paying no taxes while trying to cut his own). It's on par with Trump also refusing to make a concession speech allowing a peaceful transition of power
It's also tradition to not be under FBI investigation while running for President but that's not stopping Hillary!
Nice deflection, now try to defend Trump. Why can't he release the taxes? Audit? [IRS says it's ok](http://thehill.com/policy/finance/270964-irs-nothing-prevents-trump-from-releasing-tax-returns), [Warren Buffett did it just to prove it false](http://fortune.com/2016/10/10/warren-buffett-taxes-trump/). Even if you think that's an issue, why not release previous years? What's in those emails that is better off not seeing the light of day? [Trump seemed to think it was important during Romney's campaign](http://www.foxnews.com/transcript/2012/01/19/trump-gop-stop-playing-president-obamas-hands/) why don't you think it's important now?
Because attacking Hillary as "crooked" and "corrupt" while hiding your own financials isn't sketchy or hypocritical at all. The guy has 30+ years of lawsuits from ripped-off contractors, the whole "Trump U" debacle, documented connections with mafia-run companies and sketchy foreign businesses- it's kinda crazy he's trying to play the "I'm totes anti-corruption" card. And that some people seem to be buying it.
It certainly still is a big issue, anyone who says otherwise is wrong. Not paying taxes, lying about his net worth and lying about his charitable donations will certainly hit him hard with those moderates and undecideds, so bad it will throw his campaign into free fall with no return. If it truly wasn't an issue he would release them, that's just logic.
Not at this point. Even if he did release them and it showed Putin himself as a dependent to Donnie his base voters wouldn't give a fuck. They just want to watch the world burn. These same assholes will cry when their taxes go up, the jobs Trump promised don't come back, their wages go down and our foreign relations go to shit because Prez Trump called some foerign leader weak over Twitter because Trump acted fucking childish during a diplomatic meeting. They'll cry "We didn't know it would happen! He said MAGA, so we said MAGA!" But hey! Emails, right?!?! ^^/s
Yes at this point, the election isn't over yet and we are only in the early voting stages of it. If it doesn't matter anymore, then he needs to release them. But he won't, why? Because it still matters.
Why should I care? He said he would release them if Hillary released her emails.
Her speeches.
https://youtu.be/AgSbNShGysU
It was Bernie Sanders. http://www.mediaite.com/tv/jane-sanders-well-release-more-tax-returns-after-hillary-releases-speech-transcripts/ And Forbes (editorials)[https://www.google.com/amp/www.forbes.com/sites/robertwood/2016/07/27/hillary-speeches-for-trump-tax-returns-change-maker-for-deal-maker-deal/amp/?client=safari].
Yeah but fuck him for starting this. It will give new candidates excuses to do the same thing. Why are people voting for him anyways? Are they wanting to see the world burn?
I think just like there are tons of people who aren't excited about Hillary but are voting for her because they hate Trump more, there are many people who aren't excited about Trump but hate Hillary more and will vote for Trump to keep her out of the White House. Also, I know it's tradition, but I never understood why we need to see a candidate's taxes in the first place. What do we glean from that?
Didn't the article say that Ford started it? Why does everybody have the "blame Trump" mentality?
Basically, yeah. A lot of people think voting for Trump will mean an end to Washington as we know it. I think that's laughable, but they truly believe that.
Well, fascism is different from a democracy like we had till the GOP became a treasonous loyal opposition in recent years, so now we can't have good stuff. Look at Italy under Berlusconi. Same type of bling appeal to morons.
This stopped being about his tax returns months ago, this is all about yet another blatant lie he's told. For months he has lied about the reasons why he wouldn't release them, but he always ended it with saying that yes, he would release them. Of course he wont, nobody expects him to, but this is proof of yet another blatant lie he's told.
Exactly this. That is why I am voting for Hillary who has never told a lie
How very Trump of you to take something I said, twist it, and create your own reality from it. #MAGA
Was it a lie? I thought he said he wouldn't release his returns because he's under audit. It only would have been a lie if he said that the IRS prevented him from releasing them.
Isn't that what's implied by saying he won't release them because he's under audit? Why is the audit relevant then? Either way, he said he has been under audit for the last 15 years, but he was in fact not under audit 2002 through 2008, so there you go, that's a straight up lie on top of the implied one.
He can release proof that he's under audit. But he won't because he's not under audit.
Okay, so that's a bit of doubt, but not proof that it's a lie.
Anybody with a brain knew he never paid taxes anyway. What's the big deal? The ultra rich don't pay taxes - it's not some big secret.
This. The bombshell would be if it was revealed that Trump actually did pay taxes.
The big deal is we don't know who we owes money to and where it's tied up. We also don't have any proof that he is a successful business man / billionaire as he claims.
The big deal is that releasing his tax returns would reveal the truth about his charitable giving, which he's been talking about for decades, but there's actually very little evidence that he's actually given
I think you're right. His charitable donations are very questionable - and I'm a Trump supporter.
The secret is writing off large losses that never really existed in the first place.
Even if he did this, so what? Don't you guys remember the Panama Papers? The entire aristocracy of the planet is doing this.
Just like it wasn't a big secret that the government was spying on everyone before Edward Snowden - don't mistake the power of hard evidence.
it's not that he didn't pay taxes - most people these days expect that, to be honest. It's the fact that most likely, his tax returns COULD show that he has foreign accounts in Russia - or other foreign investments in Russia (or some other "non-friendly" country) - and that could be seen as a terrible conflict of interest.
"Russia? I have investments there. *The best investments*. Let me tell you folks, these investments are *yuge*." Could you imagine the fallout if Putin seized Trump's bank accounts? That could lead to actual, literal fallout. If he does have investments in Russia, is that damning? Don't billionaires have investments all over the planet? Unless they find serious and direct ties to the Russian government, I can't imagine why that would be a scandal for Trump's voters. I wonder if Comey has proof of *both* candidates being what the other is claiming they are. That would explain quite a bit.
I don't think taxes paid (or not) is the thing he's hiding. I think WHO he does business is in conflict with his message
> The ultra rich don't pay taxes I'll admit that I never actually read her tax returns but I was under the impression that Clinton paid a sizable amount of taxes. Is this not true?
Clinton is not ultra rich by any means. Ultra rich is billionaires (in my opinion).
To be fair it's debatable whether or not Trump is actually a billionaire as well. A quick google search says that Hillary Clinton's net worth around 31.3 million dollars, this means **her net worth is one hundred and five times the minimum requirement to be in the 1%.** I would be surprised to find anyone who does not consider that ultra rich. Either way as others have pointed out Warren Buffet has paid his taxes sense he was a teenager. Math was done assuming these sources are acurate http://blogs.wsj.com/economics/2016/03/02/what-percent-are-you-2/ http://moneynation.com/hillary-clinton-net-worth/
Before this election, probably a billionaire. Afterwards, probably not. Again, some will pay (and do so very publicly), but the vast majority hide their funds from taxes. Remember the Panama Papers?
Of course I remember the panama papers and I understand that many wealthy people commit tax evasion. My point was that a lot of rich people are morally grounded enough to pay their dues and a blanket statement like "rich people don't pay taxes" is a gross overstatement. It's a big deal because tax evasion is morally corrupt and shows greed, [you can't say it's not worth making a big deal about because everyone is doing it.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argumentum_ad_populum)
Just because it has a fallacy doesn't mean it's *not true*. Very few billionaires pay taxes. If I'm not mistaken, he actually came out and said it during the debates.
The logical fallacy that I linked does not address whether or not billionaires pay taxes. It address your point that Trump's tax evasion is no big deal simply because it's a common thing to do. I respect your opinion but I don't think we are going to agree on this.
It's a big deal because this is the person who wants to lead the government that all us normal people pay taxes to support.
Not quite... Warren Buffett released his tax returns showing that he has in fact paid taxes.
The mere fact that we have to single out billionaires who do pay taxes is really something.
The Clintons paid a high rate as well, most wealthy people do. Trump is one of the bad ones, not all rich people try to avoid paying federal taxes.
ties to russia , what his real net worth is, his charitable donations
You clearly never filed tax returns... that would not show on the papers
tax returns would show if he has investments in russia, they would show where charitable money goes as well
I'll let you know a secret, he has investments everywhere and probably Russia. Again, it's not a secret. The Bushes had investments in WWII and Hugo Boss made the Nazi uniforms. Lots of business people have financial dealings in multiple countries, it's not a conspiracy, it's business.
lol. trump denied he had business in russia. so il let you know a secret that probably wouldn't bother you: if thats the case hes a proven liar.
Is that not already the case?
Lol, net worth isn't on a tax return and neither would ties to russia. Donations, yes.
yep.
Im far more concerned with his business dealings with Russia, than him paying taxes.
> Anybody with a brain knew he never paid taxes anyway. What's the big deal? The ultra rich don't pay taxes - it's not some big secret. He has a secret he's trying to keep under wraps. A big one. The fact that he was outed on not paying taxes ("that's smart") and still didn't release them means definitively that he's hiding something. It's probably ties to Russia or he's not that rich, or both.
He was "outed" on using a loophole Hillary is known to use and that she herself wrote.
That doesn't really follow
It does follow. The early speculation why he wouldn't release them is that they showed he paid no taxes and didn't want that known. Because he has publicly confirmed that, it is now reasonable to assume his returns have something worse in them. The only other reason is because he's stubborn and is dug in on not releasing - and I actually think that's as / more likely.
>That doesn't really follow It absolutely does. Consider the below response and also consider his son literally saying on video that their portfolio is disproportionately balanced towards Russian assets. It doesn't take a genius to connect the dots. >It does follow. The early speculation why he wouldn't release them is that they showed he paid no taxes and didn't want that known. Because he has publicly confirmed that, it is now reasonable to assume his returns have something worse in them.
Yeah? A bigger secret than Hillary's emails or speeches? Please. Even if the dude committed tax fraud at this point it would be laughable to compare it to what Hillary and the Clinton Foundation have done. What? You think his tax returns are going to show him receiving foreign donations? Meddling with foreign elections? Paying for drone strikes? Give it a rest already.
There has been nothing in the speeches nor the emails that are a big dead. Corresponding with DWS about wanting to bet Bernie? big deal, it's tucking politics -coven bernie knows this. And, what the fuck will be in the speeches? thus far the biggest issue is she said 'you have a public opinion, and a private one' - OF COURSE YOU DO. I don't tell my coworkers everything you think. And, for a public discourse, you try and influence perception without revealing your complete position. This isn't even an 'issue' ecept for people looking to make that reality mean something that it doesn't. The real issue with the speeches wont be what a potential alt-right trump voter would care about anyway - any real issue there will simply be that Clinton is ACTUALLY slightly right leaning on economic issues and would alienate the left. These speeches were already given IN THE PUBLIC. There is nothing help to hurt trump.
I hope he does have ties to Russia because I certainly don't want to go to war with them...
Coward.
He claims that the "Trump" brand is worth billions and thats why hes a billionaire, the problem is that you cant trade his brand on the NY stock exchange so unless someone comes along and actually buys the rights to his brand its not worth anything. People certainly do pay him for his brand right now but its not going to be nearly the same as if someone bought the whole thing.
Man, I wish we could see the depreciation he claims on his brand value after this election...
Maybe he's broke and Russian money is keeping him propped up.
Was it Breitbart that was asking Trump to release his taxes, only to be added to his campaign team and immediately did a 180?
Some light treason
There would likely be definitive proof that he doesn't really give to charity, also.
I don't think he cares about that. That's just facts, and those don't matter.
But now we know he didn't pay taxes and he still won't release his records. There must be something else that he doesn't want voters to see.
He'll release them when everyone else does the same.
Clinton's returns are available on her [website](https://www.hillaryclinton.com/page/tax-returns/)...
Wait, who else hasn't released their tax returns?
I haven't. I don't think any of my friends have either. :)
I mean, I would, but the EITC has been kind to my family while I finish up grad school, and I'm pretty sure Trump would oppose it vehemently if he knew enough about the tax code to know what that is.
That doesn't follow
Mark Cuban IIRC wrote that it's because his personal returns will shed a lot of light on his business practices, and he doesn't want *that* exposed
Maybe. Maybe not.
He's "maybe not" hiding *something*? Why else would he choose not to release them?
Idk, I just don't assume wrongdoing.
Not saying it's right but he really lost nothing not releasing then. What could he possibly have to gain?
Gain trust for once? But that ship has sailed.
I don't think you can say he's lost nothing by not releasing them. He's currently polling at a 20% chance to win. This has been a major issue throughout this election.
I don't completely disagree. He obviously did lose some votes because he never released them. Hell in my opinion he lost a ton more because of all the other nonsense the past few months.
Because he has no reason to. As OP said, the only people who care at this point aren't voting for him anyway. He gains nothing by releasing them. He only opens himself up to more media attack.
> He only opens himself up to more media attack. If he had nothing to hide, why would he be attacked? I disagree with the assertion that it wouldn't help to sway some votes in his favor if he released them and everything was exactly as he's said the whole time. It would certainly earn him some credibility.
The most believable hypothesis I have heard is because it would show he is not wealthy as he claims. It may seem counter intuitive for an average person but Trump is not an average person. His self worth is intimately tied to his own self image of being very successful i.e. wealthy. To trump Money=success=self-worth and if it were to come out that he was only worth say $250 million (a lot to any sane person) then that would be morally debilitating for him. We are talking about a person who coats nearly everything in a gold veneer. He is obsessed with the appearance of wealth and he would rather give up the presidency than admit he's not a billionaire. To be clear, I think the Clinton's are bad people willing to do anything to maintain power so I'm no Hillary fan by any stretch. There are lots of different ways people can be crazy and It's just that trump is a different kind of crazy than the clintons.
Loans, loans, lots of loans...
His tax returns would reveal his complete lack of charitable donations, which he lies about a lot.
Or would reveal that he is claiming charitable deductions that he didn't really make.
That's the exact reason the Clinton foundation was created lol
Or questionable connections.
Guessing he likely claimed all those bills he didn't pay to reduce his net income.
As a non american it is absurd, close to unbelievable. I thought it just was an anti-American exaggeration that the rich don't pay taxes in USA. I knew that it isn't like it is here in Sweden that the more you earn the bigger percentage of it you payed as taxes, but I thought that they at least payed the same amount or something. That they don't pay at all or atleast less money than big part of the rest of the population is just mind boggling for me.
It IS an exaggeration. The top 1% pay over 40% of the income taxes in the US. When people claim the rich don't pay taxes they are talking out of their asses.
Like I said, I don't know much about tax laws. I am no expert in Swedish laws and even worse in American. You have any source for the 40% claim?
It is an exaggeration. Many do not pay income tax due to heavy investing, alternate forms of compensation and simply not working for pay, but they very much do pay taxes and the amounts are more than the average person will earn in a lifetime. Run a company? Everything you pay yourself is taxed like any other income. Stock options? The company paid taxes for you to get them. Investments in the stock market in general? 15% of profitable withdrawals or sales goes to the government. Own property? Ever hear of property taxes? They're deducted from your income tax too because you're already paying the government. Rich parents die? There's an estate tax that collects up to half (half because there are ways to mitigate this to lower amounts if you can afford $10k on a cpa). They pay plenty in taxes, just often not income tax because it's more complicated than that.
The rich do pay taxes in the US. You are forgetting that this is Reddit. The rich may not be paying enough taxes according to many, but they do pay taxes.
>I thought it just was an anti-American exaggeration that the rich don't pay taxes in USA. In general, it is.
The top earning Americans pay the overwhelming majority of the taxes. The idea that they don't is a liberal lie.
To be fair, he still paid plenty of other kinds of taxes. Just not personal income taxes. This is because of depreciation and him being able to write off the massive loss he had awhile back (Pretty sure Bill Clinton helped make this part into law btw).
as an american in florida, no one gives a sh$t. you either for him or against him. simple.
Don't believe them. Your original intuition was correct. The rich do pay taxes. What happens though is if you have losses you don't pay taxes on that. For instance if I work at a job I earn $40k per year so I pay taxes on the $40k. But imagine I created my own job, lost $40k in the first year, earned $40k in the second year, and then earned $40k in the third year. I would not pay taxes the first year (duh) and I would pay taxes on the third year (again, duh). The part this riles people up here on Reddit who've never run a business before is that I don't pay taxes during the 2nd year. I don't get that thinking because so far you have only broken even. Do you really want businesses that are cyclic to pay taxes in boom years and lose everything falling into bankruptcy in bad years? Being able to defer income due to losses is a great thing and Clinton even took a similar deduction via capital losses in 2015. It isn't the same deduction Trump took but it is almost identical in purpose.
Let it be known though that what he did while unethical, it is legal. What needs to be done is change laws and close loopholes.
Yea, I never meant that it wasn't. That this is the norm is the thing that is absurd for me.
The whole discussion is a federal personal income tax. The ultra rich get their money from many other ways, and purposefully so because personal income is taxed the highest. You can't really blame them.
> In 2013, the bottom 50 percent of taxpayers (those with AGIs below $36,841) earned 11.49 percent of total AGI. This group of taxpayers paid approximately $34 billion in taxes, or 2.78 percent of all income taxes in 2013. > In contrast, the top 1 percent of all taxpayers (taxpayers with AGIs of $428,713 and above), earned 19.04 percent of all AGI in 2013, but paid 37.80 percent of all federal income taxes. > In 2013, the top 1 percent of taxpayers accounted for more income taxes paid than the bottom 90 percent combined. The top 1 percent of taxpayers paid $465 billion, or 37.80 percent of all income taxes, while the bottom 90 percent paid $372 billion, or 30.20 percent of all income taxes. http://taxfoundation.org/article/summary-latest-federal-income-tax-data-2015-update
It's a little more complicated than that -- the rich *do* have a higher income tax rate, but they tend to make more money from investments, which are taxed at a lower rate in order to encourage people to put more money in the economy. And when you have more money, you have more opportunities to do things like loss harvesting that artificially decrease the income you report.
you do pay more as you make more, the tax rate gets very high for normal wages when you're making huge sums of money. the problem are all the exploitable loopholes for non traditional forms of income.
It is definitely frustrating. It's even moreso because they SHOULD pay more - they actually do have a higher tax bracket. But they also have tax lawyers and loopholes. On balance, most super rich people DO pay a lot of taxes in other forms, but the fact that they can avoid so much of their income tax burden is ridiculous.
Well wait until you understand how welfare for the rich works. The government gives tax breaks and handouts to companies to "generate jobs" or such, pretty much bribes to locate a factory or such somewhere it is needed for the local population (usually in a marginal electorate or swing state).
Some of them actually get paid BY the government come tax-time. I know that's especially true of any corporations...being more equal people and all.
Even as an American it's frustrating. As broke as this country is...
America isn't broke due to lack of tax revenue, don't let that false narrative take root.
Yes, a few tens of million from the Don will close our trillion dollar deficit....
Look tax loopholes are one thing but to say America is broke is just objectively false.
[deleted]
That's not what broke means. Broke means you can't make debt payments. I guess technically having your net worth be negative you do fit one definition of broke, but it's not really one that people use.
Ok since there's like 6 people telling me I'm wrong I'll concede this and admit I may be wrong here. ELI5 then WHY ON EARTH America won't pay off the money if we so easily can?
Let's say I have $10,000 in credit card debt at an interest rate of 2.43%/year. I receive a $1,000 check, and need to decide what to do with it. If I paid off my debt, I would save $243 per year. However, if I invested it in my very successful small business, that business would earn $600 more per year. As long as I'm not near my credit card limit or in danger of defaulting, it is much more advantageous ($357/year more, in this hypothetical example) to invest in my success rather than to pay off my low interest debt. This is the thinking of the US Government. They believe that by investing in the economic success of the country (the best way to do this ...is not universally agreed upon), they can increase the tax base, and thus increase future tax revenue. This is essentially what happened between WWII and the beginning of Reagan's presidency: our debt increased, but our GDP increased faster, so a [graph of national debt vs GDP](http://i.imgur.com/heGIu2d.png) shows we were making significant progress. The strategy hasn't been working so well for us lately, and there are a lot of fingers to be pointed. No one knows for sure what the best thing to do is, but the general logic above is agreed upon by the majority of economists.
We make regular payments on our debts. In most cases of debt the terms of repayment are set ahead of time, the Chinese can't demand all their debt back tomorrow and we can't demand they take it back more quickly because we're uncomfortable being in debt.
We are paying it off. That's why we aren't broke. We have more debt than we have cash on hand at any one point but we have enough money (or income) to pay toward or "service" this debt and still have money left over to spend on stuff like the military or healthcare or whatever else. It's like borrowing money to go to college. It costs more money than you have, but you pay it off in many small payments and you can still pay for food and rent and stuff.
If you know anything about current assets, basic finance and accounting America is not broke. Someone can have a loan on a million dollar house half paid off and a new loan on a 100k car and have 100k in the bank. This means they are 500k in debt but still have 600k in assets not accounting for depreciation. Think about all of the land and assets America has compared to the monetary debt.
That's not how the national debt works. America is far from broke.
Debt that we can pay off if we so chose, we make $7.1 trillion *a year*. Most of that debt is owed to Americans too, one of the safest investments you can make is buying a treasury bond.
We have plenty of money for war and keeping the rich happy, none for education, healthcare, or taking care of our vets. If America doesn't change its path we will be fucked.
Healthcare is like the biggest portion of our budget though...
Military
http://www.cbpp.org/research/federal-budget/policy-basics-where-do-our-federal-tax-dollars-go
It might help make your point if you didn't link to a right-wing think-tank to make it. That said, the statistics are largely accurate, but it's worth putting some of this into perspective since people get easily confused here. Military spending represents a minority (and not even a plurality) of spending overall, though it is usually in the same league as the largest category of spending (healthcare) as you say. When people claim that military spending makes up a majority of the budget they are usually referring to "discretionary" spending (people often don't realize this is where this figure comes from. Military spending makes up over 50% of all discretionary spending. Now, the budget is divided between mandatory and discretionary spending (most of which is mandatory, ~60%) (plus some other things like interest payments on debt, but these make up a relatively small percentage). Mandatory spending, as the name implies, is spending that the federal government has no choice in: given current laws and population facts they have to put X dollars towards certain things. Discretionary spending is where the government has some choice. Do they want to put more money towards certain projects? Here is where military spending far outnumbers spending in other areas. Over 50% of discretionary spending goes towards the military. It is worth noting that military spending makes up practically 0% of mandatory spending.
Would it not make sense that discretionary military spending is high if it is not mandatory? The government needs to support the military and if it isnt mandatory then all of the money needs to come from discretionary budgets
> We have plenty of money for war and keeping the rich happy, none for education, healthcare, or taking care of our vets. The standard Republican way.
healthcare is super profitable!
This is what I'm taking about when I say broke. Maybe it's just that we put money in the wrong areas.
> If America doesn't change its path we will be fucked We are already there. Just the fact that we have people struggling to put food on their tables is enough to blow my mind. We got plenty to go around.
I'll be over at 6PM for dinner tomorrow night. No pasta, don't cheap out on me, there's plenty to go around.
That would be fine. You like fajitas?
Hell yes, thanks
Let me get 200 chicken Fah-jitas
Actually, most "rich" people in the US actually do pay income tax on a progressive scale. It's not as high as in Sweden, but still scales up to about 40%. If you're making $200,000 a year in income, you pay more than twice what someone making $100,000 a year does. It's once you get to the ultra-rich that you begin seeing abnormally low real tax rates. One of the big keys is that the ultra-rich can often claim money made as capital gains as opposed to income. This is a big deal because capital gains tax is capped at 20%. To put this in perspective, any income above ~$37,000 is taxable at 25% under US income tax law. This is where you get the "Trump pays a lower share of taxes than his secretary" headline - because he's paying 20% tax on income made from Trump investments, while his secretary is paying more.
Depends if it's short term or long term capital gains. Short term is taxed at your income bracket. Long term is capped at 20%. People like Buffet and Gates aren't living hand to mouth, therfore they can ride the swings of the market and wait for their investments to become long term.
> It's not as high as in Sweden, but still scales up to about 40%. My effective income tax rate is 44%.
> It's once you get to the ultra-rich that you begin seeing abnormally low real tax rates. One of the big keys is that the ultra-rich can often claim money made as capital gains as opposed to income. that's not true. I make 105k a year and after federal and state taxes, my take home pay is around 65%-60%. My SO has a base salary of 1.5m that is before his bonuses and he has to pay around 40% in taxes as well. i think the trump rule only applies to people that own businesses. if you simply have a high income, i don't think you get to claim money as capital gains...
The problem with running your own business right now and taking capital gains is that the corporate tax rate is 35%. You can draw a salary at ordinary income and it needs to be fair (what is fair CEO pay?). Then you can draw a dividend for anything else that is left if you don't mind raiding your business's coffers. That you only pay 20% on. But you already paid 35% making this practically 55%. Looks great on a personal return. But you just lost 10 - 20% of your business's income via taxes that you didn't have to.
Only C corps bro
Yeah, I can see how that was unclear. What I meant is that the ultra-rich often get the chance (because they own capital). It's not that all rich people use capital gains to lower effective tax rates, but rather that only rich people do. You don't see people making $50,000 claiming capital gains.
> You don't see people making $50,000 claiming capital gains. Actually you do. My mom makes less than $25k per year. When you finish doing the taxes the software always shows you how others in your income level compare to you giving the average or median. The amount for capital gains is non-zero for her income level.
>It's not as high as in Sweden, but still scales up to about 40%. If you're making $200,000 a year in income, you pay more than twice what someone making $100,000 a year does. Not quite. The US does use a progressive tax system but for someone who makes $200k would pay the same rate on the first $100k as the person who *only* makes $100k. Anything that puts that person into the next bracket would be taxed at the new rate but everything below would be taxed at the rate at which it was earned. Tl/dr; $200k is not taxed twice what 2x $100k.
First, the term is effective tax rates. Second, Democrats are as dedicated to not changing capital gains taxes as Republicans are. Third, it's been proven that low capital gains taxes is having the largest effect on reducing upward mobility. This is what people mean when they day both parties are the same. Neither side is willing to change the things that could have the largest effect. Gun control, abortion, and entitlement spending are meaningless next to the effect higher capital gains taxes could have on this country.
Normally I would agree with you, but this year one party is running a candidate who wouldn't defend Lithuania from a Russian invasion and one is not. Both parties are awful, but only one of them managed to put forward one of their members, instead of letting a joke candidate slip through due to their own incompetence.
> Second, Democrats are as dedicated to not changing capital gains taxes as Republicans are. [Clinton wants to change capital gains taxes](http://www.taxpolicycenter.org/taxvox/clinton-wants-change-capital-gains-taxes)
It's actually Buffet vs his secretary, except that his "secretary" makes $250k.
And she still barely pays 15%? There's something wrong there. I was paying far higher when I was making $200k.
No. Her salary is definitely taxed at the 35% bracket.
Eh, didn't Buffett release his tax forms and he does pay taxes and he's an actual billionaire.
[deleted]
> Buffett, meanwhile, says he has paid federal income taxes every year since 1944, when he was 13, and **has never used a carryforward from a loss** on any of those 72 tax returns. That’s not to be confused with carried interest, another provision that Trump brought up in Sunday’s debate that allows certain wealthy investors to collect a tax benefit on some investments. But Buffett has previously told Fortune that he does not have any investments that would allow him to take advantage of that provision. > > In mentioning Buffett’s supposedly “massive deduction,” Trump may have been referring to the Oracle of Omaha’s charitable donations, which are indeed massive. Last year, Buffett gave nearly $2.86 billion to charity—nearly our estimate of what Trump is worth in total—much of which was in the form of Berkshire Hathaway stock—making him one of the top philanthropic donors in the world. **But Buffett could only deduct a relatively small portion of that—less than $3.5 million, or 0.12% of his total donations**—on his tax returns because U.S. tax law caps the charitable amount that people can deduct. > > On the flip side, Trump hasn’t even come close to approaching the limit on charitable contributions: The last donation he made to his own philanthropy, the Donald J. Trump Foundation, was in 2008 for only $30,000, according to Inside Philanthropy. --[How Warren Buffett's Released Tax Returns Prove Trump Wrong](http://fortune.com/2016/10/10/warren-buffett-taxes-trump/), Fortune, 10/10/2016
So, it will be taxed at some point? Also I wonder who gives more to charity, Trump or Buffet?
Buffet gave more to charity in one year than Trump's net worth... so... not even close
[deleted]
>that for the most part hyper wealthy people don't pay the **income taxes** they should; regardless of what they say. Buffet pays taxes on his income though, just not on his wealth.
I'm gonna call bull on one aspect of your scenario: Only having .2% of your money in Liquid assets (Stocks aren't liquid) is just asking for a market crash to ruin you forever. Also, the man has multiple business holdings in various companies, not just stocks and bonds. He's got a very diverse portfolio. Your point remains, and you're correct, his tax rate is very low even though he doesn't actively attempt to dodge taxes, but your scenario is a bit silly.
His "business holdings" are stock. Just because it's private equity doesn't mean it's not stock. Regardless, almost all of his wealth is his stock in his own company, which is publicly traded. His wealth is almost entirely stock. Just like Gates, Ellison, etc.
Why would you pay tax on assets? Besides property tax there are (afaik) no other taxes on assets. You can talk about taxing the income from those assets, cause that makes sense, but just taxing assets is literally wealth redistribution.
Trump brought up Buffets name again in the 3rd debate. it's like he had no idea Buffet called him out on it. Missed opportunity from Hillary there.
Buffet did get to save taxes with Wall Street trading loopholes. It's not hard to understand different businesses have different laws regulating their taxes.
They are not in the same class. Donald Trump is a striver trying to exaggerate how much money he has. He doesn't have quite enough to cover his lifestyle and profile. Warren Buffett's problem is that he actually has too much money. It is literally difficult for him to spend or invest so much money. Impossible, in terms of wine or lifestyle. He could buy all the vineyards in the world. Actually, buffett has trouble investing, because nothing is _big_ enough for him to buy anymore.
Yes because he was profitable
He's not a real estate investor though, at least not on the scale of trump. That's where most of his tax breaks come from.
Haha of course he's not in real estate because he's successful in finance where you make the big bucks.
Some do because they see the need for it and because it can hurt perception of them and what they do if the don't. Many can easily avoid having to though. That or they can significantly limit how much they pay by changing where their money is or how they gain wealth.
Yes, an effective tax rate of 17.4% That's really low for his income. It's the norm for the ultra rich. Dem or Repub.
He's also said (and as a way of saying how absurd our tax law is, which he wants to see reformed) that he pays less in taxes than his secretary
>actual billionaire. Subtle dig on Trump. I love it.
I mean he is a billionaire so it's more-so a circlejerk than an actual, valid dig. And even if he wasn't, I'm pretty sure he has more money than you'll ever see in your lifetime.
How do you know, you got his tax return?
this is the how I know you have no clue how finances work. If you think you are going to learn more about someones net worth in taxes than you are in financial disclosure forms, you clearly have no clue what you are talking about. Taxes are going to tell you little to no information concerning the wealth of a person. He already stated that he pays very little in federal income tax due to taking a $1 billion in 1995. Getting mad at someone for using the tax code to his benefit legally is foolish and scraping the bottom of the barrel for something to hate someone for. Get mad at the people who make the laws, not the people who follow them.
I've combed your comment for a reason *why* he hasn't followed tradition in releasing them but all I see is an apologist
Probably the giant skyscraper in the middle of New York. But ya know, let's not use logic.
Inherited somewhere between $50MM and $200MM. If he's only worth $200MM... The it's a direct dig at the fact that he didn't do shit for his money. And no one knows how much he's worth. We do know that at one point he valued his Name as an asset worth $3B. How much does he value it at today? If his net worth is Name + $200MM, then he didn't do shit.
Yall are so desperate. I mean the giant skyscrapers and hundreds of businesses in his name don't mean anything. Keep trying though.
Who's desperate? You mean slapping my name on a bunch of shitty casinos and real estate developments (that I don't even build, I just "license" my name to) makes me a billionaire? Get ready to see "PragmaticSquirrel Hotels" coming soon to a shitty east coast armpit near you! Keep digging your head into the sand, eventually you'll find air! Or gold! Or whatever it is you're looking for, dum dum
Lol you literally have no idea what you're talking about. I'm very impressed that you, a nobody, knows all the business Donald Trump does. I'm actually impressed that you know every single venture he goes into and how he makes money. How do you have time for reddit, I wonder.
I felt like $13,537,629,348.21 yesterday. Today, it's only about tree fiddy.
At some point you have to decide whether you're going to claim he's not really a billionaire, or he's a billionaire who doesn't pay taxes. You can't keep playing both angles.
The likely scenario is that he's a multi-hundred-millionaire who doesn't pay federal income taxes.
Looking at his financial history that *is* the likely scenario. When he went to Deutsche Bank for a loan previously, and reported his personal worth as 3.5 billion, they demanded and got his full financial papers. Their accountants came back stating he was grossly overreporting and estimated him at 750 million max.
Buffet also donates a ton of money to charity and doesn't take full deductions for them. Trump? He doesn't donate jack shit.
There's always an exception to the rule.
That's because Buffett (and Gates to a certain extent) are atavisms. They actually believe in social responsibility and a degree of noblesse oblige. The ultra-rich certainly *should* be paying taxes on at least direct income, and in Buffett's case he chooses to. The problem is the tax code is many thousands of pages long with nearly infinite loopholes. If you have enough money to pay for creative accountants, you can almost certainly get out of paying taxes by one method or another. Exploiting those loopholes is a choice, however. It's definitely a choice most people can sympathize with when they see half or more of their nominal income siphoned off by an increasingly inept and corrupt government and used to bomb people the vast majority of American's would get along just fine with, but it's still a choice.
> That's because Buffett (and Gates to a certain extent) are atavisms. They actually believe in social responsibility and a degree of noblesse oblige. yeah, I don't believe that for one second. as I said in another comment, both those guys were rich as hell in the 90's and still did everything in the power to accumulate more. Gates was a straight up mafioso. It's only now that he's older, closer to dying, has a family, and is thus reflecting on his legacy, that he seems to care much about anyone else.
Oh there's certainly quite a bit of image manipulation and public relations involved in the later altruism. You don't get to be that rich without being a shark, and Gates obviously took a lot of pleasure in making a killing. But being ruthless in the business arena is not necessarily at odds with being philanthropic, or having a general desire to give back to the greater society in which you built your business. In fact in a lot of cases, the drive for ever increasing efficiencies and ever higher productivity in a business setting is a direct result of the desire to free up resources (time, capital) for use in other more nebulous spheres - the arts, research, personal "pie in the sky" projects etc. Elon Musk is the prime example of that with Tesla, SpaceX, and Hyperloop. Yes those companies may end up highly profitable at some point, but they're essentially ego projects that started from Musk's Paypal money in an effort to further human development.
>with nearly infinite loopholes. If you have enough money to pay for creative accountants, you can almost certainly get out of paying taxes by one method or another. It's hilarious when people who know nothing about accounting try to make statements like this.
You're absolutely right, I know fuck all about accounting. This is just the general impression I (and I think a lot of people) get from seeing things like Mr. Trump's *apparent* tax history, or General Electric getting a six billion dollar tax refund. If you're a tax accountant and have anecdotes about avoiding taxes - or not - I'd love to learn more.
> General Electric getting a six billion dollar tax refund Never happened. Where are you getting these ridiculous claims? I am an accountant, but I can't exactly teach you tax accounting in a reddit comment. Suffice it to say the whole "if you can afford expensive accountants you can get out of anything," idea that so many people have is totally incorrect. In simplest terms it's just the fact that the tax code is set up to encourage investment so you can take investment losses and use them to reduce your taxable income.
> a choice most people can sympathize with when they see half or more of their nominal income siphoned off by an increasingly inept and corrupt government Examples?
Microsoft doesn't pay taxes, they keep money offshore like Apple, etc etc Microsoft has a long history of anti-competitive actions that hurt the computer industry.
That is money earned on foreign income That's how it's offshore in the first place, it wasn't made in the US They pay taxes on their US income As does Apple, Google, Amazon and everyone else These companies are all multinationals with most of their business outside the US They DO pay taxes on the US bit
Who is losing half or more of their income? Even the highest tax bracket is only 35%. Add California's highest state tax bracket (the highest state tax bracket there is at the state level) and you're still only at 48%. Social Security is more of a forced savings account than a tax and if you're at the highest bracket, you've limited out anyway. Nobody has an effective tax rate above 50% in the US. And the group of people who are closest to the 50% mark are the wealthiest of the wealthy in California. Nearly all of whom lean left.
I pay a nominal Federal tax rate of 32%. Then I pay 3.75% to the State, 1% earnings tax to the city my job is in. I own a fairly modest middle class house, but even factoring in my SO's portion, I pay ~7% of my income into property taxes on the house. Then when I actually buy anything with the money left, I'm paying 8% sales tax. My state has recently forced Amazon and other online retailers to collect that sales tax so that "loophole" is gone for most people. Add in other unavoidable government fees ($150 a year to register the car, drivers license fees, utility taxes, taxes on earned interest etc) and it's well north of 50% of "nominal" income going to one level of government or other. I say nominal because the payroll taxes taken out of every check are essentially corporate taxes and just an other layer of distraction to cover up the fact that most individuals are taking home and spending an ever smaller slice of the pie. I'd even be alright with that tax rate if I was getting a reasonable service return on those dollars, but I don't get health care, the roads I drive on are falling apart, the small town I live in can't fix sidewalks or hire enough teachers because 95% of the property taxes are going to the county and state and never come back... It's just getting sucked into a black morass of corruption, bailouts, and war.
Great point. But also you dont have to be ultra rich to not pay your taxes. If you take a financial hit you can also take those losses against your capital gains tax. Im not a Trump fan at all, but I do the same thing - who wouldnt? Trump still has to pay income tax, but as a business owner its pretty easy for him to say he didnt take in any income and dodge taxes that way. I try to pay as little tax as possible. Does that make me a bad citizen? You tell me.
It also pokes a huge hole in what he's running on, though. If he is running on being a great business man, yet lost $1 billion, that doesn't pan out right. Additionally, if he's still using those losses that means he hasn't made enough to offset that $1 billion. Meaning his net worth isn't close to the amount he claims. It's a tricky situation and I think that's why he's not releasing his returns.
The main issue is that he offset those losses not incurred by him against his personal income taxes.
> I try to pay as little tax as possible. Does that make me a bad citizen? You tell me. Not at all, in fact I think it's everyone's obligation to exploit as many loopholes as possible if for no other reason than to force a re-write of the entire tax edifice. The fact that tax return preparation is a multi-billion dollar industry should be enough of an indication that things are out of control.
Not really, the fact that it is a multi billion dollar industry doesn't be enough of an indication. When you so many million people in a country and so many million different businesses, why on earth would it not make sense for tax planning and preparation be a large business?
Well the general idea would be for the tax structure to be simple enough that most people could figure out what they owed by filling out a single form. "I'm in the 25% tax bracket, my employer has withheld 24.9% over the course of the year, let me write you a check for .1%" The problem comes with things like the alternative minimum tax, the various tax credits that apply before witholdings, the thousand and one deductions that may or may not matter in lieu of the standard deduction, etc etc ad infinitum. *Income* tax at least could be vastly simplified while still remaining progressive. Just get rid of deductions and the AMT and shift the brackets down so everyone's paying a lower base rate, but there aren't so many opportunities to "cheat". Simplifying the tax code equitably is a non-trivial exercise and highly unlikely politically, but it *could* be done to the benefit of a large majority of the population.
I think the thing you are forgetting is that tax is changed or created generally to create change. That is why it is so difficult now. Yes we would all love a simple structure where we can apply a simplistic percentage or remove all deductions, but we have to enforce or promote behaviour. As an example, an R&D deduction for companies, you might implement an incentive where a company can multiply their R&D expense by 1.25 to promote more businesses to be innovative and invest in R&D.
He's paid taxes since the 50s, apparently he has some sort of accounting fetish and has records of every year he's paid taxes, which is quite a few. Buffett was literally the worst billionaire trump could have used as an example
He's paid taxes every year, and it's not a fetish, it's called being responsible with your personal affairs.
I meant the part where he has his tax returns from the last 70ish years. I keep mine in a shoebox for about 3.
> accounting fetish I hear he's into *double entry*. (   )
Double debit
And Gates and Buffet are the two richest men of the country. The 1% of the 1% are left leaning. \\\_()_/
Left leaning because they already have their money... raising tax rates only makes it harder to become more rich, so they can maintain their relative wealth by supporting it
I don't think you've done any [research.](http://www.robinhoodtax.org/) They aren't looking to raise the general tax rate, but to raise the top rates. They understand that a proper tax and social safety net will create a stronger society. A stronger society will have a better economy. Which is better for everyone. Or they simply read every history book that shows when the poorest lose hope they tend to hang the rich and burn civilization to the ground. Only the truly stupid don't understand this concept.
Ive done plenty of research.. i disagree with the idea that taxes and social safety nets create a stronger society.. i say they create a dependent one. When tax rates rise, it makes it harder for everyone to accumulate wealth and to become richer. History shows that when the poorest lose hope, they tend to hang government officials and burn government to the ground. Rich people who use government to get richer included.
If you had actually clicked my link you would have seen that it was a rebuttal over your point about Buffet's intentions. They aren't raising general taxes, they are raising the taxes on the wealthiest, hence the Robin Hood Tax. Taxes are the cost of civilization, there are no successful nations with a low tax rate.
Doesnt matter, raising taxes is raising taxes. That could still be his intention. And isnt the name Robin hood tax a little ironic? Robin hood didnt steal from the rich to give to the poor, he stole from the government to give to the poor. And actually, the US didnt have income taxes until after WW1.. so there have been succesful civilizations without income tax
The 1% of the 1% also *made their own* wealth. They know the value of wealth, trump doesn't.
Yes, they are left-leaning, but the key word is *leaning*. I think it is important remember that, while they may be firmly left on certain social issues and have taken on the personal responsibility to funnel money into issues they believe will improve humanity, they are still neoliberals, and neoliberalism is still on the "right" of the economic spectrum (ie. they are not socialists). Neoliberalism is pro-globalization and the foundation of trade agreements like NAFTA, and TPP. Establishment Democrats like Obama and the Clintons are, economically speaking, neoliberals. They may believe in socially liberal policies, but they are also economically liberal and by extent, pro-Wall Street, pro-private contractors, and pro-big business. (To contrast this, Neoconservatives like Reagan or Bush are socially conservative, and economically liberal). As it stands, Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren are some of the few politicians that are left-leaning on the economy (ie, Socialist). The Gates and Buffett foundations do great things, because Gates and Buffett *want* to do great things and improve humanity. No one is making them, it is their *choice* and they can *chose* which issue they want fight, as opposed to being taxed and the government/public allocating funds to to issues *we as a collective* feel are important. If more Billionaires were like Gates and Buffett, we wouldn't need socialist policies. We wouldn't need taxes if the private sector provided privately-subsidized publicly-accessible services which we need as a society to function (like affordable healthcare, social security, universal education, etc). We could have a libertarian utopia! But it would need to be done so voluntarily by the 1%. It hasn't happened. It won't happen. For every Gates there's a Trump. For every Buffett there's a Shkreli (and yes, I know Trump and Shkreli are but a fraction of Gates wealth combined, but I'm trying to make a point here.)
You can afford to pity others when you live in gated mansions away from the pitifuls.
They're out of touch, no?
The intelligent 1% have decided they'd rather pay taxes than have the economy collapse.
How does one paying his own individual taxes collapse the economy?
>The 1% of the 1% are left leaning "The intelligent 1% have decided they'd rather [elect Clinton and] pay taxes than [elect Trump and] have the economy collapse."
LOL! economy will collapses because the federal government doesn't get enough money? Thats not how Free Markets work. Tax breaks are rewarded if you put back into the system.
>The 1% of the 1% are left leaning "The intelligent 1% have decided they'd rather [elect Clinton and] pay taxes than [elect Trump and] have the economy collapse."
Actually yes, if the government stops getting taxes then services like road maintenance, police pay, medicare, the military (largest employer in the world), dam maintenance, subsidized industries (farming, steel, auto, etc.), FAA, post office, and many others just cease to exist. So yes, taxes prevent economic collapse. Also before you say "But the market will sort it out"....No it won't! We tried letting the market sort it out before and ended up with robber barons!
The first thing people do is try to game the market. Without a ref then monopolies inevitably form. Imagine only being able to buy food with company scrip because otherwise it's be too expensive. Does it sound impossible? It's not because it's happened before. The script was worthless anywhere but the company store. You couldn't move to find new employment. You couldn't quit because you were already in debt. It still happens today in markets like coffee beans. It's why those Starbucks hippies are always complaining about fair trade. Free Market is a fuckall that inevitably leads to a restricted market govern by a few. A fair market allows goods and services to be traded at market value without artificial contrivances fucking up the price. Democracy Forever! Fight the oligarchs!
The intelligent 1% are the economy.
The intelligent 1% have decided they'd rather pay taxes than have the economy **and society** collapse.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Giving_Pledge
even T. Boon Pickens is on there. That changed my opinion of him really fast. In Texas Hold'em as in life, you've got to put your money where your mouth is. Still waiting on you Donnie
Perhaps many people only feel rich by comparing themselves to peers. But someone is always richer. Until no one is, and then you stop and take a good look around and say, wait. Who am I and what do I really want it if life?
I'm sure it has nothing to do with the fact that they are in their 50's+ and are close to kicking the bucket. Because back in the 90's when Bill was rich as fuck, he still wanted more money/power and was breaking every law/taboo/moral code to accumulate more.
Yeah. Once Trump, in his 70's, reaches the ripe old age of 50, he'll surely recognize that society is something that should be cared for and that he has to do his part. Shirley.
How do you even have a clue what they think
How do you even have a clue what they think
How do you even have a clue what they think
Are you 14 and did you find this deep?
Doloris? Have you ever questioned your reality?
Yeah. Gates is giving his money away as fast as he can, and his net worth is going up. He can't give it away fast enough.
I think it's more likely that Gates and Buffet are billionaires that just happen to be left leaning, my point kind of was tongue in cheek. But you're always welcome to draw your own theories from it. It'd be interesting to see hard data on this.
The richest 2 guys in Norway, are the biggest private sponsors of the public health care system, having bought a majority of the newest MRI equipment (that is very expensive). Its hardly known, they dont do it for publicity.)
They are not left leaning, they are actually smart. Buffet strongly believes that his true source of wealth is the people that are working for him directly and indirectly not the assets that he holds. Anybody who reads his letters to the shareholders can sense that. That's why they believe in investing in people and they know damn well you cant do that effectively at individual or state level. High quality human capital costs money and it is the most fundamental thing to having a prosperous society. There are thousands of really successful business people (AKA rich people) who believe in this notion. Hell, even many of the pro-business republicans believe in this. There is a terrifying disconnect between different classes in this country that has resulted in views such as yours on both sides of the wall. Not good for the country.
One of the biggest companys in Germany (maybe the entire world) (300.000+ workers) around 70 billion reveneu (2015) was founded by Robert Bosch. His company is known to be one of the best places to work for in Germany. Very good pay. 6+ weeks Holiday. 13th month payment, holiday money,christmas (you get around 1/3 of your monthly salery as a gift) He once said: I dont pay high wages bc I am rich. I am rich because I pay high wages. He also was really into welfare and social help. He builded Hospitals, School, founded scholarships and Overall was great human being. He is another good example of a left wing billionair. I have the feeling that most conservative (republican) and super Kapitalist billionairs and millionairs are just that way for the sake of being rich. They dont care how they get money. While most left wing billionairs started bc they had a Vision, an idea or wanted to Change something in the world. Sadly I dont have any numbers on that Topic.
That's a huge generalisation. Plenty or republican billionaires are generous too, shelden adelsen gives hundreds of millions to charity every year.
I love how you can just see in your text that you're German:) You're entirely correct though. The american culture just isn't there because the social structure was so radically different 200 years ago, and it just haven't changed enough yet.
Ironically, his precious Haber-Bosch process could be what ultimately will do the species in. Road to hell paved with good intentions and all that
That's another Bosch. Carl Bosch is the chemistry guy and Robert Bosch is the car parts and engineering guy.
This is a general culture in Germany. I have personally known people who were bewildered by this tendency of Germans to take pride in paying taxes. The story is that a senior tax consultant group consisting of some the very best people in the industry proposed a tax plan to a German firm which is not to be named here that would cut their taxes both domestically and internationally by a significant amount. The Germans actually rejected the plan and asked for another plan that would increase their domestic taxes. Mind you that those consultants were charging upwards of 2,000 dollars an hour PER PERSON to work on these plans. This world is a strange place. People are incredibly similar yet different in their attitudes. Y'all Germans (assuming you are German :D) never cease to amaze me with your strange legal system and national pride.
>Y'all Germans (assuming you are German :D) never cease to amaze me with your strange legal system and national pride. It's all land of poets and philosophers till the silent majority gets their turn at the wheel though. There should be a punishment for idolizing other humans oh wait there is! and there will be. There always will be
The thing is, the Prussian way, which ruled Germany until it was squashed by the Nazis and Soviets in the 30s and 40s, has got to be the strangest way of governing that has ever existed. It was a total and utter dictatorship in the truest sense of the word. 80% of the population had no saying in anything on their own whatsoever. None. Zilch. The Prussian nobles (known as Junkers) were basically Gods and had complete authority over everything with the King being the ultimate source of power in every imaginable way over an incredibly poor territory even by 16th century European standards. Even worse, unlike France and somewhat similar to Russia, Prussia was also suffering from one of the worst possible cases of militarism. In fact, you could argue Prussians gave militarism its true meaning when they ended up spending 5/6 of their budget on their military for over 80 years. Now here is the catch, they ruled like that for more than 400 years with less than 4 uprisings in their history. A few families had the territory in their grip and their rule was basically unchallenged by the very people they were oppressing so hard. Now compare that with the number of uprisings and revolutions that took place in the rest of the Europe and you will come to know why I think the Prussian way was the strangest thing.
And not surprisingly, Germany has a rock solid middle class, not much crime, free health care, free college and some of the finest manufacturing in the world. They built an economic powerhouse from the ashes of WW2.
It has its own limitations. Nationalism has created that sense of negativity towards migrants and foreigners in general which is not a good thing in the long run as the world continues to globalize. The health care system has limitations in terms of the services they provide and waiting times. In terms of college, the percentage of people who get into college is actually lower in Germany. Plus, there are much tougher restrictions on who gets to go to college and who doesn't. You pretty much have one chance and you better dont miss. There is no such thing as going back to college after partying for a couple of years for a fresh start there. Their manufacturing has certainly benefited from the Euro zone and used to benefit a lot from cheap mark. In terms of them being a powerhouse, well... they had a lot of support. They pretty much did not have to pay anything near as much as the U.S. for their defense. So there is that.
Water flowing under ground
Water dissolving...and water removing
A beautiful house. And a beautiful wife.
And eliminating malaria. Standing water breeds mosquitoes. Water flowing underground does not.
How did I get here?
You drill until you accidently hit oil and make even more money
This is not my beautiful wife!
It's actually my daughter!
That's where Trump's CD kept skipping.
Letting the days go byyyyyyy
Into the blue again!
Same as it ever was
He probably pays taxes... I have a strong feeling he doesn't want us to know that he's not nearly as rich as he says he is.
he no doubt pays his taxes. he has been audited by the IRS several times. he'd have been arrested by now if he hadn't
This is what it feels like to me. It would ruin his entire reputation. (Not like he already isn't 14 feet down into his hole and still digging)
Something tells me his Tax Returns he made most of his money during the OBAMA administration.
> I have a strong feeling he doesn't want us to know that he's not nearly as rich as he says he is. I have a feeling he's hiding his financial dealings in Russia... and... what you said.
His entire self image rests on the claims that he's * a super successful business man * a great and ardent philanthropist I have a strong feeling that releasing his tax returns would significantly undermine both of those claims.
Given the tax document that did get released from the 90s, I don't think he has to.
He straight up said at the debate he didn't pay federal income taxes and that made him "smart"
Paying as little taxes as possible is not a crime.
>Paying as little taxes as possible is not a crime. Neither is hosting a private email server. It doesn't mean it's not absolutely relevant to the election. This also applies to statements like "I pay tons of income tax", "I give tons to charity", "I will release my tax returns if I am the nominee", or "I will release my comprehensive health records." It's not *illegal* to lie and say you do/will do these things, only to back out of it, but it damn sure holds significance when it comes to an election.
Yeah.... it does.... using the current tax code he can legally accomplish that. Oh who am I kidding no one here has a brain
No, it doesn't make you smart when you've gone on record multiple times saying you pay a "yuge" amount of federal income tax. Yes, he "pays" it. By declaring a massive loss (all of which was other people's money that he lost) 20 years ago.
It makes his *accountants* smart. Donald can barely even knot his tie by himself...
the point is he sells himself as a brilliant business man with nothing but successes to his name, but he lost 1 billion dollars in a year (or claimed that). yes he came back, but if he's as profitable as he claims to be (he once said he's worth 10 billion) then why he did he go so long without paying income tax? maybe he's gaming the system or he's just not that profitable. and let's not forget the hypocrisy of criticizing the tax rates. he even admonished Obama for paying in the 20s% compared to the rest of the country when Trump pays 0%.
Hey you know what is real fuckin funny? He used a loophole that said he could claim that loss and let it roll over for years to come. Here is the dinger, this happened in 1995. Guess what president oversaw that tax policy. Bill Clinton. Guess who Hillary wants to run our economy. Bill Clinton. There, now you know who your enemy is. Now go out there and be somebody, champ, before I lose my fucking shit having to explain base line awareness to another dumbfuck kid who doesn't get how the world works.
The loophole you're speaking of was one the judicial system interpreted differently from Congress' intent. Also, the GOP had the majority in Congress in Clintons administration so they wrote the policy (and your point is moot). Also, Hillary voted to close said loophole as a senator in 2003.
Note that he didn't lose a billion dollars of his own money. He lost almost a billion dollars of other peoples money. The tax laws allowed him to claim the loss as if he had lost his own money. [Article](http://www.msn.com/en-us/money/markets/windfall-the-best-explanation-for-trumps-dollar916-million-tax-loss/ar-AAiRVPq?li=AA4Zjn&ocid=spartanntp)
>Editor’s note: Donald Trump regularly incites political violence and is a serial liar, rampant xenophobe, racist, misogynist and birther who has repeatedly pledged to ban all Muslims — 1.6 billion members of an entire religion — from entering the U.S. Damn, son. That's a hell of an editor's note.
It's huffpo. What do you expect?
almost makes you think theyre being somewhat partisan and biased and that maybe their word doesnt really mean anything
This is how you know huffpo is a rag
Of all the things he stands for that disgust me I think banning Muslims puts the worst taste in my mouth. It's fucking shameful. If Tump is elected I won't even call myself an American any more. I do not want to be associated with a country that let this creepy racist, sexist, xenophobe get elected. Thank god for dual citizenship.
You know it is a granted power of our President and has been invoked by President Aurther, President Roosevelt, and President........[Obama](http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/obama-mocks-trump-but-has-barred-immigrants-many-muslim-6-times/article/2594016).......
> who has repeatedly pledged to ban all Muslims — 1.6 billion members of an entire religion — from entering the U.S. "Excuse me, Sir, may I see your atheist ID or any other religious pass that isn't associated with the religion of Mohammed?"
As much as I can't stand Trump, I also can't stand HuffPost for exactly this reason. Stop telling me what to think about what I'm reading.
They're not telling you what to think. All of those are facts, and they have sources linked for them. Whether you accept facts as facts is up to you, but facts don't give a shit what you think.
I hope you really believe that.
I mean, they include links to sources, yea? Plus, they're being up front about bias. That's better than most other news sources. Also, they back it up with facts because, well, they're not wrong.
Yep, this right here made the whole article mean nothing because he clearly has a serve bias.
I'm visiting New Orleans from Oregon this weekend. Last night at a bar I saw they had Yuengling beer on tap which id never had, but always heard was good for a light beer. Figured I'd try it out, probably wouldn't see it again. The waitress at the bar in New Orleans immediately says "you know they support Trump, right?" which I had heard too, so I'm just standing there paused and conflicted "yeah.... well.... I want to try it?" and she just says "pssh alright whatever". I was really surprised to have that specific sequence of events happen... in New Orleans
Yeah, HuffPo isn't real journalism.
Wow! I regularly gloss over the editor's note. I should start paying closer attention .
On the one hand, way to let everyone know exactly what your bias is, HuffPo. On the other hand, it's 100% true.
Bias doesn't mean having an opinion? It means being motivated by prejudice, and prejudice means "preconceived opinion that is not based on reason or actual experience."
So where's their actual experience of Trump?
First we need to find Trump's actual experience...
There are links supporting each statement in the disclaimer.
But putting an opinionated coda on every story, regardless of whether the story is an editorial or not, makes it seem like they're *all* just opinion pieces.
A reader should be able to tell the difference between opinions and statements of fact.
That puts a lot of pressure on readers. You want the news to be available to everyone, and that means it should be clear to even the dumbest consumer you can think of what is fact and what is opinion. This is why traditional news has their articles (which should be fact only) and then an opinion section, so that those interested can learn what reporters and editors think. But then people pitched a fit about how that somehow made news sources biased and the internet happened and news aggregates became popular and it's all a mess
Should. But they can't. The inability to discern the two is the backbone of Trump's campaign.
Well, that and things that have absolutely no basis in reality are presented as fact by outlets like Breitbart.
Well it is the Huffington Post. Journalism isn't really their thing.
That statement DOES count as journalism...
It is HuffPo. They use the term editor very loosely.
They have around 20 white female 20-something editors. And one Asian female editor in her 20s. No men or anything else. I'm not saying being a woman diminishes anything about being an editor but it says a lot about the position if only one type of person apparently qualifies.
They've had that on every article they publish for many months now. They've had it for so long that it doesn't even make mention of the sexual assault boasting or accusers.
Actually I find that suspicious. Why don't they add that to newer articles? Like are they afraid Trump is going to sue them or that it is going to turn out to not be real? I mean at least one of the accusations has to be real so it seems fairly safe.
For those lazy to visit Huffington Post, the actual note has sources to it: > Editor’s note: Donald Trump regularly [incites political violence](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/donald-trump-violence_us_56e1f16fe4b0b25c91815913) and is a [serial liar](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/donald-trump-911_565b1950e4b08e945feb7326), [rampant xenophobe](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/9-outrageous-things-donald-trump-has-said-about-latinos_55e483a1e4b0c818f618904b), [racist](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/donald-trump-racist-examples_us_56d47177e4b03260bf777e83), [misogynist](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/18-real-things-donald-trump-has-said-about-women_us_55d356a8e4b07addcb442023) and [birther](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/donald-trump-stephen-colbert-birther_56022a33e4b00310edf92f7a) who has repeatedly pledged to ban all Muslims — 1.6 billion members of an entire religion — from entering the U.S.
Solid work. Thanks.
I hope Trump wins.
TIL all Muslims live in war torn areas of the middle east.
He never said about a Middle East-only ban. > [(New York, NY) December 7th, 2015, -- Donald J. Trump is calling for a **total and complete** shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country's representatives can figure out what is going on. ](https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/donald-j.-trump-statement-on-preventing-muslim-immigration)
So I read the incites physical violence article. Not once do they give a good example of him telling people to get physically violent EXCEPT >“There may be somebody with tomatoes in the audience,” Trump warned people at a rally in Iowa last month. “If you see somebody getting ready to throw a tomato, knock the crap out of them, would you? Seriously. Okay? Just knock the hell — I promise you, I will pay for the legal fees.” Which, in all honesty, is kind of reasonable. He wants the crowd to stop people from assaulting him... I've read lots of anti-Trump articles, I still have yet to see one provide something substantive after it's terribly exaggerated clickbaity title.
[deleted]
Go on.
Are you referring to the O'Keefe videos, or is there an actual paper trail that I've not heard of?
the video started people looking, and checks paid to one of the activists from Hillary For America (+ some superpacs) were found, paying for her services with appropriate dates. she was also found on videos of when they blocked roads to Trump rallies in Arizona
Can you source any of this?
http://m.imgur.com/a/uGZ5y you can search for Zulema Rodriguez for more details
yeah, it's not unreasonable. that's what we've known for quite a while. I'm actually a bit surprised HP linked to a story with the full quote. most just say he told his supporters to knock the crap out of them, and let you fill in the blanks on your own to mean any protestors.
This sounds reasonable to you? "Knock the hell out of them" is not something a calm, serious, thick-skinned and diplomatic person should ever say, in my opinion. It's dangerous. However, I *do* find this "editor's note" laughable, no trustworthy newspaper should/would do this.
I don't think even the editors think of the Huffington Post think of it as a trustworthy newspaper. They refer to themselves as a news aggregate, not a news source. Other news aggregates include...well, /r/news, so, you know, they're not exactly holding themselves to a huge standard. There's no component to protect against bias in aggregators, but individuals continue to use them more than quality news sources, so they'll continue to dominate most people's "news sources"
Dude that’s not reasonable whatsoever... telling your supporters to act as a mob if they see someone who **might** *throw a tomato*. That’s nuts and insanely immature, although that sums up his campaign pretty succinctly.
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/9/9e/Baseball_pitcher_2-06_057.jpg I'm sure he's just taking a real hard look at it, and not intending on throwing it.... I think it's obvious when someone is going to throw something. > telling your supporters to act as a mob He didn't say to do this, he's asking people in the crowd, that if they see someone getting ready to assault him with a tomato, to stop them. I don't think "knock the crap out of them" is reasonable, but it's certainly not "Inciting political violence" either. My issue is with how the media is taking something and trying to blow it up into something significantly worse.
"assault him with a tomato..." That just sounds funny.
Agreed. Is what it is, but it sounds pretty funny.
Because it’s a pretty fucking bad thing to say. He didn’t say “stop them.” He said “knock the crap out of them.” To an entire crowd. That’s telling an entire crowd that it’s okay to severely assault someone to “protect” Trump from a fucking tomato. And once one person starts “knocking the crap out of someone,” others will join in. That’s where the mob aspect comes in. Sounds like something you’d hear in the Philippines.
Did you downvote every one of my comments as we talked? That's kind of a shitty thing to do. You know what, I mostly agree with you too, again I don't think that one statement is "Inciting political violence" I think it's a shitty thing to say, but it doesn't warrant a fucking article. The article is one quote, and a whole bunch of examples of Trump supports being shitty. It's not Trump inciting political violence. Assault is assault though. Should Bush's secret service just talk to the guy who threw the shoe at him because it was "a fucking shoe". No, you take him down.
Nope, that was me downvoting your comments, because you've given no explanation or evidence of your statements being correct.
What? The article is evidence, along with the quote from said article.
And yet the guy with the tomato quietly left afterwards without throwing it. Seems to have been perfectly reasonable. By showing a tough stance no violence happened. What do you think would have happened if he said nothing? Do you think Trump's supporters would have said, "well he didn't tell us to hit him so I guess we'll let him go"? No, I'm guessing an ambulance would have been necessary. The guy should be thankful to Trump for diffusing the situation and giving him an out.
How the fuck is saying “knock the crap out of them” non-violently diffusing the situation?
That's the intended purpose of the 2nd amendment.
I'm surprised they didn't go with his 2nd amendment folks comment. It's hard to get much worse than literally calling for your supporters to murder your opponent.
That hadn't happened yet. They were still reaching at straws back then.
Or it's a call to 100 million gun owners to wake up and vote to keep their rights above other political concerns.
Exactly, I'm not pro-Trump or pro-2nd amendment, but it's pretty clear that this is what he meant.
Clear and meaning should never be put together when talking about a political figure.
>Implying Hillary Clinton will repeal the 2nd amendment or something.
That's bullshit and you know it, he clearly said AFTERWARD she had been elected and followed up by saying "but it'll be terrible" when that happens, if he wants those "second amendment folks" to be engaged politically, why is it terrible if they succeed?
Trump, 08/09/2016: >By the way, if she gets to pick, if she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do, folks. Although the Second Amendment people, maybe there is, I don't know That would be *after* the election.
"2nd Amendment people" is pretty vague. He could have been referencing the NRA/NRA-ILA, the Second Amendment Foundation, or Gun Owners of America, all of which are heavily involved in fighting encroachments on the 2A in the courts.
Yes it is vague. But there is absolutely no doubt that there are crazy "2nd Amendment people" who read from his statement what they want to hear, and that is attempting an assassination. Just read the comments of [this article.](http://dailycaller.com/2016/10/18/exposed-dem-operative-who-oversaw-trump-rally-agitators-visited-white-house-342-times/) EDIT: And I'm sure there are more in other articles, this one I remember reading a few days ago and noticing some aggressive comments.
Seriously? The comments are a bunch of chest thumping and Texans talking about their electoral districts. Show me *one* instance of someone openly advocating for the assassination of an elected official. Just one.
[deleted]
Answers to the question "Who the **** will investigate these corrupt criminals when the DOJ/FBI have been compromised as well?": >This is a GREAT Question, we the citizens have no one to stop this corrupt DNC and HILLARY, guess it time to buy a gun to protect my family, I just pray that Trump wins and puts HILLARY and all these corrupt and put them in GITMO for LIFE Not openly advocating, he calls it "protecting his family". >These scumbag liberals love Violence, I think the only thing that could stop them (since the fascist liberals destroyed the DOJ and FBI) is violence directed at them. >The Muslims use violence and liberals vave, black lies maury use violence and the liberals cave. It's sad to say but it seems liberals ONLY know Violence This one, again, only implicates violence. >We still have the 2nd Amendment if needed. Look, maybe it's really just that and I'm seeing something that's not there, but I can expect people to sometimes read between the lines. All I'm saying is, a presidential candidate should choose his words wisely, because everyone can hear him, some people look up to him, and few will carry out what they *think* he wants them to do.
Just because the second amendment involves guns doesn't mean this statement is a call to use guns to kill people. Imagine that a state passed strict anti-abortion laws and someone unhappy with the law said "conservatives have stacked he supreme court with their justices so there nothing we can do, although the pro-choice people out there, maybe there is something they can do, I don't know" No one in a million years would ever take that as a call for pro-choice people to assassinate anyone...
Right? This couldn't possibly be anything like an "imagine the future, now this is what could happen to prevent that" type situation. Like did you watch Terminator 2 and after seeing the scene at the beginning where the nuclear bomb destroyed the playground you just turned it off because you knew how the movie obviously ends?
I feel that if you are going to source a claim, find another legitimate source aside from other HuffPo articles if you want your argument to hold water.
i mean the Huffington Post is to the left like Fox news is to the right, they both just circle jerk there fan base its not like most Huffington Post readers will care... edit: but i do agree with you
Both sides are the same! Man, that's a tired meme.
Do you know what's *actually* a tired meme? > That *other* side is just stupid immoral people!
HuffPo is a fine source, and those links themselves have sources within them.
I expect the Huffington Post regards itself as legitimate.
They've been doing that since January. During the early primaries they categorized all their Trump stuff in "Entertainment" instead of Politics because his campaign was always more about publicity than substance. Once he got to frontrunner status they changed their mind and just started adding that disclaimer verbatim to every story.
It wasn't that they changed their mind. It was that they realized that by relegating him to the Entertainment section they looked like morons but also they had accidentally helped propel him to frontrunner status possibly creating a grave situation for this world. They do this out of desperation and atonement for not taking him seriously before.
only real journalism from the brain trust at huffpo
respect
No. That just shows they're unbelievably biased. It's hard to take anything they say seriously when you know they hate him so vehemently.
Meanwhile, over on Breitbart...
In fairness, reason and sensibility share a lot of those same biases.
so what part is false about the statement?
He does rape women so there's that reason to hate him
As journalists, they should try to remain objective and report the facts. Not their opinions.
When he enters you without your consent, is it a fact or just your opinion? Cuz he entered you with your consent, at least in his opinion...
Yea but the editorial column is inherently biased. Not that I agree with that preface it's childish
You don't understand what an editors note is, do you?
Pass on Clinton though.
Is Bill Clinton running for President?
He might as well be. He's out there more than she is. Let's pretend Bill won't have any influence if she's elected.
> He might as well be. He's out there more than she is. Nonsense. But ok, lets not pretend that Trump's cadre of Goebbels and Goering wannabes won't have any influence when he's elected either.
Oh right, I forgot Trump is a Nazi now. Pathetic.
It's an editorial site. Bias is part of the equation.
Biased for telling the truth? When one sides positions are blatant lies, reporting that doesn't make an organization biased.
Calling a turd shit isn't biased, it's pointing out a fact.
But he's not a turd. It's your opinion that he's a turd. You realize all of this is subjective, right?
Oh, he's a turd
But isn't it just your opinion that he isn't a turd? I believe he is a turd as well... so frankly it seems that we are creating a reality based on the perspectives we have. If you want to be mad at anyone, be mad at turd for acting like a damn turd everyday.
Except it isn't. Everything they said about Donald can be proven.
I didn't say he was a turd it was an example. Everything they noted is a fact. Cover your eyes and lie to yourself if it makes you sleep better at night.
Why should they be unbiased? Hes a colossal piece of shit and it's dangerous to pretend he isn't.
because they are (or at least, pretend to be) journalists.
*THIS*. Fuck Drumpf and fuck white people. Inb4 some alt-right brigadier downvotes me: sorry that you're so sensitive to words, sweetie. Hyperbole is a legitimate form of rhetoric and calling out the guilty isn't a crime.
Cool racism
That's racist.
I mean I'm white and hate trump wtf did I do to you? Hyperbole is a legitimate form of rhetoric, it's also a legitimate way of being a dick
A.) It's the editor's note - they're always biased. If they just included it in the story as a "fact", that would be unethical, but they didn't, and B.) It's the HuffPo - it's always been biased. It's like Fox News for liberals, except swap patent falsehoods for sensational oversensitivity (Source: I am a liberal avid reader).
Huffington Post is waaaaay more biased than Fox News. It's kind of like: HuffPo ------- CNN ---------Fox News -------- Breitbart ------- Regated
Fox is a LOT harder on Trump than any left wing media is on Crooked Hillary.
Maybe they have more of a reason to be? False equivalency.
Either there was one hell of a study that I'm not aware of or this is one hell of a generalization.
Perhaps there's a lot more for them to be hard on?
lol
What? No moniker for Trump? I think you're biased.
He's also not a news outlet
Nope, he just gave an obviously biased evaluation of bias in the media.
You sure? He was sounding a lot like Fox News to me.
Don't forget he lied and said he was under audit and could not do this. Then Warren Buffett, a REAL Billionaire, released his taxes under audit. He is a LIAR, Americans. He is bullsh*tting us all!
i think buffett releasing his tax returns is my fav part of this election.
Oh, and Hillary Clinton's just the Patron Saint of Truth?
Wouldn't it make the IRS look bad if he released his returns and there was something evil?
He's a real liar. Compulsive. Generating new stinkers every day.
And Hillary is a paragon of truth.
Yeah, he's the only candidate bullshitting us all! This is what determines the choice!
Wait a minute here... He never implied that the IRS or the law prevented him from releasing his returns. He said that it would be stupid to release his tax returns while there was an audit taking place would Massively increase his risk of having a bad outcome because every person under the sun would be examining his taxes. His argument is that it would negatively affect his audit. We can argue about the validity of this, but let's not pretend he was saying something he wasn't. He says enough crazy shit. Why make shit up?
> He never implied that the IRS or the law prevented him from releasing his returns. Exactly, it's such a weak argument for calling him a liar.
Almost all of his voters don't care that he's a liar.
He actually said his lawyers advised him not to release because of an audit, which is maybe the most tactful way he has avoided the truth so far. It doesn't matter though, it's still bullshit and a slap in the face to American voters. I hope that after this election, both parties in congress can come together and pass a law that requires full disclosure from future presidential candidates, that way even if the scoundrel wins (God forbid) he will have to release in 2020.
Whoa. Calm down. I dont like that guy but you just basically described EVERY politician.
Trump is on an entirely different level. I understand shadiness when it comes to politicians, but Trump lies about just about everything, even things he has no reason to lie about. 100% a patholigical liar.
Some would say the same about Hillary. And basically every politician.
Especially Hillary
The IRS has them and that's fine with me.
His entire campaign has been textbook persuasion. The fact that Americans are stupid enough to eat it all up is what's so fantastic about this. We have to require honesty from candidates because we're too stupid and codependent to do our own research.
Wait Trump is bulshitting us?? No....it...it can't be
Yeah, but E-mails!!
*corruption* FTFY. Trump: tax returns not released, has said some words in the past that have offended some. Clinton: bribery, theft, inciting riots and fights at opponent rallies, coordinating with a super PAC, rigging primaries, strange health issues, liar to the CORE. Nearly 1 billion dollars spent trying to cheat her way into the whitehouse and even then, dirt.. everywhere.. even her own team thinks she's inept. I would bet something more damning comes out Monday morning. Tune into any other sub to find out, lord knows you won't see anything here. ^(landslidecoming) Inb4 banned for having opposing opinion
Goading a person into punching you at a rally is not within the definition of inciting a riot, or inciting anything. It's provocation, and somebody acting out an assault.
No one's going to ban you here for an opposing opinion, silly. That's /u/the_dipshit you're thinking of. I'll bet you it felt good to get all that out though didn't it? How about a nice hug?
I cant believe people like you exist
I can't believe people think not releasing your tax info is worse than lying under oath and spreading classified information to people that don't have the clearance or take bribes in exchange for political offices. But sure, let's find out if he's really a billionaire.
Same.
why try and undermine a serious issue with your candidate? Its so easy for the other side to just say "Yeah, but mean words!!" and both statements add no value to the conversation. Both are real problems that should be taken seriously, not joked about casually. You are the worst.
BENGHAZI! BENGHAZI! BENGHAZI! (Cue Beetlejuice theme)
I think it's unfair to say buffet released his returns, because he didn't. He released a statement (that he wrote) about his returns, he never released his actual returns.
He said he could and would release them if requested. Also, it should be noted that even Buffett's statement provided more information about his taxes than Trump has ever offered, and Buffett's not running for president and had no obligation to do it. https://www.google.com/amp/mobile.nytimes.com/2016/10/11/business/buffett-calls-trumps-bluff-and-releases-his-tax-return.amp.html
What bothers me is everyone thinking buffet released his returns when in reality he never released anything. Telling us what your returns are seems pretty pointless, why wouldn't you just release them? I would love to see them. Don't talk the talk, walk the walk.
The point is that Trump said he couldn't release his own returns because he is under audit, then made an untrue statement about Buffet in order to prove his point. Warren buffet provided information that proves Trump CAN release the most recent year's tax information, and that fact has been further confirmed by the IRS. I'm clarifying this because it seems like your focus is on the content of the tax returns (we can't know whether its a positive/negative unless they're shown right?), which in this case Trump is using to distract from the fact that he does NOT want to share them.
Didn't he also say he'd be able to provide returns for all 72 years he's been paying taxes?
Did Buffet actually release the individual forms? The only thing I saw was a summary stating a few details about total tax paid, charity contributions, and that he doesn't carry losses to offset taxes in future years.
He said he would and could release them even though he was under audit, just like Trump could. I'm pretty sure he was waiting for Trump to respond, which it doesn't look like he ever directly did. https://www.google.com/amp/mobile.nytimes.com/2016/10/11/business/buffett-calls-trumps-bluff-and-releases-his-tax-return.amp.html
Probably because Buffet has gains almost every year. I don't know if Buffet released more than that, but the 3 billion in charity donation makes that pretty pointless.
The tax code limits how much of otherwise deductible contributions can be taken so he only got a tax benefit on $5.5m which included state taxes paid.
Buffet didn't have gains in 2008/2009. He definitely carried those losses forward, but that was his company, not him.
That number for his charitable donations, by the way, is just from last year. That said, he's not been using the carry forward for it that he's entitled to.
Do we even know he's actually under audit? He never released the audit letter either, probably because if he did and it was in any way false or misleading, IRS could respond.
anyone who files bankrupcy as frequently as he does is going to be under audit for that, so we can assume that yes he actually is. Not that it matters.
A return filed Oct 17 wouldn't have been assessed, let alone notified for audit. It's just more illustration that the audit excuse is a big lie.
But didn't IRS say he could've released them regardless? That kind of sounds like they are auditing them. Either way, he's scum and even with all of Hillary's flaws, she's the better choice for presidency.
He just filed last year's taxes Oct 17, those aren't under audit so he could release them. But he won't, he and his sycophant liar squad - including Mike Pence - will continue spreading the false "audit" excuse.
He's said that his lawyers have advised him not to release while under audit. I don't know if that's true or not; could be bullshit. Further, it's up to you to decide whether a duty of candor to the electorate outweighs personal financial concerns. But generally, if a government agency is investigating you and they say it's okay to reveal information but your lawyer tells you not to (and you're not running for president) listen to your lawyer.
Actually irrelevant; he could release his taxes either way.
Of course he could. But if/when he makes a false statement about IRS, they'd be eligible to put out a clarification.
I don't think anyone (even his staunchest supporters) would be able to claim with a straight face that Donald Trump is not a liar. He is a man who lies constantly, even about things that don't need to be lied about. He literally makes shit up every single time he opens his mouth. He's made an art form out of bullshittery. The problem is not so much that Donald Trump is *spectacularly* dishonest, it's that people just don't seem to care.
his supporters really wanted to believe his lies since he promise them to be racist as fuck all day long.
You're underestimating people's capacity for doublethink, I'm afraid. Then again, I think we all did. This election has been an eye-opening experience, for all the wrong reasons...
Just like Clinton supporters ignore her flaws. Trump is the storm and Hillary is the burning building to seek shelter in.
But he is the greatest baseball player in New York.
Anymore than people care that Hillary is giving the finger to the American justice system.
I feel like I'm telling you a loved one has died, but there are real people who say Trump has *never* lied. It hurts my head to think of it. Help! I need a distraction!
I don't agree that Trump lies. A liar makes statements that they know to be false. Trump however is so ignorant that he mostly lacks that knowledge. He doesn't even have any interest in the truth value of his utterances.
Really, people constantly put that as one of the top reasons to vote for him. "He says it the way it is" and "he's so honest and straight forward". Which is total bullshit in itself. We already know he lied 10 times more than Hillary in the debates. Also, there's never a middle ground, he's always the least racist person or has the most respect for women in the world. I think he's pretty close to the complete opposite. It's pretty scary because he never seems to take responsibility, it's fucking scary that some people can't see that.
I only know one person in real life that supports him, and she says she knows he's lying, in fact she's counting on it because of some policies he's proposed that are just nuts. She justifies his lying as some sort of master negotiating / leadership BS. She also watches Fox and parrots their BS.
Bullshit. I live in Auburn, Alabama and I see people all day everyday that believe every word he says and constantly defend him.
He can't lie, he's only telling it like it is. Unlike those weasels in DC who always lie. He is the truthiest candidate ever.
Repeat bullshit enough times and people start to believe it. It's a psychological phenomenon.
> The problem is not so much that Donald Trump is spectacularly dishonest, it's that people just don't seem to care no no no, it's the biased media misrepresenting everything he says
They should be reporting on how it sounded in his head, instead of how it sounded on the way out.
> The problem is not so much that Donald Trump is spectacularly dishonest, it's that people just don't seem to care. If they do care, they always start with, "But the Clintons/Hilary...."
Unfortunately not all. There are people out there that are either fooled by him, or fooling themselves. They're angry, ignorant, scared, or a combination of the three. It's genuinely saddening.
> I don't think anyone (even his staunchest supporters) would be able to claim with a straight face that Donald Trump is not a liar. Awh, you're so cute thinking this.
That's what has enraged me so much, especially with their subreddit (and associated subs). The complete lack of care about facts and belief that just shouting stuff makes it true. I'm deeply concerned with the kind of world that is so deeply distorted and unable to operate within anything approaching reality. The memes, the lies, the bullshittery. It disgusts me far more than the open appreciation for authoritarianism.
his supporters don't mind when Trump lies because he uses hyperbole so much. It feels like nothing should be taken literally when he speaks. A Trump supporter would say sure he lies, but its not as bad as when Hillary does it, because she lies on purpose.
Lol. Lying on accident
"I meant it as a joke!" - Trump excuse for saying China was behind global warming hoax. Important sub-note: Trump believes Global warming is a hoax, he does not believe China is behind it.
He lies about the things he lied about lying about.
A fractal liar, you might say. Lies all the way down.
Practically telling the truth at that point!
My mom always says, "you can trust a thief to steal. But you cannot trust a liar to tell the truth".
Truly an inspiration to us all. /s
It's a great thing that our Dear Supreme Leader Trump is way more honest than that liar Crooked Hillary /s
That's it, I can't take how reasonable your comments are. You've literally shown me the errors of my ways. For a minute there, I was going to vote Hillary! But, after you showed me what a crook and liar she is, how can I not be for the great Donald 'Judas' Trump? *looks at ballot* Trump Clinton Stein Write in _____ *Sets paper on fire. Ahhh, freedom.*
Because when your whole worldview is built on hate and fear, you'll cling to whatever allows you to keep believing in it.
Why do you think he's hateful?
Well he advocated for the torture and/or murder of innocent people because they're related to terrorists so there's that.
"Going after the families and holding them partially responsible" doesn't mean kill everyone. And what we've seen with most of these terrorist attacks is that family members were at best aware of their plans or terrorist leanings and at worst they were in on it. By threatening to deport legal residents by stripping them of their visas and sending them home, the muslim communities will self police; that's something that is actually getting harder to do in some places. They see it as betraying their family member and their religion if they call the authorities and try to stop the slaughter. It's because of an extremely powerful ingroup/outgroup dynamic that Westerners are unfamiliar with. This is a much greater issue in Europe than it is in the US. There are whole neighborhoods of people in places of France and Belgium that are antagonistic to their host countries. It's really not a big problem in the US except for a few towns. For instance, the people that shot up the Bataclan and bombed that stadium drove home... Everyone in the neighborhood knew they did it, they celebrated the attacks, and they thought they'd "lay low" for a while. That's unacceptable. There has to be consequences for letting these things go on. There are plenty of parents that call the FBI when their son or daughter decides to become a jihadist and that's exactly what we want them to do; call someone and stop them before it's too late.
The Republican party in a nutshell.
I was going to say that's Hillary's campaign in a nutshell
Yeah I'd say that both candidates prey on hatred and fear. The "basket of deplorables" comment shows that Hillary and her supporters' anger/fear is directed at Trump supporters who they believe to be racist, sexist, or dumb. Obviously, Trump and his supporters' anger/fear is directed at ISIS and illegal immigrants who they believe to be stealing jobs and killing Americans. There's hate on both sides. America is in a dark place right now and both candidates reflect this.
> There's hate on both sides. America is in a dark place right now and both candidates reflect this. Yes, but I think it's disingenuous to imply an equivalence here. [Trump supporters appear to say some very alarming things at his rallies--where he is more than happy to stoke the fires of such ignorance and hate.](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/04/us/politics/donald-trump-supporters.html?_r=0)
is that your public or your private opinion?
Gotta have one of each depending if you're soliciting Wall St donations or pandering to minorities.
~40% of the Republican party.
I don't see the other 60% saying "Fuck this shit!" and bailing out.
Some of that is Hillary, some of that is favoring the other parts of the platform (other than the hate and fear) substantially more than alternatives, and some (like me) are bailing.
Not only does Donald Trump **admit to being a liar** (he routinely breaches contracts with contractors by refusing to pay them the agreed upon price) but **he brags about lying to obtain a business advantage** (Trump knows contractors will struggle to sue him for breach of contract so they'll accept pay lower than the agreed upon amount).
I don't want to get into a huge thing here but just to give you some insight: I keep hearing the other side bring up this 'he doesn't pay contractors' thing like its a huge gotcha. I'm not sure if you guys own a house but this is like literally one of the most relatable positions or scenarios to the average american. Every single homeowner has dealt with a shitty contractor and terminated the contract or renegotiated terms, or had to sue, etc...
See, here's the problem. Trump's excuse is always "oh, I wasn't happy with the work, so I'm not going to pay." Which is bullshit. Partly because he'll turn around and try to hire those same contractors again on other jobs. See that's the game. Trump can always say "Oh, I'm just not happy with your work, so I'm not going to pay the full amount. Here's 75%, be happy you're getting that." And for most contractors, what are you going to do? You are stuck suing him for the full price of the contract or accepting his 75%. Trump sees this as a business negotiation. He can bully them down to 75% because the work's already been done, so he has the superior position. but that's NOT how CONTRACTS fucking work.
check out one of the home owners subs here some time /r/homeowners or /r/homeimprovement for example its much more common than you think.
Here's the thing though, the average homeowner isn't doing this as a business practice. The average homeowner might have one bad experience with a contractor and that's it. Also, as you mentioned, this is typically something where the homeowner sues the contractor for shoddy work. What isn't happening is homeowners **willfully breaching** after the work is already done because the homeowner thinks they can get away with not paying 25% of the contract price. Then doing this **THOUSANDS** of times.
Ok, well I don't really want to debate hypothetical details here. Just giving you some insight into why some of us don't really get outraged by that talking point when the left throws it.
There's no hypotheticals, he admits to doing this. http://www.wsj.com/articles/donald-trumps-business-plan-left-a-trail-of-unpaid-bills-1465504454 (And this is the WSJ saying this, not like Salon) >“If they do a good job, I won’t cut them at all,” Mr. Trump said of businesses he contracts with, saying “it’s probably 1,000 to one where I pay.” He said he occasionally won’t pay fully when work is simply satisfactory or “an OK to bad job…If it’s OK, then I’ll sometimes cut them.” In dealing with public projects such as bridge-building, he said, “that should be the attitude of the country.” and >Mr. Trump pushed the approach beyond construction and into day-to-day casino operations, said Jack O’Donnell, president of Mr. Trump’s Plaza casino in Atlantic City in the late 1980s. “Part of how he did business as a philosophy was to negotiate the best price he could. And then when it came time to pay the bills,” he said, Mr. Trump would say that “ ‘I’m going to pay you but I’m going to pay you 75% of what we agreed to.’ ” And if we're gonna make this a "left" vs. "right" issue, then why aren't you guys on the right pissed about this? Aren't working class contractors like the bread and butter of the right? Good, hard working Americans who are building things and working with their hands and all that romanticized BS?
This is pointless. You're obviously interpreting his quote to support your position and I'm telling you IRL people renegotiate work from contractors that was 'meh' or just satisfactory all the time. Shit half the time there's not even a solid price just an estimate and it gets adjusted by the contractor himself, they're notorious for going well over the original estimate. Underbid to get the work and do a crap job or creep the price. You can take this however you'd like I'm just telling you this is a reality of this type of work and this is why the talking point doesn't get the traction you think it would. Your last statement even reinforces the stereotype libs have of the right. The left has clearly become detached from the reality of the rest of America and it would do them well to try to understand it a bit better before their next run at office. This election has proven that.
He also does this with banks and investors. Desperate to get any money back so he doesn't default on the whole lot, he renegotiates the debt down to a fraction.
People theorize that this is why he accepts contracts with small businesses, so he can easily screwjob them.
There's no need to theorize, that's exactly why he does it. You agree to do $10,000 worth of work for Donald Trump, work gets done and suddenly Donald goes "Nope, I won't pay you $10,000 for that work, it's not up to MY standards, I'll give you $7,000" and then what do you do? It would cost more than $3,000 to sue him, plus even if you win, you might be going 18+ months without being paid...so you just eat the $3,000 and agree to never work for him every again. But there's always new faces to con.
This is why trump won't hire union laborers
At this point I'm not sure Trump could hire union laborers if he wanted to. On the one hand, they won't work for him because they know he constantly screws contractors. On the other hand, it's not like he can afford them anyway, with his abysmal credit and massive debt. Strangely enough, the only people he can afford anymore are illegals.
I think it's more strange that a lot of union laborers support him, the local may not endorse but that doesn't mean the individual laborers have to
Considering that you'd think They'd admire welfare queens they accuse of cheating the system and just wanting a free check for nothing.
No, because black people.
That's just completely absurd! I mean, other minorities are on welfare too! /s
Everyone not-white is black. SUPER-black.
Poor whites are also black
Some of the common stuff I hear from his supporters is "I'm voting Trump because Hillary LIES!"... What the hell is he doing then?
You have to admit he's an incredibly skilled manipulator- despite the buffoon he often plays. He's somehow negotiated a political space where the rules don't apply to him- where lies, incompetence, and behavior that would sink normal politicians don't matter to his supporters. It truly is a cult of personality, in a way I've never seen in mainstream politics.
Hes an incredible manipulator, but the GOP has been setting up his safe space for 8 years.
All the males from the older generation (60+) that i know are voting Trump. I really think the reason is that they can't/won't vote for a woman. They use the lies and corruption front, even though it doesn't make sense because he's just as bad. They can't come out and say it's because she's a woman because that wouldn't be PC.
It just takes you back to the time when Obama was running, they just replaced the n-word with "Socialist".
Just glad that women make up half of the vote. Add minorities to that and the white males don't rule the world...don't tell them, though.
Telling it like it is. You don't need the truth when you have the it like it is.
>I don't think anyone (even his staunchest supporters) would be able to claim with a straight face that Donald Trump is not a liar. Let me introduce you to my Facebook feed.
Does HRC lie? I mean we know for a fact she does so feel free to not answer that, but nobody cares. If honesty was a prerequisite for being a nominee, neither candidate would be in the running.
Yeah, and? What's your point? At least Hillary released her tax returns and hasn't sexually assaulted anybody recently.
Who cares about tax returns? If a guy alleges that Hillary sexually assaulted him, what would you say?
Lemme introduce you to /r/conspiracy comments. Someone legitimately said "Trump's not releasing his taxes cuz hes under audit"...... for the past 20 years.
And /r/The_Donald
So you get the shared videos of "HILLARY CLINTON SAID THIS AND HER CAMPAIGN IS ALL OVER BECAUSE OF IT!!!!" too?
"People don't like'em cause he tells it like it is. He ain't one of them pc elites." /s
"... bigly edumacated pc elites" FTFY.
I fucking wish. Such and incredible disappointment, the guy is riding a massive bandwagon of the rails in a genuinely abusive and sick fashion. If he wins, it'll probably *worse* for the new American conservatism, because he'll just lose the Republicans all future seats in government.
> he'll just lose the Republicans all future seats in government. The damage he will cause will take quite some time to recover from, though.
what do you mean though?
And my family. My dad insists Trump doesn't lie.
ugh, here I go posting something actually defending him... I get what y'all are saying, and I don't really disagree, but: making shit up isn't really lying. Especially if someone is actually ignorant on a subject (either willfully or not), them stating their uninformed opinion and labeling it a "lie" is actually a bit dangerous in an Orwellian sort of way. Smacks of "thought police" sort of mentality.
He is spectacularly ignorant about many things, but passes himself off as knowing better than actual experts. Which is why he doesn't even listen to the experts he presumably hired for their expertise, like Kellyanne Conway. That could be being dishonest about his capabilities, but he is a narcissist, so he may not even be aware of his deficiencies, so appearance of dishonesty can be excused as a mental problem. But when people accuse him of lying, it is that he denies things he has obviously said, and literally takes the opposite position sometimes even within the same sentence. He literally constructs his own reality on the fly, and it is the documented reality that is the lie. This kind of compulsive lying even has a name, gaslighting, which is a trait of narcissists. But again, perhaps this appearance of dishonesty can be excused as a mental problem.
Maybe just shut up or say it if you are not sure about something. Might as well call it lying if you just make shit up as you go.
You're probably right. That's the worst part about him, he doesn't care enough about the truth and reality to actually lie about it. He's intellectually lazy at the very least.
uh oh... get ready for your downvotes. but more seriously - [it's all been well documented](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/book-party/wp/2015/06/17/how-donald-trump-plays-the-press-in-his-own-words/?utm_term=.47bbe2d96fcf)
I'm getting it from both sides tonight, which is perfect to me! :)
Making shit up = fabricating the truth. It's not quite the same as a deliberate falsehood, but misrepresenting yourself as being knowledgable when you aren't is akin to lying.
> It's not quite the same as a deliberate falsehood .
I'm saying that while the direct use of the definition is not exactly the same, it's no better. The lie is not his factual inaccuracy, it's his feigned expertise where he has none. He speaks out of his ass and pretends it's fact.
so, say that.
I did
I get what you're saying but I disagree. If Trump makes up a horrible statistic off of the top of his head and it isn't true, it's still a lie even though he just made it up his number. A semantical disagreement, perhaps.
it is a semantic disagreement, but semantics are important. Semantics is actually one of the most important issues in politics. Hyperbole and sensationalism is not lying. If you're willing to criticize Trump as a liar, then you better start criticizing everyone else. Why do you think that this line or rhetoric has nearly no traction outside of die-hard Hillary supporters? It's just lazy rhetoric, and it bothers me. Make better arguments, there are plenty of them.
OK, I get what you're saying. As a rule, hyperbole isn't meant to be taken seriously, but Trump supporters take what he says as fact. Again, it's a fine line. And I disagree about the traction. It has plenty of traction outside of non-Trump supporters, not just with die-hard Hillary supporters. And yes, I do criticize others for lying.
Nearly every word out of his mouth are hyperbolic statements. Which equates to logical fallacy. His supporters equate his statements to truth when they have no backing to them whatsoever. It's a dangerous game when a car salesman tries to run the country. He's selling you a piece of shit but makes it sound like a deal.
You're mistake here is that you seem to think that I support Trump, for some reason.
I never made that claim. Just the petty debate in semantics is only a deversion from his fallacious statements.
And my AXE!!!!!!!!
My girlfriends parents are voting Trump...
Older people who think for themselves are voting for Trump, young, brainwashed, gullible and impressionable people are voting corrupt Hillary. Hillary has been proven to be corrupt, she under investigation by the FBI, how can anyone want this person to run the country. She's going to sell it off to the highest bidder. She's for open borders like Merkel. Do you want Muslim men groping your daughter or wife?
Well I don't want the president groping them so...
Trump is the type of person who would sell American states out from under us to Russia and China. Under the condition he keep the East Coast and rename NYC to Trump City. However, Russia would rape him on national TV after he made the deal, and then glass the east coast. No one likes traitors. If my daughter consents to a Muslim groping, that's her business. As a none white person, who looks ethnic, I only date white women... but, I was curious as to what you meant when you said "Muslim", because Muslim is a religion not a skin color. Honestly, fuck it. You lack the intelligence to further this conversation.
Dude I'm sitting at a warehouse in the hood as we speak. Two employees from down the street like Trump because he "tells the truth".
How does someone like that react when presented with videos of him saying each of two opposite things? Just the first thing that comes to mind is his "personal relationship" with Putin; in two separate videos he claims that he does and does not have a "personal relationship" with Putin.
How can he seriously claim that? There's video evidence of him having opposing positions on pretty much anything within the same week. The only thing he's been consistent on is the claim that he's a billionnaire (and that's probably been a lie too except for a brief period in the 80s).
So all those women conspired to get Trump and none of the conspiracy has busted open yet? SHOCKING.
He was only joking and being sarcastic about his entire policy positions up until this exact moment!!
All candidates lie, Trump is just shameless about it.
Trump lies far more than any typical candidate. Statements like yours are silly.
Trump is just bad/doesn't care about lying. Cruz and Hillary lie just as much, they are just much better at it. I would much rather have a liar in office who is easy to call on their bullshit.
> Cruz and Hillary lie just as much I have no idea why you even mentioned Cruz. He's not even close to having anything to do with the presidency. Hillary does not lie even close to as much as Trump. This is just absolutely ridiculous. There is no position Trump has held in the last year that I'm aware of where he has not said the exact opposite of what his supposed position are. That's all within one year. The guy is a pathological liar.
I view Hillary and Cruz as typical politicians. Admit that I did not make that clear. Look at how Hillary handled her collapse on 9/11. Whenever more information changes, she releases more information. It's calculated bullshit at its finest. First, it was, 'overheating' then when a video came out, it became 'pneumonia'. And people (like you I assume) just buy that. You have it in your head that Hillary isn't a pathological liar so you just eat up whatever she says. No, she's calculated, she figures out exactly what she can say given the information presented, it doesn't matter if it's complete bullshit. Trump is bad at lying and doesn't care, it makes it really easy to catch him in the act. With Hillary, I have no way of knowing what is true and what is not.
>With Hillary, I have no way of knowing what is true and what is not. Have you tried educating yourself about policy and civics? That makes it pretty simple to tell what is a lie. >I view Hillary and Cruz as typical politicians. If you think Ted Cruz is a typical politician...you have shown you don't know much about politics. He's a bizarre, ultra-conservative with more extreme positions than almost all politicians since the Civil War.
Exactly
More than shameless, she's sloppy about it. He constantly contradicts himself, changes opinions and positions back and forth, lies about completely unnecessary shit that has zero reason to lie about other than for the sake of lying, and just comes off like a tool 70% of the time he opens his mouth.
I heard best described as a reality distortion field similar to Jobs. So yes, all that behavior falls in line. It's truly spectacular to watch. He utterly does not care about the truth in ways that are hard for people to comprehend.
That's actually true.
There are politicians, and then there's Trump. He acts like he's in an alternate reality where everything he says becomes fact, while most politicians try to twist facts to support their argument. It's different levels of fibbing.
Quantum constanza - it's not a lie if you believe it.
Because he is a sociopath. That's literally one of the tells of a sociopath.
I read something that is sort of related to what you just said. It was something along the lines of "Most politicians believe in their policies and construct a narrative to fit those policies. Donald Trump believes in his narrative and constructs his policies to fit that narrative."
Is it even lying if you don't understand the concept of "truth"? Because that's where Trump seems to be.
True dat. He has a very tenuous relationship with reality. I mean, he legitimately thinks he isn't ugly as all fucking hell - in fact, he thinks every woman he meets is irresistibly attracted to him.
We all know Melania married him for his looks.
When you have billions, women do tend to like you more than if you were an average schmoe. Having that money has certainly upped his game.
Well sure, that's what allows him to continue to believe that he isn't a repulsive sack of dodgy tangerines.
A journalist somewhere wrote an article recently that summed up the disconnect between trump supporters and the rest of us: > We take Trump literally, but we don't take him seriously. His supporters take him seriously, but they don't take him literally. That's the whole ball game, as someone might say.
And what do Hillary supporters do? Casually deny all accusations against her being the most corrupt politician in American history?
I don't think that much of what Trump says is literal. He has that "old New Yorker" brand of exaggeration. When he says that something is "the worst it's ever been", I think he's just saying it's bad lol.
I've had some friends tell me, that the reason they want to vote for Trump is merely that he isn't a politician and they like the idea of sending a message to the establishment. Some people feel so unlistened to, that they would rather see it all burn down.
lol these people live so comfortably too and they're sitting there claiming they are a third world country and want it all to burn. People from third world countries flee *here* and the middle class live like kings compared to them. But no, you haven't been handed a castle and a ferrari for doing nothing so let's burn it all down
This is eye opening.
Sounds like most organized religions so it's really not surprising.
Sounds a bit like the religious and atheists when it comes to the bible. Only the nutters take it both literally and seriously.
Uhm....isn't there a lot of overlap there?
They treat his bullshit rhetoric the way they treat Christianity: All the rules should apply to *others* and not to them because they're special. They interpret all the vague shit he says to fit into what they want him to be saying then pretend that's what he meant all along. Anyone who challenges his bullshit is a heathen out to destroy America, etc etc. I know someone who's voting for Trump who asked me about 5 years ago to do them a favor by "passport marrying" their friend whose Visa was about to expire. I declined and the friend passport married someone else in order to stay in the US. And this person doesn't see the irony here. They were literally willing to break the law to help a friend, but all those other dirty illegal foreigners should get screwed and deported because of some arbitrary and loose moral code.
The IRS even released a statement that he could release his tax statements while under audit.
To be fair the IRS lost some credibility when it was caught targeting conservatives unfairly.
That has nothing to do with what we're talking about, but nice try.
Lost in the story was that they were also checking on liberal groups as well.
Targeting conservatives in what way? And how do you prove that if the IRS is "targeting" a group, it isn't because that group is doing something they shouldn't be?
Dude the IRS revealed it's actions itself. They admitted it was wrong and released all 426 groups they targeted. It isn't up for debate; it happened.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IRS_targeting_controversy (2013)
There were a lot of conservative groups trying to establish nonprofit tax status, and - I believe, you'll have to Google it yourself because it's been too long - a leaked memo in the IRS showed there were a ton, so some people are just blanket denying all the super conservative sounding ones while actually reading the non-conservative ones. It was wrong, and showed the IRS could use more manpower, but instead of actually looking into it, right wing groups saw it as a reason to give them even less funding.
He said he would release his tax returns anyways, going against his lawyers counsel to only release them once the audit was complete.
Source?
http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/onpolitics/2016/02/26/donald-trump-internal-revenue-service-audits/80996086/ Yup, this was back in February
Interesting. But his managers and Lawyers all tell him not to release that's different than not being allowed. Also the article doesn't say that he isn't under audit.
You were asking for a source saying the IRS said he could release his tax statements while under audit. That was the source. He may be being advised against it, but that doesn't mean he can't do it. Warren Buffet is under rolling audits, but he released his, and asked for Trump to do the same.
And you get a statement from the IRS when you are being audited... Trump wouldn't even release the statement to prove he was actually under an audit.
But the math required to convert from rubels to dollars is so complicated that it took to long
This comment deserves a ton of upvotes hahaha
So underrated
It's actually a fucking bitch to convert foreign currencies when doing taxes. There's rules for averages, rules for exchange rates, etc... based on type of income, whatever. *source: does other people's taxes for a living
Nixon's ghost even pointed out that wouldn't be unprecedented.
Nixon never released his tax returns while running for POTUS, champ. Now, without further ado... let's get back to the story at hand - The emails of Carlos Danger!!! Long live Carlos Danger!!! And for that, I thank you! #HiddenColostomyBagForHillary #PillowsForHillary #NapTimeForHillary #PrisonForHillary #PepeForHillary #DocChocForHillary #DiazepamPensForHillary
HIGH ENERGY, ANON! wew
> champ. So uncivil.
Nixon did release his tax returns while he was President, despite being under audit. This created the precedent that Presidents, and thus presidential candidates, should release their returns. It really is that simple, and if the core of your argument is based on schematics, you've already lost.
*you type:* # *we see:* Idiot
Everything after your first sentence reads like it came from a 14 year old's twitter feed... And while Nixon didn't release his taxes until after he was re-elected in '73, is that the standard you want to hold Trump to? That he's like Nixon? Best of luck if you think that's a good thing I guess...
Don't compare Trump to Nixon. Everyone gives Nixon a hard time for Watergate, but everyone seems to forget: * He opened relations with China * Kitchen Debate with Nikita Khrushchev * Created the EPA * Finance his first campaign with poker winnings * [Was an accomplished piano player](https://youtu.be/MCsGSMze_6Q) * Was reelected in '72 with one of the largest landslides in US history * All American fullback or something * VP for Eisenhower. *Eisenhower*, honey. * Lieutenant Commander is the US Navy during WW II
I'd rather write in Nixon's corpse than vote for Trump.
I'm pretty sure this is a case of Poe's Law in action (but, as would have to be the case, I can't be sure)
It seems pretty obvious to me that he was being satirical... Although, to be fair, I was positive Trump running for president was a joke for awhile back in 2015, so who knows.
A lot of posts on t_D will follow this same formula, and it looks like bots. You'll see a somewhat logical response to a post followed by some long copy pasta that doesn't make sense or is just random conspiracy crap that only the alt right followers understand, ironically making their message incoherent. Like, seriously, colostomy bags? Napping? Are these vague attacks on Hillary's health?
As a Brit watching the new episodes of South Park I find all of this all too familiar, and have some genuine questions. Is the 2nd amendment useless if you can't unite as an armed country to revolt against for instance, voter fraud in the primary's, classified information breaches / tax fraud from presidential candidates? How would you go about stopping one of these candidates getting the commander and chief position of one of the most powerful forces on the planet? Is there literally no way you could vote Bernie Sanders in?
The 2nd amendment only ensures (in this context) that we have the right to keep and bear arms. The Supreme Court upheld that this is *not* limited to "a well regulated militia" but to all citizens. Technically, we can vote for anyone, but in practice, a write-in candidate (which Sanders would be) stands effectively zero chance of winning this late in the election.
But Robot Nixon said it is.
Stalin was lie " Vat? I would not give my returns either, but I am an ash hole"
Why does Stalin have a Dracula-as-played-by-Lugosi accent?
Best I could do, didn't know how to get a Russian phonetic accent :)
Embarrassing for voters to sit back and take this shit from him.
Why do we need to see the tax returns again? I mean, if he broke the law, the IRS would get him.
They'll likely show he's not worth nearly as much money as he says he is, that he pays little or no taxes, that he doesn't give nearly as much to charity as he says he does, and that he would be facing massive foreign conflicts of interest if elected. Also, because every major presidential candidate for 40 years has done it.
> if he broke the law, the IRS would get him. Ummm, no? Why do people believe the IRS have all knowing powers and can find any misrepresentation on a tax return? The vast majority of tax returns understate their liability.
It's about transparency, not whether or not he broke the law. Especially since there are questions about whether or not he was being honest about his income.
Yeah but most people calling for his tax returns for the sake of "transparency" wouldn't bat an eye at Hillary's email issue. Her email issue was also about transparency...and not only that, it was a part of an investigation by the FBI.
I believe they bat an eye, but they didn't feel it was earth shattering. I've read them, and there are definitely things to be concerned about, I wasn't surprised that a life long politician does underhanded things. I don't like it, but I can live with it. Knowing what we know, don't you think it's in Hillary's best interest to be more transparent? The deal with Trump is he demands people just trust him. He hasn't earned that trust. The more he insists we should just understand that he knows best - the less trustworthy he seems. Why does he get push tax policy when he can't be assed to show us his own taxes? He would answer a lot of questions about his charity donations, business dealings, and actual financial success if he would provide his tax return. If he wants us to focus on his actual policy, he would clear all those questions. Edit: Oy my spelling.
Because he could owe 2 billlion dollars to Russia, Iran and China. That's not illegal but it does make for a president that's got liabilities we don't like.
The US already owes [1.2 *trillion* to China](https://www.thebalance.com/u-s-debt-to-china-how-much-does-it-own-3306355) and that is a liability that we all own.
And that's totally different from an individual owing that much to foreign interests,
I don't think the concern is so much that he has broken the law but moreso that he may be indebted into questionable people (Russian oligarchs is one floated rumour). Additionally, as far as I know every candidate since Nixon has released at least a few years of tax returns as part of running for the presidency. The fact that he won't release them, especially after saying he would, means he is a liar (which is not news) and that he has broken with decades of precedent (which is news)
But we know for a fact that Hillary is indebted to foreign nations. Following the money trail to Clinton Foundation donations and people she hired, people she granted large government contracts for, etc. So what is the difference? If Trump did have questionable dealings, now it just makes the 2 candidates equally corrupt instead of just her.
Such a high standard we set for our leaders, huh. It is not simply about weeding out overt criminals. The purpose of the presidential nominees releasing tax returns is a tradition to show good faith and character in nominees, that they pay taxes and are generally in good standing in business manners. Trump is not that kind of person , which is why he won't release them.
He's going to tell military experts what's what but totally defers to his lawyer regarding his tax disclosure.
Lol. No what's embarrassing is that the democratic nominee is losing to it and she has absolutely no one to blame but herself. If Bernie were running this election would be in the bag right now.
yes because right now Trump is the less transparent candidate...
Lol, Hillary is a criminal and you guys are still going on about taxes. Good grief.
Maybe his tax returns are on the computer of an assistant with a want to be child molester spouse.
As he is an accused rapist of a minor, with a trial date set for December, they probably are on a computer of his somewhere.
A trial date for a CIVIL lawsuit, that magically appeared when he ran for president. Which was thrown out the first time she filed it. I would also mention that she is being represented by a patent attorney and will not revel her identity.
I notice you focused on the fraud trial which may bring RICO charges and not the rape of a 13 year old. Telling. This, of course, is forgetting the lawsuit being brought by the state of NY as well.
Of course she won't, because her life will instantly be in jeopardy from insane people.
Well the good thing about living in the USA, you have the right to face accusers. There is a reason why her case was thrown out.
oooooh! the Jerry Springer shitshow is going to be a disaster.
What's your point? Is Hillary to blame because an assistant's ex husband is a pervert? Doesn't Donald have a court date in December for the rape of a minor?
The content of those emails she deleted is ridiculously horrible, straight up treason.
Source?
wikileaks Scalia's death is pointed to heavily. Collaboration with superpacs, foreign donor interest above american interest
Come on, you honestly believe that Hillary Clinton was plotting the assassination of an 80 year old man? This happened before she even won the nomination. She wasn't even able to appoint a replacement. Plus, it would make the race for presidency even more competitive, since the balance of the Supreme Court would be up for grabs. [According to snopes, they were talking about attacking Bernie Sanders for fundraising at Martha's Vineyard](http://www.snopes.com/wikileaks-exposes-clinton-assassination-of-antonin-scalia/)
snopes.... which has been mentioned by huma and john multiple times.
Does it seem logical to you that Hillary would assassinate a Supreme Court Justice?
Kevin Bacon could be hiding them.
Embarrassing for the 40% of the people who are going to vote for him. The rest of us are delivering the most humiliating Presidential loss in a generation.
By voting for the most corrupt candidate ever put forward by one of the major political parties. I am not sure what is more humiliating losing to Hillary or bragging about Hillary winning.
Your hyperbole makes you sound uninformed and your susceptibility to right-wing propaganda makes you sound silly. All in all, an unimpressive comment.
How nice the ramblings of the common liberal sheep, how bland it must be to go through life letting others tell you what to think.
I have to give you points off for "liberal sheep", it's such a tired phrase, and for just turning my criticism of you back on me, very unoriginal and low energy.
Depends on where you starting counting your generation (Reagan beat Mondale 525 to 13 electoral college votes). 538 still has Hillary v. Trump with Trump at a 20% win rate. Don't count chickens...
friend, i hope you're right
God, I was just in southern rural Michigan.... All Trump signs. Thinly populated but still disturbing.
i was in rural new jersey, more people and still all trump signs
People voting against their own interest. The ultimate insult.
Liberals in a nutshell.
How so?
And the media still pretends to be surprised. Hasn't it been official this entire time that he wouldn't be releasing tax returns?
Trump has a long and frankly bizarre history of saying different things in regards to releasing his tax returns.
>Trump has a long and frankly bizarre history of saying different things
> Trump has a long and frankly bizarre history
> Trump has a long and frank
>long frank
Not really. At several junctures over the years Trump has said he'd release his tax returns. Many of us knew he was lying, but in the moment when he's saying that, the media had to report it as stated. Over time, there's been an accumulation of contradiction and a burgeoning history of blatant lies which now give the media more reason to question this specific category of his lies.
Oh, no, they love it. It just shows how smart he is.
Maybe, just maybe, he doesn't want to fuck his children over by releasing them and giving his business a competitive disadvantage? Or maybe he doesn't want the news cycle to be about his tax returns, which are not required by law. But yeah, you'll have armchair experts on tax law on Reddit chime in how he's abusing the system and non-stop counter spam by The_Donald. For Reddit as a community it's probably better that he doesn't.
Or how gullible they are.
Well, both.
They definitely love it. The media wants the tax returns, and they hate the media, so they love that he isn't releasing them. It's pure petulance and spite, and that's all it is.
This is truly the troll candidate. He's literally running on a platform of "I make people nice people uncomfortable and you guys hate nice people, so you should vote on me" and a full 40% of the population is buying it. It's really a terrible statement on the "state of the union" as it were: half the country just wants the progressive half of the country to fuck off and die, because reasons.
His supporters are like an abused spouse that feels like someday Trump will change and start showing them the respect they deserve. Any day now, honest. Trump says he's going to make everything great again.
Her supporters are like an abused spouse that feels like someday Hillary will change and start showing them the respect they deserve. Any day now, honest. Hillary says she's going to stop breaking the law again.
God it's gonna be so much fun reading the_donald after Nov 8. I can't wait! I'm not normally one for wallowing in schadenfreude but this is the one time I'll be happy to make an exception.
He's expresses nothing but love for his supporters at his rallies. He engages with his supporters and shows deep gratitude for their support. He gives a voice to millions upon millions of people who have been walked all over and hurt by such things as Clinton's NAFTA. He loves this country and wants to see the jobs that Hillary tossed over the border to come back. He wants this be because he *cares* about all these people who have had their livelihood stripped away. Hillary only cares about enriching herself and exploiting the office the same way she exploited the Department of State. But she'll never get the chsnce, fortunately. There's far to many of us and we believe in his policies because they have substance. What do you guys have? Sad defensiveness that boils down to calling people like me racist scum, and calling my candidate Hitler. You're in for a surprise in November. Hillary is going to continue hemorrhaging voters as the scope of her criminality unfolds over the coming days.
Like another large rumped candidate I know of. Seriously American people, please behead these clowns that run your country and the people that protect them. You country is so corrupt and not even for the people anymore with so much bullshit from both sides. Just end it, and start over.
But I don't FEEL like an abused spouse? You have to make the conscious decision to be upset about Trump's taxes. I'm not upset about them.
That's because you're smart enough to expect more from a third-grader than you do from Trump.
You do realize that attempting to equivocate Trump to a third grader isn't shifting any votes, right? Hell, I cast mine last week.
I wasn't equivocating them, I was putting the third-grader above Trump. I know that if I had a kid in third grade I would definitely expect him to know more about the world than Trump does. I've also already cast my vote. Guessing ours cancel each other out.
I get the point you're trying to make: Trump's stupid and doesn't understand policy. Message received loud and clear. But you don't ACTUALLY think a third grader is more intelligent than Trump, right? It's a figure of speech. Trying to seriously suggest that makes you sound foolish.
Trump, by his own admission, barely sleeps. What that does to you is severely degrade your ability to retain information. Trump's thought process is incredibly slow, and you can see it play out every time he speaks. Repetition, not staying on-topic, using only vague terms. So in several ways I would indeed put the intelligence of your average third-grader above his, yes. He is the male Palin.
>Trump's stupid and doesn't understand policy. Yes, exactly. Also, he's a liar and a fraud. He regularly screws over contractors and small business owners. His charity is a scam. He's racist and misogynistic. His VP is the absolute worst of the evangelical wing of the Republican party. His economic proposals would lower taxes for the ultra wealthy, while increasing the national debt. But of course Hillary kept her emails on a private server, exactly like the Bush administration did. No one cares that we are missing millions of emails from the previous administration, emails regarding the invasion of Iraq.
Yeah third graders know that sexual assault is wrong
No that's fine. It's fine that he shows his supporters the least amount of respect of any primary winning presidential candidate in modern history by not releasing his tax returns. He's just misunderstood.
A lot of his supporters don't think he will make things great again, they just want to see him go to DC and cause all sorts of problems for the people that they see as responsible for their problems. It is more about vengeance and fuck it all for many of them than making things better. Some think things wil get better after the fact but they do not expect that to come directly from Trump. Trump supporters are not some monolithic base who all support him for the same reason. That is just Clinton campaign propaganda.
>r/DC_Cinematic is like an abused spouse that feels like someday the folks in charge of the DCEU will change and start showing the characters the respect they deserve. Any day now, honest. Uncle Snyder says he's going to make everything great again. Spooky how similar r/DC_Cinematic and r/the_donald are.
Wait... do they actually think that the DC 'creative' committee are going to one day turn around and commission a good movie, and then Zack Synder is going to deliver it? Ouch.
No, they think the movies are already great, and that the next one will make the critics finally understand their genius.
Oh.... oh no.
he disrespects us because he loves us.
I fell down some stairs.
America had to be beaten in order to make it great again.
I mean, you say that as a joke. But there is a sizeable portion of Trump supporters that are voting him purely out of spite for the system with the intent to burn it down. Fuck everybody, and everything. Once we're all fucked, the only way left to go is up.
America thinks that kind of abuse is because he loves America.
America has been getting grabbed by the pussy for years.
America deserved it
Apparently America consented.
He only abuses those he loves.
America was asking for it, what with all those sexy stars and stripes.
You can literally build a robotic candidate that is anti abortion and anti gay and those voters would let him get away with any other shit.
Calling a candidate a robot. This is fresh and exciting.
Why do you think he's anti abortion and anti gay? My understanding is that one of the bigger issues he's had with traditional conservatives is that he doesn't care about gay marriage, abortion, and he wants to decriminalize marijuana.
"Let us not pretend that DemoBot Mk II's logic chips haven't performed the correct calculations. They have prformed *exactly* the correct calculations." -RubiBot (2020 ver.)
They had Marco Ruboto, but he fell into the uncanny valley.
It doesn't even need that. Trump holds many views that are utterly at odds with the very foundation of conservatism, yet conservatives continue to support him. It pretty much all boils down to the little R next to his name. Trump could literally say anything -- and when I mean anything, I mean anything -- and it wouldn't matter as long as he's got that R, because to them R = good and D = bad. Anything else is irrelevant. Politics is basically religion. You pick an ideology, usually the one you were born into, and you support that ideology at all costs. The end.
I mean, there are single issue voters who think abortion is a great evil on par with slavery. I disagree but I think they believe it genuinely. Imagine if you had to choose between a pro-slavery candidate and and the anti-slavery candidate was Trump; thats what this election is to a certain segment of voters.
throw in pro-gun for extra insurance and good to go!
I wonder how far you could strip down that concept... what if they nominated a potato with a tiny confederate flag stuck into it?
How about a sweet potato with little hands glued on?
As a spokesman for Candidate Potato, I'm here to tell you he understands the struggle of living day to day in America. There are no free lunches, and Candidate Potato worked for months to convert sunlight and soil nutrients into edible starches; that experience will help him to address the struggles in America today and turn them into opportunities. Buds for Spud is about more than that tiny Confederate Flag, it's about the ideals of every American. Vote Potato 2016.
The West Wing had a story arc where one of the characters got a dead candidate elected: >**Reporter:** "Mr. Bailey, we're all sitting here pretending this is a regular press conference and you're very engaging up there, but your candidate died, so why isn't this all a little preposterous?" >**Bailey:** "Chuck Webb is a seven-term Congressman who, as chairman of not one but two Commerce subcommittees, has taken money from companies he regulates. He's on the board of the NRA and once challenged another Congressman to a fist fight on the floor, over an amendment to make stalkers submit to background checks before buying AR-15s, AK-57s, Street Sweepers, Mac-10s, Mac-11s. He's joined protests designed to frighten pregnant women." **Reporter:** What's your point? **Bailey:** "There are worse things in the world than no longer being alive."
That also happened IRL - John Ashcroft, Bush's first AG, only ended up in the Cabinet because he lost his Senate seat to a dead guy.
Which is hilarious and sad.
Upvote for little known yet incredibly amusing fact!
I just read in the news about a lady that would've voted for it twice.
"Candidate ConservoBot3000, several detractors have recently pointed out that as a robot constructed by KUKA and programmed by Allen Bradley, you are technically not a natural born citizen of the United States and therefore ineligible for the presidency. Do you have any response?" "Allen Bradley is a nameplate of Rockwell Automation and headquartered in Milwaulkee; construction of my line of ConservoBots provide thousands of good paying jobs to Americans every day. Frankly, we need to talk about the real issues; elimination of all income taxes, overturning Obergefell and Roe v. Wade, and defending the constitution. Whether I am a construct of flesh and bone or a rudimentary AI programmed to reply with this exact speech narrated by Colin Powell to all questions is irrelevant." I could see him polling at 45% or so.
A white Conservobot being questioned about its citizenship? Sounds like science fiction to me.
Yep, they only question liberals about their citizenship.
What about Ted Cruz? It was rumored during the primaries that he was born in Canada. Trump tweeted about it a few times.
Well, Cruz *was* born in Canada, but he was born there to American citizens. He argues that since he was a Citizen at birth that meant he was natural born. I think it could have been a question in the general had he gotten nominated, since SCOTUS has never really defined what a natural born citizen is, even if I agree with the Cruz interpretation. In advance, no; I don't know why Obama wouldn't also have qualified then even if he wasn't born in Hawaii (which he was), unless you believe he was both born in Kenya and not to Ann Dunham, which is just... yeah.
Doublethink is an artform for Republicans.
I wonder why that rumor died off so quickly.
You mean the Romneybot 2012 model? I hear that thing went rogue recently.
Went sentient after the election and was last seen pumping gas to better empathize with humans.
It impregnated a bunch of toasters and started a cult in a stocking room of a Walmart.
Say what you want about him, but he still has higher polls than Stein in some states.
Popularity as evidenced by this election doesn't say much. A large percentage of US voters (or any country really) are non-critical thinking dolts.
Thats only because pollsters can't tell the difference between sentient answering machines and actual people.
He said he would lie to us.
He said he "might" lie to us. He didn't say he would definitely lie to us. Also he doesn't lie to people in wheelchairs.
he would never lie to giacamo though
He has a public opinion and a private opinion.
I would imagine it depends on the moment and what's occupying his attention. Squirrel!
How many times has Hillary lied to us though? There's literally videos of her lying for 30 minutes straight on the internet; look it up.
We probably have different definitions of this word.
Ha! You're faulting *Trump* for lying to you?
He was being sarcastic. But not that sarcastic.
He was lying when he said that though.
Paradox!
Fuck, who do I trust? Donald then or Donald now? Which one is the real one?!?
So he was telling the truth then.
No, see the [Paradox Brothers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RSrSAIo4S1I).
But he also promised to never lie to us!
Gotta crack an egg to make an omelette I suppose.
The good old [liar paradox](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liar_paradox): "In philosophy and logic, the classical liar paradox or liar's paradox is the statement of a liar who states that they are lying: for instance, declaring that "I am lying" or "everything I say is false". If they are indeed lying, they are telling the truth, which means they are lying."
"I'll lie again and again and again. I promise." - Henry Rollins, Liar https://youtu.be/awY1MRlMKMc
No, he still managed to be a liar about it.
"Norman please coordinate"
"You can always trust a liar to be dishonest."
HAHAHAHA, THIS is the news of the weekend??? Oh man.
No, he was being sarcastic.
But not too sarcastic.
Well, we now know **for sure** that Hillary lied based on the reopening of the FBI investigation into her that has revealed the existence of 650,000 emails on Weiner's laptop, thousands of which are confirmed to be from her private server. Honestly, I thought r/politics dealt with **current** news? I see nothing about the FBI investigation on Hillary, but r/The_Donald is reporting it. Why? Is this still a subreddit to post current U.S. news? All I see are old stories about Trump.
*bigly* sarcastic
[he never said that](https://media.giphy.com/media/l0HlLA99hjW5P1BIY/giphy.gif)
**Wrong** \*sniff*
How did it come this far? Really... When he first announced he was running for president, it was like a funny joke. This isn't funny anymore. I am genuinely scared for the future of our country. :( Edit: many of you have pointed out negative facts about Clinton. Fair enough. This is a response I gave someone else earlier, figured I'd copy paste it here for all to see. >>Just because I am Anti-Trump does not mean I am Pro-Hillary. That's a very linear and unfair way of looking at it. Hillary has my vote, yes, but it's not because I like her. It's because she scares me less than Trump. In my eyes, to the people of the United States, are in a lose-lose(less) situation.
Did you not see that Hillary is under investigation AGAIN? And you're freaking out about a tax return? Get real
Just because I am Anti-Trump does not mean I am Pro-Hillary. That's a very linear and unfair way of looking at it. Hillary has my vote, yes, but it's not because I *like* her. It's because she scares me *less* than Trump. In my eyes, to the people of the United States, are in a lose-lose(less) situation.
The fact that you are scared makes me laugh lol
How did it come this far? Really.. When it first came out that Hillary mishandled classified information and destroyed evidence, it was like a funny joke. This isn't funny anymore. I am genuinely scared for the future of our county. :(
Please vote third party, especially if you're in a non-battleground state (but even if you're not). It's more meaningful to get third party candidates up above 5% than to cast another really meaningless vote towards one of the major party candidates.
Please elaborate on this for me. >Please vote third party, especially if you're in a non-battleground state (but even if you're not). Who should I vote for, and why? >It's more meaningful to get third party candidates up above 5% than to cast another really meaningless vote towards one of the major party candidates. Why is this? What's the deal with getting above five percent if they're going to lose anyways? And finally, what if my vote actually matters (like they try to teach you in school... Even though you know it's bullcrap) and Hillary actually needs the vote? I'm not trying to be a dick, I hope you understand that. For the most part, I am politically uneducated, so I am genuinely interested in talking about this.
* Voting for a third-party candidate is not throwing your vote away. It will make a definite statement, both to the Republican and Democratic parties, and to your fellow citizens. * Even though they represent the same vested interests, there is enough rivalry between the Democratic and Republican parties that, if third parties receive a sufficient proportion of the vote, they will begin to modify their platforms, making more concessions to citizens. * Further, voting for third-party presidential candidates will help third parties reach the critical threshold of 5% of the popular vote — at which point they will qualify for [public campaign funding assistance](http://www.fec.gov/press/bkgnd/fund.shtml). http://freepress.org/article/wasted-vote-myth
Insightful. Thank you! I'll read into the link you posted tonight. :)
Right!? Even polling "experts" like [Nate Silver](https://youtu.be/LgLe1fWJBi0?t=1m15s) were shocked. But the numbers suggested it from the start apparently.
I honestly hope he is assassinated - win or lose. I don't think I've ever wished that on anybody before.
As an outside observer, it is like watching a ridiculous comedy show. Imagine Trump as president. The crazy things he says now, does anyone think they're going to stop if he's elected? No, instead you're going to have a president who embarrasses his country every time he opens his mouth. When some crisis comes up, he's going to make jokes about it. When the Queen dies, he'll say he's sad he missed the opportunity to grab her by the pussy. Only nutjobs want a leader that spouts off whatever gibberish without restraint.
*God save the Queen* ^(From ^^Trump)
> Just because I am Anti-Clinton does not mean I am Pro-Trump. That's a very linear and unfair way of looking at it. Trump has my vote, yes, but it's not because I like him. It's because he scares me less than Clinton. In my eyes, to the people of the United States, are in a lose-lose(less) situation.
That's a fair statement, but I'm not calling anyone out on their opinions. I've got friends that are pro trump. I've got friends that are pro hillary. They are still my friends, and I don't think any less of them. Everyone can have their own opinions, and their own vote, but it seems like every time I bring up my own opinion, people want to bash me for it. So, here's my opinion: I want the best for myself, my family, and my country. If I can't have the best, I'll aim for as close to it as I can get. Fuck me, right?
Nope, that's basically how I feel. I just wanted to present an equally viable emotion.
In that case, I apologize. I feel as if I've been under attack all day from supporters of both trump and Hillary. The same people who say you need to talk about politics with people make it immeasurably difficult to want to. Having an opinion makes one side be dicks and try to make you change your mind. God forbid you do, because then the other side is waiting with an argument of their own. When did 'talk politics' become synonymous with 'yell at anyone who doesn't agree with me'?
No worries. I feel the same. Everyone is super polarized.
All real polls show Clinton winning.
The media tried to portray Donald's running as a funny joke, in an attempt to squash him early on. However, as we all know now, it failed miserably.
> I am genuinely scared for the future of our country. I don't blame you. To be perfectly honest, this whole thing happening in the US is frightening for the entire world. This election cycle has proven that logic doesn't matter anymore, honesty doesn't matter. I'm no fan of Clinton, at all. But she and Trump are in no way comparable in terms of either character or ability to lead. He had lied, repeatedly, about things that are all over the internet, on tape for people to see. It's not like he might be telling the truth and it's just a matter of subjective interpretation - he flat out lies, nearly every time he opens his mouth, about things that are easily provable, but somehow it doesn't matter. That's why it's not him that's scary - it's the people who support him. They successfully developed a way to create and sustain their own reality and its fucking insane. And they're growing in numbers. Even if Trump loses this election they've become empowered enough to continue this nonsense. What happens 4 years from now when they respond to the 2016 loss with an even more angry, vile and irresponsible candidate and they have more numbers? These people don't want to make America better, they want to have the power to punish the people they perceive as making it bad. That's what's truly dangerous. Trump isn't popular in spite of his hateful rhetoric and irresponsible demonization of "the others", he's popular **because** of it. These people want to see immigrants being hauled away in cuffs, they want to see Muslims, innocent or otherwise, bombed into dust and they'd cheer while it happened. Everyone keeps saying "I can't believe this is happening", "How can this be happening", but the truth is that we know why it's happening, we just don't want to acknowledge it because the reality is scarier than "people are just dumb".
45% of American voters will support the far right. As long as more people are radicalised than are deradicalised each year, this poses a threat to global security. What happens in 2020 after another 4 years of far right talk radio brainwashing?
The far right has a strong presence on YouTube. Once you watch one relatively harmless anti-SJW video, your feed will recommend several race realist (code for white supremacist) channels. It's easy to go down that rabbit-hole.
Morbid but it tends to be the older generations with the extreme right views. Sadly some will not be here in 2020
I don't think that's sad at all.
The problem is more people are still being radicalised each week than deradicalised, so that won't help much.
Do you have actual evidence of that? Also, people who die aren't deradicalized.
How many people do you think listen to talk radio? I literally don't know a single person who does.
That's the thing - I assume it's less than 10% of the population that listens to the crazies. So where else is the radicalisation coming from? Why do most Trump supporters believe Obama is a Muslim for example?
> Why do most Trump supporters believe Obama is a Muslim for example? Any source at all on this?
http://www.publicpolicypolling.com/main/2015/08/trump-supporters-think-obama-is-a-muslim-born-in-another-country.html Last year you can see how most Republicans believed be was Muslim, disproportionately so among Donald's 29%. http://www.publicpolicypolling.com/main/2016/05/gop-quickly-unifies-around-trump-clinton-still-has-modest-lead.html In May, 65% of those with a favourable opinion of Trump believed Obama was a Muslim.
10% of the population is 30 million. Fox News, even on its best nights dominating cable news is lucky to it 3 million for a single timeslot. They average a little more than 1 million throughout the day while CNN and MSNBC come in at 3/4 and 1/2 million. So for any given news outlet, we're talking about less than a percent, and even if we narrow that to look at only active voters, it's still less than a percent. So the question is do you think there are more talk radio listeners than cable news watchers?
Well Sean Hannity and Limbaugh have about 13m weekly listeners each (with plenty of overlap you'd imagine). Add in Levin, Beck etc and you'd get to 20m different individuals I'd say. Still less than 10% of the population most likely - so that makes you wonder where it's coming from as I said, right?
In 4 years, we elect a random celebrity. Draw it from a hat!
Will ANY talk radio exist in four years?
Eight years of it gave us Trump.
If you actually think that talk fucking radio is why people support trump it just shows you are completely out of touch... the people that support trump are disenfranchised fucking morons that couldn't win for losing an think he will save them and the rich fucks that stand to profit from their optimism. That is it. It has nothing to do with radio that fucking no one listens to and everything to do with desperation and greed.
>*that certianly illustrates the diversity of the word...*
Forty-five percent of the voting public. Hate motivates them to vote in greater numbers
So what's the solution?
We need to enfranchise more people, hear them out, and let them know that they matter.
The media can start covering news and stop letting people lie on tv. When Trump is given air time to say bullshit, we are worse for it
How do you implement that?
Literally just waiting until the baby boomers die.
There is a new generation being groomed. Not all young people are liberals. I'm the only one of four siblings to escape the paranoid conservative idiocy pushed onto us by our parents and extended family.
Get rid of radios. All of em. Force car manufacturers to not put radios in new cars, remove them from existing cars and homes, then smash all the broadcast towers, and pray. It's the only way to save us all.
I like your style.
Thanks. If you're actually looking for real answers, you're gonna find there's not much the government can do. Freedom of Speech and what not.
Well, we kill all the Blacks, Hispanics, Muslims, and gays. Then we can get to work on the Papists and Jews. After that, we need to get rid of all liberal Christian sects. After that, we'll need to get rid of the Jehovah's Witnesses and Seventh Day Adventists...
The left starts getting things done. Throughout history, people turn to radical leaders as they become more and more convinced that they need someone to "get stuff done". Probably starts with the abolishment of lobbyists and what ever loophole lets them back in again. Trump getting this far is a symptom of an unhappy America. You fix that by fixing both parties. He is a sign of a weak left.
More education spending.
Lying to the American people shouldn't be as [lucrative](https://www.google.ca/search?q=sean+hannity+net+worth&oq=sean+hannity+net+worth&aqs=chrome..69i57j0.2683j0j7&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8) as [it is](https://www.google.ca/search?q=sean+hannity+net+worth&oq=sean+hannity+net+worth&aqs=chrome..69i57j0.2683j0j7&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8#q=rush+limbaugh+net+worth).
Stop looking to the people above you to create a better world or even maintain a good one. People who can walk the streets safely and put food on their tables and can sleep soundly at night do not become radicalized. Radicalization is caused solely by fear. Left or Right, we can no longer depend on government to ensure that people are able to enjoy life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. It's up to us now. The only way to fix this is to fight for a world without fear, and that can only be done when we do it together.
We should have put harsher sanctions on the confederate states after the civil war. Now the solution is not so clear. If the Trump fascists rise up after the election and the federal government asks for volunteers I'll definitely be first in line to volunteer though ;)
There are three solutions. 1) Wait: Trump supporter [is stronger among older demographic groups](http://www.people-press.org/2016/07/07/2-voter-general-election-preferences/). Notice that this stops counting at 65 - but it will be stronger among the 75+ group. 2) Wait some more: Trump's strongest (and at this point basically only) support is from [white voters](http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2016/09/dissecting-donald-trumps-support/499739/). White voters will continue to be an absolute majority for only a few more election cycles. [Nonwhite children will be the majority of births by 2020](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2015/03/04/390672196/for-u-s-children-minorities-will-be-the-majority-by-2020-census-says) which means that the 2036 election could be the last presidential election with a white-majority electorate. Some sources put that shift as late as 2056. 3) No, seriously, wait it out. [By 2055 even Louisiana and Mississippi will be majority-minority states](https://www.facingsouth.org/2015/03/when-will-southern-states-become-majority-minority.html). Oklahoma will have been in that club for 10 years. Texas already is. Why am I focusing so much on race? Well, it's simple: race is the defining characteristic of a Republican voter, and more importantly [a lack of interaction with people of other races](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2016/08/12/a-massive-new-study-debunks-a-widespread-theory-for-donald-trumps-success/) is a major predictor of Trump support. Hell, [a full third of Trump supporters follow white nationalists on Twitter](http://www.esquire.com/news-politics/news/a50128/trump-supporters/). Trump supporters tend to be racially isolated, fearful for their childrens' futures, and a significant majority of them are at least listening to what racists have to say if they are not racists themselves. This will change. As people interact more with people of other races - a necessity as the country continues to become more diverse - they tend to have higher opinions of other ethnicities. This cuts both ways - [black Americans are less likely to want to live in segregated neighborhoods than whites are, suggesting that they see a value in multiethnic societies](http://www.citylab.com/housing/2015/06/its-mostly-white-people-who-prefer-to-live-in-segregated-neighborhoods/396887/). And as white folks stop being the majority they'll be exposed to more and more people who aren't white. And that will mean that they'll have a more and more positive view of other people, meaning that the white nationalism streak that's currently running through the GOP will be weakened by death, age, and demographic change. But there's something else, too. I think that a lot of Trump supporters probably will behave badly when he wins. There are a lot of GOPers who are unhappy with Trump as the nominee and are merely *more* unhappy with Clinton, and so are willing to suffer through some of the bad bedfellows because their disdain of Clinton is so strong. But they will at some point realize that a) a lot of the people they've gotten into bed with are really, really lousy people, and b) Trump is not and never was a conservative in the traditional sense. I actually think that both Evan McMullin and Gary Johnson are good conservative alternatives to Trump, depending on whether you are a social conservative or more of an economic/Randian conservative. Both candidates, I think, have good arguments in their favor for why people should vote for them. And I think that both candidates will begin to make more public appearances as the election fever dies down in the early part of 2017 with a great deal of "I told you so" and "You shoulda looked to me" types of speeches. Both will be right. There are a goodly number of conservative/GOP voters who are abandoning Trump for alternative candidates or not voting at all. I think there are going to be a few hundred thousand blank top-line votes on ballots around the country, maybe as many as a million. The GOP *has* to change. They cannot continue to pursue this line of behavior. That's not because they know, intellectually, that it's immoral - the party leadership and elected top-line bobbleheads have made it perfectly clear that they put party above country eleven times out of ten. But it's because the voters will abandon them, or die out, or simply be overwhelmed by demographic shifts. The GOP will have to stop peddling this poisoned candy if it wants to survive. And, ultimately, I think that they will, or they will be swept aside. I don't have a real preference for which outcome we see. But either way, there *will* be a shift, and I think that it will be fairly rapid. My guess is that 2024 or 2028 is the last time that a Trump-like voter will be able to capture even 100 electoral votes. And that will be the death knell of the radical far right.
Require news programs to tell the truth.
Ah. I see. How would this be enforced? Would we have a government censorship bureau to punish speech deemed "untruthful"?
Slander is illegal. We don't need a government censorship bureau for that. We have competing news organizations who are supposed to fact check. If they find a competitor is lying, they'd be willing to present the evidence to the courts themselves. You like the free market right?
So then why does that not happen already? Why aren't news outlets tattling on each other left and right? The reality is that both sides of the aisle lie and stretch the truth, not just the right, and to suggest otherwise is irresponsible at best.
Because it's currently not illegal. The Fairness Doctrine which required broadcasts to be honest, equitable, and balanced is gone. No, facts are facts. You can stretch or lie all you want in editorials, and that's fine. I don't even care if you are balanced, at least tell the truth with your propaganda.
Why should the Fairness Doctrine even need to exist if slander is already illegal? Nice evasion from my latter point. Both sides lie. Accept it.
This isn't about slander, it's about American citizens getting the truth from their news.
Mortality. The baby boomers are dying off.
*Will* die off. Projected ceiling on mortality is 2019 for the earliest boomers, and 2042 for the tail end. The largest spike is 2028, which is the line down the middle of the bell distribution, just in time for the presidential election.
Try again. They're teaching their kids this stuff, and the next generation is watching Fox News too just fine. Maybe in another 50 years, but we can't survive that long.
People need to engage with family members and try to bring them back to reality. People can't simply say "I avoid talking politics" with family anymore. You have to at least get them to ground themselves in some sort of empirical reality.
Translation: get them to believe in what I think is right.
No, get them to beleive REALITY. People have differing opinions on social and economic policy and that's fine, but there are objective facts in this world. Obama was born in the United States and is not a Muslim or a communist. Evolution and climate change are real things that actually happen. The UN is not plotting with Democrats to take away everyone's guns and institute sharia law. We can't begin to have a rational conversation about tax policy and tariffs and immigration reform when almost half the country is living in an alternate reality.
You just painted like half of America with one brush. Doing that is the reason why Trump is even able to be competitive in the polls.
When the shoe fits... Over half of Trump supporters think Obama wasn't born in the USA. Many of these people are seriously deluded about reality. They've been spoonfed their news from Breitbart and Alex Jones and many sincerely believe that Obama literally wants to take people's guns, or that widespread voter fraud is a thing that actually happens, or that Hillary Clinton murders people and has a hit list, or that she's on her deathbed as we speak.
Hardly. How many people on the left will talk about the IQ gap for example? The problem is that there is a denial of reality on an industrial scale by a good 35% of the US population. Obama is a Muslim, climate change is a conspiracy, etc. Science and reason are the enemy. That is unsustainable.
lol. No. You think every radicalized right winger talks openly about politics? They don't. It isn't just moderates that don't discuss politics. In fact I would argue you probably have radicalized friends who pretend to be moderate and make good rational points. Yet they'll walk into the ballot box and vote for Trump. And you'll be none the wiser. The only solution to this problem is to either suppress the vote, regulate speech, or remove such people from running for office in the first place. All require adopting some level of authoritarian principles.
What a very fascist like statement.
Care to elaborate?
I think it also has to do with discussing mental health care and issues more fully and making it a national discussion. I'm not saying that all Trump supporters are mentally ill, but I'd wager that many of them do have mental health issues that should be addressed. (Persecution complex, conspiracies, delusions a la Alex Jones, to say the least.)
Engaging with family doesn't help. I have told my mother in law many, many times all of her emails are false. I got this one a couple days ago >.....if you haven't seen it already, it is a MUST SEE before you vote!!!! I just got a little more respect for Matt Lauer!! >Watch and understand that the below site has been going on for 30 years. Recently the Secret Service and all of the State Department security have exposed her horrible abuse. >https://youtu.be/_NfFAaPZqs8 >**I tried to check this out, but was not successful. Therefore, it's unproven. However, I have little doubt it happened!** Debunked in a 2 second google search. Of course I reply all showing how it is false but Jesus. There is no way to fight people who believe every dumb Infowars/Breitbart-invented scandal; especially when they are comfortable saying "I have little doubt it happened" after admitting they couldn't prove it.
I simply get told that college makes you liberal. And something about how the professors get you to become liberal. I've given up basically
Yeah. It's to the point with me where I can't talk politics with them because it ends up in a yelling match. Reality is out of reach.
Stay strong. I'm in the same boat. Only a bit over a week to go until I stop hearing about Obama being the worst president ever and Benghazi.
How long has this been an issue? What do you think radicalised them? I'm sorry to hear that.
Pure gibbering stupidity.
It's weird because my dad is a Fox/Rush daily watcher/listener, but he's also vehemently anti-religion and is into a lot of new age stuff. He's been republican for as long as I can remember but the hardcore stuff came out in the last dozen years or so. I can still have political talks with him, but it always escalates quickly and gets to the point where we agree to disagree. He recently said it was complete bullshit that there had been at least six republican-led investigations into Benghazi. My oldest brother and I don't even talk politics anymore. He goes from zero-completely pissed in a moment. Been like that for years.
So you think it was Fox commentators and talk radio? Interesting how he seems to understand Benghazi was bullshit. He's able to touch base with reality. Hopefully he'll get better. Likewise for your brother.
Yeah, pretty sure it was the Fox and talk radio. It coincides with when he retired, and had more time to watch/listen.
:( Sorry man. This is all scaring me over here at this point. God knows how you feel. I have family who've gone off the deep end too (with angel mysticism that costs them lots of money), but it's not like they're supporting the destruction of the West.
Oh, let me clarify something here. He was denying that there were six investigations of Benghazi. As in, they never happened.
Oh. Holy shit. That's crazy. What the fuck? They've created a whole alternate reality with their own parallel set of facts.
Okay that's when you just run away. Literally. There is no hope for that man. Those investigation are ON TAPE.
Are you kidding me? The far right has put out so much propaganda that when you argue with that family member they have ridiculous amounts of bullshit to regurgitate back to you. They think they are in the real reality and that the left is nuts. All the arguments we have against them they have against us, down to our candidate should be in jail. It should have been Bernie. At least we'd have a good argument against the far left, even Donald quotes him.
I've been trying to talk to them. All that's happened is that I've been alienated to the point of wanting to die. I'm not suicidal-- too many people depend on me for me to kill myself-- but if my car hits a patch of ice this winter, don't cry for me. I'm ready to be done. The insurance payout would take care of my parents. We had a family reunion at the start of the month, and it was literally 25 to 1. I was the one. Incidentally, 4 of the 25 are pastors in a Christian denomination.
But if you die who will vote for Clinton? Have you considered moving to Germany as a compromise? They've been inoculated against this stuff.
Hey, don't let this election bring you that low, it's not worth it. Do you have friends where you are? It sounds like your family is really negatively affecting your mental health. I would try to avoid them if possible & get around some supportive people. Stay true to your beliefs, who knows maybe some others from your family will one day change their mind, you can't predict the future.
While my family is not as bad as that I had to tell my mother to stay away from my house until she gets off the crazy train she's on. The alt-right web is not helping her sanity and she believes every fucking conspiracy theory they tout. I just don't want that around my kids.
I wish i could give you a hug. :(
Please don't want to die over this. You know, in the end, if things just look too bleak here, there *are* other countries you could move to rather than letting death take you...
Why *not* want to die? There are way too many people, everyone knows this. A contingent of people who aren't desperate to have kids and proliferate isn't the worst thing for humanity.
I'm not even going to respond to this, I'm just going to block you. I hope he does as well.
Excuse me? Responses like yours are really reaffirming my desire to die. Wishing for a drunk driver to skip a couple lanes and just end me already so I don't have to put up with this shit anymore.
People on reddit really tend to overestimate the average American's realistic ability to immigrate to another country. It's practically impossible unless you're extremely wealthy or famous, or you luck out and marry someone from said country (which is rather impossible because how the fuck are you going to ever chance upon a date with someone from another country anyway and have it progress to the point of marriage when you live so far away?)
or "why you should die" by Internet Asshole
I am in this town, in this state, in this country for the duration. My parents depend on me. I run their business, bring in income, manage health issues, etc. It's not a terrible life, but it's not a life where I have options. You do what you have to do for family. I remind myself that people all over the world all through history have to provide for their families but some of them are living a nightmare due to war, abject poverty, etc.
I'm sorry. There's nothing someone like you can really do without help from others. It's not fair you have to deal with this.
Jesus, thank the gods that I have been born in a country where people like Bernie Sanders are right wingers.
At this point I want trump to win. America needs him as president, every 8 years things need to be thrown in disorder, I especially enjoy the kind new of people he has surrounded himself with. 4 years from now if he wins, I cant wait to see the state of the country then.
I can't wait for Mars colonisation to be a thing. Used to be a time when people who disagreed with the majority could go out and work to create the sort of society they wanted. Fuck Earth, let me do research in my tolerant, meritocratic Martian village.
Jesus man why? What about the economy, civil rights, democracy, us in Europe? Why must Americans treat this as a game? You endanger the world.
Worry about Europe before you start worrying about us over in the US. You guys are easily in worst shape.
No one as extreme as Trump could get 45% of the vote here.
I want it all out the window. We need this, I know things are going to get worse with him as President, but about 40% of the country wants it. It's the only thing that I can see will make them realize how stupid it is. All this talk about educating them is going nowhere. They are adults who have the life experience and knowledge to know what they want, I say give it to them and let them see the consequences.
This is fair.
Bear in mind it took 6 years of war and utter defeat and 4.5 million war deaths for Germans to realise how stupid their decision 12 years earlier was. These people aren't grounded in reality now, there's no reason to think they will be in 4 years time.
Because people are stupid and don't understand the real cost of a Trump as president... It's horrifying for me as an American citizen to think that he would be the commander of the world's largest military. People say we should leave, but to go where? No where is safe with that man in office, and on top of that is it not my duty to the world to help undo whatever awful things he may accomplish? All I can do is vote and be proactive with educating people, but it's awfully difficult when you deal with new earthers, people who don't believe in science, and live by a book. And it's not that they are unintelligent, it's that their social circles are so dependent upon them believing the things they do about religion that if they don't they will be entirely alienated.
It isn't really that. It is that every 8 years one side comes up with completely insane predictions to scare you away from one of the candidates. Back in 2008 people said Obama would destroy the economy, turn us into a sharia country, give reparations to all black people, and take over all the industries (communism). And absolutely none of that happened after Obama was elected. If he were never elected we'd never know for certain and crazy right wingers would still tell us today how they saved us from the Apocalypse that was Obama. Now we've got a candidate that we're told is literally the next Hitler. Will start WWIII with Russia. Start a nuclear war. Muslims will be sent to internment camps. African Americans will all be deported to Africa. People will die on the streets due to lack of healthcare. The debt will soar to $20T. The rich will stop paying taxes. I don't believe any of these to be true. But the only way to find out for certain is to elect Trump president. Or we will risk ending up the same situation we could have had had we not elected Obama. So in reality it is morbid curiosity. If the Left didn't make Trump so appealing he wouldn't be where he is right now.
We're supposed to be electing a president, not a daedric prince.
What country do you live in, and how can I move there?
well there is also new zealand, we have male hillary as the current right wing prime minister (boring and with some stupid scandals), left wing is Bernie without the bad economic policies and the green party is a large party and is sane. plus all the sheep you will ever want.
It's actually really difficult to move to a lot of Europe. Poland gave out half of the EU's residency permit last year (mostly to Ukrainians), but they're also our Alabama, PiS (ECR) are pretty crazy. Won't really affect you in your daily life though, you'll have to go to another country for an abortion mind you (same here in Ireland, sigh).
Just sneak into the country, start a family there, and then appeal to their good senses to not break your family apart.
Yeah... we'll deport you.
hey i'm american and your comment interested me. my grandparents came from Warsaw so i'm left with some Polish blood, but know nothing about the country at all. why do u call it the Alabama of EU, eh?
Poland is pretty nationalistic and much of the electorate is backward. It's the most Catholic country in Europe and there's a constant backlash against things like "gender" (there's no polish word for it). Still, the country was well governed under PO (EPP - centre right), but PiS (ECR - populist hard right) won the last election on a platform of Mike Pence + benefit increases. It's a really nice country and well worth a trip. They're doing well for themselves, I don't think PiS will do long term damage. But yeah, there is no leftwing party in Poland's Parliament (there's an 8% threshold). Modern (ALDE - centrist liberals) have 30 of 460 seats.
In all fairness Sanders would still be on the left over here. His trade policies for example wouldn't leave him much room in socdem parties.
What about his pro guns for hunting stance?
Eh, that's not really controversial.
I am in the same boat as you. The single closet liberal in a family of old school Montana farmers. I tried not to talk politics until they all ganged up on my husband one day and degraded him for posting on Facebook in support of Bernie Sanders. I made my point known. I've unfortunately lost a lot of respect for some of my family this election cycle. It's very hard to civilly discuss politics when everyone else in the room is just parroting what they've heard Rush and the like say. Especially when I'm so meek to begin with :(
Good on you for trying at least. You said your piece and I assume they all have a brain to process it and perhaps it will get stuck in the far recesses of some of them :)
Having one person stand by you must make it at least a *little* easier, right? I sometimes think I'd be okay if I had just one person who shared my values and was "on my team" and not rallied against me. Do you think if you had your husband and, like, two other people, you'd feel better? I just have no hope right now.
I've lost respect for my entire family of immigrants who have turned into immigrant hating racists. And before anyone says " oh they just don't like illegals" they don't, every immigrant according to them is lazy and should not be able to hold a job that would make them any type of authority figure, especially if they are black.
> every immigrant according to them is lazy and should not be able to hold a job that would make them any type of authority figure, especially if they are black. How many black immigrants do we have? I knew a few in college but they seem extremely rare to me.
Haitians, black Cubans, anyone who's not white. They hate anyone who is not white or them, especially if they are black.
Maybe it's the universes way to finding your voice. We must give reason its voice back... peace out
I'd recommend unless it's unsafe in some way, to come out of the political closet so to speak. The right wing media demonizes liberals, so it would be useful for them to see that in fact, you are not evil, and are a human being that they love. It's harder to have a knee jerk reaction, when the one that you are reacting to is a close family member or friend. I think arguing is futile in this situation, but stick strong & stoically to your beliefs & you will at least have your integrity.
> The right wing media demonizes liberals, so it would be useful for them to see that in fact, you are not evil, and are a human being that they love. Both sides do this. Peter Thiel literally had his gay card revoked for donating to Trump. Mark Zuckerberg had to jump to his defense in order to quell an uprising at Facebook over ties to Thiel (basically there would be no Facebook today if not for him). The founder of Occulus allegedly donated to a Trump Super PAC and now he's banned from conferences and companies are refusing to support the product anymore. Anyone who donates $200 or more to a campaign is public record for life and that means harassment and potential job losses regardless of who you donated to.
The sad thing is you don't see why that would be justified. The Thiel thing... you do know know pence's history with gay people right? It doesn't get much more despicable than that. The Occulus guy... you don't see how donating to a guy with people at his rallies shouting Jew S A just as a recent example of just how racist half his supporters are isn't a justified reason not to associate with him? I realize false equivalency is the easy way out but it's not going to help this country.
now you know how 48% of us Brits felt about Brexit. One day you think you are living in a liberal, tolerant, enlightened society....the next.....bammmm,
And Brexit is a prime example of the problem with voter complacency. The thought of leaving was so ludicrous to a number of people that they didn't vote at all precisely for that reason. People make excuses not to vote and assume that it won't affect them but then are astonished when they find out that it actually does. It's ridiculous.
Literally saw interviews with people who said they voted for it as a joke because they didn't think it would pass. Even then, the far right sees shit like this as an endorsement of their beliefs. The only hope for America is for Trump to get beat so badly that the far right is forced to retreat with its tail between its legs for another decade.
> Literally saw interviews with people who said they voted for it as a joke because they didn't think it would pass. But were they telling the truth? Or was to just a means of sowing doubt into the legitimacy of the results? Don't forget people were saying there should be a revote because "what is the eu" was trending on Google Trends the next day. But on close inspection it was only 900 searches. But that didn't stop people from trying to push that agenda.
Boomers... the group who was given everything now feel that everyone else needs to earn theirs. Gonna be another damn generation to fix this shit.
"Liberal" and "tolerant" being used in conjuction are what we call an oxymoron.
No I think you'll find they go together pretty damn well. Unless you are one of those "I'm persecuted because other people call me on my bigotry" people, in which case, you need to lose the victim complex.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NoZ_utS0LuA . I guess she's got a victim complex too.
You don't need to look for in the left to find huge amounts of intolerance.
At the extremes yes, whereas intolerance has pretty much become the driving impetus of the right. That and a massice chip on their collective shoulder
Oh man! No kidding! Even as an american, Brexit shocked me. It's a crazy time we live in Due, in part, to the crazy people 'in charge'. It's absolutely saddening.
That damn crazy 52% of the population! If only they thought like you!!!
sadly the people in charge weren't the major politicians but the media, e.g Rupert Murdoch hates the eu
The media drools over Clinton here and she will still lose.
Worse things is every party has gone insane. Theresa May and the Tories seem to be taking every stance possible, Labour managed to stage an embarassing failed coup against their leader, UKIP have descended into literal fighting, and the Lib Dems are saying to ignore the whole thing.
>Worse things is every party has gone insane. Everyone's gone insane. It seems like no country has a moderate in power any more, it's either someone on the far left or far right in charge.
"Ignore the whole thing" is the most sensible approach anybody has taken to that ludicrous excoriation of democracy.
Yeah, just ignore democracy when it is dumb.
I voted Remain, but really I think we have to go down the EEA or EFTA route at the moment. Simply not leaving will just result in a government elected in 2020 on a platform of actually leaving.
I've pretty much stopped following UK politics since the referendum. It's all just become so obscenely dumb, all I want to do is get out of the country as soon as I can.
Come to the US. We love European immigrants.
Same here, I actually want to move away and study somewhere else. I hate what the UK has become.
I don't feel welcome in the country any more, or feel like the government represents me in any meaningful way. Time to flee the sinking ship I guess.
You hate what the UK has become, yet your post history [reveals](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/59vluc/fbi_reopening_clinton_email_investigation/d9bom5b/) you to be a Trump supporter. Make up your mind.
Are they mutually exclusive or something?
Trump to the US is what Brexit was to the UK. If you feel badly enough about voting out to the point where you want to leave, you shouldn't be a fan of the deranged orangutan.
I don't feel bad about voting to leave.
....Then you shouldn't hate what the UK became because the resulting xenophobia and other associated problems came to surface after the Brexit vote.
> I am genuinely scared for the future of our country. I actually think these might be first symptoms of the US losing world hegemony. The degradation of the avg Joe's education lead to this. And this could very well lead into something more serious.
We might be losing intellectual hegemony in the world (if there is such a thing and we ever had it) but we are still far and away the largest military in the world and if Trump wins its apparently going to get bigger. This should scare the world as we flirt with ever more extreme politics in this country. The next 4 years seems to look pretty fucking rough no matter how you slice it.
> if there is such a thing and we ever had it The US is leading in many intellectual fields, especially technology and sciences. Just look how the American IT sector dominates the world. The US is also leading in most real and human sciences. Its pop-culture is just unchallenged. The only field where EU may have a shot are various arts. > the largest military in the world Yes. But the US/China imbalance is getting out of hand. And dumb people will steer the country into difficult times. Either the US will lose influence under Trump-esque leaders, or becomes much/much less democratic to retain its power. > The next 4 years seems to look pretty fucking rough no matter how you slice it. Yes. While the GOP should really look into themselves with Trump, I'd also tell the Democrats they have nothing to be proud of with HRC. Without Trump in a vacuum she would look really-really bad.
People complain that the environment was not mentioned in the debates and does not get enough mention in the campaigns. What about education? It's the reason we are in this mess. I seem to remember a few cycles ago everyone was the "education candidate."
The fall of Rome began from within.
Well Pax Romana and Britannia fell, nothing says that won't happen to Pax Americana if we aren't careful
Well, really, it was the division of the Legions and power of them with no central rule along with a lot of external variables, but yeah.
I thought it was because Romans were too reliant on conquering new lands and always having new slaves. Once conquests stopped and the slave supply was cut off, the social structure started falling apart.
That absolutely played a part. There were a lot of different variables.
My father says that my college education is the reason I'm liberal. The fact that this is a GOOD thing never enters his mind.
POint out to him that historically, most white college educated voters have gone republican. But make sure to mention that that is largely because republican policies are largely better for those who make more money, and you can infer this by noting that as education levels rise, when you control for income, people are more likely to vote democrat, and conversely; if you control for education, people vote republican more as income levels rise. The takeaways from these correlations and stats is 1. That nowhere near all college educated voters vote democrat, so it isn't like higher education is a liberal brainwashing scheme. 2. that a big reason people vote republican is because it benefits their pocketbook, and a big reason people vote democrat is because they're more educated and presumably have a better grip on reality. You can also approach it from a couple of different angles centering around what education actually does to a person: ask him if he thinks that being educated makes people better thinkers (logically, analytically, and scientifically). Ask him if he thinks being educated makes people better able to distinguish good sources of information from sources. Ask him if he thinks being exposed to a wide variety of view points and different people - as one often does and is in college - is likely to make people consider other viewpoints and adapt theirs according to new facts and inputs. Or conversely, if one isn't educated, then they haven't really been forced to confront these other views. Does that make them more or less prepared to grapple with large scale social issues the type of which are involved in politics?
That's because he doesn't understand that if one really thinks about republican policies and administration over the last 40 years there is an abysmal track record obvious to anyone with critical thinking skills. So the more educated and caring individuals can't support republican policy. Not to say there aren't caring republicans, and heartless self serving democrats however the more educated a republican is the less altruistic their motives are likely to be and the more motivated by personal gain they are in my experience and observation. It's similar to how those who scream loudest about their faith are often the least faithful.
Educated Republicans tend to be corporate lawyers, cardiac surgeons, and oil geologists.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/national/the-white-flight-of-derek-black/2016/10/15/ed5f906a-8f3b-11e6-a6a3-d50061aa9fae_story.html tldr - prominent racists (guy who created stormfront) son attends liberal arts college, realizes white supremacy is bullshit, is completely alienated from family due to his "brainwashing".
Thank's for the link. That was a very interesting read. I felt sorry for that kid. I hope he didn't fuck his future too bad by aligning with that crap at such a young age.
We're going to have a constitutional crisis either way. The Republicans are going to try to impeach Clinton almost immediately.
Wait you're still clinging to the idea that Clinton has a chance? It's over, she's toast. Sorry kid nothing personal.
Hopefully the media will treat that as a crisis, not a "side" of an issue
And the Democrats will likely try to impeach Trump. There are plenty of things to impeach him over.
Yeah she is about to be elected while being a suspected criminal. Her husband was impeached by the House on two charges. These are not great fucking people and our alternative is a reality TV star/real estate tycoon. Why did our process fail us so hard?
Yep, because it's more fun to try to ruin the president than, you know, doing their jons.
I totally believe they *would*, but I doubt they actually will. It's easier to continously investigate/stonewall/delegitimize HRC than it would be Tim Kaine. So basically, I just see them pulling out the 2009 playbook in 2017, and sadly I'd also predict 2010's results in 2018.
If they couldn't toss out Bill they certainly can't toss out Hillary. And they've been trying to toss out the Hilldog for much longer then they insanely went after the Billdog.
To be fair, she has done that to herself.
This is a deep and irrational hatred that has consumed Republicans since the early 90s, when she proved to be an independent women whom Bill treated as an equal.
They tried to impeach Obama multiple times. Republicans are disgrace to this country.
"Tried" and "mentioned the possibility of" are different things.
They won't have the votes in the senate, so meh.
They would have done it with any candidate. They did it with Obama and Bill Clinton. But especially with Obama.
He clearly can't be president because he ~~is black~~ won't release his long-form birth certificate and provide newspaper copies announcing his entry to this world
Yes this is basically a lost cause scenario. Trump loses, he owns the media the next 8 years rallying his supporters. He wins, he does the same only with more power.
Trump "owns the media"? What are you talking about? The media has been one of Clinton's best campaign assets.
As long as he spends time taking down the republican establishment at the same time.
I think the movement will survive, but I doubt Trump will continue to be its leader after the election. He's too flawed. He has too many skeletons in his closet, he doesn't have any self control, and he has a massive ego that seems to prevent him from listening to much needed advice. The movement coalesced behind Trump because he's the guy who is running, but once the election is over, I think the movement will spawn a new batch of rising stars that will give it the coherence and discipline that Trump has failed to. Meanwhile, the scandals that resulted from this election will start catching up with Trump, and he'll be busy repairing his damaged businesses and defending himself in court. The scary thing is not the idea that Trump continues to lead this movement of bigots and extremists, it's that a new demagogue steps in with the competence to lead it successfully.
You know the other bad part? If Trump loses, then he'll say that any government action against him is the moves of a tyrant that's just trying to silence a political dissident. The sheer irony of Trump saying that will go right over his supporter's heads. And it won't matter if it's even down to a parking ticket or a regulatory action against some random Trump business, it'll be conspiracy theorized to be Clinton getting revenge.
Well, the thing is that he knows he has political protection precisely because he is losing/lost. There is no way that Clinton's DOJ can prosecute Trump without being accused of political recriminations by a significant fraction of the country. Literally the only way they can do anything to hurt him is to scotch the investigation by leaking tape and evidence of actual wrongdoing. They'll never be able to make a case but they'll shave some of his followers off.
>There is no way that Clinton's DOJ can prosecute Trump without being accused of political recriminations by a significant fraction of the country. Wasn't much of a problem for Trump when he declared during the debate that the first thing he would do is appoint a special prosecutor specifically for taking down Clinton. Political recriminations only go one way these days it seems.
It's easier to make the argument that you're the victim of politically-motivated prosecutions when you're NOT the one in charge of the DOJ. Trump is at this point bulletproof, and I think he knows it. EDIT: Also, and more to YOUR point, Trump is a strongman-idolizing fascist. A big number of his supporters are [interested in precisely that](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2016/10/12/were-slipping-into-anarchy-maine-governor-calls-on-trump-to-show-authoritarian-power/). And even those who don't have an inherent [mistrust of elites](http://reason.com/blog/2016/03/14/donald-trump-supporters-are-less-authori) that would lead them to support criminal prosecutions of those who they consider to be among the elites - like the Clintons.
Trump (and his supporters) hold the ultimate double standard, in all categories.
And perpetually.
oh god... its going to be her governments 'try and repeal obamacare' issue that the GOP will push every week.
Optimistically, I'd say it's that times .5, but equally likely, it's that times ten.
Does the Constitution say how many times you can impeach a president for the same reason? Or could they just vote to impeach her for the email server every other week?
Double Jeopardy?
The constitution never predicted this kind of fuckery. No there is no limit. The only limit is people stopping voting against their self interest and kicking this monstrosity of a Republican party to the curb. It's like a NBA team they need to purge their roster, agree that they will lose next few election cycles and draft normal fiscal conservative and social progressive people into their party.
Would double jeopardy rules not apply?
I'm probably wrong but double jeopardy might not even apply, when an impeachment happens the congress becomes the court, and congress itself makes the laws, therefore they likely dont follow the standard rules you would in a court. In effect, congress could choose to do whatever they want. Any time they want. https://www.legalzoom.com/articles/how-does-the-impeachment-process-work Looking into this now too, it says the impeachment is initiated in the House, and passed with a *simple majority*. Meaning a republican House where 50% + 1 of the Representatives are republican have the capacity to impeach. They'll probably try to impeach Clinton on every little thing. A trial is then held in the Senate where a 2/3rd majority is needed to convict. This is where Clinton will hopefully be fine since Republicans wont have a 2/3rds majority. But its still gonna be a heck of a ride the next 4 to 8 years....
Double jeopardy would (likely) not apply because an impeachment vote is not in itself a criminal procedure. Either way, it's unlikely that any successive attempts at impeachment will gain significant traction. The first might, but eventually everyone will get sick of the process and just move on.
Maybe? Though that's for criminal and civil cases in court. I don't know if it would be applicable to impeachment.
If it doesnt, it should. If Hillary wins, she'll be spending so much time dealing with this kind of backlash that she won't be able to actually get anything done.
Or...she'll pass legislation and policy through executive orders while the Republicans are busy trying and failing to impeach her for 4 years.
According to this https://www.legalzoom.com/articles/how-does-the-impeachment-process-work the House initiates an impeachment and needs only a simple majority to impeach (so 50% +1 of the Representatives would need to be republican, which I think is the case). So they could succeed in impeaching her. The catch her is that an impeachment doesn't mean removal of office, once the House impeaches, a trial is held in the Senate where a 2/3rds majority is needed to convict on whatever charges, the punishment being the potential removal of office. So I'm just pointing out that Republicans could very well succeed in impeaching her, but it wont mean anything so long as Republicans dont also hold 2/3rds of the Senate.
Either, it's a complete and utter waste of their time, so yeah, go for it. Focus on impeaching her while she and the Democrats focus on pushing their policy instead...
I don't think it would. Impeachment is a completely political process established by the Constitution and the only penalty is removal from office. Double Jeopardy exists as a doctrine to prevent being charged with the same crime twice because the penalty is deprivation of life, liberty, or property. Perhaps the Chief Justice would determine that *res judicata* applies, but who knows. The SCOTUS often punts on "political questions". In practice, unless the makeup of the Senate changed between the two trials, the second charge may be voted down by the Senate.
Would losing your political position specified by the Constitution fall under liberty?
He never was and never will be.
He's the Neverwas and we don't care.
He's almost an also-ran, except he never got up to a gallup. Well, at least according to Gallup.
I could be wrong, but I believe in the same breath he has said he would when he wasn't under audit, but has been under audit for 18 years or something like that. I mean, if you thought he was ever going to release his taxes after that, it is kinda on you for only listening to what you wanted to hear...
He didn't say he's been under audit for 18 years, but that he was audited every time he released his returns. That would be 18 separate audits.
Because he's a criminal who owes Russians and Saudis.
Hahahha holy shit. 10/10 for mental gymnastics. Let me guess you think Hilliary is innocent and honest too?
Speaking of mental gymnastics, how on earth did you get anything about Clinton out of my statement?
Wait are we talking about Trump or Clinton here?
He. Donald owes Saudi sheiks and has made millions off the Saudi govt. he currently has 4 out of an original 8 corporations open in SA. He also likely owes millions to Russian banks because western banks won't loan him money any more, which puts him squarely under Putin's thumb and is part of the reason he won't release tax returns.
Here's how I remember, Clinton takes money from Saudis and Donald owes money to them.
but your tax returns dont show who you owe money to. At most it would be just the bank who is holding the debt...
The bank holding the debt is who he owes money to. It's likely that the banks are Russian banks because he's too big of a bankruptcy risk for western banks.
Clinton or Trump you're talking about here ?
Trump. https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/the-fix/wp/2016/07/27/the-trump-russia-money-question-in-24-steps/?client=safari https://www.google.com/amp/amp.timeinc.net/time/4433880/donald-trump-ties-to-russia/?client=safari http://fortune.com/2016/01/29/donald-trump-saudi-prince/ https://www.google.com/amp/www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/donald-trump-saudi-arabia-911-business-deals-a7038991.html%3Famp?client=safari
Saudis? Pretty sure you're getting some Clinton mixed in with your Trump there.
No sir. Donald has 4 open corporations in SA out of an original 8 that he refuses to put in a blind trust and a single sheikh has bailed him out on two different occasions.
Or we'd see all the child support he's paying on kids we don't know about.
Or it's hush money to the Miss Teen contestants he's molested.
Or NAMBLA donations.
Ah yes, the old Miss Teen Molestation tax deduction. Right there on Line 222e.
no it's 223.8 F now, they bundled it under the general molestation deductible of 223, better for filing.
Oh you mean the Bill Cosby Deduction?
No that's rape, it's not deductible. General molestation has been allowed under the Foley-Hassert amendment.
But what if it wasn't legitimate rape, just for the funsies?
I'm still shocked they include that in every return...how common of a deduction can that be?
We should get this fixed #notalltaxreturns
Yeah, nobody should vote for a candidate who is indebted to the Saudis! wait.....
Nah, Let's pick the guy who's in Russia's pocket instead!
Let's believe Hillary's campaign's lies about Russian involvement to distract from the dumpster fire of lies and corruption that she embodies! I cannot, CANNOT believe that there are actually real people who have fallen for this new-age McCarthyism. Just wow.
I can not believe there are self-declared 'American patriots' that would take the baseless blaring of a bloated orange blowhard at face value over the overwhelming consensus of national security experts from: Air Force Intelligence Army Intelligence Central Intelligence Agency Coast Guard Intelligence Defense Intelligence Agency Energy Department Homeland Security Department State Department Treasury Department Drug Enforcement Administration Federal Bureau of Investigation Marine Corps Intelligence National Geospatial Intelligence Agency National Reconnaissance Office National Security Agency Navy Intelligence Office of the Director of National Intelligence. Or maybe you know something the rest of us don't. Maybe, you're one of those 400lb hackers Trump alluded to being possibly the ones carrying out the 'attacks of the cyber'. I hear many many smart people are saying it.
That's hilarious. You do realize Trump's long time mentor was Roy Cohen, McCarthy's right hand man for years?
Do you have a brain in your head?
I do. Please use yours.
Clinton isn't indebted to anyone. Donations to charities aren't debts.
Oh, that clears it up then... And of course you're fine with _donations_ from a country that murders gays as part of policy? How progressive of you.
So what? They have that money anyway, are you seriously arguing it's morally wrong to take the money and save lives? Is it somehow not morally wrong to enrich yourself off it, like Donald did?
Listen, you must be pretty young... so I'll explain this to you in case it's ever relevant. If someone **EVER** offers you 10's of millions of dollars... there are strings attached.
It's a move to open diplomatic pathways. That doesn't mean they get to force America to do anything. Countries give tokens worth millions to America all the time and vice versa. It's been going on since we got the Statue of Liberty. As long as the president or no other individual personally gains, it's acceptable. Loans from the country version of a loan shark are a different story.
If you can't _already_ see how accepting money from countries like Saudi Arabia is a **bad** thing, then I'm not going to come close to changing your mind, which is ok, differing opinions exist for a reason. I think you would have an easier time seeing the harm in this if you weren't so invested in Clinton... but I could be wrong.
You're not going to change his mind because you have no cogent argument. Accepting money from SA to SAVE lives in some other part of the world doesn't make the Clintons indebted to SA at all.
I was a sanders supporter. I think that money is spent to pay tribute. It's not a promise of anything. I'd also rather see the money helping suffering people and keeping relations friendly than funding more war or terrorism.
So you would rather these shithead countries keep all their money for themselves rather donating it to the Clinton Foundation where it gets used for good?
Yes, I would. It's not like the Saudis are giving money out of the goodness of their hearts... they're doing it for political influence. You have to look at the bigger picture. It's not simply "they're giving it away... we might as well take it!!!"
Except that it is. Sorry that FACT is inconvenient for you. Or do you think we owe France for the Statue of Liberty as well? And if not, what did France get in return for that gift to call it even?
Delusional. The fact that you compare something given to the US by France in the 1800's to money given to the Clinton Foundation by the Saudis... you seriously must be getting paid to be this off base. I hope it's worth it... or at best, I hope you don't ACTUALLY believe what you're saying on here.
Yeah, that's how the world works. It's the same reason politicians don't do what their corporate donors want, ever! Donations aren't debts! Can I have some of your naive-koolaid please?
You have to prove it, dude. The fact that some sheikh donated money doesn't mean Clinton has to do anything. What's the worst that happens? The same sheikh won't donate a second time?
I don't have to prove it. The best indicator of future behavior is past behavior. Your hypothetical argument doesn't work in a world that actually employs what I am stating to be true. I'm sorry it's upsetting to you, but it's the reality of what is actually happening.
Username checks out.
> I don't have to prove it. That's why you believe in conspiracies. The rest of us require evidence.
You know a Saudi prince has bailed Donald out twice, right?
Yeah I agree Clinton doesn't owe anybody anything. All those donations from foreign Govts or Soros were just supporting the foundation's cause to fight the worlds issues like HIV/AIDS or Haiti
It doesn't matter what they think. She owes them nothing. The worst thing that happens is they refuse to donate in the future. That doesn't hurt Clinton at all. Loans are a different story. You actually are literally indebted to people. Donald is literally indebted. Hillary isn't.
Can I get some sources that Trump is indebted to Russia?
We can't know 100% because he won't release his tax returns. https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/the-fix/wp/2016/07/27/the-trump-russia-money-question-in-24-steps/?client=safari https://www.google.com/amp/amp.timeinc.net/time/4433880/donald-trump-ties-to-russia/?client=safari
And I would accept money from a serial killer if I could use it to save the lives of people with HIV.
Exactly.
Of course he won't. He never had any intention of releasing them.
What happened to the old Republican line " it shouldn't be a problem if you have nothing to hide"
People complain about how they can't trust Hillary yet they'll follow Trump to Hell and back even when he's proven he's not to be trusted
People complain about how they can't trust Trump yet they'll follow Hillary to Hell and back even when she's proven she's not to be trusted.
Okay, dont vote Trump or Hillary Im one step ahead of you
I'm not American.
I didnt say you were
Yes
I voted for her already. And I didn't hold my nose when I did it. I would not follow her to hell and back. If she's caught out doing impeachable things (real ones thanks), then fuck her, put Kaine in and continue working towards a more progressive society (no, not college liberal progressive, realistic progressive). Most liberals I know are like this. It's one of the reasons we're hard to get out an vote sometimes. We don't "get in line" like many on the right do. It's like herding cats. The right is well known for their ability to follow whoever gets picked lockstep. Not all of them of course, shades of grey and all; but the right has the highest portion of single issue voters (typically abortion or immigration) and they'll vote for whoever gets them that. That's why the right can put up just about anyone and get 40% of the vote. It's why Trump has the following he does. He triggers the immigration trap card.
I love how every argument for Trump is just "Hillary does the same or worse!"
Reading comprehension is hard
Something that Donald's dick never is, and yet you keep trying to sit on it.
k son
Wow you ran out of arguments pretty quick, son. I mean, I'm fucking convinced, I'm voting for Hillary thanks to your insightful remark.
Why did Trump supporters start calling everyone "son" like it's some burn that wasn't most effective in 4th grade.
>like it's some burn *that wasn't most effective* in 4th grade I think you need to pay more attention in your 4th grade grammar lessons kiddo. edit: lmao triggered
This is like correcting someone's use of "its/it's" and smirking to yourself because you "totally showed them". Go back to your dumbass subreddit and try not to explode when Ronald McDonald loses on the 28th, which is voting day, your god said so.
I love how every argument for Hillary is just "Trump does the same or worse!"
Just repeating what somebody else says does not make an argument. Hillary Clinton isn't the one that wants cops to randomly frisk people and take any guns they find. Hillary Clinton isn't the one that wants to kick all Muslims out of the country. Hillary Clinton isn't the one that said we should use nukes whenever we feel like it.
Further proof that Trump supporters are parrots for their puppet.
Except that’s not true. I don’t like her, but at least she’s a middleground, experienced politician with a fairly sane head on her shoulders.
And the refuse to explain what they mean.
A lot of people who are voting for her don't trust her, and will try to hold her accountable. Trump supporters have no idea what Trump even intends on doing and just blindly trusts he will do what's best. It's a cult. Hillary supporters are the sane people, we don't call her lady emperor, for starters.
Lol "hold accountable." OK. Id like to see the ever happen. Same was said about Obama when he fell back on a lot of his promises. Still havent seen the accountability.
Most people who support her don't actually trust her. They are just making the best of a terrible situation. It does not really say that a candidate is good just because their supporters blindly follow them without ever being critical of them.
I don't understand how having an experienced politician of 30 years, with every accusation against her proven to be not her fault, is a terrible situation.
Stop shillllinggggg gawd u shillster
Because most politicians are either bad at their jobs or incredibly corrupt. Hillary isn't bad at her job, so take that for what you will. And there's a massive difference between "unproven to be her fault" and "proven to not be her fault".
That's an ignorant generalization.
Is the statement "most politicians are not corrupt or bad at their job" false then? Can you honestly say that with a straight face?
Yes. You only hear about the bad ones. It's far more likely the average politician is decent at the job and doesn't participate in corruption.
Also, "this politician is corrupt" usually just means "I don't like this person so I'm going to grasp at straws for 'objective' reasons to hate them." People will tell you with a straight face that Hillary Clinton took money from Saudi Arabia in exchange for weapons sales. The fact that none of that makes sense doesn't matter. [Funneling money to your family in exchange for helping a business and hiding the cash in your freezer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_J._Jefferson_corruption_case) is corruption. [Soliciting campaign contributions from people you're investigating](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pam_Bondi#Controversies) is corruption.
No it's just that Hillary is far worse (imo).
Why is she worse for telling the truth?
What truth? They're both compulsive liars. The difference is that Hillary somehow managed to lie under oath and get away with it.
Sorry, Hillary Clinton is not a compulsive liar.
https://youtu.be/-dY77j6uBHI
https://youtu.be/oQ7_bo74VMA
Right. Remember when I said > What truth? They're both compulsive liars. Idiot.
Calling me an idiot doesn't change the fact that she's not a compulsive liar.
[deleted]
It's pretty simple. Clinton is the most corrupt candidate to ever be nominated by a party. She's bought and paid for. I'd rather have someone like Trump in the oval office than her. She's been investigated by the FBI twice for christ's sake. And if it were anyone else she would have been found guilty the first time. It's not just me who believes that either. The majority of Americans believe the same. If you stepped out from the echo chamber that is /r/politics you might be able to see both sides.
Because one is lying about personal finances, which doesn't really compare to lying about national security \_()_/
I guess at least he's trying his best to show how dishonest he is? Perhaps some twisted positive haha.
As the great Captain Jack Sparrow once said, >"I'm dishonest, and a dishonest man you can always trust to be dishonest. Honestly. It's the honest ones you want to watch out for, because you can never predict when they're going to do something incredibly... stupid."
Supporters of both candidates will follow their leader to hell and back. Lies and deceit and all. Doesn't matter. Supporters of both sides will rationalize certain things about each candidate to convince themselves that it's OK to vote for them. But at the end of the day, both candidates are evil corrupt lying peices of shit.
Guys, he's totally gonna release them after the IRS audit has been completed… unless a better excuse comes up between now and then. But seriously, anyone who ever believed that Trump would release his tax returns was being foolish. The IRS stated publicly that an audit didn't prevent Trump from releasing them. If that wasn't enough to convince him to release them, what is? There's a simple solution, however. We, the people, can demand that Congress pass a law requiring the release of the last 15 years of tax returns by all candidates for federal office. We can make this an issue for them in every election for the next four years. We can withhold votes from any member of Congress who refuses to fall into line. That's the way to handle this in a democracy where our votes (or lack of them) *ultimately* determine who goes to Washington.
He's pulling a Hillary "I will look into it" Clinton, but ironically.
> Guys, he's totally gonna release them after the IRS audit has been completed… unless a better excuse comes up between now and then. Please stop being sarcastic about something really serious. It's not funny to joke about this disaster. All it does is de-legitimize the actually really solid point you made later: > We, the people, can demand that Congress pass a law requiring the release of the last 15 years of tax returns by all candidates for federal office.
> Please stop being sarcastic about something really serious. It's not funny to joke about this disaster. All it does is de-legitimize the actually really solid point you made later: >> We, the people, can demand that Congress pass a law requiring the release of the last 15 years of tax returns by all candidates for federal office. I don't actually see a problem with a little sarcasm or humor. Taking your point to it's only logical conclusion, you wouldn't even allow political satire because jokes about serious issues are not allowed. I happen to think mockery and satire are very important for a healthy democracy, and I don't want to live in a world without them. So, we'll agree to disagree here, but thanks for kind words about the point I made. :)
I guess in most circumstances I'd totally agree but this feels like the rise of Hitler. Anyway, cheers.
He will probably be under audit for next year's tax return by the time this audit is over.
Also, all candidates for federal office should be able to at a minimum, pass an IQ test, or AP Civics, or the test to become a citizen. Dems have Superdelegates to prevent morons like Trump entering the race on our side.
>We, the people, can demand that Congress pass a law requiring the release of the last 15 years of tax returns by all candidates for federal office. 15 years is too long. Only weirdos and career politicians (not that it's necessarily bad) would run for office. But the release of a couple of years of tax returns, up to five or so, should be mandatory. But the candidates should disclose as much as possible anyway, voluntarily.
I was originally going to say ten years, which is pretty standard, but I thought I'd be told that it's not enough. I guess I was also thinking about the office of president. I'd settle on ten years, though. There shouldn't be anything weird in a presidential candidate's tax returns ten years before they run for office. That's the period of time they're probably thinking about running, holding other elected offices, etc. Regarding congressional offices, I think five years worth of tax returns is reasonable.
This is why he's going to be a dictator, he doesn't care what should he or has to be done. It is whatever he wants to do.
Not just the candidates, but the PACs and super PACs. Politicians get their money from a million different avenues and they're all shady as fuck.
Well we don't need to worry about Trump then, barely has enough money to scrape together TV ads.
Why run ads if your face is plastered on every network news broadcast 24/7?
> Guys, he's totally gonna release them after the IRS audit has been completed… unless a better excuse comes up between now and then. How will we know when the audit is over? Or if there even is one right now? The IRS doesn't comment, so you literally have to take Trump's word on it, and he has every reason to lie.
>The IRS doesn't comment I've got it! We just make Comey the head of the IRS, then he can throw out all precedent, procedure, and impartiality and make highly politicized statements about active investigations (or investigations that don't warrant charges) because "the American people need to know."
> The IRS doesn't comment Yeah, what are they, the FBI?
Well, this election has now allowed executive agencies to announce updates of open investigations, so I expect we'll get to hear about it before the election. Fair is fair
> How will we know when the audit is over? Or if there even is one right now? The IRS doesn't comment, so you literally have to take Trump's word on it, and he has every reason to lie. I hadn't even thought about this because it never mattered much. I never believed that Trump would release his tax returns. Ever. Not even after he's in office if he wins. He will set a precedent and then argue four years from now that we clearly didn't *need* to see his taxes four years ago, and that "some people are saying" a presidential candidate shouldn't have to release their taxes, so let's get rid of that *unwritten* rule. We will never see his tax returns.
russian hacker here, the returns are all fine nothing to be worried about, move along.
Didn't the IRS come out a couple ~~weeks~~ months ago and say that nothing they were doing would conflict with his ability to release his tax returns? http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/onpolitics/2016/02/26/donald-trump-internal-revenue-service-audits/80996086/ >In a statement Friday, the IRS said that federal privacy rules prohibit the agency from discussing individual tax matters, but “nothing prevents individuals from sharing their own tax information.”
Right. They can comment on law related to taxes, but won't tell us if Trump is actually under audit.
Yeah THAT'S what's on everyone's minds.
Yeah not the fact that we have a candidate under criminal investigation during the election. Nope not that.
Because we totally can't focus in 2 things, right?
This subreddit is obviously meant for shilling now. I'm only here because I checked /all and had the exact same sarcastic reaction as /u/chiefsport. How is it that this subreddit ignores Hillary while putting Trump on blast? It's so bad, I actually expect to receive a message in my inbox in a few hours stating I'm banned from this subreddit for leaving this comment.
> How is it that this subreddit ignores Hillary while putting Trump on blast? Because we're not literally mentally deficient and can do the fucking math. Good (Nobody) > Bad (Literally all other candidates running for the Presidency or who have run during this election cycle, *including* Bernie Sanders) > Awful (Clinton and the other "serious" democratic candidates, and nearly all the the Republican candidates) > Literally better off abolishing the Presidency and transferring all functions thereof to secretaries selected by Congress (Trump and roughly a thousand of other unqualified nutjobs running for funsies (Because Trump is one of these people))
No need to be scared, your comment will stay up and you won't be banned, probably just downvoted for being dramatic and exaggerating your fear
Except that people don't get banned for opinions here. Just downvoted. This isn't a safe space sub like the_dismal, it is just of a specific mind.
...you mean how he's going to a hearing for raping a 13 year old? That's what you mean, right?
Two, actually. Multiple extensive criminal investigations, court proceedings, etc. for both of them, and extensive involvement in the criminal investigation and proceedings surrounding their associates. Both major party candidates are under investigations that would put them up for impeachment a few days after being inaugurated. Good job America, ffs.
First thing that came to mind when i read this title. Looks like they're out of ammo. They're doubling down on taxes and racism accusations for the millionth time.
Perhaps because a great many Americans find his racism and tax evasion despicable. If he wasn't like that, it wouldn't be ammunition.
But do you think these talking points are influencing people's opinions more than several ACTIVE FBI investigations that Hillary and Bill are facing?
One FBI investigation that Hillary is facing over her email server. It's under review because of further emails discovered due to a tangential case. There is no further allegation of wrongdoing. And honestly, Petraeus and Rove faced their own investigations for allegedly mishandling classified material. Both are still free. This is a case that should rightly be handled administratively as it has in other cases. Politicizing failures in this manner, and threatening criminal proceedings, takes our system down a bitter path, regardless of the person's political affiliation. So no, I don't find it particularly egregious. Worrisome, but I think it's not liable to be a problem in future. Meanwhile, you have a candidate who has spent the last 40 years mishandling his fortune and business empire, refusing to pay his fair share, screwing over business partners and contractors, and using his position of influence to discriminate against people of color and sexually assault women - all while running on his alleged business acumen and openly touting his decency towards women and minorities as evidence of presidential worthiness. His weakest points - of which we have years of evidence, plus all of his intemperate moments over the last 4 months alone - are traits he tries to pass off as boons. He's set the metric. It would be irresponsible for the press to let him set up this front and not show the hypocrisy and failings. Hillary never set up her use of a private server as her ticket into the Oval Office. Instead, she's talked about her years of experience as Secretary of State, Senator, First Lady, and as a lawyer. She's being held to her metric, and he's being held to his. If anything, Donald's such an irrepressible blowhard that he's been getting a pass on the plain shoddiness of his policy specifics - as though he has any. He puts himself in the news, so or course his points get the most coverage.
"Early this year, four FBI field offices—New York, Los Angeles, Washington and Little Rock, Ark.—were collecting information about the Clinton Foundation to see if there was evidence of financial crimes or influence-peddling, according to people familiar with the matter." https://www.google.com/amp/www.wsj.com/amp/articles/laptop-may-include-thousands-of-emails-linked-to-hillary-clintons-private-server-1477854957?client=safari
An investigation is a sign of a healthy judicial system, given the number of (unfair) accusations thrown at the foundation. And an investigation is not even an allegation of criminal wrongdoing, much less an indictment. But if you wish, I could bring up Trump's upcoming cases in November and December involving fraud and sexual assault respectively and the two separate states investigating several major violations involving his charity/piggy bank. I don't think those have received as much coverage as they should have either.
> But if you wish, I could bring up Trump's upcoming cases in November and December involving fraud and sexual assault respectively and the two separate states investigating several major violations involving his charity/piggy bank. I don't think those have received as much coverage as they should have either. Right, but Trump is innocent until proven guilty, while the Clintons...
They're good points that haven't gone away. Just like the Clinton investigations.
The fact that the FBI didn't file any charges (for good reason or bad) makes it possible to continue the investigation and eventually uncover what many of suspect about Clinton Foundation. File charges when it's a slam dunk that the foundation is a money laundering fraud.
If they do, and it's something people are jailed over, then I'm ok with the outcome.
Of course not. Don't forget this, Republicans and Democrats. HE IS HIDING SOMETHING FROM AMERICANS. That's a disqualifier. Please America, you HAVE to see that this is bad. You can't vote for this guy.
You *think* he's hiding something. Hillary has been repeatedly found to *actually have* hidden things from you.
Yes, we KNOW he's hiding something because he won't release them. We KNOW Hillary has hidden personal emails from us just like I am hiding my personal emails from you.
There is no qualified candidate currently running. We must choose the least unqualified one.
If my standards are to not vote for the person hiding shady things from Americans then I certainly have nobody to vote for. As of now I'll gladly vote for the guy hiding his tax returns over the women hiding tens of thousands of emails. Disclaimer: I don't support either of them, but your argument and reasoning is absolutely ludicrous. Edit: I can see by the downvotes I came to the wrong place in support of fair and intelligent or logical discussion. I apologize for assuming we wouldn't be hypocritical or one sided in our arguments. I'm sorry for all those I've offended. I just figured /r/politics was a good place for intelligent discussion or debate. Won't happen again. Edit2x: if you can't see the hypocrisy in claiming one candidate has your vote over the other because of lying and untrustworthiness, then surely we are doomed as a society. Instead of discussing all the other reasons, we will continue to pick and choose what we like and dislike about candidates. Thanks for ruining my faith in the voting populace of my country, /r/politics. But do Reddit a favor and never claim to be a bastion of intelligent debate and discussion ever again.
and your stance on sexual assault?
It's despicable, but the comment I was replying to didn't mention that, now did it? I'm no fan of Clinton or Trump, but I am a fan of unbiased discussion. Sadly, there's none of that to be found on this sub. If we're going to bash on candidates for being shady, we should be bashing on them both.
What is his platform? What makes him qualified to be President? He's a successful businessman. Prove it. You can't. A lot of the Trump buildings that have his name on them are not in fact, owned by him but rather he licenses out his name. We know about multiple bankruptcies, failed companies and casinos and a personal loss of close to a billion dollars one year, but that is all we know. He claims to be self funding his campaign, but we also now know that not to be true. Nothing he has done or shown us so far shows without a reasonable doubt that he is in fact, as successful as he claims.
Woah there friendo, how about you settle down and have a discussion about what is actually relevant to the conversation. I'm not even a Trump supporter, as I said in my comment. I won't be voting for either. All I said is if we're going to disqualify Trump because he lies, then isn't it fair we look at the lying from both sides? There's several reasons to vote Clinton over Trump, but trustworthiness is absolutely not one of them.. And as far as his success as a businessman goes, as an undecided voter, that's one of the things I probably care least about. I'm only a fan of equal and fair discussion, which this sub clearly does not agree with. I'm sorry to the people I've clearly offended, by evidence of the downvotes. I was mistaken in assuming /r/politics was a place or intelligent discussion of politics, not circle jerking over one candidate and being hypocrites. Vote for Hillary, vote for Trump, I don't really give a shit. But for the sake of of critical thinking and intelligent discussion, let's discuss their actual merits and be fair about them. Both are liars and cannot be trusted, so comments about one being a lying piece of shit are a bit ironic, don't you think? We should be discussing the multitude of other characteristics they have, perhaps some they don't both share in common.
Shit, replied to the wrong comment. Forgive me?
so vote for the one under federal investigation...again. she's much better
>under federal investigation... still Just thought I'd clarify that bit. Can I just point out that Trump has two pending court cases, one for large scale fraud (Trump U) and another for the rape of a child? And that his "charitable organization" is currently under investigation from the State Attorney of New York, also for fraud? If we're going to take the "guilty until proven innocent" route with Clinton we have to do it with Trump, too, and the idea of voting for someone with a shady email history is a heck of a lot more appealing than voting for a potential large-scale fraudster and child rapist...
And mass-woman molestor, don't forget this one. I can't believe we have to choose between possible treason and possible rape.
You realize that literally anyone can file a lawsuit right?
And you realise that for a case to be given the go ahead to proceed to the courtroom there has to be sufficient evidence and witnesses to justify it, right?
Eh. I really don't care about tax returns and I'm not sure why releasing them has become a "thing". I mean, I certainly wouldn't release my tax returns to anyone for any reason (though I also wouldn't run for president).
It's become a thing so that the american people know their president doesn't have past financial ties to other countries or businesses that would interfere with his/her job serving the public, and skew his policies, perceptions, choices based on favors he may owe to those entities. Think of it this way: say trump released his tax returns. It shows ties to russia. If we are having conflicts with russia, we don't want our president to be biased in russia's favor and making decisions off his ties to russia. Or, say we are in a real oil crisis. If he has ties to the oil industry, it's likely he will disregard what america wants and what is responsible, in favor of what his buddies want him to do. The american people deserve to know about these ties before giving someone the most responsibility a person can have in this country. Candidates release them as a show of good faith and openness "you can trust me. I do not have financial ties to other countries/big business" the fact that Trump refuses to release his does in fact tell us that the people who are voting for him, don't know who might be influencing him financially or who he might owe.
He's already said he doesn't pay taxes within the confines of the law. Something I'm glad he did. Hopefully it institutes change. The only reason left to not release them is that he isn't as successful as he lets on.
Lol the irony is almost too much..Hillary deleted 33k emails while she was a government official
Weren't only 30 of those classified, and only three of them were *marked* classified? So isn't it more like she deleted 30 emails?
Hahahahahaha
This is hypocritical- they're both hiding shit, don't pretend hilary isn't either.
If hiding something from Americans is a disqualifier, then Hillary has been disqualified 33,000 times. Let's not contradict ourselves.
What about everything Hillary is hiding from Americans?
He is hiding something and so that disqualifies him?!?! And what? When Hillary deleted 33,000 emails AFTER receiving as subpoena and had the hard drives scrubbed with bleach bit... Somehow THAT isn't hiding something? Somehow THAT isn't disqualifying? Time to wake up and smell the corruption.
He's also been caught lying recently about the nature of his relationship with Putin. Wonder if these two topics will be discussed together when the history books are written...
Hillary has never hid/deleted anything (she has).
> HE IS HIDING SOMETHING FROM AMERICANS. > That's a disqualifier. Huh. Is lying to the FBI also a disqualifier?
Violating the Hatch Act should mean you get your head on a spike
Yeah, death penalty for anyone who apprises the congressional oversight committee on new evidence when you said under oath you would do exactly that. Amazing.
It's a Hatch Act violation, full stop. Violating the sanctity of law enforcement neutrality and non-partisanship on a federal level is evil.
Hahahahahahah amazing. Truly, truly amazing. Where were you six months ago when he gave five people in the investigation transactional immunity only for them to plead the fifth? Where were you when they agreed to destroy her staff's laptops? Where were you when her husband met with that insanely corrupt hack on a plane?
Oh sure, then how do you explain the results, huh? A massive, damning statement from Comey during the end of the investigation that basically said "couldn't get her doing anything criminal" and then this whole "finally, I've got something, better hold it for a few days so I can fuck up the whole election" business? If Clinton was running Comey's house, she's running it worse than anyone's ever run anything, even her email server
She never lied. She just "didn't recall." Big difference, buddy.
Holy fuck. You're serious. She claimed that she didn't know what a parenthetical C stood for on her emails. She said she thought it might be to ALPHABETIZE paragraphs!!! So, you're telling me a former secretary of state who personally signed and sent THOUSANDS of cables with this same designation "didn't recall" what a simple marking meant?
Well, a parenthetical C is not how classified emails are supposed to be marked so there's that...
The parenthetical (c) in the text is NOT THE OFFICIAL MARKING, idiot. The way to show a doc is classified is to have a C in the heading. There was no C in the heading. Source: Comey: MATT CARTWRIGHT: According to the manual, if you’re going to classify something, there has to be a header on the document? Right? JAMES COMEY: Correct. MATT CARTWRIGHT: Was there a header on the three documents that we’ve discussed today that had the little c in the text someplace? JAMES COMEY: No. There were three e-mails, the c was in the body, in the text, but there was no header on the email or in the text. MATT CARTWRIGHT: So if Secretary Clinton really were an expert about what’s classified and what’s not classified and we’re following the manual, the absence of a header would tell her immediately that those three documents were not classified. Am I correct in that? JAMES COMEY: That would be a reasonable inference. http://www.politicususa.com/2016/07/07/hearing-backfires-gop-fbi-director-clinton-email-judged-classified.html
> The parenthetical (c) in the text is NOT THE OFFICIAL MARKING, idiot. LOL why are you so angry? Also, how is it not the "official marking"?
The absolute bottom level positions with any kind of DoD clearance know the basics of classification level and markings and your ass is grass if you slip up and there's leakage. To suggest someone at the highest level of trust is ignorant of this is insulting.
lol I don't think he was serious though
Yeah, might have been trolling but judging by the insanity in this thread I have my doubts.
Are you in this thread too? Can I ask if you're doing the same thing you did in another thread? You used an article and source as evidence to a claim, and then when someone points out that the article and source you provided are actually against your claim, you say the source can't be trusted. Because that's some insanity
Fucking toasted like a marshmallow
It's smore season.
Yep >(a) Whoever willfully and unlawfully conceals, removes, mutilates, obliterates, or destroys, or attempts to do so, or, with intent to do so takes and carries away any record, proceeding, map, book, paper, document, or other thing, filed or deposited with any clerk or officer of any court of the United States, or in any public office, or with any judicial or public officer of the United States, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than three years, or both. >(b) Whoever, having the custody of any such record, proceeding, map, book, document, paper, or other thing, willfully and unlawfully conceals, removes, mutilates, obliterates, falsifies, or destroys the same, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than three years, or both; and **shall forfeit his office and be disqualified from holding any office under the United States** As used in this subsection, the term “office” does not include the office held by any person as a retired officer of the Armed Forces of the United States. https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/2071 bold added by me
1) She didn't lie to the FBI. 2) Even if she had, the only requirements to be president are set by the Constitution. No other law can add a requirement.
> Even if she had, the only requirements to be president are set by the Constitution. No other law can add a requirement. But it can take it away, just as the only requirement to own a gun is to be a US citizen but a felony can take that away.
No, it can't. The Constitution states the only qualifications needed to be president, and pursuant to the Supremacy Clause, nothing supersedes the Constitution.
Tell that to all the Felons who cannot own guns anymore
That has nothing to do with this. There's never been a Supreme Court case saying felons can own guns. There has been a Supreme Court case the ruled there are no qualifications for president other than those specifically stated in the Constitution.
But I was told Hillary was the one not being transparent.
What if I said you're both right?
It's ok to say it's both
None of them are
She voluntarily released multiple years of tax returns with no hesitation (a low bar that not even Sanders cleared), and when her email came under investigation she requested that the documents be made public. And, although involuntarily, her campaign chair's personal emails are also publicly available. There hasn't been a presidential candidate in recent history--perhaps in American history--whom we know more about that Clinton.
tax returns sure, speech transcripts and deleted emails not so much.
I'm not sure what your point is. Has Trump released all his paid speech transcripts (the number and circumstances of which we don't even know) and years of personal emails?
the point is Hillary can release her tax returns because she has nothing to hide there. But meanwhile she can give secret speeches for millions of dollars, which totally aren't bribes or anything. She hides her shit just like Trump, its just different shit. And she deleted the emails after being under investigation. Trump wasn't under investigation for having an illegal email server.
I still don't understand why people like yourself feel you have a right to something you didn't pay for or were not invited to hear. You simply have no right to those speeches AT ALL. Just as we don't have a right to the dumpsters speeches either. Hell, we don't really have a right to see his taxes but that is now expected of a candidate due to historically bipartisan disclosure.
What do you think happened, Hillary went to a Goldman Sachs event, stood in front of a room with probably hundreds of people, and promised them political favors when she runs for president in a few years? And then didn't make sure that every copy of the transcript was destroyed? And then reported them on her tax returns that she would then reveal to the public rather than asking her banker friends to find a way to hide it? Just asking for suitcases full of cash and stuffing them in her freezer would have been smarter. Also, the FBI already determined that she was not responsible for deleting any emails in response to the probe.
the FBI called her extremely stupid, but because she was so dumb and had no ill intent, she couldn't be charged.
Yes... and look how intelligent they turned out to be...
The scale of the offense is relevant.
I know. One is hiding irrelevant personal financial information, and the other is hiding that she put national secrets in jeopardy. No contest.
Just because you say something doesn't make it true. One candidate is not releasing their tax returns. The other was investigated by the FBI with no charges resulting.
Did the investigation end in the last 4 minutes and I missed it?
Did I miss a finding from the FBI that your claim is true? No? Got it then.
Putting classified information on an unsecured server is putting national secrets in jeopardy. Nobody is arguing that she didn't have classified information on an unsecured server. They are just saying it wasn't criminal.
I really appreciate the shifting goalposts. There was no recommendation from the FBI to pursue charges. Yet, folks like you who support Trump yell at rallies "Lock Her Up". C'mon man. Its obvious. And then when Trump doesn't turn over his tax returns, even after his reason for doing show was shown to be incorrect, or a lie, by both the IRS and by other rich billionaries, you yell Benghazi. I may be a Republican, but like hell I am voting for Trump.
I didn't say lock her up. I said that she put national secrets in danger. You may indeed be a Republican, but you obviously have no respect for the others in your party.
What actual harm was done by what she did?
We have no way of knowing the true damage caused.
You were also told [she adopted an alien baby](http://www.motherjones.com/files/adopts-baby630.gif). About equally credible.
> Official Photo! So the official photo has her mouth open about to say something? It's like WWN gave so few fucks that they didn't even try.
The 90s will be remembered as fondly as the 80s where it comes to hairstyles. Holy christ...
I actually like that hair. Especially compared to 80s styles.
If you truly believe that HRC is transparent, you seriously need to rethink everything.
Suggesting she's not also pulling some shady shit. Lol. Both are awful
They're not mutually exclusive.
Not defending Trump but it aint like Hillary doesnt hide shit either. Man what a shitty election.
It's amazing to me that the basis for a lot of his votes is his business acumen, and no one seems to care that they have no idea what his finances really look like.
FEC filings are there for anyone to look at...
Why won't he release his tax returns like everyone else in modern history?
http://www.forbes.com/sites/jenniferwang/2016/09/28/the-definitive-look-at-donald-trumps-wealth-new/#f05b6297e2d5 mhm.
Hey I appreciate the article. I recognize Forbes is quite right-leaning but this was an important breakdown of assets and potential wealth. The way I worded my comment was a watered down version of asking about tax expenditure and such, not his net worth. I have little doubt the man is technically worth billions due to his assets.
And his criticism about a lack of transparency from Clinton. It's almost like he projects his faults on others...
Ha, yeah pretty much always.
most of people voting for him are blue collar workers who couldnt find their way out of a paperbag. they typically spew out the same bullshit trump feeds them on the daily.
To be fair, they're intensely important. but dat patriotism goes really far with the poorly educated.
The man bankrupted casinos in a economic boom. HOW IS THAT EVEN POSSIBLE.
It is possible if there is a more attractive competitor to his casino.
Yes, his own. He bought all the casinos in Atlantic City and cannablized himself. >According to court papers, Harrah’s spent $9.3 million promoting the Trump name, giving the New York developer a reputation in the casino business he’d never had before. And Harrah’s quickly learned the price—now, with Trump able to argue he knew casinos, financing opportunities that did not exist before opened up, and he was able to use Harrah’s promotion of him as a lever against the entertainment company. Soon after that first casino opened, Trump took advantage of his new credibility with financial backers interested in the gaming business to purchase the nearly completed Hilton Atlantic City Hotel for just $320 million; he renamed it Trump Castle. The business plan was ludicrous: Trump had not only doubled down his bet on Atlantic City casinos but was now operating two businesses in direct competition with each other. When Trump Castle opened in 1985, Harrah’s decided to ditch Trump and sold its interest in their joint venture to him for $220 million. >Still, he wanted more in Atlantic City—specifically, the Taj Mahal, the largest casino complex ever, which Resorts International was building. This made the Casino Control Commission nervous because it could have meant that the financial security of Atlantic City would be riding on the back of one man. But Trump brushed those concerns aside at a February 1988 licensing hearing—after all, his argument went, he was Donald Trump. He would contain costs, he said, because banks would be practically throwing money at him, and at prime rates. He would be on a solid financial foundation because the banks loved him so much, unlike lots of other companies and casinos that used below-investment-grade, high-interest junk bonds for their financing. “I’m talking about banking institutions, not these junk bonds, which are ridiculous,” he testified. >But Trump’s braggadocio proved empty. No financial institution gave him anything. Instead, he financed the deal with $675 million in junk bonds, agreeing to pay an astonishing 14 percent interest, about 50 percent more than he had projected. That pushed Trump’s total debt for his three casinos to $1.2 billion. For the renamed Trump Taj Mahal to break even, it would have to pull in as much as $1.3 million a day in revenue, more than any casino ever. >Disaster hit fast. As had been predicted by some Wall Street analysts, Trump’s voracious appetite cannibalized his other casinos—it was as if Trump had tipped the Atlantic City boardwalk and slid all his customers at the Trump Castle and Trump Plaza down to the Taj. Revenues for the two smaller casinos plummeted a combined $58 million that first year. Brilliant businessman!
That's not how casino's work
no business is guaranteed customers. Casinos are like any other business.
Still not how casinos work, also even if we go down your path, he's a such great businessman, but he had the worst casino. So bad the other ones ran him out of business? Like there is no selling that as some how proof of him being electable. He either is so incompetent that he ran a business into the ground, or he was so incompetent at it that other companies ate his lunch and ran him out of town.
I'm not sure what you mean by "how casinos work", they are a particular kind of industry with potential for high profit margins due to the nature of the business they do. You're saying that because one of his businesses went out of business, that means he's a bad businessman, which makes me think you don't really know how business, in general, works. Maybe you're a CPA in real life, I don't know, but none of what you're saying makes business sense so far. 50% of businesses fail in the first 5 years of operations, and 70% in the first 10. One failed enterprise out of many doesn't make someone a poor investor. What you're trying to argue would be like saying Google is incompetent because Google Plus wasn't a success.
You keep throwing things out there like it's a college course or this is hypothetical. http://www.nytimes.com/2007/07/06/business/06norris.html This article is from 2007 before Trump's move into politics. Here's an interesting bit. >I counted five other casino companies that went public in the mid-1990s. All made money for investors in the initial offering. The champion was Penn National Gaming, which will take your bets in West Virginia, Pennsylvania, Mississippi, Louisiana and in Ontario. It went public in 1994, and a $10,000 investment would now be worth about $724,000. and >All told, ignoring the warrants, a shareholder who invested $10,000 in Mr. Trump’s empire when the casino company went public in 1995 would now have about $636. So again, that's not how casino's work. Especially in the 90's. So going I don't know what i'm talking about or other ad hominem attacks don't change that he bankrupted casinos (plural) during an economic boom. So again, all the things you've said, all the random business facts about failure (which don't really hold up to casinos for a lot of reasons), doesn't explain how he could run them so badly. And why other people didn't have that problem, or the core argument that he's good enough at business which shows his strength and leadership. Which it doesn't because he failed, a lot.
The reason this is "hypothetical" is because it's a concept. I don't know how else someone is supposed to explain a principle, and you're still not understanding the principle. When you say "how casinos work", that doesn't mean anything. You gave me examples of how it's an industry with potential for very high return on investment, which is exactly what I said, and then gave the example that Trump's casino didn't have a good return on investment, which was never in question. Characterizing relevant facts as "random" just enforces that you don't really understand why I'm bringing them up. Trump controls hundreds of corporations and has had only 5 of them go into business bankruptcy. Now compare that with the "random fact". When you say "how casinos work" I can only assume you mean they're cash cows. But all casinos compete for the same business, if there were 500 casinos in 5 square miles are you really saying that they should all be raking in money because every single one is guaranteed to make a profit and every single one will get the same amount of patrons unless there is something seriously wrong with management? And let me repeat what I said in my last comment, a single investment failure out of many investments doesn't mean the investor is incompetent. But that is exactly what you are trying to say in my opinion. Whatever the reasons this specific investment failed, has way less correlation than you think it does to Trump's business tact.
Because running a country is exactly the same as running a business.
I'm confused by your point my friend.
I meant that sarcastically. Even if someone has good business acumen it does not necessarily mean, I think, that it will transfer into politics. Politics, I believe, is a different beast than business. Although some aspects of both may intersect the faculties of those people successful in either seems, dare I say, fundamentally different? Just my $.02. In any case, that's why it bothers me that some people choose business acumen as the top quality to look for in a candidate.
OH absolutely agree. I figured it was sarcasm but you can never be too sure around here. Apologies.
Even if they perfectly intersected 100%, Trump has no business acumen. His business acumen was inheriting a real-estate empire from his daddy and then maintaining it by consistently ripping off little guys and defaulting on debts and exploiting the bankruptcy system. Then for the last decade or so he's lived off of name recognition and shitty reality TV. If we wanted a shrewd businessman for president I'd take Bloomberg, Buffet, or Cuban over Trump all day everyday.
In fact, the differences between running the country and running a business are staggering. For one thing, businesses are dictatorships. Employees and citizens impacted by a business do not vote for CEO and there is no process for the mail room employees to remove a dangerous upper manager or CEO. You do what you're told or you're fired. For another, government cannot make and market products to make profit for its ventures as businesses do. The goal of a business is to make profit, the goal of a country is considerably more complex and doesn't involve profit. Then you have to realize that the economic side of governance comprises probably 1% of the job with the rest including things like foreign policy and global affairs. A CEO has experience being in charge of many people and has some grasp of finance but absolutely no reason to think they know economics, global politics, or any of the thousands of things a president needs to know. In fact, in many ways, it may make them poorly suited to the job.
The GOP and its base would not be able to function without the comfort of denial to fall back on.
very on point.
It seems as though people just associate "Trump" with "Rich" and that's all they care to see. They can't be bothered to learn anymore than that.
Well he said he's rich, didn't he? Super rich! With the most money! So much money! You wouldn't believe it. Don't you trust him comrade?
That's what he banks on.
[removed]
> Warren Buffet put out all his information wheb Trump called him out and everyone just glosses over it. This is not true. Buffet put out a small summary of some of his returns, and then didn't release his tax returns because his lawyers told him not to. Certainly not "all his information."
Yes, i was wrong. Buffet put out the "highlights" for 2015 not the entire document. Still more than what we got about Trump
Someone admitting fault maturely? Am I on Reddit still. Yes, it's more than Trump has given, you are dead accurate. I voted Trump, reluctantly, and this was one of several things I wasn't comfortable with. You might want to edit your previous comment to correct your mistake, just to prevent the perpetuation of misinformation.
Yeah, i went back and edited the comment. Thanks for pointing it out.
The rebuttal is never heard. It's a big theme in this election, Trump knows that he can lie through his teeth and many people will be none the wiser.
But buffet didn't release his returns, he just told us what they look like. In this election only sources speak the truth, I won't take anyone's word for it. Buffet never released his actual returns.
You are correct, he said how much he made and the amount he donated. Can't link but the reddit thread can be easily found
Honestly until this article popped up I admittedly had forgotten. I do care very much so about those documents though. It really is an important thing to do as a candidate.
I think part of the reason many people forget about it, is just the sheer amount of news that trump generates on a daily basis. By having that many newsworthy stories, its not a surprise that we get overwhelmed and forget some of them. It's surprisingly a pretty damn good strategy
I was going to note the exact same thing as a reason why I let it slide. Just the sheer amount of information/bullshit can easily deflect folks from one issue to another. It is a damn good strategy. I actually think there's a name for it, but I can't recall.
Exponentially more when it's the entire basis for being qualified. We don't have a political record to analyze and he refuses to show us much else.
True. The longer it takes the more suspicious it becomes honestly.
If it hasn't happened yet, it's not gonna happen at all
I thought that maybe Anonymous or WikiLeaks might have unmasked him by now.
/pol/ and Assange are so far up Trump's ass they wouldn't do anything to harm their puppet.
Oh yeah I'm sure you're right. His base doesn't care so why should he?
Hopefully November 8 will prove to him and the extremists on the alt-reich that a loud and rowdy base alone isn't enough to win on the federal level.
Damn straight.
Well, since he hasn't held a press conference in months or done a sit down TV interview with someone not affiliated with Fox News, he's never going to be asked about it.
So the NAMBLA donation rumors must be true, or they might not, but I'm hearing a lot smart people, bigly smart people, who have the evidence, and have investigated Trump's disastrous NAMBLA donations, he doesn't want his huge donations to NAMBLA made public, the Russians won't like it, and Hannity donated too, just ask him.
[deleted]
It's satire. But I'm sure people would stop implying he's been donating to NAMBLA if he would, you know, release his tax returns.
I think he's hiding child support payment to kids we don't know about.
So child support payments is a euphemism for NAMBLA donations ?
I think it's a euphemism for the Santos campaign.
I doubt that, considering how much he likes to put his last name on everything.
this is so september
I know, but I can't resist
Your memes suck
You could go with, "If he did, his supporters would know he paid little or no taxes because he probably had a Jew accountant." I've heard that is a big thing for some of them.
Well Trump once said "Black guys counting my money! I hate it. The only kind of people I want counting my money are little short guys that wear yarmulkes every day."
My God, I forgot about that. Ah, the Onion has escaped the Internet and gained sentience.
Reasons why Trump probably never showed his taxes. He already admitted to not paying taxes, so what else is hiding besides not paying taxes? Could it be, that he is not as rich as he claims? Or that if he shows his taxes, it will show that he has business dealings with Russia, or other people that he doesn't want to let the American people now. People that don't care about Trump's taxes, I would imagine are probably some white dudes, that have shaven all their hair, sitting in their rooms, while next to their bedside, an Ann Coulter book, or their other favorite book "Mein Kampf ". Like Trump said, "He could shoot somebody and not lose any voters".
Who cares.
Donny isn't Worth anything he says he is. His name was his asset & now they're dropping that for the same name as a failed rice burning car. Majority of his voters can't even afford to stay or be on premise of his place's. For people bitching about Gates & Buffet being liberal, they've contributed more than that do nothing Congress.
It's amazing a completely non-partisan group like WikiLeaks still hasn't been able to find these. /s
Quack. Donald ducks again. I know Hillary came up with the ducks. I don't care. She's had to release more information than any candidate ever has while this jackass gets a pass. I don't get it.
He'll release them after the IRS audit is done. This is a standard thing. He can't release them now, but of course he will later. Of course. Just the standard, endless audit. No idea when it might be over. I'm betting sometime after November 8th. I love how every time this has been brought up in debates and HRC and moderators have cornered him and confronted him with the fact that the audit excuse it total bullshit he just smirks and then somehow magically everyone drops it and moves on. That doesn't make me want to drive my car off a bridge at all.
Fuck yeah cLOUDDEAD. I've never come across any artists making music quite like that.
:) They were one of a kind
You might enjoy the album that Koze did for the DJ Kicks series.
Right on, I'll check it out!
> then somehow magically everyone drops it and moves on See the entire election. Everything is just moved on from now because nothing can be allowed to cause a gg. After the primaries, nobody is allowed to outright lose, even if it means that the candidates HELP each other by not using gg buttons.
But the IRS said themselves that he is allowed to release his taxes under audit.
I know... I was mocking Trump.
My bad man I totally didn't pick up on that. I downvoted you and everything. Guess I read too fast.
It's all good :)
So the years that aren't under audit then? What about those?
But Hillary deleted emails. Shyna. BAAAAAAD EXPERIENCE.
He flaunts wealth and hides His taxes – bullies all – yet Barack is Satan
What type of stupid formatting- *checks username* Ohhhhh
Do they **still** not realize the 'Trump Tax Returns' strategy is a net-lose for them? I the end, it just paints the idea of "I don't like presidential candidates keeping secrets", and that's a much bigger negative on Clinton than it is for Trump. The 'tax return' strategy backfires every morning when Wikileaks airs more dirty laundry.
It's not about Trump keeping secrets, it's about Trump lying about yet something else. Trump said several times that he would release his tax returns, he's come up with reason after reason of why he hasn't but insists that he will, and of course, he won't, because just like the other 70% of things he says that's a lie. Keeping secrets is fine, it's shady, but you'd expect a President to keep secrets. Straight up lying is not a quality you want on anyone, yes, all politicians lie, but what's jarring about Trump is how unbelievably sloppy and inconsistent he is with his lies...
How do you feel about candidates who lie about their policy positions in public and then reveal them when paid to do so in private?
Pretty good, since that was taken out of context, and also, that describes 80% of people I know and 100% of politicians. I feel even better about voting for someone like that with 30 years of public service experience than a narcissist to uses money intended for charity to buy pictures of himself and NFL helmets all the while bragging that he doesn't pay taxes.
> that's a much bigger negative on Clinton than it is for Trump. Exactly. But democrats are too busy oogling potential 'free' stuff to use their brains.
So far not a single bad thing has come out of the leaked emails. Why do you keep bringing them up when you know nothing will ever come of it?
> So far not a single bad thing has come out of the leaked emails. Why do you keep bringing them up when you know nothing will ever come of it? The content doesn't have to be illegal to be damaging. Wikileaks does not need to show any criminal conduct for it to hurt her image. The messages are (so far) legal and detail a lot of game-playing and behind-the-scenes deals that both parties do on a regular basis. But people get mad when they see the truth of this. It's like "finding out how hot dogs get made". So Wikileaks is more like slow poison to the credibility of her team than anything else.
Don't give them tips on strategy, it's funny seeing them fail so miserably. Their day of judgement will come too, just like Hillary.
I want them to go back to the sexism thing so we can turn it around and slam them with their Saudi connections. http://imgur.com/xMu12wX
What do the H and C stand for?
wtf how did I misspell 'T'? Thanks buddy
lol, no problem. I assumed you meant Trump, but wasn't sure.
Surprise level = 0
So sad that we're never going to know how strong his connection to NAMBLA is.
Who cares
Everybody cares. Especially Trump, who keeps on lying about why he refuses to release his tax returns. If he didn't care he would release them, so there's obviously something bad in them.
Yawn
Yeah its so boring watching a compulsive lying serial sex offender dupe a large chunk of our population.
To quote Voldemort, "what difference, at this point, does it make?"
I never got the need to anyway. The IRS has them, don't they? If they found something wrong with them, they'd jump on it, wouldn't they? They, of all people, would love to get him on something like that and they wouldn't hesitate to. If there was something there. But obviously there isn't.
Let's say he owes Russian 1 billion dollars. It's highly likely that while president, he would put his own interests above the United States interests. Usually we know this isn't the case. However, Trump has gambled that people don't care that he will put himself first instead of our country.
The IRS doesn't publicize what they find.
If he was convicted of a crime you can bet your butt it would be all over the news. If he was, say, found guilty of tax evasion, we'd all know about it. Obviously they won't publicize what they find...if he hasn't done anything to get himself in trouble with them.
How do you know they haven't jumped on it. They can't publicize it if there is something.
It may not be anything illegal. It may be that he's actually poor as fuck, a really shitty businessman, or has done deals with businesses in countries he has so vehemently spoken against this cycle. It doesn't have to be illegal to be of interest to voters. There may be something in there that even the staunchest Trump supporter could find reprehensible (doubtful, knowing his zealous supporters). Edit: also, its become somewhat of a tradition among presidential candidates to release their tax returns in a gesture of good faith. Donald not doing so, and being the candidate of one of the two major parties, is odd.
>Edit: also, its become somewhat of a tradition among presidential candidates to release their tax returns in a gesture of good faith. Donald not doing so, and being the candidate of one of the two major parties, is odd. So is allowing a candidate being investigated by the FBI to run for president. Man, this is the first time I've ever really cared to focus on an election and this is just fucked.
I apologize that this is the first election you decided to really focus on, because it's a shit show from both sides (of the two major parties). But yeah, both parties are really showing their stuff this cycle it seems.
Has someone hacked those yet? Seems like the last obvious thing on the list.
Yeah, strange Russia hasn't bothered with that...
Hillary should send him and email and then maybe we'll get something.
Pretty sure Hillary has someone that owes her a favor there somewhere and she has already seen them. So if there was anything of any significance it would of been "leaked" already.
Deflecting is strong in this sub.
Deflecting from what?
Dunno, maybe the other candidate being under continued FBI scrutiny after her attempt and failure to violate FOIA and destroy government records?
At this point, there's nothing to say either way about that except that to this point that information is inaccurate. If something comes of the "new information", then we have a talking point. Until then, it's extremely irresponsible to speculate.
That information is entirely accurate, they just couldn't sufficiently prove malice.
Then until something comes out otherwise, there's nothing to talk about other than it happened. The fact that the investigation is continuing is irrelevant. Comey even said so by stating that they don't know what they have. We're still at the "Clinton was not prosecuted for what happened" stage. She currently has a "not guilty" verdict (not innocent mind you). Until I have something contrary, what else am I going to say?
The case was closed because the "no intent" reason. The only reason to open it back up if there was intent. Otherwise, it would be Weiner only in this investigation.
No, the only reason to reopen it is to review "possibly" new evidence. It may be damning, it may not be. Heck it could even be evidence they've already seen. Since we don't know, there's no point in making assumptions about what it is or isn't. I understand it would make some people happy since apparently they were personally hurt by the FBI not recommending prosecution, but I'd hold on to the party hats until you know exactly what they have.
I mean, is this really a bombshell? Isn't it openly known that the 1% don't pay taxes?
Are the emails really bombshell then? Doesn't everyone know politicians engage in corruption?
The email thing was possibly illegal. If Trump didn't pay taxes, it was probably legal.
Is it moral though? Hes not paying taxes through loopholes and that's okay? Not saying what Hillary did is okay, but this is just double standards.
Especially when he's come right out and said (during a debate) that he does what he's allowed to do. Then it turns out he uses loopholes and all sorts of things like so many others yet people flip their shit? Like, what did you really expect?
He won't even release them after the audit has been completed, as promised. How do I know this? Trump lies about everything.
yeah trump is the one who lies about everything. definitely not Hillary. she didn't do nothin
She lied about her emails. Trump lies about everything.
Just like every other recent presidential candidate.
He's definitely not going to release them if he loses. If he were to win public pressure would increase indefinitely. He may be pushed into it eventually.
I can't see a President Trump bowing to "public pressure" he'll just claim it's some made up thing rigged by the liberal media. He'll say things like "people don't want to see my taxes they want Isis out of Canada". And that whole promise to release his taxes was a "campaign thing". He'll sit around in bafflement as poll numbers drop and any sort of mandate he thought he had evaporates and blame other mysterious forces for failing at every agenda item he refuses to compromise on. Just a prediction, of course.
He hasn't even shown proof that he's even being audited from what I remember.
You are correct. Trump has not shown anything from the IRS stating that he is currently under audit.
I'm sure he's being audited bigly.
He probably is, but his refusal to release anything showing the IRS is auditing him forces us to trust him when he says it. In my opinion he hasn't earned that trust.
And the IRS can't say zilch about any of it either.
the last thing he wanted to do is to show the world that he doesn't really even have 100 million of non-leveraged, liquid asset to his name, much less a billionaire. Going to politics is just his latest attempt at scamming using his last name.
This is what we're talking about in r/politics today? Seriously??? This sub is a total embarrassment.
You seem to have a very strange idea about the term "politic" A presidential candidate who probably dodge tax for 20 years isn't releasing his tax return, and you think this isn't politic.
How did he 'dodge' taxes and not get arrested or found out by the irs after multiple tax audits over the last 30+ years? More like he used legal loopholes to pay as little tax as possible.....just like every other billionaire. But fuck him right? Who is stupid enough to use legal loopholes to pay as little as possible, when they could just pay more than they actually owe? Please, had he NOT taken advantage if these legal loopholes, people would say he's an idiot and a bad business man, but when he does use these LEGAL means, he's screwing America? Tell me hillary Clinton and every other billionaire business person doesn't do the same thing(when or isnin her tax report that she does the EXACT same thing), hell, if you own a business, you could do the same thing. This is bullshit trying to take the shade off clinton again. Get the fuck over it. Unless the IRS are stupid blind pieces of shit, i think he would have been found out, after multiple audits, before running for president. Serious question, what would you say if it comes out, like it, already been out from the irs, that he's perfectly fine. He just paid as little as possible, afforded to him by the policies of the current, and past administrations? Nothing illegal, but i can bet your anus you'll still complain that he didn't 'pay enough' please, if this is a huge deal to you, it should be an even bigger deal that hillary and the rest of Washington lets these loop holes remain. If the irs never found anything illegal in all his years of business, what do you think they are going to find that is so 'shocking' it will end his presidential campaign? Really.....what do you think they are going to find, that the IRS was clueless to?
but it's not like every other billionaires. This guy is running for president of the fucking united state! use your brain, you are giving the power of a country to someone who actively used the loopholes to dodge tax for 20 years! If you think the economy is fucked up already, wait until he gets the ability to define tax rule. and the purpose of the tax release is NOT just for us to know how many tax he dodged, it is for people to know about his financial backgrounds so we know our potential president is clean. He's NOT doing that and obviously hiding something. It's hilarious that people such as yourself are so actively supporting someone who fuck you up for years. You know who is paying tax to cover crooks such as Trump, a self proclaim billionaire who doesn't pay tax for 20 years, idiots such as YOURSELF. You know who pays for the military, medical, education, your road, hospitial, etc? NORMAL CITIZENS SUCH AS YOURSELF. How on earth can you tell me to get the fuck over it and vote for Trump with a straight face? get your fucking ass out of the sand.
What may potentially be the largest political scandal of the last 20+ years is actively unfolding and you winners are talking about a guy not releasing his tax returns? An issue that was done to death like 4 months ago?
the only "potentially be the largest political scandal of the last 20 years " is that Americans are this close at voting a fascist to be their president. just because Trump tells you the emails are bigger than watergate, it doesn't mean it's true. Use your brain. What is the scandal you were refering to when Russian is trying so hard to get Trump elected?
Literally Hitler!
Wow...
The education system has failed him. Just imagine the number of people like this guy who are allowed to vote.
and yet you still fail to tell anyone in any of your argument what is the scandal you were refering to
Wow... Do you only get your news from here? Have you maybe checked ANY MAJOR NEWS OUTLET EVER to figure out what i could possibly be referring to? Is acting this ridiculously disingenuous helping your candidate, or your own reputation at this point?
yep, still can't point out a single thing you were refering to. This is getting annoying, I will just block you. Wasted too much time on you already
Wow...
Why don't you Trump supporters every actually specify what the hell you're talking about? You're just like Donald. Is it because if you actually give specifics then people will be able to see through all the bullshit?
I don't recall saying i was a supporter of anyone. Also, seriously?? What could i possibly be referring to??!?
actively unfolding? comey might announce that the emails contain nothing incriminating.
He might!
Dude, it's not worth it, your mind will explode trying to reason with them.
Trump is the total fucking embarassment.
Good point, i guess we *shouldn't* discuss the 650,000 pound elephant in the room!
lol, y'all are psychotic
Please explain...
Trump won't release his tax returns that shows he doesn't give me any of his money!!!!1! 650,000 emails don't fucking matter because TAX RETURNZZz!
650k emails are pale in comparison to Russian and NAMBLA connections.
You mean Russian connections like the ones had by the Clinton campaign?
What's wrong with it?
what you don't like /r/EnoughTrumpSpam you shouldn't come to their sub...
I wonder how much money he owes to Russian banks and/or mobsters.
Not sure that'll pop up in tax returns.
Didn't Hillary sell our uranium to Russia? We don't know if trumps ever done business with Russia, but we have proof Hillary has.
I think there's a bit of that in there, but what I REALLY think would be revealed is his obvious lack of real wealth. He's a brand, really. And part of his brand's value is the idea of luxury and wealth. With that idea shattered, his brand "loses bigly" and Trump's empire failure cascades.
Nope just what he made last year and his deductions.
He's damned if he does and doesn't. Just less so by not doing it. Regardless of anything, your going to see a low effective tax rate, he is in real estate, just how the business works. The media would destroy him on this, non-stop coverage for weeks or months if he released them. Even though, he is just doing what every small or large business owner in America does, pays whatever their accountant can get their taxes legally down to. So for Trump, his best attack, which worked well, is speculation and deflection. He let the media and Hillary speculate on his taxes and then hit her with "30" years of experience and "why did you let me pay nothing". I work in the construction field as a supervisory role, after the last debate, this is what most of the union guys were talking about. Comments like "that's not Trump's fault, Bill and Hillary let him do it". Blue collar people don't care and the attack from the left in my strong blue state didn't register with the people they need to switch back over. This in my opinion was Trump's plan the entire time and his target demographic doesn't care.
Do you think that information is in a tax return?
He gets more defensive about his wealth than pretty much anything else. I'm pretty sure that if his returns backed him up on that, he would have been shoving them in everyone's faces by now. But he's not, so they don't. Dude doesn't have shit and he knows it.
We've got Hillary under criminal investigation and the top story is about Trump's tax records.. This place is fucking hysterical. Enjoy it while it lasts i guess..
Your white nationalist candidate is gonna get wrecked November 8th. Cheers
I'll get back to you then. Many lols will be had.
Agreed
I'm voting for Gary Johnson, so trump isn't my candidate.. But i think Hillary belongs in a fucking jail cell.. I can deal with for years of gridlock with a clown at the helm.. I can't deal with a corrupt criminal pounding the wars drums aggressively.
> Your white nationalist candidate is gonna get wrecked November 8th. Wow, you're a racist scumbag. BLACK AMERICAN SUPPORTING TRUMP HERE.
Oh so you're the one? You're jeff, right?
lol
"This place is fucking hysterical." no the real joke is the republican nominee and anyone who tries to defend him.
The top story is still the Hillary mega thread about the investigation.
Just wait until Trumps rape trial in December
If it happens, he should get a nice comfy cube next to Hillary's
If both are convicted, I'm ok with this.
this is a very legitimate subreddit with very real posters.
Lmao. Seriously? 650,000 emails. 650. Thousand. She is absolutely fucking cooked, and this country needs to figure out what happens next.
this guy is talking about emails, while trump's on trial for raping a 13 year old that the press won't cover, because it's so damning, it'd be slanted as being partisan.
They're not covering it because it's complete bullshit and even MSNBC has more dignity than shining light on that bogus.
yknow what else is complete bullshit? the fucking emails.
They're not at all. I don't think so. 66% of America doesn't think so according to polls. She's going to lose this election because of them as well, like it or not.
what 66% of Americans think is irrelevant. What you think is democracy is pointless because the US makes no effort to educate voters properly. 66% of americans believe in angels and miracles or that obama is a muslim. You can't trust shit like that. It results in people like you, who think trump and hillary are on the same level, as it's generally a point from coverage to portray them in similar light, as that's "nonpartisan". in this case, one is so blatantly different from the other, and if you portray that as such someone like you thinks it's "bias", when it isn't. She's going to win, and Trump is going to be something you and those who defend him will be apologizing and atoning for for probably the rest of your voting lives. you either don't understand the scope of what you don't know, or you agree with it and are as much a sociopathic, racist bigot as he is. That's the only way I can justify your choices here. Good luck, and I hope who you vote for doesn't win simply because nomatter how much of a piece of shit you are, you don't deserve what'll happen.
k
Yep. And I will always remain in a #NeverTrump camp.
Nobody cares.
Oh my god, the Secretary of State gets lots of emails! So? There's nothing much in there.
And the answer isn't a racist with a rat on his head.
Sad that people still believe the "Trump's a racist" narrative being pushed by the establishment. If you watch any of his rallies you would see that he is constantly reaching out to every community
He was king birther for Christ's sake! Why? Because Obama is black. Period. End of sentence. The man is racist as fuck. Oh wait, that's right, he just called one of his black *supporters* a paid thug. Why? Because he was black, obviously.
Hmm you know he also tried to birther Ted Cruz saying he was an illegitimate candidate? It's stupid and dangerous to promote a culture where criticizing a black person makes you racist and criticizing a woman makes you sexist.
Like he reached out to this guy? https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/the-fix/wp/2016/10/29/trump-booted-a-black-man-from-his-rally-and-called-him-a-thug-turns-out-he-is-a-supporter/%3F0p19G%3De?client=safari
Typical liberal logic, dishonestly injecting race into everything. He was told the guy was a protestor so he called him a thug and kicked him out. Considering the number of thugs that have disrupted his rallies and incited violence on Hillary's dime, Im not going to blame him for that and I especially wont twist it into racism
"Typical Liberal Logic" was the last space I needed. Thanks for the BINGO, man.
You can plainly see the shit he says about "every community", he doesn't try to hide it. If you want to support him fine, but don't try to downplay his racism, xenophobia, misogyny and general uneducated opinions on things. It's all right there in the fucking words he says on a consistent basis.
Sorry but thats just not true. His language is constantly that of unity and making America work for everyone, not just the liberal elite. You just never see any of that in the MSM because they are doing their best to tear him down. Listen to his speeches at his rallies. Do you know what the top stickied post in r/the_donald is right now? it is Trump waving a rainbow flag at his rally. His "hate" is a construct of the MSM.
The delirium is strong in you. You can support whoever you want, that's your right, but you literally can't defend the shit he says.. Since he says it.. Himself. As for this "msm" you obviously get your "information" from r/the_donald and breitbart and that shit is biased rhetoric lol I mean for real man, that's main stream media for you.. So your same argument is a strong point against you.
I dont get my info from breitbart I get it from Trump's mouth himself because i have seen several of his rallies and stump speeches. Nothing but unity and how he is going to work for all americans. Im pretty confidant that you have only heard his words through the lens of the MSM which of course hates him.
Sad that people can't recognize blatant racism. Yet here we are.
hmm ok buddy you sit tight in your bubble
Your words are meaningless. Unlike Trumps, which are loaded with codified dogwhistle messages.
what? I wouldnt want to offend anyone so can you point out where I might have done so so that I may censor myself in the future?
I never said you did, specifically. In fact I called your deflection "meaningless." Feel free to read a couple of posts above this in case you missed it. I was speaking of Trump's supporters. Of course I would never assume you were one. I'd respect Trump's racist supporters much more if they just came out and said *what they really mean* instead of being a bunch of whiny pussies.
It's not a narrative. Just mainly video recordings of him saying things.
what things?
Do you honestly think that shit matters? Big fucking deal. Donald Trump said something mean to someone 34 years ago! ITS 2016!~~~~!!!!!!
You bring up how Hillary thought vaccines caused autism and was against gay marriage in 2008, and all her supporters start screaming "People can change so your argument is invalid!" You bring up how Trump said some questionable things in 2005 and they start yelling "CRUCIFY HIM! HE'LL NEVER CHANGE!" Give me a fucking break.
His political views may change with the tides, but his hands will always be grabby.
Like Bill's?
Yeah? Between my personal and work accounts I have almost 100000 unread messages. The quantity sounds pretty normal for a long term side.
Man I have been hearing about emails for months and I'm tired of it. Come back to me when something in them is substantive.
Don't you mean 22 million emails?
On Weiner's computer. Reported by WSJ today.
Why does he have the 22 million deleted emails from the Bush administration?
One for each actual dollar Trump has.
Who gives a shit? Why should he? Hillary is literally being investigated by the FBI and you guys aren't covering that story? What's going on here...
Trump University? Child molestation? Ring any bells?
Trump is innocent until proven guilty, but Hillary? Less so.
There would be an investigation into Trump and Russia except that GOP control the house and committees.
Lol. You mean there's a lack of any *credible* evidence against Trump or there would be cases against him. Why do you think all those hilarious **claims** of rape, molestation, crimes, etc etc all are just **claims against Trump**? No actual evidence exists, they are just going for the headline. If you only read /r/politics though, you would fail to comprehend this.
False equivalence is also a logical fallacy.
Did you miss the two gigantic email megathreads over the past couple of days?
Something that has ongoing for months. The Friday announcement is completely free of substance and has no bearing on anything unless/until something worthwhile is found.
The FBI opened an *INVESTIGATION*. That is not something you do unless there is something seriously worth investigating. How can you downplay an FBI investigation and try to pay up a tax return? That is suppression at the highest level. Downplaying an FBI investigation? The FBI decided, for the second time during this debate to open a criminal investigation and people on this subreddit are doing everything they can to act like it's totally normal. I'm terrified to be in the same country as people who brush off an FBI investigation. If Donald was under investigation, you people would be posting every fragment of information to assure everyone gets to see it. Yet when the same is being done with Hillary, you guys brush it under the rug. Seriously, you guys need to ask yourselves if you're actually on the correct side. Here's Mr. Gowdy, Representitive, discussing the matters with the FBI Director, Mr. Comey in the House of Rep. If you truly are for America and an American, then I urge you to watch this video and try and tell me that Hillary is not a crook. It's a 6 minute video, inside the house of reps, talking with the FBI director. It's as legit as they come, there's no denying this (Even though anytime it's posted it gets downvoted immediately instead of being questioned) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_wPvURDazMk&feature=youtu.be
How can you hype something when the contents of Comey's letter was that they have no idea what they're looking at or are going to find? Why make more of it than is there? This isn't me brushing off anything, this is me being realistic about the situation. I cannot control the outcome, I am along for the ride. Worrying about it or trying to make more of it than I have information for is irresponsible. It's really really irresponsible. Now, if they find something that proves actual wrongdoing, I as someone who has *already cast my vote for Clinton* hope they prosecute her. I would still be okay with Tim Kaine as president. The reason I voted for her is I know what I'm getting with Clinton. I'm getting a politician with all the rights and privileges who will at the very least not make things worse, and guess what I'm perfectly ok with that! But more importantly, her stated opinions and worldviews mirror my own. The reason I couldn't ever vote for Trump is that his "policies" are measurably worse due to their lack of specifics, intention of turning back the clock through banning abortion, allowing Mike Pence (who is fucking crazy, look at my flair, we get IN news) to push his idiotic agenda of conservative Christian "values" (as evidenced by the deal he tried to give Kasich being in charge of public and foreign policy), repealing the ACA without any sort of plan of replacement plan, and being anti-LGBT rights (which I'm not LGBT, but his running mate is Mike Pence, so anything Trump says to the contrary isn't true). Oh, and this is completely forgetting the whole "build a wall" thing which many reasonable people from both sides have said is infeasible, his complete disdain for half the country (women) which he's proven time and time again through his antics/"witty" banter/lockerroom talk/whatever the hell you want to call it, and the hope of defunding planned parenthood which as someone that has family that has used their services believes is a terrible plan. I do not believe there to be a "perfect" option this cycle, but I do know what my list of non-starters are and Trump ticks all of them with astonishing accuracy. Finally I tried to watch your video, but couldn't get through the part with the "smack down" music. BTW, I upvoted your comment because while I disagree with you I respect your thoughtfulness. I hope you can respect mine.
Was there not two mega threads on the new e-mail thing?
Why should he? Because it would confirm a lot of what he say or completely invalidate it. And most voters give a shit, actually.
How does his tax return have any merit on his skills for the job of being president?
Lying about the content of this sub just shows you refuse to look at it, this does not make you clever. This is currently the top post. https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/5a8mz9/fbi_obtains_warrant_for_newly_discovered_emails/ You need to explain to us why that doesn't count.
Lying? Lets talk about lying, shall we? R/politics is so extremely bias that the only post that isn't slander on Donald Trump is the FBI investigation post. The rest are skewed facts and slander, and you want to talk about lying. You literally have zero posts that are in favor of Donald on this subreddit. Yet if you go to New, you see PLENTY of factual evidence in support of him posted there hourly, yet it's constantly downvoted. I posted a video of FBI director Comey getting exposed by Gowdy in the House of Reps. A factual video. The first comment posted says "Tag this as misogynistic hate". That's suppression and lying. You want to talk about lying, well you're in a cesspool of liars on this subreddit. People who are willing to vote for a criminal to be president. People who are willing to ignore reason and logic in order to be emotionally charged and used in order to put a crook into office. There is SO MUCH information out there yet every single time it's posted here, you people, you suppressors of fact, you liars, downvote it into oblivion to assure nobody sees it. This is a Pro-Hillary subreddit, not an even ground for discussion. You have no right to talk to me about lying as I did NOT lie, in fact, all I've been trying to do is PRESENT FACTUAL EVIDENCE AND FACTUAL INFORMATION to the people, but instead, it's overlooked by people like you, thinking I'm trying to be "clever" when I'm trying to make sure our country doesn't fall into the hands of crooks! Get your priorities straight! Check the facts! You cannot deny them (Well, you can, this place is clearly evident of that) but you can't fool everyone. That's why there is a significant swing of popularity going on for Donald. He's constantly bullied and pressured and he doesn't break, it continues to show how strong in will and stamina he is and is able to work hard under pressure and fight against corruption and crooks. Everything is thrown at him yet no evidence comes up to back up any claims, only more PROOF that Hillary is crooked, like paying people to start violence at his Rallys, paying half-way house and medi-cal members $300 if she is elected president. Bribes to sway her votes. That's a liar. That's an unhonest person and you're willing to put her in charge of the USA? She wants to go to war with Russia. She wants to draft our daughters. This isn't a joke, this is real shit that you people ignore and instead talk about a tax return. What a joke! Instead of downvoting and suppressing info, why don't you spread the facts and let people make up their mind on their own, instead of supporting emotionally triggering words and violent behavior that leads to cruel comments, oppression and suppression.
>that the only post that isn't slander on Donald Trump is the FBI investigation post. There's no slander about Trump on here, it's all true. You not wanting to believe he says the things he says does not mean they didn't happen. >Yet if you go to New, you see PLENTY of factual evidence in support of him posted there hourly, yet it's constantly downvoted. Those things are downvoted because they are lies said by or about Trump. >A factual video. The first comment posted says "Tag this as misogynistic hate". That's suppression and lying. That comment was downvoted so much it's hidden by default, the score in that thread is still hidden so we don't know how many downvotes they got. So no, it's not suppression, that person did lie though. >People who are willing to vote for a criminal to be president. People who are willing to ignore reason and logic in order to be emotionally charged and used in order to put a crook into office. There is SO MUCH information out there yet every single time it's posted here, you people, you suppressors of fact, you liars, downvote it into oblivion to assure nobody sees it. Why are you bringing /r/the_donald into this? >You have no right to talk to me about lying as I did NOT lie, in fact You did lie, you said there's nothing about the FBi investigation and I linked to the current top thread in this sub which is about the FBI investigation. >thinking I'm trying to be "clever" when I'm trying to make sure our country doesn't fall into the hands of crooks! I thought you didn't support Hillary Clinton. >He's constantly bullied and pressured and he doesn't break, He's not bullied or pressured by anybody. Despite this he constantly breaks, like blaming a microphone for letting people hear the thing he said, or going on rants at 3 AM. >Instead of downvoting and suppressing info, why don't you spread the facts and let people make up their mind on their own, instead of supporting emotionally triggering words and violent behavior that leads to cruel comments, oppression and suppression. I do spread facts. The fact is Clinton is not a criminal.
> bias Why does nobody understand how to use this word properly?
Congratulations. You've officially become the poster boy for why we feared Comey's unadvised choice to go public with "reopening" the ongoing investigation into Clintons private servers, 11 days before a national election, when 1)it was against DOJ policy, 2) they have no idea what's in the emails, and 3) was handed to GOP politicians who obviously took the appropriate route, didn't politicize the letter to sway American voters, or demonize Clinton.
It's almost like r/politics has picked a side or maybe only one side is being upvoted...
If people don't want to upvote Trump's bullshit, I don't see how you could force them to.
People do, hence why r/the_Donald exists. The problem is the neutral board is very obviously being pushed one way and no one cares. Even a die hard Democrat knows that's really shitty. It's a very big and bad problem.
Welcome to /r/politics. Make an alt account, enjoy the hypocrisy, and prepare for the down votes.
There was literally 2 gigantic megathreads on this.. come on people.
It is official: Hillary Clinton is under FBI investigation.....again
Don't tell r/politics
One thing for sure....she is making history!
For better or for worse she sure is
Yet so many are using a vote for Trump as a protest vote to Clinton because they don't trust her.
Not so much distrust, as believe she is an actual criminal who should be in jail. Not saying the same doesn't also apply to Trump, I can't bring myself to vote for either.
That's like coming to a dinner table seeing your least favorite food, turning around and drinking drain cleaner.
With the way this election cycle has been going, that Drain-o is looking mighty tasty.
And where is Julian Assange, the bastion of transparency for the common man? I don't give a shit about all Clinton's email and the relentless efforts to find something to really hang her. Yet, this prick Assange was on Bill Maher two months ago, and said they were working on getting Trump"s tax returns, so I said then, that he appeared to be non partisan at least. I see now, that WikiLeaks is either incapable or hasn't bothered to even try to get the tax returns, so I call it all bullshit, and a direct attempt to influence our elections with the one sided approach. Whatever benefit of the doubt I gave them before is completely gone. They are not the objective, transparent organization they purport to be, (if they ever were) and are now irrelevant.
As you've been told they don't do the hacking. If theres no one in the IRS who says "omg the world needs to see this!" Then it wont come to WL. Unlike the DNC which is ripe with corruption. That sort of environment breeds patriots who will put their lives and careers in the kine to expose the corruption. Also I'm not sure how you mind equivocates the legal (at most embarrassing) tax returns with the piles of shady shit Hillary has been up to. You obviously aren't aware of the contents of the WL dumps so maybe you should read up on em. Mostdamagingwikileaks.com for an organized list with links to each leak. You probably wont read any of it though because you're afraid of being wrong and feeling like a fool. Keep in mind, unlike the the Dnc or Hrc, WL has never been shown the lie or even twist the truth in 10 years of leaks, now all of a sudden they are focusing on your candidate they are full of shit? Grow up, look at the evidence.
Wikileaks doesnt do the hacking. The only reason that theres so much info on the DNC and HRC is because A. Someone thought it extremely vital to leak the info or B. They were hacked or phished because they dont understand how to use modern technology.
Assange and Snowden both have personal vendettas against Clinton specifically as well as the US, and are both reliant on foreign countries to stay out of prison. Although they both did a lot of good initially they are pretty much just pawns now.
It's so sad to me, even if these are just paid posters. That this shit gets spewed here. Absolutely disgusting behavior. We (apparently) live in a world where the wealthy can smear any people they want with moderate success. Even if these people are doing democracy a giant favor.
What did I say that was inaccurate? They both really do have a personal vendetta against Clinton, and they both really are reliant on foreign countries to stay out of prison. Why would you think they want what's best for the American Government at this point?
I'm not talking to you, I come on reddit to talk to people. Not employees.
Edj lord
Rekt
Exposing corruption is a non partisan issue. Showing that a politician has sold her office at every level of government is more important than tax returns
You lose all credibility when you say you don't care about Clintons scandals but want something on trump. It's important to be objective and critique them both, or you're no different to the trump supporters you dislike.
> You lose all credibility when you say you don't care about Clintons scandals but want something on trump. How is that only mentioned once?
What I said was.....up to now, with all the drip drip drip with the emails, there is no smoking gun, no major anything, nothing to warrant any charges, try and try as they have. And then I cited that when asked by Maher, Assange stated that they were working on getting Trump's taxes over two months ago. Apparently, they either can't or won't. It's obvious to everyone that Assange's future would fare better under a Trump administration.
Man I would love a source on that Bill Maher clip.
Entire clip of Maher's interview: http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/08/06/julian-assange-to-bill-maher-we-re-working-on-hacking-trump-s-tax-returns.html
I hope you realize that Julian Assange isn't some sort of super hacker spy that does all this stuff himself. He only provides a relatively safe and anonymous means for others to blow the whistle.
The cognitive dissonance is strong here. You realise WL can't just magically get the tax returns, and they don't hack things themselves. They rely on sources to send them documents to publish. If nobody has sent them Trump's tax returns then they can't release them, and they would release them if they had them. Don't discredit WL because you don't like what they publish.
Except assange has admitted to having information on trump but won't release that info because its "not interesting", transparent my ass. Assange has his own partisan agenda.
Exactly. Don't discredit WL for only releasing democratic party emails. They are totally non partisan. They just happen to only have Clinton and DNC leaks. Perfectly normal.
You guys didn't seem to care when Wikileaks was releasing info from the Bush administration.
If they were releasing information about the Obama administration, there would be no reason to complain. That's just releasing info about the executive branch, and a Democrat happens to control it. What they're doing is releasing info related to a political *candidate*--and one who's currently not even in office--while not releasing info on any other candidates, [even though Assange claims to have some](http://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/presidential-races/293453-assange-wikileaks-trump-info-no-worse-than-him).
"if anyone has any information that is from inside the Trump campaign, which is authentic, it’s not like some claimed witness statement but actually internal documentation, we’d be very happy to receive and publish it,” he said in an Aug. 17 interview aired on NPR’s “Morning Edition.”
Then a week later he says he has stuff but it's not interesting enough to publish. On the other hand John Podesta's risotto recipe is something the public must know!
Julian Assange is on record saying he wont release what he has on trump supposedly because they cant hurt him more than what he's saying in rallies.
I'm calling bullshit on that one.
http://theweek.com/speedreads/645239/julian-assange-tells-megyn-kelly-why-wikileaks-isnt-releasing-dirt-donald-trump
So he's editorializing it. He's specifically not releasing something because it might help one side.
yeah pretty much
Assange said he would do anything in his power to make Clinton lose.
I guess we'll just take his word about all of his charitable donations.
Since when is charitable giving the reason to vote for someone? Trump is a capitalist and earns money to grow his businesses... businesses create jobs. Worst case is he paid no taxes which was allowed by the IRS. A nothingburger compared to the FBI investigation. Downvote but it's true.
Can you give me a list of acceptable reasons for voting for someone? Just to make sure that's not on a list of approved reasons. Also, your worst case is not the worst case.
Trump has been audited for 18 years straight so whatever mess is in there has been essentially signed off by the IRS. That's what an audit does. It is an agreement to pay some amount of taxes that the IRS deems reasonable. Then they go away until next year. Honest question.. What is your worst case? What do you hope to find? That he wrote off some expenses that the IRS missed? That he didn't give any money to charity?
Trump has not even disclosed the letter from the IRS that he is under audit. He would have received a letter from the IRS saying that he was under audit. So, we'll have to take is word on that as well, I guess. If those audits didn't show anything, nothing to hide. Those tax returns should settle the question of the donations to veteran's groups that he said he made. http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/article/2016/may/31/list-veterans-groups-donald-trump-says-he-donated/ I have no worst case scenario about the returns, but it seems like he does. He said he disclose his tax returns on multiple occasions, claimed to have made charitable donations. Being under audit does not prevent him from disclosing them.
Did he ever even offer any evidence that he was/is under an audit?
No.
Trump tells it like it, and then, his supporters will do incredible contortion to explain what he meant.
Is he required to disclose them by law?
No, but it's a tradition that people running for president release their tax returns so that the people voting for them know there's no conflict of interest.
no
Of course he won't, he knows he's going to lose the election, why would he do anything to engender his standing in future "deals"
Trump sued someone for calling him a millionaire. And he lost the suit. That's all you folks need to know.
Get over it
And this is relevant why? Clinton should release her 33k emails oh wait wikileaks did it already
So then he should release his taxes then.
The emails that Wikileaks has been releasing are unrelated to her Secretary of State era private server.
Why doesn't the Trump campaign release all their internal emails?
Actually those haven't been released yet. That's this coming week
Lop, we are in the shitter guys, bring back up our standard talking point garbage!
Clinton used a personal email server. * Trump won't release his taxes. The FBI said Clinton was careless when she used a personal email server. * Trump U is getting sued for defrauding students. When it comes to her emails, Clinton had a personal email address. * Trump is accused of sexually assaulting 12 women. The FBI is now looking at emails that they've probably already seen but these ones were on Weiner's computer. * Trump said he liked to grab women by the pussy 'cause he can do what he wants 'cause he's famous. Clinton said that there were no classified emails that went through her server, when in fact some emails were retroactively classified and three were improperly marked confidential in the body of the email. * Trump often stiffed many of the people working for him, including architects, contractors, dishwashers, waiters, and plumbers. Hillary Clinton not only had her own personal email address, she had her own private server! * Trump's foundation bribed the Florida Attorney General and Trump used donated money for his own legal battles. Didn't you hear... The FBI REOPENED Clinton's email scandal! * Trump was sued for housing discrimination, attempted to illegally do business with Cuba, used undocumented laborers, and oh yeah, he still won't release his taxes. Clinton. Email. See? Count 'em up - Clinton has more scandals in the news lately. VOTE TRUMP
The salt is burning through my computer screen
The only lately that matters is yesterday and in that timeframe, your count is wrong.
Yesterday, Trump kicked out a black supporter and called him a thug and the FBI found emails they'd already seen on a computer that they probably knew would have such emails. The latter is literally nothing new, whereas the former is a new action based on consistently racist behavior.
>emails they'd already seen on a computer that they probably knew would have such emails When had they seen them? >whereas the former is a new action based on consistently racist behavior. So old news
Uhhh, good sarcasm? Poe's Law... everything you said about Trump is worst than what you said about Clinton.
I don't know how this isn't the top comment. It's perfect really.
im canadian and even on our news it talks about hillary saying gay marriage was bad in 1992, talks about how she called blacks super predators lol, says that she said it was a video in Benghazi that caused the attack, says how she mistreated the woman of bill clintons sex scandals as well, what the fuck news are you watching lmao ours paints them both as cancerous
I think he or she forgot this: /s
It's the media's job to create a horse race so they can make more money. It makes perfect sense that they'd publish stories about both sides because while individual journalists may care about the "story" the companies only care about the dollar. The media has been painting Clinton negatively in order to generate controversy and get that advertising money, just like they do with trump. Yet somehow there's this vast media conspiracy to trash Trump. Yeah, ok.
Just like Hillary said she would release her transcripts.
When did she says this? The only thing I can find is that she said she would if all other presidential candidates did the same, but that doesn't seem to have happened. (Of course, without Trump's tax returns, we don't even know how many speeches he gave, or to whom.)
They were released. There was nothing in them. She probably didn't want to violate the trust between her and the banking companies. Or she didn't want them to know she told the same information to every bank so no one got the upper hand. Either way, there was nothing meaningful in them.
Wow you are so misinformed and such a sheep it scares me
Say something meaningful. Make an argument against mine. Nothing identifies a sheep like someone who calls people sheep without making a suitable argument to the contrary. You're literally spewing propaganda and proving you're incapable of forming an argument to to back up your statement. A sure sign that someone is operating in sheep mode.
Fair enough. When did she release her speech transcripts like you said?
Wikileaks released them. Which absolves her from any legal or trust issues with the banks she made the speeches to. Best of both worlds in my opinion. Especially since we now know that they were mundane to begin with. The most critical thing she said was "I think a good leader should have a role in both the public and private sector" or something to that nature. She also said she dreams of a world with free trade across open borders. They sounded like a grad school economics final paper. Wikileaks is a avid Trump supporter. Assange has made that clear as day. If he truly had access to the speeches and what he released was real, there is no way he would've held back anything that would be character damaging to Clinton. If Assange didn't release a "bombshell", either it is bried deeper than he could dig up, or it doesn't exist in speech form. Based on her emails, and the speeches that were released the most likely story is they don't exist.
There where damaging things in there otherwise she would've released them long ago. I don't think Wikileaks has a side, they just like exposing the truth. It just so happens that Hillary Clinton is the most corrupt person to ever run for president. My apologies I thought in your first statement that you had thought that Hillary herself released them not Wikileaks doing it for her.
Im flabbergasted at how little you know about the subject matter you brought up. Every sentence in your comment is wrong. They are all things that can be confirm with Google searches that I will not do for you. When you have done so little research and still willing to make a comment on the matter, there is nothing I can do for you. You are too far gone. Sorry that you have to suffer with your condition.
Name one thing that is factually wrong and not just against your opinion. You Hillary supporters are all the same. Tolerant until someone has a different opinion than you then you say I have a "condition". Michelle saying "when they go low we go high" is the biggest fucking joke I've ever heard.
You continue to reply but you still havent done the proper homework. Its like you enjoy sounding like a bafoon. But I guess like candidate like supporter. https://youtu.be/pqLCCVHwDec
Where did she claim she'd release them unconditionally? She said she'd release her transcripts when Donald and Bernie released their tax records. I think we know how that worked out. But /u/consistentlyslippery never said she released them - just that they were released.
no no.. she said she'd release her transcripts when the other candidates did.. not tax records.. > [Mrs. Clinton has said she will release the transcripts only when all other presidential candidates do the same.](http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/jun/1/hillary-clintons-wall-street-speech-transcripts-an/) nice try on twisting the story to fit your agenda though..
Yes, that was the discussion at one point. There were [multiple](http://www.breitbart.com/video/2016/05/03/hillary-ill-release-speech-transcripts-trump-releases-taxes/) [discussions](http://www.cnsnews.com/news/article/susan-jones/clinton-says-shell-release-her-speech-transcripts-if-everybody-agrees-do-it) on the [topic](http://www.newsmax.com/Politics/Hillary-Trump-Sanders-Tax-Return/2016/04/15/id/724132/), though. (note the Trump-friendly sources) M'agenda
Wikileaks released them a few weeks ago. Another big nothingburger, just like her emails. Surprised a Trump supporter would know so little about what they're accusing other people of knowing nothing about. http://www.cnn.com/2016/10/15/politics/wikileaks-hillary-clinton-goldman-sachs-speeches/
A nothing burger that contained her saying she wanted open borders and that its important to have a "public and private position" along with many other things.
Yeah, again I'm shocked a Trump supporter doesn't know as much about what they're talking about as they seem to think. Did you even listen to Hillary answer the question she received regarding that in the debate? Did you even read the email in question? edit: if you get bored of being ignorant and just repeating the idiotic headlines that are posted to the_donald just read the source material and see what she said herself, it is available on wikileaks: https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/927
I know more about the election than you and just because I misinterpreted his original comment makes me neither ignorant nor idiotic and it really shows how quick to judge people holding opposing viewpoints Hillary supporters are. I thought that he thought that Hillary had released them herself hence my shock. I have in fact seen her response. I have also seen how she dodged the "public and private position" question citing Abe Lincoln in her answer. Everything that comes out of her mouth she is hoping that she isn't proved wrong later on.
> I have also seen how she dodged the "public and private position" question citing Abe Lincoln in her answer. You are showing your ignorance again. Go ahead and read the email the public and private position was referencing, then get back to me and explain why her answer made sense. If you can't do that it's because you didn't read the email, you're willfully ignorant, or you're just stupid. edit: or just downvote me because you wish to remain ignorant
Good thing, she's gonna need a job November 8th
So you didn't read them then?
Oh I dont give a sh*t. I already voted for Hillary in early voting in my state. I just follow the news cause Im an informed citizen. There's hundreds of news oulets whi sifted through them. Theyre available in raw form. If you care so much why dont you read them?
I did read them. Some genuinely concerning stuff. Probably most concerning is that she almost certainly shared classified information with the bankers. This is, of course, juxtaposed against the new knowledge that Citibank essentially selected Obama's cabinet.
Who released them?
Didn't Wikileaks do that already?
It's All But Official = Unofficial
Why would anyone expect that he would release them now?
When it comes down to it. We know a helluva lot more about Clinton than we do about Trump.
People do care and he knows what a massive destructive bomb those facts about his real wealth and how is gets it..he doesn't play US taxes and never has but the real problem he'd face is who he really is..all the destructive behavior he's done over the years, he brags about destroying people anyway he can. No..his tax returns would kill him even faster then he's already killed himself.
Can someone explain why this is even relevant? Warren buffet is an investor, who doesn't have any competition so has no negative incentive to release his taxes, but Trump almost only deals in real estate where there is a lot of competition. Isn't that actually good business to not release his taxes? Plus focusing on literally any other aspect of him or his campaign is both more amusing and more damaging to him.
> Can someone explain why this is even relevant? It isn't in any way.
He has a choice. He can be a politician or a businessman. He can't have it both ways.
http://www.taxhistory.org/www/website.nsf/Web/PresidentialTaxReturns?OpenDocument
Funny, he's one of the most taxing people ever. You'd think somehow that would translate. He is a master of the big lie, but too ignorant to know what that references. So 1935. Meanwhile, he's hanging a sunk (not sinking) campaign (sic) on the blind hope that HC will have some 11th hour crisis? Sounds a lot like he is hoping Steiner will come to his rescue.
Not saying I support one over the other, but I wouldn't release my tax statement either.
Why does anyone care about his tax returns? I'm not a Trump supporter by any stretch of the imagination. But I fail to see the relevance of releasing your tax returns. All it shows is that you released a piece of paper that may or may not be accurate. The IRS is unable to confirm or deny whether the tax returns you release are the same copy they have on file. You could make up anything you want and release it and there is no way to verify it. Now if the IRS released your tax returns, that might be interesting. But even then, my only interest in looking at them would be to see if you have some trick that I should be using. What anyone makes, and what deductions they take are none of my business. Unless there's something actually illegal in those tax returns, who cares? And if is, then it's the job of the IRS to catch them, not you and me.
From what I know we could see where he has lied or not lied. We could see who he's done business with and if he paid them. We could see if he is close to debt or not. Also to me which I support neither of them, it's just odd he's the only candidate in history to not release them.
No candidate before Nixon ever released them. So, no, he's not the first candidate in history. And again, these are his personal taxes. These are not his corporate taxes. All he's really doing is collecting a paycheck from The Trump Organization and from licensing his name out. I don't think his taxes would show all that much. I know he's claimed he can't release them, because he's being audited. I don't know if I believe that. Either way, I don't care. I have never looked at the tax returns of any of the candidates in any of the elections I have voted in. I know Mitt Romney was very hesitant to release his taxes, because he's like the 1% of the 1% and though his income would influence the election. When he finally did reveal it, it showed him being worth around $250 million. Shows how worthless revealing your tax returns.
Why shouldn't Trump release his tax returns?
Totally doesn't have any questionable ties, but emails amirite?
Was anyone really expecting him to at this point? I wasn't.
He's already admitted to not paying federal taxes for the past 20 years, I think it's only about finding out how much he's actually worth vs. what he claims.
Trump's entire brand is based on his perceived credibility as a successful billionaire. He's even threatened to sue publications that have mistakenly called him a millionaire. This indicates that his tax returns contain various unsavvy business practices, which negates the credibility his company is based upon. He knows he's going to lose the election, no matter what his constituents say. Once that happens he returns to being an entrepreneur, and he's not going to jeopardize his wealth or the future of his company.
it just seems so weird, he's suing Palm Beach County for $100m because he doesn't want the airplanes flying over Mar-a-Lago, he's suing Ossining, NY on a tax valuation to save $400k or so in taxes (meh), but just this October, the Ontario Court of Appeals ruled that Trump, together with two principals of a connected developer, could be sued for various claims, including oppression, collusion and breach of fiduciary duties, in relation to his role in the marketing of units in the Trump International Hotel and Tower. JCF announced it was seeking court approval under bankruptcy law to have the building sold in order to recoup its debt of $301m. It goes on and on, but he's dealing with all this in addition to running for president ... ?
I also find it interesting that a very small percentage of his law suits ever make it to court, let alone get settled. I think he just wants to insulate himself from any threats to his brand or his company's valuation. But to your point about fighting battles on multiple fronts, I don't think Trump's the type of businessman to do much of the heavy lifting himself. Even his book 'The Art of the Deal' was ghostwritten by an author who has since described him as inept in matters of business.
Yeah, but I think a lot of them do. That lawsuit about the flag? It was settled when the town asked him to make a donation to the veterans. He made a donation to a veteran's home, real estate really, through his foundation, bragged about it being something else. The suits that took his Taj Mahal and Trump Entertainment away did make it to court. I'd imagine ... if you want to believe Branson (no i don't, but) ... this is the event from which Trump is out for revenge. Storybook over, but that must have been a pretty hard time for him, I'd see how he'd go for revenge. Big time. Still it looks as though he's about to lose more. With major banks having blackballed him, except for a private division of Deutsche Bank ... still seems very problematic.
...or they contain REALLY savvy business practices that are so convoluted (like the tax code they exploit) that the average American would be pissed to see that he's paying zero in taxes. As a small business owner, my taxable income is significantly (but legally) less than it probably should be compared to a regular employee making the same gross wages. I can only imagine what Trump's look like.
Serious question: found this quote from Ivanka. With Middle East hotels would trump pay taxes or keep the money there? She added: “Dubai is a top priority city for us. We are looking at multiple opportunities in Abu Dhabi, in Qatar, in Saudi Arabia"
So I can't post on the enoughtrumpspam Reddit. Did I get blocked??? I've never left a comment or posted anything before so how did I get banned??? Well here's some thoughts: The problem with trump supporters is there voting "against" Hilary and not voting "for" trump. Honestly it could be any republican and they would still say vote against Hilary but the people I know aren't voting for they are voting against. This is a personal opinion but this is my first ever election I can vote for and it's very stressful every time I see it the news it makes me nervous. Regardless of who you are voting for this country it is very divided. They're is so much hate between the two parties I feel like that's not going to help the nation one bit. It will be interesting if either of them can help stop the discourse if they win. Honestly the hardest part for me when I was filling out the ballot was the amendments or laws because I'll be real none of them really effected me (or at least not yet) one was about lowering taxes on farm land or something and I just said yes because I thought even though it didn't effect me it probably helps the farmers. Also one was really confusing and I looked it up and it was just giving more funding to museums like why couldn't they have just said that? If one thing that hasn't really been talked about is the next Supreme Court justice and I'm really heated about it. The fact everybody acknowledges that 4 usually side democrat and 4 usually decide republican isn't how it works! Now whoever is the 9th will decide which party has a lot of power. Since you know I didn't want to rant and honestly I'll probably get some shit for it but the reason I'm not voting for trump is because of his ideologies. I don't know much about the past of the party but I've been told the Republican Party has changed drastically in the last few years and honestly the Values I read in the textbooks are not what is today. I could see that the party would not exist afterwords. Back to his ideologies I just find them disrespectful and honestly I've lost all respect for some of my friends on facebook who are voting for him. Most of the reason I dislike trump is because I don't really like his social views gay marriage and stuff like that. I love how republicans when the use the term "family values" that basically means no gays or abortions. In recap this election doesn't seem like an election I watched the debates for the first time ever and it was a mess and some of the stuff trump said was scary. The media is way to blown out this shit and honestly fuck r/Donald. I remember all the shit with the previous elections and really it was just about how Obama was black. but now I see comments on YouTube like "I'm going to miss Obama." If anything I'm scared of my future getting fucked by old retired white men and my generation says shit like "they're both evil" or "I'm not going to vote" your vote is important and honestly if I could change some things is it would maybe be mandatory to vote and go back to paper I don't trust the computers with my vote so I'm glad I mailed my in.
This article says nothing that we didn't already know, and certainly not what the title implies. Note that I'm convinced he'll never release his tax returns, but the clickbait article seems to imply Trump officially said he won't release his tax returns. This is not the case. He and his surrogates are still claiming that he will at some point in the future (which I think is a lie).
You're still holding on to this? How pathetic can you people get?
The Great Tax Wall of Trump!
Delicious salt.
Their just too embarrassing and even some of his strongest supporters would be appalled by them.
Why hasn't wikileaks leaked trump's tax returns yet?
obtain trump tax returns and send them to wikileaks and they probably will. otherwise, stfu and educate yourself about the things youre talking about. wikileaks didnt hack the dnc you insipid little worm, a third party hacked them and gave the information to wikileaks.
Wikileaks is on Trump's side. They only go after the Democrats.
Because they're working with Putin to ensure a Trump presidency.
How the fuck did that happen?! What the shit do they have against the Democrats, just because they had control of government when they went nuclear. They're supposed to be about free information ffs, they shouldn't have an agenda it's absurd.
They do have an agenda. They had Russian data, but never released it. So they absolutely have an agenda. If you ask me for a source, just lookup for Assange tweets.
No, I understand they do, its just shocking. Trump would kill them all publicly for what they've already done.
Yeah and Hillary won't release her emails. Good thing the FBI has them now.
Why would she release classified emails. Do you have a brain? lol.
Wouldn't it be nice of wikileaks to stop practically being in Trumps pocket and somehow get ahold of his tax returns?
I'm pretty sure - but don't quote me - that Assange said he had dirt on Trump but he's not releasing it.
So much for being a non-partisan revealer of 'truth'.
Donald isn't a billionaire.
He holds more than 7 billion in assets. It's very easy to find. That's a very old and easily refutable claim.
That's something only proven by tax returns...oh wait.
Who can blame him for taking advantage of the same loopholes that politicians leave open for their donor buddies to slip through every day. It's like this, when a security company wants to win they hire former thieves to design their security system. When you want to fix the corrupt Washington machine, who better to hire than someone that has rode that horse for years?
It's All But Official: ~~Billionaire~~ Millionaire Donald Trump Won't Release His Tax Returns
It should be a requirement to run for President - not just a 'request' You don't get to throw your hat in the ring unless your tax returns are in it.
>It should be a requirement to run for President So should not being investigated by the FBI, but, here we are.
I agree, you also shouldn't be able to run for president if you've taken donations from foreign governments or are currently under investigation by the FBI
Why?
Totally. When you're under FBI investigation you shouldn't be allowed to run as well!
What about presumption of innocence?
If that was the case, the FBI could literally open investigations on anyone they want to get out of the running.
Or waiting for a sexual assault trial! Oh wait. That's Trump.
So your political opponent can pressure the FBI to put you under investigation every time you try and run for office? If that isn't an avenue for corruption, then I don't k ow what is.
Under investigation does not imply guilt. Not at all. It's also worth noting that, as of right now, the new emails haven't even been read by the FBI. At the time Comey's letter was tweeted out, the FBI had t even had a warrant to get these emails.
Our president should be beyond reproach. If she were a normal person we all know she would be in jail.
No, she wouldn't.
I did not know this. Would you kindly link me something that shows the laws she actually broke? I guess I missed those.
Why? The financial disclosure is required, and that's actually much more detailed in the ways that actually matter (which companies you are invested in). The additional information on the tax return is just stuff that the government already knows (obviously), and honestly isn't very important. Additionally, your requirement would make it illegal to run for president if you didn't file a tax return (which is not legally required if you make under ~$10,000 per year).
Let's be realistic here. Poor people can't run for President.
Embarrassing for voters to sit back and take this shit from Hillary when she won't release her 33,000 emails.
Of course he wont, Trump is a coward
He uses the exact same tax laws that Clinton and every politician use. Another non story. Clinton may be outraged at the FBI, after praising them in July, but she has no one to blame but herself.
That makes him smart, right?
FBI investigation
[I can handle things... I'm smart! Not like everybody says! Like, dumb! I'm smart... and I want respect!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgHXHtHSsNo)
Lol really this is what's on the Politics subreddit? Not the fact that Hillary is married to a rapist and her aide is married to a PEDO? And how that pedo is going to end up getting Hillary in prison.. Awww poetic justice
Donald Trump raped a child
lol ok buddy
Source?
Google Donald trump rape case.
No. Provide a source. Google is bias anyway.
Two scenarios * He didn't do it: this would make sense based simply on the timing. Not gonna lie, if this really did happen to her, this is literally the worst time for her to come forward with it in regards to being believed. Red flag. * He did it: makes him downright presidential seeing as how Bill Clinton raped multiple children while president. Pick your poison.
Why would it make sense based on the timing? It was during the time Epstein was throwing all those parties, and it was when they were good friends. If we are gonna throw Bill under the bus lets throw every other single president in history. Especially kennedy.
> Why would it make sense based on the timing? It was during the time Epstein was throwing all those parties, and it was when they were good friends. No I mean the timing of her coming forward. In the third debate he was asked about the case and he had a very reasonable response: Hillary's campaign put her up to it. It's certainly plausible especially in light of ~~WikiLeaks~~ **those filthy Russian lies** and ~~the Veritas Videos~~ **doctored CGI footage of DNC officials explaining how they commit voter fraud who later got fired for it** casting the **horrid lies that** Hillary is an unscrupulous, #NastyWoman who has the means and motive to do just that. That timing. > If we are gonna throw Bill under the bus lets throw every other single president in history. Especially kennedy. Yes. Like I said. Presidential.
He is said child.
Trial begins in December. https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/oct/12/donald-trump-jeffrey-epstein-alleged-rape-lawsuit
Thank you, finally someone actually replying with a link. So Trump denies it and the accusor refuses to go public? That smells. It wouldnt surprise me if this was completely false. Im just glad he wasnt caught bragging about getting a rapist off or actually raping several people and those people having gone public with their story. I guess we will have to see. But it really makes zero sense for a billionaire to rape an underage child when he could literally find or pay for a supermodel to get his rocks off. Again this smells of BULLSHIT.
You do know that Juanita, Bill's accuser, signed an affidavit that none of the events she claims happened right? That Clinton wasn't, in fact, laughing about getting a rapist off. So that smell isnt coming from the direction you would like. You think what you are offering up is logic, you are wrong. Reality works the opposite of what you want also.
What about Kathy Willey? Paula Jones? Did they get paid off to sign an affidavit? Or what about Hillary saying that she lost faith in the use of polygraphs after questioning Kathy Shelton's rapist? Edit: a word
Kathleen Willey also signed an affidavit saying nothing happened instead of perjuring herself, same reasons Juanita gave. Why would Paula Jones, a jilted mistress who settled out of court, like Trump has literally hundreds of times do something. She wasn't sexually assaulted she was always just looking for a payday and found another one in Trump who is too stupid to realize this. Also, she lost faith in polygraphs, which everyone knows are inadmissable in court, because he passed it despite being guilty. But I bet you're just repeating a talking point you heard and didn't know the reality of what happened. Not really surprising that you would have a tenuous grasp on reality.
Yet he wanted Obama to release his birth certificate.
so did the dems in 2008 edit: downvote me all you want, your party started that shit
He said he would when she released her 30,000 deleted emails. The ball is in her court.
He's been lying and moving the goalposts on releasing his tax returns for years. Why would anyone believe him now? > “Maybe I’m going to do the tax returns when Obama does his birth certificate,” Trump told ABC’s George Stephanopoulos in 2011. Obama did, Trump didn't. > In 2014, he told an Irish television show, “If I decide to run for office, I’ll produce my tax returns, absolutely.” And he did, right? > "Will you release any of your tax returns for the public to scrutinize?" NBC’s Chuck Todd asked Trump in January 2016. "Well, we're working on that now. I have very big returns, as you know, and I have everything all approved and very beautiful and we'll be working that over in the next period of time, Chuck. Absolutely," Trump replied. Clearly. > Trump told the Today Show in February 2016 that he’ll release his tax returns "probably over the next few months." So yes, he'll TOTALLY release his tax returns just as soon as Clinton produces something that no longer exists. Sure...
The point is if your own candidate has intentionally deleted information that was subpoenaed by the FBI maybe she loses the right to demand her opponent to turn over much of anything.
How she would release something which was deleted?
Exactly. Maybe the bigger question is why was it deleted after the subpoena was ordered? Maybe Trump should just delete his tax return and all of r/politics will give him a pass too.
Well then, there's the rub. She hid everything she could get away with. Stuff that really is supposed to be freedom of information stuff or at very least government records. His taxes are private. There is no legal reason he should release his returns.
I'd put money down on him moving the goalpost.
So this is how clinton is gonna try and clout the air about her FBI investigation?
Trump is a super narcissist, he would love nothing better than to have an actual legitimate reason to have his tax returns seen all over the world, **unless** they would expose a mountain of lies.
This subreddit is quite pathetic and desperate. Your candidate is on the verge of indictment and your still worried about how much Trump makes. Sickening
Nah were worried about how much money hes donating to russian entities.
In other news: the Clinton campaign is literally over as her emails and Foundation are under investigation by NYPD, NY FBI and DC FBI.
Quick! Distract from **BOTH** ongoing FBI investigations into Hillary. They just got issued their warrant, and no warrant required for wieners laptop. 
> BOTH what
HRC is currently under two separate FBI investigations. One is focused on the Foundation and has been ongoing. The other is into her emails which has been ongoing. She's deff making history!!  **E:** Even WSJ are reporting on this. Downvotes don't bother prosecutors. Sorry 
What's with white male teens and smiley faces?
What is it with Hillary and breaking the law??
Curious assertion considering she has never been convicted of breaking the law. Get out of your basement. Tomorrow will be a better day for you.
[removed]
Aww, your teen is showing again. Look, I'm sorry your feels don't match up with reality.
> One is focused on the Foundation and has been ongoing support for this notion seems sketchy.
never expected the coward to, all he does is lie.
Maybe ask Wikileaks to release his tax returns, kinda like Hillary's: emails, Wall Street speeches, foreign investors, million+ dollar donations from non-US entities?
Assange has pledged allegiance to Russia/Trump. He literally said he has dirt on trump but WON'T release it for political reasons.
source?
I'm sure. Any billionaire has dirt, to include Buffet. The Buffet Foundation has a lot of dirt as well. Point being, Hillary camp bouting about tax returns isn't much firepower against the accusations of Treason from Hillary.
It's not as if Trump insists that other people release documents.
Seriously? Seriously. /r/politics are you being ironic?! The biggest political scandal since Watergate just broke. The FBI is dropping new details by the hour...and you expect us to believe actually redditors are upvoting a post about Trumps tax returns? SERIOUSLY?
It's disgusting
It's not the biggest scandal since Watergate. Or have you forgotten about the made up weapons of mass destruction that Cheney & Bush gave as a reason for our invasions into the Middle East?
Trump's polling has been abysmal, so I suppose his supporters are terribly desperate. Hence why so many comments here are about Hillary nonstop.
If NYPD sources are right, it's bigger than Watergate.
The other candidate is under two FBI CRIMINAL investigations and the huffpost is still talking about tax returns? I'm glad Trump is going to win, if only to spite these dumbass writers with their dumbass agendas.
Lol who gives a fuck at this point. He lost a billion dollars in the 90's and he made a comeback - and then he wrote a book about it. Meanwhile Hillary Clinton is the most corrupt individual to ever seek the presidency. People are going to have to try a lot harder to attack Trump now.
He also won't release any legitimate medical records either, let's not forget.
Yeah I'm worried about Trump's health when he does 3 rallies a day in different states, while Hillary is bed ridden. Let's not forget that either.
Yeah I'm a little worried because it's a 70 year old man who's been pictured a couple of times eating fast food, and got a doctor's note from the alien scientist from fucking Independence Day. By the way, "bedridden"? Way to blow any credibility you might have had, dipshit.
I thought his doctor said he had a complete medical exam that showed only positive results, which is what I think Mr. Burns had.
Oh shit! Really? Well never mind then my bad. He's legit. /s
It's cute all the Hillary supporters are still crying about tax returns when their candidates campaign just got nuked, her crimes will be exposed, and shes going to lose the election. Good times ahead, the liberal tears are going to be delicious.
Go ahead and say Madam President Clinton.
Tough shit. Cry more about it.
>Tough shit. Cry more about it. Or y'know, vote against him.
**BREAKING NEWS** The IRS has just released a letter regarding this! "We are writing to inform congress that information has come to light that could lead to a new investigation into Mr. Trump's tax returns. We will be reviewing the evidence over the next 2 weeks to decide if an investigation is necessary. At this stage, nobody at the IRS has seen the evidence and we don't know if it is or is not relevant to Mr. Trump's taxes" Oh wait, they didn't do that, because it would be totally fucking inappropriate.
Because it isn't true? Not to mention there is nothing in his tax returns that would invalidate his candidacy, Clinton in the other hand should have had her security clearance revoked in July and still might. Do you want our investigative agencies to not investigate things? like Hillary's state department wanted?
That and they don't need to investigate his taxes. He hasn't broken the law. Hillary on the other hand..
>That and they don't need to investigate his taxes. He hasn't broken the law. >Hillary on the other hand.. Yeah, it's not like he's being audited!
You are aware that an IRS audit is routine whereas an FBI investigation is not, right?
Most multi-million dollar corporations are regularly audited, what's your point?
Also hasn't broken the law, at least not according to the FBI *or the law*.
How blind are you?
Not true.
Just because you want her to have broken the law doesn't mean she did.
Just because you want something evil in Trump's tax returns doesn't mean there is.
Well, we already found out he lost a billion dollars. I wonder what else he is hiding.
I don't know either but i'm still on the chapter about him losing a billion dollars in his book. The suspense is killing me I wonder what he's hiding next.
People knew about that when it happened, then went on to praise him for recovering.
A bold move the "nuh-uh" defense.
[Here you go](https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/2071) **18 U.S. Code § 2071 - Concealment, removal, or mutilation generally** >(a) Whoever willfully and unlawfully conceals, removes, mutilates, obliterates, or destroys, or attempts to do so, or, with intent to do so takes and carries away any record, proceeding, map, book, paper, document, or other thing, filed or deposited with any clerk or officer of any court of the United States, or in any public office, or with any judicial or public officer of the United States, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than three years, or both. >(b) Whoever, having the custody of any such record, proceeding, map, book, document, paper, or other thing, willfully and unlawfully conceals, removes, mutilates, obliterates, falsifies, or destroys the same, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than three years, or both; and shall forfeit his office and be disqualified from holding any office under the United States. As used in this subsection, the term “office” does not include the office held by any person as a retired officer of the Armed Forces of the United States.
As much as I can't truthfully say you have no understanding of the US legal system and the application/violation or of its statutes, I will have to defer to the Department of Justices' understanding. By mere fact that she has not been charged with any violation of this law I would have to conclude that your assessment of her violating the law is incorrect at best.
If they're incapable of applying the law as intended then it is a deficiency of theirs, not mine.
Again I will say, if you saying you that you know the proper application of the law better than the US Attorney General and the Director of the FBI, I will have to disagree short of some greater evidence on your part.
Oh, my apologies. I haven't read up on her criminal convictions, could to link them to me please?
[deleted]
Come now friend, surely the "ignorant asshats" are the ones saying someone with no criminal convictions is in fact a criminal. No brainwashing required for that little leap. About the (possible) perjury, that's a strange area in the law. It's not particularly easy to prosecute and, in fact, is rarely pursued at all. I don't think it's unreasonable to both hold that against her while also expecting more when someone says she's broken the law. Like I said, I was looking for a link to something that would clarify to me why someone would say she's a criminal, that's all.
[deleted]
Yeah but he asked about *convictions*. shills are going to make you run in circles. They know she's guilty.
I actually responded to him a half hour before you said this. Look friend, I'm trying to legitimately see another point of view, no need for this kind of comment.
Perjury absolutely requires intent by the way. Your second and third points only became illegal after Clinton was replaced as Secretary of State, but is certainly still reasonable to be angry about. Although not the first to do either, she obviously knew better and shouldn't have broken protocol as she did. I can't actually find anything one way or the other about sharing classified information with your lawyer, but surely this must be allowed. How else can a lawyer defend their client? If this is not the case, could you kindly link me something that says otherwise or at least tell me the name of the law for me to look it up myself? I'm legitimately curious about this one.
>Perjury absolutely requires intent by the way. My bad. Unless Hillary is the dumbest person on planet earth, there is absolutely no reason to assume she wouldn't receive classified emails as SoS. Even more damning is that we have emails of her specifically asking aides to strip classified headers to be forwarded. She knew she was sending/recieving classified info. There is a clear intent here to do so. As in, this shit be illegal m80. >not the first, weren't illegal till after, etc. Assuming you're referencing SoS Powell, he was the first to ever use the system. Regulations were still being processed and many that are now in place weren't back then. HRC was SoS during a time where having a private server wasn't illegal, so long as you had permission. She didn't have permission. Even further, she illegally stored classified info on said unauthorized server. None of these require intent to be breaking the law. >I can't actually find anything one way or the other about sharing classified information with your lawyer Lawyers didn't have clearance to view top secret information. She allowed them to have access to top secret emails. This is textbook illegal. Here's a transcript of the testimony if it helps. Clinton office claims laywers had clearance, FBI says otherwise. This is a small point regardless, and certainly not the go-to argument like setting up an unauthorized server to begin with. http://www.politico.com/blogs/james-comey-testimony/2016/07/comey-clinton-classified-information-225245
Convictions? No, she's proven to be far too connected to the POTUS and Justice Department to allow that to happen. The tide seems to be turning though as the level of corruption and cover up by her campaign, the DNC, the White House, et al, can no longer be contained. https://medium.com/@trentlapinski/wikileaks-proves-fbi-covered-up-hillary-clintons-private-e-mail-server-to-protect-president-eb32ab91384c#.l8iq2y65b https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kypl1MYuKDY https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V3mC2wl_W1c http://republicbroadcasting.org/news/pulitzer-prize-winning-journalist-hillary-approved-sending-sarin-gas-to-rebels-to-frame-assad-start-syrian-war/ http://theweek.com/speedreads/657421/obama-claimed-didnt-know-about-clintons-email-server-wikileaks-just-proved-thats-not-true http://www.huffingtonpost.com/medea-benjamin/hillary-clinton-the-podes_b_11779826.html https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/790384693384474624 http://truepundit.com/pentagon-hillary-clinton-should-be-arrested-for-leaking-top-secret-nuclear-intelligence-on-national-tv/ https://i.sli.mg/rcDu8m.jpg Hillary superpac directly linked to the fake pedo charges against Assange https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-k-UQ95wWc Hillary Clinton revealed Classified Information about the raid on Osama Bin laden in a paid speech to Canadian bankers https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/2265 Elijah Cummings And Others Dems Leaked Information To Hillary’s Lawyers While Being Part Of The Special Committee on Benghazi Shall I continue?
Is that why they're investigating her illegal email server again? For shits and giggles?
They aren't doing it again. The investigation was never closed. The only way an investigation of this type becomes closed is when there has been a conviction.
Lmao as if *only one* federal investigation by the FBI is much better. It's still a horrendous embarrassment to the nation that she's even being considered for presidency.
I'd rather have a president who did something stupid while not being illegal than one awaiting both a fraud and rape trials.https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/oct/12/donald-trump-jeffrey-epstein-alleged-rape-lawsuit Embarrassing indeed.
Oooh.... you didn't hear about how that entire story was fabricated by an ex-manager from the Jerry Springer show? Old news, mate. Talk about embarrassing...
No. But I never hear about imaginary occurrences. Yes, quite embarrassing.
[...shouldn't even be allowed to run for office.](https://i.redd.it/5vr5d8mjtmux.jpg)
[...shouldn't even be allowed to run for office.](https://i.redd.it/5vr5d8mjtmux.jpg)
How do we know this tax return stuff isn't just part of the Russian conspiracy to rig the election? I think we should just ignore this
Nobody cares! Talk about actual politics instead of shitting your propaganda diarrhea all over the front page!
> Talk about actual politics instead of shitting your propaganda diarrhea all over the front page! That's a pretty rich request from someone who posts on a subreddit dedicated to vote-manipulating deceptive videos and fake campaign advertisements to the front page.
Haha. Ok.
That's ok, he doesn't have to. They are probably on Anthony Wiener's computer.
I knew this was going to become a thing for Republicans after Romney did only a year and a half. I'm sure he cherry-picked gains to even get up to 14%. We need a lot more than that to make an informed decision.
Say you make 1000000 in one year and your accountant says "there's a legally binding law that says you don't have to pay taxes on your dollar amount for this year." You would say OK and not pay taxes on it. Say you wouldn't and I'll call you a liar.
People still care about this? lol how sad is the Hillary camp that this is all they got
Hahaha not by a longshot.
DAE NAMBLA RAPE RACISM BIGOTRY? It's so boring
Oh, there's so much more than that. There's all his super shady business dealings, but you don't care, and I imagine you, like everyone else, will respond "but Hillary -- but emails -- but Bill." Just once I want to see somebody defend Trump without trashing Hillary. I don't think it's possible.
of course not. he's been a fake and a liar his entire life.
Now that we've let one of them take a pass, they'll all want to now. That's how precedent works.
We all know he wouldn't do it. Look at all the instances where he would release his tax returns when someone else releases something. Release tax returns if Obama release his long-form birth certificate? Nope nothing. Calls out Warren Buffet because he claims that he does the same shit on his tax returns? Nope Buffet releases all of his returns since he was like 13. Trump can easily be proved wrong but people won't believe it because it's "rigged." It's what happens when you are anti-intellectual.
I literally could not care less at all whether he or anyone else release their tax returns, not at all.
Why won't Comey release FBI's bombshell evidence that Putin has been funding Trump's campaign and Trump giving top secret briefing data back to the Kremlin?
We're still talking about this? Jesus.
Yes, because it is a major issue that Trump refuses to be honest with the American voters.
What? The tax dodging crook won't release his tax returns?? The Russian bankers must be thrilled.
Nothing Trump did was illegal. He used the tax code in his favor, just as any smart business man would do.
We don't know what Trump has done, because he won't release his tax returns. For all we know, the IRS is auditing him because they suspect him of some serious tax evasion.
Then why won't he release his returns?
You do realize the IRS does have his returns, right? If he did anything illegal, he would of been arrested for tax fraud long ago.
It's not about whether or not he did anything illegal. It's about what the guy running for president's interests are.
His tax returns are private. He doesn't have to show them.
You are completely right. But the fact is it is something that is normally done and there is nothing wrong with reminding people.
It's a bad tradition. He shouldn't have to do something because someone claims "it's tradition". Until it is law then it's a stupid point.
Which is why I said you're right. He doesn't have to do it. But that also means people are allowed to question his ability to do the thing he says he does "better than anybody". I have no proof Trump is a successful businessman. What I can prove is that he is exceptional at taking handouts and failing upward.
And please feel free to continue the democrat tradition of screaming about an anthill while ignoring a mountain of Hillary emails. We're done here.
that's fine. You have fun making mountains out of molehills too.
If you take stock of the current political climate reminding people of the tax return issue right now is like telling the man whose house is on fire that it might rain tomorrow. Much bigger and pressing issues going on right now regarding the FBI investigation into HRC.
Well, it is huffpo. Not exactly the bastion of non partisan politics.
Then he doesn't get to be President. What's he hiding?
Can you show me the law?
>"And always, I will follow and abide by all of the rules and traditions of all of the many candidates who have come before me. Always." - Trump Would you consider the releasing of tax returns a tradition of candidates?
> Would you consider the releasing of tax returns a tradition of candidates? No. And even if it were, if I were running for president I would consider it an insult to even ask for my tax returns. There's no law that says it needs to be done and tax returns are a sensitive enough matter that they are private.
This is an argument based purely on convenience. Presidents since Nixon have been following this tradition. Trump is knowingly refusing to release his because, as one of his sons said, it would destroy his campaign.
Oh. So Nixon did it. So that makes it Tradition. Thanks for setting me straight. Everything Nixon did should be a sacred tradition now. Got it.
Every single one since. What hole did you climb out of to barf your ignorance upon us all?
Doesn't matter. Nixon is not the lawgiver here. Make it a law and then make it an issue. Meanwhile Hillary and her campaign break the law with impunity. So far anyway.
Lol this sub is ignoring the new investigation, but bringing up this old shit? This sub is biased as fuck
2 mega threads that topped r/all = ignored. The announcment had no substance, or else it would be being covered, like the first time the investigation opened.
HahahahahhahahahHhahHahahgahahahhahahahahahahaha It has plants substance.
it's not a "new investigation". it's "oh, there may be some new emails to review, but we don't know if they're important at all".
> Lol this sub is ignoring the new investigation Ignoring? It's been one of the most discussed topics here since Friday. >but bringing up this old shit? Never hurts to point out that not only is Trump the most unqualified person to ever run for president, but also the least transparent. >This sub is biased as fuck Feel free to go back to your safe space at /r/The_Donald if this sub is too biased for you.
Yea but, did you hear the FBI is reopening Hillary's email case?
Yes, and so far nothing shows Hillary did anything illegal. In fact, most of the emails seems to be the duplicate of the emails the fbi investigated months ago What is your point?
>In fact, most of the emails seems to be the duplicate of the emails the fbi investigated months ago You don't know that. You're speculating. >What is your point? That having the nominee of a major political party under FBI investigation is a more pressing issue than a candidate not releasing tax returns (something that isn't required), and that this subreddit, largely made up of paid shills, is trying to distract casual readers from the much more pressing issue.
Lol that's all they got ? Welcome to president Trump ,maga baby!!
Actually it's MAWA. I think the country is already pretty great.
As I've posted elsewhere, his nonpayment of taxes for years was NOT the BIG secret he's been hiding. You want an October surprise? See his tax returns! There's likely some explosive stuff on where he's gotten money, whom he owes, and who *owns* him!
Trump's hiding something. Probably business dealing with Putin.
"The American people are focused on ...." So I guess the American people calling for Trump to release his tax returns don't count?
At least he isn't under re-investigation from the FBI
We have a candidate who may very well be federally indicted, but let's focus on anything but Crooked Hillary.. . /smh
Personally I do t care. His trump returns are not a national security issue. Clintons emails are.
What's the big deal, not like there will be anything illegal in there... It's been triple verified by the IRS what do you want more ?
Yeah because seeing he actually doesn't donate much to charities and isn't worth as much as he's bragged about the past 20 years speaks nothing to his character.
At least he didn't do anything illegal. Hillary been caught lying on much more important issues. Guess it all depends what are your criteria based on the values you have.
Who really gives a shit about his taxes. If his taxes make it through the IRS then what's the big deal. Any laws of deductions he used were created and used by politicians and the donors that represent them. Lets talk about corrupt Hillary. That woman belongs in prison.
Normal people give a shit about his taxes. What crimes has Hillary been convicted of?
No. They don't. Despite what MSNBC and CNN tell you, they do not care.
I car about the ongoing corruption in Washington. What world do you people live in?
How does one car about anything?
I like how people outright don't care about Hillary taking $12m from Morocco. They just shrug it off and say, "Yeah, so what? Like she has always said: Some people are too big to jail."
Lol. Why do you care if she took $12m from Morocco? Enlighten me as to why any of that is anything more than politicians being politicians. For the record, I am not a HRC supporter (Bernie has been my guy for years now - and as much as it sucks that she beat him, with some questionable help, she's a better player of the game than Bernie is). I just don't see how Hillary's "pay for play" is any different than previous SOS. Do you think Colin Powell or Condi Rice or Mad. Albright didn't use the office they held and the power that came with it to their advantage? I mean for fucks sake, the whole email thing with Clinton, is referenced in a hacked email from Powell to Clinton, telling her that using a private device would be in her best interest in order to circumvent FOIA requests. I'm tired of the blind partisanship. Fuck both parties.
> anything more than politicians being politicians. Two wrongs make a right? You're not *seriously* saying that, right? She was caught renting out US public policy for her own personal gain.
She was caught doing that? Or is that how your side of the argument is spinning it? Where's the conviction? What are the 2 wrongs here? And do you think by asking if I'm "seriously" asking something makes your argument more credible? Trump definitely doesn't do things for his own personal gain. /s Talk about pot kettle black. I'll say it again, politicians being politicians. One is very good at it, the other isn't. Let's see if you can figure out which one is which.
Of course he won't release his returns. Hillary hasn't released the deleted emails yet.
You know, she literally can't do that.
This was never going to happen, and is being upvoted to distract from hillary's FBI problems.
Don't get why this is a big deal. I'm not a Trump supporter, but the same people clamoring to see his tax returns (which he is not legally required to release) are putting up excuse after excuse for emails Clinton intentionally deleted (which she was required to release). The only reason this is important is to show how low we've sunk as a country where politicans do not feel beholdened to the people (through the media) anymore. Hillary punishes those who asks questions and Donald threatens them. Dictatorship is coming.
I've seen donald trump time and time again threaten/sue people for speaking against him. When has Hillary "punished" anybody for saying negative things about her? PLEASE have a response that's more than "but emails" haha
Don't you know about all the people she's had murdered? It would be funny if there wasn't so much at stake, like if she really kills anyone that's a threat to her, why is Trump still alive, or Comey?
Who did she murder? Is there ANY proof?
I'm sorry, I should have put a sarcasm tag. I know she didn't murder anybody, but when push comes to shove about why Hillary has never been indicted, the hardcore people say it's because she's had like 20-some people murdered.
Haha hell yeah. Seems like I'm talking to a giant orange brick wall with so many trumpheads around here.... I just read a lot of the emails and really didn't find many "scary" things, just things like pro-open borders, abortion shit, "mocking trump" (LOL) and a few bad things like fucking with the bernie campaign. But honestly they are REALLY reaching with some of it.. "Admitting terrorists will infiltrate the Syrian refugee program" LMFAO! If that's not a loaded headline idk what is >.<
Lol the desperation in these articles coming out is hilarious.
Lol the desperation in your comments are hilarious.
Despite that, will always be a #NeverTrumper
All good, fortunately your vote is irrelevant.
Oh right because everything is RIGGED correct?
No not because of that.
Deflect
its almost like large media outlets have the capability to report on TWO different topics at the same time TWO WHOLE TOPICS THATS SO NUTS
Hillary is a criminal, this is peanuts compared to her families criminal empire. Sad:
Please deflect more It'll be over soon anyways
This? This is the top post after the Clinton bombshell? Man I miss rational discussion on this sub.
What bombshell?
America is sick and tired of hearing about his damn tax returns.
Even Hillary released her tax returns. Trump is the most corrupt politician in modern history.
He's not a politician ya bozo
He called himself a politician in the 3rd debate lol
The exact second he declared his run for presidency (the first time) he became a politician, you Lennie from Of Mice and Men.
That remark may be too highbrow for him.
You forgot your /s
Hillary has spent the last thirty years sending notes to her accountant that say "remember, I'll be running for President some day." Trump, on the other hand, probably writes off his visits to his tax havens as a business expense.
Let's see some proof. You got a copy of those letters. Oh right didn't think so.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Humour
I'm not sure if that's a defense for Trump or an agreement that he has probably done many shady things financially.
It can't be both?
Fair enough
The point I was making is that saying "Even Hillary released her tax returns" really doesn't mean anything. Of course Hillary released her tax returns. She hasn't spent decades preparing for this campaign only to forget that releasing tax returns would be expected of her. Trump, on the other hand, probably never thought that his campaign would make it this far. By the time it got to the point where tax returns became an issue, it was already way too late to clean them up. Trump doubtlessly has some really shady shit on his returns. Hillary doesn't because she's known for years that you don't put shady shit on your tax returns if you want to be president.
All Trump had to do was make sure his 2015 tax return was clean and release that, but he couldn't even manage the bare minimum.
Hahaha Hahaha hahaha I'm dying here
Good, I hope you were being literal. One less Trump cum dumpster.
Is this honestly your conclusion after examining the facts?
He's the only candidate in modern history to not release his tax returns so whatever he is hiding must be so monumentally and ultimately crippling to his chances at being President that he's willing to risk endless speculation about what he's hiding and breaking the record of being the only modern candidate to not release his tax returns. One can only imagine the horrors that are in his tax returns...I'm going to bet he's hiding some NAMBLA donations.
His tax returns must hide something worse than shooting someone on fifth avenue.
Well, given what I've seen, 10 million a year to Nambla still wouldn't qualify him as most corrupt. Maybe most disgusting.
Who knows though? For all we know Trump gives money to Putin, North Korea, bald spot scalp removal surgery...who knows? Thanks to Donald J. Trump we know that the speculation is nowhere near as bad as the reality of his tax returns must be otherwise he would release it like a legitimate candidate.
I think his reasoning beyond audit would be that the dems would use it to say he doesn't give enough to charity, etc. I personally haven't cared in awhile if they release or not...on either side. I guess I understand the Russian thing, but feel like that would be known from financial disclosure.
Well, your speculation is just as good as mine! Literally. It's worth as much as mine. Our speculation is worth exactly the same. Because Trump won't release his tax returns.
If there is something in Trumps tax returns that will destroy him, them the auditors who are auditing his tax returns right now will find it. And he already said that he would release them after the audit so this article is nothing but click bait bullshit quickly written to fill up r/politics
Why do you support him waiting until after the audit when numerous people, *including* the IRS have confirmed that your tax returns can, in fact, be released during an audit?
Because its pointless no?. What if he releases them now and there is nothing to get him on? but after the audit there is dirt on him... wouldn't it make sense to wait for the auditors to do the job for us?
It was never an issue of can....all kinds of lawyers have confirmed they would not advise someone to release while under audit.
All lawyers would never advise their client to release their returns *ever*. But politically we expect more than to act in your own best interest, which is all lawyers care about (because that's their job).
> 10 million a year to Nambla still wouldn't qualify him as most corrupt. Corrupt is not a synonym with "bad." Donating to NAMBLA wouldn't be corruption, it would just be a sign of a scumbag. Corruption would be things like bribery of politicians to influence lawsuits against your fraudulent university. Or running a sham charity foundation as a slush fund to buy yourself personal property and to pay out settlements to end lawsuits against you personally.
Clinton aide might not have given fbi a computer with emails on it. Why are we even talking about stuff about Trump? Forgot the /s. I mean, come on.
This is completely unrelated and therefore deserves no response.
Can't tell if serious or not. Trump's scandals make Hillary look like a girl scout. She's the most thoroughly vetted candidate in US history, and Trump won't even let the American people see his taxes, unlike every candidate in the past 40 years.
Right, because it's illegal to not let the American people see your taxes, right?
Lmao she's *literally* under FBI investigation. *For the second time this year*.
Explain how Trump's scandal is more serious than Hillary's because from I've seen, she has willingly destroyed evidence in an FBI investigation and Trump said bad words about women.
Are you serious? Think about what you just said.
I missed the damn /s tag. I thought it was just so obvious.
If there's one thing that Trump has done for us with this election, it's that he's made the /s tag completely mandatory.
LOL. This election has ruined sarcasm and satire.
Seriously. I don't even know. Last week we were legitimately questioning whether trump will concede when he loses and we're supposed to be all concerned about some possible emails somewhere?
This is a Poe's election.
I can't tell anymore. I've stopped trying to determine what's sarcasm or not. My bad.
No. My bad. I've overestimated the mental capabilities of trump supporters, thinking they would never say anything like that.
That's just it, though; they absolutely would, and have done so over and over. Now that I know you were joking, I can definitely see the comedy. But like someone above said, it's insanely hard to tell what's sarcasm and what's an actual opinion at this point. I can't wait for November 9th where I can wake up and not have everybody.
I wouldn't want to have everyone either. It's hard enough just having my kids.
Woops. I'm leaving it.
At this point we should just assume based on his actions he didn't pay any taxes.
The Irs have reviewed his taxes and found nothing wrong. They could be embarrassing but they most definitely are not illegal.
He found loopholes for sure. Nothing illegal most likely. Probably not as rich as he claims to be and paid no taxes.
Probably not as rich, probably found a legal way to get about taxes and probably doesn't donate as much as he claims. Definitely a reason not to like him but certainly not worth focusing on over HRC's recent debacle.
I agree. I don't like him because he made fun of a disabled reporter. The other stuff is just using on his shit cake.
Oh yea i remember that, it was like he forgot for a second he wasn't the popular dick in high school anymore.
Who the fuck cares if he did or didn't? Did he break any law? Is he under 2 FBI investigations?
Oh and there's s push to investigate him and Manafort for ties to Russia.
The only candidate with ties to Russia and illegal dealing is the Clintons.
Hmmmm. No. I don't think so.
This argument is not a good one. She is not under two investigations. She was cleared in the summer. The emails they have now are most likely duplicates. Trump however is being investigated for illegal dealings with Cuba. About to go on trial for rape of a minor. He's on trial for fraud with Trump university. He's being investigated for improper use of funds from his foundation. His foundation is under multiple investigations including bribery and impropriety. Then there are the groping allegations. He has over 75 pending lawsuits against him. I mean seriously. Wtf.
The email thing AND the Clinton crooked foundation. The rape is a hoax. And 75 lawsuits for a multi billion dollar company is probably a normal number.
I legit hope the rape one is a fake.
Keep pretending like Trump is this stand up guy. When we all know he's shadier then a dark alley. Whatever let's you sleep at night.
Not pretending anything. They can find dirt on anyone. Especially when you're a 70 billionaire. But he's running against the most corrupt politicians in modern history.
*"makes me smart"* I guarantee you a man who's lost touch with reality to the point where he'd say such a thing on national television, has illegal activity hidden in the accounting books. Behavior traits tend to fall into patterns and form profiles. No one looks at people who robbed a liquor store at gun point and thinks, "I'm sure they're upstanding citizens in every other aspect of their lives."
I mean, as far as things to criticize Trump for I can at least sorta understand that sentiment. 'The evasion is legal and people do it, I'd be dumb not to.' Just like how he makes shit in China because that's how everyone does it so you have to. I don't agree (you don't *have* to eke every penny out of everything you can, corporations just forget that with size), and I don't think removing regulations is how you fix that problem, but I can see why some people agree with that.
Shocking no one.
This is outrageous. This is the final straw. Lock him up now. This is grounds for imprisonment.
Obvious statement has been obvious for months....
But I thought Hillary was the liar?
*undocumented* tax returns
Why don't you post it when its official?
Is this really the response attack to comeys letter?
It's multi-faceted. They are attacking the director of the FBI when they were besties with him just a couple of months ago and they are trying to do anything they can to turn attention back on Trump. They are pretty desperate. Hill is watching the election slip through her fingers.
> Hill is watching the election slip through her ~~fingers~~ meatflaps.
you are right. I am seeing the same things. Here is what i said earlier: "Everybody loved Comey when he announced to not indict a few months ago inspite of evidence. Now everybody hates Comey when he states the case isn't completely closed because of new evidence. You cant have it both ways. " i wouldn't exactly say slip through her fingers just yet but it will likely make it much closer than she expected.
https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/2071 How do you like Comey now though? I am actually quite curious.
Is he going to win the election?
[Yes.](https://i.sli.mg/MHamNj.jpg)
This could create precedent where other candidates will refuse to provide their tax returns as well.
Yea well the FBI is investigating the other candidate. So there's that precedence
Taxes and the IRS are rigged /s
Not like you need a warrant for the info or anything right?
Your maddd
Is it really a big deal if he releases them or not? Doubt it will change people's votes at this point
We knew he wasn't going to do that. Now it's just getting out the vote and getting people to vote and watching for voter intimidation
And if he were to release them tomorrow and show he hasn't payed taxes for 50 years, what would change? He still wouldn't get the Democratic vote, change the Republican vote, or end his run. All he would do is give more shitty "news" sites ad money and bury more important news.
If you're so confident, then he has nothing to hide, right? It must be something that would be devastating. And if you respond to me, could you please not "But Hillary..." I would love a response on this issue.
Thats the thing, it could be literally the worst possible thing for him, but it wouldn't change a thing. The real question is, why does this matter at all then? Even if it came out that he paid everything, the top story on all the sites would be "Dumb Orange Hitler was hiding his tax returns for no reason". It's useless for him, but a pool of money for the "news". It's a losing battle that he doesn't even need to address. We know he probably won't win, but I would eat a cooked shoe if between now and election day we had one top post that was a neutral comparison between the two candidates on ONE singular policy that doesn't devolve into subjective "but Trump" or "but Hillary" crap. I promise that.
Good. The government waste all of it anyways.
Well if you want to change the system go out and vote for whoever you want or apply to the FBI. Right now the law of land says nothing so far in her emails of transcripts is a problem. The FBI is in charge of classified information so Im 100% certain they know more than you what matters and what doesnt. Trump is on trail for actual crimes soon so Im more interested in that than this non issue you Trumppets are grasping on to for justification your not on the wrongbside of history.
I know it isn't a very good example, but Richard Nixon didn't show his taxes until after he was elected.
This horse has been dead for months. The only way to get Trump supporters to stop supporting him was to get them to stop hating Clinton...somehow. Nothing can be done now.
but, will the NY Times release the rest of his tax returns?
Force their release
The info in them is not just whether he actually paid his taxes. It is also, is he really a billionaire? (Conned his supporters who think he will make them rich) How much is Putin up his ass? (blackmail, weakening the US)
Safe to say if drumpf had something bad in his tax returns the irs would nail him for it. I don't care whether he releases of not, I'm fine letting the irs decide whether he did anything wrong
He probably doesn't make as much money as he appears to have stated. Probably another main reason he did not release his returns.
What I find interesting is that he has taken a legal and financial position as advice and reasoning, not a political transparency.
good candidates, one for another insidious!
Someone just leak his bloody tax returns for the last ten years. You know where you can get them, you've probably looked at them. Just upload 'em, already.
I'm not opposed to prosecuting people who give aid to terrorists, [but that's not what Trump said](http://www.politico.com/story/2015/12/trump-kill-isil-families-216343)
Good. Hillary should release the emails that she is demanding the FBI release. Why? They belong to her and the perv's wife so release them yourself? Oh you can't because the government is auditing them as we speak.
So when he loses, can we still see the tax returns AFTER the audit? He promised!!
One word: DUH!
No shit. People still actually thought he was going to release them? That's just being willfully naive.
Don't knock them. Many a bridge or public monument has been sold to such as these. :)
Within the word "candidate" is another word, "candid", meaning open, honest, truthful and transparent. If you can't be any of those, you cannot be a candidate. Trump is hiding something in his tax returns he does not want voters to see obviously. How can you trust someone who is not prepared to reveal the source of his income and what he does with it?
He said he will release them if Hillary releases her emails. The circlejerk.
I read from [FBI anon](https://i.redd.it/lz22l7pv2nrx.png) he's going to release his tax return. Let's see if it's true.
Works of fiction and falsehood brah
Yeah, only read it for fun. I think it'll be too much distraction to release his tax return, but we'll see. Hopefully he will release it. It's weird if he's running without knowing the tradition of releasing tax return to become president. He should be prepared making his tax return looks good before running.
Trump supporters, how can you put trust in this man with the history he has and his reluctancy to release his tax returns?
Hillary supporters, how can you put trust in this woman with the history she has and her reluctancy to release the 33,000 emails pertaining to national security (which she 'bleach-bit' after being subpoenaed by congress and then smashed up her electronic devices)?. Oh, and those Goldman Sachs speeches?
Trump supporter here who trusts Donald Trump. The tax thing is a non-issue for me because I already know what is in his tax returns. Just like the pages that were leaked to the NYT, his tax returns probably show he paid no taxes due to some loophole in the tax code which he was allowed legally to take advantage of just like many other people could if they were in the same position. His financial disclosures are out, that is enough for me.
I would like more information about Hillary influencing Palestinian elections than I would about an American businessman's taxes.
They don't care about Trump. He is simply a giant megaphone blasting their extremism. His policy proposals are incomplete. He's flip flopped on building the wall. He is a serial sexual predator. Not releasing his taxes has zero effect on Trump supporters.
Not a Trump supporter but how can you trust Hillary with her history? Two way street
I know her tax returns.
If that's all that mattered then this election would be a really easy choice
How? She delivers. Democrats, Republicans, foreign leaders, even Donald Trump admire and respect her intelligence, bipartisanship, skills... Some of us don't get our news filtered though bullshit. Most of us realize Trump's appeal is folks on the Right who've been running from their Bush era votes and the disasters it brought the world. Children who refused to help clean up their mess, blamed somebody else and then ran first to Palin, then the Tea Party...and now Trump.
She didn't deliver on Benghazi, only one case but a pretty big one. No doubt she can get stuff done but is that going to be for us or the corporations that own her? I am just playing devil's advocate because this sub sorely needs it
The future for America right now is looking really good. Post Bush Hillary & Obama got us off Saudi Oil *& kept them allies*. We are on tract to overtake China in productivity in ~2020. The old jobs Trump supporters stayed in are being replaced with far better jobs, and the entire globe will be our market. Bush derailed the world's ability to more smoothly transition...empowering China to enter Africa's markets instead of Westerners (that can be repaired) & of course wrecking the Middle East, pushing Muslims deeper into their religion (whereas capitalism tends to moderate it). Hillary understands this, Trump does not. He is basically advocating shutting us off from growth... not that he could do it, but what he wants is America to return to its old old economic model where the rest of the world does not get to have a middle class...well no, you don't get to have that and even if you could, you're only creating a global situation that would be horrendous. Sorry, I don't want global talent neglected and/or hostile to us just to save Joe Six Pack Megachurch, the guy who picked a dying industry or town and now wants to be bailed out. No offense Joe, you voted for what you got. A trump voter thinks that the rest of the world is a third world nation for some reason. It's not. The rest of the world is developing rapidly and looks to America for hope, leadership...and yes, they want to buy our quality goods.
She didn't deliver on Benghazi, only one case but a pretty big one. No doubt she can get stuff done but is that going to be for us or the corporations that own her? I am just playing devil's advocate because this sub sorely needs it
Nothing that happened after Bush is any one persons fault. It was a shitshow with no easy paths through or out of.... I would not be blaming McCain or Romney for their attempts either. We had to support the Arab Spring. Its literally why Bush invaded Iraq - to inspire the overthrow of Islamic Dictatorships.
All the info we have that makes us distrust Hillary came from her tax returns. Her investments, who donated to her foundation, how much she is paid for speeches and to whom she gave them, all of that stuff.
... and emails she failed to hide, transcripts she tried not to release, an ongoing FBI investigation, ...
I can't believe Wurple, an apparent Hillary supporter, is is talking about trust.
he is only doing what he is paid to do...
Ding ding ding - why are Trump supporters afraid to admit they are Trump supporters on Reddit?
Probably gonna vote Hillary for her stance on climate change, just pointing out the insane bias in this sub
As long as you understand that it's an image move and will have no positive impact on the earth as a whole but could have a negative impact on the country then go ahead. I mean unless Hillary does start a war with Russia then it might just be possible. The population loss alone might counteract the negatives of a nuclear fallout.
I honestly just dont care about his tax returns. I am far more concenrned with the terrible handling of classified information by Hillary Clinton and the fact that she was in charge of deleting the emails she felt werent relevant. Thats my honest opinion, but I know ill be downvoted for it!!
With their best imagination and speculation, what classified information has Fox News and talk radio convinced you she released?
Fox news and Talk Radio havent convinced me of anything. The FBI Director James Comey stated that she mishandled classified information and showed EXTREME carelessness in how she handled it. Where did i say that she released any of this information?
So she was careless. That's the outrage? She was cleared of wrongdoing by your government. The case is over.
im not voting for someone who is careless when it comes to how they respect classified intel
She was willfully wreckless and along with the Justice Department and the White House, they have attempted to cover this up at every turn. That's the crime here. And if you can't see that or simply refuse to, then you're not paying attention.
What else did you expect to happen to you? You are in /r/politics afterall.
Deleted them while under a federal investigation
So it's either an experienced public servant who sent emails on her own server - but didn't commit any crimes in regards to going against the interests of the US - or a fucking misogynistic, racist, lying, misguided, classless, disrespectful, tyrannical psychopath. "Oh my god, I can't *trust* her! I need to weep in my corner of guilt and shame at just the thought of Hillary Clinton in the WH! Cause I sound like a fucking baby whenever I say I don't *trust* her. Cause, you know, I see her everyday, and I need constant reassurance she won't jeopardize our national security by giving all our secrets to the Muslims!"
So what? Hillary flat out lied about the emails. They had to be leaked.
I could give less than 2 fucks if he didn't pay taxes compared to Hillary Clinton's mountain of treasonous crime. At this point you have 2 evils. One is an asshole and the other is a neo fascist. No one is going to be swayed by this when Watergate 2.0 is unfolding.
Lmao this sub is a joke. No article about the 650,000 emails?
because there is nothing to them
Weird that you say that when the Donald is the biggest fucking joke that's ever been on reddit.
REALLY? This again? Stop it.
It's all but official: Hillary Clinton is a crook, a criminal, and unfit to be President of the United States.
;__; why wont he be stumped. maybe if we continue pushing trumps taxes people will forget about hillarys unprofessional and possibly criminal actions. it was supposed to be #herturn this isn't fair. plz tell me they have more dirt on trump!!!!
No one cares. The financial disclosure submitted when he decided to run will tell you way more than a tax return will. Liberals desperately trying to make this an issue when it's not, and never going to be an issue.
Obviously someone does, they wrote an article about it.
The media will write anything about Trump they can if they can spin it as a possible negative, whether it's an issue of not. At this point, Trump could cure all cancer and the media would spin it as a negative.
If Trump (by himself) cured cancer, I would offer my mind, body, and soul to him. The tax returns have been an issue for over a year now and isn't going away.
> The tax returns have been an issue No they haven't. There is nothing in them that is going to persuade of dissuade someone from/to vote for him. That is fact, and make it not an issue. > and isn't going away Lol. Going away? There's a week and change before the election. It's not happening, and what's more, no one except those trying to push some bullshit narrative gives a shit. Seriously, what exactly do you think will be revealed if he released them?
If he wins there's precedent to continue chide and bait him until he does. So, no I don't imagine it would.
Hey, this is a pretty cool top post! It's not like the other presidential candidate is under investigation by the FBI a SECOND TIME! Nope! Nothing to see there! Don't vote for Drumpf guys! His taxes!!111
shes actually not tho
Lol!!!
Hillary won't release her emails \_()_/
they already have been dumbfuck and absolutely nothing came of them shocker!
Calm down. Hillary Clinton has broken the law :))
And yet, nothing has come of it! And nothing ever will!
Are you serious?! haha **SHES BEING INVESTIGATED BY THE FBI** She won't be President
LMAO! Look at HuffPo try in vain to change the subject now. It's almost cute at this point.
More important shit going on besides taxes! MAGA
Not to detract from the story... but how is this even front page worthy? This is an identical story that has been circulating the entire election cycle. I'm not saying that it's a non issue but this isn't going to effect any Trump voters decision. No one cares about this, he's already admitted he doesn't pay taxes. His businesses may pay required taxes via his employees but he himself and many of the elite in America are not paying taxes. Meanwhile... in actual news...
And this is a surprise?
I'm all for trump releasing his tax returns, but is this really what should be at the top of the sub right now? Pretty pathetic that the censorship has gotten this bad...
as opposed to what?
The 650,000 pound elephant in the room...
risotto recipes?
Are you fucking kidding me, I hate trump But how can you justify the radio silence on the FBI INVESTIGATION. Jesus Christ trump does not matter
What is up with his sub being so one sided? It called Politics not HillaryForOffice.
Haha, better dig up some new oppo, resurrecting this one isn't going to do the trick.
This fecal matter makes it to the top of the front in this "politics" sub. Embarrassing
Wow you guys aren't even pretending not to be bought and paid for are you?
The paychecks stop next week and we get back to reality.
The only people that still care about that are the ones far too embarrassed by their own support for Hillary that they need to try and draw attention away from her crimes. Aka, majority of redditors and also her documented paid trolls..
I'm still waiting for Hillary's Wall Street transcripts.
Why won't someone at the IRS anonymously leak them? Trump and his supporters are quick to leap on Clinton leaks so they are in no position to complain.
Because no one will publish leaks that don't have Clinton in the headline.
Yeah it's all a huge Russian conspiracy.
One can believe it's not a Russian Conspiracy and still see the problem.
Because nobody at the IRS is stupid enough to risk their job and serious jail time when they know they'll get caught. The IRS has to have tripwires built into their system that are designed to audit who is looking at sensitive, if not all, records and catch anyone who is looking at records they don't have a good reason (need to know) for.
So Trump is protected by the same government regulations he professes to hate.
The real reason this is an issue, and why you can be completely sure that there is something harmful in his returns, is that we all know for a fucking fact that if they were **good** he would have released them a year ago because that's who Trump is. Using anything and everything that makes him look good. For a businessman, being scared to show us your financial status should make you realize he's hiding something
Obviously you don't know anything about business tax returns. They reveal everything you own and all your assets. It's like putting a bulls eye on your back. Every scum bag with a lawyer can go find your property and make a reason to sue you. It's not like when you are working a nine to five job. In that case you don't have much to hide. A house maybe. One or two cars and kids. There's not much there to go after.
Okay...so why not release his personal returns?
Because they are personal.
Personal and embarrassing.
Like Hillary's emails?
Entertainer first and foremost
This, among countless other things, totally disqualifies Trump from running for President. Especially, with the Russian entanglements that are probably contained in those tax returns.
You talk about potential entanglements, ignoring everything going on with the left? wtf Or are you being funny? You're being funny aren't you?
> everything going on with the left? You see, I'm an informed voter, and have been for quite some time. Therefore I know that whatever you think is "going on with the left" is fiction created by alt-right propaganda. Widely debunked, but unfortunately, having a lie debunked doesn't stop a Republican from continuing to tell that lie.
> You see, I'm an informed voter, and have been for quite some time. It's funny, the most ignorant arguments I've been presented with are usually prefaced with something along these lines. No need to go on.
Because he isn't nearly as wealthy as he claims.
Don't say that LOL he has a penchant for suing anybody who estimates his net worth as less than he claims https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/style/that-time-trump-sued-over-the-size-of-hiswallet/2016/03/08/785dee3e-e4c2-11e5-b0fd-073d5930a7b7_story.html
Maybe he should break the law and put a private email server connected to the government in his basement so they will get leaked.
Can't be mad at him following tax laws written by congress. The tax law is written where the rich pay nothing. Don't hate the player, hate the game.
It's official the world will never get Hillary's 33k bulkload of deleted email... Well maybe Weiner might help us out a bit.
No one cares.
yeah not surprising - he's clearly hiding stuff - I mean, all in all, he's a scary guy to put in office... and as a lifelong democrat... I'm no fan of putting Hillary's name down - in fact, I'm sure I won't - I still haven't decided what name I'm writing down during this election...
It's all but official: Hillary won't release the emails.
are people really still focused on tax returns after everything that has happened in the last few days??? there are such larger issues at stake! like the sanctity of our democracy! lets not have that constitutional crisis in our lifetimes please
> constitutional crisis There is no constitutional crisis. Hillary hasn't been indicted, charged, or convicted. If she were post-election, impeachment proceedings would be initiated by the House and she would be tried by the Senate; the system would function as defined by our Constitution.
Not focused on tax returns, but it is one the nails in his coffin why Trump shouldnt be president.
but between the two choices we have at present, it is but a needle compared to hillary's haystack, of both coffins and very large nails of corruption. even the nonpartisan FBI coming back out proves it. they found something truly treacherous
Have you actually ever seriously looked at Sectary / Senators Clinton career? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hillary_Clinton We are choosing the president of the United States not the Chief Twitterer. Trump could have posted his returns like other candidates before he did not. He is hiding something and he lies about couldn't submit his taxes because he is being audited.
Oh ya? What is it they found?
What a gutless coward. If you're voting for Trumpie, you really should be ashamed of yourself.
i dont think truck drivers of america know of the internet
And auto-driving trucks are going to put them out of jobs.
More elitism from the left, not surprising. There are over 3.5 million truck drivers in the US. They help maintain our infrastructure and are a critical part of the world's largest economy. But I guess since they don't have fancy "Trans Dance Theory" degrees you probably look down on them. Tell me, did you make similar remarks about uneducated blacks who voted for Obama?
> Tell me, did you make similar remarks about uneducated blacks who voted for Obama? are you seriously comparing obama to trump?? fuck off.
Bigly ashamed
Likewise if you're voting for Hillary.
Hillary should be in prison.
Wrong!
Making history.
It has been official.
The biggest benefit to him is that, if elected, he can direct contracts to subsidiary companies, and we won't know because who knows what he holds?
>Trump has now set a precedent of nondisclosure that future candidates can (and will) follow. I have a hard time believing a future Republican candidate will refuse to release tax returns after the whooping Trump is about to get. It's sad that his loss won't be attributed to any single disqualifying issue, like tax returns.
But there is allot of money out there for the individual who releases them.
It's a criminal offense to release someone's records without permission from that person.
Surprise! Donald's tax returns are in Huma's email!
Hillary is often the kind of Person that is called 'super-predator,' "No conscience, no empathy, we can talk about why she ended up that way, but first we have to bring her to heel."
Give it up guys. Not happening.
http://time.com/4433880/donald-trump-ties-to-russia/ >So, yes, it’s true that Trump has failed to land a business venture inside Russia. But the real truth is that, as major banks in America stopped lending him money following his many bankruptcies, the Trump organization was forced to seek financing from non-traditional institutions. Several had direct ties to Russian financial interests in ways that have raised eyebrows. What’s more, several of Trump’s senior advisors have business ties to Russia or its satellite politicians. >“The Trump-Russia links beneath the surface are even more extensive,” Max Boot wrote in the Los Angeles Times. “Trump has sought and received funding from Russian investors for his business ventures, especially after most American banks stopped lending to him following his multiple bankruptcies.” >What’s more, three of Trump’s top advisors all have extensive financial and business ties to Russian financiers, wrote Boot, the former editor of the Op Ed page of the Wall Street Journal and now a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations.
Trump: Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why aren’t they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they weren’t paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says “we love our allies. We think our allies are great.” Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, we’re going to negotiate trade deals. We’re going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and we’re going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion that’s offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP.
But Anthony Weiner is releasing Hillary's emails!!
His taxes probably show that he 1)paid no taxes 2)he received subsidies from the states or feds for his projects 3)because of his billion dollar loss in the 90s he got money back in his tax returns. Trump is a taker always AND will be.
leak them then :)
In other news, gravity still sucks.
LOL... the desperation is palpable. *"Oh no, really? No tax returns? Not fair! Wahhh!"*
Why would he do that and prove that he's a criminal? Moreover, his supporters are convinced he's clean despite a history with corruption and are only interested in investigating hillary for the next decade.
Oh wow another insightful piece from the puffington post
Of course not, I wouldn't want my business secrets on how I became a billionaire released either. It's genius.
Not to defend the guy, but who cares about someone's tax returns? Even if he doesn't, he's been in the spotlight enough over the years we can certainly deduce enough from that. For that matter, why should any candidate release their returns? It doesn't sway my opinion either way, their policies should be more of a deciding factor. The American public is a funny one. Demand transparency from any person running for office, which is justified to a certain extent, but blindly follow any celebrities opinion simply because they like some of their movies or think they're good looking. Damn their credibility, if they said it, I support it. Meanwhile, candidates (not just presidential) choose not to disclose something that they would rather keep private and they are considered to be obviously hiding something. Anyone serving in public office isn't the single man holding the gun, yet they're treated like their decision is the only one. Celebrities are so well-followed and admired that they can say that vaccines singlehandedly cause autism, and the world blindly stands behind this with not one single shred of evidence that supports it. This has caused more damage than any politician not releasing their birth certificate or tax returns.
I too fail to see why someone whos been accused of being a russian puppet and having millions of dollars invested / loaned from russian sources should release his tax forms. 50+ years of presidential candidates doing it before him? nah no need to continue this tradition amirite?
"Editor’s note: Donald Trump regularly incites political violence and is a serial liar, rampant xenophobe, racist, misogynist and birther who has repeatedly pledged to ban all Muslims — 1.6 billion members of an entire religion — from entering the U.S."
Hillary was caught paying goons to instigate violence at Trump rallies.
If the Russian hackers won't do it, which other foreign criminal organization will step up and liberate Trump's tax returns in time?
Who cares? One is being investigated by the FBI, one doesn't know who runs the rest of the world, and the the last one doesn't know how the wifi works. I'm just a sour bernie bro who isn't voting for anyone this round
Goodbye clinton
[Hello banjomambo](http://www.kansascity.com/opinion/opn-columns-blogs/syndicated-columnists/cwkl2l/picture658915/ALTERNATES/FREE_640/Hillary%20Clinton%20Book%20Tour_2.JPG)
FBI investigation
The FBI investigation into Trump's tax returns makes me question if I can vote for him.
I mean... so fucking what? It's not like not releasing his tax return is going to affect my decision to not vote for an evil dictator wannabe.
Thank god for fair and unbiased sources like The Huffington Post
Holy shit. Love how many comments are saying this proves Trump is a liar And unfit to be POTUS. Do they completely ignore Hillary?
It's almost as if people can focus on more than one issue at a time. I know, it's crazy, isn't it?
I know, its crazy that tax returns is a regular issue.
Yes, it is indeed crazy that he won't release them after saying he would. Can you please explain to me why he won't do it? But here's the catch: You have to explain it without bringing up Hillary.
Why does it matter? Trump lies as much as the other candidate. Is he lying if he releases them after he says that he would? Hes said he wont reveal them until after the audit. He did say he would reveal them if his opponent released emails. Its a non issue imo though. Calling trump a liar because he wont release returns and saying that's bad is like saying his opponent is a liar and is also bad. I dont hear any Hillary supporters attacking hillary for lying though.
I thought I was clear but maybe not. We're talking about one issue, and that is why I asked if someone could explain to me without talking about Hillary, and it seems impossible. Just taken on its face, let's pretend that Hillary is not the Democratic candidate, that it's, Idk, Joe Biden. Why won't Trump release his tax returns?
Second paragraph.
My mom has Alzheimer's and her trump voter physical therapist lectured my dad about the TV she watches, saying my mom should watch something intellectual like Judge Judy. lmaooooo oh deplorables
The louder she yells, the more intellectual she sounds, I guess.
Plot twist: Donald actually pays his taxes, because he's not smart enough to figure out a way around it. Kind of like how it's repeatedly come out that he's worth less money than he claims to be. Paris Hilton grew her wealth 5x faster than he did. Paris for President.
And Hillary's hiding a lot in her speeches.
By definition, Trump doesn't support the troops, police or firefighters. he hasn't contributed a dime towards national defense or any of the equipment for 20 years. They need to use this rhetoric instead of saying pay his fair share which is an impotent message.
Well no shit.
Couldn't care less about his taxes. Clinton has ripped this country of for more money than Trumps taxes ever could amount to. Presidents are elected on the basis of choosing the lesser evil all the time.
Man the desperation is getting hilarious. If this didn't work the first 100 times why do think this argument or line of attack will work now.
No reason to release them. He has paid all the taxes he owes. Means nothing. More important is reporting the crooked money the Clintons have amassed through selling out our government to anyone who will write them a check. And the offshore entities they have created in the Carribean and South Pacific to hide dirty money.
It's always the same response to everything. "I'm rubber, you're glue..." If he doesn't have anything to hide, he'll release them. It's that simple.
Which is hilarious because releasing honest tax returns would have been **the nail in the coffin for Hillary**. What a joke Trump is. He's playing regular checkers and he's still reading the instructions.
wait...wasn't releasing honest tax returns what got Hillary in the whole debacle with the Goldman Sachs speeches?
Nah people knew about those speeches before her tax returns.
They need to release a hacked version of those returns, just a few pages a day, cause a massive scandal and blow that orange turd out of the water once and for all.
Who cares about his tax returns? What do thy have to do with his ability or lack thereof to run a country? Smoke and mirrors detracting from the things we should be paying attention to.
Is this really an appropriate lead story, all things considered?
I dont care. I do know he never solicited bribes as Sec State.
No need to solicit. He's rich. He just grabs.
so what? he didnt abandon 4 Americans in Benghazi then lie to the families about it then call the families liars when they reported what clinton said.
So what Chaffetz defended the fact the GOP cut funding embassy security to [Benghazi](http://thehill.com/video/house/261153--rep-chaffetz-white-house-claiming-ignorance-on-warning-about-libya-attack-is-totally-not-true). Just like the GOP to do one thing then spend money where it isn't needed like hearings on Benghazi or emails that haven't really shown shit yet.
I thought that would shut your stupid ass up.
by you not replying? yeah it got me.
looks like reddit deleted my response.
ah. sorry. My ass was shut up because I didn't see your response.
Cause no one cares
>huffpo
What sort of yellow weasel bullshit pseudo-journalism is this?
Where is the outrage for Hillary's fucking transcripts you goddamn hypocrites? Jesus fucking christ i hate you all
Not every presidential candidate has released their speech transcripts for the last 60 years
Paid Wall street transcripts. But whatever. If you don't fucking care there's no goddamn point. There's a clear fucking conflict of interest there. If you want to be a hypocrite then be one. Own it. Don't act like youre being intellectually consistent you partisan hypocrite
Lol ad hominem much. The thing is it isn't a conflict of interest they hired her to speak to hear what she thinks not to have her tell them what they want to hear.
Sheesh you guys are still on that? There are more recent developments we could be discussing. Far more pressing matters. Tax returns haven't been relevant for like a whole month already.
We need them even less now. We can assume he hasn't paid taxes, he stiffs everyone and (at best) misuses his charity.
Unfortunately, the majority of Americans have not absorbed this information and somehow think the Clinton Foundation is the scandal. My real hunch is that if he released them it would not only show he didn't pay taxes but that the documentation he used for his losses was false or insufficient.
Just curious which candidate was in a position to allow/prevent businesses like Trump's to avoid paying taxes? I'm sure HRC worked diligently to stop this corruption and would never befriend these billionaires to the point that they invite her to their wedding....
IDK does tax law start in the Senate?
Think you mean he stiffs not stuffs
Correct. Thanks for the edit.
Romney was right - this guy is a fraud.
As a Mass resident, fuck Romney and everything he says.
> As a Mass resident, fuck Romney and everything he says. As a human, fuck you for this rather dumb comment. His record as an MA governor (that many people actually believe was stellar) has nothing to do with what he said about Trump. His whole speech was right on the money - they guy is a cheat and a fraud, and this now has been proven. Trump has lied about his wealth, his taxes, his charitable giving, his positions, pretty much about everything.
Because he won't release them is evidence of his lies? No, IF he released them you'd have evidence of his lies. As it is, there is no evidence and nothing has been >proven. I don't disagree that hes a liar and most likely lying about his charitable givings, not many people want to be honest about that. Especially those in the business of making money, not giving it away. And I'm assuming you mean fraud in a figurative sense because the IRS has his taxes and he hasn't been arrested for fraud so... And none of that has any affect on the fact that Romney is an asshole.
That's like the only scandal that's going on involving Donald. Hillary has been involved in potentially treasonous activities if convicted.
Only?
Team Hillary had that premature "pussy grab" blow out that failed. All they have left is posts about taxes.
Only? Hahaha.
He's been set the lowest bar of any candidate in history and he always slithers under it
How many FBI investigations does he have right now?
http://imgur.com/SHV46YW
This should be disqualifying in and of itself.
What law say's he has to bow to leftist bullying?
The law of God.
Not good enough.
I wonder what Madam President Clinton will do with all you righties. Maybe throw ya'll into education camp.
That's what Nazi's do. Good thing she'll never get the chance.
This has been a bipartisan tradition for forty years. Besides, Trump = bullying.
So no laws broken. I don't give a shit
So you don't give a shit if he's in hock to Putin? There's a reason for these things you know.
Muh Russians! LOL, fuck off with that shit bro you're embarrassing yourself.
If you had any intellectual standards, you'd be the embarrassed one. You literally said nothing, but you're posing as if you're pissing on my ashes. This is Trumpism.
For a very long time now, candidates of both parties have released their tax returns. It is exceedingly odd, today, for a candidate to not release his or her taxes. That isn't a partisan issue since R and D candidates in the past decades have done exactly this.
So what? No one cares.
A lot of people care. Are you really terrified to find out that Trump can't stop lying to you? What's the big deal if he has nothing to hide?
> What's the big deal if he has nothing to hide? Ask Hillary and Barry that.
Is there not one Trump supporter out there that doesn't pull the "but what about Hillary, Bill, etc." Can you just not answer a direct question?
Your assertion that no one cares does not appear to be a fact. http://time.com/4470908/donald-trump-tax-returns-poll/ Monmouth University poll shows 62% of voters think it’s either very important or somewhat important to them that candidates release their returns;
Hahahahaha bullying. There is only ONE bully in this election. It isn't the left.
Crybullies always tell that lie.
Typical.
Like this post will make a difference... But, but, his tax returns! Hillary can go fuck a can of tuna.
Clinton won't release her emails, so why should we care?
lol the only people in the world that give one solitary fuck about trumps tax returns are the people who get angry at hearing his name and fantasize about assaulting his supporters in the street the fact that the american media is still hanging on to this as though its relevant is hilarious
"I might be a corrupt liar but vote for me because she's a *proven* corrupt liar."
Pretty much what this election boils down to. And he's most likely responsible for the molestation of less children. What with all the aiding a abetting Hillary did for Bill.
I mean, yeah
I am much more interested in the new Clinton emails.
> Editor’s note: Donald Trump regularly incites political violence and is a serial liar, rampant xenophobe, racist, misogynist and birther who has repeatedly pledged to ban all Muslims — 1.6 billion members of an entire religion — from entering the U.S. Wow. Those editor's notes are brutal. Are they looking for a lawsuit to try and get some discovery in, or at this point are they just in it for kicks?
I'm assuming for kicks. Trump hasn't been the most friendly to media outlets (WaPo comes to mind), and they're getting back at him the way they know best.
Sites like WaPo are basically state run propaganda centers at this point.
Someone already did and it was already in the news about the loss he claimed that was legal tax wise. People sure are getting desperate reposting this shit. Just get paid. I don't care anymore cause your jobs are done after the 9th of November. Honestly.. In my humble opinion, reddit can't affect this election.
Americans are sick of hearing about your damn emails. I mean tax returns. -Sanders
tax returns vs. a 'crime family'. There should be NO debate. The choice is clear.
officially not that relevant
Gotta hide that Russia money
How is this not THE story? That motherfucker could owe fuck tons to China and/or Russia and we would never know.
Who cares? Honestly!
At this point, what difference would it make? ^^^^^/s
I think this post is beating a dead horse. It's not new and it seems convenient to push this out in midst of an email scandal of possibly largest in American history
Here's the thing, I don't care what's on his tax returns. If he avoided paying taxes he used the same deductions that my accountant may use for me and many other clients. I don't know why this is such a big deal
> I don't know why this is such a big deal nixon.
Ok I'm not huge on history but just recently getting interested into politics so I still don't know
i doubt most people really know. basically nixon (the "i am not a crook" guy) had tax related issues. he resigned due to the watergate scandal, but his tax stuff likely would've also been a problem if he didn't.
Who gives a shit, Hillary is a criminal. Focus on that.
Trump pays off judges with charity money and somehow isn't a criminal?
[deleted]
Those transcripts are out there now. Try and keep up.
And so are some tax returns
But Hillary is the liar with something to hide.
Not just liar, criminal.
Except that she was ruled not to be in a court of law so....
She admitted it though, just said there was no intent.
yeah, which is one of the two main criteria used to determine if someone is really guilty and still, in the end, under review by legal professionals, she isnt
Depends on the crime, it is not always a requirement. Lack of intent doesn't protect someone from criminal negligence. Especially when there would've been training or at the least documentation on proper practices provided to them at some point.
SERIOUSLY! A fucking criminal is running against him for president and this matters how!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
This isn't news, he's said many times that he isn't going to release them unless the IRS takes a hike.
And Hilary will not release her emails. What is your point?
what does this even mean? the secretary of state stuff? the wikileaks stuff?
They probably have no idea. They just like to say "emails" like they've been trained to.
UNFIT FOR WHAT MIGHT BE!!!! IGNORE WHAT IS ABOUT HILLARY!!!! SHE IS HONEST AND TRUSTWORTHY!!!! DON'T BELIEVE THE MOUNTAINS OF EVIDENCE SAYING OTHERWISE!!!!!!! I'M WIIIIITTTTHHHHHH cough cough HERRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This matters Why?
because hillary is under investigation once again, we have to stir the shit pot!
It doesn't appear that she is.
[Oh, but she is! New York Times Source 10/30/16 ](https://www.google.com/amp/mobile.nytimes.com/2016/10/31/us/politics/justice-department-warrant-clinton-abedin-fbi.amp.html?client=safari)
Because every candidate for 40 years has released their tax returns.
So?
So why won't he?
Because it's not required?
Because he's hiding something.
Or he doesn't care like most people
Him releasing a clean tax return would help his campaign, so the fact that he won't means he most likely is hiding something that hurts him, probably in regards to his "charity"
It wont help because no one cares about it
Actually it seems that a lot of people care about it. It seems to be brought up a lot don't you think?
Yea, no one is writing articles about it or publishing investigations on his "non-profit" or posting them to Reddit or anything
Because his only credibility as a presidential candidate is his alleged business prowess. Might be a nice thing to show off, right?
You don't think the gleaming skyscrapers emblazoned with TRUMP show off his success just a little? He is a marketing wizard and the proof is everyone knows his brand.
Then wouldn't his tax returns would be the nail in the coffin? Why won't he stick it to Clinton and all the naysayers by showing the world how just how powerful of a wizard he is? Trump supporters always bring up the emails, and at the end of the day there is literally nothing Clinton could do to refute her critics about them. She can't provide a document that relieves her of blame, but Trump essentially can silence his critics. He could wrap this case up once and for all, yet he doesn't. Why do you think he doesn't?
[New Mexico is currently the threshold between 270 electoral votes.](http://howwillamericavote.com/president.aspx)
Wow Johnson polling at 5%.
That's the biggest news this entire election cycle. No idea why its not being discussed more. A 3rd party getting public funding as a major party has literally never happened.
where is wikileaks when you need them
In Moscow blowing Putin?
Donald Trump is a piece of shit, but there's nothing of any useful value to the voters in his Tax Returns. We all already know what they'll tell us.
I was involved with my aunt on some real estate and had to have her returns. She had quite a bit of property and vehicles. Well over a couple million. My soon to be ex threatened to use the returns and go over them to find a way to start trouble. I grabbed them and burned them before the witch could make a single copy. I had no idea what the woman would stir up but it could have been bad. No one should ever look at another persons tax returns unless they have a legitimate reason. There's no reason anyone needs to see Trump's private tax returns.
Burning one hard copy of your tax return... the IRS still has it... not following the logic here. And he's applying to be the least private citizen in this country, maybe the world. His right to privacy is suspended, as is Hillary's.
His right to privacy as President is non existent. He still has a private life. His antics in his bedroom are private. Bathroom too. So are his tax returns.
We..we're still on this?
We were ever off of it?
Shouldn't we remain focused on the leaked emails that show time after time how crooked Hillary is and corrupt the DNC is???
You mean the nothingburger emails that have been steadily released for months and still not a single law was shown to be broken? Those emails?
This just in: Nobody actually fucking cares. Not when Clinton and multiple other people are on the verge of being arrested.
> This just in: Nobody actually fucking cares. Leans close to the mic: [Wrong.](http://www.politico.com/story/2016/08/poll-should-trump-release-tax-returns-227408)
I can guarantee you anyone leaning Trump or in Trump's camp - as well as anyone simply voting "Dear God Not Clinton" doesn't give two shits about his tax returns.
So you're saying 62% of registered Republican voters aren't leaning Trump, in Trump's camp, or voting against Clinton? If so, you guys are fucked come election day.
Oh Donald set the precedent for secrecy? Clinton not only promised her transcripts then reneged, but then had them leaked to show they were exactly what everyone feared. Pandering to her donors and making promises totally polar to those she made to the American people. Never before have we seen a politician so obsessed with secrecy as Hillary and so profoundly incompetent at it despite.
> Clinton not only promised her transcripts then reneged She said she would release her transcripts when every other candidate released theirs. Either way some of her transcripts have been leaked and they're double stacked nothingburgers lightly salted with Republican tears.
This is really your main concern? Truly? Dear lord. It doesn't matter what she does? Are you seriously trying to deflect your madam the queen being investigated? I want to know. What is your breaking point? What would she have to do to make you not vote for her? It's not war. It's not problems with letting random people come into america. It's not giving them all 'a path to citizenship' ie amnesty. It's not feminist issues. It's not her lying to you. It's not her hiding critical information from you. It's not her inciting violence. It's not her supporting censorship and wanting to give more control to the govt. WHAT PRAYTELL IS YOUR BREAKING POINT? Edit: Ask a sheep a question....all you get is [baaaaaa](http://i.imgur.com/1gaiIkP.png)
Sorry. #NeverTrump
So you literally have no breaking point? You would vote Hillary for every reason? Okay, i guess that says more about you than me.
I already voted straight Dem, thank you.
So already voting absolves you of explaining your actions? That makes sense....[not!](http://57686c1c09321c20aba1-149f21ec0c5ba727500f5cc91601ed31.r69.cf2.rackcdn.com/bar_02/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/image.jpg)
look at the pot calling the kettle black
Because he's under an audit. A number of tax attorneys [agree with the decision.](http://lawnewz.com/politics/legal-experts-side-with-trump-it-would-be-totally-stupid-to-release-his-taxes-during-audit/) See quotation below: "releasing the returns during an audit could cause anyone who has a grievance with you to misuse the released information, and try to intervene in the audit process, for their own personal, financial or political gain. I have been through this several times in other contexts where such records were obtained by people with an interest adverse to my client, which unnecessarily protracted the process as undue expense and harassment of my client."
Warren Buffet released his under audit. Now what?
Buffett and Trump run different businesses with completely different tax structures. Buffett is an investor; Trump is in real estate. A smart decision for one of them may not be a smart decision for the other. Trump doesn't need to play chicken with Buffett.
Keep spinning whatever story you need. One of the richest men in the world released his records. If theres truly nothing damaging in his tax returns its easy to show them. Too bad we will never see them ever.
He's a scumbag. A pathetic little hypocritical man. Let me tell you, folks.
Of course not, he would actually be arrested if he did.
For what?
Insider trading, espionage for Russia, and not paying taxes on international business profits.
That's hilarious. I'm betting you have credible sources for that horseshit.
The source is his tax returns, which is why he's not releasing them.
So what? No law broken I don't give a shit.
TIL Huffington Post still think they are credible in this current election cycle.
Well, I was going to vote Trump, but this is just too much for me. No tax returns is the final straw.
Won't release his taxes, lies about charitable donations, shady Trump U, sexual assault, anti-immigrant xenophobe, and completely unqualified for the job. But he's still in the race. What, if anything, will get rid of this cockroach?
Donald Trump's taxes are the least of voters concerns. Try Hillary's 2nd FBI investigation of the year, her deleting 33k emails under a Congressional subpoena, accepting millions of dollars in donations from oppressive countries (Saudi Arabia, Qatar), making promises to go to war.
Hillary to her staff: “If that f---ing bastard wins, we all hang from nooses! And if I lose, it’s all on your heads for screwing this up.”
And in real news, Huma is in deep trouble over 650.000 emails she claims she doesnt know about. Trumps taxes? that is so last month
You guys should all release your tax returns! And your bank statements while you're at it too!
This whole thread is fake.
When did tax returns become a thing and who cares? This is coming from somebody who has early voted (and it wasn't for Trump...) Breaking news: rich people do things to avoid paying taxes.
Forty years ago. It became a thing forty years ago.
Okay, so why? And who cares?
You don't. But pretty much all Americans who vote do. People who care about foreign interests not being in the mind of our president do.
> And who cares? I do. Tax returns show, among other things, where money comes from and if there is going to be a conflict of interest should this person become president. Given that Trump has vehemently refused to release his tax returns, and what we know of the man himself, I am certain he has something to hide.
I love the feeble attempts to deflect at this point. He's rough around his edges and without a doubt flawed, but watching people try to make the argument that he's worse than someone who could be indicted for anything from RICO to treason is baffling.
LOL Huff Po. We have a criminal candidate breaking laws left and right, but they are still ragging on the tax returns thing? The IRS accepted and reviewed those returns, time to move on.
Meanwhile Clinton is under FBI investigation for the second time!! What a fun election
No, she's not. Comey found what may be emails on Weiner's laptop...there is nothing to suggest anything in there is from HRC or to HRC.
How is this news?
Ummmm why should he??
Why should he? His tax returns aren't our business.
They are if he wants to be the face of the country.
Says who? You? LOL.
Except he's running for the highest office in our government and they're completely our business.
Just because you say it doesn't make it true. I don't give a shit what his private taxes look like. The relevant information is found in annual financial reports from his many successful endeavors.
So we have a better understanding on his finianical background? There is a reason every candidates had done that since Nixon. It's idiots such as yourself who keeps throwing away the rights people fought so hard to get.
It is idiots like yourself that actively work to undermine individual rights while sucking the state's allegorical member.
Helps him not look like he's taking any ill-gotten funding. It's not, but it does make him look suspicious.
You know there's absolutely no expectations for either candidate to release taxes. This is truly a non-issue.
You would believe this if you only read right wing media and if you were very young. It's a long-standing tradition to all serious contenders...how else does the country know where you put your money and who you might owe money too?
> It's a long-standing tradition to all serious contenders...how else does the country know where you put your money and who you might owe money too? Ahhh. It's a tradition. Wooohooooo. So the ef what? It's not the law. It's bullshit. It's also no one's business who or how much money you owe and to whom you owe it and where you put your money. If there was an issue with the IRS they would file charges. So there.
Yes, I think it would be awesome to elect a President that owes Russia or China a whole lot of money. There's a reason the tradition exists, and I would NEVER vote for someone who doesn't comply. So there.
Then ask for his credit report. Owing a national government money I think is not a private matter. Tax returns are something different.
You might want to do some further research on this topic. People running for the most powerful public service job in the land should be held to a higher standard.
You mean like the standard you are holding Hillary to? She was disbarred for being a liar. She has made a career out of corruption.
She was definitely not disbarred.
You know what, you are right. >The Arkansas Judiciary website shows her license was suspended in 2002 for failing to complete her continuing legal education requirements. But she should have been disbarred. >The now-retired general counsel and chief of staff of the House Judiciary Committee, who supervised Hillary when she worked on the Watergate investigation, says Hillary’s history of lies and unethical behavior goes back farther – and goes much deeper – than anyone realizes. >Jerry Zeifman, a lifelong Democrat, supervised the work of 27-year-old Hillary Rodham on the committee. Hillary got a job working on the investigation at the behest of her former law professor, Burke Marshall, who was also Sen. Ted Kennedy’s chief counsel in the Chappaquiddick affair. When the investigation was over, Zeifman fired Hillary from the committee staff and refused to give her a letter of recommendation – one of only three people who earned that dubious distinction in Zeifman’s 17-year career. >Why? >“Because she was a liar,” Zeifman said in an interview last week. “She was an unethical, dishonest lawyer. She conspired to violate the Constitution, the rules of the House, the rules of the committee and the rules of confidentiality.” >How could a 27-year-old House staff member do all that? She couldn’t do it by herself, but Zeifman said she was one of several individuals – including Marshall, special counsel John Doar and senior associate special counsel (and future Clinton White House Counsel) Bernard Nussbaum – who engaged in a seemingly implausible scheme to deny Richard Nixon the right to counsel during the investigation. >Why would they want to do that? Because, according to Zeifman, they feared putting Watergate break-in mastermind E. Howard Hunt on the stand to be cross-examined by counsel to the president. Hunt, Zeifman said, had the goods on nefarious activities in the Kennedy Administration that would have made Watergate look like a day at the beach – including Kennedy’s purported complicity in the attempted assassination of Fidel Castro. >The actions of Hillary and her cohorts went directly against the judgment of top Democrats, up to and including then-House Majority Leader Tip O’Neill, that Nixon clearly had the right to counsel. Zeifman says that Hillary, along with Marshall, Nussbaum and Doar, was determined to gain enough votes on the Judiciary Committee to change House rules and deny counsel to Nixon. And in order to pull this off, Zeifman says Hillary wrote a fraudulent legal brief, and confiscated public documents to hide her deception. >The brief involved precedent for representation by counsel during an impeachment proceeding. When Hillary endeavored to write a legal brief arguing there is no right to representation by counsel during an impeachment proceeding, Zeifman says, he told Hillary about the case of Supreme Court Justice William O. Douglas, who faced an impeachment attempt in 1970. >“As soon as the impeachment resolutions were introduced by (then-House Minority Leader Gerald) Ford, and they were referred to the House Judiciary Committee, the first thing Douglas did was hire himself a lawyer,” Zeifman said. >The Judiciary Committee allowed Douglas to keep counsel, thus establishing the precedent. Zeifman says he told Hillary that all the documents establishing this fact were in the Judiciary Committee’s public files. So what did Hillary do? >“Hillary then removed all the Douglas files to the offices where she was located, which at that time was secured and inaccessible to the public,” Zeifman said. Hillary then proceeded to write a legal brief arguing there was no precedent for the right to representation by counsel during an impeachment proceeding – as if the Douglas case had never occurred. >The brief was so fraudulent and ridiculous, Zeifman believes Hillary would have been disbarred if she had submitted it to a judge. >Of course, Nixon’s resignation rendered the entire issue moot, ending Hillary’s career on the Judiciary Committee staff in a most undistinguished manner. Zeifman says he was urged by top committee members to keep a diary of everything that was happening. He did so, and still has the diary if anyone wants to check the veracity of his story. Certainly, he could not have known in 1974 that diary entries about a young lawyer named Hillary Rodham would be of interest to anyone 34 years later. >But they show that the pattern of lies, deceit, fabrications and unethical behavior was established long ago – long before the Bosnia lie, and indeed, even before cattle futures, Travelgate and Whitewater – for the woman who is still asking us to make her president of the United States. And Bill Clinton actually was disbarred. That's the fact. So, thanks for setting me straight. I doubt she could ever get her license to practice nor does she feel a need. Of course, she obviously at this point needs some attorneys to help her out.
You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means.
If Hillary hadn't released hers there would be a collective aneurysm.
Probably but I wish she wouldn't have. Maybe then the masses would focus on real issues instead of what these two idiots currently have them focused on.
She's not stupid enough to do shady things in her own name. That's what the Clinton Foundation is for.
"She's not stupid enough to do shady things in her own name. That's what the Clinton Foundation is for" ROFLMAO.... Because her name isn't "Clinton" I presume?
You know what I meant. Her "charity" is in a much better position of deniability for large sums of money than her personal bank accounts would be.
What? Every candidate since Nixon has done it, it's definitely expected.
So? For what purpose you think these guys don't know how to cheat their taxes? It's just to make you feel good.
It also shows official financial ties to other entities that may cause voters to change their mind about the candidate.
So... What you said is 100% wrong. We wouldn't be talking about Trump's taxes if there wasn't an expectation for him to release them.
Excuse I meant there is nothing other than old tradition making anyone release their taxes. It's not required. So who cares what are you going to do with the information? How honest and accurate do you believe the taxes of either candidate to be? They're professionals at hiding money so they pay less taxes.
Wait, isn't this not new?
"Phew, dodged a bullet there! And the presidency."
Was anybody still expecting him to release his tax returns?
Is anyone surprised?
Nope. I'll be glad when this is all over and he goes away forever.
He is transparently non-transparent. Mental gymnastics judges - your scores?
Didn't NYT already leak them?
The rules don't apply to him. Duh.
What rules? The tax code that he legally followed, you mean?
Whoopty fuckin doo
Yeah, because they don't matter. Most of his wealth is in untaxable things and savings. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/One-dollar_salary
From a website that gives trump a 1% chance? So much for credibility.
Oh no, that sucks
Will the FBI indict Trump for refusing to release his Tax returns?
Why should he? He has nothing to gain and everything to lose.
I'm not supporting his decision in any way - but didn't he say in the 1st debate that he would release his tax forms when Hillary released her 30,000 emails?
**He has released some of his taxes:** https://projects.propublica.org/nonprofits/organizations/133404773
How did I get here?
If Russia can hack all these emails for Wikileak, surely the legions of anti-Trump supporters will be able to whip up these returns in the final week.
Huffpo on the front page of politics? Can we use credible sources please?
Who gives a shit he has to fill out financial disclosures and the IRS already have his tax returns so the FEC can see whatever they need.
Nobody cares.
Not according to the polls
you know people dont understand facts around these parts, who are you kidding?
Omg tax returns, laughing my ass off
Who cares
This is a new LOW for a presidential candidate. He isn't worthy.
Unfortunately nether one of them is.
Funny the top sub on politics is some shit nobody has ever cared about. The anount of corruption surrounding hillary satan clinton makes this article a joke. Its over, she needs to go to jail.
It's all but official, Hilary Clinton won't spend a day in prison.
What makes you think she should be in prison again?
Still got your blinders on?
There's all this stuff coming out about crooked every fucking day and you drag the same lame stories about Trump out for months the cuckage levels of this sub are through the roof
Really, name 3 things that have come out about future President Clinton in the last week. Just so you know, the new email thing is pure bullshit. Literally no new information has come out. It was just Comey saying they are looking at some new emails, that weren't written by Secretary Clinton, weren't received by Secretary Clinton, and Comey has zero idea what are even in those new emails.
We can look through Clintons taxes and her emails. We can't look through either of trumps. The monster you know is better than the one you don't.
Man this sub is so fun to read. Focusing on tax returns when Hillary is literally a criminal.
Looking forward to her going after guns and throwing potheads in jail when she's elected.
Proof?
Oh, shit! What did she get convicted of?
Dafuq. You know Donald is going on trial for child rape charges soon right?
To literally be a criminal, one has to be convicted of a crime. For as much as the right has tried to find something to accuse Hillary Clinton of, she's never even been indicted. But feeling are more important than facts now so...
To be a criminal you have to commit a crime. A rapist is still a criminal even if he/she isn't convicted.
Not in America...
And yet, despite multiple investigations, including several politically motivated campaigns led by Republicans in Congress, no evidence has been found that can show her committing a crime. Or is this just one of those "Who cares about evidence, we should jail people so long as I *know* in my gut they probably did something" arguments?
Plenty of evidence but unfortunately plenty of corruption as well. How y'all like Comey now though?
You mean the evidence that the investigators say showed she was negligent (not a crime), but didn't take any actions that rose to the level of criminal intent required for a crime? That evidence? Or are you saying that evidence is read wrong because you have a better understanding of the determination of scale of negligence in criminal investigations on the handling of government information to the degree that you can determine when the people who do that for a living are wrong in the conclusion they come to? Because if that is your claim, I'm gonna need to know where you went to law school, what State Bar you passed, and what case law you are basing that conclusion on.
https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/2071 How do you like Comey now though? I am actually quite curious.
Yeah, the key word in both of those code sections is "willfully". And my feelings on Comey as a person isn't relevant to the legal conclusions. The FBI made their conclusion. His current activity hasn't altered that conclusion so far. Unless they come out and say otherwise, you still have the unenviable challenge of trying to persuade others that you, with no credentials, legal education, or caselaw citations, have reached a conclusion that is correct where the FBI, all of whom have credentials, legal training, and citations to case law, were mistaken.
She smashed her blackberries with a hammer and used bleachbit but it wasn't willfully. Move along. Nothing to see here. No corruption at all.
As I said, you are trying to argue about whether a legal threshhold is met without any legal education, credentials, or case law to support your argument. You can say whatever you like, but I'm gonna go with the people who have legal degrees and can cite the specific evidence collected and the case law used to analyze it over a person on the internet with no basis other than his own claim of being right and the professionals being wrong.
Hillary didn't release her 33,000 emails seems fair.
Do you really think one's faults excuse the other? Because I'm pretty sure that if Hillary said "wrong" or "didn't happen" during the debate, the right would be accusing her of Alzheimer's.
Why the fuck would anyone release 33k of confidential emails containing national secret to the public? Use your damn brain ffs
So the 33k has confidential emails which was on Hillary's private server, if that's what you're suggesting? We know there was TS emails per wikileaks. We now know there is intent to hide them per wikileaks. Hillary and her croneys are in trouble. O well, at least the 650,000 emails from Weiner's laptop will do the trick.
Jesus Christ leave his tax returns alone let it die like hillarys campaign
Clawing at any scraps you have left r/politics. You've thrown so much shit at the wall you can't even tell whats sticking any more.
Says the guy spamming the fake "draftourdaughters" hashtag?
Wait that's not real?
Holy shit, you didn't know.
kek son, please
http://www.politico.com/story/2016/06/hillary-clinton-women-draft-register-224390 kinda but not really. Made viral by 4chan/reddit/twitter as a way to ridicule the position.
A legitimate position none the less, so kinda but really.
not really as in, the hashtag was not started by the clinton campaign (as far as I understood it)
Not really fake though considering she is for opening selective service for females so...if a draft occurred...daughters would be drafted. Isn't it just HILARIOUS that it took off with the momentum that it did. Most people assumed it was a legitimate stance from the clinton campaign. At least that was the way I explained it to everyone I know. EDIT. AND THEY ALL BELIEVED ME!
And Hilary won't release the emails.
Yet we've seen them.
Not on Fox News we haven't!
That's so related!
He's still a 1000x more trustworthy than Hillary.
Let me ask you something. If you had a 15 year old daughter, who would you rather leave her in a room with?
You people are fucking hilarious. Hillary is certainly no angel, but Trump lies like dozens of times a day and you're seriously saying he's that much more trustworthy than HIllary. Trump supporters are fucking rubes.
No, not really
Well what a surprise - yet another article from the Huffington Post. Cant you liberals at least post from a wider selection of publications and not from one which is staffed by biased amateur wannabe journalists? Hardly a credible publication seeing as they don't even pay their writers. I'm surprised you don't post more articles from blogger.com and tumblr.com. As it says in the sidebar of this sub: >Political discussion requires varied opinions. Why not just rename this sub to r/huffpolitics?
The guys that submit these articles look to websites like Huffington Post. Of course, that shouldn't stop someone like you for posting an article from another website.
Be the change you want. Post those links to the publications that aren't staffed by biased amateur wannabe journalists.
Good advice, but there's no point submitting anything on this sub which doesn't fit in with the liberal left wing narrative as it will never see the light of day. I just have fun posting my own gibberish comments instead.
He emailed them to Hillary.
If he had, we'd have seen them by now.
Hillary won't release her emails, or can't because she bleached them. Same shit, different standards
Only that's another false equivalency. Every presidential candidate for the last several decades has released his or her tax returns. No candidate until now has ever been asked to show all of her personal emails or the transcripts of her private speeches. I will concede that not all of the deleted emails were personal, but the point remains. No previous candidate has been held to a higher standard than Clinton has and Trump is held below every previous expectation.
Is it a requirement to release your tax returns to be President? Or just tradition? If the latter, well, Trump is anything but traditional. The emails on the other hand is an actual legal matter. So no false equivalency here.
It's an expectation that demonstrates trust and transparency regarding personal financial interests. Shirking it indicates a lack of these things.
Seems more like the political elites back in the day were trying to find a new "gotcha" and it became the standard. I just don't feel that showing people my financials would instill anymore/less trust in someone. Seriously, the fact that some peoples vote actually hinges on that knowledge speaks more to our culture and less to the candidate.
Hahahahahhahahahaha liberals BTFO!! GG!! He said he would release them if Hillary released her emails! She never released them! Thank you FBI for investigating that crooked woman some more! I bet if Donald was doing illegal things on his taxes the IRS would be investigating. However all he would have to do is pay back taxes, not go to jail. Donald never killed anyone. Shillary has! Never forget Benghazi!!!!!! KEK DONALD IN LANDSLIDE LIBS SO BTFO BUY PEPE
> I bet if Donald was doing illegal things on his taxes the IRS would be investigating. . . . . You do realize that Donald himself has admitted to having the IRS audit him every year for like . . . the past fifteen years, and has had to pay a fine settlement for tax fraud committed through his "charity" foundation, right? An audit is an IRS investigation, by the by. Good
By your reply I'm guessing you are 14 maybe 15 at the most. Although I feel I am disrespecting 14 and 15 year olds saying that. Yours is a typical non college educated Trump supporter comment.
I mean I do have a degree. P1v1/t1=p2v2/t2 if you're educated that formula will tell you what field I work in. :D someone's mad!!! At least trumps not going to jail over taxes! And didn't kill any troops!!! GG
Maybe they forgot /s
And he'll still win. Saw someone on youtube the other day saying "If he doesn't win, send him over here to England, he can sort out our government". Please don't send him over here to England.
Trump won't release his taxes, Hillary won't release her speech transcripts. Neither side has the moral high ground and they can both shut the fuck up until one of them makes a release.
[deleted]
Wait, what half of her speeches have been online and where? Are we talking about speeches she made to Wall Street Companies? Also only random paragraphs of her speeches have been leaked. Truth is public knows as much about the speeches as it does about taxes. Both of them are crooked egomaniacs, and our nation is fucking insane for even giving them consideration, let alone presidency.
http://www.dailykos.com/story/2016/4/17/1516205/-A-Hillary-Clinton-Goldman-Sachs-Wall-Street-speech-has-been-released https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0lKlJ3Ed4fQ&feature=youtu.be&t=5 http://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/ws/index.php?pid=77081 A bunch: https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/56dyvg/wikileaks_appears_to_release_hillary_clintons/d8ilm69/
Deleted the comment by mistake. http://www.businessinsider.com/wikileaks-hillary-clinton-private-speeches-released-2016-10 http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/16/us/politics/wikileaks-hack-hillary-clinton-emails.html I'm not sure if every speech has been leaked or posted online but all of them are variations on the same format.
Those are just random paragraphs of speeches and not entire speeches. They are more or less irrelevant. Most importantly you did not provide anything to back up your claim that half of the speeches were published online even before the leak. Please provide links to Wall Street speeches that were actually released prior to the wikileaks.
http://www.dailykos.com/story/2016/4/17/1516205/-A-Hillary-Clinton-Goldman-Sachs-Wall-Street-speech-has-been-released https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0lKlJ3Ed4fQ&feature=youtu.be&t=5 http://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/ws/index.php?pid=77081 A bunch: https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/56dyvg/wikileaks_appears_to_release_hillary_clintons/d8ilm69/
Yeah, right there with you. I cannot stand the number of people on both sides who think it's perfectly fine for their Chosen One to pull this shit while simultaneously decrying the opposition for it. What's good for the goose is good for the gander. Put up or shut up. Neither of them has a fucking leg to stand on right now.
So he's a yuge liar. And Hillary is a huge liar. America, you deserve so much better.
Are you guys seriously still talking about this?
HUPO is stupud for writing this. He obviously never had planned to produce his tax returns. Nov, 9th. It's official trump won't release his tax returns. *durrrrrrr
It's been official for a while now. He already stated it is due to the bad coverage of the media. He doesn't trust them and quite frankly? They have created a twist specifically against him versus Clinton. CNN, and quite a few others made very big errors in interviews stating they would only support Hillary in this as the best choice and they were ready to show her support. Can't do that. Journalism is a profession built on neutrality based reasoning for a reason. You see and hear details you otherwise would not as well as it also makes you appear unbiased across the board as a profession. Going out and doing the opposite is what creates fact checking trust issues which has since been going downhill ever since 1997. While I don't agree with Trump on all journalists, I do agree the gallup poll which showed journalists are not trusted anymore and have the lowest approval ratings they ever have. First source (here I was tuned in to media trust): http://www.breitbart.com/2016-presidential-race/2016/09/30/poll-mere-29-percent-trust-media-fact-checking/ Second source (actual poll): http://www.gallup.com/poll/185927/americans-trust-media-remains-historical-low.aspx Call it damage control at this point, but the reality is? There is 318 million people in the U.S. and only 70 to 80 million vote for the president. If you think you can inform that many people under a biased scope? Then good luck because there's people on all sides of the isle who fight organizations like that and appear, for all intents and purposes, as moderates even though they support the same ideals for the given platforms: Dem- bigger government, more taxes against the wealthy, more benefits for the poor. Rep- smaller government, less taxation as a whole, protect rights which are already protected. That is politics and that just plays into the fact Trump won't release those forms. We all know he could and end this charade, but we also know he has a very, very, VERY slim chance of being president at this point just because of how many people he's alienated...
fucking LOL NOBODY CARES
http://imgur.com/mCBnp3y
Edgy...Oh Wait 6 months -10 Karma, what a surprise https://www.reddit.com/user/OnTheKanyeQuest
Trump is ten shade darker than Hillary!
Haven't met anyone who actually cares about his tax returns. It's just the same liberal media outlets and talking heads telling us to be concerned about it. If you want to find something that's truly indicative of corruption take a look at the Clinton Foundation.
But as an American he has the right to not release them. The American people aren't entitled to his private information. I don't understand why he's getting so much backlash for exercising a personal right.
> The American people aren't entitled to his private information. They are entitled to make this sort of transparency a condition for earning their votes.
He's not a private individual anymore. He's a fucking presidential candidate and we are entitled to know who we are having lead us.
It's just that it's a precedent ever since we got screwed by somebody doing shady shit with their taxes
The difference is: what is a right as an American *vs.* what is considered as acceptable and obligatory as a candidate running for the highest office in the world. As an example: as American, he has right to say whatever he wants about women, blacks, Hispanics, Muslims, etc. However, as a President candidate, that kind of talks should not be acceptable. He certainly has the right to say those things, but he will have to face the consequences: he won't be getting votes from women, blacks, Hispanics, Muslims and other minorities. And, I am quite puzzled by racist Trump supporters who somehow think he will still win the majority or even any significant amount of votes from women, blacks, Hispanics, Muslims and other minorities after he had made all those offensive comments about women and minorities. The delusion is strong in them. IMO, there is a very good chance that Trump will go down in history as the Presidential candidate who received the *least* amounts of votes from women and minorities, across the board.
Haha. Hillary under investigation again and this is the only thing this sub has left. Fun-o-watch sub!
You can't even defend it without deflecting.
Me deflect? Hillary is the master of not answering the questions asked of her.
Lol he literally deflects an accusation of deflection... what a joke
What. You don't believe your crooked women deflects? That's crazy talk.
Look, I get it man. She's a strong independent woman. That doesn't mean you have to mention her every sentence.
Being confused does not make the pain go away. Once she is in jail, the world will be a peaceful place again.
There you go again man. I know she's caused you deep, emotional pain, but the sooner you let it go the better .
Guess you only know one side of the Clinton Cartal. I know the dark side of those crazy people. No need to get your panties in a bunch because Hillary's destination has been changed from the White House to the big house.
I know getting over her is going to be a long, hard and painful process but once you do I assure you everything will be better. Your obsession is really unhealthy.
You don't think a Trump is under investigation? He's conning you along with the rest of his supporters. His ties to Saudi Arabia and Russia are astonishing.
His ties? The Clinton ties are off the hook!!
And trumps ties are tightening around his neck.
She's got a 15-point lead in early voting. Even if this new scandal knocked 5 points off, that's still an epic landslide.
The investigation wasn't re-opened. It was never closed in the first place. Most media says that these emails are duplicates. There's a possibility they aren't even FROM Hillary. Where do you get your "unbiased" information
Media does not know anything. Only speculation!!
So they shouldn't be reporting it.
Neither do you.
And saying that there is anything damning in it is also speculation is it not?
Waiting for hillarys 33K emails
Does this even matter? Hillary should be in fucking prison, and that is so much more significant. A criminal in the white house....that sucks almost as bad as all the interns Bill will victimize in the next 4 years if she wins.
He said, arguing in favor of the candidate currently facing allegations of sexually assaulting a dozen women, who is currently being sued for child rape, and who was caught on tape boasting about how he could sexually assault women and get away with it because of his fame. But yeah, please do continue about how we can't have a criminal in the white house and how you are concerned about someone in the white house engaging in sexual misconduct.
Unfortunately for you the American public is proving to be surprisingly capable of discerning between legitimate election news and the non-stop noise coming from the shamelessly dishonest Democrat freakshow of liars, hacks and operatives. This is why everyone in the country is very aware that Hillary is in deep doo doo with the FBI over her emails and no one even paid a moment of attention to the latest shill they trotted out. When even screams of child rape accusations are getting ignored, it might be time to for a new approach.
> Unfortunately for you the American public is proving to be surprisingly capable of discerning between legitimate election news and the non-stop noise Well, I certainly agree with you there. That's likely why Clinton has been dominating the polls. By all means though, keep ignoring the warnings that Trump is doing so horribly in the election. I understand that ignoring all the polls now will help you be able to shrug off his loss on election day as just a bunch of rigging, not simply that he ran his campaign into the ground.
Trump talked about it, bill did it, hillary beat down the bimbo eruptions. They're fucking crooked and evil. Don't let your wife or daughters near them, they'll be the next victims!
> Trump talked about it Actually, he talked about doing it. Then claimed "Oh no, I never did it, I was just lying about doing it to impress the great Billy Bush". Then over a dozen women came forward to say "But you did do it, to us, you liar". I find it funny that you continue to say Bill did it because some people accused him, but that Trump is completely innocent of doing it, despite having even MORE people accusing him. So which is it? Should unproven sexual assault allegations be treated as true, or treated as false? Or are you admitting that you hold your own candidate to a completely different standard than that you are demanding others use for the candidate you don't like?
you may be right that Trump did it. Who knows. But you also know that Bill is basically a sexual predator. Maybe both should be in the Sexual Predator registry. And Hillary covered up for Bill. They're all fucking awful.
Well, he is waiting on Hillary's speeches lol. Both candidates have dirty laundry they don't want to get out....
You mean the speech transcripts that Trump's Russian backers already hacked, stole, and released?
Keep phonebanking guys!!! Bernie can still do it!
and it won;t matter one bit... MAGA
Moral indignation aside, how much do folks here *really* think the average non-partisan voter really cares about this in relation to everything else going on?
And? Clinton didn't release her Wall St. speeches. There is no law on the books requiring either candidate to make these disclosures.
I suppose that it's been a recent tradition to release your tax returns but not your private speeches means nothing.
Tradition =/= Legal Requirement to disclose tax information. Unlike, say, classified information one may or may not have in one's possession.
Saying it's not a legal requirement is simply a dodge, even though it's true. Saying it's reasonable to not know an email contains classified information because it was incorrectly marked is simply the testimony Comey gave before Congress, even though any reasonable person would think Clinton should know/feel when info may be classified.
Yea but it obviously means hes hiding something. That russian connection most likely.
Secretary Clinton has a far more substantiated connection to the Russian dictator than does Trump. Why are you concerned more with a currently baseless speculation about Trump?
Harry Reid just said today they have evidence of a strong connection between trump and Russian officials, If he didnt he would release his tax returns.
Harry Reid *says* a thing, but as of now has presented no **evidence** to support that thing. Kind of like how other prominent Democratic Party officials have made a claim about Russian Hacking, yet have presented no actual evidence supporting what they are claiming, simultaneously failing to address the validity of the released emails or their contents. So why should I take Harry Reid at his word? Everything I have seen from the Democratic Party's leadership in the year 2016 has left me with the impression that they are some of the most corrupt and ethically challenged people to ever serve in the Democratic Party, and that's saying quite a lot.
Lmao. I dont see how you can claim trump's ties to Russia are "baseless". Trump has a very strong connection to Russia. Multiple sources have confirmed Russian investment into trump businesses when American banks declined to business with him. In fact, Trumps previous campaign manager was a longtime consultant of the russian backed Ukrainian president that was recently ousted. This goes back to my original point, if Trump has nothing to hide then release the tax returns. He is obviously hiding something.
If these people actually cared about the returns they'd be lobbying the IRS to speed up his f/ing audit. Apparently it is better politics to just beat a drum that resonates with some section of the proletariat.
Trump's not releasing has nothing to do with the audit. He just doesn't want the world to see his finances. He isn't as rich as he says, and he doesn't want his ties to foreign governments exposed.
Congrats, you wasted my time. You're doing great work. I bet your parents are proud.
So your response is a personal attack, and not even attempt to repudiate any of the information shared. Aka admitting defeat.
You didn't share anything; you delivered a string of unfounded propositions and then errected a strawman. Again: Congrats, you wasted my time. You're doing great work. I bet your parents are proud.
There is literally nothing about an audit that would prevent him from releasing his tax returns.
There is literally advice from his laywers saying to wait. Who's he gonna trust?---the Agency out to fuck him in the pussy or a team of over-priced legal professionals who want him to keep them on retainer? Can't work it out?---run the Gedanken experiment yourself: who would _you_ take advice from? The Huffington Post or Your Legal Team? This election has turned me into such a cynic that **I seriously consider the possibility that you are a paid political operative.**
you people really are trying to push that hes not good. hes going to win because the klanton is literally the worst candidate to exist
Huff post is not a credible source of media, it never has been. It's equivalent to Infowars. This proves it.
It's all but official, Hillary Clinton won't release her Wall St speech transcripts or the 33k emails she erased before handing her server over to the FBI.
Has it been tradition for both candidates to release emails and speech transcripts to the general public for decades? You are aware that Trump has given speeches that don't have public transcripts, right?
It's usually tradition to hand over all evidence in an investigation to the FBI.
You'd think there might be a law that they would have charged her for breaking?
It'll happen soon, don't worry
[Of course it will!](http://replygif.net/i/166.gif)
The Wall Street speeches are out there they already leaked.
wasn't that a 2010 Wall Street transcript not the more pertinent 2014 ones she did before throwing her hat in the ring for president.
Shhh... you don't want to ruin the bullshit narrative.
It isn't a bullshit narrative. She said she'd look into releasing them and never did.
Several of them have been leaked for people to see. There was nothing earth shattering. So who gives a fuck anymore? Oh wait, Trump supporters are of course b/c that's what your orange overlord is telling you. And how the hell are his tax returns equivalent to her speeches? Tump supporters have an orgasm whenever he talks about how good he is at business or how he uses the tax code to avoid paying taxes. But if Clinton talks to big business somehow she's evil? It's a fucking joke and double standard. And how the hell is she supposed to release 33k emails that were deleted when, uh, they were DELETED. Unless they were backed up, then there's no releasing them.
But they are released now, and they're harmless. Nothing important or ground breaking is in them
Man yall are really trying hard to avoid addressing the fact that Hilliary is about to go to jail
>Man yall are really trying hard to avoid addressing the fact that Hilliary is about to go to jail Who is? I mean, I know due process confuses you but she hasn't been charged with anything much less tried and convicted.
Any day now!!!!!
Everyone is holding their breath for the announcement.
I love this subreddit. You all have such good jokes.
Hillary release your emails. lol
the secretary of state emails? the wikileaks emails? what emails?
you name it. maybe the 33,000 emails she deleted when she was investigated by the FBI. Hopefully, the 650,000 emails recently found will help you out bud
how does that make any sense though? if we're talking about potentially classified information, or even just sensitive information, why is that a good idea? what purpose does it serve?
lol. It shows that a corrupt politician will go to jail for doing illegal things. I personally don't need to see the emails, but the fbi sure does
Good.
He said he would release them, what's the problem.
An we should just believe it because he said he will?
You can if you want to. You don't have to. It's not important to me so whatever.
That he hasn't released them.
He said he will. You're demanding he do it on your timeline?
It's 8 days until the election. He knows his tax returns are going to make him look bad so he isn't going to release them before voting day, which is useless to us. Trump is full of bad promises and false compromise.
Can you share an example of false compromise? I'm not sure what a bad promise is but I assume you're just lacking the right words at the moment.
A bad promise being one he won't fulfill, such as his tax returns. I'm not sure why you're confused, but I assume you just lack reading comprehension.
Oh you mean a broken promise. A bad promise sounds like maybe one you don't want him to fulfill. What about a false compromise, what's an example of that in your world.
The elections is literally 10ish days away.
Yes sir it sure is, I hope you've made your choice
You should be ashamed for wanting people to make a choice without all the information they could have.
right now Hillary is demanding transparency from Comey on the investigation but she refuses to say if she has spoken to huma and asked her. Huma is lawyered up and negotiating with the FBI, so Huma knows something. Why don't we get transparency? Why won't they tell us what they know? That's important information, according to hillary it's important. Do you have that information?
Candidates release their taxes as a way of public vetting. Releasing them a day or two before the election doesn't give us time to look through them. Millions have already voted and may have voted differently based on what is in the returns. Quit being thick.
If the content of his taxes were important to those that didn't have the chance to see them, I trust that they used the information they did have available to form their opinions.
Everyone else released theirs months ago. Come on, man. You know he's not being honest.
Ok. Hillary is as corrupt as they come it seems.
Oh no! Hillary destabilizes countries, but Donald won't release his tax returns! WHO AM I TO VOTE FOR!
He's under audit. Enough said. Why should someone show more then they have to under audit
The IRS has specifically said being under audit does not prevent you from releasing taxes, so stop with the bullshit argument. He's not releasing them because they'll show he's worth far less than he claims, gives nothing to charity, and is tied up with Russian oligarchs. Meanwhile, "crooked" Hillary has released 30 years of tax returns.
I love this answer. So if that's the holdup why hasn't he released last year's? How about the year before? How about any year, ever, that isn't under audit? Wait, you mean this whole excuse is nonsense and he just desperately wants to avoid us seeing documents that will sink one or more angles of the con he's running?
He emailed them to Hillary.
Did Hillary released hers?
Yea
30 years of them
I find it more disturbing that Hillary refuses to release her Wall Street speeches. I don't give a shit about Clinton's or Trump's tax returns. They both make a shit load more than me.
Yea but trumps hiding something in his.
Nor should he, until Hillary Clinton releases her thousands of missing/deleted e-mails.
Which is weird... Hillary stated before she wouldn't release her speech transcripts until everyone's tax returns were made public. Trump being the only guy left, it was on him. Then those speech transcripts get leaked anyway. Still waiting on those taxes.
And his taxes got leaked. Still waiting on the rest of her e-mails and speech transcripts.
Who gives a shit? America is dead.
