As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil) * Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks) * Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail. * In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users. * Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not. Incivility results in escalating bans from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own. *** *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Trumpeters are thick tonight.
Early-onset Alzheimer's + a lifetime of being surrounded by yes men. It's really the only explanation.
Wait a second, which candidate are we talking about again?
At least Reagan only cracked after being elected This is just sad
It can strike at 60 or so, as happened to a member of classic rock band AC/DC recently ... so the Donald has a 10-year lead. Been thinking that recently. Even dyed in the wool conspiracy theorists run out of material at some time..
Its not really early...
No, but it IS in his family, and it IS hereditary.
Wait is this true? The family part
Yes. His father, [Fred Trump, suffered through Alzheimer's](http://www.nytimes.com/1999/06/26/nyregion/fred-c-trump-postwar-master-builder-of-housing-for-middle-class-dies-at-93.html?pagewanted=all).
Well that explains a lot. He reminds me a lot of my grandfather with Alzheimer's sometimes. I don't wish dementia on anyone though. But the way he speaks is so weird to me. Trump speaks in weird disorganized segments, with no filter, often meandering to random topics and then not even coming back to his original thought. Its like stream of consciousness if your consciousness is an asshole.
I haven't had first-hand experience with dementia or Alzheimer's, fortunately. I can say from looking at extended media appearances from the 1980s, the donald we see today speaks and acts very differently from what we see today. While you could argue that 1980s donald still used simply language, you can't argue that he didn't finish a thought or stay on track. Back then his use of grade-school language looked to be a device rather than a crutch. He had his points, he made them clearly and concisely, and he never seemed unhinged. I'm not a doctor and I won't pretend to know what diagnosis might be in play, but I can say from simple observation he's not the same guy we say 20-30 years ago. Maybe it is a sickness, or maybe just some new "character" he's playing, but in either case, it's no one I could vote for. 1980s donald seemed like a pretty reasonable, smart guy, even if I may have disagreed with his positions. That's like Romney for me. He's a very smart guy, I disagree with a number of his positions, but I don't doubt his sanity or capacity to lead... Today's donald, however, seems positively unhinged.
>“You could have 650 million people pour in. … You triple the size of our country in one week." Wasn't even a slip of the tongue. Who the hell is voting or this moronic frap.
Has he ever seen the lines at the border for tourist and commercial traffic? We'd need at least twenty new border crossings PER MILE OF BORDER.
I don't understand how there is moron left to vote for him. I guess there is that many deplorables.
The shit of our democracy...republicans
Of course people are voting for him. Because emails! I wish there was a more genuine /s here....
As far as I can tell, they have very legitimate complaints about their rural economies collapsing and their cultural heritage being decimated (all of it, not *just* the racist parts), and those complaints have been completely ignored for decades as things in their communities have gotten worse and worse and worse. So after all his time, they've given up on an effective political process and are ready to throw a brick through the window of politics-as-usual and tear the country apart out of spite and desperation. I don't think this is a rational way to solve their problems - in fact I think it's immoral and stupid - but I think that's the Ideological Turing Test version of their position.
> they have very legitimate complaints about their rural economies collapsing This is why the fight for a $15 national minimum wage drives me crazy. It works well in urban economies, but it would decimate rural businesses. The left sometimes is so out of touch with everything that's not their world.
I think the theory is that a lot of rural areas have national-level employers - like Walmart and other chains, or factories or w/e - who would be able to afford to pay the $15, and that increase in wages to workers in the town would stimulate the local economy enough for local businesses to eventually be able to afford that wage too. I don't know if that actually would work or not, though. But yeah, smarter people are arguing for a minimum wage pegged to the local cost of living; unfortunately it's a lot easier to rally the voters to a big, round number than to a complicated equation.
> increase in wages to workers in the town would stimulate the local economy enough for local businesses to eventually be able to afford that wage too That, ironically, sounds a lot like trickle-down economics. > smarter people are arguing for a minimum wage pegged to the local cost of living; unfortunately it's a lot easier to rally the voters to a big, round number than to a complicated equation I agree, and I still think it's a very important fight, which is why I'm happy with Sanders and Clinton for raising the discussion on the national stage.
> That, ironically, sounds a lot like trickle-down economics. I see why it would sound like that, but it's not. 'Trickle-down economics' is really a derogatory name for extreme supply-side economics, ie the idea that if you give money to the capitalists who *make* products, they'll be able to make more products and sell them for less while hiring more workers to create more jobs. This doesn't work in the long run because supply is ultimately capped by demand, and demand shrinks when you tax the workers to pay the capitalists. Paying workers more is demand-side economics; they have more money to spend and that creates economic opportunities for local businesses to sell to them. This is generally what you want in an economic slump where there's a lot of available labor but not enough demand to justify employing it, which describes many rural economies. Again, that's just my casual understanding from reading some blog posts by real economists; I could easily be wrong about any aspect of what I just said :P
Not too surprising. During the debates he kept mixing up millions and billions. I thought I had misheard him but after the 6th or 7th time I began to have a nagging suspicion that the man doesn't understand the difference.
He doesn't even seem mixed up here. He knows exactally what he's saying, he knows how big the number he's quoting is relative to the current population of the US. What he's saying is obviously insane and impossible, but he doesn't seem to care about that.
That's because he's a "billionaire". As long as he can pay off the right people and do whatever the fuck he wants with no consequences, *does it really matter*?
That may be the only way he gets to call himself a billionaire.
I assumed he meant to say 650k. That is amazing.
But he said triple the size of the country.
That explanation kinda goes out the window when he follows up by saying the US population would triple.
[deleted]
I found someone else who can't math!
[deleted]
Which has nothing at all to do with tripling the population. Adding 650K to 214K gives 864K and quadruples the population. Thanks for proving my point.
to triple the population, the USA would have to have 325K residents, because that, plus the 650K is 975K, and 975K/3 is 325K. IE: tripling the population. your proposed number quadruples the population.
I think they meant based upon the headline... Either way though, Trump is so dumb.
"650 miyyun" sounded a lot better than "650 thousand."
Million is better. More rhymes for the diss track.
Thing about Trump is it usually gets worse in context.
I'm not even mad. That's.....no, no I'm still mad.
If he meant 650k, he wouldnt've said the part about tripling the country.
You couldn't get 650 million immigrants into America in a weeks time even if the entire mother fucking planet orchestrated it.
Sure you could. Spend months shipping them into Canada, line them up by the border, then when you have all 650 million there they all walk across the border in a day or two. With enough preparation and coordination you could probably keep them fed for a month or two. Then they promptly die of starvation and disease because there's no infrastructure to support them over the long term.
This is a quote from Trump, noted delusional idiot. The practicalities are not at issue.
OMG Alex Jones was right!!! Aliens! (That's the only explanation that makes sense o.O)
You could, but it would have to be pre-planned before the week started, and all on the northern and southern borders, as well as a shit ton of flights and boats. Possible? Yes, likely? Hell no.
I decided to go out and figure out some numbers. [The most recent number I can get](https://www.quora.com/How-many-airplanes-fly-each-day-in-the-world) for flights-a-day is about 100 thousand (flights, not planes). The most popular civilian transport plane is the Boeing 737, which tops off at about 200 passengers a flight. And of course, these flights are empty in the opposite direction. Assuming the rest just average out, this means you'd probably be able to bus in about 10 million people a day. So with every freaking plane on the planet ferrying people into the US border, it'd still only take a tenth of the 'target quota' of the week. I'd do the same numbers for cars and boats, but those are much harder to calculate because then you'd need the logistics of moving people from wherever they were from anyway. Like, you could send planes to kidnap people from Asia and plant them in Mexico to then catapult over the border, but then you'd be taking away planes from the effort. I mean... Hell, that's the population of Canada, Central America, and urban South America, _and then some_. So then you'd need a way to ship in people from other continents regardless. Let's just assume he's actually in on some info regarding an impending asteroid impact, and this is just preparation for that.
To give you an idea what it would take to move millions (even billions) of people quickly, just take a look at [XKCD's take on it](https://what-if.xkcd.com/8/) and you'll realize how grim it really is. Trying to move that many people that quickly would be, not just impossible, but it would result in a catastrophic loss of life.
Eh, most of that is because in that situation every single person is in Rhode Island and it talks about no power because nobody is running the grid, no food because nobody to transport it, and no ability to get out because of traffic of all the people. In reality a crisis moving of 650m would move much smoother, we wouldn't be moving them all into a single place, every airport could accept all flights, and military landing strips and planes could carry more, cargo and other Mack ship could accept more. In 2010 we flew 1.75 million a day in the US, bump all those to make it wall to wall landings and it could probably go much higher, then also run all of the military ferrying people, and the commercial navy and it would likely be doable in a month. Trump is a complete dumbass though, but it's not entirely impossible to move that many people quickly if absolutely necessary.
Cool. Now we just have to figure out how to handle the water, food and sewage from an extra 65 million people and his story starts to sound not-impossible. Then we'll need to organize a Berlin Air Supply project on a never-before-imagined scale, and we'll be in business!
I'm just saying that the xkcd was not very relevant to this, and if the continental us had a billion people we'd only have around 140 people per square kilometer, comparable with other counties like India China, and more densely populated countries of Europe. If you add Alaska and Hawaii you get down to 100 per square kilometer.
I gotcha, but I'm saying that moving 65-million people, whether in a week, month or year, would be a logistical challenge the likes of which humanity has never even considered.
Also true, to kind of put into perspective it'd be all of north central and South America plus Russia to get to the 650 number, and there are about 36.5 million flights per year all around the world.
Oh, absolutely. I'm not sure there are many things at all we could get that many people do simultaneously.
I'm pretty sure we could orchestrate a 650 million person orgy. I'm willing to do my part...*for science*. I'm pretty sure it would end up being 640 million men, 5 million women, and 5 million furries though. Eh, how bout a BBQ?
You have to give him credit for knowing his audience. Nothing short of a complete fucking idiot would believe that drivel. Yet he's got ~~thousands~~ millions of them lapping it up. America's being overrun by simpletons. E: added a few zeros
If only it were only thousands... millions man... freaking millions!
Yes true, I was only referring to his rallies but sadly there are millions.
Can we corral them with the flat earthers? Put them on an island, let them run their own country and show us what's what. I'd give it 200 years until they rediscover gunpowder.
Standard Trump. Adding context somehow just makes him sound even dumber.
New campaign slogan. Trump 2016: In Context, it's Even Worse Than It Sounds
Trump supporters: "if you only listened to Trump directly and not through the librul media, you'd know the truth that he's the only hope our county has!"
So.. twitter has a liberal filter in place for trump then?
who ever said twitter was only liberal?
Trump's Razor. What is the stupidest interpretation given the facts? That he not only said it but said it deliberately. Bingo. "you'll triple the size of the country in one week". Lunatic
Hes so fucking stupid i cant take it. Like seriously, the guy is a complete moron. Hes proof if you're born rich enough, you'll pretty much stay that way in spite of yourself.
"Spoiled, rich bully ascends to the highest office in the land" The universe can't possibly be that unfair, can it?
It's almost like an object lesson in the worst aspects of our economic system and people still won't learn it.
but but they're just economically anxious....and a little fascist
What? Are we taking in 2/3 of India or something?
All those H1-B visas...
I'm sure he's talking about China with its 1,376,049,000 of people.
It would take five Mexicos and two Syrias worth of people all immigrating at once.
i think he talks about microscopic alien that he saw when alone at 3AM
As an expat Indian, if 2/3 or even 1/2 of India immigrated to US in a week, then I will go return to India the week after :)
India would be awesome if it had half the people in it! (It's still awesome now, just too crowded)
Yep. Who else is going to man the kabab truck on every corner? I may have gotten my dog whistle wires crossed.
a kebab truck for every man woman and child!
Hell yeah, that's at least as good as tacos, if not better.
Living the dream
And in a week too!
That's like 90 million per day. There are currently less than 50 million immigrants in the US.
Damn 650 million a week, how many is that each year?
33.8 billion That's a lot of people
x4 years that's 135.2 billion people in just 1 term. Vote trump! (/s so hard)
We can't have that many people here! They'll take all our jobs!
Only Hillary would think illegal immigrants from the rest of the Federation would be a good idea
I would be really impressed if she managed to pull this off from the logistical aspect alone!
If you were to take the 13 largest airports in the US and make them so they only say inbound travel, you might be able to do it in a year.
You can also use the Mexican airports. From what I understand the southern border is completely open until they build that wall.
Cmon, don't be a goober. You know he means she intends to line them up on the southern border and have them charge Braveheart style in unison... /s
Heck I guess even if you ramp it up to transportation levels which were achieved at the height of the air bridge to Berlin it wouldn't be possible to transport that much people.
Why do so many Americans want a president who is stupid? I mean, at this point, it's not just "he has some weird extreme views." The guy clearly has no fucking clue.
They share false narrative "news" articles on Facebook that make them think that he is a genius and that Hillary is going to prison for a long time. They don't look nor see the bullshit Trump does. They just think "oh that guy is great at business, he will make the jobs come back!" as a false hope that he's at all competent.
Because "he's not Hillary/he's a republican." For many, that is literally all that matters.
Realistically because they would rather have that then someone who's a criminal. Fucking sad this is what it's come down to and these are our choices.
Has she been convicted? What about Trump. Isn't he in the same boat of 'never been formally convicted but have a shit ton of law suits and pending legal charges' and unlike Hilary, there are direct Tue to his questionably legal actions INB the last actually having a direct link in harming other humans such as his practice of illegally evicting tenants, racial discrimination in housing, employing slave labor in his golf resort in Dubai, rape allegations etc? So in Trump's best case scenario, we have two crooks but one of them actually has nuanced knowledge on how the government is run and one doesn't.
I always wonder if Trump is stupid or if he just thinks the voters are.
It's part of a long-time mentality _against_ the "liberal elite", or in other words those who have a post-high school education. Higher education in the US is, to some, a sign of being out of touch or even brainwashed with "liberal" ideologies and politics. These people want a president who _isn't_ highly educated, and who speaks plainly and simplistically, so that they understand him. A president who actually stops to think, speaks in long sentences and tries to formulate difficult ideas into words is someone who is suspicious, and probably "up to something". It's gone from wanting a president you can "have a beer with", to wanting a president who hangs out in bars all day because he has no job.
Only explanation I can think of is the Conspiracy Theory that Trump is a false flag agent of Hillary. Because the unexpected Comey maneuver is giving him momentum, he has to work doubly hard to lose the election.
Because they're poor idiots who've been getting screwed by the "smart rich folk at Washington" for years and boy are they pissed
This is the closest to the truth. These are salt of the earth type people who have been screwed by the last 40 years of economic policy, and are feeling increasingly alienated by the social policy. Sadly their response is to dig the hole deeper and make it worse. Oh well.
I mean their is partisanship and (appointing) supreme Court judges but that doesn't explain how he manages to hit 40%
His lies get bigger and bigger by the day. We used to be aghast at how someone could deny things he's said on tape. Now he literally just makes *utterly insane* shit up. Not just like, oh that's not really stating the truth, or okay that's a lie, like...no basis in reality, completely and utterly false on every level lying.
because people hate hillary so much they are willing to deal with the devil himself rather than understanding that hillary is the better choice. i hate her also. but at least i understand whats at stake here if trump were to win.
What if he is deemed unfit to continue holding the office and the VP slides in? I'm just thinking of any possibility.
people dont care about that. pence would be even worse then trump since i think trump would just be a figurehead anyway. pence is the one who knows politics and could steer us down an even worse path. but people just dont care. they dont care that trumps tax plan wont help them unless they are rich. they dont care that his health care plans will destroy womens health rights. they dont care that other countries have already stated they will not support the u.s. if trump is elected. they dont care that trying to redo trade deals with china and mexico will hurt american jobs. they only care about ANY of these things. they only care that they hate hillary and nothing else matters to them except keeping her out of the white house because they are selfish misinformed politically uneducated assholes who only care about themselves who are voting for someone that is going to make their lives worse and they are too selfish and stubborn to realize it.
Because having a president who is savvy and politically connected and has a private email server is like a billion times as worse. I'm telling you it's yuge.
Every day I wish people will finally realize that he's a turd wrapped in gold sheets, and every day the stupidity of a sizeable portion of the American people marvels me. Who knows, maybe today will be the day. Probably not, but hey, one can hope.
Hahahahahahhahahaha.... Yeahhhhhh...*yeah.....* I wish that too. I think we both know that if they didn't see that the first year of this guy blaring into every facet of our lives...they sure as fuck won't see it by election day.
Given Trump supporters math skills they will believe this anyway. Million, billion, thousands, 2+2... All too complicated
I think its safe to say if Hilary gets elected over 7 trillion dollars of people will come into the United States. The nation is already in debt of several trillion dollars, how will 7 trillion people dollars impact the US? ISIS is killing people and Hilary wants to allow more people into the country? I have the best businesses in the world, but she thinks its okay to allow these people in?
Nah. Well some are perhaps, but the rest are saying "It was OBVIOUSLY an exaggeration. Dumb media can't figure that out." But of course, it doesn't make it much better because it displays how much of a terrible speaker he is if he makes that many exaggerations.
Then you point out that *everything he says* must be an exaggeration then, and that's when things start going south in a hurry.
Because so many Americans are stupid themselves.
Exactly. It's like the adage that bosses like to hire people less smart than themselves to make them feel smarter. How do we find someone who makes 320 million people feel smart? Well, here he is. All the people I know who support Trump are people who routinely say equally bonkers things.
Mike Judge predicted this with "Idiocracy". What's happening now is the prologue to that movie.
Those Americans are so stupid they can relate to him.
Because they don't care how smart the guy is kicking out all those evil non-white Christians, just as long as they get kicked out. Mass deportation, the wall, and abortion have become the fucking only issues the right even pretends to care about.
If that's the case does "fiscal conservatism" even exist in the republican party anymore? It seems like it's taking a back seat.
Not really. The real fight now is between the "religious conservatives" like Ted Cruz and the "cultural conservatives" like Trump. Fiscal conservatives like Paul Ryan don't really have a base in the party anymore. (Which isn't necessarily a bad thing either, since Paul Ryan's budget plan included things like eliminating Medicare and would have been a disaster if he had gotten it passed).
Lol, name the last Republican who practiced fiscal conservatism. They just preach it and expand the govt.
The best argument against democracy is a 5 minute conversation with the average voter -Winston Churchill.
All quotes on the internet were said by the people they're attributed to. -Abraham Lincoln
They prefer the term "poorly educated".
Hey. You. Fuck you. People like you are the reason I left the Democratic party and registered as independant. Everyone in this entire comment chain is acting like they're above anyone who doesn't have a college degree, then pretending to be a victim of anti intellectualism. What happened to the Democratic party being the party of the common man? Are those who vote Democrat without a college degree below you as well? I'm not voting for trump, but I damn sure ain't voting for Hillary, I may never vote Democrat again if this is the direction the party is going. And yes, it's true that people are not stupid just because they didn't go to college. People are not stupid for voting for trump, either. I don't like the guy, but real people have real concerns that effect their lives that Trump appeals to. Just because someone's worldview is different from yours, doesn't make it automatically incorrect. Come visit a blue collar town in the rust belt and ask them what they think. You might gain some perspective.
how does it feel to be an independent, schoenstein?
You must be fun at parties. It's a joke juxtaposing how people talk about race and using Trump's ham handed phrasing.
Tell that to all the people below you who are going on about exactly what I was talking about. Ok, it was a joke, fantastic. Do you agree with the people who replied to you, or don't you?
Temporarily embarrassed geniuses.
>They prefer the term "self-educated". FTFY
Education is for foreigners and corrupt politicians. The Bible is the only book you need. And even then, it's not necessary to read it. You can infer whatever you want bc God and Jesus.
I love the poorly educated!
Low-information voters
Trump loves the poorly educated!
Education has a liberal bias...
I know Paul Ryan thinks this is all fucking ridiculous and is praying Trump fever ends on Nov. 9th.
They prefer "badly educated" FTFY
"A very against the educated voter"
It's Spelt Merickan, thank you very much!
"badly learnt" FTFY
Ain't no book learnin'
Bigly stupid
*Big league
Except when he says it, you only hear one G.
i prefer the term " basket of deplorables "
They prefer the term "street smart" because movies have told them that everybody who isn't "book smart" is street smart.
Are you talking about "rap culture" and abusing women? Those "thugs" are horrible, but we love Trump! Grab our pussies please!
'graduated from the University of Hard Knocks'.
but trump said if i walk down the street i will be shot
To quote Hans Kim: "Oh, so you're smart in a way that's neither measurable nor quantifiable? How convenient for you."
Luckily they are also unlikely to know what a tautology is.
And that being "book smart" is useless and bad.
For many years you could get a good paying job from becoming a factory worker and higher education wasn't important for the working middle class. That's where this mentality comes from
No it doesn't. Being successful without higher ed has not lead to the hatred of higher ed.
Yes, but the overt anti-intellectualism seems more like a product of right wing media and politicians more than just the existence of blue collar jobs.
Well you get this arrogant attitude from boomers who look at the younger generation and say shit like: "well when I was 20 I already owned a house, two cars, had 2 kids, my wife stayed at home and I didn't even go to college." So they just want to spoil anything they view as an entitlement when they have no clue just how privileged they were.
most definitely and probs the religiousity of some americans
> religiousness No need to question when a book and church already learned you all you need to know.
Anti-intellectualism has been a part of America for decades. It's just recently that some of the right has been capitalizing on it because their other demographics (Latinos, for example) have been leaving.
I can't believe anyone can vote for a man this stupid. And yet, here we are.
Shows how bad Hillary is.
No, it shows just how horrible a lot of our population is.
You sure make an awful lot of anti-Hillary comments for a 22 day old account.
I make an awful lot of anti Hillary comments on my original as well
Just wait 10 days.
Some of them are voting for him twice.
Clearly your misunderestimating how stupid peple r, d00d. ^:) ^^:| ^^^:( ^^^^:F
This is about as stupid as that one Republican who was afraid that islands might capsize.
Or as that on Republican that thought Pepe was an attack by the Russian government to influence the election... oh wait.
No one said that
[Dem actually, but thanks for this.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNZczIgVXjg)
Ah, see, I hesitated for a second. Should've double checked. Nonetheless, same level of incredible stupidity.
He's from Georgia, so him being a republican wouldn't have been surprising. And yeah, that's... man, that's incredible.
I mean, how many gaps in a person's knowledge must exist so that they can even conceive of something so horribly incorrect. And then the good people of Georgia go and decide that he's worthy of one of their most important jobs. Now we're seeing that Trump is *basically that* level of stupid.
>In December 2009, Johnson revealed that he had been battling Hepatitis C (HCV) for over a decade, which resulted in slow speech and a tendency to regularly get "lost in thought in the middle of a discussion".........In February 2010, Johnson successfully completed an experimental treatment for Hepatitis C, which resulted in restored mental acuity, weight gain and increased energy. This happened a month later. I'm guessing it had to have something to do with his treatment
Excuses excuses
Very interesting!
Huh...*checks math on US population*...that seems a bit ridiculous. So he's saying an additional 9.28% or so of the WORLD POPULATION will emigrate? I'm starting to think Trump may not understand...everything.
That's also more than half of Mexico's population
Anything
This is a huge compliment to Clinton. Apparently America is so bad right now, Obama's ruined everything but Clinton will do such a good job that almost everyone who can will want to move there
It's only two immigrants per citizen.... There are only 580 million people in Mexico, Central and South America combined.
For all the talk of how shitty America is and how it's a "third world country," I'm kinda confused as to why so many people would be cla miring to move here. Why not Mexico? I heard they're "the eighth wonder of the world" and that they have "all our jobs and wealth" while we only have "drugs and crime." I'm starting to think there isn't a lot of logical consistency to Trump's worldview...
He's delusional. It makes zero sense. Why would this happen under Hillary Clinton's presidency, when nothing even remotely like that happened under Obama? Immigration will increase from 1M/year to 650M?
> Why would this happen under Hillary Clinton's presidency, when nothing even remotely like that happened under Obama? Ask the Republican nutters where all of the death panels are. Or when the extermination or whatever the fuck it was supposed to be of the South or Texas or whatever the hell idiocy with Wal*Mart was is taking place. Or when there are going to be soldiers knocking on their doors to take away their guns.
>Immigration will increase from 1M/year to 650M? 650M in 1 week... not over a year, or hell 8 years... but 1 week?
Can you imagine? "February 20th to 26th, 2017, the week when 1 in 10 humans on planet Earth all moved to America" I'd like to hear Trump explain this a little more.
Since he'd just double-down on it, I'd rather not. Listening to him talk about anything, let alone something as absolutely fucking idiotic as this? I'd prefer an endless supply of earwigs in every orifice.
True enough. I guess I just want him to answer some more specific questions about it, to expose the idiocy behind these claims. Which countries would these 650 million people come from? How would they get to America? Boat? Plane? Crossing a land border? What would happen when they arrived? Why hasn't anything like this this happened already, and what would change under a Clinton presidency?
Because it was all part of Obama's plan. First he and Hillary create ISIS, then they hold off on taking everyone's guns and opening the borders until after the election so that when the Iraqis retake Mosul we can move their caliphate to the Walmarts in every Red state. Get with it. Just remember that if I made a fake Wikileaks email with this plan in it I might get a Drudge headline...
The only way that this would happen is if the US annexed most South America, Canada and some Middle Eastern countries. In one week. Lol.
Trump would just annex Mexico. That way the wall doesn't have to be as long.
It actually lines up pretty neatly with just annexing the entirety of the Americas. [Approx. 660 million non-US Americans](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_in_the_Americas_by_population)
Or they could annex China and do two times as planned. Would deal with two problems at once. Oh, god
Nightmare fuel, man. *Probably what Trump would do.*
You forgot central America dude. Pop. of Canada ( 36m) + pop. of Central America ( 175m)+ pop. of S. America ( 424m) + ISIS = 650m.
You seriously think ISIS has a population of 50 million?
[How else can they take over the US?](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/oct/12/donald-trump-florida-rally-isis-hillary-clinton)
Well considering Hillary literally founded ISIS, I think we can safely assume there is an army of Middle Eastern jihadist clones in the Clinton Foundation basement ready to be unleashed upon the world when she siezes dictatorial power through massive poll rigging.
The FBI has the emails where she explains it all to a dick pic.
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6a/1984_fictitious_world_map_v2_quad.svg
I think you discovered where many of his ideas on the world are coming from. I'm slightly terrified.
Doublethink, duckspeak, cult of personality, denial of objective reality beyond what is politically convenient... Oh yeah. We are so fucked even if he loses.
Make The Americas Great Again?
In one week, no less.
If she keeps that rate up she'll have over 33 billion immigrants living in America in a year. Clearly we have to stop this woman.
Looked for some numbers. 2012 had 67 million visitors to the US, 2013 had 69.6 million. And we haven't seen dozens of airlines going bust in those years so let's assume occupancy is sufficient. It is going to be a fucking busy week at the ports. Best stay at home (might want to stock up on tinned food too)
Hillary used all those Clinton Foundation funds to build an ark, those 650 million people are already sailing to the new world.
8 million people fly on airplanes a day so if the US hijacked everybody flying everywhere in the world and didn't let them leave the country you'd be 10% there after a week. Just need to find a way to bring in ten times that amount.
An _awful_ lot of that figure is European and Asian short-hop flights on A320s and 737s and similar; they mostly don't have the range or fit-out for intercontinental flight.
And that is assuming US airports have unlimited capacity to receive planes in a day.
Australia tried to warn us about the boats, but we wouldn't listen.
I suppose all the Canadians and Mexicans could drive or walk. Might be some traffic queues crossing the Rio Grande and places like Niagara Falls if the entire population move at the same time but we can get a bunch in that way. after that I'm stumped. Converted oil tankers? Teleporters?
Canadians would be pretty easy. I'm in Calgary so about three hours I could be there, set up shop in Great Falls Montana I suppose. And most cities are even closer. I'm also stumped after that.
I'm picturing all of Windsor, Ontario just trying to pop across on the Ambassador Bridge and the twitching won't stop.
Calgary. what a nice place. I fear 3 hours is optimistic. Bear in mind you and the rest of Alberta will be on the road to Carway border crossing into Washington. Here is a picture of it in real reality not the Trumpverse: https://c2.staticflickr.com/8/7383/9213304794_a5e7814e6f_b.jpg Good luck! Pack sandwiches for the journey
He isn't wrong. I caught some Syrian Refugees parachuting into my backyard. Thanks Obama!
Parachutes? Hillary will buy them first class tickets using taxpayer money! Free foreign made cars when they land! She'll fire Americans so that the Syrians will have jobs!
I could see this appearing on many facebook feeds.
I hear she's initiating a guns seizure just so she can give them to Syrian refugees!
Wolverines!
How do people take this guy seriously
Maybe he's dog-signaling the rational people, just like he dog-signals the racists? *"Please for the love of God vote for Hillary, there's no way I can handle this job."*
"He speaks the thoughts that are in my mind!" -- Trump supporter
Don't you know patriot, he's telling it like it is!
Yup, pretty much all of Europe is going to pack it up and head on over
I already started packing, but then I thought: "Do I really wanna live in a shit show like the US?" - I'm now moving to the Congo instead.
I swear to God that if tomorrow Donald Trump started bleeting about flat earth theory: "It's flat, it's flat, trust me folks, it's flat! The internationalist globalist bankers together with Clinton and the Chinese have come up with this hoax that "the world is round" to stiff us in air travel prices. They are laughing at us, folks, they are laughing at us." I swear to God the next minute centipedes would be defending him using all the flat earth talking point theory and his 40% base would say they're still voting for him. How is **THIS** that different from flat earth theory? It's within the same realm of too embarrassing for a six year old level of preposterous stupidity.
Looks flat from Trump tower...
No. Just no. Like god fucking damn it. HOW THE FUCK DO PEOPLE LISTEN TO THIS SHIT AND BE LIKE "'YEP HE IS SMART ENOUGH TO RUN OUR COUNTRY"?! EDIT: A fucking week. He said she will let 650 Million people into the country in a week. Like holy fucking shit.
I think he is referring to her policy on a borderless country.
Dude, even if the US didn't have borders, it's logistically near-impossible to move 650 million people from wherever-the-fuck-he-means to here within a week. Like, relevant to the point, Syria and Mexico combined would only make up around 150 million. Where are we getting the rest from, fucking Narnia? Edit: According to the wiki Narnia only has a population of 2 million, so that's out
Can you show me where she said the US should be borderless?
No he's beyond analogies at this point. When he said Obama founded Isis i thought he meant some of his policies in the middle east allowed for the grooming of this group. Nope, he thinks Obama literally made v phone calls and founded Isis. When he announced his wall idea i thought he was making a clever analogy for immigration reform. Nope he actually meant we would build a wall like Berlin. This is not an analogy. This man doesn't know what they are. He only speaks literally.
Because confirmation bias.
What, you don't think we could add over the entire population of the continent to one country in a week?
They know. Shit everyone knows, it's plain as day how unfit he is and they know it. They just hate Hillary with an unmitigated passion or vote Republican because that's their team and you gotta support your team no matter what.
Of course, it's genius. At that rate, it will only take a mere 11 weeks before everyone on the planet has moved into America, putting an end to illegal immigration forever.
They're going to air drop them all in. If one lands on your property it's legally their property now!
but muh emails and Benghazi
I'm not sure 650,000 people would be ready and able to enter the country in a week even if they wanted to, let alone 650,000,000.
That would be the single largest mass migration of people to one spot in human history I'm 99.99% positive. Its 1 and half South Americas. 10% of the world population. And he believes this.
you could literally move every human being from north of the US and south of the US into America and that's still just shy of 650 million people.
America for USA, and so on.
I don't believe you could pull that off even if you used all the world's commercial and military planes. It equates to 93 million people a day. If you used only Airbus A380's, the world's largest passenger airliner, which can carry about 540 people, it would take 171,958 daily trips to the continental United States. However, as of 30 September 2016, only 195 A380's have been built worldwide. I'm too lazy to run the numbers for all the world's passenger airliners and military transport planes, but it's probably impossible.
If they were on the border before the week started, it would be just a matter of walking across. Now getting them to the border would be one hell of a task.
[The number seemed very arbitrary to me at first but now I get it](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=population+of+the+americas-population+of+USA)
Oh... so everyone from North and South America are going to abandon their homes and come to America. Including the Canadians because of our superior healthcare... Got it.
Yupp, all of Southamerica is going to carpool and there won't be any problems in Panama when they pass.
TBF he doesn't believe anything. It's all just words to manipulate people. Words don't matter.
I can only imagine he has the same grasp on object permanence as a dog does, but with speech. As soon as a statement is made it just drifts off into the ether and ceases to exist in his mind. He'll say whatever and follow up with something directly contradictory because the idea he put forth in the first place was forgotten as soon as he said it.
He gives them permission to be racist. He shows they can do it without social consequences. Everything else is window dressing.
I wouldn't want trump to run a bath
Because he'd insist on staying?
Because those listening are dumber.
'Cause Monica sucks, but not as good as Hillary!! Hurppa Derp! MAGA!
And dumber....er.
LOLLLLLLLLLL. This fucking guy has no end. Also please everyone upvote this. This is front page worthy
I really want to see how many of his supporters actually believe him about this, this is so fucking random. The two main countries he complains about are Syria and Mexico. Even if those countries were *completely emptied*, that'd only make up 150m. I'd have thought he meant thousand rather than million but no, he mentioned tripling the size of the country. It's comments like this that really make me question if he has more things going wrong in that brain than NPD. edit: This was so bizarre I thought it might have been someone trolling to bait us, but nope, here he is saying it: https://youtu.be/rjqAsbufsTI?t=8002
Even for Trump that's bizarre
It does seem rather a lot of people, doesn't it.
One tenth of the population of the planet? Like, wtf
9.28% and change.
You knew this was coming: /r/theydidthemath
Happy Halloween! r/theydidthemonstermath
/r/itwasagraveyardgraph
/r/theydidthemath
Numbers are rigged I guess. Considering the population of the US is about 325M right now!
The entire population of South America is 423 million.
He's talking about the Americas as a whole, I assume. Anyhow if you add up the populations of Latin America and Canada you roughly get 650 million people. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Latin_American_countries_by_population https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Population_of_Canada
Its called rounding duh haha
Well when they all couple up, have a kid, and Hillary lets them in, then Trump will be right!
But they need to do that in a week.
so your saying shes going to let in 200 million refuges from Syria?!?!?!?!
I know why there's more anti-Trump stuff posted here. Because he never stops staying stupid shit like this.
What's interesting, in a baffling and horrifying sorta way, is how such shit just freely comes right out of him, no matter how hyperbolic, and, apparently, without any type of self-editing. I mean, I don't think that even he has any idea about how what he says has so little basis in reality, that such thoughts just never cross his mind. And, he does this so naturally, like it's second nature to him to just casually and blatantly lie right to your face, no matter how colossal and ridiculous the lie.
> I know why there's more anti-Trump stuff posted here. Notice how a lot of "anti-Trump" stuff is quite literally just quoting the fucker.
reality is biased!
650 million is roughly the number of non-Americans living in the Western Hemisphere. So he's saying every man, woman and child in Mexico, Canada, Central and South America is going to enter the United States. In one week.
There are about 1.3 billion Muslims, so it could be half of that and none from south of the border.
If the airlines devoted all flights to bringing in these folks, it would still take roughly a year. It would take a century-ish to process them all. This is reminiscent of Rush Limbaugh saying there was no immigration to the U.S. (legal or otherwise) from from 1924 to 1965.
What the fuck, lol. Where does he come up with this shit?
His cottage cheese ass?
I'm guess he confused number with the 650k emails.
That's what I thought too, but no. He did math with it and everything. > Hillary Clinton “wants to let people just pour in,” Trump said at a rally in Albuquerque, N.M. “You could have 650 million people pour in. … You triple the size of our country in one week.”
Okay, so that's combined population of South America, Central America and Russia are all going to arrive in the US in one week. I should probably plan for traffic on my daily commute, I guess.
We're gonna need a bigger boat
Current population is approximately 322 million. **Hillary would double the immigration that has occurred in the 396 years since Mayflower.** Why not vote for superwoman? Edit: I didn't even factor in the Native population that already existed before immigrants started coming in.
We need to be #1 in everything. including population size.
You'd still be behind places like Gina and India. Closer, though.
It's possible that most or all of this theoretical 650 million comes from China or India, reducing those populations while increasing ours. No way to make us number one but we could easily become number 2 in population and within 100 million of first. Maybe we pass them in the second week of Trumps scenario.
Fair enough. And given that she's supposed to start WW3, according to Putin, she could reduce their populations with the push of a button.
Well, as Trump said, that's only week one. You should see how many people will be moving in week two!
It's our soft opening
He just can't stand being out of the headlines.
Shh... don't tell him. I don't think he realizes what he's doing.
Trump: *...65 thousand...* Miller: *Make it biglier.* Trump: *650 thousand?* Miller: *BIGLIER!*
Does he not know the US population? Cuz that's more than double all of us.
He does. Because he says it will triple the United States.
No. He said it would triple our size, the entire quote is in the article. He knew exactly what he was talking about which is scary lmaooo
This ranks really high on the stupid scale, even for Trump.
How are his supporters so fucking ignorant to believe this shit? Fuck these people are unbelievably gullible. At least I know Hillary is a "better of the two evils" candidate, Trump's supporters meanwhile think he's the fat fucking orange jesus reincarnate.
Numbers are hard. They have no sense of scale or perspective in the world. Hell, I bet he could convince them that heliocentricity is wrong.
Good, the Midwest could use some filling out
haha good one donnie. why you holding yourself back, just make it an even billion.
According to google, there are 324,227,000 (approx.) people in the US as of 2016. So Trump is saying, Hillary could let in twice the number of the current population in the span of a week... ?????????????
A chicken in every pot and 2 mexican laborors for every American.
Yeah, didn't you see the 600,000,000 person line at Ellis Island?
He says it in the video... "triple the size of our country in one week".
I know he says that. I was actually checking population data to make sure. I'm more impressed he did the math.
I'll take numbers pulled out of an ass for 600, Alex
Surprise twist: each email on Anthony Weiner's laptop contained 1000 green cards, first come first served.
Doesn't he have just the best and biggest numbers, folks?
He's not stupid. He's fanning the hate and fear. That's the only way he can win at this point.
Why not both? Stupid plus fearmongering.
What a clown.
lol. /r/the_meltdown begins.
Fuck man I'd vote to see that happen. Mexico's 100M, Central America is only 46M, but South America is at 410M~ We're close to 100M short of that claim. Where she'll get them is a fucking mystery
She's going to clone Syria 5 times then let them all in as well duh
Are we about to capture Britain or something?
That wouldn't be even close to enough, you would need pretty much the entire Americas
plus Australia for good measure.
Or half of all Muslims.
And even that wouldn't be enough.
As if the Starbucks lines weren't long enough :(
wat
Thats like...more than twice the current population
And if Trump wins there will be 318 million new immigrants in Canada.
She's going to let twice the population of America in? How the fuck does that work?
It's theoretically possible, but incredibly unlikely to happen. Now triple the size in 1 week? That would be incredibly hard to do. There are 3 ways to get into the US, by air, by boat, and by land. There are around 90k flights per day in the US, around 2k or less are international, but let's say it's 5k, at an average of say 200 per plane, that's 1M x 7 = 7M, only 643M to go. No clue on the sea figures but it's doubtful it could get up to 1M within a week. So.. Canada, that's what 36M people? Fuck it... come on down, that's 607M to go. All of Mexico? Let's say 125M That's only 482M to go... The only way I could see it happening in a week is if well up to the start of that magical week people knew about it months in advance, and pretty much lined up at the border or on boats, and at the start of the week all started to pile in. Now with that said... Net migration is at 0 or lower. When illegals can't find work or opportunity they tend to leave. With 650M new people coming into the country sure there would be some jobs added quickly due to the increased demand (if they brought money with them), but finding jobs, and or any real semblance of a stable income once here? Not a fucking chance in hell for the vast majority. One final note. I had to read the story and see if he actually said it. I thought... even he can't be that stupid.. click. well damn I guess he is.
Between this and the 4 or 5 ballots thing, he's taking things to a new level of bullshittery today.
its not even a mistake. It's not like he meant to say 65 million and accidentally said 650. He legitimately said and confirmed he thought the US could triple in population IN ONE WEEK!
Well, obviously Ghina is going to build a lot of massive human Gatling guns and fire people at the US at a rate of 1,078 per second.
So more than twice the total US population then? Yeah, okay.
So then taco trucks on every corner is closer to becoming a reality. Fantastic!
Fearmongering is a typical tactic of the right wing whether it be fascists or even just your run of the mill Republicans scared about gay people, racial/ethnic minorities, atheists, or whatever. These people don't even surprise me anymore with the stuff they say. I've seen the most BS conspiracy theory nonsense from these folks for years about all kinds of stuff. Makes me angry, but not surprised that they would say it.
BREAKING NEWS! CLINTON WILL LET IN 8 BILLION PEOPLE INTO THE UNITED STATES! THEY WILL ALL TAKE OUR JOBS!
Also this will go up to 10 billion if we include the crab people and 11 billion if we include the reticulans.
well, I mean, technically... there's room. You could fit the entire population of the planet in an area the size of Rhode Island if they stood shoulder to shoulder.. Entire population of Mexico is 122 million. Entire Population of Canada 35.16 million. Entire population of Syria 22.85 million. So... where are the other 400 million coming from?
>You could fit the entire population of the planet in an area the size of Rhode Island if they stood shoulder to shoulder.. 7+ billion people? Is there a source for the math?
> 7+ billion people? Is there a source for the math? There's a good example at [XKCD.](https://what-if.xkcd.com/8/)
If all the population was given one meter of space, that's 7200 square kilometers, as 1 sq kilometer is 1,000,000 square meters. That's actually slightly larger than Delaware. However, shoulder to shoulder packs them tighter, so it's not unreasonable to assume that we could pack them in to the 3139 square kilometers of Rhode Island. It'd be really unlucky for the ones that ended up over lakes and rivers though. 7.2 billion divided by 1 million = 7200 (in kilometers because it's way easier)
Theres only 35 million people in canada? Holy shit.
\*adds that to the list of reasons to move to Canada\*
They like living in a narrow band on the border. For some reason places like Nunavut aren't that popular.
I made it up to Yellowknife in the Northwest Territories once, absolutely beautiful, but if anything goes wrong you are potentially days from anything the (moderately sized) city can't provide. The fact that people live hundreds of miles *from that* is mind blowing. I went to college in Houghton, Michigan; I can appreciate a good winter and some isolation from society, but Nunavut, Northwest Territories, and Yukon take that to a new level.
Oh man, Yellowknife is an amazing place, I'd love to go. Of course I was being facetious about the population of Nunavut. There are actual Inuit who still make actual igloos as hunting lodges and eat walruses and polar bears raw. The weather and lifestyle might seem a bit austere if you are used to West Edmonton Mall or the CN Tower. Only yesterday someone told me about a place I'd never heard of, the sandy desert of the Kobuk National Park in Alaska. You guys are sending me a message. I need to go to the Arctic apparently.
And we've still taken in three times the Syrian refugees Americans have, without almost falling apart at the seams.
That's because you only have 35 million people in a place twice the size of the US.....do you not see the point?
Almost all of our population lives very closely packed near the Canada-US border and most of the land is too cold for yearlong inhabitation by the average Joe. We're not shipping the refugees off to the North Pole. So no, I don't see the point.
There are more people in California than all of Canada. Actually sorta mind blowing when you think about it.
I don't who is more stupid him or his followers.
I think that Obi Wan rhetorically posed a similar question to Han Solo.
Blatant fear-mongering. Must be desperate.
Really? **I thought** she was four more years of Obama and the most deportations we have ever seen. **I thought** their problem with the democrats was of not distinguishing between legal and illegal immigrants.
If he's that good at math, no wonder he's always under audit...
When he says something this stupid it makes even his slowest supporters feel smart for recognizing how wrong he is. They like feeling smart, so they like listening to him. They don't like listening to Hillary because she's highly intelligent and can convey complex ideas. They don't understand complex ideas, so they don't like her.
"Folks... If I had a dollar for eeevery immigrant that Crooked Hillary Rotten Clinton is going to let in to our terrible country, and it is terrible, third world, getting worse every second, If I had a dollar for every immigrant that she will let in with zero vetting, terrible people folks, I'd almost have enough money to make back what I lost in 1995. BELIEVE ME!"
For the record, that's enough people for the entire American landmass to move to the United States, and still have another 24 or so million people left over.
this will be the greatest feat of logistic ever seen on earth. every plane, boat, bus and train in the world will need to be mustered for this transportion miracle. the only thing that was even close to this are the spring migration in china that move more than 300 million migrant worker home for chinese new year celebration in two weeks time.
If Hillary could pull this off she deserves to be president
she should run the world if she is capable of such amazing level of organization.
The heart of this statement is built on a contradiction that many conservatives endorse: that democratic leaders are both wholly incompetent and yet in possession of near omnipotent power. Clinton created ISIS and now she can teleport 1/10th of the earth's population.
I mean with all the things republicans call Hillary she might be able to do that. They seem convinced she's some omnipotent witch.
And then we'll have enough soldiers to invade China! 12D Hungry Hungry Hippos.
She's going to let in 100+% of the US population into the country....? Yeah...
I heard it was 750M... I mean, fuck it, why not?
Just make it an even billion so most of the world's Muslims end up in the US.
Why not 7 billion. If we are going to bring every Muslim we might as well bring everyone else.
A few weeks ago he said just 300M, wish he'd make up his stupid mind.
That's more people than all of the EU.
I'm guessing this is in reference to her open borders statement to that one Brazilian bank, which has already been [debunked](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/oct/12/donald-trump/trump-ive-been-proven-right-about-clinton-wanting-/)
For context, that's the population of all of Mexico and then every Central and South American nation combined. Apparently all coming in the same week.
Hell yeah, we need to get that population up to a billion, stat!
Do you guys really not know where he is getting the 650 million from? That is the population of Mexico, and all of Central America and South America. He is claiming Clinton (in secret meetings) said she wanted free movement for all of the Americas (like the EU, but for North and South America), so everyone in the Americas aside from Canada will move to the states in one week.
> so everyone in the Americas aside from Canada will move to the states in one week. How is that any less of a batshit insane claim to make?
Gotta compete with India and China somehow
Pretty great achievement for the mentally handicapped community that one of their own has nearly a 20% chance of becoming president
Look, if Hillary Clinton can personally pull off the single greatest feat of logistics in the entire course of human history then she deserves to do whatever the fuck she wants. edit: In the interest of taking Donald Trump literally, but not seriously, here's what our new Femperor has to figure out. We're looking at 92,857,142 people coming across the border every day during that week. This works out to about 1075 people coming into the US *every second*. According to one statistic I found about 350 million people enter the US legally per year, so that's a rate of about 12 people per second. There's about 62,450 employees working in customs and border control, so assuming no efficiencies of scale the US border patrol is going to have to employee somewhere in the neighborhood of 5,594,479 people just to process the new arrivals. Talk about a jobs program. This doesn't even touch on the vast armadas of ships and planes required to carry out this operation, or the food, or how you're going to deal with the waste created by these millions of new arrivals. Hillary has a lot of work on her hands.
I am not adding to this discussion, and you can down vote me to hell, but I am so sick of this lying dick bag. 650, goddamn, million? He took the original 65,000 and inflated it by a couple of zeroes like he does his imaginary worth. What a fucking Philistine! Please go away, you incontrovertibly irresponsible ass jockey.
Why do a bunch of immigrant descendants care so much about immigrants?
Trump supporters do you believe this?
[This bullshit is literally a Penny Arcade strip: "20 million kids are eaten by bats every second."](https://www.penny-arcade.com/comic/2007/02/09)
I guess that's one way to ensure a taco truck on every corner.
I'm curios. Does anybody know where he got this number from. He's got to be talking about something Hilary said, but he didn't quote her, just made some really big step.
Ahh yes, A Republicans two best friends....doom....and gloom....
Fun fact. One country that come to mind that handled this kind of immigration in short time is Israel in the first years going from 600,000 to 1.2 million in two years from 1948 to 50. And it took more than a decade to build them all homes, etc.
Wow, just think about the GDP growth we'd have with 650M new consumers and workers. We could pay of the national debt in a few years easy.
Huh. You'd think it would be in his best interests to not be running for president and just let her do that. The reason being he's in real estate and this would create a massive boom in the housing industry. Can you imagine what this would do the stocks Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae?
Even if every single foreign visitor to the US (approx. 70 million/year) stayed, Clinton couldn't do that even in 2 terms
Ironically Trump's alt right supporters talk about "6 Trillion Jews" as some kind of holocaust denial meme (IIRC some article said "6,000,000 million" and the Alt right used it as semi ironic proof that the holocaust was exaggerated).
Oh yeah well Trump will cost America eleventy billion jobs. See I can pull numbers out of thin air and attack candidates too. Sign me up GOP!
"I'm sure he meant 650 *thousand.*" ... deaddove.jpg
He simply isn't held accountable by his supporters.
So we'll double our population? Sounds legit
Is REALLY somebody buying these??
I have never heard Trump use the M word. I assume he meant billions. Billions of immigrants, possibly upwards of 65 billion people will be flooding into the US within the next 4 years if Shillary wins the rigged election that Trump for some reason hasn't pulled out of. 75 billion people just flowing into the US, there will be no jobs left if 100 billion people are just pouring over the borders.
Just to free up the lands around Isreal so Isreal can expand borders
I'm gonna play devil's advocate here. Keep in mind that I think Trump is quite possibly the worst candidate we've ever had win a major party's nomination. I think Trump was using hyperbole as a way to say that Clinton wouldn't care IF that amount of people moved in. Here's the full quote: "Because frankly, when you’re working for Hillary, she wants to let people just pour in. You could have 650 million people pour in and we do nothing about it. Think of it. That’s what could happen. You triple the size of our country in one week." There was a big pause in between "that's what could happen" and "you triple the size of our country in one week." It sounded like he was saying the latter part as a bit of a joke. The part that makes me think he doesn't actually believe Clinton WILL let 650 million in in a week is how he set it all up with "You could." Then he says "could" again a few words later. He's effectively saying something like "Hillary could let in a billion immigrants and she still wouldn't care." I don't think this is a case of Trump lying or being outright dumb, I just think he had extremely stupid phrasing.
It's like a stream of consciousness stump speech.
He's right you know. edit: I was joking. No regrats.
On a practical level, do you realize how utterly impossible such an endeavor would be? You couldn't import 650 million people if you tried in 4 years.
You forgot the /s tag.
Nah, that's Manafort. Check his post history.
It'd be hilarious if it was actually him now that he has time off
Elaborate.
Indeed. I am curious how this will work. Please explain, u/Manafort
We're not letting them into Texas, and we have all the space I don't know where y'all are gonna put them all
Nope. All us non-Trump supporters got together and agreed that we are gonna put all 650 million immigrants right in Texas after the election.
Your spare bedroom I'd reckon. The Fed Dept. of Forcing SATTX to comply is being spun up as we speak.
Petition to amend the third amendment of the US Constitution: >No Soldier shall, in time of peace be quartered in any house, without the consent of the Owner, nor in time of war, but in a manner to be prescribed by law; except SATexas1, we gotta put these soldiers somewhere to make room for these new 650 million immigrants, and fuck that guy.
You speak for all of Texas?
Wait, you are taking him seriously?
Intellectual dishonesty is taking everything someone says literally. Or it could mean the people writing this stuff are robots who do not understand human ideas like metaphors or allegories.
Oh, so he's not stupid, he's just a fearmongering liar. Got it.
Hey, this is the "tell it like it is" candidate. Plus, presidents absolutely should not traffic in vague statements.
Clinton has admitted(in private, of course!) that she wants an open border with the entire Western Hemisphere. That's over a half billion people.
So what. We can afford to help more people.
I believe she said "her dream". It's a utopian thing. If we could live in a world where we didn't have illegals looking to migrate here and ISIS trying to get into the country, an open border system would be convenient. But since it can't be that way, we won't have it. There isn't a single politician that wants open borders right now.
She literally said she wants open borders with the entire hemisphere. She wants EU style open borders. Quit being so disingenuous. The liberal elite are in favor of open borders. It's not even a secret.
Even if that's what she wants, that doesn't stop it from also being something she knows she can't ever get. For example, my dream is to someday stand on the moon, but I'm not a scientist or an ace pilot and never will be, so I'm not going to try for the astronaut program. People are capable of wishing for things without actually believing that they're possible.
I came here just to see if I could find at least one comment supporting his statement and gods be blessed, here it is. Thanks for this.
Well, Trump also said we need open borders, and he did it publicly: http://www.vanityfair.com/news/2016/10/donald-trump-open-borders-trade
Leans into microphone. **WRONG** http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/oct/12/donald-trump/trump-ive-been-proven-right-about-clinton-wanting-/
You have to read the speech, not just one or two sentences from it. She advocates an open border as it pertains to trade, energy in particular. Not an open border where there are no immigration controls.
She specifically says trade and then uses a separate sentence for open borders. There would be no need to say open trade and then open borders. Everyone knows what she was saying. She has promised to nullify our immigration laws and not deport any illegals. That alone is enough to qualify her position as open borders. That is embarrassing for politifiction. Be like that other guy who admits that he wants half a billion people coming in. We can help them! This dishonesty from you is off putting. That's what you pathological liars like Illary do. Pretend to be against something and then cheer it when it happens. Didn't she say you need a private position and a public position?
woah, stay on topic. you used so many different sentences you kept talking about different stuff.
> She has promised to nullify our immigration laws and not deport any illegals When did she promise that? Cite to that promise, if you can.
Trump literally penned an article (in public) in 2013 - thats right 2013 - about how we need open borders. Your candidate doesn't even believe in what he's talking about. Plus Clinton's was out of context
Hey, can I have the link to that? I need it for purposes of using it as a comment on my uncle's Facebook wall next time he posts some shit from Breitbart.
Can't tell if /s....
nope, just stupidity.
I never understand why some people work so hard at being misinfomed
Conservatives, by every measure, are shown to be more informed. It's disingenuous liberals who go from "no one is for open borders"(she literally said she was) to "so what, open borders are great". "Hillary never said she would nullify immigration law" to "so what, we shouldn't deport illegals". Pathological liarism must run in the liberal gene.
> Conservatives, by every measure, are shown to be more informed. Except for the ones that watch Fox News https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2604679
By every measure according to whom?
Polls. Most of them. All of them? SAYS WHO.
Wow an article written by an idiot that doesn't understand hyperbole written with tweets from people I've never heard of. And they can't figure out everyone hates the msm.
Damn mainstream media, accurately quoting the candidates.
Interpreting hyperbole literally is not accurate.
If he doesn't want his words to be interpreted literally then he should probably stop using such oddly specific figures.
Id hardly call 650 million a oddly specific figure. In fact it actually sounds like a number I might pull out of my ass when making a hyperbolic point.
He said 650 million, then he went on to stay America's population could *"triple"* within a week. Sorry, but that really doesn't sound like he's intentionally hyperbolizing, it sounds like he's trying to scare people with ridiculously asinine numbers. edit: Also, since when is hyperbole an acceptable part of political discourse?
'My Dream Is a Hemispheric Common Market with Open Trade and Open Borders' The population of the Western Hemisphere is 1 billion. 350 million are US citizens and 650 million not. Understand now?
650 million people aren't going to migrate here
in a week.
You can quibble about exact numbers, but the Democrat plan is to get as many immigrants citizenship as possible to try and boost their vote totals. Immigrants will do jobs Americans don't want to do. Like Voting Democrat.
>Immigrants will do jobs Americans don't want to do. Like Voting Democrat. http://www.livescience.com/18132-intelligence-social-conservatism-racism.html Considering voting Democrat is correlated with higher IQ in that case are you saying immigrants have average higher IQs than typical Republican voters? Interesting.
Bwahahahaha. I wondered how the Trumpsters would try to "interpret" this one. Poor guy must have looked at the screen real hard for about ten minutes trying desperately to make the numbers work with ludicrously mendacious math calculations and even with the most back-bending charitable interpretation of what Trump was trying to say before finally giving up and starting type, "You can quibble about exact numbers..." Sometimes I feel sorry for them. But then I don't.
Dude even if every single Mexican on the planet crossed the border that would not be 600 million
Firstly, you can't vote as a refugee. You aren't a citizen. Secondly, if you believe that refugees would vote democrat and break away from their religious background to vote for the pro-LGBT and pro-women's rights party, then you're admitting to have an inferior party platform.
QUIBBLE?! 650 million. In a week. That's like quibbling over whether Hussain Bolt's top speed is 25 miles/hr or 20000 miles/hr.
If it were possible to admit 650 million immigrants in a week, Hillary would do it
If it were possible to sexually assault 650 million women in a week, Trump would do it. See, I too can make completely ridiculous claims about a candidate I dislike.
It would be very hard work. If all the women stood in a line and if Donald only spent 5 seconds grabbing their pussies that is still only 17280 pussies grabbed per 24 hours. He'd have to grab pussy at a rate 5374 times as fast and not sleep to molest that many women in a week. I agree, he'd give it the old college try, but does he have the *stamina*?
He has two hands though. If he spent 5 seconds grabbing two pussies that would double his pussy grabbing output. Also, I think 5 seconds per pussy is way too long. We could easily get that down to 2 seconds. If he grabbed two pussies every 2 seconds (two hands) then he would be at 86,400 per 24 hours. That's 600K per week.
He'd have as good a shot at it as we'd have of moving the 650 million immigrants, there just isn't the necessary infrastructure for it. I'll say though, it'd make for one hell of a more entertaining way to settle the election. >"Welcome to day three of the US Commander in Chief Organizational Strategy Assessment. Secretary Clinton got off to a strong start today by loading the entire population of Kingston, Jamaica onto half a dozen oil tankers in under 5 hours, as they've been qeueing up for days while shipping lanes clear from the Port-au-Prince and Havanna Evacuations. Overall, Clinton remains close to the pace required in her plan within the Carribean, but traffic jams at every point of entry into the US and a logjam of flights delayed by thunderstorms in the western US have her falling drasticly behind overall projections. > >Meanwhile, Candidate Trump is fresh off his third ten minute cat nap in as many days, and is clearly losing the ability to walk, or grab. What might have started out as an enjoyable experience for him, if not for the women, has certainly become his own personal hell. We've still got four more days of this everyone. Let's cut to Wolf Blitzer at the big board, he'll get you up to speed with what we're expecting overall today."
According to what or who?
In a week........
