As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil) * Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks) * Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail. * In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users. * Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not. Incivility results in escalating bans from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own. *** *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Are these protocols codified? If so, where may I read them?
Can you show me where it says how to get to the mess hall.
So, it's an unofficial procedure?
Did you read the article? It was pretty clear that the official protocol is to not time the release of information with the purpose of influencing an election. The rule about not releasing anything within 60 days of an election is an informal guideline. Whether or not Comey violated the official protocol depends on information that has not been made public, so I won't comment on that.
What happened to the FBI megathread? Why was it canned?
It's still around, it was just unstickied.
Why was it unsticked?
It had been up for more than 24 hours. That's why we made a second one after the first, and it has since been removed for the same reason.
Well naturally, its an effective means of removing content that shouldn't be allowed.
I don't understand. What's the purpose of the stickys? So now new FBI stuff goes to regular threads, is that it?
They are controlling the media, literally...That is the entire purpose. It never goes to /r/all and looks far less "viral" if there are three curated threads with 15,000 upvotes rather than one thread with 75,000 upvotes(not 45,000 because it would grow to larger than 45,000, perhaps 75,000 is hyperbolic, but not unreasonable). It also outright prevents individual issues of a nuanced news story from being discussed in their own threads, particularly when the masses are able to condense down the real issue into salient overarching discussions that are easily accessible. Instead it is all thrown into an abyss of posts to be forgotten.
Jesus fucking Christ. Fucking lunatics. Fine, sticky the grab them by the pussy thread back up too because people are still fucking mentioning it. Keep it up forever. The moderators aren't controlling the fucking media oh my god shut up forever.
If you do not post in the stickied megathread then they outright delete any new threads even remotely relevant. The only person talking about grabbing pussy is you. I am sorry.
The purpose of the stickied megathreads is so that the same story doesn't completely flood the front page, and they are removed after 24 hours. Once the sticky is removed, new posts are able to be submitted outside of the Megathread.
Why is that the other day there were literally 5-6 posts on the front page about donald trump kicking out a "thug" that turned out to be some black guy that supported him?
This doesnt happen when the same story is posted about anyone who is remotely conservative. It allows articles to be buried. Plain and simple.
Wouldn't it be a nice exercise to collect all megathread of the election period and see how many are anti-Trump and how many are anti-Clinton?
Others speculate that the mega threads are to keep the story from peppering the front page of r/all
People who are on r/all would subscribe to r/politics if they cared what the idiots in this sub thought. I think the mega threads are because it consolidated upvotes and the moderators are alien robots who sustain themselves on Reddit karma. That theory is as plausible as any others from the paranoid conspiracy theorists dominating Reddit politics (especially on the right).
They couldn't go 3 days of critiquing her majesty
because hillary picked a fight with a cartoon frog and now she's getting her ass whooped. she needs all the help she can get from us, sister. #itwassupposedtobeherturn ;__; I'm literally shaking right now. the hillary campaign has turned into a dumpster fire.
[removed]
[removed]
They figured out their line of attack, shit on comey. No need to quarantine anymore once the narrative is favourable.
Bless your heart
Good on you for asking the right questions.
Nope he has had way too much to think for today
The only people who don't want to disclose the truth are people with something to hide. - Barack Obama
What, you mean like with tax returns?
It's not about whether or not the truth should be disclosed; it's about how it should be disclosed.
Like not before she's had "her tuuuuurn" right?
Hold on, Hillary is the most transparent candidate of this election because she is asking to release all the emails before the election. Nevermind the negligence of such a statement that she wants the FBI to jepordise their own case by pressuring the FBI to releasing evidence or telling the FBI to release (C)lassified material to the public? She has always been for transparancy.
That's kind of an obvious statement. Like "the only reason things fall downwards is gravity."
You seriously quoting Obama on the truth. That's the "if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor" liar you are talking about.
R-politics is desperate!! How's it feel to know that your candidate will likely be indicted stooges? lol I think it is wonderful that justice is finally being served! 650,000 emails! Good luck with bleachbitting those!!! We will see not only a glimpse of her corruption, but all of it! Sleep tight bafoons, there's more coming!!!! This just in, many famous Clinton supporters are changing their mind and changing their votes for the security of our country. 34% of previous Hillary supporters do not support her any longer!!!!!!!
Why do write like your a 60 year old on facebook? What is the deal with all the extra punctuation? Do you think you're winning people over? It comes off really desperate.
Poe's Law.
What's this book of faces you speak of???????
You've been saying she will be indicted any day now for years. It's not gonna happen.
You don't know me?!? It will happen, even if she's president.
It wasn't directed at you specifically. "You" as in You all.
Why so judgmental? I just decided on Friday she was going to prison.
Well, Comey brought this upon himself by being unnecessarily ambiguous. He said something but he didn't really give any information. That is exactly why this blew up.
The only people who don't want to disclose the truth are people with something to hide. - NSA See the similarities?
**YEA BOYYY** we gotta get a few good pissy pant posts on Obama since he's only got 3 months left. Of course we may have clinton to take that torch once Obama is finished, but damn if this isn't an old attack.
Explains why Clinton has been trying so hard to hide her e-mails lol
What is going on tonight? Where are all the RTC bots attempting to rectify the chronicle?
they've probably already been "taken care of" if you know what i mean :^(
Sounds a lot like what Clinton was saying to Trump (about his tax returns) in one of the presidential debates. And I always got downvoted when I told her supporters that Clinton, of all people, should never say the "if you don't have anything to hide" line.
That's totally why the FBI is telling us about Manafort right?
Pretty sure that wasn't close enough to the election, and I'm also pretty sure that wasn't even the FBI.
It's an active investigation and yes the FBI is leading it
Can you show where the FBI sent a letter to congress on it?
The FBI didn't because it's policy not to send that shit. Comey broke the rules to hurt Clinton
He did this twice, he also went out of his way to attack her during his bullshit speech. Seriously, no matter which side you're on the way the FBI has acted this election is disgusting.
He went out of his way to shield her before, the people under him forced his hand this time. I do like seeing all these people turn on their stooge though.
No, he did not shield her. I have no idea where you guys are getting that at? When Comey realized he couldn't get her with the law he gave some absurd speech that he injected his personal opinion in. That was clearly an attempt to hurt her politically. Now he's done this. The reason you guys think she was "shielded" the first time is because you lack an understanding of how these laws worked and why civilians are almost **never** charged. Comey was never "helping" Clinton. There's a reason legal experts said she wouldn't ever be charged months in advance. http://thehill.com/opinion/lanny-davis/303427-lanny-davis-comeys-actions-improper-irresponsible-and-possibly-illegal This article sums up how absurd Comey has been.
Well, since you have no idea lets fix that: Comey overruled his investigators to recommend against charges before he even had time to review the full case, and they've been in revolt ever since. The rest of the FBI felt there was enough to bring it to trial, and whatever legal experts you were listening to were partisan hacks. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3886942/Resignation-letters-piling-disaffected-FBI-agents-wife-urging-admit-wrong-Director-Comey-jumped-chance-reopen-Hillary-investigation.html
Yupp. That's why I laughed when I saw the FOX news clip. You know it's bad when Fox News comes out defending Clinton
She will say anything and do nothing - Barack Obama Also if one thing is more clear now than ever that we've learned in this election...it's that Politifact is partisan garbage. Their standards for "true" are significantly different for both sides, and frankly, it should be banned on this sub if the mods had any credibility.
The facts have a partisan bias.
It's only partisan because they don't agree with you.
You really think they are unbiased? Have you read their logical reasoning in their writeups lately?
What proof do you have of this?
Yeah I used to think Politifact was a pretty sweet website but now I can't really trust it
Oh fuck man don't make me laugh that hard.... credibility lol
Yet I appointed her to the most important position in my Cabinet And the quote is change not do
You do what your party tells you.
Except he called her. She declined it the first time
Credibility on r/politics haha funny man...funny man
/r/politics. Where Buzzfeed and Salon are viable political resources and Wikileaks is spam.
> Wikileaks is spam. its ironic because its what they did in r/all
I would say that all 3 of those are kinda trash. I used to have a lot of respect for WikiLeaks but it's pretty hard to argue that they haven't turned into another group with a partisan agenda at this point
literally all they do is leak the truth, fuck me what has the earth come to when real life info is discarded because it is "patisan"
Have they? They only can leak information they receive.
Funny then, that they decided not to leak [whatever it is they have on Trump.](http://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/presidential-races/293453-assange-wikileaks-trump-info-no-worse-than-him)
It sounds like they don't have much on Donald based on those statements. It's really easy when you have an unsecured email server.
I used to have a lot of respect for Wikileaks, but they've become a partisan tool this election. They've timed the release of the DNC hacks and the Podesta e-mails to do the maximum amount of damage, and have refused to release what they have on Trump. Wikileaks used to be about speaking truth to power, releasing the secrets of the powerful and letting the public decide what to do with that information. Now they clearly have their own private agenda and are trying to manipulate public opinion by selectively releasing information. It's the exact kind of thing Wikileaks was founded to fight against.
If there were ever a checkmate in words this would be it
*Buzzfeed, Salon, Vox, and Huffpo
Yeah but that's because it's the scary Russians! /s
/r/politics where McCarthyism is cool again.
Don't forget the no name blogs with headlines written like a /r/politics circlejerk.
"If there's one thing we all know now, it's that all Republicans are KKK members who want to ban abortion and kill Hillary supporters with assault rifles" - Vox Seriously an article like this was the top post on r/politics this morning. Not fucking joking.
Got a link? I just went through 5 pages of r/politics and didn't see anything like that. I also googled your quote and the only thing that came up was your post.
u found the link the quote to his post XD
"Please, America. Now We Know How Hitler Rose to Power."
A bit hypocritical coming from the head of [the least transparent administration in US history.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/erik-wemple/wp/2015/03/18/ap-obama-administration-sets-new-record-for-denying-records/?utm_term=.4df6aa026494)
The entire premise of this blog post is flawed. The author mentions that they have denied/not got to a higher total number of requests, while ignoring that the total number of requests [has risen substantially during Obama's presidency] (https://www.justice.gov/sites/default/files/oip/pages/attachments/2015/05/01/fy_2014_annual_report_summary.pdf).
The latest administration will always be the least transparent.
> The latest administration will always be the least transparent. People believe some strange stuff. The latest administration will always be the **most** transparent. And Obama's is. Name one administration that was more transparent.
An opinion piece as a source? Even that article states at the bottom how it should be known that requests are skyrocketing... So logically there are going to be more unanswered requests(backlog) and lower compliance rates. Also I'm no expert but I'm willing to bet that what is censored on FOIA documents that are released are not routinely up to Obama.
First and foremost, 99% of posts on this subreddit are opinion pieces. Your choosing to call this out is curious, especially when a title like "most transparent administration" is ultimately subjective so it will always be a matter of opinion. You write this off for using an opinion piece as a source but it also cites a lot of data to make its argument. And saying that it isn't up to Obama is a cop-out given his pledge to be the most transparent *administration* in history. Even if they aren't directly up to Obama, people in his administration are responsible for it.
>99% of posts on this subreddit are opinion pieces. [citation needed]
www.reddit.com/r/politics There.
That is not a citation.
That's not what that link says.
The proof for your claim is a Washington Post blog by Erik Wemple?
This talking point has been addressed in another post.
Time to hunt down that post filled with evidence. I wonder if I'll find Trump's tax returns there, too.
Member when he campaigned on having the [*most*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxCVENhSq9M) transparent?
Did you even read the link posted or just blindly jump? I'm willing to bet the latter.
I member! 
Pepe Farms remembers
For once he told the truth! Thanks wikileaks!
He has also continued to repeat that lie over and over for the past 8 years despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary.
Remember when [Hillary](https://youtu.be/C5GyWQtxr1I) campaigned on being transparent? Edit: better link
There's nobody even close. Find me another presidential candidate with 30+ years of tax returns, constant detailed health reporting, >50k emails in a searchable database on the web, and on and on and on. There is an absolutely historic level of information about this woman. I don't think there's another person in the history of the world with this much of their life this publicly available; certainly no other major presidential candidate ever.
Remember when she released the most financial information of any candidate ever (15 years of state and federal returns) and was still raked over the coals for speeches the public didn't have even the slightest right to see while her opponent released an unprecedented *nothing*. You can't look at that and say that these candidates are being evaluated by the same metric.
A career politicians speeches to the industry she claims to want to regulate is equivalent to a private industry business mogul giving a speech in his field of business? How many banks did he speak for and how many times has he said he wants to hold wall st. accountable?
remember when wikileaks made them the most transparent?
That video's title is ridiculously obtuse though. The CNN personality clearly laughs when she says she's been more transparent than Trump. Anyone able to read even basic social cues and context can tell that the laugh is in support of Clinton, not against.
She is transparent, in a way. What other presidential candidate has released thousands of documents of their personal communications? Thousands of their campaign's emails? What other candidate has had one decision they made in office (Benghazi) scrutinized by 9 congressional panels? I'm not saying that she's hiding nothing or is a truly transparent, I just can't really think of a candidate who is MORE transparent. Certainly not Trump - he won't even release his tax returns, which is like the basic level of transparency expected of presidential candidates.
Literally the most transparent politician in the history of the world. The republicans have investigated the shit out of her for like 30 years. All they have are bad conspiracy theories.
I mean I think that's a point that a lot of Clinton supporters would make. In a lot of ways she's one of the most transparent candidates ever to run. And those documents she *hasnt* publicly released have been released for her via Wikileaks. There is very little the campaign has left to hide at this point. Just imagine where the race would be if she had just released all this stuff herself back in June. But at the same time Clinton, despite all this transparency, has the wonderful ability to make you feel like she's still got something to hide.
She did it under court order or leaks. Not the goodness of her heart.
Yes but the point is she doesn't have anything left to hide
Looks like she got her wish.
Member when the democrats promised change.
They changed, just not the way anyone wanted
And yet they're still the only reasonable party in this god forsaken country. Both the Republican Party and the Libertarian Party campaign on the sole ridiculous idea that government doesn't work and the Republican Party has spent the past 8 years intentionally obstructing the federal government. The Green Party is completely irrelevant. The Democrat Party isn't perfect by any means, but it's the only party that isn't brain dead or irrelevant and they actually want to govern. Maybe if the Green Party gave a fuck about elections outside of the presidential election then we might have another halfway decent party, but they boast 100 elected officials all around the country which is honestly pathetic considering there are over 500,000 elected offices. Everyone wants to bitch and moan that the Democratic Party isn't the perfect party, but when they are the only relevant party that just doesn't hold extremist views then it's no wonder they can't be the perfect party for everyone.
> Both the Republican Party and the Libertarian Party campaign on the sole ridiculous idea that government doesn't work. &nbsp; ridiculous idea
I for one love and respect our corporate overlords.
Trump inc.?
If you think it's only one corporation, then you haven't seen Hillary's corporate campaign/foundation donor list
Member when gay people couldn't get married?
Like when the Supreme Court did that change after Bill Clinton maybe it a no go?
Member when Obama [said he would protect whistleblowers](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/promises/obameter/promise/426/increase-protections-for-whistleblowers/) but he's actually [prosecuted more whistleblowers than any other administration.](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/mar/16/whistleblowers-double-standard-obama-david-petraeus-chelsea-manning)
I member. member when democrat voters didn't show up to vote in state and midterm elections, making change impossible?
Member how Youtube/Facebook/Twitter/CNN/taco trucks *weren't* clamoring to register every low information voter for Clinton's 'landslide' victory before the midterms? I member...
I member. Member Duran Duran?
Uh, regardless of your views on transparency, they changed a hell of a lot. Why do you think the GOP is losing their shit?
They sure did. Releasing all of Podesta's emails like that sure has shined a lot of light on the corruption in government and the media!
Rigged media!
Yeah, bitch about transparency all you want (I never believed that would happen) but the Obama administration has done and pushed for a lot of great things.
yeah like the rise of racism good going
Like making health care even more expensive.
like....? more war? more debt? more partisanship?
Hmmm, now is any of that directly linked to Obama or is it directly linked to the previous administration handing over a fucking huge problem that has a complex answer (to start with, we aren't in War because congress won't declare it because they don't want to lose popularity, the president is limited at what answers he can use) and what happens when half the government doesn't want to work with the president based on his skin color and political group name? Blame the president for bullshit that he didn't cause may get you brownie points with people who confused conservatism and racism but that doesn't make it true. For fuck sake, Obama did everything humanly possible to work with republicans. Instead of jamming the ACA through congress when dems had the majority he worked with republicans, **on an idea that originally came from republicans**, in order to have a bipartisan version of the bill. This was obviously a mistake, as we are seeing the issues with it now, but it was a mistake done in good faith. Obama has always promoted bipartisanship and just because of his skin tone, republicans have spit in his face. For fuck sake, they actually shut down the government because the president is black democrat AND got rid of their speaker for even daring to try and work with the man.
Like [deporting more people than any other president in history?](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2012/aug/10/american-principles-action/has-barack-obama-deported-more-people-any-other-pr/)
Like droning the crap out of the middle east, starting the Arab Spring and ISIS, the IRS scandal, ransom for hostages, fabricating a story about Benghazi so he could get re-elected, setting IRAN on a path to nuclear war, forcefully ignoring immigration law (which supreme court ruled unconstitutional twice), doubling our debt, and setting us on a path to war with Russia? But it is ok, because for a few years before the entire health care system collapses, a fraction of the total people who lost their old health insurance were able to get health insurance with IOUs from the treasury.
Oh bless your heart
Lol
Yeah premiums going up 20% or so is hilarious.
That's why it is so ironic. Because Obama said it.
Thanks Obama
Because he wants transparency but isn't transparent himself....
[deleted]
Be as offended as you want :p
[deleted]
Take my upvote
Wtf are you blabbering about?
He also missed the fact that [the Obama administration has deported more people than under any other president](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2012/aug/10/american-principles-action/has-barack-obama-deported-more-people-any-other-pr/)
Yep, and apparently transparency is irrelevant to most of the posters on this sub, or they're delusional about what transparency means and why this was a big somethingburger.
So did Lynch's secret meeting with Bill on the Tarmac.
It seems Trumpsters are just spamming these threads with known lies. Their secret evil meeting where Comey found out he could do whatever he wanted
>Trumpsters are just spamming Very astute observation u/**Comey**qumqat user for 11 hours. Also, arent there wait times on how often you can comment? If not, then *that* truly allows for some serious spam
Certainly is brigadey here
Says the person commenting literally over 300 times in the past 12 hours exclusively in r/politics. Hmmm....
Says the person openly stating yes, this is my politics throwaway that I will use for a few days? How is that bad? Oh that's right only 4 year old accounts with zero history are good comrade
Most normal people don't post literally every 1-2 minutes for 12 hours straight on a single sub on a single issue. Not without... er.... incentive *That* type of behaviour naturally arouses suspicion.
To play devil's advocate, it doesn't cost any money at all to buy used reddit accounts, so why would it be necessary for someone *paid* to comment on here for nefarious purposes do something as obvious as create a throwaway. More likely scenario is the /u/comeyqumqat is very passionate about the election, which I think we can agree most everybody is in some way or another at this point. They have stated that they chose to use a throwaway or new account because, let's face it, as I mentioned, everyone's a little bit passionate. Some people are really not channeling that passion appropriately. The simple answer is always the best, and sometimes it's as easy as 'people care very strongly about something that I don't agree with' rather than 'No *you're* a shil... puppet! No *you're* a puppet!'.
Hey psycho, I'm not giving you my primary. Edit: Sorry man, misread. Long night of being called a shill
What? Why are you calling me a psycho?
They've posted 250 times in the 13 hours the account has been active. I don't know anyone that passionate.
I haven't been posting like that and you know it. I even managed to see an off Broadway show today. Stop lying
What show did you see?
Buy Sell Date, it's oustanding. Sarah Jones in a one woman show
Sorry, [but](http://www.fm-base.co.uk/forum/attachments/football-manager-2012-discussion/210538d1323978757-way-piss-me-off-you-mad.jpg) Either way, 300 comments in 12 hours in one sub is weird. No ifsandsorbuts In fact, you posted 25 comments in 23 minutes (1 comment page is 25 comments, oldest comment is 23 minutes ago. Like my awesome detective work?)
I'm going to guess he is one of many whose account will become inactive on the 9th.
Brigaders keep brigading...
Why are you afraid to use your real account?
Because a trump supporter threatened to rape me when I used it, now I let these accounts expire and no nut balls can stalk me
You should report that to the relevant authorities. If it's true.
I reported the account and they were banned from the whole site. I'm not going to call the cops everytime some moron sends a message like that though, no one has time for that
Every thing is a lie. The Russians did it. We got ya. Maybe you should email your boss for some more talking points.
You can't just make shit up this isn't the diptard. Words have meanings, there is no protocol that says an AG cannot chit chat with the former president.
The email server that is the subject of all the controversy was in bills bathroom how do you not think is this meeting didn't broke protocol? I'll wait here while you try to reword the phrase *because Russia is scary.*
What about Bill's bathroom now? Also bringing up russia repeatedly is silly, stop
Wait, are you willing to argue that hard about the break in protocol that Hillary did when she kept a a server in her basement?
Clinton has admitted to breaking protocol and was scolded for it
You mean, rewarded with a potential position right? Do you think people that require "scolding" deserve to retain or gain higher potions than that they were at?
Her excoriation was against FBI protocol, the fact that no one seems to care about breaking protocol unless it's Clinton means you have no argument
Words have meaning, but only actions matter
That's a really stupid response
Speaking is an action with consequences
I love these "I know you are but what am I" responses. They're so meaningless.
No it actually wasn't.
So secret it was done in wide view in front of the media. Well played, Bill. Yeah, it looked bad, but lets be honest, there's no way that swayed anything. There's a million better ways to send a message than to get on a plane in wide view. It was incredibly stupid, I'll give you that. and for the record, i don't think she condoned it. Bill just had the dumb ass idea to do it on the spot, and did it. Not like she had a say. There's no way she was going to say "hey bill lets chat on this plane, no way this doesn't look improper".
It wasn't in plain view. Some random local reporter witnessed it and called it out.
You're lying there were a dozen cameras Not some secret. Stop lying
Lazy
You can't simply attempt to gaslight us. It was seen by dozens of reporters.
After this local reporter broke the story. Jesus!
It's not a lie. Spatz is just remembering it wrong. It was a tip to a local abc affiliate news station. So it was not it plain view. It was supposed to be secret, but someone talked. http://www.mediaite.com/tv/loretta-lynch-privately-meets-with-bill-clinton-aboard-personal-plane/
He delayed her flight by 20-25 minutes, and has secret service detail around the clock. This wasn't clandestine. The random reporter just got the tape on it. Short of having an actual press meeting, they couldn't have broadcast it any more. There's a million better ways to contact her that have 0% chance of getting caught using a go between. It was just really fucking dumb.
https://www.google.com/amp/insider.foxnews.com/amp/article/50049?client=safari Hate to link Fox, but you're wrong. Can't rewrite history in the age of the Internet.
>""The FBI there on the tarmac instructed everybody: no photos, no pictures, no cell phones," Sign explained." What exactly am i rewriting? This wasn't hidden if they're doing it in front of a bunch of people in public, even if they didn't allow video/photo. Don't get me wrong, it was stupid. But as far as secrecy, if this was supposed to be hidden, this is the worst kept secret in the history of politics.
That means nothing. There were FBI traveling with them. This guy brought it to everybody's attention and the rest is history. This wasn't some public photo op as you seem to want to convey.
> This wasn't some public photo op as you seem to want to convey. That's not even remotely what i was saying. > There were FBI traveling with them. That is what i was saying. I'm not saying it was a photo op (and i said at least 4 times it was stupid, since you seem to skim that part). All I'm saying is it clearly wasn't a shady backroom talk that people want to portray it as. I'm not saying it was ok.I'm not saying it was a good idea. All i'm saying is that it is perhaps the worst way you could possible ever come up with to intimidate/talk to an AG over a case you want to sway, if that were the intent. Like, comically stupid levels of incompetent.
Right. Once this reporter and at least on other notice (the 'Sign' person), the FBI members that were traveling with Lynch instructed them that there could be no photos. They met on a private tarmac meant for private flights, not at some public gate. FFS...
You really think that Bill Clinton personally met with Lynch, instead of using one of a million intermediaries, to tell her to drop charges? And the fact that the conversation was going to be known by a half dozenish people? And that it swayed the case? >Once this reporter and at least on other notice (the 'Sign' person), the FBI members that were traveling with Lynch instructed them that there could be no photos. They met on a private tarmac meant for private flights, not at some public gate. Like I said, I'm not arguing it looked good. It didn't. It shouldn't have happened. But I'm also saying that the odds that this somehow actually swayed Lynch is also absurd.
>So secret it was done in wide view in front of the media. Well played, Bill. It wasn't "in front of the media". A local reporter was tipped off about the meeting. They thought the airport would be clear of press. Get your facts straight. >and for the record, i don't think she condoned it. Bill just had the dumb ass idea to do it on the spot, and did it. Not like she had a say. There's no way she was going to say "hey bill lets chat on this plane, no way this doesn't look improper". So you're saying that she knew it was improper yet did nothing to stop it. Just how incompetent is she?
> So you're saying that she knew it was improper yet did nothing to stop it. How is she supposed to stop it, exactly? As soon as bill got on that plane, the whole situation was fucked. Short of like barrel rolling down the tarmac with her fingers in her ears, I'm not sure what she was supposed to do. I'm not at all saying it was ok, but it's pretty clear it was just Bill being stupid. Lynch isn't an idiot, she knew as soon as it happened it wasn't ok. But by that point, it's too late She knew it was improper *as soon as it happened*. That doesn't mean she knew ahead of time, when she could've actually done something about it. The damage was done.
You seriously think that not only airport security and protocol is so weak that they'll let you just hop onto a plane, but that Lynch's security would just let somebody in, regardless of being a former president, against her will? I had no idea that once you're president you get to bypass closed doors no matter where you go.
> against her will? Against her will? No. Without informing her ahead of time? Yeah, seems pretty plausible. Maybe I'm being naive, but being president opens doors. At the very least, it seems more likely than both Bill and Lynch deciding "hey, you're prosecuting my wife, lets meet in private, but public enough that it's known. this is a great idea". It seems even less likely that it would interfere in the investigation more than he could do by telling her off through an intermediary that wouldn't blow up in the media.
>How was she supposed to stop it "Bill I can't meet with you while your wife is under investigation. You need to leave. Have a nice flight." She's either incompetent, complicit, or spineless. Which is it?
How is she supposed to do that ahead of time? As far as the media can tell, they could've talked about anything by that point. I would agree if this were a planned meeting, and they took it private, but it wasn't. He delayed her flight and hopped on (like an idiot). The damage was done as soon as he popped his head in. It's not like they discussed it before hand, which is the problem. She would've shut it down, if for no other reason than it looks awful.
So now she could have uttered a few sentences because she didn't have forewarning? Come on man.
Bill hops onto the plane/tarmac without warning her ahead of time. By this point, any conversation they have is suspect. Even if she immediately tells him to leave, it's too late. This isn't that complicated. If someone walks up to you to start a conversation, you can tell them to screw off. By that point, you already had a conversation. Not only that, you would know this conversation looks terrible, and that there are a million ways to contact you that *isn't in person in front of witnesses*. And it never occurs to these people to use someone who isn't Bill Clinton, in public, and surrounded by FBI/secret service?
You realized they talked for half an hour right? It wasn't a quick conversation.
[deleted]
I'm aware, but i don't think a half hour conversation looks any worse than a 5minute or 10minute one, no? As soon as the conversation started, it looked bad. I don't think cutting it short would help, image wise.
The important thing is that *NOW* she cares about protocol.
And everyone just brushed it off because it was bad press for Clinton and we must defeat the evil Trump.
Or because there isn't even a story beyond they talked
Shhh it's only illegal if it's against the Clinton machine!
And having a server in your closet containing classified emails.
Ya- way better to have them in AOL like Powell.
In the year 2000...when he was appointed to SOS. Things have changed since then and people who handle highly classified government information are expected to change with them (even silly old grandmas like Hillary who can't seem to figure out technology, lol she is so silly and cute <3)
She figured out "multiple devices" according to the FBI.
Yes, but you see, that was Bill Clinton who did something wrong, so therefore it's really a good thing... right?
Well, this won't be top comment for long. Im sure the Russians and a cartoon frog had something to do with this.....they are still blaming the Russians and cartoon frogs, right? Oh, yeah there it is. They are.
Soon the Russian excuse will wear thin and they'll transition to it being the Jews fault...
I'm making an effort to upvote real comments and downvote obviously biased ones. I miss the old /r/politics
Yea, they will nuke this thread. Happens whenever the top comment doesnt go with their narrative
Mine is currently the top comment in the warrant thread and I'm shocked it's lasted this long. I'm sure it'll be nuked by tomorrow morning.
So did hillary having her own email server
Totally forgot about that. As frustrated as I am with Comey, the Clinton campaign are the last people to be making this charge.
What does one event have to do with the other?
They're both unethical and in fierce defiance of procedure?
It's funny how serious Clinton supporters are about protocol now. Even funnier because this is all because they broke protocol.
It was like, totally a coincidence though. They just talked about grandkids and stuff.
They just talked about grandkids. Hillary only emailed about weddings and yoga. Nothing to see here folks
Wow, the stuff that makes it to the top of the comments on the weekend baffles me!
Ya- it's not like they've known each other for years and years...
Except he is the only one with grand kids.
Everything is a coincidence until the other side does it.
"Just sign right here and your grandkids will be released safely and immediately"
as in, did she want to see hers again
"*Make these charges go away or your grandkids commit suicide*" Technically you're not lying lol
I don't know, man. Weiner's still alive, and he'd probably be pretty high on that list considering how much he's fucked (heh) Hillary.
Anthony Weiner is like the ultimate proof that the Clintons don't kill people who are inconvenient liabilities. That dude would be dead ten times over by now.
Yeah he would've ended up in a car with a case of carbon monoxide poisoning a la Pete Russo if they were actually killing people.
They might suddenly become depressed and shoot themselves in the back of the head 4 times.
With an "assault weapon", too.
Or mysteriously have a terrible weightlifting accident
For half an hour...
Its actually impressive how quickly a half hour passes by in a customer business context. You'll bullshit around for 10 and talk a lot of platitudes and rarely come to an agreement. Rarely are important decisions made in a half hour. For something this big, controversial and potentially conspiratorial, I doubt that anything was said besides "hey, we're really interested in the outcome and want some insight that you won't provide via email or phone and the only time you're free is on a Tarmac so I'll make it happen to show you how much we are invested in the process". Not defending the optics of it but honestly if there was a conspiracy they did a piss poor job of covering it up.
Dude I've been in meetings at work, half an hour doesn't get shit done.
You and your coworkers must be pretty incompetent.
If a meeting takes half an hour, you didn't need a meeting, you needed a memo, cause whatever you were meeting about has already been decided, you're just filling people in. Neatly every meeting I've had that is less than 30 minutes had either just been straight informative, like a safely presentation, with no interaction, or it turns out everyone is on the same page and you didn't need a meeting anyway.
I too have been in meetings that take hours. Sometimes stretched over a couple of days. Usually that is because we are making a lot of changes or discussing a big project. If it's a really big project nobody has time to waste bullshitting for 1/2 a hour. Hell just a couple of months ago I had to charter a plane, fly to Houston for meetings with a client and then fly back home so I could continue working to meet my deadline. Moral of the story, you can get a lot done in half an hour. I guess Loretta does work for the government...maybe she felt compelled to waste tens of thousands of dollars in tax payers money idling two jets and personnel on a runway over a conversation where they spent 25 minutes staring at the floor.
They fucked
That's disgusting.
Oh yeah... well, they talked about golf too. Checkmate, Trumpfettes.
In 110* F heat
don't we all?
That was legitimately one of the dumbest things I've ever seen.
Except when you get away with it. Then you can call it **bold**.
The Bold... and the Beautiful
Without the anonymous tip we probably would never have known about it. Still, if it's dumb and it works, it's not dumb.
Didn't we know about it because Bill did it in plain view in front of a bunch of reporters? (It's been awhile so I don't really remember)
No someone called a local news station and led them to witness the secret meeting. The reporters weren't supposed to be there.
Oh well that changes things a lot...
But they were only discussing golf and grandchildren. Bill and Hillary are just your average American grandparents. Bill wasn't even remotely considering discussing his wife's situation. He is very truthiful.
>“The former president steps into her plane. They then speak for 30 minutes privately. The FBI was there on the tarmac instructing everybody around ‘no photos, no pictures, no cellphones,'” Sign said. Christopher Sign of ABC 15 in Phoenix was the reporter that brought it out. Clinton Lynch would have gotten away with it. Sign was tipped by an anonymous source.
I say Lynch was the anonymous source. She figured it was expected she would absolve Hillary, but also found out the FBI's case was just strong enough to make her look corrupt if she rejected the idea of charging Hillary. The way out was to arrange a meeting with Bill and leak it to a reporter. Now she can't be the one that makes the call on charges anymore, so she pushed the decision back on the FBI, who now has to justify not charging Clinton.
You know what else was against protocol? Having a private email server for state department business.
*Now* she's a stickler for protocol?
She had the private server in order to get shit done as Secretary of State, following normal practices for official heads in order have working email. Imagine being Secretary of State and having a shitty email setup. Her implementation was a bit unsound, but her intent was not malicious. Comey's smearjob was malicious.
Protocol isn't law, it's just courtesy.
We're surprised she is out for her own interests or not to be caught? This doesn't feel like the emotion to pander to. Outrage, offended by hypocritical themes, but not surprised. If we continue to be shocked by this, i feel like "it's my first offense" continues to slide.
Maybe he couldn't recall his conversations with the AG?
Caspar Weinberger could not be reached for comment.
Of course. This entire election is all about *her*.
If everyone else is going to be then why shouldn't she be? For that matter, isn't protocol more important in this case, where the fate of the nation is on the line, as opposed to, well nothing actually bad happened from her protocol breaches. So yeah, the fate of the nation is more important than nothing.
She was excoriated for it. How dare she expect the same for him
How was she excoriated for following protocol? She literally was going against protocol with her private server.
Do you know what excoriated means? That presser Comey gave was an excoriation Comey did not follow protocol, so he should be excoriated too
That wasn't the difficult to follow part of your comment. I get what you're saying now though.
She was accused of breaking protocol it was the basis of Comey's investigation
Yeah, I know. I just said I know that. You weren't clear earlier. Take a break buddy, you've been working overtime today.
You fucking disagreed
"I get what you're saying now though." Did you read my comment where I said I didn't understand what you were saying?
If one person disagreeing with you makes you blow your top like this you really need to reevaluate your life pal... Let me lay it out for you: His comment said "now she's a stickler for protocol" and then you said: "She was excoriated for it." Reading the comment using standard English grammatical rules, "it" would refer to "her being a stickler for protocol"; thus, your comment would read "she was excoriated for being a stickler for protocol." Obviously that's not what you meant, but grammatically that's what it says. So instead of throwing a temper tantrum because somebody read your sentence properly and was rightfully confused, maybe just explain what you meant and move on with your day.
He said he is agreeing and calli me dumb, he didn't agree. I don't send rebuttals to "yes, this!"
Lol take it easy you spaz
> She was accused of breaking protocol it was the basis of Comey's investigation 'Protocol' was probably the least of concerns for casual observers.
Kinda makes sense, basically she's seeing that she's up against the wall for not following protocol, therefore everyone else in power should have to follow protocol closely as well. Also, two wrongs don't make a right. Just because HC didn't follow protocol before doesn't mean Comey should get a free pass now.
Who do you think sets FBI protocols?
So...hypocrisy. And youre ok with it because you support her. Got it.
Comey didnt break any protocol
The FBI *investigates*, politicians *prevaricate*.
Comey is doing an investigation. He cant not. That's his job. You cant expect him to just say "well, they are candidates, so we wont investigate". Im *glad* he has the guts to see this thing through. This incident tells me one thing: I can actually have some confidence in the leadership of the FBI to not just shuffle stuff under the rug because she is a candidate for president. For once, we can actually have a little confidence in our government.
I mean, I'm really just pointing out why Hillary Clinton would obviously point out that he didn't follow protocol. Not saying the situation is good or bad. Thanks for your opinion though!
> I can actually have some confidence in the leadership of the FBI to not just shuffle stuff under the rug because she is a candidate for president. For once, we can actually have a little confidence in our government. Uhhh what? This has proved once and for all how corrupt this investigation has been. It proves 100% that this is all a sham focused on trying to attack Clinton. I mean good lord it's 11 days before the election and he writes a vague letter about possible emails he hasn't even seen! It's the definition of breaking the Hatch Act. I now have 0 confidence in the justice departments ability to handle an investigation honestly. This brings into question every thing in this investigation. This has brought compete shame to our government.
> This has proved once and for all how corrupt this investigation has been. How do you figure? He nixed prosecution...*and then* more information came to light. He *opted not to prosecute* back in August. If he wanted to crush her, he would have turned it over to a grand jury back then. Dragging her through a **trial** would have killed her campaign. > I mean good lord it's 11 days before the election Irrelevant to a criminal investigation. Clinton isnt above the law, despite her luck. > and he writes a vague letter about possible emails he hasn't even seen You spelled "evidence" wrong. ALL emails were supposed to be turned over to the FBI. She failed. > It's the definition of breaking the Hatch Act You and Reid can claim this all day long. Doesnt make it so. When new evidence comes into play, the investigation continues. Its that simple. Stop siding with your candidate and just be honest. > This has brought compete shame to our government. No, that was Hillary Clinton, for getting us all into this mess to begin with.
> If he wanted to crush her, he would have turned it over to a grand jury back then. Lol cause that logic makes sense... Comey finds no evidence to indict and refuses to sink so low to sacrifice his legal integrity and indict anyways... but because he didn't sink that low it's not possible for him to have gotten a little muddy through unethical and professional behavior that didn't extend to lying about his interpretation of the law... > Irrelevant to a criminal investigation. Clinton isnt above the law, despite her luck. Of course it's relevant. It's the only thing that matters. The only result stating this could have is a negative impact on Clinton's chances. That is the definition of breaking the Hatch Act > ALL emails were supposed to be turned over to the FBI. She failed. Nope. Just work related emails. > You and Reid can claim this all day long. Doesnt make it so. You can deny all you want but this is the reality. > When new evidence comes into play, the investigation continues. Its that simple. Stop siding with your candidate and just be honest. And it is Comeys job to follow department policy and not comment on an ongoing investigation. Ignoring policy with the intent to manipulate the outcomes of an election violates the Hatch Act. It's not up for debate, it's fact. > No, that was Hillary Clinton, for getting us all into this mess to begin with. Lol yes this witch hunt is Clinton's fault 
> Irrelevant to a criminal investigation. Clinton isnt above the law, despite her luck. > Of course it's relevant. It's the only thing that matters. Wow. I think we are done. Edit: > And it is Comeys job to follow department policy and not comment on an ongoing investigation. Getting a warrant is public knowledge. You cant hide it. Telling Congress was the smart thing to do.
> Wow. I think we are done. lol Comey is taking incredible heat from both sides of the aisle and just hearing the argument that those people are advocating makes you speechless... glad to see you can't tolerate hearing the truth > Getting a warrant is public knowledge. You cant hide it. Telling Congress was the smart thing to do. Actually it's not. The FBI gets warrants for its ongoing investigations daily that it doesn't report. It's actually their policy to not update the public of an ongoing investigation. Comey broke this policy in a truly unprecedented action
> glad to see you can't tolerate hearing the truth Comey has a job to do. Finish an investigation. Plain and simple. I applaud him for doing that. Ignoring any new potential evidence is what the Clinton camp would hope for. They would love for everything they have ever done to just disappear. > The FBI gets warrants for its ongoing investigations daily that it doesn't report. You dont take possessions from people without it being public knowledge - aka a warrant. Constitution and all. > Comey broke this policy in a truly unprecedented action Nah.
> Comey has a job to do. Finish an investigation. Plain and simple. And breaking Department protocol to inform the public about that investigation is not part of his job. And worse, is possibly illegal as it could impact the election. > You dont take possessions from people without it being public knowledge - aka a warrant. Constitution and all. Nope. Warrants in these investigations are private. That's how the FBI operates.
No one is suggesting that the fbi should ignore this as you presume. What HC and others, including republicans, are saying is that Comey should not have sent a letter saying essentially "we found some emails that may make us reopen the Clinton investigation" while down playing the fact that they have no idea who the emails were between or relating to. The fbi never gives information about an ongoing investigation until they have the evidence reviewed. Comey jumped the gun and potentially broke the law by swaying an election without evidence in hand.
What law.
The Hatch act forbids a member of the executive branch (except for president, vp, and a few other named officials) from attempting to sway the outcome of an election. In addition to elected officials anyone appointed by the executive branch, such as the fbi director, is also forbidden.
but he didnt intend to sway the election
Intent isn't always required to break the law.
It was a joke, but he did not break the law
Proving that he was intentionally attempting to sway the election is even harder than proving that Clinton intentionally sent classified documents through unsecured channels. Proving intent is really tough.
Proving Clinton intentionally sent classified documents through unsecured channels is literally impossible, because she didn't do that at all, intentionally or not. She setup a server and didn't do anything to stop other people from sending classified information on it.
No intent is necessary. "But an official doesn’t need to have a specific intent — or desire — to influence an election to be in violation of the Hatch Act or government ethics rules. The rules are violated if it is obvious that the official’s actions could influence the election, there is no other good reason for taking those actions, and the official is acting under pressure from persons who obviously do want to influence the election." [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/30/opinion/on-clinton-emails-did-the-fbi-director-abuse-his-power.html)
>and the official is acting under pressure from persons who obviously do want to influence the election. So one would have to prove that he was acting at the behest of people who did have intent instead, that would not be much easier.
Not at the behest, under pressure, which is very different. It's been no secret the amount of pressure Comey has been receiving from GOP for the investigation. This is the argument of a Senior former lawyer for the Bush White House.
> there is no other good reason for taking those actions but there was reason.
Is this really going to sway an election though? I mean, people voting for Hillary at this point are already fine with her whole e-mail fiasco or at least accept it... are they really going to not vote because they found some more on Weiner's computer?
Some here are and what law?
> Comey jumped the gun and potentially broke the law by swaying an election without evidence in hand. No, he had to issue a warrant to get the information - and warrants are public knowledge. His letter to Congress was to inform them of his upcoming action.
The warrant covered Anthony Weiners laptop. He broke the law when he publicly declared that he found Clinton emails on the device, something people wouldn't have known otherwise.
The investigators on the Weiner case told him (because, you know, they are all the FBI) that they may have found more emails.. Not content - they arent allowed to read the content. But the email address was obviously from Hillary. His announcement to Congress was to advise them that he will be seeking a warrant. Not a thing wrong with that. The warrant would have become publicly known.
Shh. Facts aren't welcome here.
It was Chaffetz who leaked Comey's letter to the press, though.
He clearly knew that was going to happen when he sent it and knew voters would hear about it, and said as much in the letter sent to FBI employees.
Even politifact admitted that the "protocol" was an unwritten one: > While the memos don’t discuss limitation of timing specifically, former U.S. attorneys have alluded to an unwritten guideline about not filing cases or commenting on investigations in the 60 days before an election. They cite two sources for it. The first source is from an avowed Clinton supporter (it even says so right in the Op-ed they use as supporting evidence). [James Comey is damaging our democracy](https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/james-comey-is-damaging-our-democracy/2016/10/29/894d0f5e-9e49-11e6-a0ed-ab0774c1eaa5_story.html?utm_term=.404165990b0f) > Decades ago, the department decided that in the 60-day period before an election, the balance should be struck against even returning indictments involving individuals running for office, as well as against the disclosure of any investigative steps. [...] A memorandum reflecting this choice has been issued every four years by multiple attorneys general for a very long time, including in 2016. The second is from a conference on government corruption (which Comey was present at and on a panel for). The person making a reference to the 60-day "unwritten rule" actually makes the argument for why the 60-day rule makes no sense in fighting against government corruption (the title of the article): [Confronting Corruption](https://www.law.columbia.edu/media_inquiries/news_events/2014/november2014/capi-conference-2014) > Fitzgerald, perhaps best known for prosecuting Illinois governors George Ryan and Rod Blagojevich, addressed critics who said indicting political candidates in the 60 days before an election violated an “unwritten rule.” > “In Chicago, corruption can be a volume business, so why shut down for 60 days?” Fitzgerald deadpanned. “When you threaten a witness, we will charge and get handcuffs on you as quickly as possible. It is important for a U.S. attorney to get staff that are apolitical so their charges aren’t questioned.” I am not sure this qualifies as Comey not following protocol, but rather HRC's camp doing the equivalent of this: https://youtu.be/RkfADiYrmA0?t=59
[deleted]
As a "memorandum". Kind of like a sticky note or an email saying, "Reminder: try not to charge politicians within 60 days of their elections." That means it is not a written policy with rules and guidelines, nor is it a legal requirement. As Fitzgerald put it in the part I quoted, "why shut down for 60 days?"
If the unwritten rule is 60 days is the limit, no reasonable interpretation could be that 10 days isn't too close to the election. Furthermore, actually bringing criminal charges and just merely announcing an investigation resuming are not comparable.
Ill be honest I hate both Trump/Hillary. But, the DOJ has no law, rule, or protocol for this, its just a longstanding tradition but my guess is James Comey didn't want to jeopardise being accused of lying congress.
they're arguing his letter violates the Hatch Act
Except his congressional oath he said he would update congress once more infromation changes his former statements. Hatch Act is used if the federal worker attempts to hurt a candidate the issue here is Hillary and the email case are still open cases and he is obligated by the Congress to give updates. Dose it hurt her......yes Is he obligated to update congress......yes CNN had a legal expert and they said he was legally obligated to make a update and if he didn't he could be found in contempt of congress which means he could lose his job. Also theirs no evidence of partisan here he only published that more emails were found.
Comey himself, in his letter to FbI employees, admits that he was not required to and that it was against protocol.
Source?
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-nation/wp/2016/10/28/read-the-letter-comey-sent-to-fbi-employees-explaining-his-controversial-decision-on-the-clinton-email-investigation/?utm_term=.e871e46f754b
I might be misreading his letter, but how do you get "not required to" from him saying that he felt "obligated to?" Sorry if I'm being dense, but I don't see where in the letter he said it wasn't required. Edit: To clarify, he said that he doesn't normally inform Congress about ongoing investigations. I believe he is obligated to inform Congress of *new* investigations. Since he previously implied through testimony that the Clinton investigation was over, at some point, the fact that the investigation is continuing with new evidence renders his previous testimony untruthful. His previous testimony is what renders this situation exceptional. I believe you have misunderstood the situation, but please correct me if I'm wrong.
Just to clarify to anyone else reading this, Comey did not explicitly say that he was not required to. This is a gray area with no easy answer. While I don't agree with the timing of his letter, any criticism I could make would be founded on speculation, since we simply don't have enough information at this point. Comey's letter also did not violate any formal protocol that I'm aware of, and he certainly didn't admit to same in a letter to FBI employees. The person I'm replying to has either misunderstood or is grossly mischaracterizing Comey's statements.
He also wasn't the one who leaked the letter to the press. That's squarely on Chaffetz as far as we know.
The way they do it makes it nearly impossible to find out.
And let's also not forget it's not Comey's fault more emails were found. That fact is really lost on people. This entire situation would not exist if Huma and Hillary just turned over all devices and emails. Right?
Or if Wiener didn't show his dick again
This is a tin-foil hat theory, but I think Huma kept a back up on her husbands laptop as either future blackmail or to ensure that she doesn't take the fall for this scandal. Huma and Carlos Danger were the up and coming political couple with white house ambitions and were quite savvy at playing the game. This laptop was only found because Weiner's peeper wanted to take all the selfies and share them with the world.
They're saying he may have violated the Hatch Act. The way I understand it, the act prevents people in public office from interfering with an election. Lynch urged Comey not to send the letter to Congress. I don't know if Comey directly commented on why he sent the letter but from his congressional hearings he said he would update congress if anything changed. Which is exactly what he did. I think Comey was in between a rock and a hard place. If they find something and he said nothing before the election people would say it was politically motivated or be as transparent as possible let congress know but at the risk of people saying it was politically motivated. Lose-lose situation for the guy.
Well Clinton does know a thing or two about not following protocols.
Yes she was raked through the coals for not doing, much like Comey should be. Maybe Trump supporters can call for his execution
Raked through the coals eh? Well I guess if you get heat stroke and pass out when its 70 degrees outside, getting asked questions could be considered torture... and I will be throwing my vote away on a third party candidate. I will not take responsibility for either these morons.
She tripped.
Cant tell if serious....
Jesus Christ you guys can't keep it together. Now it's about her bout of Pnuemonia?
At this point, what difference does it make? Clinton in finished.
Thats funny
I'm definitely laughing! :)
All of the polls disagree with you
Just have someone on standby in November so you don't harm yourself
What do you mean "you guys"? I am not with The_Donald... its YOU GUYS that support either of these two dip shits that can't keep it together.
How many times are you going to post this? We get it. In your delusional world Hillary is a pillar of integrity that never did anything wrong and other people did it too so it's totally not a big deal. Here in reality we realize that Hillary doesn't give a fuck about protocols and has consistently broken them herself.
No one said she was a pillar of anything. You can't complain she broke policy while breaking policy though
How about this. Let's all agree that Comey's extended "coal raking" a few months ago was not only unconventional, but downright nefarious. Now that we agree on that. Can you point out anything that he actually said that was incorrect?
His statement that it is pertinent implies he knows they're relevant to Clinton and her current lack of an indictment. In reality he doesn't know if they're pertinent yet
I'm not talking about his statement released a couple days ago. I'm talking about his statement he made originally when he announced that he wasn't recommending indictment.
What's the DoJ protocol on meeting with the husband of the target of the investigation off the record out of the way?
So wait, are you implying that Lynch has meddled by letting Comey, Bush's AG make the call instead?
That is the complete circular firing squad of Trump supporters. They don’t have the ability to make the very clear and logical link. Lynch gave Comey carte blanche and he still screwed it up. Hatch Act here I come.
I will directly state that Lynch broke any appearance of the DoJ remaining impartial by not recusing herself from the decision making process at all. Comey isn't the Department of Justice. The FBI reviews the facts of the case and makes a recommendation. The DoJ should have made the decision, not him. And Lynch shouldn't have been near that process with a ten foot pole.
> I will directly state that Lynch broke any appearance of the DoJ remaining impartial by not recusing herself from the decision making process at all. Don't get me wrong, what Bill did was stupid.But if you actually think it had an effect on anything besides looking really dumb, I'm not sure what to tell you. There are better ways to send an off the record message than meeting with the person in broad daylight in front of the entire media.
It didn't happen in front of the 'entire media'. Some random local reporter saw it happen and reported on it. They then confirmed it was true.
Right, that is why there were cameras rolling and watching both aircraft. It was wide open daylight and on camera. You’re making it up as you go.
Please share that footage. Hate to link Fox, but you're wrong: https://www.google.com/amp/insider.foxnews.com/amp/article/50049?client=safari
http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/video-appears-show-day-bill-clinton-loretta-lynch/story?id=41482393 Video from airport cameras, not photographers
WTF is your point? He got caught by a security camera? Great. How does this change anything about this thread, and why? Had the reporter not seen it go down, we all might not have known.
When he said "in front of the entire media" he means it wasn't done in secret. Everyone knew about it as it happened. There are plenty of ways to communicate in secret, this was not it.
https://www.google.com/amp/insider.foxnews.com/amp/article/50049?client=safari It really could have gone unnoticed
>Don't get me wrong, what Bill did was stupid What Lynch did was stupid. And would invalidate her appearance of impartiality.
It's my impression that Bill initiated everything, and she didn't have a whole lot of choice. That could be wrong, and I'd love to hear why. I don't think she's stupid enough to agree to something like this, because it would invalidate her appearance of impartiality. And from what i've read she didn't.
I'm pretty sure when you're the Attorney General for the Department of Justice for the United States of America, if someone wants to chat, you can generally say no.
A prosecutor would only recuse themselves if someone recommended charges. You wanted someone to override Comey and go after anyway. It's laughable
It is not at all unusual for prosecutors, rather than law enforcement, to make the decision to recommend charges in close cases. In the end, it's always the prosecutors signing off on charges. Their signature is right their on each bill of indictment.
Perhaps a 10 hour old politics only account should recuse itself from this discussion.
I'm a fairly old account and I agree. Should they have recommended charges, they might have recused themselves and it would have been appropriate.
Where is your law degree from. Must be better than Comeys.
All that I've learned is based on reading [John Rawls](http://www.enotes.com/topics/theory-justice), reading [The Illustrated Guide to Law](http://lawcomic.net), watching [Never Talk to the Police](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-7o9xYp7eE), studying [Kohlberg's Stages of Moral Development](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lawrence_Kohlberg%27s_stages_of_moral_development), a year and a half serving on a federal grand jury, and various independent studies in my search for a more optimized moral understanding. So there's gonna be probably gaping holes in my understanding of the law. But I think I have a pretty good concept of the *purpose* of the law and where our understanding differs from it. This, of course, means IANAL. And I would probably get in trouble if I suggested otherwise.
lmao /r/iamverysmart "well i've read 4 books"
I never claimed I was smart. I was just giving you an idea of the limits of what I knew. I was actually hoping for posts to help me round out my knowledge better. Can you provide that?
I use throwaway accounts after being threatened with rape on my primary. Would you like to discuss any more facts?
Suuuuure...
Good post
Ditto
Seriously? That's what you came up with.
I have openly admitted to not using my primary for this sub with every throwaway I've used
Wait, I think I missed somethings, is your primary banned on here?
Alright, then how about I join? A prosecutor would only recuse themselves if someone recommended charges. /u/TheUncleBob wanted someone to override Comey and go after anyway. It's laughable.
No one should be overriding Comey because Comey shouldn't be the one to make the decision. Flat out.
Comey is the one that decides is they recommend charges, then a prosecutor takes recommendation and moves forward. You forget he was an AG too
Comey heads up the investigation, then reviews the facts with and makes a reccomendation to the DoJ. The DoJ *should* then review the facts, take Comey's recommendation into consideration, and make a decision. This is not what occurred.
a specifal prosector is not assigned unless prosecution is recommended. Stop lying
What shocks me most about this comment chain is that you're not a troll account
A.) You not knowing facts does not make me a liar. B.) I haven't said one word about a special (or specifal) prosecutor (or prosector). C.) Yes, a special prosecutor can be assigned before the decision is made to file charges. D.) Get better talking points before re-engaging, please.
Enjoy gold for that smack down, some people are morons and you handled one well. I don't know why he thinks you bought yourself gold, but I'll prove him wrong.
Buying yourself gold doesn't give your argument any credence.
> I will directly state that Lynch broke any appearance of the DoJ remaining impartial by not recusing herself from the decision making process at all. ... Except that's exactly what she did. > The DoJ should have made the decision, not him. And Lynch shouldn't have been near that process with a ten foot pole. Um, do you know what the Attorney General is?
>Except that's exactly what she did. No, it's absolutely not what she did. She stated she would take Comey's recommendation. If she had recused herself, another, ideally, independent prosecutor for the State would make an independent review of the FBI's findings and make their own decision regarding the prosecutability (I hereby declare that to be a word) of the case. Do you know why cops don't prosecute criminals?
> No, it's absolutely not what she did. She stated she would take Comey's recommendation. Thus taking herself out of the decision making.
Lynch literally just said she would accept the recommendation of Comey...
That's the issue. Comey shouldn't get to make the decision - that's the role of the DoJ. Period.
Except the investigation to determine if there was even evidence to prosecute in the first place is carried out by the FBI. It's called the Federal Bureau of *Investigation* for a reason
I thought it was just a security review. :p But, yes, they investigate. Then, they present the evidence and make a recommendation. But the DoJ makes the decision. Or, *should*.
Is there any precedent for the DoJ going against the FBI's recommendation in a case like this? You're twisting the facts to imply some conspiracy, but I think Lynch agreeing to comply with the FBI's recommendation prior to knowing what it would be was the most responsible decision she could have made. My goal isn't to defend either candidate, and I don't have anything positive to say about Lynch's clandestine meeting with President Clinton. At the very best, it gives off the illusion of impropriety.
OK, but what if they did announce it after the election? If Clinton wins (most likely) she has even more power, so the case is harder to work. If Trump wins, nobody cares and even if she's proven guilty it doesn't change a thing. So I'm kinda glad this was announced beforehand.
Wait. It matters. This is the result of her trying to avoid the Freedom of Information Act. If she wins or loses she needs to be prosecuted for this.
What if they announce it now, it makes her lose election, and turns out to be nothing. That's why Hatch Act is a thing, and Comey is a dumbass.
Comey's testimony before Congress was no longer accurate and he was telling them so.
*I also think it would be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record. At the same time, however, given that we don’t know the significance of this newly discovered collection of emails, I don’t want to create a misleading impression.* From Comey's letter to FBI employees. Even he knew it wasn't a simple update, so I don't know why people are trying to pass it off as just being one. He knew it was going out, doesn't know the significance of the emails, and in sending his letter it's painfully obvious that people have been misled here when for all we know (or he knows) there's nothing even there.
He didnt violate the Hatch act. Huma lied under oath if there are clinton email server related emails on that laptop.
She's not really in a position to be chastising others for not following protocols.
Hypocrisy doesn't make something untrue.
This is true. There's even a name for such a logical fallacy: *Tu Quoque*
It's not hypocrisy for her to expect him to have to follow to protocols he complained about her breaking
She didn't follow protocol and denied it for months and months, and now is getting onto Comey for not following protocol. Hypocrisy, do you know what it means?
She followed the same email protocols as her predecessor. Comey also was part of an administration that used these protocols. Comey then decided after 7 of his colleagues in the AG's office were fired for breaking the law and deleting emails after a subpeona that he is going to break protocol to scold the former Secretary of State for the same thing he did?
And that email protocol changed and went into effect during her tenure.
No it didn't it changed in 2014
Your record appears to be incorrect.
http://www.factcheck.org/2016/05/ig-report-on-clintons-emails/ You've been talking a lot of shit for someone unfamiliar with the case.
If she has to face a year long investigation for not following protocol, I don't think it's hypocrisy for her to expect a Republican who didn't follow protocol to get the same treatment.
Wait is your argument really that Clinton should be criticized for breaking protocol and Comey shouldn't? Wat?
I'm just pointing out hypocrisy.
And being hypocritical while doing so...
I follow all protocols. No hypocrisy here.
No, his argument is not that. I can do the same to you. Is your argument really that Clinton SHOULDN'T be criticized for breaking protocol and Comey SHOULD? Wat? Doesn't make sense to do that, does it? Unless I was trying to discredit you, of course.
That's exactly what his argument was... did you even read what he said? > Is your argument really that Clinton SHOULDN'T be criticized for breaking protocol and Comey SHOULD? Well good thing I never said that. But OP literally said the reverse.
He said she isn't in a position to talk. That is exactly what he stated. YOU stated he stated the reverse. You even asked if that was his "argument." You wanna play political talk where you dance around the room like an idiot, do that in actual politics, not the internet. People might fall for it there.
> He said she isn't in a position to talk. Yes. Which means he's suggesting that she should be criticized but Comey shouldn't. It's pretty straight forward to see what's clearly being inplied
she is exactly in that position she was raked over the coals for it
Bro you're trying too hard for how little they pay you
Everyone but you is paid to be here!
I'm paid to *not* be here, but I'm violating protocol too.
Jesus Christ, they responded to every single comment tree. The dedication!
Not to mention /u/Comeyqumqat 's account is less than 24 hours old.
Seriously how many times are you going to post this? Hillary can quash this whole thing anytime she wants by releasing the emails herself. But we all know she won't. Her attack on Comey is a paper-thin attempt to goad the FBI into tipping its hand, so Hillary can plaster a hail mary defense all over the MSM before it's too late.
She doesn't have them. They were deleted. That's the problem.
[She's trying to get them released this time](http://www.npr.org/2016/10/28/499824310/hillary-clinton-calls-on-fbi-to-release-information-on-newly-discovered-emails) just like [she always has](https://www.hillaryclinton.com/briefing/statements/2016/01/29/release-of-emails/). But if you recall, someone sent her classified information, so it would be breaking the law for her to knowingly release it. Have you not been paying attention to the thing she was accused of?
Are you saying she has the emails on a secret device and isn't sharing them?
lmao, time to vote third party.
You know what else violated protocol having a private server in your basement.
Actually ironically enough it didn't. There was no protocol that said she couldn't, but if asked she would have been advised not to
...and?
So then there are no laws or rules anymore? Awesome. Someone should just go smack Comey in the mouth on live tv then. When they say, "that's physical assault" you say, "you know what else was physical assault?" and name some police brutality cases. Boy, you made this easy! Hey everyone, no one needs to follow any rules any more because Hillary fucking Clinton!
Colin Powell? Hillary was following protocol established by the previous administration after all.
Remember that whole "two wrongs don't make a right" thing? Yeah, it applies.
[deleted]
ahh, i didn't mean to imply she should be prosecuted, but i can see why it reads that way. I was going along with his view. My bad!
These things are both true. Doesn't reduce from the impact of either.
Another thing that violates protocol is to have your husband privately meet with the Attorney General right before she decides on the indiction.
How is that a violation of protocol? I can see how you could read a lot into it, but in what way was that a violation of protocol?
It really doesn't. I think this is standard and common procedure - don't you?
So anything that ins't standard and common procedure is nefarious by default? Sounds pretty spooky to me. Talking on a plane with someone you've known for over 17 years professionally could be for a myriad of reasons. Is it illegal for Bill to talk to Lynch or does it just look odd? Do you have any idea what they talked about or are you content with assuming the worst?
Anything that adds a conflict of interest is nefarious to me, yes. >Talking on a plane with someone you've known for over 17 years professionally could be for a myriad of reasons. I'm sure they were talking about Golf and the grandkids. I'm sure that was all that happened, yeah. >Do you have any idea what they talked about or are you content with assuming the worst? I have a pretty good idea. The highly unusual actions Loretta took corroborate my suspicions. Maybe that's why she is lately pleading the 5th.
That has nothing to do with the previous post. I ask you if you are a b o t.
The fact that 7 of Comey's coworkers were fired for deleting 22 million emails off the private server the White House was using... That one is hard to ignore
I have not heard about thing like that, so I can not comment on where that moves the political football.
Fired =/= found to be breaking the law or sent to jail.
And he excoriated her for it on national TV and tried to make a federal case about it even though he was part of the Bush administration that did the same thing for the whole White House and then deleted 22million emails
We arn't talking about the bush administration though, people bring that up like it makes what clinton did ok. Thats like saying all livs matter when somone says black lives matter. You compltly miss the point.
We are talking about the precedent it was fine when Comey and Bush had their emails on the RNC server
But it wasn't fine. It was also against the law and should not have been allowed to do it.
It wasn't against the law until after Kerry became SoS... It was against protocol. It *should* have been against the law, but our government moves too slow for the rapid increase in technology we have had over the past 2 decades. At the time of Hillary's server, the chair of the house science committee called the internet a "series of tubes."
Except they did that is called precedence and Comey was part of it
That is not precedence is the legal sense though. It woud have had to been ruled ok in a court room. Just because people have been doing the same shady shit for years doesn't mean it's ok to keep doing it.
It is precedent for the operations deemed acceptable and you know it
Except that's not how it works at all, I know it. It is illegal and none of them should have been doing it. I don't know how you can be so twisted inside your own ideology that you think something bad is something right. It was wrong of secretary Clinton to do that, it was wrong for every one of her predecessor to do it. And just because they all did, DOES NOT make it ok. They should all be punished but the fact is only one of them is running for office right now and that is what should be focused on.
Nobody is more anti-Bush than Trump, not even Hillary. I've never understood the "Bush did it too" defense, that doesn't make it any better.
> Nobody is more anti-Bush than Trump That's rich. Really, *nobody*? There are plenty--millions, even--of people more anti-Bush than trump. The point of the statement is that, while we should expect more from our leaders, this scandal was basically par for the course with what administrations do and past administrations have done worse and gotten off scot-free. So the reason Republicans are making such a big deal of it now is partisan hooplah, not some interest in transparency. Of course, you could be making the argument that Trump cares about transparency, which is why he's making a deal of it, too. I don't see him being more transparent in office than her when him and his campaign lies directly to people's faces and he refuses to release his tax returns. No, if the shoe were on the other foot, he'd likely be in an even worse situation.
Because it's pretty likely that 90% of Trump's supporters didn't give the slightest shit about deleting emails when Bush did it.
But they never support Bush in the first place. Just like they'll have never supported Trump 4 years from now.
It does, however, make it obvious the GOP don't really care about it at all, they're just using it as an election attack. It does do that, you must admit.
It isn't about who is 'better' none of the politicians who participated in it were charged or prosecuted, the FBI is clearly following the same standard here.
How about Comey did it too. He was literally part of the administration that ran heir emails off the RNC
That still isn't a defense. Just because a bunch of other people did it doesn't make it any less wrong.
It sort of does, inasmuch as the Republicans didn't think it was very wrong when they did it. They only think it's very wrong during an election year...
A bunch, over 300 if not far more. Everyone who mailed her, saw her e-mail address and knew this was a private server. The administration fully supported her in doing so not only by emailing, but actually giving her IT support to run the server privately.
Actually yes. The fact that no one has ever been scolded or investigated for it makes it pretty clear they thought it was acceptable
So since OJ got away with murder must mean that people think it's okay to murder?! Liberal Logic! Awesome!
They prosecuted OJ. What a stupid comparison
No, just because Hitler killed 6 million doesn't give you the right to kill even one measly person. People do drugs and some get caught and some don't. But just because some don't doesn't mean the police should prosecute Hillary Clinton different for drugs if (hypothetically of course) Comey was doing drugs at the same time. Bottom line: if what you're saying is that a bunch of people did it, then a bunch of people need to go to prison, not just Clinton.
Not when it's in violation of the law. Thats like saying it's OK to speed because everyone else is doing it. Sure, you're probably not going to get caught but if you do it's still illegal.
To be fair... the law can be wrong ;P
There wasn't a violation of the law. Comey explained that. Deleting 22 million emails after a subpoena was issued was against the law though, it led to 7 of Comey's colleagues being fired
Not prosecuting and not illegal are two different things. But there you are, deflecting with someone else did something so it's ok to do something bad.
That's ridiculous. You're jumping the shark.
They aren't deflecting. They're making 2 separate statements. What Clinton did wasn't against the law and Comey confirmed that. Separately, the actions of those working for Comey under Bush were against the law which is why they lost their job. He's showing how both situations, while parallel, are also quite different.
you really can't just make up words. She was not found to have broke the law. The AGs who worked with Comey, they were and got fired for it
Mook is right that the Justice Department — which oversees the FBI — not only explicitly prohibits employees from interfering with elections but urges employees avoid the appearance of interfering with elections. Lynch talking with Bill Clinton on the Tarmac gave no appearance of interfering with the investigation and election? Can't have it both ways.
Here is how a absurd the Tarmac conspiracy is... They are powerful people and messages get moved so much easier than planning to meet on a Tarmac... In fact they would have done all they could to avoid that scenario... Keep smoking what ever it is you are smoking.
Unfortunately common sense isn't a requirement in /r/politics. But then this whole cycle this subreddit is hilarious about every detail. The early months with Sanders was just surreal where people kept making this guy grander and grander to the point he couldn't loose. Well he rightfully did with his awful campaign but then again, this is /r/politics which also believed he had a chance after it was public knowledge Clinton had by far the majority.
Yeah, it would have been much more secure to just do it over email.
Lol yes because if anything this election hasn't shown us that communication methods cannot be stolen. A secure plane is a pretty good way to talk without the threat of anything being leaked. Let's all just believe that they talked about their grandkids for 45 minutes.
I could send a message with no trace easier than matching tarmacs. If you need to believe the conspiracy go on ... Don't let me distract you.
lol it's not a conspiracy, they had a private conversation on the Tarmac. You want to live in Denial than go ahead don't let me distract you. I doubt you could find your way out of a bag let alone send a message without it being traced.
It's a conspiracy as to the contents of the conversation.
Umm, my original comment was about the appearance of influencing the election. That's not a conspiracy, seems you just like to cry conspiracy but don't know what it really means.
Being you have no idea who I am or what I know I can factually claim you must be easily fooled.
That makes no sense, lol you also have no idea who I am so you can't factually say anything. I just doubted your ability, didn't claim anything.
I am right you are about 15. Later
Lol great response, just like the rest of your comments. Do you ever actually argue the topic or just try childish insults?
>lol it's not a conspiracy, they had a private conversation on the Tarmac. You can't be this dense. No one is denying they met and spoke. The conspiracy is that it was some ploy to make it so that Hillary wouldn't be indicted. But people on the right wing are pretty desperate right now. That's why they're listening to nut jobs like Alex Jones.
You can't be this dense, read my comments. The appearance of influencing the election is what I commented on.
There was no appearance, the DOJ made it clear the decision was the FBIs. Just quit now dude, you're never going to win this.
Lol there's no winning, they are opinions. You think your opinion is correct? So there's no appearance of influence there but there is here why? Because messistaxaccountant said so? Lol
[removed]
I literally explained this to you like a five year old. The DOJ took themselves out of the picture regarding the decision. How could they have been influencing something they didn't have influence over. So it isn't opinion, I'm telling you the absolute fact.
You don't think Bill could have went and spoke to Obama, and Obama could have passed along a message? Then it would be covered under executive privilege. Yes, it gives the illusion of impropriety, but God damn if the Clinton's are criminal masterminds like you all seem to think, *they would use back channels.*
The difference is the unwritten 60 day rule. That's what they're mostly upset about, the timing.
Mook is wrong. The only FBI memo they quote says exactly the opposite.
May well have, and the DOJ informed him of that. However, he was in quite a bind; they had already reopened the investigation, the FBI was already facing plenty of heat and charges of favoritism, much of it internal. If, a month, from now, this information were to come out that the FBi had reopened the investigation into now President-elect Clinton, and NOT told the American people, there likely would have been hell to pay, not to mention a ridiculously further eroded trust in our government. He had two choices. Neither good. He made the best choice of the two when looking at the possible consequences, IMO.
It does. They make it a point to not make decisions that could possibly affect an election. Even if they had to announce something, the way they did it only negatively affected one candidate.
pretty sure it was hillary setting up a private email in the first place that affected this election. the blame starts and ends with her
For which she was investigated and found to have done no criminal wrongdoing, 4 months and 3 days before the election. The FBI couldn't even legally investigate the latest emails because they lacked a court order permitting them to and yet Comey sent his letter of notification, a move which to the average joe implies wrongdoing even though the FBI has no evidence of such, 11 days before the election. Coincidentally, the Hatch Act makes it illegal for anyone in the executive branch to use the authority of their office to interfere in an election, and Comey is now on record having done this twice: first by injecting his own personal commentary on Clinton's conduct while presenting the FBI's findings of their investigation in July, second with the letter he released in which he himself admits they haven't even begun to properly process the emails.
So, what you're saying is that whenever a citizen does an act which results in law enforcement investigating him/her - any misconduct, negligence, corrupt behavior, breach of procedures the officer does is something we should blame the citizen for, and not hold the law enforcement officer responsible for? And in your view this holds true regardless of whether the citizen is guilty or innocent?
And when Comey was part of the Bush White House that ran all their emails off the RNC server? The precedent is that it was fine, that's why Powell advised it
Lol all of a sudden Clinton cares about following rules and laws
LOL all of a sudden you don't.
Well, im pretty sure she's got a clean criminal record. Do you have any evidence to the contrary?
Comey should care though as our top law enforcement agent no?
Comey cannot attempt to say that Clinton was careless for not following the rules while maintaining the law (his July presser) while being careless and not following the rules. It makes him look like a partisan @sshat
Lol ok. And what are you for being fine with Hillary being a careless liar?
She lied about policy violations in a "scandal" that has yet to produce a smoking gun. Meanwhile all of the (many) Trump scandals of bribery, sexual assault, fraud, and his complete lack of philanthropy are glaring, and those are all without having access to his tax returns. You people accuse the Clinton Foundation of corruption but we can actually look at their money trail (and their emails, illegally). We don't know jack shit about Trump and yet he's the "transparency" in government candidate. Fucking lol.
Ask Haiti how good the Clinton Foundation's work is.
Maybe you should. Here's the AP Haiti correspondent on the matter: http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/politics/2016/09/the_truth_about_the_clintons_and_haiti.html
That article is a joke that basically amounts to "Americans want charity done this way so that's why it's screwed up Hillary didn't do anything wrong". Here's a report from CEPR that goes into the role USAID played under Cheryl Mills http://cepr.net/blogs/haiti-relief-and-reconstruction-watch/ten-things-cheryl-mills-may-prefer-you-not-know-about-haiti-today
A link to the think tank that supports Hugo Chavez? lol no thanks
Any evidence of that like emails that show their stories being vetted by the people they are supposedly meant to criticize?
I clicked it too....sad
I hate trump. He's a corrupt lying douchebag. Why are you making shit up about me to deflect from you ignoring all of clintons wrongs
> ignoring all of clintons wrongs Wrong
She did not lie and it is only Comey's opinion that she was careless, that isn't an official statement like he is pretending to claim (also a violation of the rules)
She didn't lie she just couldn't remember anything lol.
It's hard to remember shit when you pass out drunk or in 70 degree weather.
> She didn't lie she just couldn't remember anything lol. [LOL.](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/trump-u-lawsuit-deposition-trump-can-t-remember-world-s-n597986) > Donald Trump claims to have a world-class memory, but it certainly wasn't on display during his deposition for a lawsuit over Trump University. > > "I don't remember," Trump told lawyers 35 times during his December testimony, which was released on Wednesday. > > His inability to recall covered a wide range of subjects — including whether he had told NBC News' Katy Tur just a month earlier that he had the "world's Greatest memory." >
That's great I'm not voting for Trump though.
I'm sure you can repeat back the precise words you used 6 years ago. Saying "I do not recall" is a common statement when you do not want to lie and don't want to make shit up.
If you say "I do not recall," then you either literally do not recall, or you're lying. The fact that it's a common statement doesn't change anything.
You realize she didn't actually say I do not recall, and instead it was the FBI notes which said it, since there was no actual transcript, as the interview wasn't recorded. That means they could have said "Did you eat eggs this morning" and she could respond "no", and they would write "Clinton cannot recall eating eggs this morning." Not just that, but its really a non-issue, since the people who did the interviewing did not find wrong doing, nor did the FBI feel there was enough evidence to warrant a trial. And just so you know, getting a trial is far easier than getting a conviction, so if theres proof of malicious wrong doing out there, the FBI hasn't heard of it, and if you think Comey is a Democratic Shill or what ever, I want you to remember that he was very clearly a conservative, and still likely is.
You're being asked for an exact date, saying you don't know isn't a lie.
She couldn't remember the classified training she received whatsoever legally it's acceptable but in terms of her being honest it makes her look bad.
No. That isn't what was said and you are lying. She said that she was trained on the C symbolism and didn't recall the precise day as it was around the time she had a concussion. Comey also then said that the three chains in question were not labeled appropriately and therefor would not have been known to even the most proficient experts. You can't just lie repeatedly this isn't a trump rally
What about the other emails that were properly labeled? Funny how Clinton fans never mention those ones.
She lied about the emails multiple times during the primaries. How can you possibly say she didn't lie and that she wasn't careless?
That isn't true she didn't lie. You cannot just gaslight the world. Comey even said she didn't lie
> You cannot just gaslight the world. Source?
At least make some attempt to be objective. * [FBI findings tear holes in Hillary Clinton's email defense](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/jul/06/hillary-clinton/fbi-findings-tear-holes-hillary-clintons-email-def/) * [Fact-checking Hillary Clinton's claim that her email practices were 'allowed'](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/may/31/hillary-clinton/fact-checking-hillary-clintons-claim-her-email-pra/)
Lol ya she never lies
Lol you never lie.
*you're the puppet*
In a healthy BDSM relationship, the one who looks like the puppet is really in charge. So the people are in charge clearly.
He promised under oath to update Congress on the status of the investigation. You have no right to be upset for the FBI investigating a candidate when you nominated a candidate under FBI investigation.
Good point. Probably the best summary about the situation.
No he said under oath he would notify them of new findings. They haven't reached that, he also made no promise to only notify the republican leader who he knew would leak the info. His 2nd memo explains he not only didn't have to say anything but that it is against protocol and arguably the law to do so. Chaffetz can't ask him to violate Hatch
[deleted]
> congrats on making it to 9 hours. 9 hours is a joke....I'm gong to make some coffee now so I can follow you for the next 3 days.
Still not giving you my primary so you can threaten to rape that too
Why bring Oz into this?
>No he said under oath he would notify them of new findings. And they found thousands of related emails that he notified them about...?
They found them a while ago and they haven't even seen them to determine if they're related or not
Yet, Comey, the guy who stated under oath that he'd update on new findings, apparently just found out about them. Then updated Congress on new findings. As he stated he would.
And he knows that the emails are relevant findings in the scope of the clinton investigation how? He hasn't seen them.
Seems like every single email that has gone through the server would be relevant, as the installation, set-up, use, and destruction of the server was the subject of the investigation...
They found them a month ago. He has yet to receive a warrant to read them
[This](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/fbi-obtains-warrant-needed-start-reviewing-emails-found/story?id=43179164&cid=clicksource_4380645_1_hero_headlines_bsq_hed) broke just as you were typing out you response.
So they finally got a warrant? Makes Comey's comments even more appalling
> @sshat drat! this vexing censorship has prevented me from knowing what you wrote!
The auto mod sometimes catches swearing if it seems "uncivil"
Well, it kinda is. No reason to go after each other when there's still discussions to be had.
Oh I know, I just think certain words work better. Nothing quite captures the foolishness like @sshat. Sounds like Red Foreman
The Trump supporters are also grasping to it as their last life line for their sinking candidate. Their claims now range from they found thousands of incriminating emails Clinton had hidden to that Comey had to do exactly what he did the way he did legally. Comey knew that people would believe the initial clickbait and make up conspiracies to excuse his actions.
/r/The_Donald's 14 year old users are currently jizzing themselves over the emails regardless of not knowing fuck all about them. They could be duplicates for all we know.
His memo admits as much. I would argue the fact that he admits he knew it would leak and that it was against the rules is a violation of the Hatch act
Which sounds like intent, the crucial element that he pointed out was missing from the Clinton investigation to warrant cause for criminal prosecution against her.
Yupp. His memo outlines that he knew it would leak and that he didn't actually have to say anything. It was 100% voluntary and against the protocol. There are already FBI agents apparently threatening to resign over it
If Trump wins (which I doubt) Obama likely calls him into his office and demands his resignation... If Clinton wins, he probably gives it in early January before she's sworn into office. FBI agents (especially higher up ones) are probably really pissed because they know he's likely going to have to go, and either way it's going to hurt them in the eyes of the administration, which tends to lead to reduced roles and money.
Are these the same one's that threatened to resign after the original "clearing" or different ones?
Those were threatening based on the protocol break, not the clearing. Comey has done this twice
Obviously you didn't get it. lmao
You are citing the idea that some FBI agents spoke out after his July presser, you're implying they spoke out because she was not found to have committed a crime worthy of prosecution. In fact those spoke out about Comey breaking protocol by giving the presser
It seems like most republicans understand this but not the trump camp. The_d seem to be completely oblivious to the fact that it can happen to both (or all) sides, appointed officials should not be messing with elections period. I also find trump supporters new love for Comey particularly hilarious considering they consider themselves anti-establishment and anti-corruption. If Comey was trying to influence the election this would be the worst case of establishment interference and corruption in a long time imo. All public disclosures should be withheld before the election and the investigation resumes after. If someone is found guilty of a serious enough offence there are methods to remove them from office. As far as I understand this is the well established protocol.
I love how ever since the investigation they called Comey a shill and a sellout to the Clinton establishment. And the second Comey does something they like he becomes their jesus figure. And these people attack Hillary for flipping on things she said decades ago like when she was a lawyer and they cannot even keep the same opinion on one person straight for over 3 months.
??? Someone does something you don't like -> You dislike them They do something you do like -> You like them That's not a flipflop. A flipflop is if given no new evidence, your opinion on the topic keeps switching. You're not supposed to singlemindedly keep the same viewpoint in the face of new contrary evidence. There's a lot to bash /r/T_D on but this certainly isn't something.
They didn't just dislike him. They hated him. Called him a puppet of the clinton machine. Said that either he was bought or forced to let clinton off. That isn't disapproving of his actions. They hated him with everything and showed him as an example of government's corruption. and now he's there numero uno friend.
> And the second Comey does something they like he becomes their jesus figure. He is still called a weasel and a coward there.
I'm really thinking its to preserve the integrity of the FBI. I can shudder to think what people's opinions would be of the FBI after Hillary gets elected and only after then they then reveal additional emails were already obtained and looked at and were not reported until after elections to the oversight committie when Comey testified to inform the comittee whenether anything changes after "closing" the case.
>new love for Comey Have you actually read anything on The Donald? They hate the guy still, and think he's a weasel who prefers Clinton.
That's rich Clinton all of a sudden cares about agency protocols
Is the Russian spam brigade out in force tonight? There's like 10 threads with the same comment almost copy and pasted.
Considering the FBI literally tried to make a cl federal case out of her not following? Yea she should expect Comey follow his own bullshit
Wow, you are roiding out in this thread with the same response over and over. That's odd, to say the least.
Why do you only post in threads defending Hillary Clinton? lol
This is a throwaway. After being threatened with rape I do not use my primary in this subreddit
Lmao
Yeah it's so funny when an impotent white dude rages.
You'd have to be pretty stupid to take a "rape threat" seriously over Reddit.
The account could be tied to my employer. I'm not letting some nutter stalk me
Did you actually think you were going to get raped?
I'm not letting some nutjob know my employer. Sorry
you give your employer information all willy-nilly on your main account? Also odd.
No. I partiticpated in a Ama with members of the start up I work at
What is that a record repair app?
So yes. Yes you did. E: multiple downvotes? must be those multiple throwaway accounts you were talking about.
Run along
You should spend more time doing productive things, and less time defending a politician on a online message board. The amount of posts you've made in the last 17 hours is sad. You're either being paid or you have no life.
Or it's a lazy Sunday. It would be cool it the mods enforced their rules or Trumpsters though
*or both!*
Don't worry, it's already pretty easy to tell who's paying you.
Everyone but you is paid!
Damn, I literally lol'd at that and woke up my gf.
half the comments in this thread are by him and supporting Hillary. Lol.
Protocol: Don't release information right before an election, even if it's something you would normally release. Comey: I normally wouldn't release this type of incomplete information at all, but I'm going to do so now because it's right before the election.
Protocol: Don't use your suspected sex offender husband's computer to send emails to the Secretary of State that should be done via a secure systems and not sent to a home server without proper security in chappaqua NY.
Hillary attacking someone for failure to follow protocol is hilarious no matter your opinion on this election.
Hill bots have no sense of humor just like their criminal candidate
It's depressing if you don't have a few laughs along the way. I've had plenty at both their expense and I'll gladly take the downvotes on any sub for it.
I mean we could also list all the protocol Clinton broke by having a server in her basement... so, I would say they are even?
Would you have honestly said the same thing if this happened to Trump instead of Clinton?
I definitely would, the important point is to protect the electoral process and guard against people abusing their positions. I would enjoy seeing it done to Trump but at the same time would be angry at the abuse of power.
No because Trump is being sued for rape and the media doesn't talk about it at all
No, he wouldn't have even looked up the law.
Yes, I think the FBI is doing the right thing by [refusing to comment](http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/sep/28/fbi-director-mum-probe-trump-russia-connection/) on any investigation of the Trump campaign's ties to Russia. But my personal opinion doesn't change the DOJ/FBI protocols.
That must mean there is something big in these emails. With that said, the DNC looks absolutely ridiculous for rigging the primaries in favor of a candidate under FBI investigation.
Yes, the fact that they have not yet reviewed the emails totally means that there's something big in them. Really smart take.
I meant it must be big for the FBI to allegedly break protocol.
Totally--they must know that there's something really big in the emails they haven't yet reviewed. Right on.
How come you are being so abrasive? I find this attitude is common among Hillary supporters. They must have seen at least some of the emails in order to know they're germane to the investigation.
For sure. I have no doubt that the NYPD at least perused the stuff in order to make the decision to pass the info to the FBI. Someone *has* seen what's there, but it was beyond the scope of their investigation (Weiner's sexting thing) and had to pass it on.
/r/TopMindsOfReddit
They couldn't have reviewed those emails since they didn't have a warrant.
You can review therm and look at them all day long. It takes a warrant to use them to prosecute. However, now that Weiner has given his permission, they don't need a warrant.
Nope. Unless you want to throw the case on a judicial technicality, you need a warrant. Why? Because looking at evidence without a warrant perversely incentivizes getting a warrant after the fact, which does shit for protecting rights.
Intelligence agencies don't give a fuck about protecting your rights. See Snowden's documents.
Except for the fact that the FBI is going to have to give this to the DOJ and anything obtained before the warrant or found after from information that was taken illegally is inadmissible in court. The DOJ would drop any case like that like a lead balloon.
According to Harry Reid's letter to Comey, the FBI has been investigating connections between Trump and Russia. Why didn't he send anyone a letter about that? Why hasn't he commented that a major candidate for a US election is being investigated for suspicious ties to an authoritarian regime linked to war crimes in Syria? Shouldn't that be something the American public needs to know about?
Why haven't I heard about about that investigation??? That's way more important than 3 emails
https://twitter.com/sahilkapur/status/792843842479239168 Harry Reid stated in a new letter to Comey that Comey and others personally acknowledged to him that Trump was being investigated for Russian ties.
Yeah sure 3 emails try more like 650k https://twitter.com/WSJ/status/792807458611879936
Did you read Comey's letter? According to Comey, he sent the letter as an addendum to his sworn testimony before congress. He previously said under oath that the FBI had concluded the investigation. These new emails means the investigation will re-open, so he had to make this update otherwise it could be said he lied under oath. >According to Harry Reid's letter to Comey, the FBI has been investigating connections between Trump and Russia. Why didn't he send anyone a letter about that? Because Comey did not testify under oath about that investigation. >Why hasn't he commented that a major candidate for a US election is being investigated for suspicious ties to an authoritarian regime linked to war crimes in Syria? Not to excuse Trump, but Clinton also has "suspicious ties to n authoritarian regime accused of war crimes." Namely a close temporal relationship between Saudia Arabia's donations to the CF and Clinton's actions as SOC. >Shouldn't that be something the American public needs to know about? Yes it is, but it is not the FBI's job to educate the public about ongoing investigations, this only happened because of the previous sworn testimony, as Comey said in the letter.
lol. Did not read.
Literacy is important, you should work on that.
Lol. Did not read.
U got rekt boy
> These new emails means the investigation will re-open, so he had to make this update otherwise it could be said he lied under oath. AFAIK, he didn't need to update Congress immediately. He had time before needing to amend his testimony. He basically pulled a technicality to get that letter out there.
The didn't even publicly acknowledge the investigations until Trump lied twice in debates about it, he was receiving briefings with proof and he lied twice, forced the DNI to put this out https://www.dni.gov/index.php/newsroom/press-releases/215-press-releases-2016/1423-joint-dhs-odni-election-security-statement
You've been doing nothing but shilling for Clinton on this topic for 9 straight hours since you've made your account. Tell whoever pays you that you need a break.
Look if Trump supporters would stop threatening to rape me on my primary I would post on it but they won't so you're gonna get banned
I hope overtime is in the budget, you've earned it.
Enjoy your ban
Run along now
Remember to stay hydrated and get up and stretch once in a while. 9 hours straight is a long time to sit there and furiously post pro-Clinton comments on a specific topic. I'm just looking out for you friend.
Literally everyone who doesn't like being harassed my Trimp supporters is a paid operative, Good one
Put on your tin foil hat for a second. What if Reid wrote this letter, specifically mentioning the investigation into Trump's Russian ties, knowing that the FBI is going to get asked about it by the press. I mean, I think we all know it was happening, but this is Harry Fucking Reid saying that Comey himself admitted to investigating Trump. This isn't a newspaper story with "anonymous FBI sources". This is the senior Democrat in the Senate. Reid just pulled a Chaeffetz. How in the world can they possibly justify "no comment" on questions about Trump's ties to Russia after the Clinton e-mail fiasco? That would make the FBI look even worse. They either have to break protocol again or admit publicly that the FBI is also investigating Trump. Either way, Comey is fucked.
Yupp, Comey is fucked. I've never seen a scandal morph so quickly, this went from "Defcon1 oh no Clinton is on fire" to "holy fuck the FBI is gonna be censured" in 36 hours
Lol only in leftist echo-chambers. People are swamping supervisor of election offices to change their votes away from Clinton.
If anything, this is going make complacent Clinton voters show up to the polls instead of sitting out thinking it was going to be a landslide. I mean, at this stage in the game, this is what's going to make people change their minds about Hillary? Not when there was a serious chance of her facing charges during a year long investigation? If they were voting for her last week, they're voting for her this week. If this was some grand plan by Comey to swing the election, he may have done the opposite, as well as get himself fired in the process. Tremendous job.
DoJ and Comey are in Clinton's pocket playing 32d croquet with public opinion.
87.5d tiddliwinks
27 1/3rd D string theory tic-tac-toe
Wasn't the notion that people would stay home due to a landslide false to begin with? Something about historically, people like voting for winners, so they're more likely to go out and vote if they're confident their candidate is going to win? What's hilarious is Trump's constant whining about a "rigged election" might actually discourage his own base from voting.
Or vote twice...
Wapo and others are showing that this is helping the base https://twitter.com/daveweigel/status/792742184755789824
Yeah, that only happened on /r/politics. Maybe you need to step away from your computer for an hour.
Lol okay. Yeah even Fox News has someone calling Comey out
Trump had to lie about the Russia hack in two debates before the DNI put out their statement saying yes there was a hack and Russia did it
If the FBI came out and announced they were investigating Trump's Russian ties, 11 days before the election? Yes. It would be a violation of the Hatch act.
They tried to investigate it a month ago, the Lynch and the DoJ stonewalled them, forcing them into this situation.
That isn't true at all. You literally just made it up
https://twitter.com/AP_Politics/status/792803558404096000?lang=en https://twitter.com/jimsciutto/status/792808151334678528?lang=en http://www.wsj.com/articles/laptop-may-include-thousands-of-emails-linked-to-hillary-clintons-private-server-1477854957/ Oh did i? Might wanna read about the DoJ playing politics and forcing the FBI's hand. It's actually really gross how corrupt it is.
650,000 emails. What the fuck?
The DOJ says they've had them for a while, not that they were stonewalled or forced. Stop lying
Uh huh. If you read the WSJ article you'll notice that the DoJ didn't even attempt to file a warrant.
You literally made up the claims of people stonewalling an investigation. Literally made it up
Looking through your comment history I see you literally have spent hours (10 hours as of this post) on this subject defending the email server at all costs, blathering on about the Hatch Act, and other stupid shit Are you paid to do this or have no life?
I posted the article, your refusal to read it is only embarrassing to yourself. Gonna call me a Russian Agent again btw?
Ok, so they had them for a while. And then didn't do anything about them? Why are THOSE emails released yet? Who is preventing them from being released?
Just the simple fact that Comey sent a vague letter to Congress 11 days before the election means it's politically motivated? What kind of logic is that? Blame the MSM for making it bigger than it actually is if that's what you believe, not Comey. The emails were discovered weeks ago -- perhaps there's something compelling in the evidence that Comey wanted Congress to know about. I'm not going to take a hard stance here and say Clinton definitely did something bad, but to pin this fiasco solely on Comey is a bit shortsighted.
The reason why the protocol is to not release info like this within 60 days, is because there's absolutely no way this will be resolved by Election Day. What exactly can you do in eleven days? What if this is nothing?
While we're speculating, what if it's everything?
I think the saying goes, you're innocent until proven guilty, not the other way around.
A vague letter? Hahah He sent it knowing that it would be illegally leaked by Chaffetz. He put details into his internal memo like he doesn't know what is actually in there or of its pertinent because no one at the FBI has read them
> perhaps there's something compelling in the evidence that Comey wanted Congress to know about A. That's speculation B. FBI confirm they have not looked at the emails as they do not have the warrant. So, they have not looked at the evidence. That being the case how could there be compelling evidence?
> FBI confirm they have not looked at the emails Maybe they hadn't but clearly the NYPD has. There was no expectation that they would find anything even remotely related to HRC on that computer.
> clearly the NYPD has Do you have a source on that? It would be surprising if the NYPD accessed the emails without a warrant.
> It would be surprising if the NYPD accessed the emails without a warrant They had a warrant to investigate Weiner's sexting to a 15 year-old girl. In the process of looking at his laptop, they found the emails. The emails are saved as a file along with all of his emails. Do you think that they, like, sent it to the FBI without first perusing those files to see if it was pertinent to their investigation? This whole thing was out of left field for pretty much everyone. I'm not saying the NYPD knows if there's dirt in 650,000 emails, what I'm saying is that they most definitely have at least looked at them as it related to *their* investigation. How else would they have known to forward the info to the FBI?
> How else would they have known to forward the info to the FBI? Have you ever had multiple e-mail accounts on one computer? It is very obvious that they are linked to seperate e-mail accounts. And for each account there will be listed the name of the user or the e-mail account. And let's not forget that the FBI themselves say they haven't read any of the e-mails. You guys are doing an awful lot of mental gymnastics to convince yourselves that the FBI has some explosive info.
Well you just got mouth fucked didn't you?
They already have the warrant.
Which of the two memos are you getting that from?
The got their warrant this afternoon. (10-30-16) http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/fbi-obtains-warrant-newly-discovered-emails-clinton-probe-reid-accuses-n675411
Yeah right, you'd be crying in typical liberal fashion.
Trump isn't under investigation for anything. It is not illegal to have "russian ties", even if it is true.
From my understanding he was required by law to release that information. Maybe you can prove that idea wrong, but I don't know if it has anything to do with the election.
Your premise is wrong. He didn't have to release it. In fact, the Hatch law specifically prohibits it. He was advised of that and STILL made the wrong choice.
He was not required by law to release it. In fact, he was advised not to by the Justice Department. But hey, that's just my understanding of it all.
Interesting. We must have heard different things. Darn internet and everyone having biases! :-P
Oh yea the justice department and their totally unbiased opinion...
Even GOP congressmen and media are condemning it. The only ones supporting this are the people in the Trump camp. It's not some partisan argument about saving and covering for HRC. It's being condemned by the DOJ AND both sides of the aisle because it sets a dangerous precedent for future elections where they could easily find themselves the next target and on the receiving end. The protocol was created and abided by to protect both parties and ensure fairness at election time for both sides. Violating it means both sides have to worry about this in the future.
There is protocol that nothing is released 60 days before an election you know
Is that protocol also law?
Yeah but didnt the head of the DOJ remove herself from this clinton investigation and place all judgment about this onto Comey? In my opinion, DOJ standards are thrown out when the head of said organization meets with the husband of someone undergoing a federal investigation.
> didnt the head of the DOJ remove herself from this clinton investigation and place all judgment about this onto Comey? She said she would abide by Comey's recommendation whether to indict or not. She didn't remove the Justice Department from all aspects of the investigation.
She removed them from independently observing the investigation and coming to a conclusion themselves which is standard protocol.
Yes, because she wanted to ensure the public it was not a partisan decision. But the DoJ still advises the FBI about matters relating to the investigation, even if they remove themselves from the final recommendation. *That* is standard protocol.
Hillary broke protocol by having a server that had classified information on it. I'd say Loretta Lynch broke protocol when she had a private conversation with Bill Clinton while the justice department was investigating his wife. It seems democrats only give a flying fuck about protocol when they can bitch about someone else.
There was no protocol for or against a private server in 2008. It's only when she is judged by 2016 standards does it look bad. There is no protocol against a former President talking to the head of DOJ, who he already knows, about their grandkids at a random meeting.
>There is no protocol against a former President talking to the head of DOJ, who he already knows, about their grandkids at a random meeting. Come on, don't be so naive. You know damn well you are making this sound as good as possible.
I'm not being naive at all. I'm stating the facts. I've been watching this cluster since the beginning. John Kerry, the CURRENT Secretary of State was THE first person to use an in house government state issued email address. And even he didn't use it from the start. He went a few weeks or month or two I believe using something else. Oh, and by the way, Hillary has been investigated 9 times for Benghazi (turned up nothing) and publically by the FBI (who doesn't ever do public investigations but they made an exception for her) and it turned up nothing. So, she has been thoroughly violated ... I mean "investigated" for her non crimes. "[George W. Bush Administration: 60 embassy deaths Secretary of State uses private server Iraq War 22M deleted emails 0 FBI investigations](https://twitter.com/MarlowNYC/status/792064921848713216)." I want Comey and all these other self-righteous people held to HALF the standard Hillary has been held to.
For real. I used to buy into the "Hillary is a criminal" rhetoric until all the decks that were stacked against her and nothing. Then [Kevin McCarthy openly admits](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jIJ0g8EPs0) that the hearings were just to hurt her public perception. I know we've always been a society that assumes guilt when someone is on trial even though we are told not to. We all go "Ooooooo" when someone is called to the principles office. I fell for all of it just like everyone else, but I see now that all that shit is just manipulation. People saying, "criminal" when she has not been convicted of a crime. It's Nancy Grace all over again, and these dummies would shoot themselves in the face if they realized they were no better than Nancy Grace.
I have said this exact thing repeatedly but as Reddit has paid Clinton social shills all over it, Comey is crooked, Hillary is god, and the emails were just a teensy mistake.
Unfortunately, reddit doesn't seem particularly inclined to do anything about vote manipulation from astroturfers. After all, it's in support of the candidate /u/spez and reddit's parent company support. Even just disabling downvotes for the first three hours after a submission is posted would make a huge difference, and it would probably be trivial to implement. I've suggested this idea to both /u/spez and the admins at /r/reddit.com, but they don't seem interested in making that fix anytime soon.
Coming November 9th.
But you might've given them the idea of disabling upvotes in certain subs for 3 hours or so :P
So the system is rigged, and it isn't that the majority of reddit doesn't agree with the views of r/thedonald? You do realize the number of readers there is much less than the reddit userbase right?
Similar to how they don't do anything about the Donald vote manipulation that spams the front page either. Or the Bernie vote manipulation back in the primaries. It's just how Reddit is designed to work, the popular consensus will shoot to the top.
Certainly not popular consensus. If you're bored, go through the front page of politics. Put the poster and top comment user into this site: http://www.roadtolarissa.com/javascript/reddit-comment-visualizer/ Be totally and utterly not shocked at all about the bias you see. Go a step further and do the same for any poster that seems dishonestly dismissive or aggressive and you get a really clear picture on the current state of reddit.
And this exact same thing happened in the primary for Sanders, with a hand full of people posting every anti-Hillary/pro-Bernie article they could for karma. There was even a point where people would post articles that were anti-Bernie but with ambiguously positive sounding titles and they'd shoot up instantly. You didn't care to check each comment history then because you probably agreed with most of the articles. People are biased and the circle jerk varies on the mood of the day and who decides to come post. Hillary faints? Bernie or bust supporters rush to declare the DNC was insane for nominating Hillary. Hillary surges in the polls? Pro-Hillary people come while most hardcore Bernie fans don't come to the sub. Neither one is evidence of any manipulation. It's evidence people like to swarm when they are going to be surrounded by like minded individuals.
> You didn't care to check each comment history then because you probably agreed with most of the articles. Me? I almost always check. If you take a look at mine, I'm not a very active reddit user in general, particularly in political subreddits. The problem isn't: > It's evidence people like to swarm when they are going to be surrounded by like minded individuals. There is definitely some of that, sure. But if you do as I suggested, the problem is obvious and it's not enthusiastic people. Just one of many from this thread being incredibly dismissive, /u/Comeyqumqat. Less than 12 hours old, 257 comments, all in politics. All about the Comey and the emails.
Hey screw off I use throwaways. I've also commented only in subreddit, not just emails
You could be a little less obvious.
But now that he doesn't like the popular consensus, it's clearly not a real consensus. Obviously it's got to be people who are paid to do it. Nobody could possibly disagree with him and have legitimate grounds for doing so!
You cant be upset vs clinton and not be upset against bush against chaffetz against comey all of whom have lied and broken protocol in their partisan bull
So does protocol matter, or no? Are you merely pointing out hypocrisy, or do you agree there is a problem? If there's a problem, what do you think of Comey's letter in context of Reid's letter to him? You think Come has done right? If you give a pass to one, give a pass to both.
Since "Protocol" just means "tradition" I'm not sure why this is the only one we're going to care about this election.
As if there is any sort of "tradition" for this shit in the first place. We've never had a candidate under investigation by the FBI before. The closest Thing I'm aware of is Watergate, and that's really not close at all.
Look up the '92 election
He also released it with no real explanation knowing the media would try to beat each other with the clickbaits for views as well as the fact Trump supporters would defend anything he did.
He should have known we are idiots!!! He needs to be fired! /s
He also released it with no real knowledge of what it was they found, as the NYT just reported they only now got a warrant to even look at it.
Preet knows
He also sent it to Chaffetz right as the Clinton Campaign was landing and wouldn't have wifi, Chaffetz tweeted it before even telling the rest of the committee
You do realize that they can have wifi on the plane. Also, If they didn't have wifi on the plane, but were on the ground they should have had an LTE internet connection connection.
Not when they're landing
If this was intentional thats pretty smart tbh
It's "smart" but way illegal
And Chaffetz re-endorsed Trump on Wednesday. The night before Comey claims he found out about this bombshell. After Chaffetz made a huge show of unendorsing Trump weeks ago. Makes you think.
And by some reports sent it to Republicans first such that the first wind the Dems on the committee got of it was Chaffetz' tweet.
He sent it just to Chaffetz, Chaffetz as head of the committee is supposed to share it with the committee, instead he tweeted it. There would calls for federal investigations if a democrat pulled that stunt
Now that's just a straight up lie... http://youtu.be/QP7JQ88G5CU?t=279
Pretty much this. I am giving Comey the pass on this. He informed Chaffetz. Chaffetz made it public and politicized it.
Chaffetz is such a disgusting politician. I can't believe he gets reelected
Hatch Act only applies to Executive Branch members so Chaffetz is safe in the Legislative Branch. Additionally, the American people have the right to know where their tax payer dollars are going as long as the details are not classified
I concur. Chaffetz had discretion but not obligation.
I wonder if Comey had an idea about the timing of her plane landing. It seems too perfect that they got the full 30 minutes exactly where they couldn't respond
I'd say too much conspiracy wondering. What Comey wrote is so vague, I don't comprehend any sort of response could be created. Again, I assert this was just to the Committee chair and Chaffetz made it a media item out of what may eventually be another giant nothing-burger. Hard to say now but its just a cloud that will likely linger unless FBI can clearup if Clinton was actually involved in anything directly. Rambling thoughts among her associates should not move the needle, i hope.
Comey actually sent it to Republicans and Democrats at the same time, as stated by Robby Mook, Clinton's campaign manager in his interview with Chris Wallace. https://youtu.be/QP7JQ88G5CU?t=279
Chaffetz has already says he has two years of investigating Clinton lined up. Other representatives have talked about impeachment and the senate has made it clear they will block and obstruct. How is this not the story? These people cannot govern.
I think the Clinton's are willing to use some LTE to address one of the biggest events of the 2016 campaign. Plus I can guarantee somebody in the Clinton Campaign was in a situation in which they had wifi. What was the point of bringing this up?
Seriously? You're claiming they should have kept their devices on when they have to turn them off?
> What was the point of bringing this up? To manufacture a conspiracy. Even if the conspiracy fades away quickly, it adds to the anti-Comey noise, and gives the illusion that the emails are a nothing burger.
If the FBI discovered through a parallel investigation that there were new and incriminating e-mails, wouldn't it be worse to wait until after the election to share that information with the public?
If they knew it was bad, but they don't. That's the rub, if they sat on it, you'd see some people get upset obviously, but it can be explained easily due to protocol and the fact that they didn't know what the emails said.
I'm of the opinion that it is likely bad. Comey is obviously risking his career here. The DoJ and the FBI are at odds, and politically, this is a huge maneuver because of the elections. If it's a small issue, Comey is through as FBI director. I'm guessing we'll know more by the end of the week, but I'd be comfortable betting money that something serious is coming. This doesn't bode well for the Clinton camp.
You're projecting though, because the FBI doesn't know what's in the e-mails, he specifically made a point to mention that they have no ideas if the e-mails will mean anything. It doesn't matter if he has something or not, his career is over.
It's ridiculous to believe that they have no clue what's in the e-mails. Senior agents meet with Comey privately to discuss the new material. There had to be a general awareness that there was something fairly serious if he was willing to go public rather than taking it to the AG. It will take them some time to finish reviewing all of the new evidence, but to go public with this a week before the election is very, very significant.
They had no warrant, they went off of metadata which just showed who they were to, from, etc. They sat on them with the meta data for three weeks. No doubt they probably read them or were told what was up by the agent who found them in the Weiner docs. So yeah, they knew but they weren't supposed to know. They knew for quite some time, over three weeks. If they had found something important from the meta data alone, or from other sources, they would have broken the news three weeks ago (takes like a day to run through meta data) and they would've gotten a warrant to investigate further three weeks ago. They waited until the 11 day mark before elections for a reason. It was obviously very calculated. If they had gone through with this a month ago, there would have been a lot of time between then and now to temper the blow of any possible scandal, and if they were indeed investigating it might have cleared up. I didn't want to think this way, but you have to wonder if Comey was in on this. It seems like the FBI under Comey is always ending up in this mess. During the Bush investigation didn't 7 agents get fired for covering shit up in Bush's favour? It just seems to me that the FBI is very partisan under Comey... His guys are always getting themselves into trouble for trying to do "favours" for Republicans. One has to speculate whether or not he is the best option for the FBI..
It's definitely possible. Anything seems to be at this point. Alternatively, he could be aware of a future revelation that would implicate him, or at least show his acquiescence to Lynch, which would tarnish his reputation or the FBIs. It also appears as if he is getting a lot of pressure internally from agents who were unsatisfied with his recommendation not to indict in July. There's a lot of speculation at this point, so who knows. Interesting times for sure. It is truly astounding though that the Democrats willfully colluded to ensure that Clinton got the nomination in spite of how many people seemed to be at least dimly aware of this situation and what a liability it could be. Great job, DNC.
The worst part in all of this is that the specific FBI agents that had this info sat on it for three weeks or more before letting Comey know. So they colluded amongst each other to wait 11 days before the election to reveal this to Comey and put him in a tight spot where he was fucked either way. We really have to be asking who these people are, and why they chose to wait three weeks on this, instead of handing it over to Comey three weeks ago so that he could deal with it accordingly and responsibly. Why did they wait 11 days before the election, for a Thursday? Why did they let Chaffetz know about this info before Comey himself allegedly knew? Who are the rogue agents responsible for this? It is all so orchestrated it's hard to believe that they're going to find anything on Clinton. More like just another smear tactic against her like the 9 congressional hearings on Benghazi.
To be fair, it would look even worse if he released it after the fact and it turned out to be somehow damning or relevant information. Would certainly offer a lot of credence to the Trump people arguing the process is rigged.
This election is disturbing on so many levels. No matter what happens, things have GOT to change. Our own government is sabotaging itself, a reality tv star is running for president, and our best hope at keeping this dumpster fire from turning into a country shaped inferno is a status quo politician embroiled in manufactured and actual controversies.
'embroiled' is ... 'problematic'; they've been smearing her for 30 years.
It would be all true instead of mostly true if he said it violates the Hatch act. *edit - Though, come to think of it, I would think it's likely a Justice Department Protocol to not commit any crimes by meddling in a national election when you're a federal employee... so, yeah.
But can it really be argued that Comey influenced the election when it was Chaffetz who leaked the letter to the press?
When you send a crack addict crack, you can be pretty sure they'll take it.
Did Clinton or Huma violate the Hatch Act then by allowing those emails to exist?
The only thing Comey, and the FBI, and the DOJ have done wrong is drag their feet doing everything possible to insulate and protect Hillary. And I wouldn't be surprised if he's the only person to suffer any consequences, for the crime of doing his job at Hillary's expense.
Is Hillary Clinton seriously this upset about someone not following federal protocol? Is this really happening?
Yes and she's demanding they release the emails. The fu king irony.
The election that keeps on giving. They should just tell her they were bleached.
maybe she should not have bleached them..
They demanded that earlier this year too, knowing full well that the government wouldn't ever allow it. They're just saying it, they don't mean it.
she's demanding they release them because she knows they can't. Really the FBI can't even read those email right now.
Kind of clever on her part, appearing that she has nothing to hide. And the FBI got a warrant for the emails within this last hour.
do you think it's not necessary for them to release these new emails to the public?
Do you think it's not necessary that Hillary not delete and lie about her emails?
If I had a time machine I would go back in time and tell her not to set up a private email server. I can't do that, so now I'm forced to choose between a turd sandwich and a giant douche. Lucky for me one of those two isn't Republican.
I wouldn't. I would go back in time and have someone bust Comey, Powell and Bush for doing something ten times larger. The precedent was set.
She did not lie and the deletions were explained by Comey. You cannot just pretend it didn't happen because you didn't like the findings
[removed]
*shakes head* Nonsense. Yeah see that shit only plays to Trumpsters
I hate trump
Which is why you're on the internet trying to fight his opponent. k
[removed]
He wants only Chaffetz to see them so he can lie about them more
All 650,000 of them?
Considering they tried to make a federal case out of her doing how would you expect less?
They didn't try to make a federal case out of her violating protocol. They *did* make a federal investigation out of her having classified documents stored on a privately owned server.
so, a federal investigation out of her breaking protocol...
It was a federal investigation to determine if she had violated federal law. The FBI didn't attempt to determine if she had violated any protocols.
They absolutely did when they found that while she hadn't broken any laws, she would have received administrative sanctions, i.e. The punishment for breaking protocol.
Answering a hypothetical question is not the same as investigating protocol violations.
_Retroactively_ classified documents. *After allegations were raised that some of the emails in question contained classified information, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) initiated an investigation regarding the origin and handling of classified emails on Clinton’s server. The FBI Report found that some of the emails originated in five other intelligence agencies. The FBI found that all classified emails on Clinton’s server were drafted on “unclassified systems,” meaning that they were stored and sent from unclassified servers, violating the same policies as those on Clinton’s personal server.*
Comey said he would love to charge her if he could, he scolded her even though it was against policy to do so
That has nothing to do with why the FBI investigated Clinton. They investigated because there was reason to believe that Clinton had mishandled classified material - not because of any possible protocol violations.
Well to my understanding protocol is a guideline not a law. "They" are trying to make a federal case out of her violating actual law.
Except he already testified in detail that she had not done that. He can't vaguely suggest in one letter that it's pertinent and then admit that you have no idea what's in it but that you shouldn't even be commenting in the first place due to federal law
I think you're just mad that there was an October surprise after all.
And you're still in for a November surprise, despite this non story. Count on it.
Lol the FBI reopening the Clinton investigation is a non story? LOL I guess only locker room talk is a story to a social justice warrior.
Idk, I think it may end up in her favor if Comey has to come out tomorrow and re-issue the whole she didn't do anything wrong speech that came at the original end to this debacle.
There is no surprise. Literally nothing was found Comey didn't even have a warrant to read whatever he said could be pertinent
dud, you're an new user that has done nothing but damage controlling Hillary on /r/politics for 7 hours. Can't you just fuck off?
I use throwaways. I'm not "doing damage control" I'm commenting in r/politics
You're only "commenting" full time.
Ironic considering her using her private email server is against protocol as well. Pot meet kettle
The ironic thing is that we put these kinds of people in power
If we weren't so dumb then maybe the government could be more transparent. Look at us.
She was excoriated and they tried to make a federal case out of it. She has every reason to demand he be held to the same standard
protocol is different than legality. She did not adhere to protocol so if she wants to hold him to the same standard, the bar is pretty low. Just because you reply the same thing to every comment doesn't make it a valid thought
He didn't follow protocol either
Oh now she's talking about protocols. This is gold.
https://pics.onsizzle.com/half-true-ron-paul-pol-act-says-the-u-s-federal-5241120.png
Attorney General Loretta Lynch meeting with Bill Clinton 5 days before the FBI made their recommendations and then, instead of recusing herself, saying "Not to worry.. We are just going to do whatever the FBI recommends" (in other words.. the FBI was given the full authority of the DOJ to indict if they decided to) was against protocols too..
Just out of curiosity, what do *you* think the word "recusing" means?
Recusing means officially stepping down and turning the authority of the decision over to another entity. So if the AG were to recuse herself she would make an official statement that she no longer is able to take the case because of some appearance of impropriety or a conflict of interests so the power of that authority will now be given to an independent prosecutor, for example. What she did was just say "I'm going to accept whatever the FBI says" without officially taking herself off the case. She still had the window open to change the decision. If she officially recused herself she wouldn't be able to do that. This isn't what I think. This is what it is. If a judge recuses himself from a case, for example, he can't then jump back in later and overturn the decision of the judge that was replacing him. Lynch never had anybody appointed to take that position.. she just gave her word.
I don't see the relevance of the point you're making. I just wanted to highlight you are factually incorrect. Lynch expressly did NOT recuse herself. She said she expected she would accept the recommendation in the ordinary manner. The ordinary manner is that the FBI investigates, makes a finding on facts and may or may not express an opinion on prosecution. The case then goes to the attorneys in the DOJ who will assess the FBI work, and make a final recommendation to the AG. So, the case was never delegated to the FBI, and Lynch did not recuse herself.
I never said she recused herself.. I said that's the problem. She did, however, make a public statement prior to the Director's recommendation saying that WHATEVER HE SAYS they will accept. That isn't ordinary. Ordinary is the FBI director turns over all of their findings with a recommendation and then the AG and her team look over everything and decide whether or not they agree with the findings and then the AG makes the statement about what they will be doing. In this case, because of the appearance of impropriety created by Bill Clinton and Loretta Lynch having their tarmac meeting, she was asked to recuse herself. Her response to that was "I'm not recusing myself. Whatever the FBI recommends we will accept." That has never been publicly done before.. ever. That isn't the way it works. She effectively turned the authority of the DOJ over to the FBI. If Comey said "we want to indict" based on what she said she would have had no choice but to indict.. even if the FBI's findings were weak and Comey was making a 100% political decision to tank Hillary's campaign... based on what Lynch said she'd have had to accept that or go back on her word. EDIT: in case you forgot: http://www.cbsnews.com/videos/attorney-general-loretta-lynch-wont-make-final-decisions-in-clinton-email-probe/?ftag=CNM-00-10aab4i
> I never said she recused herself Yeah, I mixed that with the person below you. > She effectively turned the authority of the DOJ over to the FBI. If Comey said "we want to indict" based on what she said she would have had no choice but to indict.. Nah. If the FBI says the evidence isn't there then it would be difficult for the DOJ to pursue it. If, however, FBI said the evidence was there then it would have gone to the DOJ for them to decide whether to prosecute or not. If the DOJ attorneys say "we want to prosecute" then it would have been difficult for Lynch to disagree. If the attorneys said "we don't think there's grounds for prosecution" then it would similarly be difficult for Lynch to disagree. Both of the latter cases would still have been DOJ decisions. It is not the role of the FBI to prosecute, they do not have the staff and it was never delegated by Lynch to FBI. Again, I don't see the relevance of this in the context, but I did want to clarify.
It isn't the role of the FBI to prosecute... I agree. So when Lynch said she was not going to make the final decision and whatever Comey says goes she basically did turn the authority over to the FBI. Unless Lynch was just saying that so she didn't have to step down.. but then imagine what would come if she said "I'm not making the decision.. whatever the FBI says we will do" and the FBI said "indict" and then Lynch looked over everything and said "nahhh.. we don't see a case." That would look 100% political. She would have gone back on her word and the entire investigation would have looked corrupted. When she came out ahead of the findings being turned over and said the FBI has the final say she gave them the authority without recusing herself.
> and whatever Comey says goes I've explained: she did NOT delegate it to Comey - as far as I have seen. If you insist she did then I will need the source.
I'm not saying she specifically said "Hey, FBI... I'm recusing myself... All authority is now yours." I'm saying that when she came out ahead of the findings being released and said "I'm not making the final decision. What the FBI recommends I will accept" she, in essence, handed her authority over. If she decided to overturn the FBI's decision after saying that the entire investigation would have been corrupted. Did you look at the Link I posted? http://www.cbsnews.com/videos/attorney-general-loretta-lynch-wont-make-final-decisions-in-clinton-email-probe/?ftag=CNM-00-10aab4i What more could she do short of recusing herself? She literally said she won't make the final decision (as is her job). What the FBI says is what they will accept. What do you think that means? I mean, yeah.. she left herself a loophole by only giving a pinky swear that she'll not overturn the FBI's recommendation instead of recusing herself but if she did that the faith in the DOJ and FBI would have been completely destroyed and Hillary's campaign would have been over. So what exactly do you think she did here?
> [Lynch] said Friday that she would accept whatever recommendations **career prosecutors** and the F.B.I. director made about whether to bring charges in the case Career prosecutors = DOJ http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/02/us/politics/loretta-lynch-hillary-clinton-email-server.html?_r=0
Ok so you are saying she shopped her job out to the FBI Director and unnamed career prosecutors.. That's still not her job.. What she publicly said was that she would accept the recommendation of the FBI. If she said "I had some anonymous prosecutors look at this and they said I should reject the recommendation" that would have been the end of the Clinton campaign and the end of any faith in the DOJ. Her statement made anything other than accepting what the FBI recommended 100% unacceptable. Do you acknowledge that?
The link is from 1st July. It is what she said at the time. It is why people say she did not delegate it to the FBI (which would have been ridiculous); she expressly did not recuse herself.
Deleting evidence on purpose is against protocols too
Which is why Comey testified that isn't what happened. All deletions were perfectly within policy
Except for the part where he said nobody looked through the emails deleted, and he has no idea what those emails were. Other than that tid bit, comey totally said the deleting was within policy.
Here's [what the FBI found](https://www.fbi.gov/news/pressrel/press-releases/statement-by-fbi-director-james-b-comey-on-the-investigation-of-secretary-hillary-clinton2019s-use-of-a-personal-e-mail-system) regarding that issue: > I should add here that we found no evidence that any of the additional work-related e-mails were intentionally deleted in an effort to conceal them. Our assessment is that, like many e-mail users, Secretary Clinton periodically deleted e-mails or e-mails were purged from the system when devices were changed. Because she was not using a government account—or even a commercial account like Gmail—there was no archiving at all of her e-mails, so it is not surprising that we discovered e-mails that were not on Secretary Clinton’s system in 2014, when she produced the 30,000 e-mails to the State Department.
Which is very different from the discussion contained in the Wikileaks emails.... almost as if the FBI wasn't doing a full investigation of Clinton because the outcome was predetermined by higher officials....
The Wikileaks emails have not countermanded any of the paragraph quoted.
Ok, but the issue is that they deleted a whole bunch AFTER the subpoena. There was an actual court order to NOT delete anything, and the day after they received it, they deleted 33 thousand emails.
That is literally recusing herself.
No.. if she recused herself she would have stepped down and appointed an independent prosecutor to make the decision. She still maintained the position but pinky promised she wouldn't use her authority. She had her cake and ate it too. She got away without recusing herself BUT if there was a decision made that she didn't agree with she never officially stepped down and handed over her position on the investigation so she still could have stepped in and changed the decision. She even made it a big point to talk about how she didn't have to recuse herself..
What? That isn't the legal definition of recusal.
Umm yes it is... the person would be removed from the position of authority. She wasn't. She made it a point to say she isn't recusing herself. But then she went on to say that she also wouldn't be making the final decision. She was having it both ways. She said she won't recuse herself but she also won't make the decision but since she didn't officially recuse herself and get replaced she left herself the window to still jump back in and make the decision. A judge can't say "I'm not officially recusing myself but some other guy is gonna make the decision for me but I'm not gonna tell you who that person is." What exactly do you think happens in a recusal? If you think Lynch recused herself you better talk to her.. because she explicated said she DID NOT.
There isn't a prosecutor needed when the investigator says there was no crime You're asking for Clinton to be prosecuted anyway and its crap
The independent prosecutor would be in charge of looking over the investigation materials and then determining if they agree with the FBI's findings or not and making the ultimate decision about whether to indict or not... That's also what the Attorney General is supposed to do... Instead she said "this is all on Comey" which is unprecedented. EDIT: To reply to your edit... I'm not saying she should have been prosecuted no matter what. I'm saying the Director of the FBI shouldn't have been made the ultimate decider in this. That's not the job of the FBI. The FBI is supposed to investigate and present their findings to the DOJ and the Attorney General is supposed to review the findings and then decide what to do. She can accept the recommendation or reject it. Instead she publicly said that this all boils down to whatever Comey says so she gave the authority of the DOJ to the director of the FBI without ever officially stepping down. So if she disagreed with him she could have still changed the decision. She left herself that opening.
Don't let facts interupt Trump/Bernie jerk
Too bad recusing yourself is appointing a special prosecutor not just leaving the decision up to the fbi.
The FBI needs to recommend prosecution first. You wanted her prosecuted anyway and that isn't how it works
That is simply untrue. Whether or not the FBI recommends prosecution, a prosecutor will look over the investigation and make the final determination on whether or not to prosecute. Thats now the system works.
That is a lie, a special isn't assigned when investigators say there is no case
Thats not what I said. A normal prosecutor looks over it regardless, not a special prosecutor. Then they make the final decision on whether or not to continue.
Says the guy/gal who makes a throwaway 11 hours ago with the name Comeyqumqat spamming circlejerk comments to amass 2k karma.
I use throwaways after being threatened with rape on my primary. I also don't spam, my comments are just high quality
> I use throwaways Why so many? Unless that s was a typo?
As in whenever one logs out I go on to another, throwaways. Plural. One at a time
It looks like the person just likes to make novelty accounts for some fast circlejerking karma (quality lol, or just paid per comment). Rape threats are pointless due to anonymity here, which just requires one more account with no personal info in it.
i hope they get paid, ffs thats a lot of work just to balloon karma. I mean im on here a lot but thats because i have a sick need to try to present an alternate viewpoint, I tend to generate more negative karma than positive.
Looks like we both need more wholesome hobbies. :/
yes, yes it does. Pen pals? I live in vancouver canadia?
Lol Bernie Jerk? You really think the trump train is full of white college educated males huh? Cause last I checked millennials and college educated whites made up B-Dawgs entire demographic.
The Bernie holdouts are coming out of the woodwork. Not those who have realized the future is on the line
I mean considering the worst demographic for trump was Bernie's best I don't think your using any sort of information to back this up.
Oh sorry, I've seen extremists on both sides of this issue that's why I said Bernie/Trump you've got the conspiracy nuts who say Clinton runs the government on both sides of the aisle
Haha, NOW the clinton campaign is interested in following protocols?
This is the first time in months that the top comments on r/politics arn't just some pro-clinton circle jerk.
[Solid contributions](https://i.imgur.com/NKlYBqv.png), guys.
Lol
Yeah because your post from politi""""""fact""""""" really inspired some meaningful and insightful discussion here, really got my neurons firing.
Lol
Lol
It's after hours in Moscow, they won't know the bot broke until morning
How can this kind of intervention/sabotage be prevented? Would people be against verifying themselves and having site-wide flair indicating that they were a real person and this was their main account?
They've tried to combat it through IP bans and vote fuzzing. It's why the_dippard has special rules for vote counts on the front page
Viewing your post history, can I ask what employer gives that nice 3 hour reddit break you had from your 1 post in politics every two minutes for the 12 hours your account has been active. http://www.roadtolarissa.com/javascript/reddit-comment-visualizer/ Seems a bit hypocritical to be calling out bots.
My history which has all the gaps for when I was off enjoying my life? Or yours a which is full of the Donald
How much do they pay to post on here? Asking for a friend in need.
More than you could ever expect to get
Did you even look at mine before you responded? You can hit me for posting on gay subreddits, gaming subreddits, etc. but I have never posted on any donald subreddit. You are ridiculous. http://www.roadtolarissa.com/javascript/reddit-comment-visualizer/ Type in: thesonofdarwin, hit enter. I don't need a throwaway. I'm not trying to hide anything. It was your outrageously dismissive attitude with obviously false claims that made me even look at your profile in the first place. Is it a personality trait or a job requirement?
OP literally posted in an above comment that he/she uses multiple throwaway accounts...
Oh, please, give me a break. You people are getting mad over a person getting justice? ANYTHING anti-Hillary or pro-Trump is then dismissed, like this. Re-opening of the Clinton case? >Clinton campaign says Comey letter violates Justice Department protocols And of course the Clinton Campaign would say that. You know, I was gonna vote for her, but seeing how corrupt she is made me change my mind. I hope some of you do, too.
As opposed to Trump who is literally the definition of corruption?
He isn't being investigated by the FBI... for a second time... and you say Trump is the definition of corruption? There's some flaws in your logic.
But he was charged with "pay to play" and several investigations by the DOJ
You mean Shillary? Anyone who does any amount of research will know that she rigged the primaries against Bernie. Open your eyes. And... two FBI investigations... come on. To top it off, her campaign gave 600k+ to Comey's wife. CORRUPT CORRUPT CORRUPT. Explain that.
>You mean Shillary? No. I meant Hillary. >Anyone who does any amount of research will know that she rigged the primaries against Bernie. Open your eyes. Wheres the proof? Enlighten us. Show us in the highly decentralized electoral system there was voter rigging. >And... two FBI investigations... come on. All of which found nothing. >To top it off, her campaign gave 600k+ to Comey's wife. CORRUPT CORRUPT CORRUPT. Are people not allowed to donate? >Explain that.
[The voter fraud comitted by the DNC, study by Stanford] (https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B6mLpCEIGEYGYl9RZWFRcmpsZk0/view?pref=2&pli=1)
He's being investigated for connections to Russia. Nice try there bud
Source? edit: My point remains strong, still. The fact that she is being investigated by the FBI for the SECOND TIME shows how unfit she is to be president. Now, please don't take this personally, as many of you Hillary supporters do. I'm simply stating that because she cannot follow SIMPLE protocol and handle classified information that she is unfit to be president, or hold any official government position. Not being able to handle classified information and follow basic protocol is a far worse than using a legal loophole to avoid taxes (which is the last main argument many of you hold on to).
It wasn't reopened. That is a lie and you're a Donnie poster
And you are spewing Clinton propaganda all over this thread. Can't call out Donald supporters if you are doing the same thing on the other side of the spectrum.
so it wasn't reopened but is ongoing? Is thst really what you're trying to argue?
It was not reopened. It was never closed
Yea, so it's ongoing. No one cares and this is being overly pedantic. Is having an ongoing investigation somehow not worse than it being reopened? Ok, so Hillary has a ongoing open FBI investigation which possibly got some new evidence. Better?
It is implying guilt and you're intentionally trying to stir shit up.
How does that imply anymore guilt than it being ongoing with new evidence? In both cases she's being actively investigated. And an investigation means no guilt has yet been assigned. The fact you have to be so pedantic means you have no real defense on this matter.
And that's exactly why there are laws and guidelines in place to prevent someone from manipulating an election like that. You just made the case by saying you're changing your vote based on a vague statement for why the timing of his statement was nothing but politically motivated.
I've made my decision to change my vote LONG before the reopening of the case. I said after seeing how corrupt she is, meaning that one could see her corruption as early as the first investigation. Please. The terribleness of Trump does NOT make Hillary an acceptable candidate.
Yeah, not buying that you were ever going to vote for Hillary. Nice try though. Lol my neighbor btw knows people who still haven't gotten paid by Trump. At least Hillary has tried to do noble things & her charity actually gives money to, you know, charity.
If there was breaking evidence that proved ANYTHING, it might be forgiven. Like they'd stumbled across e-mails proving that Clinton was selling secrets to China or something. All they did was [find more e-mails that might be relevant](http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/10/28/us/politics/fbi-letter.html). That's it. They haven't said anything about whether it proves criminal activity one way or the other, just that they have new e-mails. Notice that you've already concluded that they're hiding something despite the fact that it hasn't been proven yet. And that's EXACTLY why the campaign's pissed off, because others will come to that same conclusion without sufficient evidence.
wait. it's the FBI that's breaking the law? wow. balls.
Not according to her husband,[he's just fine with this sort of thing.](http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/flashback-bill-clinton-cheered-11th-hour-indictment-that-doomed-bush-re-election/article/2606000)
HahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaHahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaHahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha HahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaHahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha HahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaHahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DrHkLv2414o
No brigading here!
> No brigading here! **ok, redditor for 17 hours**, stop projecting.
I openly discuss how I use a throwaway account in this sub, good effort
As trustworthy as Clinton when she denies wrongdoing or recollection of things. Good effort.
Holy crap it's like talking to a chatbot
How do you feel about the fact that you'll be unemployed after November 8th?
Hahaha good one dude.
Ha ha ha! An entire history of >75% single sentence comments calling someone else a chatbot. Amazing.
Holy mother of projecting. Stop reusing the lines people write at you. Stop using cowardly throwaway accounts to bully too.
Sorry, didn't realize laughter was banned in this sub too.
If you come to this later make sure to check the controversial sort. Tons of trump supporters with varying conspiracies, "truths", and "facts" about the case proving this somehow proves Hillary Clinton is going to jail because of what Comey is talking about.
The Clintons have always believed that anything that makes them obey the law violates protocols.
Is that a threat from the Clinton campaign?
Only figures this election will go from being over, to who knows now. Pretty cool. One candidate may end up in jail. The other candidate is a sexual predator. 'Merica.
And both sides are vehemently arguing over who is worse. I feel like we should just start over with two new candidates...
If this was for an investigation into trump, this sub would have a completely different response, from its commenters to the action of its moderators to bury related articles, which look bad for hillary, in a mega thread. i would never vote for trump, but I would not sacrifice transparency between our government and the people to avoid a trump presidency.
Just have to say it, but this sub has just become a political propaganda machine. I mean come on...
Sort of like when Hillary violated protocols for handling classified information.
[deleted]
My problem is that complaining about it doesn't help Clinton... In fact, it might make her look worse. She should just stick to the "release them to the public asap" thing.
> In fact, it might make her look worse. She should just stick to the "release them to the public asap" thing. Except they can't release anything to the public because they haven't even started an investigation yet. They didn't even have a warrant to look at the emails.
I'm just saying from a public perception standpoint...
>It was "premature to say anything before he knew more facts," said Peter Zeidenberg, a former prosecutor at the department’s Public Integrity sector who supports Clinton. >Even if Comey had turned up new evidence — for example, more classified emails — Zeidenberg told PolitiFact he doesn’t believe director should have prioritized transparency over the election sensitivity policy if the evidence didn’t change his analysis that there’s no case against Clinton. There are a lot of shit comments from trumpsters in here, but you all don't seem to be saying anything about the article.
Lol aw now they Care about govt protocol. She must've just gotten older and wiser and revised her opinion.
If you guys don't want the FBI to be involved in the election, don't nominate someone who is being investigated by them.
She just wants to remind him that he might actually have to face consequences for his actions, apparently unlike herself.
Yeah having a private server and giving your non clearance aid access to it and having that copied to her pedophile husband's laptop isn't exactly protocol either.
And having the Attorney General meet with a suspects husband is withing protocol? You guy's are hilarious!
> suspects this doesn't seem like the right word.
Yeah. Your right, perpetrator is better and more fitting.
i also don't think the meeting was nefarious at all. though, ill-advised as we can see.
The old Tarmac conspiracy...lol.. Do you know how rediculous that myth is... Seriously like on one hand Bill is the most powerful OZ and the next he needs to park his jet in a airport to meet the AG like no one would notice... Come on....
The FBI isn't the Department of Justice, it is under the Department of Justice. And, as of yet, we don't know what the emails were that prompted this. If there is an email from HRC with the summary "quick delete all the emails about..." Then I doubt in the Justice Department protocols were violated.
The Comey letter only violates Justice Department protocols in an FBI Inquiry.
Violating protocol was what started this.
PolitiFact said I could keep my health insurance
If the DNC didn't want their candidate to be under federal investigation, they should've picked a different candidate
Trumps under 5 state investigation and nearly certainly the FBI also. They just won't comment on it.
Or you could expect the FBI to following their own fucking rules You cannot take the high ground and tsk tsk Clinton for breaking a rule while breaking rules yourself. He's done this twice now. Breaking protocol carelessly to claim his opinion that someone else, his political opponent, it's breaking protocol. That may play to Trumpsters but it's stupid
You guys were perfectly fine when they didn't follow the rules a few months ago...
No several people spoke out
Clinton has been under right wing so called investigations for 30 years, longer probably than you have been on this planet
Maybe she should stop doing so much shady shit.
You should tell that to Colin Powell then.
or maybe just maybe republicans could get into the business of doing their jobs
Oversight is their job.
http://lawnewz.com/high-profile/we-investigated-donald-trump-is-named-in-at-least-169-federal-lawsuits/
Funny how we haven't heard anything about the Manafort investigation
The straw grasping is strong with their camp.
Their "ruling": >The department prohibits its employees from interfering with elections. That policy generally has included being sensitive about what information is released about pending or active investigations in the days and weeks leading up to the election. > >However, there is no hard and fast rule, and an expert said Comey has the ability to exercise his judgment based on the facts as he knows them. > >Mook’s claim is accurate but needs that additional information. We rate it Mostly True. We are talking about a criminal investigation that has been appended with new information. If making sure our candidates aren't criminals is interfering with an election, then please, interfere. Thank God Politifact has been exposed for the fraud it is. This interpretation just proves it. The investigation in question has been at issue for many months and to say only now that it interferes with the election is bogus.
ITT: tu quoque
What about the DoJ and Lynch refusing to issue a warrant for weeks? I guess that's irrelevant right? Maybe Comey was forced to go public cause Lynch was refusing to let the FBI do it's job... cause that's what seems to be the case.
Who gives a fuck? She's a fucking criminal that has broken countless laws. I'm ok with Comey breaking a protocol to skewer her for being a parasite on this country.
Got proof she broke some laws? Go more evidence than the FBI?
Comey said she broke the law but was too stupid to be charged
Setting up a private email server violates national security protocol. This is her fault and only her fault.
In addition, if she had properly complied with federal records retention regulations and FOIA requests, there would be no issue now.
That and it sounds like the issue this time around is perjury...
The RNC did it for Bush during the Iraq war. Funny you're not mad about that.
Throw them all to jail. May as well give them one cell with Hillary since they are all dirty rotten neocons.
Comey was part of Bush's admin during this. You are clearly uninformed
Funny, I never said anything about that. I didn't support W and I don't support Hillary because of many of the same reasons.
Oh is Bush running for president again?
His attorney general is the one leaking this stuff
The RNC did it for political business which would be a violation of the hatch act not to do.
no
I wish Bush had been prosecuted by Obama but he wasn't because Obama planned on doing pretty much the same things despite saying otherwise. The sad realization was seeing the dems who so vehemently criticized Bush's actions defend them when they were done by their party leader. Blue vs Red. The only difference seems to be the varying levels of rampant hypocrisy.
Im mad about that. Are you mad about Hillary? I bet you're not.
"Oh shit he's right. Better blindly throw Bush in even though I don't know how he feels about Bush".
So you think it's fine for the AG who was there when his party did the exact same thing on a scale so much greater than Clinton it's hardly even right to mention them together, to be breaking the rules now for partisan shit?
I am. Does that say something about our federal IT infrastructure? Is it such a nightmare to use that high level officials often circumvent it or use third party email providers? If so they need to fix that shit.
I thought Hillary said she used a private sever because she didn't want to have to have a two devices (one for gov stuff and one for personal stuff)... There IT infrastructure may suck, but that wasn't her reasoning.
I have separate work and personal accounts on the same phone.
What kinda server do you have in your basement?
So you agree that government should get its tech to the point where multiple devices aren't necessary and there aren't similar barriers to IT security and hygiene. Thanks.
The government was using blackberry at the time. I used to manage a blackberry enterprise server. Those phones were shit for playing games but they were very good at managing personal and professional profiles in terms of keeping data separate, especially compared to iphones and Google phones at the time.
Let's be clear about one thing. Blackberry brickbreaker was perhaps the greatest mobile game of all time.
by all means, throw him in jail too. funny that he supports clinton for president
And Gingrich? And Comey? He was a part of the Bush Admin
In your opinion, should people be mad about both?
Nope. They don't think anyone should be upset about anything Hillary ever did.
Comey was a member of the administration that did it. He claims he can't speculate on whether or not Clinton would be hired, how about if he would be hired? He's literally been a part of the same operation doing things on a worse scale
This is not on her server... this is on Anthony Weiners laptop. According to the LA Times the emails are neither to or from her.
It'll be ridiculous if it turns out Huma just had a user account on that computer with an IMAP login to the same mailboxes the FBI has already read.
>former U.S. attorneys have alluded to an unwritten guideline about not filing cases or commenting on investigations in the 60 days before an election. >Citing the policy, several former prosecutors and department employees have aired concerns and criticisms. "unwritten guideline" suddenly becomes "policy" and in turn "mostly true" Does anyone take politico seriously anymore? Is there any difference between mostly true and mostly false, except which candidate they apply it to?
So if they catch a politician robbing a bank or engaging in pay to play, their policy tells them to keep quiet about it? That's quite a policy.
*Politifact not Politico.
*Politifact not Politico.
Jimmy Comey is a seriously flawed little man that was scared by his subordinates into blundering into this action. He is a boneless shitty excuse for a leader and even a human. He will be a nonexistant sidenote in the history of this country. He may even be the useless author of the rise of the horrible and needless rise of the NSA in our nation. Resign Jimmy, you worthless piece of shit.
The NSA? Reality check: Crooked Hillary *did* vote for the Patriot Act and Comey is working under President Obama
Lock him up.
Huh?
Last I checked, Donald has 75 cases currently open against him, including one involving the assault of a teenage girl at a party. Additionally, the Trump U scam suit is still moving forward. Donald's response to most (if not all of these suits) is that he is going to sue these people after the election. [Donald threatens to sue female accusers ](http://www.politico.com/story/2016/10/trump-accusers-will-be-sued-after-the-election-is-over-230186) [USA Today article about Trump suits](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/elections/2016/10/25/pending-lawsuits-donald-trump-presidency/92666382/)
Says mass media
"Clinton campaign says Comey letter violates Justice Department protocols, Comey says use of private email server while in public office violates federal law" Fixed that title for you.
lol, the Justice Department violates Justice Department protocols!
having a private server isn't protocol? the fucking hypocrisy from these liberals!
But if Clinton wants the emails released, she could do it herself.
The protocols concerning adversely affecting the election prospects of the chosen winner. This is a joke. The curtain has fallen away. Agents responsible for criminal investigations are having their hands tied and being given orders not to adversely affect the election prospects of the establishment candidate. I have a novel idea: let the people who live in this so called democracy decide what information they think is important.
How about running a private server with classified information? Pretty sure that's a felony.
She wants the information revealed so she can formulate an excuse for everything. I absolutely LOVE watching her squirm to try hide all the corruption. LOCK HER UP!
Ewww creepy neckbeard go away
Neckbeard...that's a new one. Must be an insult that dumb, intellectually challenged Americans use? Either way when we drain the swamp I'm going to enjoy the shit show that follows. You have no idea how corrupt HRC is, just wait and see.
Lock her up
Lock her up
*Speaking of breaking protocols...*
Which she was under federal investigation and excoriated for. Your candidate has called for her death over it
The investigation is not over, it appears.
It was never closed or over. It has remained open. Yet another lie Chaffetz told and Comey allows to go without correction
No, it clearly was with announcement that she wouldn't be charged. That is, until these new emails came to light. Or are you suggesting a conspiracy with Comey secretly investigating Clinton? And it was just fortuitous that Weiner's laptop dropped in the FBI's lap? LOL, you people touted that Comey "cleared" Clinton (when he didn't) and now cry because he needs to investigate new evidence. I can't wait for this witch to finally be brought down.
These new emails that Comey hasn't read? That no one at the FBI has read yet? Pretending to know anything about them is reckless
LOL, ok. Nobody who knows anything would believe that Comey makes that announcement without there being something incriminating in there. I don't care what he says.
That's ridiculous. If there were something incriminating then that's what he would have announced.
They couldn't because they needed to get a new warrant to cover the emails. But if you believe that they didn't look at them before they obtained a warrant, I have some nice beachfront property in Nebraska for sale.
The warrant was just received minutes ago. Stop posting
Or what?
I'll block you
OK you guys are not sane anymore. If a letter about a investigation of Hillary where she broke insurmountable laws and perjuried. And now youcre going to state because FBI dir didn't follow advise, that the reopening is null and void? One broke advise One broke uncountable laws and signed docs not to harm US intel. Had a private server and has Wikileaks leaking mails daily.
Interesting. We're laws broken? Because we all know that breaking protocols don't mean shit to Dem's.....
Just some unwritten ones, but theyre super important and super real.
Oh now Clinton cares about the rule of law lol
Just protocols
Too bad! So sad! Maybe next time the Clinton campaign won't break the law. Oh, wait... there won't be a next time!!! Break out the butter because the Clinton campaign is toast! And for that, I thank them!!!
Lets be mad at Comey instead of Clinton.
How about it is clearly possible that both can be blamed for the situation. Comey so screwed this up that he turned this into a huge issue. It is likely that these emails are a waste of time.
I've gotta believe even though he "hasn't read" those emails those agents turned up something damaging to Clinton.Big enough that he would send the letter and risk what he's going through now...he's all in knowing he has an ace in the hole,,,he's gonna come out smelling like a rose
He pooched it so bad that he is drawing straws. I don't think they found anything. So far this has been a hunt with no result and I don't think it will show anything.
Well, she violated National Security Protocols. Checkmate, bitch.
lmao this sub doesn't even try to hide the slant anymore
This just in: Hillary supporters don't understand even the basics of how the government functions. She should be in jail or worse and you children know it.
This just in: Hillary is going to be the next President of the United States for 8 years most likely, because the GOP picked human garbage to represent them.
At least they didn't pick somebody under federal investigation. Twice.
No way she makes it more than 4. The only reason she even could win is because she runs the government.
The GOP maybe would of had a chance in 2020 if they hadn't fucked themselves over with Trump. They've done great harm to their 2020 chances by backing Trump. Yet at the same time the GOP's base is not going to get any more saner. So it seems unlikely the base will fall in line and choose someone who is acceptable for the general election next time. Which means a serious contender who isn't tainted by Trump will be hard to come by in 2020 for the GOP. As far as the left primarying her in 2020? LOL, not going to happen. Granted, crazier things have happened this year alone but I just don't see it how the left or right will threaten her re-election in 2020. Of course it depends. If Trump loses by a lot, the stink of Trump will be easier to get away from but if he only loses by a little. The GOP will still be stuck with him, and 2020 will be that much harder. Sure, it could happen. 2016 has been a crazy year, who's to say 2020 wont be either but realistically I wouldn't bet against Hillary have 8 years in office at this point.
In jail for not breaking the law. Yupp. Sounds like the GOP
Because she denies knowing any better... So is that how people get out of going to jail... Saying "I didn't know... and play stupid?
Rich hearing a Trump supporter talk about someone not understanding the basics of how government functions.
And yet the only other feasible candidate is trying to become a dictator and to limit first amendment rights for the media and to push policies that disregard constitutional rights for certain Americans. But do go on about how I don't know how the government works just because of differing political beliefs. My summa cum laude degree in political science is after all, only for decoration.
Much like using a private email server with classified documents violates state department protocols, Hillary. Folks, you can buy into the Clinton narrative here, but you can not deny this: the FBI is acting independant and impartial to the Obama administration. And Im glad for that, for once. Its about time these agencies do their job, instead of being the president's puppets. But to watch Clinton basiclly tell him to stand down and leave her alone when he has a job to do..thats the real disgrace.
Ah, politifact, the beacon of nonpartisan reporting.(Not)
Oh, department protocols are suddenly important to her now?
Clinton should hold a press conference and answer any and all questions. She wont do this, of course
We should seriously move to have PolitiFact barred from this subreddit. I think they've proven time and time again to have a clear agenda towards the democratic party that misleadingly professes itself as a fair and balanced entity. It simply is NOT that.
PolitiFact is always on point. **Believe!!**
This sub really needs to give it up. It's asinine.
This is getting beyond a joke now. If Hillary was henest to begin with, none of this would be happening, blame Trump, the FBI, the media, whatever. It's ano one's fault but Hillary's. lol
So comeygate is Hillary's fault because... I mean do you know what's in the email that might be pertinent to Clinton? Because i know the entire country (including Comey who hasnt even seen the emails) at this point would like to know.
I'm not reaaly sure what you mean by Comeygate, are you refering to the immunity deals? What? Like it or not, there is absolutely no way this would not have been announced if it were not serious. Already we've sen Hillary get away with deleting emails that should have been handed over. Anyone else would be in trouble over that. Also there's the fact that emails shoud not have been circulating outside of gov. So there's that, which again would get anyone else into pretty deep trouble. Especially when classified info is passed through her private server. Oh, there's also that HUGE issue of the Clinton foundation, which I might add has been under investigation for quite some time, the case was never closed, it's ongoing. So all the foreign donations that have arrisen in the past few weeks, the pay to play and all the rest are coming to light. We're not even 2/3 into the released mails yet! still a LOT more to come. Then there's Huma, a close ally of Hillary, probably her closest ally. And she's been sharing a computer woth a man who is under investigation for child porn. So you have a three way investigation with Hillary right smack in the middle of all of it. And you blame this on Comey? Wow....just wow. If Hillary was henest to begin with, none of this would be happening, blame Trump, the FBI, the media, whatever. It's ano one's fault but Hillary's.
So... you don't know what is in those emails. OK.
What, you think I would know? do you know? I'm not really getting your point I'm sorry. You're telling me that they shouldn't be investigated due to evidence coming to light (as I layed out in my last comment)? lol, OK.
It's kind of hard to not affect an election when one of the candidates is the subject of an active, well-publicized investigation.
Except the only piece of written material that Politifact found says exactly the opposite. They ARE NOT suppose to consider the timing and not suppose to let politics affect their decision. His job was to investigate the emails and he found a whole lot more. Politifact is so biased they don't realize they gave evidence against what they implied.
ELI5 The difference between breaking a LAW and breaking protocol.
law: legal definition, potentially criminal penalties. protocol: standard practices within a department/company.
Thanks. I was wondering if Comey broke any laws. I guess violating protocols are more controversial than law breaking.
in the worst case scenario, breaking a law would get you arrested while breaking a protocol would get you fired (not that Comey is or could be fired, that would be absolutely disastrous for both Hillary and Obama)
Spicy
Which protocol is that? The one that forbids the ex-president-husband of a presidential candidate under investigation from having private conversations with the AG and lending the appearance of either blackmail or bribery? Is that the one?
Pretty simple stuff Hillary. https://i.imgur.com/ufLfjie.gif
Now they're experts on protocols At state they didn't know shit I think Huma should just have a press release and tell us what she knows
So protocols are only important if it's a Clinton not following them? She took her caning, it's time for Comey's
Protocols are different than laws That said, why would I care if Comey gets fired, all that matters now is what's in the emails. Less government employees is fantastic as far as I'm concerned. Let's see those emails now.
The real irony is that Hillary actually tried to get Nixon charged with a crime back in the day. Decades later she may actually succeed in getting a presidential candidate charged with mulitiple crimes.
Far, far more than merely protocols, he is in direct violation of the Hatch Act.
Jimmy Comey is a seriously flawed little man that was scared by his subordinates into blundering into this action. He is a boneless shitty excuse for a leader and even a human. He will be a nonexistant sidenote in the history of this country. He may even be the useless author of the rise of the horrible and needless rise of the NSA in our nation. Resign Jimmy, you worthless piece of shit.
Lol
Good.
http://i.imgur.com/fZRillg.png
Time for an FBI purge. Now
Lol
>Conservative Fox News host Jeanine Pirro, a former prosecutor and New York county court judge, said Comey’s letter "disgraces and politicizes" the bureau. >"You know I support Donald Trump and want him to win, but whether it's Hillary Clinton or anyone else, Comey's actions violate not only longstanding Justice Department policy … but the most fundamental rules of fairness and impartiality," Pirro said. Even your supporters think it's bullshit.
I gained a lot of respect for Pirro, even though I support Clinton. It's too bad there aren't more in the media that can separate their personal beliefs from reporting the news.
They know that the FBI playing politics sets a precedent that could one day be used against them
Pirro cares because [it actually happened to her](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/feds-probe-ny-atty-general-hopeful/).
Exactly. This isn't some example of journalistic integrity. Like usual, these Fox news folks need to actually live something before empathizing with others. Like Dick Cheney and Gay Marriage.
Or [Rob Portman](http://www.politico.com/story/2013/03/rob-portman-gay-marriage-stance-088903).
Lol
Did Moscow forget to set up the randomizer for comments? There's clearly a glitch causing you to repeat
Serious question time... If it is against the rules to call someone a shill, why isn't it against the rules to call someone a bot?
Three repetitive posts all with identical punctuation, it looks like a script.
From the user you accused of being a bot? Then that "bot" must have deleted a bunch of their posts because their post history doesn't look like what you described.
I said they were stuck repeating and they are
So not just that user then, since that user posts are not repetitive...
Holy shit. Order by new. Read the comments and understand why I said it seems like a bot broke
The Clinton campaign wants more information public AND calls for everything to be released. You either believe this is some Godfather crime syndicate, or simply e-mails they've already seen. Based on the initial reporting by good reporters, this might be likely nothing. Can you imagine the scandal if this sways the election? I see Snopes.com pretty much spends 24/7 debunking Clinton conspiracies now. The current hotness being shared on my FB wall is that Hillary stoled 200k worth of art and furniture (false). What the hell is going on?
Guess that's another guy that broke a law and won't go to jail.
Law isn't protocol
Then another person who won't get fired.
What happens if she decides to drop out?
The future of the US would be much better off then it is right now.
