Rep. Mia Love wants to limit congressional bills to one subject at a time
Nebraska Just Abolished Civil Forfeiture, Now Requires A Criminal Conviction To Take Property
Justice Department says it will end use of private prisons
Obama Endorses Idea of National Voting Holiday
McCain: Anyone Who Says Waterboarding Works is a Liar | "We tried Japanese generals and hung them for war crimes," said McCain. "One of the crimes was waterboarding."
DNC Email Leak Megathread
"Six justices" on the U.S. Supreme Court have been "confirmed in presidential election years since 1912."
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said Thursday his department is considering classifying electronic polling stations across the country as "critical infrastructure," entitling them to the same level of cyber-protection as the nation's power grid and financial sector.
Congress is going to try to expand the Patriot Act tonight and hopes no one will notice
Woman leading Flint lead poisoning lawsuit found shot dead in her home
President Barack Obama began an annual tradition of science fairs, arguing that if he celebrates the nations top athletes at The White House, he should do the same for the best young scientific talent.
Russ Feingold calls for making internet a utility
Tim Canova, Debbie Wasserman Schultz's Primary Opponent, is Denied Access to Voter Files
Americans' Trust in Mass Media Sinks to New Low
Confirming Big Pharma Fears, Study Suggests Medical Marijuana Laws Decrease Opioid Use. Study comes after reporting revealed fentanyl-maker pouring money into Arizona's anti-legalization effort
Marijuana legalization is leading in every state where its on the ballot this November
Bernie Sanders: Obama Administration Should Kill The AT&T-Time Warner Deal: Higher Prices & Fewer Choices
Jimmy Carter: US campaign funding is 'legal bribery'
Richard Sherman wants billionaires, not taxpayers, to pay for stadiums
Congressman plans bill to overturn CISA cyberspying legislation snuck into omnibus
Sanders calls notion he should quit Democratic race 'absurd'
Wells Fargo admits deception in $1.2 billion U.S. mortgage accord
Shoemaker New Balance is criticizing the Obama administration over the Trans-Pacific Partnership. The company is trying to make a running shoe with 100 percent American parts and feel the trade deal will doom shoes made in the U.S.
The Supreme Court has rejected an effort by Nebraska and Oklahoma to have Colorado's pot legalization declared unconstitutional
Bernie Sanders Slams Decision Not To Reclassify Marijuana: "People can argue about the pluses and minuses of marijuana, but everyone knows its not a killer drug like heroin."
Sanders Calls for Wasserman Schultz to Resign After Email Leaks
President Obama is seriously considering an executive order that would require companies doing business with the federal government to disclose their political contributions
The ACLU is about to launch a campaign urging Obama to pardon Edward Snowden.
Harvard study: Policy issues nearly absent in presidential campaign coverage
President Jimmy Carter says America, a once-free nation, is now an oligarchy, and thats not just his opinion. It is provable, and backed up by the research of top political experts and scholars.
Jeb Bush Suspends 2016 Presidential Campaign
President Barack Obama signs into law a ban on tiny plastic particles used in personal cosmetic products that scientists say are polluting U.S. lakes, rivers and the oceans.
New Mexico Passed a Law Ending Civil Forfeiture. Albuquerque Ignored It, and Now Its Getting Sued
These Louisiana politicians are demanding flood aid, but voted against Sandy relief
Phoenix mayor requests federal investigation into long voter wait times
Vermont Senate approves marijuana legalization 16-13
Jimmy Carter calls for return to publicly-financed elections
Connecticut Police Accidentally Record Themselves Conspiring to Fabricate Criminal Charges Against Protester
Senior Associate Justice Antonin Scalia found dead at West Texas ranch
Poll: 66 percent think presidential election process is broken
DNC rolls back Obama ban on contributions from federal lobbyists
The Supreme Court ruled unanimously Tuesday that a Maryland man may proceed with his lawsuit alleging that the states congressional redistricting plan was unconstitutionally gerrymandered.
TPP: "If U.S. Congress signs this agreement despite its blatant corruption, they'll be signing a death warrant for the open Internet and putting the future of free speech in peril."
Woman who filed first Flint lawsuit against government is murdered just days after suspicious death of foreman at city's water treatment plant
Sheriffs Raid to Find Blogger Who Criticized Him Was Unconstitutional, Court Rules
Senator Elizabeth Warren Requests Formal Investigation About Why The Obama Administration Did Not Prosecute Wall Street
6 Mich. employees criminally charged in Flint water crisis
"It took pressure from the White House  including a phone call with President Obama  to get her to finally see the writing on the wall. Two reliable sources say Wasserman Schultz was trying to make top aides take the fall, rather than take personal responsibility."
2,500 Native Americans Successfully Block Oil Pipeline Construction -- State of Emergency Declared
Medical marijuana is no longer banned at the federal level. The near 2,000-page federal spending bill that was passed the other day included a provision that lifts the medical marijuana ban. The war on medical marijuana is now nearly over.
Worried About Voter Turnout? Demand an Election Day Holiday: "Voters need time to vote."
Bernie Sanders is trying to single handedly kill AT&T's $85 billion purchase of Time Warner
Iowa Passes Plan to Convert to 100 Percent Renewable Energy. "We are finalizing plans to begin construction of the 1,000 wind turbines, with completion expected by the end of 2019,"
The Case For A New National Holiday: Election Day
Milwaukee Police Forcibly Arrested Two Men Last Night for Doing Nothing Wrong. They Got a Surprise When One Was A State Rep and the Other Was from the ACLU.
Hillary Clinton Gets $13 Million From Health Industry, Now Says Single-Payer Will "Never, Ever Come To Pass"
"Riot" Charges Against Amy Goodman Dismissed in Press Freedom Victory
Obama to pick Merrick Garland for Supreme Court
The alcohol industry is bankrolling ads to scare you about legal pot
Leaked documents reveal secretive influence of corporate cash on politics
Marco Rubio dropped out of the Republican presidential race on Tuesday night after losing badly to Donald Trump in his home state of Florida.
Sanders revs up public option fight after Aetna leaves ObamaCare: "In my view, the provision of healthcare cannot continue to be dependent upon the whims and market projections of large private insurance companies whose only goal is to make as much profit as possible.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz Booed at Chaotic Florida Delegation Breakfast
Dear GOP: Stop playing politics and give Merrick Garland a confirmation hearing
Boehner: Cruz is 'Lucifer in the flesh'
After Texas Slashed Its Family Planning Budget, Maternal Deaths Almost Doubled
The TSA is a waste of money that doesn't save lives and might actually cost them
Meet the House science committee chairman whos trying to put global warming research on ice - Smith has received more than $600,000 from the fossil fuel industry during his career in Congress, campaign finance data show.
New York City primary voters outraged by broken machines, closed polling places
Colorado Democrats admit mistake that cost Bernie Sanders key delegate -- Denver Post uncovers that Democratic Party told Hillary Clinton's campaign about caucus counting mistake, but kept public and Bernie Sanders camp in the dark
House panel approves Koch-backed bill to shield donors' names from the IRS
It is unacceptable that Americans pay, by far, the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs. The United States is the only major country on earth that does not in one form or another regulate prescription drug prices and the results have been an unmitigated disaster."
8 days ago, the DNC quietly reversed its ban on lobbyist and special interest PAC contributions. Sanders asked Hillary Clinton to join him in calling for the DNC to reinstate the ban, put in place by Obama in 2008. She has yet to respond.
Clinton Campaign Uses Noise Machine To Block Reporters From Hearing Fundraiser Speech
North Carolina is being sued for gerrymandering
Governor Blocks $2.85 Minimum Wage Increase After Giving Staffers $73,405 Raises
Half Of Americans Think Presidential Nominating System 'Rigged'.
Senator McConnell is right that the American people should have a voice in the selection of the next Supreme Court justice. In fact, they did  when President Obama won the 2012 election by five million votes, Ms. [Sen. Elizabeth
Gov. Scott Walker privately signed a measure Wednesday loosening the state's campaign finance laws and eliminating the state elections and ethics agency that investigated his campaign for teaming up with conservative groups.
Judge orders Obama administration to release new Clinton emails
Rand Paul Challenges Bernie Sanders To Hour-Long Debate On Socialism vs. Capitalism
Hacker releases Clinton Foundation documents
Obama administration orders ND pipeline construction to stop
Leaked DNC Documents Show Plans To Reward Big Donors With Federal Appointments
Debbie Wasserman Schultz Resignation Megathread
Sorry, Feds: Kids Can Sue Over Climate Negligence, Judge Says - An Oregon judge ruled Friday that their lawsuit, which alleges the government violated the constitutional rights of the next generation by allowing the pollution that has caused climate change, can go forward.
New York Times Editorial: Stop Treating Marijuana Like Heroin
"'When I stand across from King Hussein of Jordan, I say to him you have a friend sir who will stand with you to fight this fight,' Christie said during Tuesday's Republican primary debate. Only problem is that Hussein has been dead since 1999."
Hillary Clinton is raking in donations from Wall Street, and her attempts to downplay it are under fire.
American Legion Calls for Marijuana Rescheduling
President Obama held a conference call with 34 governors yesterday to remind them that, no, they arent allowed to restrict movement of refugees once they have been granted legal status and entered the United States.
Arizona poll worker testifies incorrect ballots given to Democratic voters
Obama Administration Set to Remove Barrier to Marijuana Research
Ted Cruz contemplates the unthinkable - Listen, Bernie talks about how Washington is corrupt, both parties are in bed with the lobbyists and special interests. I think he's exactly right.
Obama: I Plan to Fulfill My Constitutional Responsibility to Nominate a Successor
New Yorkers File Emergency Lawsuit To Give Voting Rights Back To 3.2 Million People
If Ohio Bans Gerrymandering Today, There Could be Hope for American Democracy
Obama: If we let Americans sue Saudis for 9/11, foreigners will begin suing US non-stop
Hillary Clinton faces mass dissent over 'dirty tricks' on Bernie Sanders
Sanders vows to fight until convention
Tulsi Gabbard launches petition to end Democratic Party superdelegate process
Bernie Sanders: 'Wells Fargo's business model is fraud'
Arizona Politician: Lets be clear  voter suppression happened.
No Reporters Allowed at Hillarys Wall St Speeches
"Sorry, GOP: You waited way too long to build an anti-Trump majority. Unless a miracle happens, you're about to get knocked out by an anti-establishment wave  a wave you mistakenly encouraged in the first place."
Illinois cuts off funding for its public universities
Hillary PAC Spends $1 Million to Correct Commenters on Reddit and Facebook: FEC loopholes mean Correct the Record can openly coordinate with Clintons campaign.
Bernie Sanders: Audit the Department of Defense, contractors wasting money while soldiers are on food stamps.
Sanders Introduces Bill To Lift Federal Ban On Marijuana
Sanders agrees to participate in Fox News presidential town hall without Clinton
Election Officials Tossed 90,000 Affidavit Ballots From Last Month's NY Primary
Liberal group demands DNC chairwoman resign: "As DNC chair, you have repeatedly failed to act in the best interests of progressives and the Democratic Party"
Trump says he will not debate Sanders
Colin Powell Confirms Leaked E-Mails Are 'Accurate,' Warns More Are Coming
Megathread: State Department Email Audit re: Hillary Clinton
Amy Goodman Is Facing Prison for Reporting on the Dakota Access Pipeline. That Should Scare Us All.
Native American protesters succeed in stopping construction on Dakota Access pipeline
Barack Obama: America will take the giant leap to Mars
5 Times Debbie Wasserman Schultz Violated DNC Rules and Stacked the Deck in Favor of Clinton
Wasserman Schultz booed off stage in Philadelphia
Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz just got a primary challenger. Meet Tim Canova. He gets that the economy is rigged, supports Wall St. reform, legalizing marijuana and ending the war on drugs. Debbie opposes MJ legalization while taking money from the alcohol lobby. South Florida needs a new leader!
Bernie Sanders Takes On Walmart: Its gotten to the point that the American taxpayers are paying an additional $6 billion in economic support for Walmarts employees who are in need of welfare and food stamps and other subsidies just to survive.
Scores of students without vaccine proof sent home on first day of school
DOJ grants immunity to ex-Clinton staffer who set up email server
Clinton Declines To Participate In Fox News Dem Debate
Jim Webb: The DNC Is Nothing More Than An Arm For The Clinton Campaign
28 pages on alleged Saudi Arabia ties to 9/11 attacks to be released
Wikileaks Releases Nearly 20,000 Hacked DNC Emails
Taco Trucks Are Actually Registering Citizens to Vote in Texas and Arizona
On Marijuana, Hillary Clinton Sides with Big Pharma Over Young Voters
Don't let U.S. become next Rome: Entrenched political elites will sacrifice anything to retain power, including their own country.
Obama lifts all restrictions on Cuban rum, cigars
Bernie Sanders: "I am disappointed by the president's decision to continue pushing forward on the disastrous Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement that will cost American jobs, harm the environment, increase the cost of prescription drugs and threaten our ability to protect public health."
Hawaii Is Now Home to an Ocean Reserve Twice the Size of Texas | Obama more than quadrupled Papahnaumokukeas size, to 582,578 square miles, an area larger than all the national parks combined.
New York City Passed Paid Sick Leave, and Guess What? It Didnt Kill Any Jobs.
Hundreds of New York state voters to file suit calling the closed primary 'a threat to our democratic system' after claiming their party affiliation mysteriously changed
Some of the nations leading defense companies are declaring war on an obscure Pentagon official named Shay Assad who has helped cut more than $500 million from military contracts with his aggressive scrutiny of their costs.
Petition to White House about Arizona 'voter suppression' hit goal in about 40 hours
At Maine convention, Democrats to vote on eliminating superdelegates.
Clinton call for end of private prisons sinks jail stocks
Those Demanding Free Speech Limits to Fight ISIS Pose a Greater Threat to U.S. Than ISIS
Why the Panama Papers should be a US election issue: Whether US politicians are named or not, the kind of arrangements that allow the global super-rich to hide their wealth only exist with our leaders consent
"Ted Cruz tells a sweet story about the sacrifice he and his wife made four years ago to finance his upstart campaign for the U.S. Senate. The story, as it turns out, is phony. That doesnt come as a total surprise, since it is in keeping with the sham persona of Mr. Cruzs candidacy for president"
A record-high percentage of Americans  61 percent  say they support marijuana legalization
Oregons Senator Jeff Merkley announced Friday his plan to introduce legislation that would require 100 percent of American energy to come from renewable sources by 2050
Texas women are inducing their own abortions. Researchers fear DIY pregnancy terminations will become more widespread if clinics continue shutting down.
Bernie Sanders endorses ColoradoCare universal health care measure.If that proposal can win in Colorado, I believe that idea will spread around the country.
"The next time you hear me attacked as a socialist, remember this: I dont believe government should own the means of production, but I do believe that the middle class and the working families who produce the wealth of America deserve a fair deal," [Sanders
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar: Ben Carson Is Terrible for Black Americans | when an elected leader ignores testimony from 97% of the worlds experts, renowned physicists and the CDC, we have to question his decision-making abilities.
Clinton, Sanders to meet for Brooklyn debate
Des Moines Register calls for audit of Sanders-Clinton result in Iowa...
Fiorina Drops Out Of 2016 Race
Voters call for 're-vote' during hearing into AZ's botched primary
The Arrest of Journalists and Filmmakers Covering the Dakota Pipeline Is a Threat to Democracyand the Planet
De Blasio Demands Explanation, as Decline in Registered Brooklyn Democrats Doubles
Legal US pot sales soar to $5.4B in 2015
Clooney's neighbor throwing Saturday fundraiser for Sanders: Howard Gold, whose family founded the 99 Cents Only store chain, is calling his bash the 99% Party, with tickets selling for $27 per person.
Sanders: Aetna's Obamacare Threat Shows What "Corporate Control Looks Like"
Clinton names Wasserman Schultz honorary chair of campaign team
Lynch to Remove Herself From Decision Over Clinton Emails, Official Says
Atlanta Mayors Column Ripping Sanders Drafted by Lobbyist, Emails Show
Panama Papers: Obama, Clinton Pushed Trade Deal Amid Warnings It Would Make Money Laundering, Tax Evasion Worse
Pressure grows on Hillary Clinton to release Goldman Sachs speeches
Obama formally joins US into climate pact
Big Money Fights to Block Marijuana Legalization: "Private prison companies, which have openly admitted that any changes to laws affecting drugs and controlled substances could reduce demand for prison beds and hurt their bottom line."
Clinton IT aide to plead Fifth in email case
"In 2014, for the first time in recorded history, police seized more money and property from citizens than all burglars and thieves combined"
Emails From Hillary Clintons IT Director at State Department Appear to Be Missing
Washington State Tells DEA to Shove It, Will Conduct Cannabis Research in Violation of the Law
Most voters favor cutting defense spending. Politicians say otherwise
After years of intense secrecy, the Obama administration on Monday announced that it will for the first time acknowledge the number of people it has killed in drone strikes outside of conventional war zones, including civilians.
Dems discuss dropping Wasserman Schultz
Wisconsin Is Systematically Failing to Provide the Photo IDs Required to Vote in November
Bernie Sanders accepts Fox News debate invitation
2016: The Year the Americans Found out Our Elections Are Rigged
Obama pushes for automatic voter registration
Americans dont know crime has plummeted. In fact, they think its gone up.
Rand Paul Suspends 2016 Presidential Campaign
Sanders: 5-hour voting lines a 'disgrace'. "People in the United States of America should not have to wait five hours in order to vote. We do not know how many thousands of people who wanted to vote yesterday in Arizona did not vote,"
Wells Fargo's CEO Is Actually Getting Punished, Thanks To Elizabeth Warren
Obama Moves To Protect Planned Parenthood Funding, Permanently
Ben Carson admits fabricating West Point scholarship
Bernie Sanders wants raw vote count released after tight finish in Iowa caucus
Co-founders of Ben & Jerry's arrested at Capitol
Vote your conscience: Ted Cruz fails to endorse Donald Trump
President Obama should pardon Edward Snowden before leaving office
Sanders votes against increased defense spending. "Virtually every defense contractor has been found guilty or has reached a settlement with the government because of fraudulent and illegal activities. This has got to change.
New York Suspends Clerk Who Wiped 126,000 Voters from the Books
Clinton aides to be questioned under oath on emails, judge orders
it would be quite ironic if, after years of questions surrounding Obamas U.S. citizenship, Republican primary voters were to choose the Canadian-born Cruz as their nominee." - White House press secretary Josh Earnest
FBI Releases Documents in Hillary Clinton E-Mail Investigation Megathread
Judge sides with Planned Parenthood over Mississippi abortion law
Bernie Backs Jay Z's Call to End the War on Drugs
Washingtonians Hound Superdelegate Who Supports Clinton After Constituents Favored Sanders
Since becoming president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis this year, the 42-year-old Kashkari has gone on a media blitz, visiting nine major media outlets in two days and creating a Twitter hashtag to promote his view that the biggest U.S. banks should break up.
Clinton Campaign: No More Debates Until Sanders Starts Being Nicer
Nevada Democratic Convention: The Videos You Need to See
Panama Papers Source: 'I have watched as one after another, whistleblowers and activists in the United States and Europe have had their lives destroyed ... [Edward Snowden
Bernie Sanders: "I don't think any sensible person would disagree that the invasion of Iraq led to the massive level of instability we are seeing right now. I think that was one of the worst foreign policy blunders in the modern history of the United States."
Hillary Clinton to be interviewed in FBI email investigation
Clinton promising to crack down on corporations that game the system. Only days later, Clintons campaign is launching a fundraising blitz that includes events with representatives of industries that have significant business interests before the federal government.
Tennessee kills muni-broadband expansion bill after AT&T opposition: Lawmakers caved to lobbyists, disappointed rep says.
First Deposition Testimony from Clinton Email Discovery Released
Trump Rally Postponed in Chicago as Large Crowds of Protesters Gather
Hillary Clinton's Lead Over Sanders Nearly Vanishes
Americans Distaste For Both Trump And Clinton Is Record-Breaking
Bernie Sanders Meets With Residents of Flint Before Campaign Rally in Michigan: "I really did not know how ugly, how horrible and how terrible what is going on there is. It is beyond my comprehension that in the year 2016, in the United States of America, we are poisoning our children.
Wasserman Schultz immediately joins Hillary Clinton campaign after resignation
There are strong indications of election fraud in the Democratic primaries. We might not like it, it might make us uncomfortable, but the numbers and the statistics suggest that something untoward is happening
Elizabeth Warren: A new bill would end taxpayer subsidies for CEO retirement plans and give the money to seniors.
Sanders says he's backing DNC chair's primary opponent, wouldn't reappoint her to DNC
#ChickenTrump: Twitter Pounds Candidate for Backing Down on Sanders Debate: the Republican frontrunner officially refused to debate Bernie Sanders. He did this despite having his initial demand of $10 million tripled, thanks to CEOs from two companies.
Mark Cuban offers Trump $10 million charity donation for 4 hour policy interview
New Documents Show Government Lied About Edward Snowdens Concerns Prior To Leak
Debbie Wasserman Schultz: "If it were up to me, Id exclude independents from Democratic primaries"
How Citizens United is helping Hillary Clinton win the White House: "Clintons massive campaign machine is built of the very stuff  super PACs, secret cash, unlimited contributions  she says shell attack upon winning the White House."
Clinton, under fire for oil and gas donations, once hit Obama for same reason
Bernie Sanders Plan to Deschedule Marijuana Earns Support of Former Surgeon General
Analysis: By 2025, 99.6% of Paul Ryans tax cuts would go to the richest 1% of Americans
Former Vice President Al Gore: "I Stand by the Standing Rock Tribe in their Opposition to the Dakota Access Pipeline"
Gary Johnson right that most Americans back legal marijuana
Romanian hacker Guccifer: I breached Clinton server, 'it was easy'
"58% say they'd like to see the President nominate someone to the Court rather than leave the seat vacant until a new president takes office next year"
Texas judge officiates same-sex marriage, then quits Republican Party
Clinton Claims Victory but Arizona's Voting Fiasco Dubbed "National Disgrace": Shuttered polling places, endless lines, and widespread disenfranchisementparticularly for minority communities
Hillary Clinton gets booed at Democratic debate after being confronted over Wall Street transcripts
Much Of The World Perplexed That Climate Debate Continues In U.S.
Many Voters Are Reporting Mysterious Changes to Their Registration and Party Affiliation
Bernie Sanders Opens Up 60-33 Lead Against Hillary Clinton In New Hampshire Poll
Election Board Scandal: Bernie Sanders Loses Votes, Hillary Clinton Granted Votes, Voters Erased
After pot legalization could Colorado spearhead universal healthcare?: Coloradans will vote next year on whether to become the first state to opt out of ObamaCare and set up a single-payer system similar to Medicare.
Hillary Clinton invoked 9/11 to defend her ties to Wall Street. What?
DNC caves, agrees to sanction more Democratic presidential debates
"You could say all these guys who work at Wal-Mart are on food stamps, and if they werent being paid a low wage, they wouldnt be on food stamps. So therefore implicitly we are subsidizing the hell out of Wal-Mart."
DNC Leak Shows Mechanics of a Slanted Campaign: "What's patently obvious from these emails is that there was virtually no distinction between DNC and Clinton campaign officials when it came to the handling of this media problem. They were all on the same team..."
Liberal pundits blame Debbie Wasserman Schultz, not Bernie Sanders, for Democrats division
It's official: Medical marijuana now legal in Pennsylvania
Hillary Clinton Laughs When Asked if She Will Release Transcripts of Her Goldman Sachs Speeches
Bernie Sanders' campaign has officially served the Democratic National Committee (DNC) with its lawsuit over access to party voter files, it said Thursday in a court filing.
Hillary Clinton in 2008: Since When Do Other Democrats Attack Each Other on Universal Healthcare?
All conditions have been met for Hillary Clinton to release her Wall Street speeches
"Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) made the fewest floor speeches and had the worst vote attendance record of any senator running for president"
Facebook admits to blocking Wikileaks links in DNC email hack
GOP eases lead paint laws after $750,000 in donations
Hillary Clinton Faces Growing Political Backlash by Refusing to Release Wall Street Speech Transcipts, Even Her Own Party Now Turning On Her
Bernie Sanders Calls Wal-Mart Walton Family Wealth Unacceptable: I say to the Walton family, get off of welfare. Pay your workers a living wage
Snowden Slams US for Ignoring Hillary Clinton's Email Controversy
The Democratic Party endorsed a "reasoned pathway to future legalization" of marijuana and called for the drug to be downgraded in the Controlled Substances Act, in a tense and unexpected victory for supporters of Bernie Sanders.
Biden hits back at Clinton's criticism of Sanders
Rep. Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii nominates Bernie Sanders at the Democratic National Convention
"The U.S. Constitution doesnt enshrine two parties. We demand fair and open elections in a multi-party democracy. "
Hillary Clinton endorsed by U.S.'s largest LGBT organization- Bernie Sanders campaign notes that Clinton once supported anti-gay marriage bill
Government declares 22 Clinton emails 'top secret'
Obama: Clinton showed "carelessness" with emails
It's Time for Washington to Get Out of Bed With the Wahhabists Saudis
California Drug Price Measure Fiercely Opposed By Pharmaceutical Industry: "Drugmakers are waging a fierce campaign against a proposed California law that would require them to justify the costs of their treatments and disclose major price hikes."
New Yorks transit workers union endorses Bernie Sanders
Sanders Wins in West Virginia Democratic Primary
The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration will reclassify marijuana as a "Schedule Two" drug on August 1, 2016, essentially legalizing medicinal cannabis in all 50 states with a doctor's prescription, said a DEA lawyer with knowledge of the matter.
Bernie Sanders Calls for "Automatic" Federal Investigations of Deaths in Police Custody
"Single payer works because you save $400 billion a year in administrative costs, and you can take that money and improve care for everyone. And thats what we need."
Hillary Clinton rakes in Verizon cash while Bernie Sanders supports companys striking workers
New York Had the Second Lowest Voter Turnout So Far This Election Season: When you are only beating Louisiana, something is very wrong.
Bernie Sanders Team Just Accused Hillary Clinton of Violating Campaign Finance Rules
Tim Canova raises $557,000 in first quarter in race against Debbie Wasserman Schultz
Stop watching the news. Or at least try to understand that there's a massive bureaucracy whose entire purpose is to exaggerate threats and keep us afraid, just as there's one designed to get us to empty our bank accounts at Christmastime.
Pro-Clinton PAC unleashes a ridiculous $1 million plan to correct Reddit
Sanders releases 1990s picture of Clinton praising him on healthcare
Bernie Sanders is reduced to tears as his brother Larry votes for him at delegate roll call
Elizabeth Warren: American Justice Is 'Rigged' In Favor Of The Rich
Report: Christie Impeachment on the Table
Sanders Applauds Decision to End Federal Use of Private Prisons
Sanders Accuses Clinton of Parroting His Message to Win Votes: 'The people of the US need to know the difference between hastily adopted campaign rhetoric and the real record of the candidates'
Hillary Clinton ducking final debate with Bernie Sanders in California
Bruce Springsteen just cancelled a concert in North Carolina because of its anti-LGBT law
Hillary Clinton campaign wants debate moderator to correct any lies
Bernie Sanders calls for constitutional amendment to guarantee 100% voter registration
Christie On Legal Pot: "Get High Now, Because When I'm President, It's Over, Buddy"
Rand Paul rips Chris Christie: 'If you're in favor of World War III, you have your candidate'
Hillary Clinton yet to hold single press conference in 2016
Donald Trump: Ban all Muslim travel to U.S.
Even ExxonMobil says climate change is real. So why won't the GOP?
Republican HQ in Orange County firebombed
Sanders: Too many Americans have seen their lives destroyed because they have criminal records as a result of marijuana use. Thats wrong. That has got to change.
Nevada elections chief refuses to accommodate Native Americans who have to drive 200 miles to vote
Washington Post Ran 16 Negative Stories on Bernie Sanders in 16 Hours
Pressure growing on FBI to release Clinton findings
Bernie Vatican Transcript: "The wealthiest 60 people60 peopleown more than the bottom half  3 1/2 billion people [...
Hillary Clinton Booed at Town Hall for Criticizing Bernie Sanders
Money influences everybody. That includes Hillary Clinton -- Democrats were quick to criticize Republicans who flirted with banks and big oil. Why wont they admit that Hillarys links are a problem too?
Clinton Flip-Flops on Coal, Now Wants Coal to Prosper
Bernie Sanders Calls Drug Addiction a Disease Not a Crime
Mr. President, we need a new DNC chair
Bernie Sanders now leads Hillary Clinton by 14 points in New Hampshire
Bernie Sanders Wins Missouri After All
Clinton-DNC Joint Fundraising Raises Serious Campaign Finance Concerns
Bernie Sanders Is Crushing It, Raising Millions to Flip the Senate and Promising to Oppose Clinton if Necessary
Trump Booed for stating there were no weapons of mass destruction found in Iraq.
Poll: Hillary Clinton Plummets in Crucial Pennsylvania Primary, Lead Falls from 22 to 6
Postal Workers Union Endorses Bernie Sanders, in Boost to Underdog
Bill Clinton says he would give Bernie Sanders his superdelegate vote if the Vermont senator takes the lead
Hillary Clinton Wants to Regulate Fracking, But Still Accepts a Lot of Fracking Money
Thousands Call on DNC to Oust 'Corporatist Tool' Wasserman Schultz
Why aren't we looking into the Saudi role in San Bernardino attack?
7 Out of 10 Americans Agree That Economy is Rigged Against Them
Sanders extends win streak with Wyoming victory
Hillary Clinton has accepted campaign contributions from two major prison lobbyists, Wall Street, and the oil and gas industry, yet promises progressive stances against all these interests.
CIA head suggests hell quit if demanded to return to waterboarding
Senators Blame Obama For Not Helping Them Understand Their Own Bill
Clinton Rejects Debate Challenge After Huge Sanders Wins in US West
Clinton campaign chief linked to Russian bank listed in Panama Papers
Arizona joins four other states voting on recreational marijuana
If Hillary Clinton Gets a Pass on Espionage From President Obama, So Should Whistleblowers
More Republicans Lawmakers Have Been Arrested For Bathroom Misconduct Than Trans People
Sanders Accepts Invitation to visit Vatican City on April 15
Sanders closes to within 7 points of Clinton in national poll
Planned Parenthood has been absolved. The GOP should give up its crusade. "In their evidence-free crusade, they have put vital health services at risk and wasted millions of taxpayer dollars."
The U.S. has worst elections of any long-established democracy, report finds
59 percent of Americans are sick and tired of the election
"Two-thirds of Americans want U.S. to join climate change pact"
Clinton and Obama are wrong about Snowden  he was ignored after sounding alarm directly to the NSA -- Internal NSA docs show the whistleblower tried to work within the system, but had no choice but to leak to journos
Deeply troubled: New Yorks top lawyer investigates voting irregularities in primary
Politifact: Fact-checking Hillary Clinton's claim that her email practices were 'allowed' - False
Giuliani Claims There Were No Terror Attacks On US Soil Before Obama (Video)
Bernie Sanders' anti-superdelegate push gains steam in Senate. A growing number of senators back changes to a system critics say gives party bosses undue sway to decide the nominee
In a statement, Hillary Clinton noted the family had given $15 million to charity since 2007. The tax returns show $14.8 million of that went to the Clinton Family Foundation.
Clinton Must Release Her Wall Street Transcripts Now That the Prerequisite She Set Has Been Met
Black Lives Matter protest in Wichita changed to cookout with police
Atheist Group Calls For DNC CFO To Resign Over Proposed Attack On Bernie Sanders' Faith
We Already Had an Election to Decide Who Gets to Appoint the Next Supreme Court Justice: It was in 2012.
DNC sought to hide details of Clinton funding deal
Clinton Foundation Discloses $40 Million in Wall Street Donations
Rubio: No abortions for Zika-infected women
What American history is about is that change never happens from the top down, but from the bottom up, [Bernie Sanders
Bernie Sanders Doubles Down on Critique of Hillary Clinton's Speaking Fees: Well, I think it is a fact. A fact. Anyone disagree with me? She has received $600,000 in one year as speaking fees from Goldman Sachs."
FBI criminal investigation emails: Clinton approved CIA drone assassinations with her cellphone, report says
"Hillary Clinton was supposed to have turned over all work-related emails to the State Department to be released to the public. But an agency audit found at least three emails never seen before"
Sanders Did Even Better in Colorado Than Reported, But No One Told Him
The chancellor for the pontifical academy, Bishop Marcelo Sanchez Sorondo, said he invited Sanders because he was the only U.S. presidential candidate who showed deep interest in the teachings of Francis.
Early Voter Turnout Shatters Primary Election Records in Chicago
Clinton scheduled to meet with FBI Saturday.
Law makes clear DOJ should prosecute Clinton for mishandling 'national defense information,' classified or not.
Obama's Endorsement Of Debbie Wasserman Schultz Brings In Serious Money... For Her Challenger
Release of Clintons Wall Street Speeches Could End Her Candidacy for President
Edward Snowden: Clinton's Call for a 'Manhattan-Like Project' Is Terrifying
Bernie Sanders taps his donor network to raise nearly $2 million in two days for House, Senate contenders
Bernie Sanders rallies 27,000 in Manhattan
Elizabeth Warren Urges CDC To Look At Pot As Potential Fix To Prescription Painkiller Epidemic
Wisconsin's largest paper blasts Clinton on transparency
NY Election Boards Inundated With Calls From Voters "Pissed Off" About Registration Issues
Sanders calls for more debates  on his own terms: They want one each in March, April and May. All three must not be scheduled on a Friday, Saturday or holiday, and all three must include Martin OMalley as well as Sanders and Clinton.
54,000 Brooklyn voters vanish ahead of primary day
Nevada Dem convention devolves into chaos
Sanders joins protesters against ND pipeline project
First Wisconsin super delegate sides with Bernie Sanders
Top Democrat suspended for mysterious voter purge
Trump: 'How can Ted Cruz be an evangelical Christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest?'
Whats Hillary waiting for? 80 days after promising I will look into it, Clinton still has not released her paid speeches to Wall Street
Hillary Clinton angers Iowa fans who waited hours for five-minute speech
Sanders: "If we dont win, we intend to win every delegate we can so that when we go to Philadelphia, we will have the votes to put together the strongest progressive agenda that any party has ever seen"
Clinton super PAC offered Vermont newspaper 'off the record' anti-Sanders 'tips': Report
 Mondays demonstration was one of the largest acts of civil disobedience to occur inside Washingtonand it barely got any attention from the mainstream press.
Bernie Sanders is right: Drug companies did help cause the opioid epidemic
Bernie Sanders Refuses to Concede Nomination to Hillary Clinton
Thousands turn out for Clark County Democratic Convention -- Sanders gets more delegates than Clinton
Christie should be impeached if he lied about Bridgegate
Hillary Clinton's absurd claim that she's the only candidate being attacked by Wall Street
Most Americans say that a Trump presidency is terrifying: "Almost two-thirds of Americans say the prospect of him occupying the White House scares them."
Sanders Campaign Endorsed by MoveOn.org
"Secretary Clinton is looting funds meant for the state parties to skirt fundraising limits on her presidential campaign"
Bernie Sanders Turnout: Young Voters Say They Back Sanders But Don't Show Up To Vote For Him
FBI director James Comey to answer questions from Congress on Thursday over Hillary Clinton email investigation
19-year-old charged, allegedly trying to assassinate Donald Trump
Bernie Sanders: Marijuana use should not be a federal crime
Bernie Sanderss health-care plan is the biggest attack on the rich of this campaign "We now know it would. We also know that, by Sanders' accounting, the plan would actually put more money into the pockets of all but the very richest Americans."
Donald Trump: I meant that Obama founded ISIS, literally
Later, Sanders explained, "Not having enough money was a cause of constant tension, and when you are five or six years of age and your parents are yelling at each other, it's, you know -- you think back on it now, you know -- it's traumatic and it's hard."
Clinton's dismal approval ratings prompt Dem fears
Hillary Clintons claim that the highest per capita number of crime guns in New York come from Vermont: Three Pinocchios
Leaked Emails Show DNC Officials Constructing Anti-Bernie Narrative: "Wondering if theres a good Bernie narrative for a story, which is that Bernie never ever had his act together, that his campaign was a mess.
Hillary Clinton Doubles Down on Email Scandal, Saying 'It Was Allowed'
Trump: I could shoot people in streets and not lose support
Hillary Clinton Posted Names of Hidden Intelligence Officials On Her Email
Judge Orders Faster Release of Final Hillary Clinton Emails
Sanders: U.S. multinationals would owe $620 billion on overseas profits - Mostly True
Bernie Sanders Warned Congress About Panama's Tax Havens In 2011
Hillary's Superdelegate Coup Just Confirms to Millennials: The System Is Rigged
Bill Clinton's Labor Secretary Just Endorsed Bernie Sanders
"Sanders, who was little-known when he began his unlikely bid for president in April, has become a hero on the Democratic left among progressives disillusioned by growing income inequality and money in politics."
National poll: Sanders tied with Clinton, Trump up 8 points
Bernie Sanders is the most popular politician in America
Hillary Clinton has pneumonia, doctor says
Megathread - Ted Cruz Suspends Presidential Campaign
Julian Assange: "Hillary is incorporating Debbie into her campaign. She is going to be pushing for her re-election to the Congress. That is a very interesting signalling by Hillary Clinton. That if you act in a corrupt way that benefits Hillary Clinton, you will be taken care of." [5:53
Amid Hawaii delays, the Internet turned to a Google doc for caucus results, 'the mainstream media was nearly silent on his victory, voters took the electoral process into their own hands.'
Hillary Clinton Forgot That She Supported a Coup in Honduras
Sam Brownback gutted Kansas: How Americas worst governor and an ultra-conservative ideology wrecked an entire state
Bernie Sanders wins Michigan in stunning upset
This is what the revolution looks like: Former Sanders staffers are launching a new PAC aimed at midterm Congressional elections
Ex-Aide to Hillary Clinton Testifies About Email Server: A former aide to Hillary Clinton, Lewis A. Lukens, when she was secretary of state testified behind closed doors for two hours Wednesday in the first in a series of depositions.
Hillary Clintons Wal-Mart ties breed mistrust among liberals, boost Bernie Sanders-"Alice Walton, the daughter of Sam Walton, the founder of the chain of big box stores, gave Mrs. Clintons Democratic National Committee Victory Fund $353,000 in December, a contribution just made public last month."
Bernie Sanders' campaign threatens to sue DNC
Wall Street Whistleblower Turns His Scrutiny on the Clinton Foundation - This is a charity fraud
Hillary Clinton wrongly says Bernie Sanders wants to delay the Clean Power Plan. We rate Clintons claim False.
Bernie Sanders Received More Individual Campaign Contributions Than Obamas Entire 2008 Campaign
"A large, impassioned crowd of Bernie Sanders supporters  chanting Hell, no, D.N.C., we wont vote for Hillary  marched on Sunday afternoon to the site of the Democratic National Convention, promising a week in which the partys divisions will be on vivid display in the streets."
'Edward Snowden did this country a great service. Let him come home'
"As I mentioned to you earlier, my father was born in Poland. Like Obama, I am the son of an immigrant father. Nobody has ever asked me for my birth certificate. Maybe it's because of the color of my skin being different than Obama's," Sanders, I-Vt., said.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz could be out as DNC chair before the convention
Libertarian Candidate Gary Johnson Reaches 12% In Polling. At 15% He will Be Able to Participate In the Presidential Debates.
Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont vowed on Monday night that no matter the outcome of the Super Tuesday races, his campaign would continue to rally voters against a political establishment that is largely backing his rival, Hillary Clinton.
All they want to do is screw over the president: Ryan, McConnell confirm they have no real agenda in 16 besides blocking Obama
Trump calls for drug test before debate
Sanders beats Clinton in Wisconsin
"The Clintons most recent financial-disclosure forms show that he earned nearly $2.7 million in fees for speaking to audiences that included financial-industry firms, after she announced her candidacy."
Its official: The Bush tax plan loses trillions and worsens inequality
Donald Trump backs out of debate with Bernie Sanders
Hillary Clinton Made More in 12 Speeches to Big Banks Than Most of Us Earn in a Lifetime
A 90-Year-Old Woman Whos Voted Since 1948 Was Disenfranchised by Wisconsins Voter-ID Law
Hillary Clinton says her campaign 'depends on small donations for the majority of our support'
Bernie Sanders: "I am delighted that the new president of the Minneapolis Federal Reserve believes that we need to break up 'too big to fail' banks."
People Hate Rahm Emanuel So Much It Might Cost Hillary Clinton Illinois
US has spent nearly $5 trillion on wars since 9/11
Hillary Clinton aide moves to block release of deposition video
Hillary "laughs off" everything she doesn't want to talk about
NYTimes Public Editor on Sanders Story: Yeah, We Screwed Up
Obama calls for an end to gerrymandering in the State of the Union
Bernie Sanders forced to sue Ohio after rule change bars 17-year-olds from voting in primary -- Ohio's Republican secretary of state quietly changed the rules to block young voters from Tuesday's election
Obama warns: Discrimination against Muslims helps ISIS
Before Her Assassination, Berta Cceres Singled Out Hillary Clinton for Backing Honduran Coup
A super-PAC backing Hillary Clinton has accepted $200,000 in donations from a company holding multiple contracts with the federal government  despite a ban on such contributions
Ben Carson doesn't understand how the debt ceiling, the budget, or interest rates work
Bernie gets green light to appear on D.C. ballot
Media Silent as Stunning New Poll Shows Bernie Sanders Surging in Crucial Primary States
Obama not ready to endorse Clinton 'at this point:' White House
Hillary Clintons Energy Initiative Pressed Countries to Embrace Fracking, New Emails Reveal
Let's drug-test the rich before approving tax deductions, US congresswoman says
Your Taxes Are Being Spent on Preventing Other Citizens from Voting
Sanders campaign slams blackout by corporate media
Pennsylvania Democrat Calls for Debbie Wasserman Schultz to Resign from DNC
Trump campaign denies plagiarism in Melania's speech, blames reaction on Clinton
Sanders Introduces Major Clean Energy Jobs Package: It is time for us to invest in technologies that are cutting greenhouse gas emissions and in the long run will be more cost-effective, Sanders said.
Democratic National Committee Breached by Russian Hackers
Ted Cruzs claim that sexual assaults rate went up significantly after Australian gun control laws: Four Pinocchios
Pro-Clinton PAC unleashes a ridiculous $1 million plan to correct Reddit
Clintons Lead Has Evaporated in Nevada and Her Supporters Are Panicking
Texan who says Obama was a gay prostitute holds commanding lead in Board of Education vote
The Armed Oregon Ranchers Who Want Free Land Are Already Getting A 93 Percent Discount
Shoe Company New Balance Says US Gov't Basically Offered It a Bribe to Support TPP
Marijuana Legalization in Colorado Is Killing Mexican Drug Cartels
While America is distracted by the Trump freakshow, Indiana just passed one of the most restrictive abortion bills in the nation. Governor Mike Pence is expected to sign a bill into law that would end nearly all abortions in his state.
Sanders wins Oregon
Fentanyl Maker Donates Big to Campaign Opposing Pot Legalization
It sure looks like Aetna quit Obamacare because Obama opposed their merger
Rubio Rejects Plea From Republican Mayor Of Miami To Accept Scientific Consensus On Climate Change
Mitt Romney: Republicans Are Nuts Not to Raise the Minimum Wage
Hillary Angrily Denies Sanders Claim She Takes Money from Big Oil, After Taking Money from Big Oil
Colorado Juries Keep Letting People Go for Driving on Weed, Prosecutors and Cops are Furious
Bernie Sanders, Loud and Clear: "...[H
Bernie Sanders: "We don't need more Wall Street CEOs in any administration"
Hillary Clinton's wealthy donors revealed in Panama Papers
"Hillary Clinton: I feel sorry sometimes for the young people who, you know, believe this. They don't do their own research."
Bernie Sanders Gets Group Endorsements When Members Decide; Hillary Clinton When Leaders Decide
"Sanders can make a credible case that he can fund his $1 trillion infrastructure program over a 10 year period by taxing the profits of U.S. corporations now held in low-tax tax havens  and that such a spending plan could result in 13 million jobs."
I will not nominate any man or woman to the Supreme Court unless that individual is loud and clear in saying he or she will vote to overturn Citizens United and do that as quickly as possible - Bernie Sanders
Vermont governor wants legislation to legalize marijuana
Clinton not only rubber-stamped major weapon deals with 20 countries that donated to her and her husband's philanthropic arm, the Clinton Foundation, but also approved nearly double the amount of arms sales to those same 20 countries as the State Department of George W. Bush
At 3% in the polls, Jeb Bush in free-fall
Flint mayor diverted water-crisis money to political PAC, suit says
Sanders blasts Trump: 'What are you afraid of?'
Even when 91% of Americans believe the influence of money in politics should be reduced, the two major parties are doing everything they can to stifle candidates who promise to do something about it.
Bernie Sanders Polls: After trailing Hillary Clinton by 30 points in Illinois, Sanders now leads just two days before voting.
Sanders Supporters Protest at Nevada Democratic Convention: This is Fixed
What the hell just happened in Nevada? Sanders supporters are fed up  and rightfully so -- Allocations rules were abruptly changed and Clinton was awarded 7 of the 12 delegates Sanders was hoping to secure
Leonardo DiCaprio attacks Republican presidential candidates on climate change | We should not have a candidate who doesnt believe in modern science to be leading our country, he said.
There is no way Secretary Clinton and her staff have not violated classified information laws  both misdemeanors and felonies, said Joseph E. diGenova, former U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia. The FBI is conducting a serious, criminal investigation. This is not a security review.
Wonder why so many in Congress have refused to endorse Bernie? Follow the money. Between 2008-2012, United Healthcare, Cigna and Aetna have donated to nearly all Democrats running for Congress. Guess what single payer, Bernie's plan, does? It largely gets rid of private healthcare premiums.
Bill OReilly will flee to Ireland if Sanders is elected. Hes in for a shock
Elizabeth Warren Challenges Clinton, Sanders to Prosecute Corporate Crime Better Than Obama
Bernie Sanders tells supporters he sees a winning streak coming "In a fundraising solicitation, the senator from Vermont wrote that Clinton had reached her 'high-water mark' in the campaign. 'Starting today, the map now shifts dramatically in our favor,' Sanders said."
House Democrats mistakenly release transcript confirming big payout to Clinton friend Sidney Blumenthal
Hillary Clinton Has a Lot to Say About Her Emails. Much of It Isnt True
"When politicians start telling you that it is "unrealistic" to support candidates who want to build a movement for greater equality, fair wages, universal health care and an end to corporate control of our political system, it's probably best to leave the room."
Allegations of voter fraud follow Hillary Clinton campaign across nation
Biden praises Sanders on income inequality, calls Clinton 'relatively new' to the fight
Obama Expresses Support For Making Election Day A National Holiday - Currently, there is at least one bill in the U.S. Senate to make Election Day a legal public holiday. The Democracy Day Act of 2015 was proposed by Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT)
Goldman Sachs is a top donor to Hillary, Jeb, and Rubio
I often had to skip meals: Senate Dining Room Workers Want a Union, Say Theyre Living in Poverty
Wikileaks drops latest Guccifer 2.0 data on Hillary Clinton, DNC, Democrats
Clintons took payments from Trans-Pacific Partnership backers last year - "Hillary Clinton once called the Trans-Pacific Partnership the "gold standard" of free trade and previously indicated she would support the deal before she became a presidential candidate."
Paul Ryan: If Republicans Lose the Senate, Bernie Sanders Wins
Red Hot Chili Peppers to headline Bernie Sanders fundraiser in LA
Hillary Says Its OK That She Takes Wall Street Money Because of Women and 9/11
Cruz: GOP may block Supreme Court nominees indefinitely
Florida Governor Signs Bill Requiring Actual Criminal Charges Before Seizing Property
Barack Obama lands in Cuba as first president to visit in 88 years
New batch of Clinton emails released, 81 now marked 'classified'
House panel looking into Reddit post about Clinton's email server
King: Superdelegates are ripping off voters, placing Clinton ahead of Sanders in states where he actually won more votes
Clinton Is Under Mounting Pressure to Release Her Wall Street Speeches : Public interest in these speeches is legitimate, and it is the public  not the candidate  who decides how much disclosure is enough,
Hillary Clinton Emails: Secret Negotiations With New York Times, Trade Bill Lobbying Revealed In Latest State Department Release
Scott Walker Is Dismantling an Oversight Committee That Investigated Him
Sanders: I would vote to legalize marijuana in California
Bernie Sanders' stunning popularity is 'almost unheard of': 91% of those voters held a favorable opinion of him, compared with the 65% who held a favorable view of Clinton.
Senator who waited 5 hours to vote wants Legislature to address problems
When you pay for federally funded research, you should be allowed to read it. Thats the simple premise of the Fair Access to Science and Technology Research Act (S.779, H.R.1477), which was just passed out of a major Senate committee.
Thank you for serving me when I didnt vote for you: A Republican writes the president after Obamacare saved his life
Clinton has been caught lying for a year in email scandal
Bernie Sanders has the correct diagnosis: U.S. prescription drug prices typically highest in world
Oil Companies Donated To Clinton Foundation While Lobbying State Department
Clinton's Image at Lowest Point in Two Decades
"These American millennials dont just dislike Washington politics they see it as corrupt and broken. Unfortunately, Hillary Clinton symbolises everything that represents, from her $225,000 speaking engagements to the email scandal and FBI investigation threatening to derail her campaign."
Clinton's Internet Supporters, Allegedly Using Pornography, Shut Down Bernie Sanders' Largest Facebook Groups in Coordinated Attack
Sanders to Release Tax Returns, Clinton Won't Commit to Releasing Paid Speeches
Poll: Voters Increasingly See Sanders As Electable
Bernie Sanders Wins Hawaii Democratic Caucus
Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard resigns from DNC, endorses Bernie Sanders
California Bill Would Make It a Felony for Prosecutors to Withhold Evidence
Clinton Insists Shes Not Beholden to Wall Street While Raking in $21.4 Million
Melania Trump speech plagiarized paragraph from Michelle Obamas 2008 DNC speech
"After spending 5 hours with someone who has spent the last 50 years radically fighting for your rights and mine, I can tell you that I am very proud tonight to announce the next President of the United States, Senator Bernie Sanders" - Killer Mike [4:58
In New York, Republicans and Democrats Join Forces to Overturn Citizens United: Seventeen states have called for a constitutional amendment to reduce the influence of money in politics. So whos next?
New Yorkers unleash rage over alleged primary voter fraud
Mitch McConnell Voted To Confirm A Supreme Court Justice In Reagan's Final Year. So did every single Republican senator.
Hillary Clinton Still Cant Shake Her Wall Street9/11 Debate Comment
Fox News' Anti-Bernie Sanders Segment Goes Horribly Wrong
Clinton Healthcare Hit Backfires as Evidence Shows Sanders 'Literally' Right Behind Her
As his wife is under federal investigation for her use of a private email server, former President Bill Clinton met privately with U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch at the Phoenix Airport Monday evening in what both sides say was an unplanned encounter
Clinton cancels Thursday campaign event in N.J.
If you have any doubt that Debbie Wasserman Schultz is the worst leader that the Democratic Party has had in modern history, just look at the corporations that shes allowing to call the shots for this years conventions.
Hillary Clinton told a crowd, If we broke up the big banks tomorrow, would that end racism? Would that end sexism?
Clintons private e-mail was blocked by spam filtersso State IT turned them off
A lone hacker calling him or herself Guccifer 2.0 has claimed responsibility for hacking the Democratic National Convention and says claims the Russian government perpetrated the attack are false. The hacker also says the DNC lied aboutor didnt know the extent ofwhat was stolen.
'The Walking Dead' Will Walk Out Of Georgia If Anti-LGBT Law Passes - Some of the strongest language came from The Weinstein Company on Thursday; the company threatened to move a Lee Daniels film on Richard Pryor, currently slated to shoot in Georgia, outside of the state.
Clinton not simply disagreeing with Sanders on his Medicare For All, single payer health insurance plan, but knowingly distorting it. This was not Hillary Clinton offering a more moderate version of a solution, this was Hillary Clinton acting as part of the problem.
Hillary Clinton Loses Patience with Greenpeace Activist Over Fossil Fuel Donations
Michigan Prosecutors Pressured Lab to Falsify Medical Marijuana Results
Cruz: "I am not in the habit of supporting people who attack my wife and attack my father"
Joe Biden praises Bernie Sanders for 'Thinking Big'
Elizabeth Warren Rips Into Republicans For Pledging To Block Supreme Court Process - I cant find a clause in the Constitution that says except when theres a year left in the term of a Democratic President,' she said in a Twitter post.
Idiot Wasserman Schultz Says Legal Pot is to Blame For Heroin Epidemic
Nebraska Democrats vote to abolish superdelegates
Dem Senator Breaks From The Pack To Endorse Bernie Sanders
GOP Senator: I'd Vote For Bernie Sanders Over Ted Cruz
"Does it scare you that Ted Cruz wants to impose his Christian sharia onto the general citizenry of the United States? It should."
We should remember that the key drivers of growth are science, education and innovation, not low taxes, lax regulations or greater exploitation of natural resources.
Bill Clinton just made a lot of trouble for Loretta Lynch: Republicans now calling on attorney general to step down after meeting on private jet
Bernie Sanders wins Maine Democratic caucuses
Californians Call for a Grand Jury Investigation of the Primary
Sanders awarded 49 more Washington state delegates
A City Clerk Opposed an Early-Voting Site at UWGreen Bay Because Students Lean More Toward the Democrats
Clinton camp fears more leaks are coming
"If Clinton wants to become the president of the United States, she needs to explain how she could make such a reckless decision."
Sanders: Trump's taxes prove system rigged
"In proposing to deport 11 million undocumented immigrants and their U.S. citizen children, in suggesting that the government monitor mosques, he has positioned the Republican Party much closer to fascism than to the libertarianism toward which some mistakenly believed the GOP was headed."
NYC Wall Street Protest Planned to Call on Hillary Clinton to Release Transcripts of Goldman Sachs Speeches
Sanders: We are not going to defeat Trump by throwing eggs
Release of Clinton Documents Delayed After State Department Discovers 'Thousands of Unsearched Records
Bernie Sanders fires against Clinton: "My opponent is not in Iowa tonight. She is raising money from a Philadelphia investment firm," Sanders said. "Frankly, I would rather be here with you."
Sanders camp: We're getting 'zero' pressure from Dems to drop out
Hillary Questioned Bernie's Record on Health Care and The Internet Made an Epic Correction
Bernie Sanders: police should be obliged to report all officer-involved deaths.
Superdelegate: "Hillary Clinton began lobbying us a year ago."
"The Supreme Court ruled Wednesday that it is unconstitutional to freeze financial assets unrelated to a persons crime before a trial, when the money is needed to pay for an attorney."
Bernie prepares to go into the belly of the beast: Sanders to do Fox News town hall without Clinton
The idea that Bernie Sanders has been too negative to debate Hillary Clinton is ridiculous
President Obama Considering Executive Action Forcing Companies to List Campaign Gifts
Sanders accuses DNC of tipping convention toward Clinton
Julian Assange: Google working closely with Hillary Clintons presidential campaign
Bernies most valuable lesson: The Democratic Party does not represent the values of progressive Americans
Sanders: Clinton should "keep her word" on debates
Fmr. Top DOJ Official: Clinton Likely Committed Biggest Violation of Federal Records Act in History
Sanders tired of being 'lectured' on foreign policy. "The most important foreign policy issue in the modern history of this country was the war in Iraq. I was right on that issue, Hillary Clinton was wrong."
The Panama Papers prove it: we can afford a universal basic income
Poll shows Sanders gaining on Clinton
In Texas, a man who didnt kill anybody is about to be executed for murder
Putin on DNC leak: 'Does it even matter who hacked this data?'
DNC Chair: Superdelegates Make Sure Party Leaders Dont Have to Run Against Grassroots Activists
Poll: Most Americans think attacks on abortion clinics are domestic terrorism."
Here Are Hillary Clinton's Private Email Server Misstatements
Bernie Sanders is right: The top 0.1 percent have as much as the bottom 90 percent
Some of the most conservative states rely most on federal government aid
Hillary Clinton Was Paid Nearly $1Mil For Speeches Within 30 Days Of Announcing Her Run. Her Staff Was Shopping For A Campaign Office At The Time
"In my view, you judge a country not by the number of millionaires and billionaires it produces, but by how it treats the most vulnerable people", Sanders said Sunday morning.
Hillary Fights to Keep Wall Street Speeches Secret
Oops: Clintons State Dept. opposed minimum wage hike, worked closely with huge corporations
Ben Carson did not apply and was not admitted to the U.S. Military Academy, despite writing in his book "Gifted Hands" that he had gotten a full scholarship offer from the school, his presidential campaign told ABC News.
No evidence for Hillary Clinton's claim that ISIS is using videos of Donald Trump as recruiting tool
Its Official: Thousands More Women Donating to Bernie Sanders Than Hillary Clinton
Clinton Speeches May Have Violated FEC Campaign Rules
Trump donates to Texas officials, they drop probe of Trump U
Bernie Sanders: Hillary Clinton behind the curve on raising minimum wage. If you make $225,000 in an hour, you maybe don't know what it's like to live on ten bucks an hour.
Get Walmart Off Of Welfare | Bernie Sanders
Comey: Clinton gave non-cleared people access to classified information
Sanders: 'I don't know where Mr. Trump gets his evidence.' Theres nothing more that I would enjoy than the chance to take on Donald Trump and to expose the many fabrications that he has brought forth, he said.
New email release shows Clinton chose not to use secure phone line, acknowledged Blackberry risk
US Intelligence Veterans Urge Fast Report on Hillary Clintons Emails: NSA, FBI Have Enough Evidence
Poll: Ken Bone leads Jill Stein in Florida
Bernie Sanders vows to stay in race right up to the convention
Bernie Sanders slams GOP on voting rights: 'They're political cowards!' "It has never occurred to me as a candidate to figure out a way to deny the vote to people because they might vote against me. People who do that are political cowards. They're afraid of a fair election."
CNN severs ties with Donna Brazile
Bernie Sanders bests Hillary Clinton at Colorado Democratic convention
White House calls FBI probe into Clinton's classified emails a 'criminal investigation'  to glee of Republicans  on the same day Obama endorses her
Hacker who claims he breached Clinton server pleads guilty, strikes deal with feds
True: Ten times more 'dark money' has been spent for 2016 elections, U.S. Sen. Tammy Baldwin says
Bernie Sanders Not on DC Ballot After Democratic Party Registration Error: Sources
Bernie opposing Auto Bailout, delaying Clean Power Plan, supporting Minutemen militia, Koch brothers endorsement, Reagan HIV/AIDS "activism" and today's Sanders healthcare support in the 90s are 6 things Hillary Clinton blatantly lied about in a single freaking week.
Obama: U.S. Will Welcome Refugees As Long as Im President
Bernie Sanders: Hillary Clinton's $353,400-a-ticket fundraiser is part of a 'corrupt', 'obscene' system -- It costs eight times the average US income for a single seat on a table with Clinton and George and Amal Clooney
Americans shouldn't pay more for drugs than Canadians, says Bernie Sanders
Paul Ryan attacked Bernie Sanders. It backfired spectacularly.
Poll finds Americans don't think Clinton or Trump will be good president
Sanders Accepts Challenge to Kill TPP If Elected... Nothing from Clinton So Far
Apple's CEO On Encryption: "You Can't Have A Back Door That's Only For The Good Guys"
US Government's Own Report Shows Toxic TPP "Not Worth Passing". This report indicates the TPP will produce almost no benefits, but inflict real harm on so many workers.'
Bernie Sanders Campaign: We Don't Pay For Comments, Thank You
FBI Obtains Warrant for Newly Discovered Emails in Clinton Probe  as Reid Accuses Comey of Hatch Act Violation
The feds are making it a lot less profitable for local police to take your stuff
Thanks to Bernie Sanders, we now know how many big corporations dont pay taxes
Twitter Attacks Clintons Record With #WhichHillary
Jeb Bush says the middle class gets the biggest tax break under his plan- Mostly False
State Department Blocks Release Of Hillary Clinton-Era TPP Emails Until After The Election
Regarding her State Department email practices, "my predecessors did the same thing." [Rating: Mostly False
Racketeering Lawsuit Exposing Nationwide Vote Rigging in DNC Primaries Could Derail Clinton
If you perceive verifiable facts about your record to be attacks, you are admitting your actions are indefensible.
Clinton Foundation received subpoena from State Department investigators
Sanders mocks tough guy Trump for changing mind on debate
Hillary Clinton Laughs in Activist's Face When Asked About Fracking Money
Sanders: Clinton 'condescending' to young voters
White house to respond to petition alleging voter suppression in Arizona
The Problem With Clinton's Calls for Sanders to Adjust His Tone: This may backfire.
Bernie Sanders is the Most Popular Senator in America - A comprehensive survey of more than 75,000 voters in all 50 states
Ben Carson: I hope that we have a database on everybody
New York attorney general swamped by voter complaints
Sanders Wants High-Speed Internet for US
Colorado could ditch Obamacare for a single-payer system
New York Times busted for anti-Bernie bias: The iconic, Clinton-endorsing newspaper slyly edits article to smear Sanders
Donald Trump's first TV ad shows migrants 'at the southern border,' but they're actually in Morocco
Bernie Sanders: Senate votes are what Im paid to do - Sanders has missed 4% of votes, compared to 42% for Sen. Marco Rubio
Sanders worried Clinton won't debate. "Sen. Bernie Sanders said Sunday that he wants to have a debate with former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ahead of the April 19 New York presidential primary, but he is worried that Clinton, once the state's senator, does not."
Hillary Clintons viral nightmare: A video of her lying for 13 minutes
Bill Clinton Gave a Six-Figure Speech to a Vulture Fund Accused of Preying on Low-Income Homebuyers: Hillary recently said her husband would be "in charge of revitalizing the economy"
60,000 Fewer Democrats in Brooklyn and No Clear Reason Why
Bernie Sanders says lower turnout contributed to his Nevada loss to Hillary Clinton
Donald Trump: I'd bring back 'a hell of a lot worse than waterboarding'
US Senator Bernie Sanders did not just have a good week. He had an unprecedented, presidential-campaign-changing week.
Sanders Slashes Clinton's Lead in Ohio to Single Digits
"She's Baldly Lying": Dana Frank Responds to Hillary Clinton's Defense of Her Role in Honduras Coup
The 1% hide their money offshore  then use it to corrupt our democracy
Computer Specialist Who Deleted Clinton Emails May Have Asked Reddit for Tips
On Guns, Clinton Runs Both Left and Right, Depending on Her Audience
Clinton faces losing Iowa to Sanders thanks to young women: Polls showing that Vermont's socialist senator winning powerful support among young women voters
Debbie Wasserman Schultz is impeding democracy
Pressure grows on Paul Ryan to end 'wasteful' Planned Parenthood inquiry
Bernie Sanders pulls ahead of Hillary in West Virginia poll
Sanders is still the fulcrum of this election "You can call him whatever you want, but the fact remains that hes the only candidate who is asking the fundamental question about the American economy. Do we accept the massive split in wealth that has occurred in this country as a given, or dont we?"
Bernie Sanders Receives Endorsement from West Virginia State Democratic Party Leader
Bernie Sanders Supporters - New Development: AZ Voters, Disenfranchized Arizonians, Join the Lawsuit. The ACLU of Arizona is filing the lawsuit
Sen. Elizabeth Warren Cheers Bernie's Fight to "Hold Big Banks Accountable"
Clinton Email Scandal: Hillary Could Face A 10-Year Prison Stint If Her Server Was Hacked
Female Sanders backers slam insulting Clinton supporters who say theyre betraying their gender
U.S. elections ranked worst among Western democracies. Heres why. "The results show that the worst problem across most states involved gerrymandering of district boundaries to favor incumbents. The mean score for U.S. states was just 42 on a 100-point scale."
Report: Iowa Democratic Party Unilaterally Shifted Delegates From Bernie To Hillary
Cruz gets booed after he declines to endorse Trump during convention speech
Bernie Sanders: I do not believe in trickle-down economics
USDA: Beekeepers Lost 44% of Honey Bee Colonies Last Year | The EPA, USDA and Congress must adopt a federal, unified plan that eliminates the use of systemic pesticides to protect bees and beekeepers.
Muslim-Americans have repeatedly informed authorities of fellow Muslims they fear might be turning to extremism, law enforcement officials say, contrary to a claim by presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump this week.
Obama: Kaepernick exercising his constitutional right to make a statement
According to Hillary's 2014 Tax Return, the Clinton's Total Income was $28,336,212, which places them among the top 0.1% of Americans.
Her appeal is waning: Hillarys favorability rating hits new low among Democrats
Hillary Has Now Gone 181 Days Without Holding a Press Conference
Hillary Clinton camp now paying online trolls to attack anyone who disparages her online
It Sure Seems Like Hillary Clintons Tech Guy Asked Reddit for Email Advice
Sanders: "ISIS and terrorism are a huge national issue that we have got to address, but so is poverty, so is unemployment, so is education, so is healthcare, so is the need to protect working families. And I will continue to talk about those issues."
Clinton Losing Millennial Support Nationally and in Key States
Bernie Sanders Makes Strong Showing in New Polls
It appears that Donald Trump, a pathological liar, simply cannot control himself. He lies, lies and lies again. Today, he repeated his lie that I want to raise taxes to 90 percent. Totally untrue." - Bernie Sanders
Colin Kaepernicks Protest Has Nothing to Do With the Military: The military doesnt give us the right to protest. The Constitution does.
Hillary Clinton and Bill de Blasio make a cringeworthy colored people time joke at New York City charity event
No presidential debate in California after Clinton breaks promise
Green party's Jill Stein invites Bernie Sanders to take over ticket | US news
Hillary Clinton Is Now Tied To At Least Four Investigations By Federal Agencies
Warren Buffett to Trump: 'I have paid federal income tax every year since 1944'
Poll: Trump, Clinton score historic unfavorable ratings
Trump Tax Records Obtained by The Times Reveal He Could Have Avoided Paying Taxes for Nearly Two Decades
Bernie Sanders: Rating agencies should be nonprofit; "...[T
Report: Trump camp offered to make Kasich 'most powerful VP in history'
King: Superdelegates a corrupt tool designed to elect party establishment candidates like Hillary Clinton
Bernie Sanders is the only presidential candidate to oppose fracking.
Ted Cruz Describes Alleged Planned Parenthood Shooter As 'Transgendered Leftist Activist'
Senators Call Bernie A 'Loner' Because He Won't 'Hang Out With Lobbyists'
Bernie Sanders demands to know why leukemia drug costs $200,000 a year  leading to fall in stock price
Chris Matthews wife loses race for congressional seat
Emails Show Clinton Intervened On Behalf Of Tax Avoiding Corporate Crony
Dont be fooled by claims that TPP would create jobs: The TPP will offshore California jobs and push down our wages. Americans across the country and across party lines have had enough of these empty free-trade promises and are saying no to the TPP.
FBI's Comey: I feel 'pressure' to quickly finish Clinton email probe
Bernies entire net worth, accumulated over his 74 years of life, is less than half of what Hillary Clinton made just in her speeches to Goldman Sachs. In 2013, Bernies net worth was estimated to be $330,000  making him among the least wealthy U.S. Senators in the country.
Hillary Clinton has gotten 54 times more money from Wall Street interests than from all of Iowa. Hillary rewarded Wall Street with a $700 billion bailout, then Wall Street made her a multimillionaire."
This is why people dont trust Hillary: How a convenient reversal on gun control highlights her opportunism
Sanders sues Democratic party
"Today marks 200 days since Clinton has held a formal press conference of any sort"
The gaping hole at the heart of Hillary Clintons campaign: "the campaign has no story to tell the voters about Hillary Clinton and why she should be president."
Bernie Sanders: Heres what we want "We want an economy that is not based on uncontrollable greed, monopolistic practices and illegal behavior. We want an economy that protects the human needs and dignity of all people  children, the elderly, the sick, working people and the poor."
At CNN town hall, Clinton again refuses to release Goldman Sachs transcripts
Sanders 2014 Federal Tax Return
Emails Show Hillary Clinton Aides Celebrating F-15 Sales to Saudi Arabia: Good News
Hillary Clinton could face an FBI investigation that stretches well beyond this Novembers election, casting a shadow over the presumed Democratic candidates campaign and raising the prospect of the second impeachment hearing against a Clinton president.
Clinton declines Calif. debate
Email: Clinton abandoned secure line to use home phone
Hillary Clinton under fire for participating in racially charged joke - The joke poked fun at a negative stereotype of black Americans
DEA should stop stalling on reclassifying cannabis - "What an irony it would be if Obama, who has openly admitted to pot use in his early years...left office without having moved the nation away from the antiquated reefer-madness enforcement of past presidencies."
Sanders Accepts Clintons Challenge on Wall Street Speeches
Clinton IT specialist invokes 5th more than 125 times in deposition
Clintons State Department Stopped Haiti From Increasing Its Minimum Wage to 61 Cents
Im still cheering Bernie on, Elizabeth Warren says
Sanders: 'To hell with the fossil fuel industry
New York City Comptroller orders audit of Board of Elections over "irregularities" during today's primary
Former DNC Chairman Paul Kirk Jr. Endorses Bernie Sanders; I had the privilege of serving briefly with Bernie Sanders in the United States Senate and I quickly learned that he is who he is: a plain spoken and authentic patriot who wears his passion for a better America on his sleeve"
Trump predicts he can win 95 percent of the black vote
The more people are exposed to Bernie Sanders, the better he seems to do. In every demographic he keeps improving his popularity as time passes. His supporters have far more energy that Clinton's and he is winning younger voters overwhelmingly. He has drawn bigger crowds than Obama did in 2008.
Mike Pence Tells Wrongfully Convicted Man He Won't Act On Pardon Request
HRC Email Release Megathread
Bernie Sanders Meets Pope Francis During Visit to Vatican City
"The question is not why younger voters are embracing Sanderss populist revolution, but why the Baby Boomer generation came to believe that Bill and Hillary Clinton should become the standard-bearers for the nations liberal party."
Sanders tax returns: As boring as promised
Hillary deletes more than emails as the latest edition of her memoir removes all her cheerleading for controversial Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal
Obama calls for paid sick leave
Hillary Clintons health just became a real issue in the presidential campaign
Hillary Clinton wasn't greeting voters at a rally, town hall or diner as votes rolled in from Wisconsin. Instead, she was spending her evening with top donors in New York City. She raised at least $60,000 Tuesday night at the fundraiser.
Mike Pence Says His Role Model for Vice President is Dick Cheney
Americans Dont Miss Manufacturing  They Miss Unions
As California Admits 2 Million Ballots Remain Uncounted, Sanders Pushes for Changing Primary Process
Why Bernie Sanders deserves more attention than Hillary Clinton: "When it comes to Sanders, lots of folks throw in small amounts of cash. So when he raises $33 million in three months, it means a lot of people care."
Google finds Americans searching for a 3rd party candidate for president is surging
Bernie Sanders Rips Into Hillary Clinton Over Panama Papers: Americans Are Sick And Tired Of Establishment Politicians
Bernie Sanders wins Washington
FBI Admits Finding Additional Info On Clinton Server During E-Mail Investigation
DEA chief: Medical marijuana is "a joke." Science: No, it's not.
Weaver accused Clinton of running a smear campaign centered on "innuendo and unfair attacks." If they want to engage in that kind of a campaign, theyre going to see how a real New Yorker fights back,
Bernie Sanders is right: Bill Clintons welfare law doubled extreme poverty
Clinton remarked, "It's always a little bit challenging because, you know, if Senator Sanders doesn't agree with how you are approaching something, then you are a member of the establishment." Sanders retorted, "Yes, Secretary Clinton, you are a member of the establishment."
Under Sanders plan, the wealthiest Americans who make more than $250,000 a year would pay the same share of their income into Social Security as everyone else. Current law now caps the amount of income subject to payroll taxes at $118,500.
Yes, the United States is the only industrialized nation without paid family leave
Hillary Clinton Said Outsourcing Benefited America After She Criticized Bush Officials For Saying The Same Thing
As a Canadian living in America, mark my words - any candidate who is not in favor of a single payer health care system does not have best interests of the American people at the top of his or her list of priorities.
Hillary Clinton: Bernie Sanders 'has been largely a very reliable supporter of the NRA'
Health Care Industry Moves Swiftly to Stop Colorados Single Payer Ballot Measure
Mika: It feels like Clinton is lying straight out
Bernie Sanders is right: Saudi Arabia is more focused on the conflict in Yemen than fighting ISIS
WV Dems call for resignation of DNC chair
McConnell Blocks Health Care for 9/11 First Responders
Sorry, Hillary: You are the establishment
New York Voters Sue The State, Claiming Mass Voter Roll Purges
"Hillary Clinton's campaign on Tuesday refused to budge from its refusal to participate in future debates until Bernie Sanders pledges not to launch any attacks on the former secretary of state."
Sanders picks up another Colorado delegate as party admits error
"Bernie Sanders loves to talk about the fact that he doesnt have a super-PAC backing his campaign. But the true state of his fundraising strategy is even more astonishing than that: The Sanders campaign doesnt have a finance team."
Carson: Republicans Wouldnt Wait To Replace Scalia If We Held The White House
Die-Hard Bernie Sanders Backers See F.B.I. as Answer to Their Prayers | I dont know why shes not already being told, You cant run because youre being investigated. I dont know how thats not a thing.
Bernie Sanders Demands Apology From Hillary Clinton for Accusing Him of Lying
States opposed to Obama more dependent on federal government
Hillary is continually reinventing herself and her campaign, throwing things against the wall to see what sticks, Sanders appears to be driven by core values. Hes running because he wants to upend a broken system. Shes running because she thinks its her turn.
Sanders: I have a "good chance" to win 2016 election - "With just two weeks until voting begins in the 2016 primaries and polls showing him closing in on Hillary Clinton, Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders is feeling confident."
Bernie Sanders has now received 2 million campaign contributions, aides say
Indiana officials are trying to block almost 45,000 black citizens from voting
Bernie Sanders: 'Stay Tuned ... We Can Win This Thing'
Why Did Congo Offer Clinton $650,000 For Two Pics And A Speech?
Emails on Hillary Clinton's secret server matched top secret documents virtually word for word and included details of CIA drone strikes against Islamic radicals
Bernie Sanders Says Police, Not Colleges, Should Handle Rape
20,000 people attend Bernie Sanders rally in Oakland
Top DNC official leaves post to back Sanders
Sanders: We must rethink 'failed' war on drugs
Sanders wins Utah caucuses
Sanders: American voters should not be forced to pick between the lesser of two evils
Calling Clinton's Bluff, Sanders Reveals What His Paid Speeches Look Like: Has Bernie Sanders thrown down the gauntlet after Hillary Clinton's challenge at Thursday's Democratic town hall?
Elizabeth Warren Only Female Senator Not To Endorse Hillary Clinton
Sanders takes Colorado after young people turn out for caucuses
End the Superdelegates. End the Caucuses. For Democracys Sake.
"In November 2014, only 36 percent of eligible voters went to the pollsthe lowest share in more than 70 years."
DNC Chairs PAC Has Paid More in Salaries Than It Has Given to Democrats
Jeff Weaver: It is truly unfortunate that the largest pro-Clinton super PAC has decided to infect the democratic primary process with its haul of Wall Street cash.
Donald Trump's tweet on Tuesday dangling the idea of an independent run for president sent a clear warning to the Republican establishment: Attack at your own peril.
"At a time when Republicans tell us that we don't have enough money to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure or provide universal childcare, maybe, just maybe we should stop allowing huge corporations to pay nothing in federal income taxes,"
Black Lives Matter Activists Interrupt Hillary Clinton At Private Event In South Carolina
Hillary Clinton is lying about the criminal U.S.-backed coup in Honduras. It should be as scandalous as Libya
Be nice to Hillary Clinton online  or risk a confrontation with her super PAC
Hillary Clinton's super PAC collected more than $9.5 million in January, more than half of which came from five wealthy donors.
North Carolina governor and wife shunned by friends over anti-LGBT law
Bernie Sanders crushed Hillary Clinton by 70 points among young people in Iowa. But "The most amazing stat coming out of the Iowa Democratic caucuses is this one: Among voters between the ages of 17 and 29, Bernie Sanders won 84 percent of the vote to Hillary Clinton's 14 percent."
If Trump hadnt inherited $200 million, hed be selling watches on the streets of Manhattan, whatever demon possessed Marco Rubio claimed tonight
Texas Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick deletes "reap what you sow" tweet after mass shooting at LGBT club
This Delaware Address Is Home to 200,000 Shell CompaniesIncluding Hillary Clintons
Buffett Just Released His Own Tax Data to Hammer Trump
Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders takes 49 percent of Iowa likely Democratic Caucus participants, with 45 percent for former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton
Over $300,000 Transferred From Hillary Victory Fund to State Parties Is Unaccounted For
Bill Clinton Blames Millennials For Anger, Economy, Congress
Bernie Sanders Urges His Followers to Take Down Debbie Wasserman Schultz | "We need real change. We need U.S. senators, members of Congress, and state legislators who have the guts to take on the big-money interests whose greed is destroying the American middle class."
"Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders raised $44 million in March, surpassing his record-breaking February haul as his campaign readies for a round of expensive primary fights this month."
Repeat after me: Obama is not admitting 100,000, 200,000 or 250,000 Syrian refugees "There is no excuse for repeated, false statements that have no basis in fact  and have been proven wrong. These candidates each earn Four Pinocchios."
Bernie Sanders says Democrats should get rid of closed primaries. Is he right?
Nader: 'Bernie Sanders is more authentic than Clinton
Bernie Sanders: If my supporters 'take a hard look' at what Gary Johnson stands for, they won't vote for him
Dem debate: Sanders blasts mass incarceration, asks why millions of black Americans are in prison, but not Wall Street CEOs
McCain vows permanent gridlock on Supreme Court appointments
Secret Ledger in Ukraine Lists Cash for Donald Trumps Campaign Chief
Bernie Sanders Rips Clinton For Campaign 'Money-Laundering' Scheme
Bernie Sanders: 'Make banking boring again'
Bernie Sanders Is Exactly Right: The Media Is an Arm of the Ruling Class of This Country
Donald Trump 'uses language typical of children aged 11 and under'
Bernie Sanders better-liked, runs better against Republicans than Hillary Clinton: poll
Bank of America paid Clintons speaking fees, too  more than $1M worth
Susan Sarandon Says Bernie Sanders' Hollywood Backers Are "Afraid" to Be More Vocal
Clinton Failed to Turn Over Key Email to State Department
Independents like Bernie Sanders more than they like Hillary Clinton  a lot more
Elizabeth Warren wants Wells Fargo CEO held accountable
Warren Incensed at GOP Effort to Gut Financial Protections for Retirees:"W hy would anyone on Earth vote to overturn a rule designed to protect Americans from financial fraud?" asks Sen. Elizabeth Warren
Sanders was staging sit-ins in 1962, in 1964 Clinton was campaigning for Barry Goldwater, who opposed the Civil Rights Act
Mike Pence used campaign funds to pay his mortgage  and it cost him an election
An Associated Press review of the official calendar Hillary Clinton kept as secretary of state identified at least 75 meetings with longtime political donors, loyalists, Clinton Foundation contributors and corporate and other outside interests that were not recorded or were listed without the names
Hillary Clinton uses Sandy Hook victims as political props to shame Bernie Sanders on gun control
Trump wanted to put Bill Clintons accusers in his family box. Debate officials said no.
'Bernie or Bust' backers to flock to Philly to protest
Bernie Sanders Suddenly Looking and Sounding Like a Front-Runner
Barack Obama says climate change already damaging national parks
Bernie Sanders scares the shit out of the establishment. He is the only candidate from either party running his campaign finance in a manner that would have been legal 8 years ago prior to Citizens United, and he is still kicking ass. After yesterday, one might as well call the DNC the HNC instead.
You Knew Who Trump Was When You Endorsed Him, Republican Leaders
Jill Stein: The Democratic Party 'fakes left,' marches right
Judge orders DOJ to explain Hillary Clinton emails delay
DNC Chair Joins GOP Attack On Elizabeth Warren's Agency
Trump, Sanders explore staging unusual presidential debate - "Smart and bold move by Sanders," Democratic strategist Brad Bannon said. "The Clinton people are furious but Bernie wins points for being so aggressive.
Dem strategist: Clinton cant sidestep controversies
Poll: Bernie Sanders overtakes Hillary Clinton in Oklahoma
Black Americans for a Better Future Super PAC 100% Funded by Rich White Guys
Politico Exposes Clinton Campaign Money-Laundering Scheme: "Despite Clintons pledges to rebuild state parties, Politico found that less than 1 percent of the $61 million raised by the Victory Fund has stayed in the state parties coffers."
Hillary Clinton Emails Contained Info Above Top Secret: IG
A Billionaire, Some Millionaires, and a No-Show Senator Debate How Best to Block Wage Hikes
Sanders pushes back on Clinton's claims that his campaign is lying
Hillary Clinton Wont Say How Much Goldman Sachs CEO Invested With Her Son-in-Law
How Democrats Manipulated Nevada State Party Convention Then Blamed Sanders For Chaos
Former secretary of labor endorses Sanders
Bernie Sanders Earns Endorsement From Arizonas Most Influential Latino Rights Group, First Endorsement In Organizations History
Bernie Sanders is calling out Hillary Clinton delegates on the Democratic Party's platform-drafting committee for failing to support certain amendments regarding the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal
Im more regular than you are: Clintons had Secret Service chauffeurs for 23 years now. She hasnt driven a car this century. She prohibits traveling press from photographing her boarding chartered private jets.
Hours after being called a wacko by Donald Trump, Democratic presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders fired back at the Republican front-runner, saying he was pushing pathetic policies designed to benefit billionaires such as himself at the expense of misguided working-class voters who support him.
Sanders: Voters should take a "hard look" at Clinton emails report
Bobby Jindal Exits Presidential Race, Returns To Louisiana With 8 More Weeks As Governor; Currently, his disapproval rating has hit a historic 70 percent.
After Saying Clinton Is Owned By Wall Street, Trump Proposes A Ban On Financial Regulation
FBI director takes center stage in Clinton email case
A Black Man Brought 3 Forms of ID to the Polls in Wisconsin. He Still Couldnt Vote.
Obama warns Democrats against overconfidence about Clinton victory
People are not happy about Bill Clintons appearance at Mass. polls
Jon Stewart Devoured Hillary Clinton And The Media Ignored It
Iowa State Senator calls Trump a bigot, leaves GOP in protest
Sen. Elizabeth Warren Calls for Total Overhaul of Student Loan System - "We shouldnt be running the student loan program to create profits for private companies. We should run it for students
Sanders wins Kansas
Washington Has Been Obsessed With Punishing Secrecy Violations  until Hillary Clinton
Republican Official: Don't Raise The Minimum Wage, Because Workers Will Spend It On Heroin
Hillary Clinton Praised Corrupt Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff For Her Transparency -- In 2012, Hillary Clinton said soon-to-be-impeached Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff was the global standard for transparency.
Did Bill Clinton violate election rules by going into a polling location? Hillary Clintons campaign has been reminded not to solicit votes near polling sites after President Bill Clinton ventured into a polling location in Boston on Tuesday, the Secretary of the Commonwealth said.
Police Chief: Bernie Is the First Candidate to Ever Offer and Pay Police Overtime
Ted Cruz cited this research when he said most violent criminals are Democrats. Now the researchers say hes wrong.
Donald Trump Makes History With Zero Major Newspaper Endorsements
Top Hillary Clinton Advisors and Fundraisers Lobbied Against Obamacare
Obama to push for TPP passage despite opposition from presidential candidates
Elizabeth Warren: Anyone Who Says Change Is Just Too Hard Is in Bed With the Billionaires
Trump is wrong on the Paris climate agreement. I know because I negotiated it. - Leaders of more than 190 nations endorsed the agreement. The United States has no power to cancel it. This isnt reality TV. You cant tell sovereign leaders around the world youre fired,
Comey: FBI recommends no indictment re: Clinton emails
Fact-checking Sanders' claim that U.S. spends 3 times per capita what the U.K. spends on health care
Obama: once out of office, Im gonna stop being polite and start getting real
Will they like me? No, Sanders says of Wall Street executives in the new ad. Will they begin to play by the rules if Im president? You better believe it.
Hillary Clinton and Henry Kissinger: It's Personal. Very Personal. The Clintons and the Kissingers regularly spend holidays together at a beachfront villa.
Bernie is something new. The major media has given him ridiculously little coverage, and belittled him in most of that coverage. Yet he has surged in the polls, in volunteers, in small-donor fundraising, and in real world events.
Long lines, too few polls anger Phoenix voters
Big money fights to block marijuana legalization: "Our analysis of contribution data found that Wasserman Schultz and her leadership PAC have received $330,568 from the Beer, Wine, & Liquor industry since her first congressional election cycle in 2006"
Bernie Sanders: The Democratic primary gave me 'leverage I intend to use' to pressure Hillary Clinton
Bernie Sanders Picks Up 3 More Vermont Superdelegates
The police can't track your cellphone without a warrant, judge rules
Clinton Email Scandal: Now A Key Witness Emails Have Mysteriously Vanished | Its hard to believe that an IT staffer who set up Hillary Clintons reckless email server never sent or received a single work-related email in the four years he worked at the State Department."
The macabre truth of gun control in the US is that toddlers kill more people than terrorists do
Clinton asks where Sanders was in '90s healthcare fightturns out he was right behind her
DOJ Acknowledges Hillary Email Investigation Is 'a Law Enforcement Matter'
Bernie Sanders' plan to win New York: Get highest voter turnout in primary history
Robert Gates: I question Hillary Clinton's judgment on email server
Al Gore: 'Consider me exhibit A' for why each vote matters
President Obama Just Vetoed a Bill That Would Have Blocked Millions of Patients from Receiving Care at Planned Parenthood Health Centers
Sanders: Media tries to divide us
Obama: Congress Will Not Allow the CDC to Study Gun Violence'
DNC Chair: "make sure that party leaders and elected officials dont have to be in a position where they are running against grassroots activists" [2:05
Justice department 'uses aged computer system to frustrate Foia requests'. Lawsuit accuses DoJ of failure by design through use of decades-old system.
Vermont legislature on track to be first in U.S. to legalize marijuana.
What Clinton said in her paid speeches - Recalled one attendee: "She sounded more like a Goldman Sachs managing director."
Bernie Sanders catches Hillary Clinton in new California poll
Chris Matthews on MSNBC just now: "I think it's fair to say that Hillary Clinton is adopting a lot of Sanders' platform to get to the White House."
Until the No Fly List Is Fixed, It Shouldnt Be Used to Restrict Peoples Freedoms
Bernie to his supporters: Im not the revolutionyou are
Black Lives Matter Activist Interrupts Hillary Clinton [2/24/16
"The TSA failed to detect ninety percent of the bombs and weapons that were passed through its passenger screening system in its last test. Were the test also applied to baggage placed on planes, it is likely that their failure rate in detecting bombs specifically would be even higher."
GOP fails to block Obama's financial adviser rule requiring financial advisers to act in the best interest of their clients who are saving for retirement.
True: Mike Pence advocated for 'conversion therapy'
Clintons Email Claims Vs. State Department Inspector Generals Findings Compared: "According to the findings, she claimed approval she didnt have and declined to be interviewed for the report despite saying: 'Im more than ready to talk to anybody anytime.'"
Bernie Sanders is right: Hillary Clinton praising Henry Kissinger is outrageous
Sanders a hit with Millennial women: "Young women could make history by helping elect the first woman president, but many of them are turning to the oldest white guy in the field."
Another Major Union Just Endorsed Bernie Sanders
Most Clinton Voters Like Bernie Sanders. Most Sanders Voters Dont Like Hillary Clinton.
Half the Foreign Policy Experts Signing Clintons Anti-Sanders Letter Have Ties to Military Contractors
Sanders Calls on President to Intervene in Dakota Access Pipeline Dispute
Lost emails from Clinton server discovered
Sanders gets primetime speaking slot at Democratic National Convention
Hillary Clinton used personal AT&T email account as senator, carried practice over to State Dept.
Legal Cannabis is Literally Transforming Cities  Funding Roads, Schools, Charities and More.
Poll: Sanders holds slim lead over Clinton nationally
Bernie Sanders Supporters Protest Election Coverage At Hollywood CNN Building
Clinton IT aide pleads Fifth, skips hearing
Missouri Democrats Have Been Filibustering An Anti-Gay Bill For 22 Hours and Counting
Land of the free? New reports shows the US ranks dead last in electoral integrity | "As if further proof could possibly be needed of the sorry state of the American electoral process, a new study just ranked the United States dead last in electoral integrity among established Western democracies."
DiCaprio: Climate change deniers shouldn't hold public office
Bernie Sanders says he's 'one of the poorer members of the United States Senate'
Voter Suppression Is a Much Bigger Problem Than Voter Fraud
Senior papal official: Untrue that Sanders invited himself to Vatican
How come Bernie needs a plan to pay for his health care proposal but Hillary and none of the other republican candidates have to explain how they'll pay for their endless global wars and mass surveillance?
Trump: "If Hillary Clinton was a man, I don't think she'd get 5% of the vote."
Sanders: Superdelegates may now be eyeing switch from Clinton
Stephanopoulos Again Fails to Disclose His Donations During Clinton Interview
At least 2,079 Clinton emails contain classified material
Austin Peterson: I want gay couples to be able to protect their marijuana fields with fully automatic rifles"
FAA Says North Dakota Cops Commited Felony by Shooting Down DAPL Protester Drones
Fact-checking Trump's claim that thousands in New Jersey cheered when World Trade Center tumbled
After court threat, Mich. removed Flint's power to sue
Hillary Clinton Is Exposing the Dark Underbelly of the Democrats Money Machine: Her campaign has put a spotlight on the cozy relationships between Democratic operatives and corporate America.
The Clintons really dont get it: False attacks and failed strategies as Hillary repeats 2008
Clintons credibility gap widens after FBI rebuke - "Want to know why two-thirds of Americans do not consider Hillary Clinton trustworthy? Re-watch pretty much any public comment shes made about her email use over the past 16 months and then watch James Comeys speech yesterday"
Clinton Delegate Lead Down to 194, Even as Dramatic Miscounting of Delegates by Media Continues
Bernie Sanders to deliver much-awaited speech on democratic socialism Thursday
More Clinton emails released, including some she deleted
Bernie Will Ban Private Prisons. Hillary Accepted $133,246 From Prison Lobbyists
With her email scandal, Hillary Clinton is out of excuses - The exit polls from the "FBI Primary" are in and they don't look good for Hillary Rodham Clinton.
There Is Only One Way Bernie Sanders Can Win New York Tomorrow: Clinton has the party machine locked up. So Sanders's supporters will need to overwhelm the establishment and swamp the polls.
In November, Sanders flat out accused Clinton of being in Wall Streets pocket, adding that the banks expect to get something in exchange for their millions of dollars of campaign contributions. Its common sense, he pointed out for the benefit of viewers. Everybody knows that.
Bravo! Email Shows Hillary Clintons Friends Congratulating Her on Invading Libya
Carly Fiorina is a liar: And everyone should finally just say it  loudly
New Poll: Almost 80% of Americans Believe Country Will Head in Wrong Direction Under Trump or Hillary
Sanders Forges Ahead: 'No One Said a Political Revolution Would Be Easy'
Americans Are Sick Of The 'Tough On Crime' Era.
Instead of addressing the abnormally high infant death rate, Tenet Healthcare sent $200,000 in campaign contributions to Florida Governor Rick Scott and his party. In response, the governors administration repealed Floridas pediatric heart surgery standards altogether.
Gov. Christie To Get Criminal Summons For Possible Official Misconduct: Report
Rubios tax plan gives a huge gift to the top 0.0003% "the Rubio plan will hemorrhage revenues while bequeathing a massive gift of wealth to the top 0.0003%. Apparently, hes decided that Americas big economic challenge is that those rich people arent rich enough. And damn it, hes gonna fix that!
Hillary Clintons tone-gate disaster: Why her campaigns condescending Bernie dismissal should concern Democrats everywhere If the Clinton campaign can't deal with Bernie's "tone," how are they supposed to handle someone like Donald Trump?
Don't Let Trump's Antics Distract You From Cruz's Unwavering Extremist Agenda -- One is theater. The other is terrifyingly real.
Sanders Wins Big Over Clinton In Minn., Claiming Every Congressional District. "Sanders win came despite the fact that every prominent elected official in the state, including the Governor and Sen. Klobuchar, all endorsed Clinton."
Hillary Clinton Lets Scandal-Plagued Corporation Throw Her a Fund-raiser, for Some Stupid Reason
Trump: Wind power kills all your birds
Poll: Sanders closes gap nationally
Trump bounces into the lead
By not releasing transcripts of her speeches to Wall Street, Hillary Clinton reinforces the notion that she has something hide.
The richest 20 individuals alone own more wealth than the entire bottom half of the U.S. population.
Trump has 2-point edge in new Florida poll
If Bernie Sanders loses, his backers may not be there for Hillary Clinton in November
Bernie Sanders Insurgent Campaign Marks the End of Dont-Rock-the-Corporate-Boat Liberalism
"He didn't see Bernie Sanders because Bernie Sanders was doing fair and open housing in Chicago -- that's why he didn't see him. No matter how good your eyesight is -- if you are standing in Alabama, you can't see people in Chicago," Ellison told CNN.
Christie vetoes $15 an hour minimum wage bill pushed by N.J. Democrats
Sanders campaign slams Clinton for calling herself nominee
Telling Women They Have To Vote For Hillary Clinton Is Not Only Offensive, It's Anti-Feminist
Kansas Gov. Sam Brownbacks trickle-down economics experiment is so bad the state stopped reporting on it
Hillary Clinton Falsely Credits Reagans With Starting National Conversation on HIV/AIDS
Hillary Clinton's top political donor is Univision chairman, investigation shows
Ryan cuts Trump from Wisconsin event
Trump: Transgender people can use whatever bathroom they want
Fired up by Bernie Sanders, Democrats shift left on health care
The Official Head Of The Democratic Party Joins GOP Effort To Protect Payday Lenders
Hillarys Pathetic Cover-Up of TPP Support: Clinton allies are stonewalling emails that expose her trade hypocrisy
Sanders to supporters: Don't let anyone tell you this is over
The Panama Papers show something Bernie Sanders gets right about the economy
Rudy Giuliani Says He Didnt See Hillary at Ground Zero. Here Are Photos of Them There Together.
Yes, Hillary Clinton Is Held To A Double Standard. In fact, she has been held to a much lower standard.
Bernie Sanders proved politicians can make it this far without selling their souls | Robert Reich
Poll: 67% of millennials dislike Clinton, 75% dislike Trump - 35% may vote 3rd Party
Hillary Clinton Slams Donald Trump For Praising Dictators, But She Has Praised Dictatorial Regimes That Donated To Her Family Foundation
Time to Transform Bernies's Campaign Into a Permanent Organization
Sanders Raises More Than $4 Million Since Saturday Victories
Bernie Sanders: I can beat Trump, Hillary Clinton can't
White armed occupiers were acquitted. Native American activists were tear gassed.
Hillary Clinton just suggested shes not establishment. Come on.
Most Americans, including a majority of both Democrats and Republicans, think ex-convicts should be allowed to vote after their release
Women are calling the governor's office to tell him about their periods in response to abortion bill
Meet Tim Canova, the Democrat challenging Debbie Wasserman Schultz in CD23: The more I looked at her record, I noticed how much money shes been taking in from large corporations and how its been apparently been influencing her votes in favor of Wall Street banks and private prisons."
Sanders: Nobody's ever asked me where I was born
Sanders: Carson's 'absurd views' more important than his past
Boehner on Ted Cruz: "I have never worked with a more miserable son of a bitch in my life"
Poll: Sanders does better than Clinton in general election
National Media Retracts Its Claim That There Was Violence at the Nevada State Democratic Convention
Nixon Aide Reportedly Admitted Drug War Was Meant To Target Black People
Schwarzenegger urges Republicans to vote country over party, dump Trump
DNC Lawyers Now Implicated in Email Leaks as Giving Pro-Hillary Advice
Step by step instructions on how to remove Debbie Wasserman Schultz from congress #DebtTrapDebbie
Bernie Sanders wins Wisconsin Democratic primary
White Lives Matter To Be Listed As Hate Group By Southern Poverty Law Center: We are listing them because they are clearly white supremacists.
Black Lawmakers And Their Staffers Split On Bernie Sanders: "'The younger generation has begun to look at us and theyre asking the question, Is Hillary really on my side? When my brother was put in jail for marijuana under her husband? Welfare was taken away, and so forth.'"
Noam Chomsky: Bernie Sanders is Not a Radical, He Has Mass Support for Positions on Healthcare & Taxes
Bernie Sanders Wins Landslides in Washington, Alaska and Hawaii; Corporate Media Downplays Them
Sherrod Brown: Mass Shootings By White Men Are Terrorist Attacks Too
Vote Hillary Clinton/Timothy Kaine on Nov. 8
My Writing in The Huffington Post, Salon, and The Hill advocating Bernie Sanders has created a stir. Im now voting for Jill Stein and still advocating a shift away from Clinton. Im H. A. Goodman AMA
Hi Reddit, I am Maria Teresa Kumar, Emmy-nominated contributor with MSNBC and founder of Voto Latino. Ask me anything!
Hillary Clinton would make a sober, smart and pragmatic president. Donald Trump would be a catastrophe.
Thanks to Trump, we can better understand how Hitler was possible
New email dump reveals that Hillary Clinton is honest and boring
Donald Trump's companies destroyed or hid documents in defiance of court orders
After being a staunch Clinton supporter, I decided to switch to Bernie Sanders after attending a Clinton rally.
Hillary Clinton for President
A Veteran Spy Has Given the FBI Information Alleging a Russian Operation to Cultivate Donald Trump
Washington Post poll: Clinton ahead by 5
Massive Clinton voter fraud in NY
Polling Megathread [10/28 -10/30
Our Opinion: Hillary Clinton for president
"Its pretty amazing to me were worried about what Donald Trump says instead of what Hillary Clinton did. - US Rep. Tom Cole
Opinion: Hillary is Wrong. 100 Percent of Trump Voters are Deplorable
Clinton 'feeling great' after getting overheated at 9/11 event
Guess which candidate's foundation was caught in an illegal campaign funding scheme?
Bernie Sanders Just Urged His Supporters to Vote For Hillary Clinton
Clinton Walks From Daughter's New York Apartment, Says 'I'm Feeling Great,' Waves at Crowd
A full blown Trump corruption scandal is taking shape
Yes, half of Trump supporters are racist
Donald Trump 'used other people's money to donate to charity'
There are five living U.S. presidents. None of them support Donald Trump.
Donald Trump is more than 1 billion in debt.
Friday Fun Off-Topic Megathread
Clinton wins New York primary
Hillary Clinton Is Right: Pepe Is a White Supremacist
Polling Megathread [10/16
Why not openly wear your racism, Trump supporters?
No, Clinton did not start the 'birther' movement
Donald Trump is a consistent, brazen, serial liar
Trumps sickening attacks on Clintons health
Topic Tuesday: The Keystone XL Pipeline
How the Media Manufactured Hatred of Hillary Clinton
No, Hillary Clinton did not start the 'birther' movement
Polls Shows Bernie Sanders Would Win Election By Landslide
People Reveals 6 Witnesses Who Corroborate Natasha Stoynoffs Story of Being Attacked by Donald Trump
Petition calls for Donald Trump to take 5th-grade reading and math exams
(((Donald Trump))) is a cuck
Comey Lied: FBI Synced Weiner Laptop Under Misused Terror Warrant
Over a Third of Trump Supporters Follow White Nationalists on Twitter, Research Finds
Study: Bots accounted for a third of all pro-Trump Twitter activity during the debate
Hillary Clinton Was Politically Incorrect, but She Wasn't Wrong About Trump's Supporters
IRS Launches Investigation Of Clinton Foundation
Polling Megathread [10/17
Hillary Clinton makes history as Democratic nominee
It's All But Official: Donald Trump Won't Release His Tax Returns
Clinton: Trump has 'incited violence'
Hillary Clinton is officially the Democratic Partys nominee
Poll: Nearly half of voters think Trump will detonate a nuke
Vote House Republicans out
Hillary Clinton Makes History Accepting Democratic Nomination
Trump Is Running Some Really Insecure Email Servers
Here's how Bernie Sanders avoided disclosing his personal finances
Reminder: The pretrial date for Donald Trumps child rape case is December 16
Sorry, Hillary, but were done: Keep repeating racist myths and praising Kissinger and the Reagans. Im switching to Bernie Sanders
No, 'Emailgate' Is Not Worse Than Watergate
MSNBC Confirms Trump's Video Interview Claiming Relationship To Putin Is Real
How Michelle Obamas masterful DNC speech countered Trumps hate-filled rhetoric
It's time for Bernie Sanders to admit he lost and drop out
Bill Clinton Mistress Dolly Kyle: Hillary Uses Lies, Threats, Intimidation, Violence
A third of pro-Trump tweets are generated by bots
Megathread: Donald Trump leaked comments from 2005 re:women
Was a Trump Server Communicating With Russia?
Hillary Clinton is delusional
Endorsing Hillary is the just latest sign that Warren is a fraud
Theyre with her, now: More Republicans endorse Clinton
Donald Trump is a racist conspiracy theorist. Dont let him lie his way out of it.
/r/politics Town Hall: State Ballot Measures about Gun Laws (CA, ME, NV, WA)
Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia Chosen as Democratic Vice Presidential Running Mate for Hillary Clinton - Megathread
Donald Trump Has Turned the Republicans Into the Party of Russia
Friday Fun Off-topic Megathread
New poll puts Hillary Clinton nine points ahead of Donald Trump
Someone Was Actually Arrested For In-Person Voter Fraud. She's A Trump Supporter.
Women Are Boycotting Ivanka Trumps Fashion Line  and the Stores That Sell It
Bernie Sanderss millennial diehards are finally #WithHer.
Do millennials agree with Clinton on major issues?
Any Republican who thinks it's better to elect Trump than Hillary needs their head examined
Donald Trump just said he may not accept the results of the election
Megathread - Clinton Campaign releases additional medical records
On 9/11, Trump Bragged About His Building Now Being the Tallest in Lower Manhattan
Donald Trump supports Putin's aggressions
George W. Bush administration official announces support for Clinton over Trump
Here's why Hillary's "i've got more votes" argument is Bullshit
69-year-old woman punched in face outside rally by Trump supporter
#HackingHillary Again! This Time Coughing Fit Is On Her New Plane
Trump's minority outreach off to rough start
Child Care Reforms That Will Make America Great Again
Donald Trump just lied about opposing the Iraq War before it started. Heres proof.
Reid: FBI has 'explosive information' about Trump, Russia
Hillary Clinton's "deplorables" are real: Almost half Trump's supporters hold racist views of African Americans according to a poll conducted earlier this year.
More bigotry from the Trump brigade
Charity watchdog gives Clinton Foundation high marks
Oops! Trump Mistook a Black Supporter at His Rally for a Protester and Called Him a Thug
A third choice: Jill Stein for President
Hillary slams the door on Bernie
Trump Suggests That Soldiers Who Suffer From PTSD Arent Strong
Trump Says African-Americans Have No Education, No Anything
'Every Time She Opens Her Mouth, She Lies': Judge Jeanine Blasts Hillary
Democrats nominate Hillary Clinton for president
Donald Trumps threat to imprison Hillary Clinton is a threat to democracy
Hillary Clinton Cancels Event in California, Campaign Says Pneumonia is Back
Are Clintons memory lapses a health issue, or just dishonest dodging?
Email Bombshell: Hillary Clinton 'Could Barely Climb The Podium Steps'
Clinton asks millennials for 'fair hearing'
Clinton: Trump owes apology to Obama, Americans over birther claims
Steve Harvey endorses Hillary Clinton
Donald Trump Makes Worst Mass Shooting in U.S. History All About Him
Trump welcomes Sanders supporters 'left out in the cold'
Bernie should start a new political party.
Hillary Clinton Isnt Qualified. Deal With It
Voting For Hillary Is a PrivilegeOne Not Shared By the People Shell Bomb
[live
Fact Sheet: Donald J. Trump's new child care plan
No, Trump, Canadians do not flee en masse for US health care
Watch Hillary Clinton Call The Mother Of A Benghazi Victim A Liar
Hillary Clinton gave inequality speech in a $12,000 Armani jacket
Trump, Clinton equally right-wing warmongering shields of big business
Dick Morris: Hillary Could Be Replaced by Biden
Donald Trump has run the worst campaign in modern history
Hillary Clinton Polls: Even Utah and Arizona Would Turn Blue in a Clinton vs Trump Race
All Signs Point to Russia Being Behind the DNC Hack
Bravo, Ecuador, for unplugging Assange
Is Hillary Clinton suffering the first signs of Parkinson's?
These charts show exactly how racist and radical the alt-right has gotten this year
Donald Trumps Call for Russia to Hack the U.S. Might Be a Felony
Scandal! WikiLeaks reveals Hillary Clinton to be . . . reasonable.
I burned my Democratic voter registration card today
Clinton on pneumonia: It 'finally got some Republicans interested in women's health'
Trump Wins 35% of His Party. Sanders 38%, Media Writes Him Off
Poll: Clinton leads Trump among likely voters ahead of first debate
Donald Trump absolutely did say global warming is a Chinese hoax
Why Donald Trump Should Not Be President
Hillary Clinton Ditches 9/11 Memorial Ceremony Early, Reports Say She Fainted on Way to Van
Leaked emails show what Clinton told executives in private
Scope of Trump's falsehoods unprecedented for a modern presidential candidate
Clinton: I've been more transparent than Trump
Trump Blatantly Lied About Ford Motors Moving Everything to Mexico. In Fact, They're Creating U.S. Jobs
"Apparently Michelle Obama HATES Hillary Clinton"
Hillary Clinton Absolutely Violated the Federal Records Act; Heres Why She Cant Be Punished
Oops! Chelsea shot off her mouth on guns, and now Hillary has to pander  and fails
Clinton Clinches Democratic Nomination
American Nurses Association Endorses Hillary Clinton for President (3/22/16)
James OKeefes latest video appears to have violated state wiretapping laws
Trump: Mexican-Americans Not Really Americans
Stop right there: assuming a Hillary Clinton victory is downright dangerous
Hillary Clinton Campaigns to Packed House in Green Bay
Donald Trump just made his worst tweet yet
Why Trumps fake publicist act matters: It proves hes exactly the weirdo and liar we all suspected he was
Donald Trump lost the first presidential debate. And then... this happened.
Donald Trump's Comment About Hillary Clinton and the Second Amendment Cannot Be Excused
Press, lies and Hillarys campaign: Years of smears have created a fictional version of Clinton. Theyre also a disservice to voters.
Data Reveals Hillary Clinton Was Right About Donald Trumps 'Deplorable Supporters
Elizabeth Warren: "Donald Trump makes death threats because he's a pathetic coward who cant handle the fact that hes losing to a girl."
Green Party's Jill Stein tied with dead gorilla Harambe and lost to 'Deez Nuts' in Texas poll
A newly surfaced video shows Donald Trump grabbing and kissing a former Miss Universe onstage
FBI 'Revolt of Watergate Proportions' If Hillary Skates
Bernie Abandons the Revolution: Time to Back Jill Stein!
Dems lap up Hillary Kool Aid at their own risk
Report: Ivanka Trump wrong about Trump Organization's leave policy
FBI defends Hillary Clintons handling of classified material, says markings werent conclusive
Don't blame us when Hillary loses the General
Only Voter Suppression Can Stop Bernie Sanders
Is Trump mentally unstable?
Donald Trump either lied under oath or during a debate
Pick one: Hillary is indicted now, or Hillary is impeached two years from now.
Comey graded Hillary on the Clinton Curve
Sanders under fire for supporters whores remarks
We can't reward Hillary Clinton with the White House for breaking all the rules
Clinton was right: Trump has lifted up the deplorable
June 2016 Metathread
Why Trump will win the White House
My name is Kenneth Preston, Im 17 years old, and Im a registered candidate for President trying to get the Anti-Corruption Act on the ballot. AMA!
Gary Johnson and William Weld on Hillary, Trump, and Why You Should Vote Libertarian
Birtherism and bigotry: These are the vile impulses driving voters to Trump  stop thinking its anything else
The GOP died this weekend
Donald Trump Is Proving How Mortally Dangerous He Is To LGBT Equality
Drop Out Hillary: Campaign to Dump Democratic Frontrunner Hillary Clinton Goes Viral, Nearly 100K Tweets to #DropOutHillary
Libertarian VP Candidate Admits Defeat, Tells Voters To Pick Clinton Over Trump
Clinton Likely be Indicted by May for Breach of National Security  Facing 1 to 10 Years
Donald Trump thinks SNL is rigging the election and should be canceled
Donald Trump is facing a child rape lawsuit. Why aren't we talking about it?
Bill Clinton calls Obama legacy awful, potentially dooming wifes campaign
Poll: Comeys bombshell changes few votes
Darrell Issa: There Is Enough Evidence to Indict Hillary Clinton
Susan Sarandon on Clinton: 'There's going to be' an indictment | Washington Examiner
Clinton Suggests Russia Working To Elect Trump
Only Trump Will Stop the TPP
By November, Russian hackers could target voting machines: "there's no reason political interference would end with the DNC emails."
Clinton Foundation gives tiny fraction of $2 billion in revenue to veterans groups
Haitians at DNC: 'We Hate Hillary'; She 'Belongs in Jail'
Spare me the phony outrage over Clintons basket of deplorables remark
Donald Trump just declared himself ineligible for the presidency
Let's Call the Conspiracy Theories about Hillary's Health What They Are
Judicial Watch chief: Slowly but surely, the Clinton email cover up is unraveling
Clinton didn't knock Sanders out. But she definitely won on points.
Rigging the Election - Video II: Mass Voter Fraud
Bernie Sanders Should Have Been Debating Donald Trump. The DNC Favored the Wrong Candidate
Nominating Trump the bigot will be historic GOP error
How Hillary Clintons alt-right speech isolated and destroyed Donald Trump.
Trumps racist ruse: His farcical outreach to black voters is just white supremacy in disguise
Crowd at Hillary Clinton's Omaha rally exceeded 3,300 with overflow
H.A. Goodman: "Why I say 'Bernie or Bust': If Sanders isnt the Democratic nominee, his backers should by no means pull the lever for Hillary Clinton"
Trump admits Obama born in U.S. but falsely blames Clinton for starting rumors
Sanders: 'Of course' Sandy Hook victims should be able to sue gun manufacturers
Hillary Clinton is the most corrupt candidate in history
Trump campaign calls on FBI to make additional Clinton email investigation records public
If you support Donald Trump, after all the racist things he has said, then you are a bigot as well
Bernie Sanders Will Remain the True Democratic Front-Runner Until the FBI Finishes Its Investigation
I'm A Bernie Sanders Supporter Who Won't Back Hillary Clinton & Calling Me Names Won't Change My Mind
Trump Diverts From Trump Foundation Questions By Releasing Fake Medical Info
Republicans nominate dangerously insane person to lead America, then panic when he proves hes dangerously insane
Trump is trying to rewrite his history of birtherism. This is what really happened.
Friends of Hillary say she has Parkinson's
Clinton is the clear choice for president
Trump Is the Ignorant Candidate Ignorant Americans Deserve
Sorry, Hillary: Trump actually has made a few things in the USA
Trump drives the media nuts, literally: The Chicago Tribunes delusional Gary Johnson endorsement is a symptom of a deeper illness
Clinton: Trumps Campaign Was Founded On Birther Conspiracy
Trump booed at Al Smith dinner
Two Women Say Donald Trump Touched Them Inappropriately
Want $5,000? Call Bill Clinton A Rapist On National Television
Busting The Myth - Bernie Sanders doesn't increase turnout
Hillarys hot sauce long con: If Clinton is pandering with this latest food revelation, its the most impressive suck-up ever
Trump's racist appeal becomes more explicit every day
One of Hillary Clinton's sharpest critics says the FBI was 'wrong and unfair' to drop last-minute campaign bombshell
Donald Trump, The Liar
Clinton shuts down Sanders with a big win in New York. It's over for the Vermont senator
David Duke, a prominent white supremacist, says Trump is helping rehabilitate Hitlers image
Dont let Donald Trump bury the birther issue.
How Hitlers Rise to Power Explains Why Republicans Accept Donald Trump - "Those Republicans who publicly endorse Trump because he probably wont win may be making an error on a historic scale."
Clinton reaches out to Sanders supporters in acceptance speech
Colin Powell: Im Voting for Hillary Clinton
Trump's Own Pay-for-Play Problem Just Got Worse
A Bernie Supporter's Enthusiastic Case For Hillary
Hillary Clinton may drop out of US presidential race after major health scare
Senator Bernie Sanders Makes a Case for His Supporters to Rally Behind Hillary Clinton
Why Hillary Clinton's big Super Tuesday wins are great news for Democrats
Sanders warns his supporters against choosing a third party
Is Hillary Morally Unfit to Be President?
Bernie or bust protesters, if you genuinely believe Hillary Clinton is worse than Donald Trump you are deluded.
This is how the FBI destroys Hillary: The 10 questions that could end her White House dreams -- These questions, if answered honestly, would most likely hand the Democratic nomination to Bernie Sanders
Ignatius: Hillary Clinton Has Lost The Trust Battle
Gary Johnson's own VP pick pretty much just endorsed Hillary Clinton
Why the Media Won't Cover the Child Rape Case Pending Against Donald Trump
Hey progressives, Hillary isnt the enemy: Im a Sanders supporter, but Im sick of Bernie Bros Clinton Derangement Syndrome. I'm pulling for Sanders. But if Clinton wins the nomination, progressives should go all in for her. Here's why
Democrats Turn to Hillary Clinton After Flirting With Bernie Sanders
Bernie supporters chant "English-only" to stop civil rights leader Dolores Huerta from providing Spanish translation
Hillary Clinton has a $10 billion plan to stop the heroin epidemic. Donald Trump has some slogans.
My Names is Alex Merced, 2016 Libertarian Party Candidate for US Senate (NY) against Chuck Schumer... Ask Me Anything
Hillary Clinton may want to close every public school in America, according to math
9/11 tapes reveal raw and emotional Hillary Clinton
Endorsement: Hillary Clinton has needed knowledge, experience
Are robots stealing the election for Hillary Clinton? 100% of states with computerized voting have gone to Hillary Clinton
Gov. Kate Brown endorses Hillary Clinton for president
Its time to start taking Bernie Sanders seriously
Endorsement: Hillary Clinton is the only choice to move America ahead
Clinton is guilty of lies, scandal, corruption
Remember When Mike Pence Said Smoking Doesnt Kill?
Hillary Clinton crushes Donald Trump in another national poll as Khan controversy disgusts voters
Trump on porn actress who accused him of misconduct: 'Oh, I'm sure she's never been grabbed before'
Clinton cheating her way to Democratic nomination no grand victory for women
Im a Latina and heres why I support Trumpand his immigration plan
"Smug" liberals have been right all along: Republican voters this year behaved exactly as the smuggest liberal wouldve predicted, supporting a race-baiting pseudo-strongman who is basically an outgrowth of the conservative infotainment complex.
Romney Calls Dishonesty Trump's Hallmark in Speech Eviscerating Front-runner
New email shows Donna Brazile leaked a second question to Clinton campaign
Hillary Clintons Got This
Trump Foundation Paid Activist Filmmaker James O'Keefe
Anyone else exited to see Bernie leading Hillary in polls?
Why Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president
Can we stop spreading lies about alternative candidates (No, Jill Stein is not anti-vax)
Hillary supporters, let us celebrate her decisive, crushing win over Bernie Sanders!
There Is No Bernie Sanders Movement
33 Percent of Bernie Sanders Supporters Will Not Vote for Hillary Clinton.
No, Donald Trump, abortions do not happen at 9 months pregnant
Just 5.7 Percent Of Clinton Foundation Budget Actually Went To Charitable Grants
Announcing AMA event Thursday 9/8: Join us for discussions with the editors-in-chief of Reason and Talking Points Memo!
The Polls Arent Skewed: Trump Really Is Losing Badly
Bernie Sanders: I support Hillary Clinton. So should everyone who voted for me
Nevada Democrats: Sanders campaign has violent streak
Why are there any liberals supporting Gary Johnson?
Poll: Clinton crushes Trump among Hispanics
Why Many Bernie Sanders Supporters Will Soon be Abandoning the Democratic Party: And Why Their Super-Delegates Will Some Day Regret Sabotaging His Candidacy
Clinton: Trump 'clearly has something to hide' in his tax returns
Its beyond debate that Donald Trump is unfit to be president
Hillarys Lying about lying - "This perhaps is the most disturbing condition of our current political scene. Trump supporters notice his unfiltered shortfalls, but Hillary supporters are blind to her untruths."
Former NSA analyst: FBI may reopen investigation if Clinton loses
Mark Cuban says Donald Trump 'scares the s--- out of me'
New Poll Shows Trump Making Strong Gains Among Key Demographic To Lead Clinton
#NextFakeTrumpVictim Is Why Sexual-Assault Survivors Dont Come Forward
Trump adviser, son post image featuring white nationalist symbol
New Clinton Sex Assault Accuser Will Be At Debate Tonight
Millennials are feeling the Bern in part for all the goodies hes offering  free college, better health care, higher wages. They grew up during the Great Recession, worry about making a good living and dont trust the system to help them.
John Podesta Says Russian Spies Hacked His Emails to Sway Election
Poll: Jill Stein tied with Harambe, trailing Deez Nutz in Texas
Dont Believe Any Headline Showing Hillary Clinton with a 12-Point Lead over Donald Trump
I am Eddie Goldberg, author of the new book JOINT VENTURED NATION: Why America Needs a Foreign Policy - My book is the antidote to Trumps walling off America, AMA
Trump backers realize theyve been played as WikiLeaks fails to deliver October surprise
Hillary Clintons Tax Plan Will Shrink the Economy and Lose Jobs, According to New Study
Donald Trump, Pepe the frog, and white supremacists: an explainer
Its Time for Hillary Clinton to Concede the Democratic Nomination to Bernie Sanders
Clinton Wins Arizona
It is urgent that shes stopped: Hillary Clintons nightmare neoliberalism and American exceptionalism makes the world a dangerous place
Fact-checking Hillary Clinton's claim that Bernie Sanders supported 'Charleston Loophole'
2016 SCOTUS rulings Megathread
Frenzied Donald Trump Supporters Are Turning On The Media -- And It's Getting Scary
Clinton emails continue to be non-scandal, disappointing Republicans
Hillary Clinton may not be able to continue her campaign. Indictment seems inevitable.
Topic Tuesday: Women in Combat
Krauthammer: Trump's Russia reference set a trap for Clinton
Sanders Leaves Michigan, Cops Begin Raiding Medical Marijuana Shops Next Day
Heres What Jill Stein Would Say To Clinton in a Debate
The people are behind Bernie Sanders and won't stand for Hillary Clinton's shenanigans
Libertarian Gary Johnson: Stop Calling Them Illegal Immigrants! Also, Obamas Executive Amnesty Was Great!
Bye bye, Bernie: The Democratic race is all but over
Hillary Camp Freaking Out As This Video Goes Viral No Way To Stop It Now
Here, Mr. Trump, this is what sacrifice looks like
CNNs Jake Tapper Edits out Hillary Clintons Bombings Remark
Clinton corruption swept under the rug
Trump refuses to say he will accept election results
Bring Back Bernie Sanders. Clinton Might Actually Lose To Trump.
Six reasons Trump is still better than Clinton
Donald Trump will win the US presidency by a landslide  don't underestimate him yet again
Watch George Takei Blast Donald Trump
Poll: 44% of likely voters think Trump is 'racist'
Poll: Most Americans think Donald Trump is a raging jackass
Bernie Sanders Supporters in Brooklyn: Polls That Show Hillary Leading Are Rigged - So what if the polls show Clinton leading in crucial New York by double digits? They mean nothing, Berniacs at a Prospect Park rally said Sunday: Sanders is headed for an epic upset.
There will be an announcement of no charges being brought against Hillary, sources familiar with the investigation told CNN.
No, Hillary Clinton Didn't Insult Sanders' Supporters as 'Basement Dwellers'
Clinton wins Arizona
When It Comes To Donald Trump's Russia Ties, It's All About The Aides
Donald Trump is facing a child rape lawsuit. Why aren't we talking about it?
Trump didn't get post-9/11 funds for helping people
Analysis: Clinton speaks at higher grade level than Trump
"Sources tell CNN the expectation is Clinton will not face charges."
Bernie Blew It
Hillary Clinton is career criminal, clinical psychopath: Analyst
Clinton Has 8-Point Lead In New Iowa Poll
Both third-party candidates would be terrible presidents
Is Hillary Clintons deplorables remark like Mitt Romneys 47% gaffe?
Susan Brown: Never Hillary - "The last thing we need is a president so preoccupied with all the scandals she creates she cant address what matters. With that said, I can definitively say Id never vote for that woman."
Trump campaign manager charged with battery over reporter incident
Hillary Clinton Parkinson's Disease: Evidences, Videos And More Theories
Surprise! Donald Trump Is Wrong About Elizabeth Warren
Why Bernie Sanders Should Not Be President
[live
Will Trumps Tape Help Gary Johnson Get Into the Last Debate?
After a brain injury, I suddenly displayed some behavior similar to Donald Trumps
If Hillary Isn't Indicted, the Rule of Law and the Republic Are Dead
Sorry, "deplorables": Being called Racist doesn't mean you're being oppressed.
10 Ways That Bernie Sanders Has Described Democratic Socialism That Prove It Isnt a Radical Idea at All
Question: Could we all stop up-voting things without looking at them, who they're written by, or whether they have any validity at all?
Hillary's Huge Libya Disaster
Friday Fun Off-Topic Megathread
If Donald Trump was President when wife Melania came to America she wouldnt have been allowed in
Donald Trump Is Right About Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg
GOP presidential front-runner Donald Trump is less popular than Nickelback, traffic jams, lice
Donald Trumps bad month just got worse, because Sanders backers just rallied to Clinton
Republicans just cant help themselves from overreaching on every Clinton scandal
Is Hillary Clinton Medically Unfit to Serve?
Clinton Accused Of Using Donations To Silence Bills Victims!
Clinton should condemn violent protesters at Trump rallies
Friday Fun Off-Topic Megathread
I have had it with naive Bernie Sanders idealists
Sanders wins Wyoming!
Sanders Voter Lists Reasons She Wont Vote For Clinton in General Election
Electoral Map: Hillary Clinton is on track for a blowout win in November
MittCarthyism: Romney Disgraces Himself With Dishonest Attack On Trump
Clinton: I was monitoring Osama raid as Trump hosted Celebrity Apprentice
Trump asks why US can't use nukes: MSNBC's Joe Scarborough reports
The Mexico sends them myth: Trumps not just racist but channeling far-right immigration conspiracies
Hillary Clinton Pretends to Be Progressive, Shes Actually Conservative
Heres what happened at Saturdays dramatic Nevada Democratic convention
The Democrats are about to blow it: This election is about new millennials, not aging baby boomers
Trumps Biggest Clinton Conspiracy Theories, Debunked
Both third-party candidates would be terrible presidents
Donald Trump Remembers 7-Eleven Like It Was Yesterday
If Trump Wins, Dont Blame Bernie: Bernie is the strongest candidate.
Bernie Sanders Can't Explain How He'd Break up the Banks
American Nurses Association endorses Clinton
Donald Trump is refusing to pay his campaign pollster nearly three-quarters of a million dollars
Mitt Romney's Top Strategist Says Hillary Clinton Would Be a Better President Than Donald Trump
AG Loretta Lynch Can't Make Her Mouth Say: 'Driving 65 MPH in a 55 MPH Zone Is Against the Law'
Bernie Sanders Ignores Supporters and endorses Hillary Clinton
Clinton memo: Sanders' path 'relies on overturning the will of the voters'
The Rise of Donald Trump and The Delusional Politics of White Supremacy
Dallas Morning News: We recommend Hillary Clinton for president
Bernie Sanders Goes All In for Hillary Clinton
Could Hillary Be Any Worse? Sure, Add Tim Kaine to the Ticket
Trump Didnt Like His Wives to Work Because it Made His Dinner Late
Rush Limbaugh: Trump will beat Clinton by 'landslide proportions'
Donald Trump Just Put Politics Aside and Delivered a Heartfelt 9/11 Message to All Americans
Donald Trump lies. All the time.
Ex-UN President 'Conveniently' Crushes His Own Throat Before Clinton-Linked Federal Case Starts
Bill and Hillary have a much higher than average amount of associates that end up dead. 46!
Is Donald Trump OK? Erratic behaviour raises mental health questions
Trump's organization did business with Iranian bank later linked to terrorism
Green Party Watch: Talk of Stein as Possible Alternative to Sanders Gets Louder
Mark Cuban: Trump's statement on the Fed is 'exactly why the market will tank if he is elected'
Over the Waterfall Into Trump's Racist Abyss
Why are you so sick?: Martin Shkreli shows up to taunt Clinton
Meanwhile, Donald Trump Did a Q&A Wednesday Night on a Hate Speech Forum
Donald Trump says he'll attract Democrats; polls say that's unlikely
Gore: I'm voting for Clinton
Dont Drop Out, Bernie
Clinton led 'destruction overseas, poverty at home': Trump
Speaker Paul Ryan hints at "President Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton Top Six Campaign Staffers Are All White Men
Obama Boosts Clinton: Carry Her like You Carried Me
Trump To Sanders Supporters: "We Welcome You With Open Arms"
Bernie Sanders: I support Hillary Clinton. So should everyone who voted for me
The Republican Party is now institutionally defending Donald Trumps racism
Obama May Have Lied About His Knowledge of Clinton Private Email Server, and No One Cares!
Friday Fun Off-Topic Megathread
Donald Trump: 'Hillary Clinton Wants to Take Your Guns'
The press thought Trumps first 30 minutes were his best. They were his worst.
Trump's Weak Attempt to Win Over Women
Hillary Is Haunted By Mens Dicks Getting Them In Trouble
There Is a Moderate Republican in This Race, But She's Running as a Democrat
Trumps bizarre claim that the Clinton email controversy is bigger than Watergate
Hillary Clinton Has the Best Solution to Homegrown Terrorism
The latest Clinton email story just isnt a scandal
Voters Really Want to See Donald Trump's Tax Returns
Is it time for the Democrats to admit Bernie Sanders is their best hope against Trump?
Its All Over But The Shouting: Hillary Clinton Crushed Bernie Sanders
Donald Trump's Reddit AMA Was Very Low-Energy. Sad!
Bernie Sanders Is Now the 'Inevitable' Democratic Nominee and Presidential Winner
Bernie Sanders secures five minutes with Pope Francis
Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders criticise Donald Trump for xenophobic rhetoric
Bernie Sanders explains losses to Hillary Clinton: 'Poor people don't vote'
Poll: Trump less popular than lice, still backed by GOP voters
Bernie Sanders Renews Attacks on Hillary Clinton in Pennsylvania
U.S. Presidential Debates without candidates Jill Stein & Gary Johnson is a shameful censorship scam
Mystery Surrounds Sources of Many Bill Clinton Speaking Fees
The Trump Democrats are real, are abandoning Hillary, and the unions are in a panic!
Trump keeps saying Rubio is missing the most votes in the Senate. Its actually Bernie Sanders.
How Clinton Emails Became The New Whitewater: A Scandal In Search of A Crime
Clinton Will Build Her Biggest Lead on March 15. Sanders Will Erode It After That
Overall 81 percent of Sanders backers have rallied to Clinton, surpassing the 74 percent of Clinton supporters in 2008 who fell in behind Barack Obama
Trump hints at assassination of Hillary Clinton by gun rights supporters
The Myth of the Trump Democrat - At this stage of the election, there is nothing that points to any Democratic support or enthusiasm for Trump. Instead, its just the opposite. Trump is deeply unpopular with Democratic voters. Even white ones.
Trump is right: The greatest U.S. threat is indeed from within. (Its him)
The Second Amendment Was Never Meant to Protect an Individuals Right to a Gun
Judge Jeanine: Alleged Clinton hacker's claims are credible
Who Is Behind the Lie That More Guns Makes Us Safe? The NRA doesnt need just cash to bully legislatorsit needs bad information too.
Donald Trump riles 2016 race with anti-Semitic imagery
Shedding light on Sanders' anti-science views
Why I support Hillary Clinton (gilded thread from r/PoliticalDiscussion)
Charity Watchdog gives the Clinton foundation an 'A' rating with 88% of the money going to charitable causes
Judicial Watch Uncovers Smoking Gun Clinton Emails
Poll: Clinton leads Trump by 7 points following Dem convention
The day Trump killed the fact
FBI Agreed to Destroy Evidence Pertaining to Hillarys Private Server Including Laptops
Poll: Hillary Clinton Solidifies Big Lead On Donald Trump - NBC News
Putin is surely backing Trump, whether or not Russia was behind DNC hack | US news
The Democrats are in more trouble than they realize proceeding with their rigged effort to crown Hillary Clinton as their nominee.
Hillary Clinton Struggles to Fight Back Coughing Attack
Bill Maher: Id Vote For Dead Hillary Over Trump
The Trump Effect': Report says children of color are deeply traumatized by 2016 campaign
David Brooks: "The Trump comparison of the looks of the wives, he does have, over the course of his life, a consistent misogynistic view of women as arm candy, as pieces of meat. Its a consistent attitude toward women which is the stuff of a diseased adolescent."
Friday Fun Off-topic Megathread
Hillary Clinton's quiet supporters explain why they're with her
Bernie Sanderss false claim that he has released his full federal tax returns
Shutting Down Trump Doesnt Violate The First Amendment, Police Assaulting Trump Protesters Does
Louis C.K. Compares Donald Trump to Hitler: Hes an Insane Bigot
Be Afraid of How Much Donald Trumps Supreme Court Could Change America
Remember, there are more than two options in this election.
As a show of support, I just donated to the Sanders campaign
Elizabeth Warren Cant Stop, Wont Stop Laying Into Donald Trump
On his Vermont tax return, Sanders made a total of $150 in voluntary contributions to support four causes: at-risk children, endangered wildlife, military veterans and the environment.
Trump brags about not paying taxes: 'That makes me smart'
Pastor Chides Donald Trump For Electioneering At Her Church
Clintonism, RIP
John Oliver has the Donald Trump takedown America has been waiting for
Bernie Sanders going nowhere after winning four states on Super Tuesday
Trump Campaign Bombs in Virginia, Again - Empty bleachers and a hostile student body greeted Trump vice presidential nominee Mike Pence in Virginia on Saturday at one of the most religiously conservative schools in the country.
Donald Trump 'would wipe $1 trillion from the US economy if he is elected president'
How Reddit Ruined The Hillary Clinton Campaign
Bernie Sanders' campaign just dropped a major hint that the race is over
Major Nevada union accuses Sanders aides of posing as union members
Covering Up Hillarys Libyan Fiasco
Cornel West: Why I Endorse the Green Partys Jill Stein Over Neoliberal Disaster Hillary Clinton
New Emails Show Hillary Slept Through Meeting Day After Benghazi Attacks
Vote for Hillary Clinton: Vote for the Military-Industrial Complex and World War
Ben Carson Doesn't Know Who Wrote The Constitution Even After Writing a Book About It
Republicans abandoning racist Donald Trump
Clinton slams Trump abortion comments, says: 'The Republicans all line up together'
Trump: I didnt sexually assault a People magazine reporter, because look at her
The 'Blacks for Trump' Guy Is a Former Cult Member Who Thinks Obama Is the Devil
Inside Bernie's longshot victory strategy
The myth of the Democratic rift: Despite media hot air, the data show Sanders supporters will embrace Clinton - Salon.com
Donald Trump has another white power-loving delegate
Trump Turns Victory Speech Into QVC Pitch: I Got Steaks, Wine And Mags!
Clinton's debate performance spoke to every woman who has had to humor an incompetent man
September 28th, 2016 Libertarian Race  MSNBC Hardball College Tour Megathread
Trump wants revenge: His hunger to be president is all about gaining power to settle petty personal scores
I Was Wrong: Trump Will Be The Next President
This week Donald Trump supporters punched an elderly woman, slapped a protestor, and hung Hillary Clinton in effigy
'History made': Clinton claims nomination. Clinton puts Trump on watch: 'We are better than this. We wont let this happen in America.'
Trump son: Dad can't release tax returns because then everyone will see them
The national media is talking about Trumps racist campaign. Thats good for Hillary Clinton.
Jill Stein: "I am the only candidate that is not controlled by predatory banks" BBC News
Trump officially launches LyingCrookedHillary.com
Why Hillary Clinton's Polling Bounce Has a Better Chance of Persisting
Ivanka Trump lies, says Clinton has no childcare or maternity leave proposals
Study: White Extremists More Dangerous Than Islamists Since 9/11 time.com
Hillary Clinton Is Now the Presumptive Democratic Nominee
Bernie Sanders Is Almost Totally A Creation Of The Wealth He Disdains
DeLay: FBI 'Ready to Indict' Hillary
Poll: Clinton up 4 points over Trump in Arizona
Hillary Clinton Deadpans On 'Between Two Ferns'
It's official: Hillary Clinton makes history
Hillary Clinton expresses 'regret' for calling Donald Trump supporters 'deplorables'
The lies Trump told this week: from 'deplorables' to his interrupted speech
Eighty-five percent of Sanders supporters intend to vote for Clinton
While Media Goes Crazy Over Trump KKK Story, A Stunning Hillary Video Surfaced
Trump again refuses to acknowledge Obama was born in U.S.
Bernie Sanders: 'I am proud to stand with her'
Hillary Clinton thanks Bernie Sanders for challenging her in victory speech
No, Jimmy Fallon, Donald Trump isn't a laughing matter | Steven Thrasher | Opinion
Elizabeth Warren is actually the most punk rock anti-Wall Street crusader the left has got left - Warren is far more likely than Hillary Clinton to crusade against free market corruption and the surreptitious right-wingers who endorse it.
Trump in 2013: We must 'leave borders behind' because future of US 'depends on a cohesive global economy'
Wow: Joe Biden passionately Calls Out Donald Trump on His PTSD Comments, Shares Story of Son Beau
Mark Cuban: Hillary Clinton Is a 'Smarter Businessperson' and 'Better Negotiator' Than Donald Trump
Trump failed the commander in chief test. Badly.
81 percent of Sanders backers now support Clinton against Trump. At this point in 2008, 22 percent of Clinton primary supporters said they would vote for John McCain in the fall
Dont let Donald Trump take the Fifth
Since he won the nomination, over half of voters have said Donald Trump isnt qualified for the job
Sorry, Donald Trump. American workers wont fall for your scam.
Honest question: what do Hillary supporters make of Juanita Broaddrick's accusations?
Bombshell Newsweek Report: Trump's Biz Ties Would Be NatSec Nightmare
How Hillary blew her big moment
A $1 Million Fight Against Hillary Clinton's Online Trolls
Clinton to Sanders: End the 'very artful' smears
Pervy Ted Cruz Caught Cheating  With 5 Secret Mistresses!
O'Keefe Sting Reveals 'Bird-Dogging' to Incite Violence at Trump Events
What Bill and Hillary Clinton's Controversial Foundation Actually Does. Although the foundation has a wide array of initiatives promoting economic equality for women, boosting entrepreneurship in emerging markets and tackling climate change it is perhaps best known for its health care initiatives.
Former US Presidents discussion series - Part XII
Dead Broke? Hillary Pays Herself Over $250K From Campaign Coffers
Bill Maher Likens Donald Trump To A Spoiled 5-Year-Old Throwing A Tantrum. He is the grown-up version of every pain-in-the-ass kid...
Trump presidency is a global threat, The Economist Intelligence Unit warns
Hillary Clinton: Alt-Right Conservatives Are Not True Republicans
SMART endorses Hillary Clinton for President
Latest polls point to post-convention bounce for Clinton
After the weekends attacks, Clinton acted like a leader. Trump did not.
No, Trump wont win votes from disaffected Democrats in the fall
Some Bernie supporters are rejecting his endorsement of Hillary Clinton and choosing to back Jill Stein of the Green Party instead. Here's why.
Gallup: Clinton most admired woman in the US for 20th year
The Cult of Trump
Obama: 'There has never been a man or a woman more qualified' than Clinton
Donna Brazile is the worst mole in history
Here's a list of Bernie Sanders' $19.6 trillion in tax hikes
Sanders not surprised media establishment backing Clinton
Jill Stein makes push to be included in presidential debates
Clinton borrows Kremlins playbook with troll army: #NeverTrump is really #ImWithHer
Donald Trump is obsessed with race-baiting conspiracy theories
Hillary Clinton has an 81% chance of winning the Iowa caucuses.
FiveThirtyEight: Bernie Sanders Is Even Less Competitive Than He Appears
69-year-old woman punched in the face by man leaving Donald Trump rally
Elizabeth Warren And Hillary Clinton Join Forces To Troll Donald Trump. Warren called Trump a small, insecure, money-grubber who fights for no one but himself.
Bill Clintons Ugly Defense Of His Crime Bill That Harmed Black Communities
Why Donald Trump doesn't deserve even one vote
There is a liberal case to be made for Donald Trump. The prospect of Trump defeating Clinton this November is not necessarily the apocalypse that some would lead you to believe.
Clinton commits Benghazi gaffe, saying US 'didn't lose a single person' in Libya
I Wrote That I Despised Hillary Clinton. Today, I Want To Publicly Take It Back.
Clinton lucks out with Jill Stein on her left
Has Donald Trump Ruined Journalism?
This is Why Voting for Hillary is Not the Best Idea
Donald Trump gains on Hillary Clinton in Pennsylvania with help from defecting Democrats
Al Gore endorses Hillary Clinton
Donald Trumps infrastructure plan costs 10 times more than the Obama plan Republicans voted against
Election Update: Clintons Bounce Appears Bigger Than Trumps
Hillary Clinton Slams Donald Trump, Says It's Time to Pick Country Over Party
Don't want to vote for Clinton or Trump? How about this woman who says Wi-Fi melts kids' brains?
Dems in Panic Over Hillary Candidacy: 'Our Nominee Is a Disaster'
I sold Trump $100,000 worth of pianos. Then he stiffed me.
Donald Trump wrong that Hillary Clinton 'doesnt do very well with women'
MSNBC Host Thinks Trump Not Releasing Tax Returns Is Worse Than Clinton Foundation Scandals
Trump raised $0 for RNC in October
Someone finally told Trump to shut up
Bernie Sanders' backers should stop booing Hillary Clinton
Bernie Sanders revolution threatens Hillary Clinton in Iowa: Clinton is losing young women to a cranky older man.
Why Clinton can thank Trump for her polling bump
Hillary Clinton: 'We Didn't Lose a Single Person' in Libya | Fox News Insider
Donald Trump Rally - White man punches black protester... police make arrest
Hillary Clintons Moment - "Shes a deeply flawed politician."
Trumps coded racism is as dangerous as his lies. Debate moderators must call it out.
Donald Trump's employees are picketing his Nevada hotel
No record that Clinton, aides took required ethics training
Bernie Sanders to Reassess Candidacy After Tuesdays Vote, But Hell Stay in Race
Economists have a message: Clinton's policies are wrong for America
Not Even a Dimes Worth of Difference - Clinton/Bush Hug
Yes, theres a rigged election: The one that ensures a Republican House majority
Nearly 20% of Trump Fans Think Freeing the Slaves Was a Bad Idea
Donald Trump: the modern-day Nero ready to burn down America?
Physically Attacked by Donald Trump  A People Writers Own Harrowing Story
Hillary Blames Coughing Fit On Trump Allergy At Rally
The lie that is Hillary
Bill Clinton: Bernie Sanders Supporters Would Shoot Every Third Person on Wall Street
Trump campaign wrong about Clinton influence on debates against Sanders, Trump
Donald Trump is wrong. Rigging an election is almost impossible.
Should Hillary Clinton release menu of her $353000 per plate fundraising dinners? #ReleaseTheMenu
Hillarys Nightmare "Hillary Clintons nightmare is not the sudden resurgence of Bernie Sanders. It is the fidelity to the rule of law of the FBI."
Sanders: I can still win
Martha Stewart went to prison, but Hillary gets off?
Harry Reid calls Donald Trump 'a racist'
Trump says Sanders 'lost his energy,' believes he can sway some of his supporters
New poll: No convention bounce for Trump
Donald Trumps shocking ignorance, laid bare
Clinton voter fraud in Polk County, Iowa Caucus
Trumps long record of broken promises
Joe Bidens D.N.C. Speech Shows Why Hes Hillarys White Man Whisperer
In new poll, Clinton leads Trump in every single category
August 2016 Meta Thread
Former US Presidents discussion series - Part XIII
Sanders Tells DNC-Goers 'Hillary Clinton Will Make An Outstanding President'
Donald Trump's Plan to Make Americans Poor Again
Hoisted on Her Own Petard-Hillarys Gratuitous Attack On Snowden And Lies About Her Own Emails
Clinton unfit to be president
Yes, Bernie Sanders Will Win the Contested Democratic Convention
Meet The Workers Who Sewed Donald Trump Clothing For A Few Dollars A Day
Hillary Clinton Campaigns With Scandal Plagued Friend Charlie Rangel In Harlem
Trump's Blood Libel & Press Failure
Hillary Clinton Now Gives Press Conferences While Donald Trump Avoids Them
Dr. Cornel West Is Right, Jill Stein Should Be Americas First Female President
I like Bernie Sanders. His supporters? Not so much
Giuliani: Trump believes now Obama was born in the U.S.
Hillary Clinton: "One of my biggest contrasts with Senator Sanders, that he would place gun manufacturer's rights and immunity from liability against the parents of the children killed at Sandy Hook." [8:18
Clinton will build her biggest lead on March 15th. Sanders will erode it after that.
All choked up! Hillary caught up in coughing fit in Cleveland and plays it off as an 'allergic reaction' to Trump
Hillary Clintons Hit Men Target Bernie Sanders at Blue Nation Review
Trump's stamina attack on Clinton stirs talk of gender bias
Sanders to supporters: We must elect Hillary Clinton
Report: Trump buys $20K Trump portrait with donor money
Inside the bitter last days of Bernie's revolution
Clinton vs. Trump: Even their supporters dont like them
Despite Clinton's Lead, Is Bernie Sanders' Campaign Too Rich To Quit?
Hillary emails show ties to Rahm, Blumenthal, Clinton Foundation
Hillary Clinton Is Even More Dishonest than You Thought
Trump Just Drove a Truck Through Hole DNC Platform Panel Left in Clinton's TPP Promise
Bernie Sander's health care plan isn't realistic
Bill Clinton: Hillary has 'the flu' (NOT pneumonia?)
Donald Trump Encourages Violence At His Rallies. His Fans Are Listening.
Trump and Clinton react very differently to terror incidents. That tells us how theyd act as president.
Are Trumps Poll Numbers Collapsing?
Advantage Hillary: Clinton widens lead as first debate looms
Clintons email server did not lead to an Iranian scientists death
Hillary Clinton says America is stronger together. But in Hillary Clintons America, millions of people are left out in the cold.
Clintons National Lead Over Sanders Widens to 25 Points
Donald Trumps Charity Scandal Is About to Spread Nationwide
Hillary Clinton: "As president, I will be a vocal champion for D.C. statehood"
Donald Trump Launches Blatantly Anti-Semitic Attack Against Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton Leads Donald Trump 54% to 41%: CNN/ORC Poll
Hillary Clinton Leads Donald Trump by 10 Points in New Poll
Could Gary Johnson Be Even Dumber Than Sarah Palin?
CNN Poll: Hillary's Convention Speech Received Much More Favorably than Trump's
Sanders says he has lost primaries to Clinton because poor people dont vote
Donald Trump's 500 businesses would pose 'unprecedented ethical dilemma'
President Obamas brutal assessment of the rise of Donald Trump
Sanders Campaign Distances Itself From its Own Campaign Ads
Ohio: Hillary Clinton Loses to All Republicans
Hillarys nightmare | Mishandling state secrets is an indictable offense
Gun ownership isn't some inalienable right granted by God
Hillary Clinton talks down to young black voter in Minneapolis
Pants On Fire for viral rumor Bernie Sanders won California
Polling Megathread [10/13 - 10/15
Donald Trump is failing at basically everything right now. This poll proves it.
Loser Pope takes on Donald Trump, suffers massive humiliation, slinks off to Vatican
While Khan talks peace, Trump tweets against him
Dear Anti-Trump protesters: You're making things worse.
Exclusive - Black Men for Bernie founder: 'Trump does not scare me as much as Hillary Clinton does'
Donald Trump hits all-time low in the polls that really matter
Donald Trump tried to get me fired after I wrote about Trump University
WikiLeaks Releases Alleged Clinton Wall Street Speeches In Batch Of Campaign Emails
The Hillary Clinton email story is out of control
Trump Calls For Punishing Women Who Have Abortions, Then Backtracks
2006 Audio Emerges of Hillary Clinton Proposing Rigging Palestine Election |
California Gov. Jerry Brown praises Sanders on his way to lukewarm endorsement of Clinton "California Gov. Jerry Brown issued a less-than-enthusiastic endorsement of Hillary Clinton"
Obama is 'fired up' for Clinton as Democrats seek to unify party
Hillary Clinton is not a Feminist
Poll: 48% of Americans Say Russia Is Trying to Control the Election
Stop Pretending You Don't Know Why People Hate Hillary Clinton
Polling Megathread [10/10 - 10/12
WikiLeaks' Julian Assange accuses Hillary Clinton of electoral 'extortion'
Trump lies more often than Clinton. But Americans think shes more dishonest. Heres why.
Trump Presidency Is a Global Threat, Economist Intelligence Unit Warns
Caucusing for Hillary Clinton at 102 years old
The media is giving Hillary a pass on her most vile lie
It's Clinton's Foreign Policy Not Trump's That's Reckless
Remarks in Philadelphia
NBC Poll: Clinton maintains national lead after NH loss
Bernie Sanders Campaign Accessed Confidential Clinton Data
Forget This Hillary Is Unlikable Stuff. Hillary Is Downright Inspiring.
Hillary Clinton is the only real choice for president
'We could have been there': Squadron member speaks out on stalled Benghazi response
Yep, Trump just made another joke about assassinating
What voters know about Hillary Clinton: She's a crook
I salute Bernie and his supporters. Signed a Hillary supporter.
Progressive 3.0: Beware the Latest Version of Hillary Clinton
Obama Passes Baton of Optimism to Clinton
I'm probably going to get down voted for this, but I think Bernie Sanders is going to win
Sorry, deplorables': Being called racist doesnt mean youre being oppressed
Clinton vs. Trump: Hillary Clinton Wants To Carry Forward Obamas Legacy, Woos Black Voters
The Clinton Campaign Can't Even Tell The Truth About Water: "I drink tons of water. Just as much water as I can possibly drink."
A group of 30 black students were reportedly removed from a Donald Trump rally before it even started
Piers Morgan: All the pressure is on Hillary tonight and if she wobbles, wavers or walks into a Trump right hook, you can start counting her out
Hillary Clinton says 'the unborn person doesn't have constitutional rights' as she explains her stance on abortion
John Lewis On Sanders' Involvement In Civil Rights Movement: I Never Saw Him
Exclusive  NSA Architect: Agency Has All of Clintons Deleted Emails
Clinton's 2008 Campaign Manager On Whether They Promoted Rumors About Obama's Heritage: "Yeah"
Clinton mocks Trump with her own 3 a.m. tweetstorm
Hillary's secret emails strike again: New report says secretary of state's private server held two top-secret messages
Donald Trump is shocked to learn that politics is complicated
Hillary Clinton says none of her emails had classification headers
"Hillary Clinton must become the next president of the United States." - Bernie Sanders, Democratic National Convention 2016 Full Speech
Meet the Horde of Neo-Nazis, Klansmen, and Other Extremist Leaders Endorsing Donald Trump
Hillary Clintons million little lies
Could Hillary Clinton be Worse Than Trump?
Trump used $258,000 from his charity to settle legal problems
2016 Democratic National Convention - Final Day
Clinton May Have Stood Out Front Before, But Now Bernie is Literally Standing Out Front
Clinton Slams Comedians for Making Jokes About Her (Demands Their Personal Info). "Hillary Clinton is out to prove she has no sense of humor"
Judge Jeanine: Clinton lied to the public and the FBI
Why Trump's Canned Speech Won't Help Him: "Both rhetorically and substantively, Trump flatlined last night. It is hard to see how this speech, or more speeches like it, will help Trump broaden his appeal."
Poll: Clinton snags 7-point convention bounce
Jane Sanders: Bernie will provide tax returns when Clinton releases transcripts
Clinton Most Admired Woman for Record 20th Time
Salma Hayek: I Denied Trump A Date So He Planted A National Enquirer Story About My Height
WikiLeaks Julian Assange accuses Hillary Clinton of electoral extortion'
Trumps false claim that undocumented immigrants collect Social Security benefits
Does Donald Trump have dementia? 8 troubling signs that deserve a closer look
Hillary Clinton leads Bernie Sanders by 33 points: poll
Jenner: 'Hillary Couldn't Care Less About Women, She Cares About Herself'
Harambe the gorilla stands a better chance of becoming president than Jill Stein
Green Party Nominee Jill Stein: People Aren't Happy With Rigged Economy, System | Power Lunch | CNBC
On Islam, the GOP has lost its mind and forfeited its soul: As a Christian who served in the Bush and Obama administrations, I watched in dismay.
Trump supporter warns of 'civil war' if Clinton...
Longtime Clinton Aide Walks Out of FBI Interview
Clinton outlines LGBT agenda to promote 'full equality'
Clinton says Trump's Mexico visit "not how it works"
Trumps Speeches Are At A Middle-School Reading Level, Study Says
Top Massachusetts Democrats lining up behind Hillary Clinton
Offering Clinton to ones daughter as a model to aspire to  given the former secretary of states long history of lying and recent history of selling the power of her office to enrich herself and her husband  is telling ones daughter that gender trumps decency.
Business owner denies Clinton claim he's a Republican backing Hillary
"Love Trumps Hate": Actress Rosario Dawson on Why She Supports Bernie Sanders for President
Trump crossed a line with donation to Florida AG
Clinton to Trump: 'Delete your account'
Why millennials may never give up on socialism
Deepak Chopra: Trump 'emotionally retarded'
Yet Another Failed Attempt to Discredit Bernie Sanders, Courtesy of the New York Times
Is the media biased against Bernie Sanders?
Mark Cuban slams Donald Trump: Not paying taxes is greedy, not smart
Donald Trump challenges Hillary Clinton to hold a press conference: 'I think it's time'
APs Clinton Victory Story Breaches Journalism Ethics and Public Trust
Ralph Who? Millennials backing 3rd Party Candidates ignorant of Nader votes tipping the 2000 election to Bush (leading to the Iraq War)
Most of the media is ignoring the Trump Foundations shady work. Stephen Colbert isnt.
Donald Trump and the Long History of White Men Claiming Fraud
Donald Trump Isnt Going to Be President 0 Hed have to win unprecedented shares of the very kinds of voters who hate him: blacks, Latinos, and women.
Does Clinton really have 2.5 million more votes than Sanders?
Clinton E-mails: Is the Fix In?
Donald Trump starts the general election trailing Hillary Clinton by a mile
Bernie Sanders: I attacked Hillary Clinton because she attacked me
Did Google adjust its autocomplete algorithm to hide Hillary Clinton's problems?
GOP Official Alleges Bernie Sanders Pressured Bank for Burlington College Loan
Why the Miami debate was Clinton's personal nightmare.
In which I take a second look at Hillary Clinton's paid speeches
Chris Hayes To Susan Sarandon: Your Bernie Support Is Dangerous
Security Logs of Hillary Clintons Email Server Are Said to Show No Evidence of Hacking
Student Debt Helps, Not Harms, the U.S. Economy, White House Says
Susan Sarandon: Trump Might Be Better for America Than Hillary Clinton
Why does Bernie encourage the wage gap myth?
McCain condemns Trump comments
Trump Brags About His Penis Size: 'I Guarantee You There Is No Problem'
Clinton campaign: Bernie Sanders is delaying scheduling New York debate
Conservative group may have broken Fla. law in secret recording of Clinton campaign voter-registration shenanigans
Sarah Silverman Scolds Bernie or Bust
Clinton up 12 points nationwide
Donald Trumps big abortion flip-flop, and how the media should handle it
Ginsburg Says Kaepernick Comment Were 'Inappropriately Dismissive'
Trump, Clinton win Arizona on big night in the West
Under Intense Pressure to Silence Wikileaks, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Proposed Drone Strike on Julian Assange
Bernie Sanderss aides just threw him under the bus
Megathread: AP declares Hillary Clinton has enough delegates to be Democratic nominee
Republicans See Trump as a Racist They Can Work With
Hillary Clinton keeps losing. So how come she's winning?
Porn star Jessica Drake claims Donald Trump offered her $10G, use of his private jet for sex
Jon Stewart on Donald Trump: 'He is a man-baby'
Trump campaign manager charged with battery
Trump is right: Bill Clintons sordid sexual history is fair game
Glenn Beck: If not electing Trump means electing Clinton, 'so be it'
Air Force Chief to Donald Trump: Americas Military Is Not a Disaster
Sanders Crushing Trump in Polls 53 Percent to 38 Percent, Seen as Strongest General Election Candidate
Awkward Timing: Hillary Clinton Featured In New Issue Of Womens Health
Clinton Laments Income Inequality While Wearing $12K Armani Jacket
Did Hillary Clinton lie to Congress about her emails?
Donald Trump states that if abortion were to be made illegal, the doctor would be held accountable for performing one, instead of the woman.
Pence declines to call David Duke 'deplorable'
Welcome to Trumpton: Why billionaire Trump is getting the vote of poverty-stricken Americans
Donald Trump said 34 false things at first presidential debate
Lying is what the Clintons are about.
Coin Toss Backwards, Per Rule 28 - Hillary lost Delegates, Didn't Gain Delegates - Bernie Wins
Donald Trump takes time to congratulate himself after deadliest shooting in US history
Trump to Sanders: Sorry, I don't debate people who don't win
Trump spokeswoman diagnoses Hillary Clinton with dysphasia, despite not being doctor
Ashamed of Trump, Harvard Republican Club wont endorse top GOP nominee for first time since 1888
'Trump is a bully,' says man who rushed stage.
Koch Brothers Now Supporting Hillary Clinton
Narcissist and Agitator: Donald Trump Is One of the Greatest Threats of Our Time
Why is the DNC ignoring national security?
Poll: Trump trails Clinton by double digits
The time Trump called a female Inquirer reporter the worst word possible
Town Rejects Solar Farm, Fearing it Will Kill Plants, Cause Cancer and Suck up All the Suns Energy
Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 2 points nationally: poll
Hillary Clinton coughing episode at Cleveland rally
Trump Left Nothing But Ruins Everywhere Hes Gone
Green Party presidential candidate Dr. Jill Stein joins Alex Witt in Philadelphia where they discuss Steins campaign
Clinton Gains Support From 170 African American Women Leaders
Trump used charity dollars for presidential campaign, report says
Why Can't Hillary Clinton Stop Lying?
Khizr Khan: Trump is 'Without Empathy' - NBC News
Rubio mocks Trump for repeating himself
Libertarians for Trump
Source: Clinton email server logs show no breach
Assange: 'We have more material related to the Hillary Clinton campaign'
Hillary makes a minimum of 225,000 for a speech, But she thinks a 15 dollar minimum wage is to high. Well Hillary it would take a minimum wage worker 15 years to make as much money as you do for a one hour speech to Goldman Sachs
New Poll: Trump Leading Hillary With Hispanic Voters
Donald Trump Answers Questions From Press On Trump Plane 9/5/16
Khizr Khan: Trumps statements proof of his ignorance and arrogance
Tell-All Book from Secret Service Agent Who Protected Hillary Reveals Sickening Behavior of Clinton White House
Hillary Clinton Turned a Stable, Developed Nation Into an ISIS Safe Haven. Thats the Real Benghazi Scandal
Ed Klein: Not the first time Clinton has collapsed
Charity watchdog gives Clinton Foundation high marks
The Big Short is a $28 million campaign ad for Bernie Sanders
Trump makes questionable comments about young girls in 1992 video
Major GOP donors are asking Trump for their money back
Breitbart coordinated with liberal activist and organizer who disrupted GOP primary campaign events
Clinton, Trump are the presumptive nominees. Get used to it.
Chris Matthews blasts Trump; once said Cheney 'created ISIS'
Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton in virtual tie: poll
Sanders scores caucus win over Hillary
Polls: If Bernie Sanders wins nomination, hell crush Donald Trump
Clinton cheating Sanders out of primary win
Moving All Americans Forward: Why I Endorse Bernie Sanders for President
Sanders urges supporters to unify around Clinton
Polling Expert Says Bernie to Win All Upcoming 8 States
A Reminder That Donald Trump Has Offended Pretty Much Everyone During His Campaign
Mexican president compares Trump rhetoric to Hitler and Mussolini
Bernies Revolution Is Too White to Win
DNC Chair: Although She Had to Be Lifted Into That Van, Hillary Clinton Kept Fighting
Bernie Sanders to Oregonians: Drop Off Your Ballots or Im Toast
Donald Trump insists he was assaulted by reporter who charged his campaign manager with assault: She had a pen or something
Clinton: 'I Did Not Put Down Conditions' Before Supporting Obama in 2008
Hillary Clinton scored the endorsement of the Human Rights Campaign on Tuesday, with the LGBT rights group hailing the Democratic candidate as the best choice to advance their message in November.
DNC Email Leak Megathread
Hillary Clinton suffers debilitating coughing fit in Ohio
A Trump speech is just a story starring Trump: Science proves The Donald is a textbook narcissist
George H.W. Bush to vote for Hillary
How Russia Dominates Your Twitter Feed to Promote Lies (And, Trump, Too)
Hillary forgets Benghazi victims: US didnt lose a single person in Libya
Topic Tuesday: Congressional Term Limits
Le Pen: Clinton Most 'Dangerous' US Presidential Candidate for France
Trump denies he claimed climate change is a Chinese hoax. Hes lying.
Hillary Clinton Offers an 'Awesome Gay Agenda': Hillary Clinton today released a comprehensive policy paper on LGBT issues, laying out goals that include passing the Equality Act, ending the use of conversion therapy on minors, protecting the rights of transgender people, and more.
Clinton Email Scandal: Its Time Hillary Suspended Her Campaign
FBI Agents Believe An 'Inside Deal' Protected Hillary Clinton
Tale of Two Charities: Trumps Helps Trump While the Clintons Is the Real Deal.
McCain: Trump defamed Khan, does not represent GOP
Bernie Sanders' latest tweet
Sarah Silverman heckles Sanders supporters: 'You're being ridiculous'
Hillary Clinton: Trumps Business Books All Seem To End At Chapter 11
Trump: 'Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton.'
Donald Trump 'had to ask what a Gold Star family was' after he attacked the Muslim-American parents of the soldier killed in Iraq
Who's Jill Stein? Googlers are asking, and the answer is: Clinton's new problem
Hillary Clinton Coughing Fit Returns in Cincinnati Speech
Clinton surges to 12-point lead in WaPo poll
Tale of the Trump Tape: NBC Has A Lot of Explaining to Do
Trump 'flabbergasted' about Lynch-Clinton private meeting
Hofstra University Provides 'Trigger Warning' for Presidential Debate
Donald Trump: I'll be better for women than Clinton
Poll: Clinton leads Trump by 7 points after convention
No, Bernie Sanders didn't retroactively win Nevada
Role reversal: Trump embraces humility as arrogant Clinton stumbles
"All in for Hillary: John Lewis attacked Bernie Sanders as the Congressional Black Caucus endorsed Clinton - and used the press conference to savage the Vermont senator's civil rights record"
LeBron James: Why I'm endorsing Hillary Clinton
When Hillary collapsed this weekend so did her credibility. Her inability to just be straight with America is what's truly Deplorable
Hilary Clinton's Favorability Rating Soars, Bernie Sanders is Stagnant
Donald Trump's pro-Russian comments still under scrutiny
Russell Simmons endorses Hillary Clinton, says Bernie Sanders 'insensitive' to black voters
Video of Hillary Clinton's speech at Goldman Sachs, 09/23/2014
Hillary Clinton Campaign Raised $37 Million for Primary Bid Last Quarter: It said 94% of its donations in the fourth quarter were for $100 or less, and that more than 60% of its donors were women. Mrs. Clinton also raised $18 million for the Democratic National Committee and state parties.
Topic Tuesday: NATO
Clinton rape accuser blasts 'tasteless' Trump for using her voice in campaign ad
Jill Steins anti-vax game: How and why the Green Party candidate is pandering to the anti-vaccination crowd
Ive always voted Republican. Until now.
Vermonts Black Leaders: We Were Invisible To Bernie Sanders
She has lied about the Benghazi terrorist attack, that she was under sniper attack in fear for her life and much more. She in ingenuous and will say anything to look better. How could anyone want someone so dishonest to lead the nation?
A Confederacy of Dunces: The Democratic Establishments Assault on Sanders Begins
Bernie Sanders' brother: Bill Clinton 'a dreadful president'
Legendary civil-rights leader John Lewis takes a shot at Bernie Sanders: Never saw him'
Caucusing for Clinton at 102 years old
Bernie Sanderss misleading comparison of mortgage rates and student loan interest rates
Trump: murder is at a 45-year high. Actual statistics: thats not remotely true.
Sanders: White people don't know life in a ghetto
Don't Tell Dad I'm Voting for Hillary: Young Women on Sexism in the Family
Trump earns endorsement of 88 retired generals, admirals.
Bernie Sanders May Be Our Last Chance In This Lifetime to Begin Restoring Our Democracy
Que? Donald Trump Leads Hillary Clinton By 10 Points Among Hispanics?
Trump Basically Says he Would Combat Terrorism By Starting a War in Iraq
69-year-old woman punched in the face by man leaving Donald Trump rally
Trump Opens Up 7-Point Lead (48-41) in LA Times/USC Poll
Trump: Hillary probably 'demanded' Lynch meeting
Hillary Clinton for President of the United States
Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders are products of US imperialism's post-Obama stupor. After eight years of bipartisan consensus on nearly every venture of imperialism, from privatization to endless war, Washington's corporate duopoly finds itself in a delicate moment
Fox News Poll: Clinton drops below 50 percent as her lead over Sanders shrinks [National
Every 3 Minutes And 15 Seconds Donald Trump Tells Another Lie
Donald Trump Will Beat Hillary Clinton For The Presidency
There's a name for Trump's brand of politics: neo-fascism
It Turns Out That Millennials Like Hillary Clinton Just Fine
Donald Trumps Factory of Ignorant Black Surrogates
Donald Trump could get the nuclear codes: How anti-intellectualism is killing American democracy
Ben Stein: 'I don't think Trump knows a goddamn thing about economics'
More than 45K sign petition to arrest Bill Clinton
In Praise of a President Who Offered America Eight Dignified Years Free of Sex Scandals
Bernie Sanders: HIs Awakening Of America's Middle-Class
Donald J. Trump Statement Regarding Dallas
Hillary Clinton Strikes Back With a Big Win in Louisiana
Donald Trump will face child rape charges in court, says lawyer for alleged victim
Hillary Clinton Widens Lead Over Donald Trump in Poll
New Poll Reflects a Post-Convention Bounce for Hillary Clinton
Donald Trump Endorsed By The Ku Klux Klan? Nope.
Donald Trump Is a Small Man: In a recent interview with The Washington Posts editorial board, the GOP front-runner struggled with the truthand his insecurities.
A conservative's case for Clinton
I Muted Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton During the Debate. I Still Knew the Score.
Louisiana should give Clinton most of its 51 delegates to extend her lead over Sanders
Donald Trump brags about sex life and admits he 'only stays with his wife for her breasts' in shocking new tapes
Obama Praises 'The Country I Know,' Says Clinton Is The One To Lead It
This Equal Pay Champion Just Endorsed Hillary Clinton
Bernie Sanders Is Currently Winning the Democratic Primary Race, and I'll Prove It to You
Clinton Foundation refiles three years of tax forms
Trump admits Obama was born in U.S., but falsely blames Clinton for starting rumors
Poll: Clinton Support Spikes Following Democratic Convention
At rallies, Hillary Clintons supporters are looking for logic, not passion
Hillary Clinton Endorsed for U.S. President by Boston Globe
Poll: Nearly half of Sanders' millennial supporters would vote third-party
Harper Poll: Clinton 61% Sanders 33%
Clinton Derangement Syndrome Is Alive and Well
Jill Stein Should Be Part of a 4-Way Presidential Debate
Hillary Clintons Wall Street Speeches Have Leaked. No Wonder She Didnt Want Them to Get Out.
Clinton knocks Trump on his heels in first debate
Hillary Clinton cant possibly beat Trump in a race for the White House. Her track record in public office has been horrible. Her candidacy is being weighed down by all sorts of ethical and legal scandals that make her practically unelectable.
In the first major poll after both conventions, Trump's bump has vanished
Reading Between the Lines of Hillary and Bernie's Big Media Battle: "Hillary went trolling with live bait, and Sanders gobbled it right down."
The millennials who support Bernie Sanders have low expectations but high hopes.
Sanders campaign blasts Human Rights Campaign over Clinton support
Why the Donald Trump child rape lawsuit is credible and cant be dismissed
Sanders Campaign Hints That It Might Admit It Cant Win
Bernie has received $203,885 in donations from energy industry employees
What Trump's tax returns could reveal about Russia
Jerry Brown: I say Trump lies  I say Trump is a fraud
The insane risks of Donald Trump's stance on nuclear weapons
Hillary Clinton Distributing Official Woman Card To Supporters - Donate to get your official woman card, the website reads.
Donald Trump falsely claims Hillary Clinton 'wants to abolish the 2nd Amendment'
Half The Country Sees Fascist Undertones In Donald Trumps Campaign: New Survey
Statement On Clinton Foundation CEO Admitting Donors Got Special Treatment At State
After Brexit, support soars for Texas secession movement Texit
WikiLeaks' Julian Assange: Clinton Lied Under Oath About Her Knowledge of Libyan Arms Exports
Trump boots baby from Virginia rally
Fact-checking Clinton's claim she 'never received nor sent any material that was marked classified'
Donald Trump Rallies Are Turning Violent
Hillary Clinton is on wrong side of everything: Stop telling me I have to vote for her because of the Supreme Court; "These justices aren't going anywhere. Hillary's been slow to evolve on everything that matters, and is not for me"
Trump Jumps To Conclusions Minutes After Nice Attack, Says He Would Declare A World War As President.
Hillarys nomination is inevitable: Bernie has fought the good fight, but after Super Tuesday, the numbers just dont add up for him
Attorney General Loretta Lynch defends her 'social' chat with Bill Clinton before Hillary ruling and refuses to comment on facts of investigation  but decided 'some time ago' to rubber-stamp FBI decision
Trump refers to alleged Bill Clinton sexual indiscretions as 'rape'
Proud Democrat Clinton Jabs Sanders on Party Fund-Raising. Clinton made a rare jab at Bernie Sanders for not being a longtime member of the party and for not fundraising for other Democrats.
Former President Bill Clinton kicks off tour for wife Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign: "I do not believe in my lifetime anybody has run for this job at a moment of great importance who was better qualified by knowledge, experience and temperament to do what needs to be done now"
Why Sanders holds potential appeal for Trump voters
How Hillary Clinton is building an army of millennial women supporters: As Democratic frontrunner continues a young-female-focused pop culture blitz, her diverse team intensifies voter strategy to keep campaign wheels turning
No, the Election Isnt Rigged
Sanders: If Youre White You Dont Know What Its Like To Be Poor
Sean Hannitys Defense Of Trump Is Now Beyond Parody: King David Had 500 Concubines For Crying Out Loud
Former KKK Leader Issues His Support for Donald Trump
Bernie Sanders during tonights debate: "When you are white, you dont know what its like to be living in a ghetto, you dont know what its like to be poor."
Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump by 5 points
Mark Cuban insults Trump before backing 'true leader' Hillary Clinton
President Fox Apologizes, Invites Trump to Mexico
Trump refuses to condemn violence at his rallies
Hillary Clinton Expresses Regret for Calling Donald Trump Supporters Deplorables
Hillary Clinton Is Trying Really Hard to Repel Progressives
Donald Trump says he wants to punish women who have abortions, making him just like every other pro-life politician
Superdelegates Are Propping Up Hillary Clinton
Judge Nap: Hillary Should Be More Worried About the FBI Than About Sanders
Hillary Clinton comments on Bernie Sanders supporters in leaked recording
"Voters given Clinton's political money platform without hearing who authored it invariably identified it as a Sanders plan."
Europes Leaders Blast Bill Over Democracy Jibe: The Mouth Belongs To Clinton, The Voice Belongs To Soros
Sanders: White people don't know life in a ghetto
Bernie Sanders: Obama Administration Should Kill The AT&T-Time Warner Deal: Higher Prices & Fewer Choices
Bernie Sanders is trying to single handedly kill AT&T's $85 billion purchase of Time Warner
The Case For A New National Holiday: Election Day
"Riot" Charges Against Amy Goodman Dismissed in Press Freedom Victory
The alcohol industry is bankrolling ads to scare you about legal pot
Amy Goodman Is Facing Prison for Reporting on the Dakota Access Pipeline. That Should Scare Us All.
Barack Obama: America will take the giant leap to Mars
Taco Trucks Are Actually Registering Citizens to Vote in Texas and Arizona
Obama lifts all restrictions on Cuban rum, cigars
The Arrest of Journalists and Filmmakers Covering the Dakota Pipeline Is a Threat to Democracyand the Planet
Americans dont know crime has plummeted. In fact, they think its gone up.
Judge sides with Planned Parenthood over Mississippi abortion law
Former Vice President Al Gore: "I Stand by the Standing Rock Tribe in their Opposition to the Dakota Access Pipeline"
Texas judge officiates same-sex marriage, then quits Republican Party
Republican HQ in Orange County firebombed
Nevada elections chief refuses to accommodate Native Americans who have to drive 200 miles to vote
Bernie Sanders Is Crushing It, Raising Millions to Flip the Senate and Promising to Oppose Clinton if Necessary
Bernie Sanders taps his donor network to raise nearly $2 million in two days for House, Senate contenders
Bernie Sanders is the most popular politician in America
Trump calls for drug test before debate
A 90-Year-Old Woman Whos Voted Since 1948 Was Disenfranchised by Wisconsins Voter-ID Law
Paul Ryan: If Republicans Lose the Senate, Bernie Sanders Wins
Cruz: GOP may block Supreme Court nominees indefinitely
A City Clerk Opposed an Early-Voting Site at UWGreen Bay Because Students Lean More Toward the Democrats
Sanders: Trump's taxes prove system rigged
Poll: Ken Bone leads Jill Stein in Florida
CNN severs ties with Donna Brazile
Americans shouldn't pay more for drugs than Canadians, says Bernie Sanders
Paul Ryan attacked Bernie Sanders. It backfired spectacularly.
FBI Obtains Warrant for Newly Discovered Emails in Clinton Probe  as Reid Accuses Comey of Hatch Act Violation
Warren Buffett to Trump: 'I have paid federal income tax every year since 1944'
Bernie Sanders demands to know why leukemia drug costs $200,000 a year  leading to fall in stock price
Mike Pence Tells Wrongfully Convicted Man He Won't Act On Pardon Request
Obama calls for paid sick leave
Indiana officials are trying to block almost 45,000 black citizens from voting
North Carolina governor and wife shunned by friends over anti-LGBT law
Buffett Just Released His Own Tax Data to Hammer Trump
Bernie Sanders: If my supporters 'take a hard look' at what Gary Johnson stands for, they won't vote for him
McCain vows permanent gridlock on Supreme Court appointments
Trump wanted to put Bill Clintons accusers in his family box. Debate officials said no.
You Knew Who Trump Was When You Endorsed Him, Republican Leaders
Donald Trump Makes History With Zero Major Newspaper Endorsements
Bernie Sanders: The Democratic primary gave me 'leverage I intend to use' to pressure Hillary Clinton
Al Gore: 'Consider me exhibit A' for why each vote matters
Sanders Calls on President to Intervene in Dakota Access Pipeline Dispute
DiCaprio: Climate change deniers shouldn't hold public office
Voter Suppression Is a Much Bigger Problem Than Voter Fraud
FAA Says North Dakota Cops Commited Felony by Shooting Down DAPL Protester Drones
Gov. Christie To Get Criminal Summons For Possible Official Misconduct: Report
Trump has 2-point edge in new Florida poll
Kansas Gov. Sam Brownbacks trickle-down economics experiment is so bad the state stopped reporting on it
Ryan cuts Trump from Wisconsin event
Rudy Giuliani Says He Didnt See Hillary at Ground Zero. Here Are Photos of Them There Together.
White armed occupiers were acquitted. Native American activists were tear gassed.
Schwarzenegger urges Republicans to vote country over party, dump Trump
Senate Democrats Want An Update From Comey No Later Than Monday.
Sanders is prepared to be a liberal thorn in Clintons side
Donald Trumps campaign has spent more on hats than on polling
Trump threatens to sue over 'nasty' campaign ads
Christie's approval rating hits an all-time low
Arnold Schwarzenegger: 'I will not vote for the Republican candidate for president'
Chris Christie Is Over
Obama approval hits new high
Giuliani Says Trump Is Better for the US 'Than a Woman'
Trump hosts surprise panel with Bill Clinton's accusers
The New York Timess Response to Donald Trumps Retraction Letter
Trump says he'll sue sexual misconduct accusers
Christianity Today  the flagship Evangelical magazine in America  denounces Trump
In Praise of a President Who Offered America Eight Dignified Years Free of Sex Scandals
Poll: 60% of Republicans believe illegal immigrants vote; 43% believe people vote using dead peoples names
NYC Audit Finds No Donald Trump Donations for 9/11 in Months After Attacks
Bernie Sanders just called out a drug company for jacking up the price of its leukemia drug  and the shares are tanking
A Democrat-led crowdfunding campaign raised $13,000 to rebuild the bombed GOP office in North Carolina
Des Moines Woman Says She Voted Twice For Trump Because "The Polls Are Rigged"
The Democrats are likely to win a majority of House votes, but not a majority of House seats. Again.
The Apprentice producers under pressure to release unaired Trump footage
Megathread: FBI reopens investigation into Clinton emails
First Congressman To Unendorse Donald Trump After Sexual Assault Comments Re-Endorses
Trump blasts those who take the Fifth, but he used it 97 times on adultery questions
Group accuses Mike Pence of voter suppression after state police raid registration program in Indiana
Rush Limbaugh hints the left is too strict about consensual sex
Trump threatens to attack Clintons if more damaging tapes of him go public
GoFundMe Campaign Will Pay Legal Fees of Anyone Leaking New Trump Tapes
Wikileaks Appears To Release Hillary Clinton's Paid Speech Transcripts
Ted Cruz tweets then deletes warning of mandatory sex changes if Clinton wins
Trump Says He'll Imprison Clinton's Lawyers, Too
Priebus, Conway cancel Sunday shows appearances
Donald Trump Jr: Women who can't 'handle' harassment 'dont belong in the workforce'
Make-up artist who sued Donald Trump in 1997 harassment case says p---y grabbing is exactly what he did to me
Lil Jon Confirms Report That Trump Nicknamed Him 'Uncle Tom' on 'Celebrity Apprentice'
Utahs Top Mormons in All-Out Revolt Against Donald Trump
The RNC accidentally put up its Mike Pence won the debate post early
Obama, the nerd in chief, unveils $300 million for science
'Wouldn't it be nice if we attacked first?': Donald Trump floats military strategy ideas
'Apprentice' producer: There are 'far worse' tapes of Trump
It's illegal to intimidate voters, in case you were wondering
Ryan to House lawmakers: I 'won't defend Trump'
Sean Hannitys Defense Of Trump Is Now Beyond Parody: King David Had 500 Concubines For Crying Out Loud
GOP congressman on Clinton: 'A lady needs to be told when she's being nasty'
Despite 2001 Promise, Donald Trump Made No 9/11 Donations in Year After Attack, Audit Finds
Trumps greatest service to America may be ending Paul Ryans career
Trump: murder is at a 45-year high. Actual statistics: thats not remotely true.
Sanders Says Clinton Comments in Leaked Audio 'Absolutely Correct'
Trump: 'Forget the press, read the internet'
John McCains Grand Obstructionist Party: His comments reveal the GOPs tired gameplan for a Hillary Clinton administration  obstruct at all costs
Donald Trump on Twitter: 'The shackles have been taken off me'
Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio officially charged with criminal contempt
Donald Trump tells supporters to vote on November 28
White House: Comey not trying to influence election
Breitbart escalates war on Paul Ryan
Chris Wallace delivers sterling performance as debate moderator
Trump: I'll accept election results  if I win
Glenn Beck: If not electing Trump means electing Clinton, 'so be it'
Wow: Joe Biden passionately Calls Out Donald Trump on His PTSD Comments, Shares Story of Son Beau
Discount Tire Boycott Movement Grows as Owner Donates $1M to Keep Marijuana a Felony
McCain: GOPers Will Unite To Block Any Clinton SCOTUS Nominee
Jeb Bush: 'No apology can excuse away Donald Trump's reprehensible comments'
Donald Trump says voter fraud is rampant in Texas  where his party oversees the system
Trump's Tax Records Show He May Have Understated His Salary by Millions to the IRS
Report: Melania refused to do joint TV appearance with Trump after tape scandal
Joe Biden Says Trump Is Too 'Stupid' to Understand 'Damage He's Done'
Donald Trump's attorney: Trump's sexual assault accusers 'aren't even women he'd be attracted to'
Trump's Business Credit Score Is 19 Out Of A Possible 100
74% of Republican Voters Want Party to Stand by Trump
George Takei mocks 'blue collar' Trump: Yeah, and 'I'm a ladies man'
Donald Trump Barred Campaign From Researching His Past
Im with stupid: The entire 2016 election has been an insult to our intelligence
WikiLeaks: Ecuador cut off Julian Assange's internet
Trump mistakes C-section for abortion
Flashback: Donald Trump Called Bill Clinton's Accusers 'Terrible' and 'Unattractive' and Former President 'Terrific'
The New York Times used 2 full pages to print all of Donald Trump's insults from the campaign
In rebuke of Gov. Rick Scott, judge grants voter registration extension
Tom Hanks on Donald Trump's lewd comments: 'I'm offended as a man, I'm not offended as a husband or a father'
Trump On First 100 Days: I Will Sue Liars Who Accused Me Of Assault
Wisconsin Official Refused Voting Locations Near Schools Because 'Students Lean Democratic'
Nearly 40% of Consumers Say They Will Shun Trump Businesses
Mike Pence co-sponsored legislation that limited the definition of rape
WSJ Finds Pattern Of Trump Donating To State AGs Examining His Biz Empire
New York Times: We didnt damage Donald Trumps reputation. It was garbage anyway.
Trump used charity dollars for presidential campaign, report says
Trump says his insulting remarks towards women were for entertainment
Trump: 'I don't believe the polls anymore'
Nearly one-third of all Republican senators now say they wont support Trump
Cuban: Paying taxes 'most patriotic thing you can do as wealthy person'
Obama Roasts Rubio: You Call Trump A 'Con Artist' But You'll Vote For Him?
Donald Trump, who said 37 false things on Monday, calls fact checkers scum
Trump's refusal to accept intelligence briefing on Russia stuns experts
McCain: Whoever Loses The Election Has 'A Duty To Concede'
In a tirade against renewables, Trump claims wind power kills all the birds
Donald Trump audio leak dominates the news... except on Fox News
North Carolina slashed their early voting hours and now this is what the lines look like
FBI's Comey opposed naming Russians, citing election timing
Megathread - Trump Foundation ordered to stop fundraising in NY
Trump explains why the First Amendment has too much protection for free speech
Donald Trump claims he has never met Vladimir Putin. He has.
Clinton is right: Trump tax plan gives more to rich than Bush tax cuts
Major GOP donors are asking Trump for their money back
The Debate Audience Literally Laughed When Donald Trump Said He Respects Women
Trump in 2013: We must 'leave borders behind' because future of US 'depends on a cohesive global economy'
Unreleased footage from the 'Apprentice' allegedly has Trump saying the N-word
Undocumented immigrants pay more taxes than Trump
Trump booster Alex Jones: Im not anti-Semitic, but Jews run an evil conspiracy
The George W. Bush White House Lost 22 Million Emails
Donald Trump Never Paid For Ryan Whites HIV Treatment, His Mom Says
Poll: Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump by 14 points nationally
Trump: I didnt sexually assault a People magazine reporter, because look at her
Trump calls Clinton 'such a nasty woman'
Confirmed: Michelle Obama is the most popular person on Americas political stage
Donald Trumps infrastructure plan costs 10 times more than the Obama plan Republicans voted against
Eric Trump Used An If Only Men Voted Map To Convince Supporters His Dad Has Momentum
Tim Kaine correctly notes Richard Nixon released tax returns despite audit
Almost half of Arizona residents think border wall a 'waste of money'
Trump: 'We should just cancel the election and just give it to Trump'
Schmidt: Trump has Exposed 'Intellectual Rot' of Republican Party
Trump Boasted of Avoiding STDs While Dating: Vaginas Are Landmines  It Was My Personal Vietnam
The Apprentice Microphone Guy Says Trump Repeatedly Called Him A Fucking Monkey
Lil Jon Says He Asked Trump to Stop Calling Him 'Uncle Tom' During 'Celebrity Apprentice'
Turns Out Donald Trump Attacked Woman Who Accused Him of Sexual Assault. This Year.
Trump: Islamic State may take over U.S. if Clinton wins
Obama: GOP Claims To Be Party Of Family Values, Then Nominates Trump
Kasich: I told you so
Homophobic Trump Supporters Attack Anderson Cooper With Gay Slurs After Debate
Anderson Cooper told Trump That is sexual assault. The Justice Department agrees.
Hillary Clinton correctly claims that Trump Tower was in part built by undocumented workers
Bernie Sanders to campaign in Boulder for Amendment 69, the statewide universal healthcare proposal
Sheriff Joe Arpaio headed for big loss in Arizona, poll shows
Trump: Ryan won't be Speaker if I win WH
Trump in 1989 Central Park Five interview: "Maybe hate is what we need"
Sheriff Joe Arpaio, Accused of Targeting Latinos, Is Charged With Contempt
Trump Accuser Jill Harth Reacts To His Groping Comments: 'How Can People Not Believe Me Now?'
Republicans made Trump a political star. They don't deserve sympathy now.
Trump: 'I'll Keep You in Suspense' About Accepting Election Outcome
David Brock: I will pay for 'Apprentice' tapes
Trump Said Women Get Abortions Days Before Birth. Doctors Say They Dont.
RNC Cuts Off Trump Money, Redirects Funds Down-Ballott
Sanders calls Trump a 'political coward' over voter suppression report
Paul Ryan Rejects Donald Trump's Claims of 'Rigged' Election
U.S. Economy Posts Best Growth in 2 years
The Trump Brand Is So Toxic That His Company Is Now Planning Hotels Without His Name on It
Trump on porn actress who accused him of misconduct: 'Oh, I'm sure she's never been grabbed before'
Where's the 'substantial evidence' Trump promised would disprove his accusers?
Gloria Allred press conference on Donald Trump
Trump Tax Plan Gives 47% Of Cuts To Richest 1%, New Analysis Finds
Newsweek: Trump Appears To Be Reading Literal Russian Propaganda On The Campaign Trail
The Obama economy has now created 15 million jobs
I'm one of the Central Park Five. Donald Trump won't leave me alone.
Pence denies 'insult-driven' campaign claims, Trump tweets insults
Trump used his foundation to fund guerrilla filmmaker James OKeefe
Donald Trump cancels "Hannity" interview
Obama admits to laughing at Trump during debates
Donald Trump Once Sued A Miss USA Contestant For Saying Pageant Was Rigged
The New York Times risked legal trouble to publish Donald Trumps tax return
Donald Trump: More women come forward alleging they were sexually assaulted by Republican candidate
Mike Pence's Defining Moment As Governor? Enabling An HIV Outbreak
Donald Trump Just Called Hillary Clinton the Devil and Threatened to Prosecute Her
Mike Pence cant believe Tim Kaine would insult Donald Trump by quoting him
Clinton: We cannot put 'climate denier' in White House
Sheriff openly calls for riots as Trump says election is rigged
Breitbart coordinated with liberal activist and organizer who disrupted GOP primary campaign events
Salma Hayek: I Denied Trump A Date So He Planted A National Enquirer Story About My Height
No, ICE Didnt Actually Endorse Donald Trump
Donald Trump thinks SNL is rigging the election and should be canceled
Baby boomers have been a disaster for America, and Trump is their biggest mistake yet
Teen Beauty Queens Say Trump Walked In On Them Changing
Debate Fact Check: Yes, Trump Did Reportedly Use His Foundations Money to Settle Legal Matters
Donald Trump just said he may not accept the results of the election
A million Ohio voters didnt get absentee ballot mailing
In 2012, Donald Trump tried to expose himself to attorney Gloria Allred, then questioned her gender identity
Bill Clinton: Im a white southerner  I know what Make America Great Again means
Donald Trump Says Central Park Five Are Guilty, Despite DNA Evidence
Guccifer 2.0 Posts Alleged Clinton Foundation Files
Trump in 2008: Hillary Clinton will 'go down down at a minimum as a great senator'
Trump Looking At Young Girls: "I'm Going To Be Dating Her In 10 Years"
Mounting evidence that Trump engaged in illegal tax scams
Not 'locker room' talk: Athletes push back on Trump remark
Obama Signs Bill Guaranteeing New Rights For Rape Victims
Kasich: GOP must evolve or it will die
When 2016 is over, the GOP will pretend Donald Trump never existed
Louis C.K. on the Time He Met the Real Trump: A Miserable, Money-Grubbing Narcissist
Mike "Christian Sharia" Pence is Scarier than Donald Trump
This is the last spastic breath from the Religious Right before its overdue death
George W. Bush's daughter attends Clinton fundraiser in Paris
Trump on Lindsay Lohan in 2004: 'Deeply troubled' women are 'always the best in bed'
Trump Leads Clinton By 1 Point Going Into Debate - IBD/TIPP Poll
Trump says he doesn't know accuser, but months ago he said he did
No, Trump, Canadians do not flee en masse for US health care
Eight Alabama counties still refuse to issue marriage licenses despite gay marriage ruling
Presidential debate: Audience urged to stop laughing when Donald Trump says he respects women
Trump Suggests That Soldiers Who Suffer From PTSD Arent Strong
Donald Trump breaks with his running mate, Mike Pence, on Syria policy
Get Ready to Ignore Donald Trump Starting on November 9, or Hell Never Go Away
72 percent of voters say Donald Trump is no role model: Poll
One of the Central Park Five wants Donald Trump to apologize for saying he should be executed
Less than 12 Hours Post-Debate: Clinton Uses Pence's Debate Words Against Him In Stunning New Ad
Trump crowd calls for jailing People magazine writer
No, Donald Trump, abortions do not happen at 9 months pregnant
Trump took $17 million for hurricane damage that staff, officials, do not recall
Trump makes questionable comments about young girls in 1992 video
Paul Ryan: A GOP Senate Loss Means Sanders Becomes Budget Chair
Donald Trump Jr.s joke about Aurora theater shooting sparks anger in Colorado
Trumps defense: He was only a misogynist the first 69 years of his life
Two Women Say Donald Trump Touched Them Inappropriately
Donald Trump rally crowd breaks out into 'Paul Ryan sucks' chant
Clinton says Muslims have been in America since George Washington
The 'Blacks for Trump' Guy Is a Former Cult Member Who Thinks Obama Is the Devil
Republicans tell Trump to quit claiming rigged election
Lawsuit accusing Trump of raping girl, 13, gets December hearing
Donald Trump made 37 false claims in final debate
Trump Is Wrong, Little Haiti Goes for Hillary 19 to 1
Trump Knows Nothing About Russia, He Just Repeats Their Propaganda
Sandy Hook Dad Mark Barden: Disgusting That Trump Advised by Truther Alex Jones
Donald Trumps Campaign Has Become a Cult
Donald Trump, man who interrupted Hillary Clinton 51 times during debate, slams Tim Kaine for doing the same to Mike Pence
Donald Trumps Charity Scandal Is About to Spread Nationwide
Porn star Jessica Drake claims Donald Trump offered her $10G, use of his private jet for sex
Donald Trump just retweeted Juanita Broaddrick calling Bill Clinton a rapist. All bets are now off.
Colin Powell: Im Voting for Hillary Clinton
Donald Trump faces foreign donor fundraising scandal
Eric Trump: 'Locker room banter' common among 'alpha personalities'
Donald Trump Finally Went There and Called Hillary Clinton Ugly
Trump Foundation Paid Activist Filmmaker James O'Keefe
Trump Used Foundation Funds for 2016 Run, Filings Suggest
Clinton hits Trump: 'What kind of genius loses a billion dollars?'
Trump: My tax plan would grow the economy. Tax Policy Center: No, it would shrink it by 4%.
Trump booed at Al Smith dinner
Trump backers realize theyve been played as WikiLeaks fails to deliver October surprise
Clinton emails: FBI director ignored Attorney General's advice not to 'take action that could influence election'
Contrary to what Trump claims, none of his accusers has been proven to be lying
How dare you, Donald Trump  my baby was 'ripped out of my womb' because I was going to die
Mike Pence Isnt Qualified to Be President, Either
Michelle Obama rips 'disgraceful, intolerable' Trump
Muslim boy, 7, beaten onboard school bus in North Carolina because of Donald Trumps hateful rhetoric: father
Trump's organization did business with Iranian bank later linked to terrorism
#RepealThe19th: Donald Trump supporters tweet new anthem after Nate Silvers poll shows hed win if only men voted
Trump Apparently Quotes Russian Propaganda To Slam Clinton On Benghazi
Trump Foundation Paid Activist Filmmaker James O'Keefe
Donald Trump Has Long Blasted Others for Not Paying Taxes
McCain on not supporting Trump: Women 'cannot be degraded and demeaned'
'You just did it again': NBC hosts grill Mike Pence for 7 minutes over dodging debate questions
Former Miss Arizona: Trump just came strolling right in on naked contestants
Republican Women Are Unendorsing Trump Twice As Fast As Men Are
White woman holds "Blacks for Trump" sign at Florida rally
Donald Trump Walks Out of Interview After Being Questioned on Racism
Donald Trump Got a Tax Break For Stiffing Contractors
Megathread: Donald Trump leaked comments from 2005 re:women
Donald Trump somehow managed to lose a charity dinner to Hillary Clinton
Former RNC Chairman Michael Steele won't back Trump
Libertarian presidential nominee Gary Johnson couldn't name the leader of North Korea
Trump's Campaign Is 'Pulling Out of Virginia'
True: Trumps plan would significantly raise taxes on the middle class
Trump refuses to say he will accept election results
Source: Trump attempted boardroom kiss
Mike Pence says Clinton-Kaine is an "insult-driven" campaign as Trump tweets insults
Clinton to nation: let's bury Trump under landslide
Poll: After bombshell video, 63 percent say Trump doesn't respect women
Paul Ryan Fully Confident Election Will Be Carried Out Fairly, Spokesperson Says
Warren Buffett Gave Away 75% Of Donald Trump's Net Worth In 2015, Offers Facts On Taxes
After Trump calls him out in debate, Warren Buffett says he's paid federal income taxes every year since 1944
#NextFakeTrumpVictim Is Why Sexual-Assault Survivors Dont Come Forward
A Republican asks: Aren't we morally obliged to stand up to Trump?
Condi Rice responds to report Trump called her a 'bitch' in 2006 : 'Can't wait until November 9!'
Another Trump Son Appears On Program With Ties To White Nationalist
Michelle Obama just delivered what might have been a defining moment of the presidential campaign
Clinton: I was monitoring Osama raid as Trump hosted Celebrity Apprentice
Bernie Sanders: If his staffs email were hacked, thered surely be some unkind things about Clinton
Poll: Most Americans think Donald Trump is a raging jackass
North Carolina lost out on a $250 million business expansion because of its 'bathroom law'
Donald Trumps real business genius was being bailed out by Daddy: How Trump blew through $50 million before 35
Trump raised $0 for RNC in October
George W. Bush officials come out against Trump in open letter
Trump now trailing in every major national poll
A new tool from the Clinton campaign randomly picks a year and compares what she and Trump were doing
Former Miss Teen USA: I was warned Trump didn't like black people
Donald Trump will face child rape charges in court, says lawyer for alleged victim
Why we shouldnt forgive the Republicans who sold their souls
Donald Trumps backers have been reduced to suggesting groping may not be sexual assault
USW 'furious' after report Trump bought Chinese steel
Donald Trump isn't the most dangerous man on the ticket: Mike Pence is
In a loss for ExxonMobil, NY Supreme Court orders oil giant to produce climate documents
Mark Cuban: There's a 'stigma' attached to Trump's brand. It's 'done'
Apprentice Cast Alleges Donald Trump Repeatedly Demeaned Female Contestants
Democrats: RNC violating anti-voter intimidation agreement
Former Dow Jones CEO: 'The GOP have nominated a sociopath'
Trump walks out on two Ohio television interviews
Al Smith dinner: Trump is booed for saying Clinton hates Catholics at a charity dinner with New Yorks cardinal
Physically Attacked by Donald Trump  A People Writers Own Harrowing Story
Donald Trump Hates Alec Baldwin's Portrayal Of Him On 'SNL'
I'm Zephyr Teachout, Bernie-endorsed candidate for Congress in one of the tightest races in the country. AMA!
Bill de Blasio on Donald Trump: 'We've seen this before. This is what fascists do'
NY Gov. Cuomo: 'If You Stand With Trump, You Stand Against Women'
Trump Jr. Suggested Women Who Can't Take Harassment Dont Belong In The Workforce"
Donald Trump and his businesses have been sued for sexual harassment at least 20 times
Trump vows to unite America under one God
No, Hillary Clinton did not lose $6 billion at the State Department
Trump campaign manager stumped in interview
Think Trump Is Scary? Check Out Mike Pence On The Issues.
Early voting lines are so long, people are fainting. That harms democracy
Stop right there: assuming a Hillary Clinton victory is downright dangerous
Dealing with death threats after a Clinton endorsement: Arizona Republic
Alex Jones: If Trump Loses, A World War Will Kill One Third Of The World's Population
Study: Bots accounted for a third of all pro-Trump Twitter activity during the debate
Giuliani: 'I would have to be a moron' to say some cities won't rig election
Ex-Apprentice Contestant: Trump Was Thrusting His Genitals at Me
'It's surreal': is a Democratic uprising afoot deep in the heart of Texas?
Someone Was Actually Arrested For In-Person Voter Fraud. She's A Trump Supporter.
Donald Trump is refusing to pay his campaign pollster nearly three-quarters of a million dollars
In early Utah turnout, a third more Democrats than expected have voted
The First Question at Tonights Debate Should Be: Will You Accept the Results of the Election?
Mark Cuban: I 'don't have any doubt' about the allegations against Trump because 'I know' a victim
Obama: Trump's rigged election claim 'whining before the game's even over'
Trump Isnt Just Having a Bad Week. Hes Being Exposed
CNN Panel Laughs When Trump Backer Says No Evidence To Call Him Racist (Video)
Snoop Dogg invites debate celebrity Ken Bone to get high
Biden: No interest in serving in Clinton's Cabinet
Donald Trump and Ivana's divorce papers claim he was 'cruel and inhuman'
Poll: After Trump Tape Revelation, Clinton's Lead Up to Double Digits
Donald Trump jokes that its okay for his supporters to commit voter fraud
In emotional new ad, Khizr Khan asks if his fallen son would have a place in Trump's America
Trump promised proof hes innocent of sexual assault. He delivered an insult to our intelligence.
Trump Wrongly Claims Allegations Of Groping Against Have Been Debunked
Romney: "It Will Be Very Difficult" For Party "To Be Put Back Together Again"
Trump's Views on Science Are Shockingly Ignorant
Pence says debate moderator mischaracterized him by reading the exact words he said
Mike Pence just laid bare his awkward reality with Donald Trump: "A source close to Trump camp told me Pence and his team are 'absolutely apoplectic,' 'melting down' and 'inconsolable.'"
Remember When Mike Pence Said Smoking Doesnt Kill?
People Who Oppose Gay Marriage Are Less Likely To Value Expert Opinion
CNNs President Says It Was A Mistake To Air So Many Trump Rallies And Let Them Run
Biden Says Trump Comments Show 'Instinctive Abuse of Power'
Republicans are learning that Hillary Clinton was right about 'deplorables'
Donald Trump Doubles Down on Insensitive Remarks About the Khan Family
Reminder: the vast majority of Republican politicians are still on the Trump train
Ex-chess champ Kasparov: Russia 'absolutely' trying to elect Trump
Here's the Racist, Jaw-Dropping Moment that Ended Republican Sen. Mark Kirk's Chances at Reelection
Pence Nebraska Fundraiser Canceled for "lack of interest in the donor community"
Reporter kicked out of Trump meeting for asking about groping allegations
Clinton eyes Biden for secretary of state
Rush Limbaugh Thinks Hurricanes Are Part Of A Left-Wing Conspiracy
Lawyers are offering to defend Trumps sexual assault accusers for free
Maine Governor: Advocates Should Be Jailed for Supporting Minimum-Wage Hike
Trump slams Michelle Obama: 'All she wants to do is campaign'
Ex-Trump exec on assault allegations: 'I do believe it'
Stop it with the Clinton coronation. Trump can still win
Black voters sue North Carolina over last-minute purges
President Obama Blasts Republicans: Theyve Been Feeding Their Base All Kinds of Crazy
President Obama says GOP 'stood by' while Donald Trump happened
Michelle Obama to Trump: 'You do not keep American democracy in suspense'
Election Update: Trump May Depress Republican Turnout, Spelling Disaster For The GOP
Donald Trump brags about sex life and admits he 'only stays with his wife for her breasts' in shocking new tapes
A majority of Donald Trump supporters think everything has been terrible since the 1950s
Trump supporters are already promising to intimidate nonwhite voters on Election Day
Democrats just filed a federal lawsuit accusing the Republican National Committee of voter intimidation
Angry Trump Declares War On GOP
Americans overwhelmingly support abortion rights
Patagonia joins list of companies like GM, Spotify giving staff the day off for election
That Bucket Of Losers Clinton Speech Transcript Is Totally Fake
Trump sides with Putin over U.S. intelligence
North Carolina just lost out on another 730 jobs because of its anti-LGBT law
Glenn Beck: I didnt do everything I could have to stop Trump
White privilege wages jihad: Kansas militia members arent considered terrorists because theyre not Muslim
Democrat ex-Army captain becomes an unlikely challenger in Missouri Senate race thanks to video ad in which he assembles an AR-15 blindfolded in just 32 seconds
How do we respond to threats after our endorsement? This is how
Clinton: If not paying taxes makes (Trump) smart, what does that make the rest of us?
Ivana Trump says she alone raised The Donald's kids
Armed Trump Supporters Protest Outside Virginia Dem's Campaign Office
If the election is really rigged, 33 states are rigged by Republicans
Trump Called This Woman A Liar. Then 6 Witnesses Corroborated Her Story.
Trumps Claim of $916 Million Loss Shows Hes a Genius: Rudy Giuliani
Bill OReilly to Donald Trump: Stop whining
The Left Deserves Better Than Jill Stein
A third of pro-Trump tweets are generated by bots
Hillary Clinton Attends Rally At Gay Nightclub In Wilton Manors, Florida: Were Going To End Conversion Therapy
Donald Trump Is Fat. Yet, Hes Always Fat-Shaming Women
False: Ted Cruz claim that Hillary Clinton backs 'unlimited abortion' to moment of birth
'He appears not to understand basic military activities': Experts blast Trump for his comments on Mosul operation
Support for Legal Marijuana Use Up to 60% in U.S.
Texas looks like a battleground as Clinton pulls within 3 points of Trump: Poll
At Wash U ahead of debate, College Republicans display a sign: 'We are afraid of Trump, too'
Trump used $286K in charity money to build his political brand, according to report
Former rep: 'If Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket'
Mike Pence: A Trump-Pence Administration Will Defund Planned Parenthood
Clinton calls Trump's aggressive sex talk 'horrific'
Megathread II: FBI / Clinton Emails
Obama Was Right About Republican Extremism All Along
Trump cant just be defeated. He must be humiliated.
Trumps inner circle knows he has lost
Woman says Trump reached under her skirt and groped her in early 1990s
Donald Trump has close financial ties to Dakota Access pipeline company
Megathread 2: Donald Trump Leaked Video and Campaign Statement; GOP Statements
Trump threatens to sue New York Times over groping story
Trump: Warren Buffet avoids taxes like me. Buffet: Nope, and here's my taxes to prove it.
Frenzied Donald Trump Supporters Are Turning On The Media -- And It's Getting Scary
People Reveals 6 Witnesses Who Corroborate Natasha Stoynoffs Story of Being Attacked by Donald Trump
Lecherous and worthless': Megachurch pastor from Trumps own evangelical council denounces him
Mike Pence's Foreign Policy Response to 11-Year-Old Girl Goes Viral
Hillarys campaign HQ evacuated after suspicious substance found in letter
Paul Ryan Burns Final Shred Of Dignity, Will Campaign With Trump
Barack Obama is taking sweet revenge on the Republicans who made his presidency hell
Hillary Clinton would beat Donald Trump in every country polled except Russia, poll finds
Donald Trump is toying with refusing to concede if he loses. Thats horrifying.
Donald Trump Would Allegedly Walk In On Beauty Pageant Contestants While They Were Naked
Trump Withheld Alimony From Marla Maples When She Threatened His Presidential Ambitions
Donald Trump Is Apparently Suing the 'New York Times', Which Will Go Horribly For Him
Donald Trump 'grabbed me and went for the lips', says ninth accuser
In Greensboro, Obama says Trump has disqualified himself for job at 7-Eleven
Donald Trump on sexual assault accuser: believe me, she would not be my first choice
FBI Making Inquiry Into Ex-Trump Campaign Manager's Foreign Ties
Oops! Trump Mistook a Black Supporter at His Rally for a Protester and Called Him a Thug
Trump tells supporters to vote twice to fight voter fraud
Women Are Boycotting Ivanka Trumps Fashion Line  and the Stores That Sell It
Theres no longer any way for Republicans to boot Donald Trump from the ballot
A Federal Judge Orders The Child Rape Case Against Donald Trump To Move Forward
Donald Trump didn't face a single debate question about climate change during his candidacy
Trump ramps up attack on Paul Ryan for 'zero support'
Yes, theres a rigged election: The one that ensures a Republican House majority
John McCain: Republicans will block anyone Clinton names to the Supreme Court
Trump Just Embarrassed America In Front Of The Entire World Again
Inside Trump Tower, an Increasingly Upset and Alone Donald Trump
Wisconsin Is Systematically Failing to Provide the Photo IDs Required to Vote in November
As bookings continue to plummet, Trump hotels are losing the popular vote
Fact check: Donald Trump made 33 false claims at second debate
Trump is now selling 'Jail Hillary' shirts
Trump: 'Too much is being made' about what I said in the debate
Donald Trumps no concession stand: He and his hate-filled followers will not accept a Clinton victory and thats when things get truly chilling
Donald Trump promised to release a list of his creditors. We're still waiting.
Donald Trump campaigner boasted of 'suppressing' African American and 'suburban mum' voters
Poll: Clinton up 4 points over Trump in Arizona
Michelle Obama has dragged this US election out of the gutter
Conway: I Told Trump His Off-Script Rants Make Him Sound Like He Expects A Loss
Pence Didnt Get a Single Question on His Extremist Anti-LGBTQ Beliefs. What a Shame.
James Comey Broke with Loretta Lynch and Justice Department Tradition
New Accuser Comes Forward With Story Of Being Grabbed By Trump At US Open
Donald Trump's Pants on Fire claim of 'large scale voter fraud'
Oops: Pro-Trump Super PAC Publishes Donor Credit Card Numbers
McMullin responds to Trump: while you were harassing women I was fighting terrorists
Trump's campaign manager: 'No, I do not believe' there will be widespread voter fraud
The press always got booed at Trump rallies. But now the aggression is menacing.
Donald Trump is backing off his signature build the wall campaign promise
Hillary Clinton seeks to 'decapitate' Donald Trump campaign in historic bid to take Texas for the Democrats
Glenn Beck calls out Mike Pence for denying Donald Trump's comments at debate: 'Wow, really?!?!?!'
Bernie Sanders: First, beat Donald Trump; then implement most progressive agenda in U.S. history
McCain walks back pledge to block Clinton Supreme Court nominee
Gary Johnson Has Been A Champion Of Private Prisons Throughout His Career
Poll: 72% of Mich. voters want Trump to release taxes
Fox News anchor doxxes woman who accused Trump of groping her
How Donald Trump Ditched U.S. Steel Workers in Favor of China
Dear Mr. Putin, I am not Sidney Blumenthal
Trump: 'We should just cancel the election'
Top Hispanic Republican in Texas says he will vote for Clinton
Producer Says There's Footage of Donald Trump Using the N-Word
It's All But Official: Donald Trump Won't Release His Tax Returns
Report: Trump Is Mad at Pence for Being Better Than Him at Debating
MSNBC Confirms Trump's Video Interview Claiming Relationship To Putin Is Real
Megathread 3: Donald Trump Leaked Video & Statement; GOP/RNC Reactions incl. defunding of Victory Project, cancelled events, and unendorsements
City Controller Scott Stringer investigation reveals Donald Trump may have repeatedly lied about giving money to 9/11 charities
Trump Has Used the Past Two Days of His Presidential Campaign to Promote Hotels
Poll: Clinton leads Trump by 48 points among millennials
Donald Trump Jr. says women who cant handle sexual harassment dont belong in the workforce: Go teach kindergarten
Audio Recordings Reveal False Information Spread by Wisconsin DMV on States Voter ID Law
Almost 70 Percent of Republicans Say Clinton Could Only Win by Cheating
RNC declares Pence winner of VP debate -- hours before start
Anti-intellectualism is at the heart of the Trump/Pence campaign strategy
Trump Son: Dad 'Started the Conversation' About Obama Birthplace
Mark Kirk Makes Racist Dig at Tammy Duckworth During Illinois Senate Debate
11th Trump accuser to come forward on Saturday
Young voters seem to mistakenly think Donald Trump would be tough on Wall Street
Donald Trump's brand is now a total disaster
While Donald Trump talks of a rigged election, Mike Pence may suppress the votes of nearly 50,000 African-Americans
Vote House Republicans out
Donald Trump is the white boomers last gasp  believe it or not, the future looks brighter
Trump just body shamed the first female presidential candidate in history
Model says she fled Trump's White House correspondents' table over 'vulgar' comments
Trump livid over new groping claims, threatens "all out war"
Evan McMullin fires back: 'What does the Republican Party stand for anymore?'
The NY Times Reporter Who Received Some Trump Tax Docs Claims A Lot More Reporting Is Yet To Come
Hillary Clinton opens up a commanding 11-point lead over Donald Trump
Pence urges audience to ignore 'whatever is in the news'
Trump booted a black man from his rally and called him a "thug." Turns out he is a supporter.
GOP States Keep Ignoring Court Orders to Restore Voting Rights
'Far worse' comments? Pressure grows on TV execs to release unedited 'Apprentice' tapes
Clinton video ties Trump to conspiracy theorist Alex Jones
Trump tax plan would increase national debt by $7.2 trillion, while Clinton would hike taxes on top 1%, analyses show
People Are Sharing A Fake Hillary Clinton Speech Transcript
Mark Cuban Rips Trumps $916M in Losses: How the F*ck Do You Do That?
Top RNC official: I dont know if grabbing someones genitals is sexual assault
Trump aide: 'We have three major voter suppression operations under way'
Environmental group: Vote for Clinton, not Stein
New Ohio poll puts Hillary Clinton ahead of Donald Trump by 9 points after news of Trump's vulgar talk
Former Toronto Star journalist accuses Donald Trump of sexual assault
US presidential debate: World media hails Clinton as winner
1,000 Christian Women Ignore Male Leaders, Slam Trump
Prominent Donald Trump supporter says left-wing people care too much about sexual consent
In droves, men abandon Trump
Clintons Ohio rally sets attendance record
That's 4 straight debates without a single question on climate change. Good job, everyone.
Trump national political director 'steps back' from campaign
Nasty woman" becomes the feminist rallying cry Hillary Clinton needed
White House warns Trump not to attack Michelle Obama
Kaine on Trump: The bigger we can win by, the harder it is for him to whine
Not even Trump's Reddit army could swing the third debate in his favor
Around 15 people showed up to Curt Schillings Trump rally on Saturday
Donald Trump Is Completely Obsessed With Revenge
Giulianis daughter is for Clinton
Fact Check: Yes, Trump's Iraq War claim has been debunked
Ask Trump about nuclear weapons in debate before it's too late
I'm from Atlantic City. I've seen how Donald Trump's false promises devastate a community.
Donald Trump in 1994: I tell my friends to "be rougher" with their wives
Rumor Mill Reaches Fever Pitch: Pence Asking to Leave the Ticket
Donald Trump 'had to ask what a Gold Star family was' after he attacked the Muslim-American parents of the soldier killed in Iraq
Poll: 86% of Voters Believe Paying Taxes Is a Civic Duty
Poll: Clinton 12 points ahead of Trump in Virginia
Poll: white people whove never moved away from their hometowns prefer Trump
Hillary Clinton projected to win Arizona, according to FiveThirtyEight
Donna Brazile Out at CNN, Network 'Completely Uncomfortable' With Clinton Campaign Interactions
Clinton: I Dont Care If Trump Goes After Me, I Signed Up For This
Donald Trump's companies destroyed or hid documents in defiance of court orders
"A Trump presidency would be a threat to animals everywhere: The Humane Society endorsed Hillary Clinton
Flip-Flop? Three Years Ago, Trump Advocated Open Borders
Donald Trump Seems To Question, Yet Again, Whether Obama Is A Legitimate President
Trump advisers went to strip club night before last debate
Yes, there is evidence Trump does business with Russians
Trump Loyalists Planned Voter Intimidation Using Fake ID Badges, Fake Exit Polling  Until HuffPost Asked Them About It
All of Mike Pence's Awful Positions on Women's Rights
GOP Mailer: Well Tell Your Neighbors If You Vote Democratic
Clinton Probably Finished Off Trump Last Night
Was a Trump Server Communicating With Russia?
Hillary Clinton Says She Doubts Trump 'Has Ever Read The Constitution'
Dear Donald Trump: I'm an OB-GYN. There are no 9-month abortions.
Megathread: US officially accuses Russia for DNC hacks
Donald Trump Kept Calling Lil Jon an Uncle Tom, Celebrity Apprentice Staffers Say
Trump: Why Isn't Any Woman Making Accusations Against Obama?
Trump supporter charged with voting twice in Iowa
Former nuclear launch officers sign letter: Trump should not have his finger on the button
Chicago 'hits back,' strips Trump of honorary street designation
The Atlantic endorses Hillary Clinton
Trumps voter intimidation squads could face a year in prison
There Are Transcripts Of Trumps Unaired Moments On The Apprentice. We Got One.
Donald Trump Accused Of Raping 13-Year-Old Girl: Lawsuit From Casey Anthony Attorney Allowed In Federal Court
Air Force Chief to Donald Trump: Americas Military Is Not a Disaster
Kansas House leader calls Hitlers words profound in Facebook post
Donald Trump Mocks NFL Concussion Rules: "Oh, You Got a Little Ding on the Head"
Trump's Attorney Doubles Down On Trump's "Too Ugly to Molest" Defense
Donald Trump threatens to sue New York Times over sexual harassment report
Trump is wrong: Hillary Clinton did not laugh about the rape of a 12-year-old
Poll: 8-in-10 Trump backers say paying taxes is 'civic duty'
Sorry, Donald and Rudy, most men don't talk like that
FBI director James Comey says Donald Trump has it flipped; Petraeus case was worse than Clinton's
Trump Gears Up To Blame Election Loss On Paul Ryan, GOP Leaders
Trump goes after 'foul-mouthed' John McCain
Trump: 'Of course' I used $1 billion loss to avoid federal income taxes
Indiana Gov. Mike Pence signed a law this year that mandated funerals for fetuses
Watch: New Hillary Clinton ad demolishes every Mike Pence lie from vice presidential debate
Column: The claim that if wages go up, jobs will go down is not a theory -- it's a scam
Sanders: Trump tax bombshell is evidence of inequality
'Stakes Are Getting Higher': 83 People Arrested, Maced in North Dakota
Clinton's Greatest Debate Accomplishment Was Ignoring Trump as He Lurked Behind Her
Miss Washington 2013 claims Donald Trump groped her, invited her to hotel room
Former aide testifies Gov. Christie knew about bridge closures weeks before they started
Mark Cuban is coming back to troll Trump at the third debate: 'Can't wait to give a big hug to my bestie'
Trump Shows His Inner Dictator
Poll: Clinton retakes 11-point lead over Trump in Michigan
Billionaire Richard Branson rips Donald Trump as 'unfit for office' in scathing blog post endorsing Hillary Clinton
Biden on Trump: 'He's not a bad man, but his ignorance is so profound'
Sanders: Despite Clinton's Wall Street speeches, I support Dem platform
President Obama to Announce 'Record High' High School Graduation Rate
Donald Trumps threat to imprison Hillary Clinton is a threat to democracy
Hispanics cringe over Mike Pence's 'Mexican thing' remark at VP debate
Trump continues to blast Central Park Five long after they were exonerated: 'They admitted they were guilty'
Howard Stern on Donald Trump, Locker Room Talk: I've Never Heard a Guy Say 'Grab Them by the P--sy'
The Times recommends: Hillary Clinton, the only choice for president
After failing to seduce Nancy ODell, Trump reportedly tried to have her fired
Trump: I'll Teach Military Expert 'a Couple of Things' About Mosul
Jerry Springer: Trump belongs on my show
There are five living U.S. presidents. None of them support Donald Trump.
After 2016, will everyone please admit that Republicans are more extreme than Democrats?
Voter Fraud Is Very Rare In American Elections
Half of likely U.S. voters say they are concerned about violence on Election Day
Trump Said Clinton Laughed at Rape Victim. She Didn't
Making a killing under Obamacare: The ACA gets blamed for rising premiums, while insurance companies are reaping massive profits
New York Times to Donald Trump: We won't retract
Sanders: My emails would be just as bad about Clinton
Condi Rice: 'Enough' With Trump
Married Donald Trump Kept Proposing to Celebrity Apprentice and Playboy Model Brande Roderick
Utahs Salt Lake Tribune endorses Hillary Clinton
LA Dodgers Player Refused Teams Trump Hotel Reservation
A Veteran Spy Has Given the FBI Information Alleging a Russian Operation to Cultivate Donald Trump
Libertarian VP Candidate Admits Defeat, Tells Voters To Pick Clinton Over Trump
For Republicans Abandoning Donald Trump, Obama Has a Message: Too Late
Hillary Clinton wins third presidential debate, according to CNN / ORC poll
Dear Donald Trump: I played in the NFL. Heres what we really talk about in the locker room.
Trump accuser Summer Zervos fights back with new witness
Sorry, "deplorables": Being called Racist doesn't mean you're being oppressed.
Newt Gingrichs fight with Megyn Kelly reveals a gross, twisted logic about sexual assault
Trump Nailed With FBI Voter Suppression Complaint By Democratic Coalition
Pence is wrong: Syrian refugees didnt commit the Paris attacks
The Yale Record Does Not Endorse Hillary Clinton
Florida spirals away from Trump
Hillary Clinton beats Melania Trump to the punch by launching $500m anti-bullying campaign
Donald Trump Finds Worst Possible Character Witness To Dispute Assault Allegations
Rudy Giuliani Now Cant Remember Standing Next To Hillary Clinton After 9/11
Marco Rubio warns against cheering on WikiLeaks revelations: Tomorrow it could be us
Wharton Students and Faculty Disavow Trump
A conservative radio host calls it quits over Trump: do I really want to be part of this?"
Poll: Clinton now holds 11-point national lead over Trump
Sanders tweet causes drug company to lose $400M in a day
After the Trump tape, calls to rape hotlines spike.
Donald Trump super pac solicited money from fake Chinese donor, offered to whisper into Trumps ear
Donald Trump Foundation's largest donation was for refurbishment of a fountain outside one of his own hotels
There's a new sign Trump's post-election plan is to start his own TV network
Donald Trumps no good, very bad week: Economic genius revealed as tax scammer who lost $916 million in a boom market
Trump: Sure, I Deliberately Burst in on Naked Beauty Contestants
Peter Thiel, who gave $1.25m to Trump, has called date rape 'belated regret'
Trump: 'It is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support'
Trump Jr. joked about Aurora shooting, Arab stereotypes, overweight people in shock-jock interviews
Trump Repeats Lie That Many Sexual Assault Accusations Against Him Were Debunked
Trumps real debate goal was to publicly humiliate Clinton. He failed miserably.
Peak Trump madness: With a month to go, Donald Trumps supporters descend into conspiracy-theory insanity
Trump aide makes apparent threat against Megyn Kelly after on-air tiff
Trump brags of endorsements that never happened
A newly surfaced video shows Donald Trump grabbing and kissing a former Miss Universe onstage
Trump: Press 'refusing to report' I'm winning
Watch Donald Trump Praise The Clintons To The Heavens In Uncovered Tape
Rudy Giuliani: 'Everybody' commits infidelity
Bernie Sanders Doesnt Mince Words In Reaction To Trump Tape At Philly Rally
Trump On Groping Allegations: 'I Didn't Even Apologize To My Wife!'
Whatever Is Actually In Trumps Tax Returns Is Worse Than What The New York Times Says
A Fifth Teen Beauty Queen Says Trump Visited Dressing Room
Logcabin Republicans Refuse to Endorse Trump Because He Is "Surrounded" by Anti-LGBT Advisers
Obama ratchets up fight to unseat Rubio
New poll: Trump lead shrinks in Texas, within margin of error
Former congressman says he will literally engage in armed rebellion if Trump loses
Central Park Five member absolutely considering suing Trump
Trump attacks 'puppet' Evan McMullin: 'The guy takes votes away from me'
Chris Christie is screwed.
Trump is a self-celebrating 'sexual predator,' says Canada's first female prime minister
Former Miss Finland tells about her meeting with Donald Trump: He squeezed my butt
Donald Trump Just Disagreed With Mike Pence on Syria: We 'Haven't Spoken'
Analysis: Trump May Have Had the Worst Week in Presidential Campaign History
CNN reporter Sara Murray: Donald Trump supporters keyed my car, cut truck cables
Mike Pence Used State Police To Suppress Voter Registration In Indiana, Advocacy Group Claims
A generation of GOP stars stands diminished: Everything Trump touches dies
Donald Trump mistook a black supporter for a protester and called him a thug
Donald Trump lies at debate about his 'sex tape' tweet on former beauty queen
Trump vows to take on Chinese steel, but then buys it
Conway refuses to answer whether Trump walked in on teen beauty queens
How large is the Secret Hillary Club? Red-state women may be defying their Trump-loving husbands
Clinton's Former Prosecutor Endorses Her for President
Trump Campaign Threatens To Sue NY Times For Sharing His 1995 Tax Returns
Decent Men Do Not Demean Women: Michelle Obama
Born Before Suffrage, 98-Year-Old Woman Casts Vote for Clinton
A Union Is Building A Wall Of Taco Trucks Outside Trump's Las Vegas Hotel
Kaine delivers entire speech in Spanish at Miami church
Pence: 'I don't understand the basis' of Michelle Obama's claims
South Korean Adopted At Age 3 Is To Be Deported Nearly 40 Years Later
Trump to Floridians: If you don't vote for me, I'll be very angry with you
Elizabeth Warren Warns Democrats Not To Cave On Corporate Tax Reform
Trump.tv redirects to anti-Trump message
Donald Trump is blaming animals representing Hillary for the GOP office firebombing.
The right says Hillary Clinton is responsible for her husband. Why isnt Melania Trump?
Unable to control himself, Trump confirms everyones worst fears
Meeting Donald Trump was a mistake, Mexican president Enrique Pea Nieto admits
Kellyanne Conway walks away from TV interview while trying to explain Trumps refusal to accept election results
LeBron James: Why I'm endorsing Hillary Clinton
No, Eric Trump, 14 percent of noncitizens are not registered to vote
NY Times Still Waiting on Trumps Lawsuit
Trump to Clinton: 'Such a nasty woman'
Donald Trump tried to kiss a little girl at his rally and it was creepy
One nation, under no god: Atheists, more than any religion, have been excluded from the election
Trump Tax Attorney: 'He Didn't Understand the Code'
Donald Trump Talks Family, Women In Unearthed Transcript: "When I Come Home and Dinner's Not Ready, I Go Through the Roof"
Donald Trump Jr. on lewd 2005 tape: 'I've had conversations like that with plenty of people'
Violence against Hillary Clinton becomes a theme at Trump rallies
Kaine calls Trump a desperate loser
Clinton Child Tax Credit Proposal Would Help 14 Million Families, Raise 1.5 Million People out of Poverty
Over a Third of Trump Supporters Follow White Nationalists on Twitter, Research Finds
Poll: Clintons lead in Florida rises
Donald Trump's own lawyer called him a liar in 1992 deposition.
Ex-Miss Finland: Trump groped me
Report accuses Trump super-PAC of agreeing to hide prohibited foreign donations
Trump attacks Ryan on Twitter ahead of Wis. rally
American Bar Association to publish controversial report on Trump being a libel bully
Poll Finds Young Americans More Open to Socialist Ideas
Donald Trump, the Worst of America
Creationism in Texas Could Go Extinct on Election Day
Trump halts big-money fundraising, cutting off cash to the party
'We're Dying Like Flies': Sick, Retired Coal Miners Betrayed by GOP Senators
'Bowl of Skittles' photographer sues Trump for Copyright Infringement
John Kasich skewers Donald Trump's "silly" rigged election claims
Melania Trump Compares Donald to Teenage Boy on CNN
Howard Stern on Trump's misogynistic talk: 'This is who Trump is'
Republicans are distancing themselves from Donald Trump as his candidacy seems to be threatened
'Cut her mic' moment left me flabbergasted
Woman Who Claims Trump Raped Her When She Was 13 Has Released Video. Here's What She Had to Say...
Ex-CIA Director: Hannity a True Propagandist
Trump supporter arrested after punching person at Clinton event
Election Law Expert Says Trump Is Using Racism to Incite Voter Intimidation
Trump: Campaign will be the greatest waste of time, money and energy if I lose
Ivanka Trump: Dad's comments 'clearly inappropriate and offensive'
Obama to GOP: You built Trump
As Donald Trump derides sexual-assault accusers, gruesome details of rape allegation surface
Economists: A Trump win would tank the markets
If Donald Trump loses, his supporters plan to blame women.
Donald Trump Called Deaf Apprentice Marlee Matlin Retarded, Three Staffers Say
Tim Kaine: Democrats Will Nuke Filibuster For Supreme Court Nominees If GOP Won't Cooperate
Conway: 'It's not for me to take away a grown man's Twitter account'
A Member Of The Central Park Five Wants To Come To The Final Debate
Sanders warns Clinton: Don't rush to compromise with GOP.
James OKeefe quietly employs convicted felon who tried to blackmail David Letterman
Has Donald Trump destroyed his brand, and his business? GOP nominee stands to lose more than the election
Trump's Lawyer: We Met With Him In Pairs To Avoid Lies
Trumps new justification for attacking the Clintons: Michelle Obama started it!
Trump national political director Jim Murphy leaves campaign less than 20 days before election
Trump Threatens To Sue His Female Accusers
Trump calls for drug test ahead of next debate, says Clinton was 'pumped up'
Trump retreats into 'Fox News bubble'
Trump offered me $10k to spend the night with him, says porn star: Adult actress claims The Donald propositioned her after inviting her and two other women to his penthouse suite
The Latest Subject Of A James OKeefe Sting Wants The Full Videos Released
McCain Vows Supreme Court Blockade Will Continue Through Clintons Presidency
Why is Trump rooting against U.S. troops in Mosul?
Donald Trumps closing argument: I only grab attractive p**sies.
Mark Kirks racist attack on Tammy Duckworths patriotism is all too familiar to people of color
70 Nobel Laureates Endorse Hillary Clinton
President floats Obamacare fixes and offers to let GOP rename it
NFL players rip Donald Trump for his take on concussions
Christie Under Criminal Investigation
Finance professor: 'There is good reason few economists have endorsed Trump's economic plan'
Extremist militias recruiting in fear of Clinton winning election, activists say
Donald Trump supporter in Iowa arrested for voter fraud
Of Course: Conservatives Attack Debate Moderators as Trump Loses Big in Polls
Clinton: Trump 'choked' with Mexican president on border wall
Melania Trump Says Reporter Who Was Target of Anti-Semitic Attacks Provoked Them
Clinton has double-digit lead in new national poll
Cable News Is Becoming Civic Poison
Give America what it deserves: Make election day a holiday
Donald Trump is setting a time bomb for racial violence on election day
Military Expert Responds To Trump: 'Can't Wait' To Hear What You Teach Me
Fuming Behind the Scenes, the Republican Jewish Coalition Effectively Dumps Trump
Documentarian Ken Burns Warns Donald Trump's Rise Is Hitler-esque
Gloria Allred Says More Women Are Contacting Her About Trump Misconduct
Donald Trump has been making disturbing comments about young girls for years
Trump Totally Loses It After NYT Tax Scoop: Rambles About Movies, Tells Supporters to "Watch" Voters in "Certain Areas"
Donald Trump stuns experts by refusing to accept intelligence on Russia
Former People magazine writer says Trump assaulted her
New records suggest Donald Trump misled the public about his income
Hillary Clinton condemns 'highly disturbing' plot to car bomb building home to Somali Muslim immigrants
Scandal! WikiLeaks reveals Hillary Clinton to be . . . reasonable.
Donald Trump believes the United States can get $1 trillion in new roads  for free
Clinton: Trump 'used undocumented workers' to build new luxury hotel
Trump: I'll run America like my business; Clinton: Let's not
Republicans Are Inventing Clinton Scandals to Save Their Shattered Party
Trump helps Putin  and all dictators  when he calls U.S. elections rigged.
Trumps ridiculous claim that he won every poll on the second presidential debate
Trump Would Jail Clinton? There's a Name for That
Director Tom Ford says 'Trump is proof America has dumbed down'
Donald Trump Used Legally Dubious Method to Avoid Paying Taxes
Poll: Clinton Maintains 50-Point Lead Among Latinos
There's a new silent majority, and it's voting for Hillary Clinton
Michigan Republicans Cancel Election Night Party
Clinton up 6 in Politico/Morning Consult national poll
'Vote online' hoax started life on pro-Trump message board
Donald Trumps Energy Adviser Doesnt Know How Electricity Works
Donald Trump to claim Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim behind NYT sex assault stories: WSJ
Trump says illegal immigrants pouring across the border to vote
Poll: Clinton up 10 on Trump nationally
Trump's Pants on Fire about his early-morning tweet on Alicia Machado
Robert De Niro Wants to Punch Donald Trump in the Face
First set of debate questions will be about lewd Trump tape; Clinton to answer first
Trump denies polling nosedive
Trump told Howard Stern it's OK to call Ivanka a 'piece of a--'
Donald Trump may not even win Georgia now, because thats how well his campaign is going
Gary Johnsons poll collapse is happening, as predicted
Bernie Sanders: A yes vote on Proposition 61 will send a strong message to Big Pharma and Washington
Early ballots and voter-registration numbers show Democrats surging in Florida
Paul Ryan wont defend or campaign for Trump ahead of election
Opponents of rooftop solar caught on tape praising deceptive measures to pass Florida initiative
Megyn Kelly proved Trump supporters are living on another planet
Inside Donald Trump's Total Meltdown
The Internet Didnt Like Donald Trumps Pre-Debate Stunt
Its the Republicans who rig elections, Donald: The GOP history of voter suppression goes way back
Donald Trump: Hillary Clinton 'personally ordered' Donald Duck to stalk me
The Trump Campaign Is Allegedly Dodging $767k Polling Bill
Donald Trump did a practice town hall last night. It didnt go well.
Surprise, Surprise, Donald Trumps Supporters Are Trying To Rig The Election
Clinton spokeswoman: Trump campaign overtaken by Breitbart and Infowars
This Wasnt a Debate. This Was a National Gaslighting.
James OKeefes latest video appears to have violated state wiretapping laws
Donald Trump Tweets 'We Are Winning' 1 Day After Campaign Manager Says 'We Are Behind'
Trump calls for congressional term limits
New York Times to Trump: You Have No Reputation to Ruin, Anyway
Donald Trump spews incorrect facts about late-term abortion during final debate
Bernie Sanders in Flagstaff: Arizona is a 'battleground state'
San Antonio officers to be disciplined for wearing Trump hats
Witness Steps Forward to Back Up Trump Accuser
We've seen Donald Trump before - his name was Silvio Berlusconi.
Trump explains how to pronounce 'Nevada,' Nevadans correct him
Poll: Clinton up 9 on Trump in Pa.
Obama Slams 'Willfully Negligent' Senate GOP As New SCOTUS Term Opens
Indiana Gov. Mike Pence signed a law this year that mandated funerals for fetuses
Trump says Hillary Clinton is too tough on Putin
Clinton nearly doubles lead over Trump in latest CNBC survey
Clinton Camp Preparing for Possibility Trump Won't Concede
Mike Pence Ditches Donald Trump, Starts His 2020 Run at VP Debate
CBS: Hillary Clinton tells supporters the race isnt over, despite Trump trouble
Trump spokeswoman says supporters could ignore down-ballot races
Post-debate poll: Clinton 49%, Trump 39%
Citing 'obscene' disenfranchisement, federal judge hands Democrats another Florida court victory
FBI Director Jim Comey Knew The Risks With His Clinton Letter. Trump Just Showed Them.
Paul Ryan just officially broke up with Donald Trump
The Second Debate Probably Didnt Help Trump, And He Needed Help
Wisconsin voting clerk didnt want to open campus early-voting site because more Democrats would vote
Gov. Whitman (R): Why Clinton is the only choice for president
GOP Reportedly Tries to Intimidate Voters With These Creepy Mailers
I Hadn't Been Called a Kike Since Fourth Grade. Donald Trump Changed All That
Clinton campaign says Comey letter violates Justice Department protocols
The GOPs biggest fear appears to be coming true: Independents ditching Donald Trump
Documentary Filmmaker Faces Up to 45 Years in Prison for Covering Pipeline Protest
Donald Trump Would Raise Taxes On Single Parents. How Despicable.
Reporter: Russia, Trump falsely attributed my words
Poll: Clinton leads Trump by 7 in Virginia
The ugly history of Luegenpresse, a Nazi slur shouted at a Trump rally
NH poll: Dem challenger pulls ahead of Ayotte
Ricky Gervais: Donald Trump's presidential campaign is 'a joke that got out of hand'
Donald Trump is failing at basically everything right now. This poll proves it.
Clinton: We know 'the difference between leadership and dictatorship'
Trump campaign manager squabbles with Anderson Cooper over polls
Drudge, Limbaugh Fall for Twitter Joke About Postal Worker Destroying Trump Ballots
Poll: 41 percent of voters say election could be stolen from Trump
Donald Trump has run the worst campaign in modern history
Pence repeats false claim on Clinton Foundation's limited charitable work
Kansas Ends Bad Economic News by Not Reporting It
Gerrymandering helped Republicans take control of Congress, but now it's tearing them apart over Trump
Reagan's Son: 'My Father Would Be So Embarrassed' By Trump's Event With Bill Clinton's Accusers
Clinton maintains double-digit (51% vs. 36%) lead over Trump
Kaine: Trump 'swinging at every phantom of his own imagination'
Poll: Clinton has double-digit lead in Colorado
Mark Burnett, Apprentice Producer, Denounces Trump
George Clinton: Vote Hillary because Trump is not funky
Michael Reagan: Nancy would vote for Hillary Clinton
Democracy Now! reporter Amy Goodman charged with 'rioting' after filming attack on Native American protesters
RNC Nevada chair: If Trump doesn't win, I resign
Donald Trump would be the oldest and fattest US President in over 100 years if he's elected
Top Democrats Call on FBI to Investigate Trump Ties to Russia Over Hacking
GOP senators slam Trump for refusing to say he'll honor election results
Trump's company cuts off old Scottish couples' water, she has to collect it in a wheel barrow five years later.
Fox News poll shows drop in Trump supporters' enthusiasm
Clinton's new enemy: Complacency
New email dump reveals that Hillary Clinton is honest and boring
Tough truth: Voting third party helps Trump
Women Form Human Chain Outside Trump Tower: 'Pussy Came To Shut It Down!'
F.B.I. has not yet read Abedin emails, but Trump lets his imagination run wild
Trump's new problem: He's becoming a bore
Hillary Clinton Doll With Noose Held Aloft at Trump Rally
Hillary Clinton has 32 offices open in Arizona. Donald Trump doesnt.
Russell Simmons Reveals Trump Said 'Racist,' 'Anti-Semitic' Things To Him
Hillary Clintons three debate performances left the Trump campaign in ruins
The Alt-Right Has Adopted An Old Nazi Term For Reporters
Megyn Kelly is right about Trump's fear of 'unsafe spaces'
Trump in 2014: I dont like to analyze myself because I might not like what I see
Lawyers Vow to Watch Trump's Poll Watchers on Election Day
Trump appears to suggest veterans with PTSD are not 'strong'
Julian Assange's partisanship will bring down WikiLeaks with him
Donald Trump -- Tried Firing Nancy O'Dell in 2007 ... Too Pregnant to Host Miss USA
Donald Trump supporters use Nazi term to abuse journalists
Trump boasts about his philanthropy. But his giving falls short of his words.
Paul Ryan Could Be Ousted In 4 Weeks, Lame Duck Would Be In Chaos
Clinton goes after Trump's ties with alt-right conspiracy theorist Alex Jones in scathing new ad
Trump says he may meet with Putin before start of his administration
A Whole Lot Of People Thought Trumps Debate Performance Was A Disaster
Clinton releases 4 TV ads featuring GOP voters shredding Trump
The Donald Trump Pictures "I was threatened by Team Trump not to publish this."
Donald Trump, Slipping in Polls, Warns of Stolen Election
U.S. civil rights groups to fan out on Nov. 8 to fight voter intimidation
Texas May Owe Abortion Providers' Lawyers $4.5 Million
WikiLeaks releases transcripts of Clinton Goldman Sachs speeches
Republican Woman Quits Party in Viral Twitter Rant About Sexism
Pelosi to Trump: Bill Clinton not on ballot
Dems sue GOP over Trump's 'rigged' complaints
Head of Iowa women's GOP group quits over Trump
Latino voter registration sees big surge in Georgia
Athletes take issue with Donald Trump over 'locker room talk'
Ex-Trump aides tied to firm that tried to expand Russias spying efforts
Richard Branson: Trump vowed to destroy 5 people who refused to help him
Thanks to Trump, we can better understand how Hitler was possible
Trump Businesses Down by More Than 16 Percent in September
6 people went on the record to back up a reporter who says Trump assaulted her
McCain: I may write-in Lindsey Graham for president
Trump Refuses to Say He Will Accept Election Results
Obama Tells Trump: Stop Whining and Trying to Discredit the Election
Conway: Man who shouted 'Jew-S-A' is 'deplorable'
Donald Trump's Abortion Policies Would Kill Women
Donald Trumps equal-time whine: Despite speaking more than Hillary Clinton, the GOP nominee complained about the clock
Trump gives $33,000 in October, falling short of $100M boast
Group of nearly 80 evangelical leaders publish letter condemning Trump
White House on Republican Turmoil: You Reap What You Sow
2016 Presidential Race - Second Presidential Post-Debate Megathread
Turmoil reigns inside Trump Tower
Yeah, Christie Probably Knew About Bridgegate As It Unfolded
Donald Trump Is Ending His Campaign the Way It Started: as a Publicity Stunt
Woman accuses Donald Trump of groping her at 1998 tennis tournament
Gingrich: 'Little Trump is frankly pathetic'
Trust Us, You Don't Want A Mike Pence Presidency
Vice presidential debate: Mike Pence rejects idea of insult-driven campaign while Trump tweets insults
Trump Supporters Are Pissed They Got Trolled By WikiLeaks
Pants on Fire! Trump says Clinton would let 650 million people into the U.S., in one week
Pence Says Trump Didn't Say Those Insults. He Did.
George Takei: An Open Letter to Americas Young Voters
Is Donald Trump actually under audit?
Giuliani: Democrats commit election fraud because they "control the inner-cities"
Trumps campaign manager touts his five point plan to defeat Islam
Mike Pence says its inarguable that Putin is a stronger leader than Obama
Dozens Of Former Federal Prosecutors Sign Open Letter Criticizing James Comey
Reagan's Son Turns On Trump For Saying Clinton Not 'Loyal' To Her Husband
Campaign manager: Trump would be willing to do another debate
Ivanka Trump: I expect my father to concede if he loses
"He grabbed me": Woman alleges Trump groped her exactly as described on tape
Glenn Beck: Standing against Trump is 'moral, ethical choice'
The Man Providing Trump's Alibi Has A Long History In UK Political Sex Scandals
GOP senators: We could work with Hillary Clinton
Trump, companies accused of mistreating women in at least 20 lawsuits
Senator Rob Portman pulls Trump endorsement
Donald Trump's campaign appears to be slipping into death spiral
The New Yorker Will Endorse Hillary Clinton, Wishes She Had 'A Worthy Opponent'
Trumps misogyny foreshadows the ugly backlash that will hit Clinton if she wins
Donald Trump Blasts Politically Correct Military for Accepting Transgender Soldiers
Salman Rushdie points out that Donald Trump is facing child rape and racketeering trials
She accused Trump of sexual assault. Lou Dobbs tweeted her phone number.
Donald Trumps town hall debate nightmare: He cant relate to real Americans, wont have temper for real questions
Trump Supporters Vandalize Openly Gay Candidates Home With 'Death Threat'
GOP Senator: 'Nobody Really Believes' That Next Prez Should Get SCOTUS Pick
Trump running out of time as controversies pile up
Pussy Riots Nadya Tolokno: Julian Assange Is Connected with the Russian Government
Poll: Many Americans do not think Donald Trump was born into wealth
Donald Trump says losing to Evan McMullin in Utah would be 'devasating,' likely cost him election
Judge Jeanine: Comey's Announcement 'Disgraces and Politicizes the FBI'
Trump Attacks His Accusers in His Most Extreme, Angry, and Unhinged Speech Yet
Report connects Trump organization server to Russian bank
Donald Trumps own company has had enough of Donald Trump
Midnight Sun: New Poll Shows Trump-Clinton Tied In Alaska
Trump said Ryan should pay price for disloyalty: report
100,000 new Florida voters when judge rebukes Scotts 'poppycock'
Hi Reddit, I am Maria Teresa Kumar, Emmy-nominated contributor with MSNBC and founder of Voto Latino. Ask me anything!
Thanks to Trump, we can better understand how Hitler was possible
New email dump reveals that Hillary Clinton is honest and boring
Donald Trump's companies destroyed or hid documents in defiance of court orders
A Veteran Spy Has Given the FBI Information Alleging a Russian Operation to Cultivate Donald Trump
Polling Megathread [10/28 -10/30
Our Opinion: Hillary Clinton for president
There are five living U.S. presidents. None of them support Donald Trump.
Friday Fun Off-Topic Megathread
Polling Megathread [10/16
Topic Tuesday: The Keystone XL Pipeline
How the Media Manufactured Hatred of Hillary Clinton
People Reveals 6 Witnesses Who Corroborate Natasha Stoynoffs Story of Being Attacked by Donald Trump
Comey Lied: FBI Synced Weiner Laptop Under Misused Terror Warrant
Over a Third of Trump Supporters Follow White Nationalists on Twitter, Research Finds
Study: Bots accounted for a third of all pro-Trump Twitter activity during the debate
Polling Megathread [10/17
It's All But Official: Donald Trump Won't Release His Tax Returns
Vote House Republicans out
Trump Is Running Some Really Insecure Email Servers
Reminder: The pretrial date for Donald Trumps child rape case is December 16
No, 'Emailgate' Is Not Worse Than Watergate
MSNBC Confirms Trump's Video Interview Claiming Relationship To Putin Is Real
A third of pro-Trump tweets are generated by bots
Megathread: Donald Trump leaked comments from 2005 re:women
Was a Trump Server Communicating With Russia?
/r/politics Town Hall: State Ballot Measures about Gun Laws (CA, ME, NV, WA)
Someone Was Actually Arrested For In-Person Voter Fraud. She's A Trump Supporter.
Women Are Boycotting Ivanka Trumps Fashion Line  and the Stores That Sell It
Bernie Sanderss millennial diehards are finally #WithHer.
Donald Trump just said he may not accept the results of the election
Reid: FBI has 'explosive information' about Trump, Russia
Oops! Trump Mistook a Black Supporter at His Rally for a Protester and Called Him a Thug
Trump Suggests That Soldiers Who Suffer From PTSD Arent Strong
Donald Trumps threat to imprison Hillary Clinton is a threat to democracy
No, Trump, Canadians do not flee en masse for US health care
Donald Trump has run the worst campaign in modern history
Bravo, Ecuador, for unplugging Assange
Scandal! WikiLeaks reveals Hillary Clinton to be . . . reasonable.
Leaked emails show what Clinton told executives in private
James OKeefes latest video appears to have violated state wiretapping laws
Stop right there: assuming a Hillary Clinton victory is downright dangerous
Donald Trump lost the first presidential debate. And then... this happened.
A newly surfaced video shows Donald Trump grabbing and kissing a former Miss Universe onstage
My name is Kenneth Preston, Im 17 years old, and Im a registered candidate for President trying to get the Anti-Corruption Act on the ballot. AMA!
Libertarian VP Candidate Admits Defeat, Tells Voters To Pick Clinton Over Trump
Donald Trump thinks SNL is rigging the election and should be canceled
Poll: Comeys bombshell changes few votes
Rigging the Election - Video II: Mass Voter Fraud
Clinton is the clear choice for president
Trump booed at Al Smith dinner
Two Women Say Donald Trump Touched Them Inappropriately
Want $5,000? Call Bill Clinton A Rapist On National Television
One of Hillary Clinton's sharpest critics says the FBI was 'wrong and unfair' to drop last-minute campaign bombshell
Colin Powell: Im Voting for Hillary Clinton
Gary Johnson's own VP pick pretty much just endorsed Hillary Clinton
Why the Media Won't Cover the Child Rape Case Pending Against Donald Trump
My Names is Alex Merced, 2016 Libertarian Party Candidate for US Senate (NY) against Chuck Schumer... Ask Me Anything
Remember When Mike Pence Said Smoking Doesnt Kill?
Trump on porn actress who accused him of misconduct: 'Oh, I'm sure she's never been grabbed before'
New email shows Donna Brazile leaked a second question to Clinton campaign
Trump Foundation Paid Activist Filmmaker James O'Keefe
No, Donald Trump, abortions do not happen at 9 months pregnant
#NextFakeTrumpVictim Is Why Sexual-Assault Survivors Dont Come Forward
New Clinton Sex Assault Accuser Will Be At Debate Tonight
John Podesta Says Russian Spies Hacked His Emails to Sway Election
I am Eddie Goldberg, author of the new book JOINT VENTURED NATION: Why America Needs a Foreign Policy - My book is the antidote to Trumps walling off America, AMA
Trump backers realize theyve been played as WikiLeaks fails to deliver October surprise
Frenzied Donald Trump Supporters Are Turning On The Media -- And It's Getting Scary
Topic Tuesday: Women in Combat
Trump refuses to say he will accept election results
Poll: Most Americans think Donald Trump is a raging jackass
Will Trumps Tape Help Gary Johnson Get Into the Last Debate?
Sorry, "deplorables": Being called Racist doesn't mean you're being oppressed.
Friday Fun Off-Topic Megathread
Clinton: I was monitoring Osama raid as Trump hosted Celebrity Apprentice
Donald Trump is refusing to pay his campaign pollster nearly three-quarters of a million dollars
Trump's organization did business with Iranian bank later linked to terrorism
Hillary Is Haunted By Mens Dicks Getting Them In Trouble
Trumps bizarre claim that the Clinton email controversy is bigger than Watergate
FBI Agreed to Destroy Evidence Pertaining to Hillarys Private Server Including Laptops
Trump: I didnt sexually assault a People magazine reporter, because look at her
The 'Blacks for Trump' Guy Is a Former Cult Member Who Thinks Obama Is the Devil
Poll: Clinton up 4 points over Trump in Arizona
Trump in 2013: We must 'leave borders behind' because future of US 'depends on a cohesive global economy'
Wow: Joe Biden passionately Calls Out Donald Trump on His PTSD Comments, Shares Story of Son Beau
O'Keefe Sting Reveals 'Bird-Dogging' to Incite Violence at Trump Events
Donna Brazile is the worst mole in history
Why Donald Trump doesn't deserve even one vote
Donald Trumps infrastructure plan costs 10 times more than the Obama plan Republicans voted against
Trump raised $0 for RNC in October
Yes, theres a rigged election: The one that ensures a Republican House majority
Physically Attacked by Donald Trump  A People Writers Own Harrowing Story
Donald Trumps Charity Scandal Is About to Spread Nationwide
Could Gary Johnson Be Even Dumber Than Sarah Palin?
Polling Megathread [10/13 - 10/15
Donald Trump is failing at basically everything right now. This poll proves it.
WikiLeaks Releases Alleged Clinton Wall Street Speeches In Batch Of Campaign Emails
2006 Audio Emerges of Hillary Clinton Proposing Rigging Palestine Election |
Polling Megathread [10/10 - 10/12
Forget This Hillary Is Unlikable Stuff. Hillary Is Downright Inspiring.
Hillary Clinton is the only real choice for president
Salma Hayek: I Denied Trump A Date So He Planted A National Enquirer Story About My Height
Trump supporter warns of 'civil war' if Clinton...
In which I take a second look at Hillary Clinton's paid speeches
Conservative group may have broken Fla. law in secret recording of Clinton campaign voter-registration shenanigans
Ginsburg Says Kaepernick Comment Were 'Inappropriately Dismissive'
Under Intense Pressure to Silence Wikileaks, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Proposed Drone Strike on Julian Assange
Porn star Jessica Drake claims Donald Trump offered her $10G, use of his private jet for sex
Glenn Beck: If not electing Trump means electing Clinton, 'so be it'
Air Force Chief to Donald Trump: Americas Military Is Not a Disaster
Trump used charity dollars for presidential campaign, report says
Trump makes questionable comments about young girls in 1992 video
Major GOP donors are asking Trump for their money back
Breitbart coordinated with liberal activist and organizer who disrupted GOP primary campaign events
Donald Trump 'had to ask what a Gold Star family was' after he attacked the Muslim-American parents of the soldier killed in Iraq
Tale of the Trump Tape: NBC Has A Lot of Explaining to Do
LeBron James: Why I'm endorsing Hillary Clinton
Trump: murder is at a 45-year high. Actual statistics: thats not remotely true.
Hillary Clinton for President of the United States
In Praise of a President Who Offered America Eight Dignified Years Free of Sex Scandals
Donald Trump will face child rape charges in court, says lawyer for alleged victim
Donald Trump brags about sex life and admits he 'only stays with his wife for her breasts' in shocking new tapes
Clinton Foundation refiles three years of tax forms
Hillary Clintons Wall Street Speeches Have Leaked. No Wonder She Didnt Want Them to Get Out.
No, the Election Isnt Rigged
Sean Hannitys Defense Of Trump Is Now Beyond Parody: King David Had 500 Concubines For Crying Out Loud
The RNC accidentally put up its Mike Pence won the debate post early
Comeygate is looking worse and worse
The Trump tape doesn't matter
Clinton campaign says Comey letter violates Justice Department protocols
You Won't Believe What Donald Trump's Own Lawyers Did When Meeting With Him
Why is Trump still winning our poll? White men and uncertain voters
Guccifer 2.0 dumps a bunch of Clinton Foundation donor data
Friday Fun Off-Topic Megathread
Donald Trump warns that 650 million immigrants could come to the U.S. in a week. Lets do the math!
Clinton Foundation Hacked? Hacker Guccifer 2.0 Claims to Have Reams of Docs
DNCs Brazile Said to Have Leaked Debate Question to Clinton
Politico founder: Reporters 'so biased, so partisan' against Trump
The New York Timess Response to Donald Trumps Retraction Letter
The first big voter fraud case of 2016 was by a Donald Trump supporter
Clinton Email Leak: Hillary Campaign Worked With Bloomberg Reporter On Anti-Sanders Story
What Hillary Clintons leaked audio teaches us about Hillary Clinton
US officials see no link between Trump and Russia: report
First Poll Since James Comey Announcement Shows No Effect On Hillary Clinton -- Yet.
Trump Just Embarrassed America In Front Of The Entire World Again
DiCaprio Climate Catastrophe Film Boosts Clinton Campaign
LeBron James Officially Backs Hillary Clinton For President
Military veteran defends Trump, blasts media for twisting PTSD comments
Guccifer 2.0 Claims To Have Hacked Clinton Foundation
Pence: Monica Lewinsky scandal was 'the most appalling behavior' of any president
Donna Brazile Shared Additional Debate Questions With Clinton Campaign, Identified Her Tipster
Donald Trump Used Legally Dubious Method to Avoid Paying Taxes
WikiLeaks-released memo reveals Bill Clinton's wealth was tied to Clinton Foundation
Trump used his foundation to fund guerrilla filmmaker James OKeefe
Trump says he doesn't know accuser, but months ago he said he did
Video Shows Donald Trump Sexually Humiliating Woman Before Large Audience
Paul Ryan, So Handsome, So Sad
Starting Monday, the military begins paying for gender reassignment surgery for soldiers
Eric Holder: Comey Must Correct His 'Serious Error' Before Election Day
Hi Reddit! I'm Nicholas Schou, author of "Spooked", a book about CIA manipulation of the MSM. Ask me Anything!
It takes a village idiot: Thanks to Donald Trump, the president may be chosen by a fourth-grade mentality
Why The Two Historically Unpopular Candidates Meme Is A Sham  One That Boosts Donald Trump
'He appears not to understand basic military activities': Experts blast Trump for his comments on Mosul operation
James OKeefe releases another Project Veritas video claiming Hillary Clinton campaign is bird dogging
Glenn Beck: Electing Hillary Clinton Is a Moral, Ethical Choice
Donald Trump Finally Went There and Called Hillary Clinton Ugly
Hillary Clinton email scandal: Harry Reid accuses FBI boss of favouring Donald Trump
Understanding Homonationalism: Why Are There Gay People Supporting Trump?
Dem fired for bragging about staging violence at Trump rallies
The Clinton Foundation hack is likely fake
Trump: 'We should just cancel the election and just give it to Trump'
Pence denies 'insult-driven' campaign claims, Trump tweets insults
Report: Trump Is Mad at Pence for Being Better Than Him at Debating
Dont be naive and vote for a third-party candidate for president
Top 10 Hillary Clinton scandals exposed by WikiLeaks
Joe Biden Says Trump Is Too 'Stupid' to Understand 'Damage He's Done'
Leaked Speech Excerpts Show a Hillary Clinton at Ease With Wall Street
Trump: 'I don't believe the polls anymore'
Conway: Trump's 'jail' comments not literal
Breitbart Worked with Democrat Operative to Sabotage GOP Primary
Weld: Comey, FBI 'off the reservation'
Trump Will Support Election Results: 'If I Win'
Megathread: FBI reopens investigation into Clinton emails
So much for the upstanding James Comey: The FBI directors long career as preening partisan hack
Top Trump aide calls Kaine sexist for interrupting moderator
Trump Isnt Just Having a Bad Week. Hes Being Exposed
What 20,000 pages of hacked WikiLeaks emails teach us about Hillary Clinton
They Dont Care About Us
New email shows DNC boss giving Clinton camp debate question in advance
That Bucket Of Losers Clinton Speech Transcript Is Totally Fake
Arnold Schwarzenegger: 'I will not vote for the Republican candidate for president'
Trump: 'Our country needs a big, beautiful hug'
Michael Savage: Obama Is Using Beyonc To Destroy Civilization
Poll: Clinton leads Trump in key swing state
Donald Trump baselessly claims Google, Twitter, and Facebook are suppressing Clinton email news
Trump supporters tweet #repealthe19th after poll shows he would win if only men vote
The Clinton Campaign Is Trying To Stop Those Pro-Trump Ads Starring Michelle Obama
FBI agreed to destroy laptops of Clinton aides with immunity deal, lawmaker says
The FBI is sitting on "explosive" information regarding Donald Trump and Russia, top Democrat asserts
Not 'locker room' talk: Athletes push back on Trump remark
Trump booster Alex Jones: Im not anti-Semitic, but Jews run an evil conspiracy
Latest WikiLeaks dump ties Clinton Foundation to personal enrichment claims
Hillary Clinton campaign blasts Julian Assange's Wikileaks as 'Russian propaganda'
How Hillary Clinton Undercut Women in Haiti Apparel Industry
Dem Group Files Complaint Against FBI For Interfering With Election
Clinton up 6 in Politico/Morning Consult national poll
Ex-Apprentice Contestant: Trump Was Thrusting His Genitals at Me
Donald Trump says voter fraud is rampant in Texas  where his party oversees the system
How much money have Wall Street and hedge funds given to Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign?
Voters don't trust Hillary Clinton, and she has no one to blame but herself
This is Josh Hendler, Hector Sigala, Rosy Kalfus, Damien LaVera, and Libby Babbot-Klein. We are a group of political operatives working on project called 'Not Who We Are' to take down Donald Trump and put an end to his divisive, misogynistic, and hateful rhetoric. Ask Us Anything!
A Woman Was Arrested for Voter Fraud. It Was a Donald Trump Supporter
Clinton Foundation claims 'no evidence' of alleged attack on server
Sanders agrees with Clinton that his supporters "are living in their parents' basement" but "of course" it bothers him that she called him a false promise
Childrens crusade: Trumps movement is a bunch of whiny, frightened infants who cant handle democracy
Kaine: I Wear My NRA F Rating Like A Badge Of Honor
Poll: Clinton leads Trump by 48 points among millennials
Libertarian VP candidate: Comey made a mess
Donna Brazile out at CNN after emails show Clinton coordination
Paul Ryan calls for Clinton's national security briefings to be suspended
RNC: Kaine interrupted over 70 times
New email shows Donna Brazile leaked a second debate question to Clinton campaign
Obama slams Trump's "whining" about rigged election
John McCains Grand Obstructionist Party: His comments reveal the GOPs tired gameplan for a Hillary Clinton administration  obstruct at all costs
Trump: I'll accept election results  if I win
Michael Savage Urges Trump To Talk About Hillarys Lesbian Lovers
FBI's Comey opposed naming Russians, citing election timing
Praise to the Republicans with the moral courage to stand up to James Comey
Donald Trump has been making disturbing comments about young girls for years
FBI's James Comey worse than Hoover when it comes to election interference
My father would have loved Donald Trump: Column
Donna Braziles super-defensive interview with Megyn Kelly is a gift to Donald Trump
Bill Weld, a Trump critic, scores the debate for Pence
The Benghazi Committee is done, but Trey Gowdy isnt finished with Hillary Clinton
Naomi Klein and Glenn Greenwald Tackle Ethics of WikiLeaks' Podesta Emails
The Reporting of Trump's PTSD Comments Shows Why His Supporters Hate the Media
Trump Leads Clinton By 1 Point Going Into Debate - IBD/TIPP Poll
The Debate Audience Literally Laughed When Donald Trump Said He Respects Women
Dont blame Comey
Junk the system: why young Americans wont do as theyre told this election
Less than 12 Hours Post-Debate: Clinton Uses Pence's Debate Words Against Him In Stunning New Ad
Lawsuit accusing Trump of raping girl, 13, gets December hearing
What the WikiLeaks emails tell us about Hillary Clinton
In 2012, Donald Trump tried to expose himself to attorney Gloria Allred, then questioned her gender identity
Trump promised proof hes innocent of sexual assault. He delivered an insult to our intelligence.
Orange County GOP Office Firebombed, Democratic HQ Spray-Painted
FBI Making Inquiry Into Ex-Trump Campaign Manager's Foreign Ties
FBI agreed to destroy laptops of Clinton aides with immunity deal, lawmaker says
Hillary Turns Her Back on Standing Rock Sioux: 'Path Forward Must Serve Broadest Public Interest'
Gov. Whitman (R): Why Clinton is the only choice for president
Donald Trump made 37 false claims in final debate
Hacked Transcripts Reveal a Genial Hillary Clinton at Goldman Sachs Events
Clinton Team Ran Highly Scripted Campaign, WikiLeaks Emails Indicate
Ruth Bader Ginsburg Could Not Be More Wrong About Colin Kaepernick
Polling Megathread [10/20 - 10/23
Down goes the Trump-tanic! Republicans flee the wreckage  and the Clintons dodge a bullet
No, ICE Didnt Actually Endorse Donald Trump
Polling Megathread [10/27
WikiLeaks Releases Alleged Clinton Wall Street Speeches In Batch Of Campaign Emails
Four in 10 Donald Trump supporters think Hillary Clinton 'is an actual demon'
"A Trump presidency would be a threat to animals everywhere: The Humane Society endorsed Hillary Clinton
There's a new silent majority, and it's voting for Hillary Clinton
Libertarian presidential nominee Gary Johnson couldn't name the leader of North Korea
Tough truth: Voting third party helps Trump
Fbi Agreed To Destroy Immunized Clinton Aides Laptops, Sources Say
Donald Trump, the Worst of America
Trump previews his Clinton attacks on Twitter
Clinton's massive lead over Trump narrows a bit among Millennials in new poll
The Obama economy has now created 15 million jobs
Clinton Wikiedpia vandalised with Pro-Trump message and harcdore porn.
McCabegate is the latest scandal that will totally destroy Hillary Clinton
James Comey is damaging our democracy
Clinton Global Initiative to lay off 74 at New York office
Emails: Brazile leaked debate question to Clinton camp
/r/politics Town Hall: State Ballot Measures about Minimum Wage
WikiLeaks Reveals UFO Messages in Clinton Campaign Emails
Astroturf 'Outrage Machine' of Paid Trolls Floods Social Media to Counteract Negative News About Hillary Clinton
Jon Voight defends Donald Trump and says lots of men use similar terms
Apprentice Cast Alleges Donald Trump Repeatedly Demeaned Female Contestants
FBI mad bomber James Comey needs to resign
Jill Stein: Fix Politics Or "We're All Going Down With the Ship"
Donald Trump: America's Shameless Salesman
Despite Donald Trump, Many Bernie Sanders Supporters Wont Forgive Hillary Clinton
Admit It, Democrats, You Really Blew It This Year
Obama: Trump's rigged election claim 'whining before the game's even over'
Donald Trump, Home Alone to the Bitter End
/r/politics Town Hall: State Ballot Measures about Healthcare (CA, CO, NV, WA)
Voters want GOP to stand by Donald Trump despite hot-mic vulgarity: poll
Gary Johnson and Jill Stein would both be terrible presidents
Don't blame Comey for this mess
LeBron James endorses Hillary Clinton
Trump's Tax Records Show He May Have Understated His Salary by Millions to the IRS
Hillary Clinton's Bad Promise on Debt
Clinton's Syria Strategy Would 'Require' War With Russia, Congress Hears
Trump's Views on Science Are Shockingly Ignorant
On Clinton Emails, Did the F.B.I. Director Abuse His Power?
Hillary's emails matter: A retired CIA officer explains why
Obama Could End The Slaughter In Yemen Within Hours
Leaked Podesta Emails Show Bernie Was Right
Why conservatives will need a new party if/when Hillary wins
Bernie Sanders supporters: Clinton is the tool for Wall Street we said she was
Report: Melania refused to do joint TV appearance with Trump after tape scandal
FBI Revelations Dont Offer Undeniable Proof of Clinton Corruption, as Trump Camp Claims
Paul Ryan praises Mike Pence's VP debate performance
Trump calls Clinton 'such a nasty woman'
Hacked emails suggest Trump was right after all: Clinton got previews of some debate questions
Gary Johnson: I'll sleep soundly if Donald Trump wins
Hacked emails raise possibility of Clinton Foundation ethics breach
Clinton campaign slams WikiLeaks as 'Russian propaganda' following latest email dump
CSS Update (Now with User Flair!)
We scored the vice presidential debate and Mike Pence won
Donald Trump faces foreign donor fundraising scandal
Clinton Spokesman To Trump: 'Go Fuck Yourself'
Speaking To Wall Street, Clinton Supported Commission That Backed Social Security Cuts
Our view: Clinton should be nation's next president
Trump Fans Walk Out On Amy Schumer After She Calls Him An Orange, Sexual-Assaulting, Fake-College-Starting Monster
Nigel Farage offers debate tips to Trump
Anderson Cooper told Trump That is sexual assault. The Justice Department agrees.
After 2016, will everyone please admit that Republicans are more extreme than Democrats?
Donald Trump Makes History With Zero Major Newspaper Endorsements
Trump Knows Nothing About Russia, He Just Repeats Their Propaganda
Donald Trump Once Sued A Miss USA Contestant For Saying Pageant Was Rigged
Trump explains why the First Amendment has too much protection for free speech
Donna Brazile Resigns from CNN After Another WikiLeak Shows Her Allegedly Colluding with Team Hillary
Report connects Trump organization server to Russian bank
Abedin-Weiner electronic device was laptop, had tens-of-thousands of emails, source
CNN Parts Ways With Donna Brazile, a Hillary Clinton Supporter
USAF Secretary: Donald Trump Is All Wrong About the U.S. Military
Megathread - Trump Foundation ordered to stop fundraising in NY
Clinton: Trump's PTSD comments ignorant and harmful
Donald Trump Challenges Hillary Clinton to Drug Test Before Next Debate
Trump tells supporters to vote twice to fight voter fraud
FBI agents are ready to revolt over the cozy Clinton probe
Vermont Democrats: Where's Bernie?
Hillary Clintons email scandal feeds intense unpopularity within the military
Trump reportedly didnt know what a Gold Star family was
Clinton wont win over third-party voters by bullying them
Here Are All the Insane Things Youve Probably Forgotten About Trumps Campaign
Clinton emails: 'Quid pro quo' bid to bury Benghazi message
Clinton: My worries are not the same as black grandmothers
Clinton won't mess with Texas
Nearly one-third of all Republican senators now say they wont support Trump
Hillary Clinton poll lead over Donald Trump slashed by new FBI email probe
House Republicans: Trump actually not so toxic
A side-by-side look at where Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton stand on the issues
Reports suggest Donald Trump is unhappy with Mike Pence for winning the VP debate
We finally know what Hillary Clinton knew all along  US allies Saudi Arabia and Qatar are funding Isis
How Trump can win the 3rd debate and regain momentum Commentary
Eric Trump: The Family Business Isnt Damaged, Were Still The Hottest Brand In The World
22 toxic days for Hillary Clinton
Admit It: The Clinton Email Issue Bothers You, But You Don't Actually Know Why
WikiLeaks Claims To Release Hillary Clinton's Goldman Sachs Transcripts
CNN severs ties with Donna Brazile after she fed debate questions to Hillary Clinton
Trump blasts those who take the Fifth, but he used it 97 times on adultery questions
Hillary Clinton for president
Complaint Accuses Clinton of Illegally Working With David Brock
North Carolina Republican office firebombed, 'Nazi' GOPers threatened in graffiti
Frank Luntz Focus Group: Kaine Is Interrupting Too Much
12 Reasons to Vote for Hillary That Have Nothing to Do With Trump
Did Hillary Clinton Call the Trans-Pacific Partnership the 'Gold Standard' in Trade Agreements?
Hillary Clinton Attends Rally At Gay Nightclub In Wilton Manors, Florida: Were Going To End Conversion Therapy
Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson touches all bases in first Colorado appearance
No Jessica Leads
WikiLeaks founder: new material could affect '3 organizations powerful in 3 states'
Ryan cuts Trump from Wisconsin event
Bill Clinton: Trump's 'standard redneck' base is what I grew up in
Jerry Falwell Jr.: Trump has email evidence proving accusers are lying
Dem Rep To Clinton: Release Wall Street Speeches
Winners and losers from the vice-presidential debate
Trump rally speaker fantasizes about death of Hillary Clinton
Donald Trump is encouraging his supporters to fill out two voting ballots
FBI agreed to destroy laptops of Clinton aides with immunity deal, sources say
Guccifer 2.0 Posts Alleged Clinton Foundation Files
Russia isnt happy about US cyberattack threats
Donald Trump's attorney: Trump's sexual assault accusers 'aren't even women he'd be attracted to'
FBI agents pressed Justice unsuccessfully for probe of Clinton Foundation
Louis C.K. on the Time He Met the Real Trump: A Miserable, Money-Grubbing Narcissist
Buffett Just Released His Own Tax Data to Hammer Trump
Brazile shared Primary Debate question with Clinton campaign, hacked email shows
Woman Who Claims Trump Raped Her When She Was 13 Has Released Video. Here's What She Had to Say...
Voter Suppression Is a Much Bigger Problem Than Voter Fraud
Al Gore: 'Consider me exhibit A' for why each vote matters
A Democrat-led crowdfunding campaign raised $13,000 to rebuild the bombed GOP office in North Carolina
Fox News Hosts Kelly, Hannity Exchange Barbs
Donald Trumps collapse was caused by one big factor: Hillary Clinton
Bill Clinton calls Obamacare 'the craziest thing in the world'
Gloria Allred press conference on Donald Trump
1,000 Christian Women Ignore Male Leaders, Slam Trump
Trump bumper sticker supports confederate flag beating up LGBT flag
Group accuses Mike Pence of voter suppression after state police raid registration program in Indiana
George Takei mocks 'blue collar' Trump: Yeah, and 'I'm a ladies man'
CNN Parts Ways With DNC Chair Who Allegedly Passed On Debate Questions
WikiLeaks emails reveal Clinton speeches to Goldman Sachs
Poll: Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump by 14 points nationally
The most important line on Trumps tax return
Watchdog group accuses Clinton campaign of election law violations
Loud Audience Response At The Second Debate Is Driving Anderson Cooper & Martha Raddatz Crazy
Hillary Clinton's campaign wanted to elevate Donald Trump and other 'extreme' Republicans
WikiLeaks: Julian Assange's internet link 'severed' by state actor
Hacked emails raise possibility of Clinton Foundation ethics breach
Emails show Qaddafi son offered talks  but Clinton ordered top general to 'not take the call,' source says
In jail, ex-coal CEO says he's 'American political prisoner'
Posting New Secret Trade Docs, Wikileaks Further Exposes Corporate Plot
Wikileaks Email: The Clintons Wont Forget What Their Friends Have Done For Them
CNN cuts ties with Donna Brazile after she leaked questions
Trump says Clinton has tremendous hate in her heart
Trump Holds Pre-Debate Press Conference With Bill Clinton Accusers
Emails remain a political migraine for Hillary Clinton  and Trump pounces on them in debate
Youre likely optimistic about the future of America, unless youre white
CNN drops Donna Brazile as pundit over WikiLeaks revelations
Vladimir Putin is trying to hack the election. What should US do?
Third party candidates grabbing the attention of young voters
Bill Clinton: ObamaCare A 'Crazy System' Where 'Premiums Doubled' And 'Coverage Cut In Half'
Hillary Clinton's campaign wanted to elevate Donald Trump and other 'extreme' Republicans
Donna Brazile out at CNN amid leaks to Clinton campaign
WikiLeaks releases transcripts of Clinton Goldman Sachs speeches
Exclusive Poll: Trump lead grows in Georgia
Where's the 'substantial evidence' Trump promised would disprove his accusers?
White House coordinated with Clinton about email scandal
Mike Pence and Tim Kaine clash in fiery vice presidential debate
Clinton hits Trump: 'What kind of genius loses a billion dollars?'
October 2016 Meta Thread
New Email Leak Reveals Clinton Campaigns Cozy Press Relationship
Unreleased footage from the 'Apprentice' allegedly has Trump saying the N-word
Teen Beauty Queens Say Trump Walked In On Them Changing
First Debate Question Goes to Hillary. About Trump Tape
WikiLeaks threatens Tim Kaine, DNC Chairwoman Donna Brazile: We have a surprise in store
Bill Clinton calls Obamacare 'craziest thing in the world'
Trump: My tax plan would grow the economy. Tax Policy Center: No, it would shrink it by 4%.
Christianity Today  the flagship Evangelical magazine in America  denounces Trump
The Apprentice producers under pressure to release unaired Trump footage
How Hillary Clinton's State Department sold fracking to the world.
Source: Trump attempted boardroom kiss
Clinton and Trump are both liars, but only one recognizes truth exists
Hacked email suggests Donna Brazile leaked question to Hillary Clinton campaign ahead of CNN primary debate
Those Aleppo Moments Dont Bother Me. Heres Why
GoFundMe Campaign Will Pay Legal Fees of Anyone Leaking New Trump Tapes
Here's Exactly Why A Vote For Trump Is Vote Against LGBTQ Rights
Eric Trump: My father has paid 'a tremendous amount of tax'
Clinton maintains her lead over Trump after new FBI email investigation announced
House GOP super PAC logs its largest fundraising haul ever
White House, State coordinated to downplay Clinton email stories
Des Moines Woman Says She Voted Twice For Trump Because "The Polls Are Rigged"
Man who allegedly destroyed Trump star could get three years in prison
Donald Trump tells supporters to vote on November 28
Rush Limbaugh hints the left is too strict about consensual sex
Poll: Clinton leads Trump by 7 in Virginia
Hillary Clintons email problems just came roaring back
Wikileaks publishes 2,050 emails from Clinton's campaign chair
Excerpts of Hillary Clintons Paid Speeches to Goldman Sachs Finally Leaked
Donald Trump Is on the Ballot Next Week. Why Are We Talking About Emails?
Gay Billionaire Peter Thiel Donates $1.25 Million To Trump Campaign
Donald Trump's women problem is coming home to roost
Ron Paul: Jill Stein is more libertarian than Gary Johnson
Kaine out-interrupted Pence almost twice as much
Write-ins could propel Bernie Sanders in Vermont, even though he doesnt want to win
Trumps greatest service to America may be ending Paul Ryans career
The Clinton Foundations Legacy in Haiti  Haitians are more than upset
Obama approval hits new high
Will Hillary Clinton lose the election because of the FBI's email investigation?
C-SPAN Green Party Jill Stein Town Hall Megathread - October 11, 2016 9PM EST
Wisconsins richest woman uses super PAC to denounce Clinton, Feingold
Judge Jeanine: Comey's Announcement 'Disgraces and Politicizes the FBI'
Hacked emails appear to include excerpts from Clinton's paid speeches
Trump holds press conference with bill Clinton accusers
'What was he supposed to do?': CNN anchor grills Clinton campaign chair over new FBI developments
Obama Has Now Commuted Sentences of More Inmates Than Past 11 Presidents Combined
SoCal Man Goes on Fast to Convince Jill Stein not to Spoil Hillary Clinton's Chances
Trump aide: 'We have three major voter suppression operations under way'
The one issue that shows exactly why Gary Johnson and Jill Stein havent caught on
Donald Trump is toying with refusing to concede if he loses. Thats horrifying.
Unorthodox Johnson doesnt always follow the Libertarian Partys line
CNN omitted third party support from focus group after the vice presidential debate
FBI Investigating Donald Trump Ties to Russian Hackers?
Why Hillary Clinton could be in even stronger shape than the polls show
The Latest: Clinton campaign won't confirm leaked emails
Polls show battleground map tightening
Don't blame Comey for this mess
FBI gets second warrant for Weiner emails | Washington Examiner
No, Hillary, young voters aren't naive. The system doesn't work for them.
Hillary Clinton's Paid Speeches Were Totally At Odds With Her 2016 Platform
WikiLeaks release shows Brazile passed along question ahead of CNN debate
Endorsement: Hillary Clinton for president
Own up to NAFTA, Democrats: Trump is right that the terrible trade pact was Bill Clintons baby
State Department to release new batch of Clinton emails
Donald Trump tried to kiss a little girl at his rally and it was creepy
White armed occupiers were acquitted. Native American activists were tear gassed.
Gary Johnson Says Libertarian Ticket Is Absolutely Unified
8 Reasons I Still Have Reservations About a Hillary Clinton Presidency
Hillary Clintons Paid Speeches to Goldman Sachs Finally Leaked
Trump's Business Credit Score Is 19 Out Of A Possible 100
Could Donald Trump still win the US Presidential election?
Jeb Bush: 'No apology can excuse away Donald Trump's reprehensible comments'
Eight women accuse Trump of sexual harassment
Trump vows if elected to get special prosecutor to investigate Clinton email controversy
Wikileaks releases full transcripts of Clinton speeches to Goldman Sachs
Wikileaks releases full transcripts of Clinton's speeches
Friday Fun Off-Topic Megathread
Mike Pence says Clinton-Kaine is an "insult-driven" campaign as Trump tweets insults
Why we trust Donald Trumps accusers but didnt believe Bill Clintons
The Trump tax story is a big, beautiful gift for Hillary Clinton
Trump just body shamed the first female presidential candidate in history
Outside Money Favors Hillary Clinton at a 2-to-1 Rate Over Donald Trump
Trump is wrong: Hillary Clinton did not laugh about the rape of a 12-year-old
C-SPAN: Jill Stein "Donald Trump Is Better" "Hillary More Likely To Start Nuclear War"
Donald Trump Jr.s joke about Aurora theater shooting sparks anger in Colorado
Clinton says Muslims have been in America since George Washington
5 Things We Know About The FBI Clinton Email Inquiry (And 4 Things We Don't)
U.S. Rep. Steve Cohen calls on FBI director to resign
What Hillary Clinton told Wall Street bankers in private, according to leaked emails
GOP insiders: Polls don't capture secret Trump vote
Donna Brazile Shared CNN Town Hall Questions With Clinton Camp
Clintons critics know shes guilty, they're just trying to decide what she's guilty of
WikiLeaks Publishes Two Thousand Emails From Clinton Campaign Chair John Podesta
Nigel Farage: Donald Trump like a 'silverback gorilla'
Clinton hits Trump over comments on women ahead of vice presidential debate
'Wouldn't it be nice if we attacked first?': Donald Trump floats military strategy ideas
US presidential debate: World media hails Clinton as winner
NYC Democratic Election Commissioner, "They Bus People Around to Vote"
Trumps organization did business with Iranian bank later linked to terrorism
Excerpts of Hillary Clintons Paid Speeches to Goldman Sachs Finally Leaked
Clinton answers written questions under penalty of perjury in email lawsuit
Watchdog group accuses Clinton campaign of election law violations
California sees sharp increase in crime, fueling political debate
WikiLeaks to make video announcement on Clinton info
Poll: Clinton Maintains 50-Point Lead Among Latinos
We scored the vice presidential debate and Mike Pence won
Is support for third-party candidates fading away?
Weld clarifies: Running mate Johnson 'would be the best president'
Utahs Top Mormons in All-Out Revolt Against Donald Trump
WikiLeaks Appears To Release Hillary Clinton's Paid Speech Transcripts
Trump knocks Clinton during #debate: "She has tremendous hate in her heart."
Glenn Greenwald: Obama Has Bombed 7 Nations, But Clinton Claims He Has Not Been Militaristic Enough
Trump has Narrow Lead But Clinton and McMullin are Hot on His Heels
Puzzled by the Popular Support for Trump? Evolutionary Behavioral Economics Has an Answer
Millennials lack enthusiasm for Clinton, Trump
Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star vandalized on video
Donald Trumps campaign has spent more on hats than on polling
Pants on Fire! Trump says Clinton would let 650 million people into the U.S., in one week
FBI to scour 650K emails for Clinton ties in bulging Weiner probe
Hillary only has herself to blame for the mess shes in
Giuliani Says Trump Is Better for the US 'Than a Woman'
Hillary Clinton projected to win Arizona, according to FiveThirtyEight
Jill Stein is not qualified to be president
Reality Check: DNC Chair Donna Brazile Did Leak Townhall Question To Clinton Campaign
Hillary Clintons dignity shines brighter than ever at this moment
How Hillary Clinton Grappled With Bill Clinton's Infidelity, and His Accusers
Donald Trump Is a Worse Crook Than Bernie Madoff
Donald Trump just one point behind Hillary Clinton in latest national poll
Wikileaks: Gabbard receives spiteful email from fundraiser over Sanders support
New FBI release on Clinton email probe refers to 'Shadow Government'
Gingrich: Without media 'assault,' Trump would be up 15 points
Report: Trump used dubious tax avoidance scheme in 1990s
Flashback: Donald Trump Called Bill Clinton's Accusers 'Terrible' and 'Unattractive' and Former President 'Terrific'
Trump: I will get prosecutor to look into Hillary
Hillary Clinton: Record Bet Placed for Her to Win 2016 Race
The Latest: Trump to bring Obama's half-brother to debate
Guccifer 2.0 Is Bullshitting Us About His Alleged Clinton Foundation Hack
Load of manure dumped at Democratic headquarters in Ohio county
DiCaprio: Climate change deniers shouldn't hold public office
Own up to NAFTA, Democrats: Trump is right that the terrible trade pact was Bill Clintons baby
Trump mistakes C-section for abortion
Donald J. Trump's Five-Point Plan For Ethics Reform
Paul Ryan Rejects Donald Trump's Claims of 'Rigged' Election
Pollster Frank Luntz: The Trump campaign is an absolute joke
Clinton probe: 'FBI to scour 650,000 emails'
Millenials are fans of President Obama, but cool on Hillary Clinton
Its the Republicans who rig elections, Donald: The GOP history of voter suppression goes way back
Environmental group: Vote for Clinton, not Stein
John Podesta Says Russian Spies Hacked His Emails to Sway Election
Make-up artist who sued Donald Trump in 1997 harassment case says p---y grabbing is exactly what he did to me
James Comeys Big Mistake
A Desperate Trump Tries To Rally Latino Votes In Florida
Mike Pence cant believe Tim Kaine would insult Donald Trump by quoting him
Tim Kaine Mostly False on Donald Trump's Social Security stance
FBI officials allege 'quid pro quo' in Clinton emails
Poll: Among young voters, Obama's popularity may not transfer
Trump threatens to attack Clintons if more damaging tapes of him go public
Harry Reid accuses Comey of sitting on proof of Trump-Russia ties, possible Hatch Act violation
Podesta email: Would have been better if San Bernardino shooter was named Christopher Hayes
As Hillary Abandons Ohio, Media Says Ohio Is 'Too White and Uneducated' Anyway
FBI obtains warrant to start search of 650,000 emails found on sexting Weiner's laptop shared with his wife Huma as the race begins to determine how many are from Hillary's private server
WikiLeaks Shows Hillary Clinton Was Against Pot Legalization In 'All Senses Of the Word'
WikiLeaks - The Podesta Emails
Clinton surrogates dismiss significance of leaked speech transcripts
Michael Moore Full Interview: 'Trump Can Win' - NBC News
Calm Down  Bill Clinton Didnt Say Obamacare Is Terrible
WikiLeaks emails show Clinton was told Saudi Arabia and Qatar were secretly funding Isis
Republican Party Office Firebombed in North Carolina
Spy told FBI Russia wants to cultivate Trump: report
This poll shows that voting third party is mostly just for white people
WikiLeaks releases excerpts from Clinton's Wall Street speeches
Hillary Clinton's young people problem
650,000 Emails Found On Anthony Weiner's Laptop: FBI Expects "Weeks Of Work Ahead"
Excerpts from Hillary Clinton's paid speeches emerge in hacked email
All of Mike Pence's Awful Positions on Women's Rights
US election: How did two unpopular candidates rise to the top?
Talking about Trump's sex life lets us avoid reality: Glenn Reynolds
Millennials Have a Golden Opportunity in the 2016 Election: Lets not Waste it
Post-ABC poll finds tight presidential race, with mixed reaction to FBIs review of Clintons emails
As Trump gets 'unshackled,' Clinton's campaign sweats turnout
F.B.I. has not yet read Abedin emails, but Trump lets his imagination run wild
Trump says he'll sue sexual misconduct accusers
Wikileaks mystery: How did town hall question get to Clinton campaign?
Donald Trump breaks with his running mate, Mike Pence, on Syria policy
I am working for you now: Trump delivers lengthy defense after tax filing leaks
Undocumented immigrants pay more taxes than Trump
How Hillary Clinton Grappled With Bill Clintons Infidelity, and His Accusers
The deep disgust for Hillary Clinton that drives so many evangelicals to support Trump
The Real Wikileaks Smoking Gun Points to Trump, not Clinton
Here's Why Wall Street Wants Hillary Clinton to Beat Donald Trump
Orange County GOP headquarters burned, vandalized
Emails show White House, State Department coordinated in Clinton email fallout
Trump says his insulting remarks towards women were for entertainment
Donald Trump says the latest FBI documents on Hillary Clinton prove 'corruption at the highest level'
Lou Dobbs apologizes for sharing Trump accuser's address, number
Professor Built A 60-Foot Long, 8-Foot Cardboard Wall Outside His Home To Replicate Donald Trumps Proposed Wall Between The U.S. And Mexico
FBI confirms: Officials discussed deal to cover up Clinton emails
Mark Ruffalo, Susan Sarandon and Shailene Woodley protest in LA
Court rules states have to accept Syrian refugees
Endorsement: Why conservatives have no option but to support Clinton
Donald Trump blames 'animals' supporting Hillary Clinton for office firebomb attack
Messenger: Ken Bone is a symptom of the disease that spawned Donald Trump
FBI Director James Comey screwed up big time
Trump Calls For Congressional Term Limits, Lobbyist Crackdown
Democratic elector says he may reject Clinton
Financial Times endorsement: For all her weaknesses, Clinton is the best hope
Trump leads Clinton in Ohio, locked in North Carolina, Nevada
FBI to search 650,000 emails on Weiner's laptop in Clinton probe
Amy Schumers Donald Trump Joke Prompts 200 People to Walk Out of Florida Show
Why Are So Many Men Not Working? They Are In Pain
Huma Abedin off the campaign trail as pressure grows for Clinton to sack her top aide
Robert De Niro: Id like to punch Donald Trump in the face
Clinton talked up dangers of email interception in leaked speech excerpts
Clinton blasted China over North Korea, slammed Japan over nationalist pressures, hacked emails show
Orange County Republican headquarters firebombed
On the Trail With Gary Johnson
All The Dumb Sh!t Trump Has Done As Nominee In One Mega-List
Local GOP office in North Carolina firebombed
The betting pattern that signals a Trump presidency isn't as remote as the world thinks
Trump on Clinton: I honestly think shes unstable
U.S. Economy Posts Best Growth in 2 years
Trump: Clinton promised to add 200K jobs to upstate New York, but 'they lost so many jobs'
Two experts say Donald Trump should be investigated for criminal tax evasion
WikiLeaks posts emails hacked from Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta
Trump: It Is Time to Drain the Swamp in Washington
Endorsement: Hillary Clinton is the only choice to move America ahead
US election 2016: Why this Trump row is different
Julian Assange, WikiLeaks Founder, Promises Raft of Revelations
For Democrats, New Focus on Clinton Emails Is Like an 18-Wheeler Smacking Into Us
Newly discovered emails unlikely to change decision not to charge Clinton: experts
White House coordinated with State Department, Clinton campaign on email issue, documents show
CNN poll: Pence won debate
Wikileaks Posts Over 2,000 Emails From Clinton's Campaign Chairman
FEC Must Investigate Unprecedented Violations of Campaign Finance Laws by Clinton, Trump
Forget the FBI cache; the Podesta emails show how America is run
North Carolina GOP headquarters firebombed
'It's not right': mothers and daughters see own struggles reflected in Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton emails: FBI denies accusations of pay for play arrangement with state department
"Champions of Change A somewhat misleading article suggested that several states were allowing people to change their votes in the light of an announcement by FBI director Jim Comey."
FBI Review Involves Thousands of Newly Discovered Emails
Vandals smash windows at Delaware Co. Republican Party
Trump: 'Ive been proven right' about Clinton wanting open borders
Hillary Clinton's Campaign Knew She Didn't Tell The Truth About A Major Wall Street Vote
Hacked Podesta Twitter sends out Trump-supporting tweet
Donald Trump holds press event with women who accused Bill Clinton of sexual misdeeds
Hillary Clinton edges ahead of Donald Trump after first debate - CBS News poll
How Trump rallies the faithful: Belittle Clinton, news media
If Trump leaks are OK and Clinton leaks aren't, there's a problem
Trump threatens to sue over 'nasty' campaign ads
Bill Clinton calls Obamacare 'the craziest thing in the world'
Giuliani Daughter: 'I Love Hillary'
Carlos Danger really is dangerous
FBI throws curveball into race for Senate
Peter Thiel to donate $1.25M to Trump
Topic Tuesday: Federal Funding of Planned Parenthood
Hacked Emails Show Hillary Clinton Repeatedly Praised Wal-Mart in Paid Speeches
Trump Proposes Term Limits for Congress
Republican HQ in Orange County firebombed, GOP officials say
Clinton campaign links Trump to leaked email rebuke of Gabbard
Third-Party Voters Know What They Want
nbc host Joe Scarborough accuses own channel of "cooking" Clinton's 14-point lead on Trump
FBI-recovered Clinton emails set to go public
WikiLeaks says Kerry pressured Ecuador on leaks; State Dept. denies
Mike Pence Tells Wrongfully Convicted Man He Won't Act On Pardon Request
George F. Will: Americas quiet catastrophe: men who are choosing not to seek work
Focus on Trump Shouldnt Give Other Republicans a Free Pass
Trump attacks Clinton over paid speeches released by WikiLeaks
Donald Trump: More women come forward alleging they were sexually assaulted by Republican candidate
Donald Trump says Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000 emails after getting a subpoena
Trump Team Turns ClintonKaine.com Into a Mini-Drudge Report
Comey Is a Constitutional Lightweight, and Donald Trump Remains the Only Scandal Worth Talking About
What Donald Trump Did While You Focused on Comey, Abedin, Weiner and Emails
Peter Thiel Defends His Most Contrarian Move Yet: Supporting Trump
WikiLeaks Cancels, Then Hints At Clinton-Related October Surprise
The Obama coalition may not turn out for his chosen successor.
Think Trump Is Scary? Check Out Mike Pence On The Issues.
Bernie Sanders: If my supporters 'take a hard look' at what Gary Johnson stands for, they won't vote for him
The deep disgust for Hillary Clinton that drives so many evangelicals to support Trump
Todays pile of leaks about Donald Trump and Russia, explained
Google suggests Bernie Sanders may get a bunch of write-in votes
Hillary Clintons lead drops to 2 points over Donald Trump in N.H., new poll shows
Clinton team asked Bill Daley to move Illinois primary: WikiLeaks
It's an easy call: Hillary Clinton for president
E-mail leaked by WikiLeaks doesn't demonstrate that Hillary Clinton suggested assassinating founder Julian Assange via a drone strike.
Dozens Of Former Federal Prosecutors Sign Open Letter Criticizing James Comey
New poll shows Trump leads Clinton 47-42 in Ohio
Clinton has double-digit lead in new national poll
Most Americans disagree with Hillary Clinton on suing gun manufacturers
Were the Clinton Campaign Emails Leaked by WikiLeaks Doctored?
Clinton wins debate, but Trump exceeds expectations
North Carolina Police: GOP Office Damaged by Fire, Graffiti
Its not the locker-room talk. Its the lock her up talk.
Hillary Clinton to Panicked Republicans: Youre on Your Own
Trump Campaign Wanted Bill Clinton Accusers to Face-Off with the Former President
White House Watch: Clinton Widens Lead
Donald Trump promised to release a list of his creditors. We're still waiting.
Clinton emails: FBI director ignored Attorney General's advice not to 'take action that could influence election'
Hacked emails raise possibility of Clinton Foundation ethics breach
Trump: 'Carnage all over the world' more important than 'locker room talk'
The Clot Thickens
Vandals Attack New Trump Washington DC Hotel, Tagging "Black Lives Matter"
Donald Trump, who made 27 false claims on Sunday, Oct. 30, says hes winning many national polls
Spambots are impersonating teens to spread pro-Trump tweets
Hillary Clinton Is Likely To Be The Next President Of The United States
Leaked emails raise possibility of Michael Bloomberg in Clinton Cabinet
Did Hillary Clinton intimidate Bill's accusers? Let's look at the evidence
Donald Trump Slams Clinton For WikiLeaks Emails
Another Trump Son Appears On Program With Ties To White Nationalist
Trump Accuser Jill Harth Reacts To His Groping Comments: 'How Can People Not Believe Me Now?'
Hillary Clinton is a 68-year-old woman. And plenty of people hate her for it.
For president, the only choice is Hillary Clinton: Editorial
FBI director James Comey should resign
Wikileaks Reveals How Bill Clinton Profited From the Clinton Foundation
Washington elite speculate about a Trump presidency
Trump has 2-point edge in new Florida poll
Black Voters, Aghast at Trump, Find a Place of Food and Comfort
Wikileaks mystery: How did town hall question get to Clinton campaign?
How Hillary Clinton grappled with Bill Clinton's Infidelity, and his Accusers
Trump campaign manager: Joe Biden "acted like a bully"
FBI Director Jim Comey Knew The Risks With His Clinton Letter. Trump Just Showed Them.
NYC Audit Finds No Donald Trump Donations for 9/11 in Months After Attacks
One Woman Lie Machine
Bernie Sanders says Donald Trump would be an American hero if he brought jobs in his businesses back to U.S.
Tim Kaine or Mike Pence: Who interrupted the most?
Bryan Cranston: Trump is like a 'Shakespearean character'
Trump running out of time as controversies pile up
ACLU: Better Than Trump, But Clinton's Rights Record Still Cause for Concern
Ken Bone, Internet Sensation from Presidential Debate, Works for Coal Company Opposed to Climate Regulations
White Christian Male Americas Sad Final Stand
Fox News Poll: Clinton leads Trump by 7 points
WikiLeaks reveals John Podestas secret for making creamy risotto
US election: Trump launches ferocious attack on Clintons
Tim Kaine correctly notes Richard Nixon released tax returns despite audit
New email shows Brazile may have had exact wording of proposed town hall question before CNN
FBI gets search warrant to review e-mails belonging to Hillary Clinton aides Huma Abedin
Trump's Putin infatuation undermines Western democracy
James Comey Puts Thumb on Scale, Brings Third-World-Style Election To America
C-SPAN Libertarian Party Gary Johnson Town Hall Megathread - October 11, 2016 8PM EST
Clinton fails to contain the damage from email leaks
Leaked Hillary Clinton Emails: Could Bernie Sanders Have Won Primary If Leak Occurred Earlier?
Podesta emails show excerpts of Clinton speeches to Goldman
Donald Trump somehow managed to lose a charity dinner to Hillary Clinton
Melania Proves She's Almost as Despicable as Her Husband in Fawning CNN Interview
Homophobic Trump Supporters Attack Anderson Cooper With Gay Slurs After Debate
WikiLeaks drops thousands of alleged Podesta emails
Ted Cruz blasts NBC for waiting until October to release Trump tapes
GOP congressman: 'Thank God for Wikileaks'
The 'Quid Pro Quo' on Hillary Clinton's Emails
A Look at the Hacked Emails from Hillary Clinton Campaign Chair John Podesta
Analysis: Trump isn't sparking Hispanic registration surge as Dems expected
Trump says he 'brilliantly' used U.S. tax laws
Rumor Mill Reaches Fever Pitch: Pence Asking to Leave the Ticket
Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 2 points in Florida: poll
Conway: Man who shouted 'Jew-S-A' is 'deplorable'
Trump's refusal to accept intelligence briefing on Russia stuns experts
Remember, its illegal to possess WikiLeaks Clinton emails, but its different for the media, says CNNs Chris Cuomo
Ivanka Trump now receiving Secret Service protection
Sandy Hook Dad Mark Barden: Disgusting That Trump Advised by Truther Alex Jones
Russia, US move past Cold War to unpredictable confrontation
Trump supporter arrested after punching person at Clinton event
Wikileaks Appears To Release Hillary Clinton's Paid Speech Transcripts
Roger Stone: Wednesday will be end of Clinton's campaign
Hillary Clintons WikiLeaks emails should not be ignored  they offer insight into how she will run the country
Hacked WikiLeaks emails show concerns about Clinton candidacy, email server
Trump rented Manhattan office to Iranian bank with terror ties
Donald Trump believes the United States can get $1 trillion in new roads  for free
WikiLeaks pumps out Clinton emails
Most Republicans believe Russia is meddling in U.S. election: Reuters/Ipsos poll
How Hillary Clinton Grappled With Bill Clinton's Infidelity, and His Accusers
Surprise, Surprise, Donald Trumps Supporters Are Trying To Rig The Election
Wikileaks releases more emails about Clinton
The Latest: NC GOP Office Damaged by Fire, Nazi Graffiti
Trump: 'I'm working for you now, I'm not working for Trump'
Theres a Lot of Fear Hillary Clinton says the Trump Effect leads to bullying in K12 schools. How should teachers respond?
Drew Carey joins Gary Johnson campaign
California Republicans Are 5 Times More Likely to Own Solar Than Democrats
What's In The Latest WikiLeaks Dump of Clinton Campaign Emails
Mike Pence Isnt Qualified to Be President, Either
North Carolina Police: GOP Office Damaged by Fire, Graffiti
Salman Rushdie points out that Donald Trump is facing child rape and racketeering trials
Campaign manager: Donald Trump would be interested in fourth debate
Newsweek: Trump Appears To Be Reading Literal Russian Propaganda On The Campaign Trail
Wikileaks posts vague warning shot at Kaine, Brazile
Stop Saying A Trump Win Would Cause A Recession
State Department to release new batch of Clinton emails
Why Hillary Clinton Needs to Be Two-Faced
Rudy Giuliani Says He Didnt See Hillary at Ground Zero. Here Are Photos of Them There Together.
Why Gary Johnson Can Still Make Libertarian History
Gary Johnson: As Trump collapses, we offer Republicans a better choice
How Kaine helped a student-loan giant fight Obama reforms
Trump star attacker arrested: Walk of Fame shame over Donalds violence against women
Clinton Probably Finished Off Trump Last Night
Busted -- CNN caught feeding answers to focus group: America's already great
Meet the wealthy recycling magnate dubbed "the eco-saint of the Hamptons" who is supporting Trump and fighting climate change
Assange promises leaks on Google and US election as Wikileaks celebrates 10th years
Sanders absolves Clinton on hacked emails, but other voices on the left are angry
Trump Adviser Calls for Talks on U.S. Troop Costs in Japan
Poll: Clinton now holds 11-point national lead over Trump
Clinton campaign wages new war against Comey
How Trump uses diversity to win votes from white Americans
In wake of rigged election comments, parties need poll watchers
Republicans File Complaint to D.C. Bar on Clinton Lawyer Mills
AP-NORC Poll: Half of Trump Backers Don't Trust Vote Count
McCain defends Trump over PTSD controversy
Hillary Clintons Wall Street Speeches Have Leaked. No Wonder She Didnt Want Them to Get Out.
Trump outlines his 'new deal for black America'
Johnson gives a foreign policy speech, chides the media for giving him pop quizzes
Tim Kaine: The Spanish-speaking, anti-abortion Democratic senator -
Editorial: Clinton should be next president
CNN 'completely uncomfortable' with apparent leaks to Clinton campaign
Trump campaign condemns anti-McMullin robocall
What's the point of Evan McMullin?
Sanders: Clinton aims to unite, Trump divides
I need a favor: FBI official at center of alleged Clinton email quid pro quo speaks out
Why those polls that say Clintons ahead could be wrong
Trump Supporters Are Pissed They Got Trolled By WikiLeaks
State Department Official Attempted To Alter Classification Of Clinton's Emails
Donald Trump and Confusion About 'Explicit Sex Talk'
Conway: Trump has paid 'hundreds of millions' in taxes
Axelrod: Maybe Clinton should reconsider final debate
Trump targets Clinton's health in new ad
Melania Trump to make rare appearance on campaign trail
Donald Trump supporters should read this with an open mind
Presidential candidate Clinton says removing Assad in Syria is No. 1 priority
The Dangers of Hillary Clinton
Young voters choosing third party candidates
Donald Trumps appeal was just perfectly summed up by Chris Matthews
Poll: After bombshell video, 63 percent say Trump doesn't respect women
NY Times: Trump may not have paid taxes for 18 years
Always running, always prepared: Hillary Clinton as a high school politician
Trump Attacks Clinton As Supporter Chants 'Jew S. A.'
WikiLeaks reveals the real Huma Abedin
Most Sanders Democratic Convention Delegates Are Not Ready to Vote for Clinton, New Poll Finds
Nothing to See Here Is Pundit Takeaway on DNC Leaks
White House calls FBI Director Comey 'a man of integrity'
FBI, DOJ roiled by Comey, Lynch decision to let Clinton slide by on emails, says insider
Brazile denies giving Clinton camp advance notice on CNN town hall question
Trump the destroyer could herald an unintended revolution
In Clinton's path to the White House, Ohio isn't a must-win
Tech investor Thiel to donate $1.25 million to Trump campaign
Trump Boasted of Avoiding STDs While Dating: Vaginas Are Landmines  It Was My Personal Vietnam
PolitiFact - "Mostly False": Clinton says she was gone for the red line in Syria incident
Wikileaks Emails Purport to Reveal Ties Between Clinton Campaign, Super PAC
Obama won't criticize FBI director over Clinton email investigation
Why I hope Trump doesnt concede
Hacked emails reveal 39 names on Clinton's "first cut" VP list
New poll finds Trump gaining on Clinton in New Mexico
Despite scandals, Trump support stays strong in latest poll of troops
CNN Falsely Labeled Third Party Voters As Undecided In Post-Debate Focus Group - Counter Current News
Mounting evidence that Trump engaged in illegal tax scams
WikiLeaks dropped on Wednesday morning the fourth installment of its trove of Hillary Clinton campaign manager John Podestas hacked emails
State Dept. official accused of offering 'quid pro quo' in Clinton email scandal
Trump knocks 'major sleaze' Anthony Weiner
A Word About Polling, Fox News
Bill Clinton Accusers Tell Their Stories to Sean Hannity
If Hillary Wins, Shell Be Grateful for Comeys Move
De Blasio demands resignation of elections official who blasted ID program
'Kaine looks like an evil crook out of the batman movies': Trump live-tweets his musings on the vice presidential debate, and doesn't miss the opportunity to troll Megyn Kelly
Times recommends: Hillary Clinton for president
State Aide Sought to Change Classification of Clinton Email
Trump praises WikiLeaks, says Clinton is corrupt
Trump scandals make Clinton look good
At Hindu-American rally, Trump pitches India and U.S. as best friends
How large is the Secret Hillary Club? Red-state women may be defying their Trump-loving husbands
On the Trail With Gary Johnson
Democrats Get Out the Vote. Republicans Suppress It.
Clinton 47  Trump 45 in Post-ABC Tracking poll
Clinton wrongly says FBI director sent letter about emails 'only' to Republicans
Trump Hits Clinton Over Haiti Controversy
Local GOP headquarters in North Carolina firebombed
Four of the juiciest leaked Podesta emails
Free Press endorsement: Hillary Clinton is a prepared, mature choice
Let's Face It: Third Party Candidates Have Been A Complete Joke
Hillary Clinton emails: records suggest state department put pressure on FBI
Biden Says Trump Comments Show 'Instinctive Abuse of Power'
Trump called me ugly and fat, he was horrible - we must not let him be president
Why Do Men Treat Megyn Kelly Like A Malfunctioning Westworld Host?
Trump: Obama 'has to be investigated' over Clinton email server
Bernie Sanders called for a halt to the Dakota Access Pipeline. Why won't Hillary Clinton?
WikiLeaks: Brazile gave Clinton camp advance notice on CNN town hall question
Poll: Majority of voters believe media biased against Trump
Trump Supporters Vandalize Openly Gay Candidates Home With 'Death Threat'
Donald Trump Faces a Barrage of New Allegations
Trump Star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Is Smashed
Report: NC County GOP headquarters firebombed
Trump just laid out a pretty radical student debt plan
Im with stupid: The entire 2016 election has been an insult to our intelligence
WikiLeaks continues streak with new Podesta email release
Americans are Embracing Bad Government Because They Don't Know History
Hillary Clintons secret weapon  her ground game
WikiLeaks: Brazile gave Clinton camp advance notice on CNN town hall question
U.S. State Dept official 'pressured' FBI to declassify Clinton email: FBI documents
Undecided Voters In Ohio Turned Off By Tim Kaines Repeated Interruptions During Debate
Peter Thiel's case for Trump: He's great, just don't listen to what he says
Giuliani on rigged election: 'Dead people generally vote for Democrats'
Schwarzenegger urges Republicans to vote country over party, dump Trump
Clinton has built the biggest big-money operation ever
End the War on Drugs. Reduce Recidivism. Support Law Enforcement.
Michelle Obama just delivered what might have been a defining moment of the presidential campaign
Clinton: I dont recall joking about droning Julian Assange
Hillary Clinton is our choice for president
Trump: Islamic State may take over U.S. if Clinton wins
Clinton's new enemy: Complacency
Clinton's Allies Promise a Tougher Line on Iran
President Obama: We'll be debating unconditional free money 'over the next 10 or 20 years'
How Republicans Could Prevent the Rise of Future Trumps
Damaged but defiant, Trump limps toward debate with Clinton
SC Gov. Nikki Haley says she'll vote for Trump
Trump calls for drug test ahead of next debate, says Clinton was 'pumped up
The 6 Most Explosive New Wikileaks Revelations
If Trump leaks are OK and Clinton leaks aren't, there's a problem
Our recommendation: Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton Expresses Support For Fracking In Wikileaks Document
After first early vote weekend, GOP still leads in ballots cast in Florida
Eric Trump: Trump would '100 percent' accept election result if it's fair
Did Ecuador Cut Off Julian Assange's Internet Access Over a Pedophilia Investigation?
Donald Trump and the embrace of the KKK: The Klan gives a de facto endorsement to the Trump campaign on the front page of its newspaper
Here's the Racist, Jaw-Dropping Moment that Ended Republican Sen. Mark Kirk's Chances at Reelection
FBI official at center of alleged Clinton email 'quid pro quo' speaks out
Trump campaign raises $100 million in September
Moscow accuses Washington of destroying U.S.-Russia relations
Trump says he may sue over 'illegal' 2005 'Access Hollywood'...
Trump Jr. posts kids letter asking that Clinton be jailed
So, WikiLeaks Has Unearthed Tom DeLonge's Emails About Aliens to Hillary Clinton's Team
Trump? Clinton? Many young Americans prefer giant meteor, poll finds
Weiner hands laptop over to FBI as Clinton keeps her distance
White Christian Male Americas Sad Final Stand
Donald Trump May Have Written a Very, Very Sexist Novel
FBI official at center of alleged Clinton email quid pro quo speaks out
Everybody Won at the Vice-Presidential Debate, Except Donald Trump
19 Dead People 'Registered to Vote for Hillary Clinton'
Editorial: In the end, Hillary Clinton is the only qualified candidate, and the best choice
Finance professor: 'There is good reason few economists have endorsed Trump's economic plan'
George Takei: An Open Letter to Americas Young Voters
Clinton campaign focuses on hackers, not content of emails
With Tim Kaine and Mike Pence, Faith Is Back in the Mix
Huma Abedin Swore Under Oath She Gave Up All the Devices With State Dept. Emails
Bill Clinton interrupted by 'you're a rapist' heckle at Milwaukee campaign rally
To My Friends on the Left: Hillary Clinton Is Not the Enemy
CNNs Jake Tapper blasts leak of town hall question to Clinton campaign: Journalistically its horrifying
Al Gore to campaign for Clinton, hoping to galvanize young voters on climate change
U.S. State Dept official 'pressured' FBI to declassify Clinton email -FBI documents
The US told Ecuador to give Wikileaks 'an eviction notice,' according to intelligence officials
The GDP report just threw a wrench in one of Trump's main arguments
Why do the largest third parties in the USA, in the Greens and Libertarians, focus so hard on the Presidency instead of ground-level lower level offices to build themselves?
VFW (Veterans of Foreign Wars) has officially condemned the Trump campaign over the Khan comments
Elizabeth Warren has been quietly removed from the Keynote Speaker slot at the DNC
Cruz just denied Trump an endorsement. Could it lead to more high-profile Republicans jumping ship?
Marco Rubio drops out of the 2016 Presidential Election
Trump refuses to support Paul Ryan and John McCain in their respective Republican primaries
Paul Ryan has told house republicans he won't defend trump and will focus the next 29 days on keeping the house majority. Is this the official signal of the party abandoning him?
Brexit: Britain votes Leave. Post-Election Thread.
John Kaisch dropping out of race
Donald Trump says he may not defend 'some' NATO countries if they are attacked, specifically Baltic countries.
Art of the Deal co-author has come out denouncing Trump.
Ted Cruz is campaigning in Mississippi today with Bryan Fischer, an extremist religious leader who thinks all homosexuals should be arrested and that we should adopt Russia's ban on homosexuality. Why is he getting a pass from the media on his endorsements?
The U.S. has the strongest military in the world, by a long shot (by far the biggest navy, biggest air force, most warheads) so why do people at the RNC keep saying we need to rebuild our decimated military?
Ted Cruz has been accused of having extramarital affairs with 5 women. What effect does this have on the Republican primary?
The Obama Administration announced that healthcare premiums will be increasing by 25% on average next year. Moreover, consumers will have fewer provider choices than before as insurers continue to back out. Where do we go from here and what implications will this have on midterm and 2020 races?
Donald Trump has instructed his team to look into paying the legal fees of the 78 year old man who sucker-punched a black protestor at one of his rallies. How can Trump say he doesn't want or condone violence after this?
Paul Ryan: "Claiming a person can't do their job because of their race is sort of like the textbook definition of a racist comment." Does this help or hurt trump at all?
Minnesota just became the first State to dump Caucuses; will move to Presidential Primary system for 2020 election
Clinton has selected Tim Kaine of Virginia to be her running mate. How does this compare to Pence?
Gary Johnson just launched a site that matches you with an opposing voter of your state so you can both vote third party without indirectly supporting your least wanted party. Is this just a gimmick or a good strategy to help him as third party candidate?
Bernie Sanders endorses Hillary Clinton today in New Hampshire. What impact can we expect from this?
Can Gary Johnson's presidential run survive his "What is Aleppo" comment on Morning Joe?
What is the potential fallout for Trump's leaked audio recording from 2005?
FBI Director James Comey has informed Congress that new emails apparently "pertinent" to the investigation of Hillary's personal email server have been found. What is the best way for the FBI and other agencies to handle the release of information during a contentious election?
Why would Hillary hire DWS after all that's happened with the DNC email scandal?
Trump has received a lot of attention for his recent campaign comments regarding the second amendment. What will be the implications for his campaign?
Former CIA Director Micheal Morell Endorses Hillary Clinton.
Gary Johnson stated Romney is considering endorsing him
Trump threatens to pull the US out of the World Trade Organization.
The 4th Circuit has struck down North Carolina's Voter ID law.
If the black community started arming themselves and forming militias, would we begin to see stricter gun regulations passing more quickly?
Obama just endorsed Hillary Clinton. What now?
The AP just reported that Clinton has clinched the Democratic nomination.
Romney has just said that he might end up voting for Gary Johnson. Could we see a sizeable amount of GOPers supporting Johnson post-convention?
Trump on Fox and Friends, regarding Muslim ban: "It was a suggestion. Look, anything I say right now, I'm not the president. Everything is a suggestion, no matter what you say, it's a suggestion."
FiveThirtyEight lays out the growing problems with our political process. What can we do to address these concerns if you think they are legitimate concerns?
Supreme Court Justice Scalia has died. What effect will this have on the SCOTUS?
U.S. Senate rejects 4 gun control measures
Marco Rubio says that "Gods Rules Always Win When Theres a Conflict With U.S. Law"... why do Christians want to impose "biblical law" and how is this any different than a Muslim saying they want to institute "Islamic Law"?
House Speaker Paul Ryan has said he cannot currently support presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump's presidential campaign.
Should the health of 2 of the oldest presidential candidates be under more scrutiny.
Media is reporting GOP distancing themselves from Donald Trump even more after Trump's remarks after the Orlando attack
Donald Trump says he likes water boarding a lot.
The AP is reporting that many of the same anti-Trump individuals that tried to keep Trump from being nominated now want to call a special meeting to remove Trump as the nominee.
Not a single newspaper has endorsed Donald Trump for President so far. Do newspaper endorsements still matter in 2016?
Ted Cruz is now mathematically eliminated from reaching 1,237 pledged delegates before the convention
[Megathread
The Justice Department Says it Plans on Ending Use of Private Prisons. Will we see substantial pushback to this proposal? What will be the consequences of this decision?
Jeb Bush is actively floating the idea of backing Gary Johnson. What would his support mean for Donald Trump, and the future of the GOP?
CNN is holding a Libertarian town hall tomorrow night. Can the Johnson/Weld ticket gain enough media attention to be included in polls and can they poll high enough to get into the presidential debates?
Harriet Tubman will replace Andrew Jackson on the $20 bill.
Could the rise of Trump be a reaction to Rural Decay?
The Clinton campaign is shifting money and resources away from the presidential campaign to House and Senate races. Is this a risky strategy? What effect will it have?
Hillary Clinton just delivered a foreign policy speech attacking Donald Trump.
[Debate Megathread
Donald Trump revokes the press credentials of the Washington Post. How will this affect media coverage of him?
Bernie Sanders says he will return to the Senate as an independent.
Trump: "The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive."
The Supreme Court just Overturned Texas' Abortion Restrictions. What are the implications?
Robert Kagan, speechwriter for the Reagan administration, wrote a column in the WaPo that argues the Trump movement is how fascism starts.
John Boehner:Ted Cruz is lucifer in the flesh. Do you think Republican elites want Ted to be the nominee,lose, then get rid of his wing of the party?
Bloomberg, Cuban and now Buffett have all officially endorsed Clinton, is lining up billionaires to speak on her behalf beneficial for Clinton?
Some GOP members are willing to block any SCOTUS nominee from Clinton if she's elected. What are the repercussions for possibly maintaining vacancies for another 4+ years?
Jane Sanders: "Bernie will not be running as an independent."
Manafort has resigned from the Trump campaign. What motivated this choice, and is this indicative of a fundamental shift in strategy with the introduction of Bannon?
Gingrich calls for testing the loyalty of Americans of "Muslim background" to the United States
Reince Priebus, Chairman of the RNC, officially denounces David Duke's senate run.
Rep. Adam Kinzinger (R-IL) Says He Will Not Support Trump in November. Is This a Trend That Could Continue to Grow?
Allegations have arisen that Trump has forcibly touched two women. Will these allegations seriously impact voter behavior in November? If so, how are these allegations different from those Bill Clinton faced in the '90s? Do voters hold Presidential candidates to different standards than in the past?
Sanders and Clinton camps have agreed on a compromise that will cut the number of superdelegates by 2/3.
California is going to vote on the general ballot to legalize recreational marijuana in November. If the largest US state does this, how far will the impacts reach?
Governor Paul LePage: "we need a Donald Trump to show some authoritarian power in our country and bring back the rule of law". Will calls for authoritarianism become more pronounced in the future? How will this effect presidential campaigns (and politics in general) going forward?
Newt Gingrich calls for a new House Un-American Activities Committee.
Obama to name Judge Merrick Garland for Supreme Court. per WSJ.
Chris Christie endorses Donald Trump for President.
What do you think of Hillary Clinton's proposed National Service Reserve?
Politifact finds allegations of fraud and misconduct at Nevada Democratic convention unfounded
Iowa Democratic platform to include legalization of all drugs
Romney: I wont vote for Trump or Clinton
MSNBC is Showing Footage of Trump Stating Women Who Have Abortions Should be Personally Legally Punished. What Potential Impacts Might this Have on the Primary and General?
I Think the Sanders Campaign Deserves Some Credit for the Campaign They Have Run Up to This Point.
The NY Times has gathered a panel of legal scholars from across the political spectrum who warn that Trump threatens US rule of law. Is this fear justified?
Senator Mark Kirk rescinded his support of Donald Trump today, becoming the first major Republican official to do so
Hillary Clinton just called half of Trump's supporters "deplorable" and then went on to distinguish between the other half. Was this a good move?
Oregon Senator Jeff Merkley (D) has endorsed Bernie Sanders for President, and is the first sitting US Senator to do so.
Gary Johnson wins the Libertarian nomination, with ~55% of the vote.
FBI Press Conference MegaThread
Why is there such a focus on manufacturing jobs when most Americans have jobs in the service industry?
Khizr Kahn, the father of fallen soldier Humayun Kahn, just called on Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan to fully repudiate Trump. Will his speech last night see any meaningful change from the Republican leadership?
Trumps plan to cut the debt is to make creditors accept less than face value. Does this plan not matter to the electorate or would it even come up in future debates?
Media is reporting an organized movement by GOP delegates to stop Trump at the convention
Is illegal immigration in the United States really that much of a problem?
Trump Campaign Manager Paul Manafort reportedly "mailing it in," no longer challenging Trump. Is the tone/strategy of the campaign going to change?
Post Debate Discussion Thread
Trump camp reveals he practiced very seriously for the debate. Does that change your evaluation of the first debate and predictions for the second debate?
Bernie Sanders says, "It doesn't appear that I'm going to be the nominee, so I'm not going to be determining the scope of the convention"
Former Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling has declared that he has made up his mind and will be running against Elizabeth Warren for her senate seat in 2018. What are his chances and would the Massachusetts GOP welcome a Schilling run?
House unanimously passes bill allowing 9/11 victims families to sue Saudi Arabi. President Obama has threatened to veto it. How will this play out?
MSNBC just confirmed that Obama spoke to the Sanders campaign and is looking to endorse clinton as early as this week.
Obama warns Democrats against 'Tea Party mentality' and that If you dont get everything you want, its not always because the person you elected sold you out" - How will this affect the Democratic race?
Today, the State Department released its report on Hillary Clinton's email audit. Thoughts?
Gary Johnson and his running mate William Weld were both 2-term Republican governors in blue states. Trump, the major party nominee, has no political experience. Does this give the 2016 Libertarian ticket a lot more credibility than 3rd parties usually receive?
Many Republicans skipping Republican convention
Jerry Brown Endorses Hillary Clinton ahead of California primary
Wikileaks just released a April 2015 document of DNC staffers discussing strategies to destabilize the Republican field - such as secretly assisting "Pied Piper" extremist candidates during the primaries. To what extent may this tactic have been used during the current election?
Why Does This Latest Revelation About Trump Seem To Be Gaining Traction With Republicans In A Way None Of His Other Issues Did?
Jeb Bush drops out of the GOP race.
Does this election prove that most people in the US will vote for the major party candidates regardless of who is nominated?
Hillary Clinton plans to reschedule marijuana if she is elected according to a statement issued by the campaign. How does this affect her overall appeal?
The reigning king of Thailand has died. What implications does this hold for Thailand's domestic affairs?
Bernie Sanders vows to continue to his campaign.
The RNC platform committee just declared coal "clean", added to the previously-existing list "abundant, affordable, reliable, and domestic". What ramifications could this have for GOP energy policy?
It's over. What did you think of Trump's nomination speech?
Sanders says campaign was denied fairness in Nevada
Washington D.C. has put together a commission to write a constitution and petition for statehood, do you want them entering the Union?
Evan McMullin and his advisors are planning to start a new center-right party after the election. Is that viable?
The Federal Election Commission has released a 639-page list of illegal campaign contributions made to Senator Bernie Sanders' campaign - does this undercut his message about reforming campaign finance?
Let's talk about Trump's online presence for a second. Who makes up this base and why does it seem so much larger than Hillary's?
Trump does not plan to release tax returns, says "Nothing is there"
Hillary Clinton's campaign gave billionare and frequent Trump critic, Mark Cuban, a front-row ticket to the debate on Monday. Trump in response, is saying he'll invite Geniffer Flowers to the debate. Should there be restrictions on who the candidates are allowed to invite?
Michael Bloomberg endorses Clinton. Will this help her support among dismayed business Republicans?
It's been reported that the Clinton campaign has reached out to Condoleezza Rice, Henry Kissinger, and other experienced Republicans for possible endorsements. Is this a sound strategy, how effective could it be, and who should they be trying to court?
Trump Rally postponed for "Safety" reasons after massive protests
If Trump wins, but Democrats secure at least 50 seats in the Senate, there would be a 17 day window where Obama is still President and Democrats hold a senate majority. In this scenario, should Democrats act to confirm Garland, or wait and let Trump nominate a new Justice?
Republican Senator Ben Sasse warns he may leave the Republican Party over Donald Trump
"If the world could vote" - International surveys show a near-universal preference for Democrats in American presidential elections. Does that say anything about the left-right placement of the US vs. other countries and should American voters consider the rest of the world's opinions?
Will Trump's comments on Khizr Kahn and John Allen affect him with veterans/the military?
New WaPo article suggests Clinton's legislative agenda will go nowhere no matter how well the Dems do this November. Is this the new normal in U.S. politics?
John Kasich rebukes Trump, shoots down VP position
Donald Trump has just stated that he would likely not support the Republican nominee in the general election
A judge has ordered the release of internal papers relating to Trump University.
Corey Lewandowski is no longer Trump's Campaign Manager. Who will replace him, and what will they try to change?
[Debate Megathread
Debate Moderators Announced
Maine Gov. Paul LePage vetoes bill making opioid overdose medication more accessible to addicts. Naloxone does not truly save lives; it merely extends them until the next overdose, the governor wrote in his rejection of the bill.
McConnell says if Trump wins the nomination they will "drop him like a hot rock," running negative ads to separate Trump from the Congressmen up for re-election. Would Trump stand a chance in the general if the Republican establishment essentially campaigns against him?
[Debate Megathread
Trump attacked at Ohio rally. Podium flooded by secret service agents.
Eric Trump and Sen. Bob Corker Suggest Ivanka Trump as VP for Donald Trump
The Washington Post has ruled out endorsing Donald Trump in November and branded him 'a threat to American democracy'
Near the end of the primaries, George W. Bush remarked that he was worried that he'd be "the last Republican president." How realistic is this fear?
Papal official denies report Sanders invited himself to Vatican
Ben Carson to endorse Trump
Clinton Campaign Spent $26 Million on Battleground State Advertisements in the month of June. Trump campaign spent $0. - NBCNews
Bernie Sanders just used his DNC speech to attribute most of his progressive agenda to Hillary Clinton. Can we expect her to hold to this in the coming months?
Warren to endorse Hillary Clinton. Will this have any affect on Sanders' supporters?
The Arizona Republic endorses Hillary Clinton. Can Clinton turn Arizona Blue?
It's two months before election day and Hillary Clinton has been diagnosed with pneumonia. How should each campaign operate coming down the home stretch in light of this news?
Racism is at the heart of the Trump movement, which is driven by racial resentment by white men angry that they no longer dominate American society the way they used to, says NY Times columnist.
Sanders gives an interview to Univision leading up to the California Primary.
One of Bernie's 40 Superdelegates Has Flipped to Hillary. Are Recent Events Hurting His Chances with Superdelegates?
Cruz just relased an statement in which he "clears the path" for Kasich in Oregon and New Mexico while saying he will devote most of his time and resources to Indiana.
Gary Johnson supports the "fair tax" system, which relies heavily on consumption (increasing sales tax to upwards of 30%) How can this be justified when poor people spend a larger portion of income than wealthy people? "paycheck to paycheck" vs reinvestment (not taxed until liquidation).
Obama lifts Vietnam Trade Embargo
Jeb Bush endorses Ted Cruz for President.
In 2010, Marco Rubio ran for Senate under the label as a Tea Party candidate. Six years later, he became a presidential candidate favored by the GOP establishment. How did Rubio go from "outsider" to "insider" so quickly?
NYTimes Exclusive today: "Crossing the Line: How Donald Trump Behaved With Women in Private
Cruz Picks Fiorina as VP. What does she bring and what does this mean?
Will revelations about Trump U do anything to damage the Republican nominee?
The Sanders Campaign is alleging Hillary and the DNC committed campaign fraud. Do their allegations have merit?
Trump Calls For Election Observers
Mitt Romney had a private meeting with Bill Kristol Thursday night to discuss an independent run
Jeb! is not going to support or vote for Trump.
Duterte has announced a "separation" of the Philippines from the United States and is beginning trade deal negotiations with China. What are the implications of this?
Speaker Ryan said he would step down as Chairman of the convention if Donald Trump asked him too.
Trump threatens to unseat Paul Ryan as chair of the Republican convention. Discuss.
Christie withdraws his Republican nominee from consideration and proposes a Democrat to NJ Supreme Court after Sweeney 6 year Senate stonewall
The USIC has officially blamed Russia for hacking US institutions to manipulate domestic politics. What will be the international fallout?
Bernie Sanders has been pushing the idea that he will be the Chairman of the Senate Budget Committee if the Senate flips to the Dems. What powers would he inherit and would this give more likelihood to the implementation of some of his campaign goals?
Maine Senator Susan Collins says she will not vote for Trump
British PM Theresa May seems to indicate the country will go with "Hard Brexit". What are the implications ?
Why is Bernie focusing on college, when we have a failing k-12 system, especially in urban communities?
Let's talk about Bernie's Daily News interview.
One day after endorsing Trump, Paul Ryan disagrees with Trump for Trump's "Mexican" remarks about judge
Trump reverses minimum wage stance again
Mitt Romney to Skip the Republican National Convention
With ~100% reporting, Hillary Clinton wins South Carolina by ~47.5%; she was projected to win by 20-30%. What does this mean for the race?
Sen. Lindsey Graham just stated that Trump's comments RE: Judge Curiel are the "most un-American thing from a politician since Joe McCarthy" -- Thoughts?
What's up with the hate for free trade?
Democrat's gun control filibuster reaches 13th hour
Romney: Republicans are nuts not to raise minimum wage
Wikileaks has begun releasing emails from the "Guccifer 2.0" hack. Do these have the potential to influence the Democratic Convention next week? The general election campaign?
Nigel Farage steps down as leader of the UK Independence Party: Why?
How serious is the scandal surrounding South Korean President Park geun-hye?
Is the perceived closeness of the US presidential race genuine - or is the 'horse race narrative' encouraged by the media?
Trump outlines his plan to "defeat radical Islamic terrorism" and end "the era of nation building". How well will his policies be received?
Is it likely that Rep. Steve Kings remarks about the lack of contributions of non-white/non-western cultures will significantly harm his re-election campaign?
What do you make of Krugman's comments on Sanders?
Bernie Sanders calls for the closure of New York nuclear energy plant
Why didn't the #nevertrump movement embrace Gary Johnson?
Why is Clinton seemingly over-performing in swing states and red states but under-performing in blue states?
In Clinton's speech in Reno, she cast Trump's embrace by racists as an aberration within the GOP. Is this accurate, or have the Republicans brought it upon themselves?
Aetna has announced it is leaving the ACA exchange in most states. With the exodus of other major insurance companies from the program this year, including UHC and Humana, what is the future of the ACA?
You may disagree with Trump and Sanders, but it seems undeniable that they are tapping into deep anxiety and frustration that "establishment" candidates have been unable to tap into. What are these anxieties? Are they legitimate? Where do they go if both these candidates lose?
Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin vetoes bill criminalizing abortion in the state.
"I don't believe in voting for the lesser of two evils" - what is the reasoning for this?
Jerry Moran, a Republican Senator from Kansas has called for the Senate to "take up Merrick Garlands nomination to the Supreme Court"
Hillary Clinton is reportedly eyeing Joe Biden to be Secretary of State in her administration. What do you think the odds of this happening are, and is Biden a good pick?
Washington Post reports the Mike Pence used campaign funds for personal reasons (including paying his mortgage) in 1990. Does this matter or is it old news?
MSNBC just announced Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders will be live on air at 1PM EST.
David Cameron announces resignation
Jeremy Corbyn loses vote of no confidence.
Why do candidates always talk about "manufacturing" and "factory" jobs? Seems like a very esoteric career choice
Do you think HRC's poll numbers will take a big hit with next weeks polls?
Are Trump's attempts to reach out to the African American community worth it? Are they helping him or making things worse?
Richard Hanna (R-NY) has become the first congressional Republican to endorse Hillary Clinton. Will he stand alone, or will he be the first of many?
Latest Fox News Ohio poll: Kasich 34%, Trump 29%, Cruz 19%
Libertarian vice presidential candidate William Weld just defended Hillary Clinton on MSNBC
Bernie Sanders has formally requested a recount of the Kentucky primary results.
Reddit was obsessed with TPP when it was being negotiated. Now the text is public, we're well into the 60 day review period - why am I see virtually no posts about it?
Hillary's VP shortlist was just leaked. What do you think about the possible choices?
Has either presidential candidate(or any candidate in any race, for that matter) talked about how they would combat that rapidly declining bee population?
Donald Trump is having an off-the-record meeting with around two dozen influential Republicans today. What do you think they'll discuss?
Kasich campaign misses deadline, gets left off Oregon voting pamphlet
New Gingrich, long thought to be a potential VP pick for Trump, criticizes him for his racial remarks towards the judge in Trump U case.
Live Thread: Second Presidential Debate
Trump campaign releases official statement saying Donald Trump now believes Obama was born in the US. What's the strategy behind the timing of this move, and does it matter that Trump hasn't said it himself yet?
In her time in the Senate, did Hillary Clinton stick with her campaign promises?
Trump: Transgender people can use any bathroom they want. What does this say about him? How will this affect his remaining primaries and the General Election?
Fox News has cancelled Monday's debate after both Trump and Kasich said they will nor participate.
Ted Cruz recently said "There is certainly long historical precedent for a Supreme Court with fewer justices." What precedents might he be talking about?
Why does it seem most Donald Trump supporters claim "he wouldn't really do what he says"?
CNN/ORC Nevada Poll: Clinton 48%, Sanders 47% among likely caucus-goers.
Has Any Presidential Candidate Ever "Lost" All 3 Debates and Still Won The Presidency?
Kasich, Bush and Rubio say that Trump is a fascist. Who agrees?
The Democratic Party has released a draft of their platform for the convention in July.
Austria is holding its presidential election today! For the first time since WWII the main centrist parties were knocked out in the first round. Austria could elect the European Union's first far-right head of state or put the former Green Party leader in the highest office in the land. Discuss!
CNN: In South Carolina, 74% of primary voters said they consider Clinton honest and trustworthy -- better than Sanders' 63%. thoughts?
Trump has stated that the general election will be rigged. Is this a serious claim or is he setting the narrative in case he loses?
WI exit poll: 39% of Republicans would abandon GOP if Trump is the nominee; 35% would abandon GOP if its Cruz.
Romney's speech is against Trump, so now what?
VP Debate Thread
What's the most absurd political lie you've seen people believe?
NVDems submit complaint to DNC
What effect will Kasich's war on Trump and the RNC on Ohio this year and his presidential ambitions in 2020?
If Trump doesn't win PA or VA how does he win?
Kasich response to Rubio's offer...
Biden 'confident' Clinton will be nominee and next POTUS
Mitt Romney is scheduled to make a "major announcement" on the 2016 race tomorrow, what might he announce?
Donald Trump recently apologized for causing any "personal pain" through his rhetoric. He also condemned bigotry and promised to always tell the truth. Is this the Trump pivot the GOP has been hoping for and will it give Trump a chance at winning come November?
Donald Trump has said he may not accept the outcome of the election. By what institutions or means could Trump contest the election? Which of these means might he choose?
L.A. to vote on $1 billion bond measure to end homelessness
Two new Fox News Polls; NY: Trump 54 Kasich 22 Cruz 15; PA: Trump 48 Kasich 22 Cruz 20; NY: Clinton 53 Sanders 37; PA: Clinton 49 Sanders 38.
Gallup now has Trump's favorability with women at 23/70
Ben Carson has stated that Trump's VP Shortlist is Cruz, Kasich, Rubio, Christie, and Palin.
Lindsey Graham comes out against Donald Trump during CNN interview and states he will never vote for him.
Do you think the president elected in 2028 has a wikipedia article on them yet?
Clinton to announce VP this Friday in Tampa. Who do you think she will pick?
"Parties are private organizations and can do what they want." In an age when the route to the Presidency effectively necessarily entails nomination in one of two major parties in the United States, should parties have such control over primary elections?
Sanders releases 2014 tax return on website
The Democratic Party is making early arrangements on the redistricting front. Will these efforts be gainful and what tactics should they employee to see the most success?
Why do many GOP pundits insist that the voters deserve a say in who the Supreme Court Justice replacement for Scalia will be in 2016? Isn't the whole point of the Court to be separated from being accountable to the people?
Why can't congress/senate pass JUST a Zika bill?
If Trump is elected president, will the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 compel him to release his tax returns and provide a comprehensive list of all his foreign conflicts of interest?
Austria holds its presidential election today! None of the six candidates is expected to win an absolute majority outright & for the first time since World War II the winner will most likely not come from one of the current two governing parties. Thoughts? Questions? Discuss!
San Francisco considering lowering voting age to 16
After much-anticipated meeting, Trump and Ryan say they are totally committed to working together
Newt Gingrich speculates the Debate Comission is rigged to help Hillary
What do people make of the fact that Trump was an enthusiastic backer of Hillary Clinton just a few years ago?
If Clinton wins, and there is concrete evidence that the Kremlin engaged in hacking and propaganda to support Trump, what would be an appropriate response?
Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson wrote an editorial about why he's running for President, focusing entirely on Trump and not mentioning Clinton once. What is the best angle for the Libertarians to take?
What will be the fallout of Trump declining to debate Sanders
If you had to reinvent the Republican platform so that it would have broader appeal while not completely sacrificing conservative principles, what would it look like? How would you pitch it to existing Republicans constituencies who may be wary of change?
Virginia Gov. Terry McAullife restoring voter rights for felons, what effect will this have on the race?
Hillary's interview with the New York Daily News has been released. What are your thoughts?
Was 2016 Paul Ryan's best year to run for President?
Bernie Sanders supporters, please help me understand why raising the minimum wage to $15/hr is a good idea.
The Kentucky recanvass --a review of voting machines and absentee ballots in all 120 counties-- confirms Hillary Clinton is the winner by 1911 votes, a mere 13 less than her May 17 victory. Does this recount quiet allegations of widespread election fraud some use to discredit Clinton's primary wins?
Gary Johnson and Jill Stein have officially been ruled out of the first presidential debate. How much does this impact their respective campaigns going forward?
Are you aware of anyone who ever changed their vote based on the Vice Presidential Debate?
The heads/representatives of the democrat party in numerous Southern States have addressed an open letter to Bernie Sanders expressing their distaste
Cruz calls for "Security Patrols" of Muslim neighborhoods in the US. How does this impact his overall appeal?
What is Bernie's plan to pass legislation if he gets elected? He has only donated $1000 for down ticket races. Does his "revolution" involve congressional races?
DOS IG's office: "We are now reviewing the email practices of the current and last four Secretaries of State, not just Secretary Clinton"
The DEA Has Decided To Keep Marijuana Under Schedule 1. Realistically, What Could a President Do Within His or Her Own Power To Change This? Is an act of Congress The Only Option?
Meredith McIver, individual who admitted fault in the speech scandal was not a campaign employee.
Hillary asked Bernie to provide an example of money influencing her. He didn't. What examples could he provide if any?
What will the political landscape look like if it's October and Trump is down double digits?
Will the Trump/Pea Nieto meeting improve Trump's image as possible future world leader?
Similar to the #nevertrump movement, a group of female Republican activists have formed "Republican Women for Hillary," dedicated to keeping Trump out of the White House.
FBI to Interview Hillary Clinton in Coming Days About Email Scandal, Source Says. Are we nearing the end of the investigation?
Pope Actually Does Meet Bernie
McConnell says it's time for Trump to stop attacking various minority groups
Bernie Sanders rejects possible debates with Hillary Clinton in New York. How will this reflect on both campaigns?
Sanders most likely to win Michigan. What does this mean for his campaign?
Is Clinton sitting on the sidelines too much and letting Trump dominate the discussion? Should she start to increase her media profile this week?
Prediction markets give Trump a 28%-35% chance of winning the general election. Are we underestimating Trump's chances?
The New York Daily News Has Endorsed Hillary
The Trump Campaign is encouraging surrogates to bring up Bill Clinton's sexual history. What are the possible benefits of this?
Despite Their "Deal" Kasich is still telling his Indiana supporters to vote for him.
CNN/ORC Poll: Clinton 54. Trump 41. (Clinton +13).
If you'd taken Nate Silver's demographic projections on Feb 25, added +3% for Hillary, you'd have correctly predicted the winner of 87% of the remaining 47 states.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi Endorses Clinton for President
How should Hillary Clinton respond to Donald Trump's demand for medical records?
It seems to me that Republicans' position on replacing Scalia would be stronger if they were just honest about it.
Clinton and Sanders camps discussing a joint appearance on Tuesday
New NBC/WSJ/Marist Indiana poll: Trump 49 Cruz 34 Kasich 13. Will Cruz suspend his campaign if he loses or will he continue?
Rubio quitting politics?
Was there a moment from this year's DNC/RNC that changed your position or vote?
Trump: If Hillary Clinton were a man, I dont think she would get 5 percent of the vote
21% of Bernie Sanders supporters did not vote for the Wisc. Democratic Supreme Court candidate. What does this say about his ability to influence down-ballot elections?
Donald Trump threatens to sue Cruz and run as an independent. Is the GOP race about to explode into the exoatmosphere?
I just got back from a Hillary Clinton rally it was the most bizarre thing I have ever experienced in my life.
This will probably get buried by the caucuses, but another US Cabinet secretary - Defense Sec. Ash Carter - has been accused of using private email on the job. Is there a serious cultural flaw in our government with how sensitive email is handled?
Who are the "best" Governors in the US right now? Why?
in 1996, Clinton won West Virginia handily. In 2000, Gore lost it by 6, and Dems have gotten less each year since. What happened?
Lindsey Graham is apparently privately urging GOP donors to support Trump. As someone who has called Trump a "race-baiting, xenophobic, religious bigot" does this show that the GOP's desire to prevent a Clinton victory is greater than their disdain for Trump?
Concerning Senator Sanders' new claim that Secretary Clinton isn't qualified to be President.
If Trump goes through the entire election cycle without releasing his Tax Returns, does that establish a troubling precedent?
[Debate Megathread
RCP Average GE: Trump is now beating Hilary
Obama presents congress with plan to close Guantanamo by years end.
Ted Cruz Denies Affair Allegations Reported By The National Enquirer
Donald Trump has received his first congressional endorsements, them being Rep. Chris Collins (R-NY) and Rep. Duncan Hunter (R-CA). How does this affect the race?
A U.S. District judge has struck down Mississippi's sweeping religious freedom laws (HB 1523).
Obama Says The Democratic Nominee Will Be Clear Next Week
Clinton Officially Wins Missouri - Sanders Won't Seek Recount
SUSA/ABC7 Calif. Poll Preview: Trump 57/Cruz 20/Kasich 14, Clinton 57/Sanders 38
Donald Trump has raised $51 million in June.
Rand Paul to make a "big endorsement" tomorrow. Could he endorse a third party candidate?
Sanders says he will vote for Clinton and outlines what would need to happen before he endorses her, which he explicitly says he has not done yet.
Let's discuss the murder of Jo Cox
Does the right have their own version of "political correctness?"
Massachusetts Poll: Donald Trump 50%, Marco Rubio 16%, John Kasich 13%, Ted Cruz 10%, and Ben Carson 2%
The Iraq War Inquiry (Chilcot Report) has been released.
Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee have come to a consensus decision to not have hearings or a vote on a Supreme Court nominee in 2016
Does Trump's speech on immigration in Phoenix change anything in the race?
5th Circuit Court of Appeals rules Machine guns are not protected by the Second Amendment
How come Cheney had so much power as VP? Why did other VPs have more/less?
Elizabeth Warren calls out Krugman over "revisionist history" regarding too big to fail banks
Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi may have nixed plans to investigate Trump University after personally soliciting and receiving a political contribution from Donald Trump. What political repercussions may we expect from this?
What should the consequences of the recent Donna Brazile allegations be?
Freedom Caucus members of the House GOP have hinted at ousting Paul Ryan as Speaker in 2017. What are the odds of this actually happening and what would the ramifications be of a Freedom Caucus Speaker in a likely Clinton presidency?
Nate Silver article suggests that Sanders supporters may be hurting Clinton in national polling. Thoughts?
Clinton and Sanders supporters: What impressed you about the other side's candidate in tonight's debate?
There continues to be a push by #NeverTrump Republicans to stage an insurrection at the GOP convention by unbinding the delegates to keep Trump from winning the nomination. Can they actually pull it off?
As Deep Red State Oklahoma eyes expanding its Medicaid program to bring in billions of federal dollars from the Obamacare Medicaid Expansion, will the remaining 18 states follow suit?
RNC's strategy for attacking Clinton's potential VP picks has been leaked. Do you think it'll be effective?
Terror attacks in Brussels: I hate to politicize this, but that's this sub's purpose. How will this affect our race? Trump in particular. Europe?
Senator Sasse of Nebraska says that he will support a third party candidate if Donald Trump is the Republican nominee
Is political conspiracy theorism becoming more mainstream in the US?
Trump VP shortlist reduced to four names: Christie, Gingrich, Sessions and Fallon. Which choice would be the best for his ticket?
The Brexit vote is on Thursday and the polls are close.
March 3, 2016. The day the Republican Party collapsed?
Will Donald Trump attempt a hostile takeover of the Republican Party?
Bernie says Convention could be "messy" and "Democracy is not always nice and quiet and gentle". What does this mean for the Democrats and Clinton?
Is it possible Millennials are overestimating their influence on the election?
What do you think of the Pentagon's internal memo laying out a strategy to attack Speaker Paul Ryan's defense spending plan? Is it a case of the Pentagon putting politics first, or a legitimate effort to stop a bad plan?
Latest WI poll with huge likely voter sample: Trump 31%, Kasich 29%, Cruz 27%
Out of curiosity, I projected out 538's delegate targets to show what Sanders needs in each state to overcome his deficit. Is there any argument to make that he can hit any of these targets?
Is the lack of a shared political reality a new thing, and can we overcome it?
What are the possible political repercussions of the Sanders/Trump debate spectacle?
Chris Christie Campaign's finance co-chair Meg Whitman has called his endorsement of Trump, "an astonishing display of political opportunism."
Congress releases '28 pages' on alleged Saudi 9/11 ties
Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski charged with battery for grabbing reporter in Florida, how much does it hurt Trump's campaign?
Kasich Signs Bill Defunding Planned Parenthood
Should the Republican party change their presidential primary rules for 2020?
538's 2016 Election Model: Competitive States
New NY Times/CBS Nows General Election Poll: Clinton 47, Trump 41
Bush 41 and Bush 43 will sit out the 2016 election.
What are the consequences of the Republican Party denying the nomination from the candidate who received the most primary votes?
Obama advocates for a curating function to combat misinformation. How might that work?
Colombians vote against FARC Peace Deal
Would you legalize prostitution?
What powers does the president have that few people know about?
CNN is reporting that the Rubio campaign is telling top donors that they are preparing for a brokered convention. Thoughts?
Is Trump's proposal to enact a nationwide stop and frisk policy something he could enact as President?
Is Trump Preparing to Walk Back His Campaign's Stance on Immigration?
As Obama's term begins to wind down his legacy and performance is pretty much solidified at this point. So for a change how about we talk about the performance of governors?
Clinton just released a detailed outline of her Healthcare policies. Will it have bipartisan appeal, especially with Moderates and Sanders voters?
5 Years Ago, Hillary Clinton's Favorable was 66%, What Happened?
Clinton maintains big lead over Sanders in CNN national poll. Trump gains.
Democrat's Filibuster ends after 14+ hours, Senate will vote on Closing Terror Gap & Universal Background Checks. What does this lead to?
Hearing that Hillary's campaign chairperson is obsessed with UFO's makes me want to ask: What are your favorite tidbits/quirks of modern politicians?
What is something you admire about your least favorite candidate?
Arnold Schwarzenegger campaigning for John Kasich.
[Debate Megathread
Would basically any other candidate have been better for the #NeverTrump movement than Cruz?
Hawaii Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard just announced her resignation as DNC Vice Chairwoman and endorsed Bernie Sanders for President.
You are allowed to create an ad for one of the candidates this election. What is your ad?
What If Trump Drops Out?
At the convention, there was quite a bit of discussion about the Obama's difficult decision to carry out the raid that caught Osama bin Laden. What would have been the consequences if we carried out the raid and bin Laden was not in that house?
Jim Gilmore officially drops out. Does this turn the race on its head?
Anybody else find it ironic that Mitt Romney was considered too wealthy to connect with voters but Trump is connecting with conservative voters despite being 20x wealthier than he is?
What are some of the most unexpected procedural oddities in political history?
[Convention Post-Thread
Brexit: Britain votes today!
Nate Silver: 50% chance of Trump winning the nomination
Is Trump on to something? His campaign barely exists and yet the race is nearly a dead heat.
How should Hillary respond to questions about Bill Clinton's affairs?
Maine governor Paul LePage said this morning that he is considering resigning. Can an elected official ever consider resignation, not resign, and be effective in his or her office?
How realistic are the GOP's chances of winning the White House in November? What do you think their best path is?
What defines your political ideology and beliefs and how did you end up believing what you do?
The NYTM reports that Trump had offered to put Kasich in charge of both domestic and foreign policy if he agreed to VP. Has such a delegation of presidential authority ever been attempted before?
Mark Kirk has broken ranks with Senate Republicans and said he would be open to meeting an Obama SCOTUS nominee. What are the implications of this?
White House official says that Obama thinks Clinton is qualified to be President
Ted Cruz rumored to announce Trump endorsement soon
A majority of Americans have supported Euthanasia since 1972. Today, 69% of Americans support such change. Yet only a handful states allow it. Why could this be the case?
The CEOs of Verizon and GE have issued statements refuting claims from Sanders that their companies are "destroying the moral fabric of America
Do any of the recent "Podesta leaks" contain anything truly damning?
Isn't Bernie the EXACT type of candidate the Republicans would want to face?
Trump: "Sanders was right, Hillary is unqualified to become president." By using Sanders attacks against her, could that hurt the Democrats in the general?
VP Debate Post Thread
Iran's actions on the international stage can no longer be ignored.
What can Hillary Clinton do to win over millennials?
Roger Ailes withdraws endorsement of Marco Rubio
Donald Trumps presidential campaign is spurring a record number of citizenship applications and increases in voter registration among Latinos upset by the candidates rhetoric and fearful of his plans to crack down on immigration.
"Nobody can recall a Christmas Day when the temperature was 65 degrees. Why is it that we're not effectively addressing climate change?" -Sen. Bernie Sanders via Twitter. Why isn't the senator getting grilled on this at the moment?
Why was Ross Perot so successful as a 3rd party candidate and why hasn't anyone else been able to match what he achieved?
Is the political landscape of the 21st century going to be less about Left vs Right politics and more about Globalist vs Nationalist politics?
Russian spies steals DNC opposition research on Trump. What do Russians need this for?
"Marco Rubio NOT under consideration for VP" says Trump
U.S. Directs Public Schools to Allow Transgender Access to Restrooms
With Trump invoking Bill Clinton's infidelities as testament of Hillary Clinton's character, are Trump's own infidelities now up for discussion?
Rubio is 3rd in 8/10 states. How can his campaign possibly spin this into a win?
Why don't the parties require candidates to release detailed health forms and their tax returns in advance of the first caucuses?
Paul Ryan on twitter: "I'll be voting for @realDonaldTrump this fall. I'm confident he will help turn the House GOP's agenda into laws." -- What does this mean?
New poll shows Clinton beating Sanders in Silicon Valley 43-30
Why isn't Al Gore more active in the Democratic Party?
Trump has been soliciting contributions from foreign politicians. What is he trying to accomplish with this?
George H.W. Bush is reportedly voting for Clinton. How does this affect the race?
[MEGATHREAD
New Quinnipiac poll of New York: Clinton 54 - Sanders 42. Trump 56 - Cruz 20 - Kasich 19.
What can possibly be done to revive Appalachia?
This election, Maine is voting on an initiative that would allow voters to rank their choices of candidates. Would there be any wider reaching impact if this passes?
Hypothetically, what would each of the factions of the Democratic and Republican parties look like if they were parties of their own?
It seems like everything a president does besides signing or vetoing legislation gets called "executive overreach." What power does a president actually have, besides signing or vetoing legislation, that isn't commonly considered "executive overreach"?
Why is socially liberal, fiscally conserative not possible?
What can we do to fix k-12 education? My home town is considering closing all it's high schools, why focus on college when kids can't even go to high school?
Bernie Sanders wins Clark County Convention, and therefor Nevada? How does this happen?
Does the Bernie campaign have a problem with vetting what their surrogates say?
Has the Shift of Virginia to a "lean Democrat" state essentially ended the ability for the GOP to win the Presidency?
"During my first year, I will fight to abolish the IRS," says Ted Cruz's website. And then what happens, President Cruz?
Should Clinton or Trump do a 30-minute ad buy like Obama did in 2008?
No former Republican presidents or presidential nominees plan to attend the Republican convention in July, save for Bob Dole who will not commit to voting for the GOP nominee.
New PA poll (mostly post-3/15): Trump 33%, Kasich 30%, Cruz 20%
Why Tuesday March 15th is the most important day of the Democratic Primary
If Clinton wins, but the Republicans maintain Senate control, will they let her appoint a justice to the Supreme Court, or is it possible they hold out for four years?
Cruz making "big announcement" at 4:00 pm
New PPP Super Tuesday/early March polling released. Clinton leads in every state but Vermont and Massachusetts.
Who do you think had the worst timing with their presidential runs?
French President Francois Hollande has strongly criticized Donald Trump, saying some of the things Trump does make him sick
Politico: More Sanders staffers exit campaign
Mitt Romney to join John Kasich on the campaign trail Monday.
My theory is that if Hillary's Emails were to become a real issue, Obama and top tier Democrats would already know and would be scrambling to find a replacement.
A new poll has McMullin (I) in a statistical tie with Trump and Clinton in Utah. If he were to win the state, would his impact be felt longer-term than the other third-party candidates?
Do any of you feel it's unethical for non-Americans to phone bank?
Uzbekistan's President, Islam Karimov, is currently in hospital, with rumours of his death circulating on social media. What implications will the possible death of Karimov have on Central Asia, and Russian relations with the region?
The Washington Post is reporting that Elizabeth Warren will endorse Hillary Clinton after the final round of primaries. Is her endorsement enough to begin to heal the Sanders/Clinton divide?
Palin endorses Trump
Can you think of anything Trump can do/say that would get his base to not vote for him?
Evan Bayh is reportedly entering the Indiana Senate race. Does this change the likelihood of a Republican win there?
Obama, Sanders and Clinton today condemned the violence by protesters. How you interpret the style of their answer and how you think they will handle if it keep happening?
Sanders only 3 points back in NBC Iowa poll
I've heard people call Jill Stein "crazy" and portray her as a fringe candidate. Is this simply an image problem, or is she really on the political fringe?
California has 17 upcoming ballot initiatives. Which ones do you support or oppose, and why?
Gov. Larry Hogan (R-MD) says he doesn't plan on voting for Donald Trump. Will we see more GOP governors/senators come out against Trump and who might they be?
I've posted the Nate Silver Chart ("White Liberals = Great Wall Of Bernie") as much as anyone. But with new data from IA & NH, is it time to rethink? I crunch the numbers inside.
Missouri is the 11th State to Pass a "Constitutional Carry" Firearm Law. Will More States Follow This Trend?
Hillary Clinton is largely performing as well or better than Barack Obama did in 2012, except among white men without a degree where she does far worse. How does that shape the race? Should Clinton target those voters? Could Trump win mainly due to his support among that group
Donald Trump would make an "exception" for London's Muslim mayor Sadiq Khan visiting America
The petition for a 2nd vote on the Brexit referendum
Gov. John Kasich believes Donald Trump "probably can't win" Ohio. Thoughts?
Marco Rubio: What do people see in him and how did he end up as the establishment candidate?
The senate has voted overwhelmingly to deny Obama's veto of the 9/11 bill. What happens next?
What do you think about John McCain's comment that Obama is 'directly responsible' for Orlando massacre?
Are there any Clinton supporters here that would Not support Sanders if he somehow won the primary?
President Obamas assessment of the rise of Donald Trump
Van Der Bellen (Greens) BARELY beats Hofer (FPO) in race for Austrian President
Obama Cites Lack of 'Day After' Plan in Libya as 'Biggest Mistake' of his presidency
Sen. Sanders was ranked the least bipartisan Senator in the entire Senate by the Lugar Center's Bipartisan Index (even less bipartisan than Texas Sen. Ted Cruz)
How do you predict the first debate will go?
Do the Sanders Supporters who are attacking John Lewis understand how bad of a plan that is?
Clinton is going to offer debt forgiveness to young entrepreneurs in a new technology agenda at a campaign stop in Denver.
Senator Merkley has said it is time to unify behind Hillary Clinton, putting pressure on Sanders to concede. Will this pressure from Sanders highest profile endorsement have any effect on his decision to continue his campaign?
Obama's approval rating hits a 3 year high
Final Iowa Des Moines/Bloomberg Poll by Ann Selzer: Trump 28% Cruz 23% Rubio 15%, Clinton 45% Sanders 42%
Clinton's speech on the alt-right: what is the historical precedent? What is the larger strategy? How will it play out?
The geopolitics of delegate seating: The 2016 RNC just released their seating arrangement.
Senator Jeff Sessions to endorse Trump
Elizabeth Warren: "Trump is a loser" - in light of her statement today, what impact might Warren have on the general election, especially when appealing to disaffected Bernie voters?
Trump calls for total ban on Muslims entering the U.S.
According to the USC/LA Times Poll, Clinton has a +9 lead among women, and Trump has a +9 lead among men. Would it be easier for Clinton to win over men, or for Trump to win over women?
Will Mike Pence bring LGBT issues to the forefront of the 2016 campaign?
Why have Bernie supporters rallied behind Clinton so quickly?
As the Republican Party schism unfolds, what do you think of the possibility that well see GOP members of Congress switch parties?
According to Nate Silver, in 2012 male voters preferred Romney while female voters preferred Obama, and in 2016 men prefer Trump while women prefer Clinton. Is such a gender split a new phenomenon, and what are the implications when the genders disagree on the direction for the country?
Trump just said in a speech that he would impose a 35% tariff on goods produced in factories that have moved to Mexico from the US. How would this work?
Senator Susan Collins (R-ME) says if former Governor Bill Weld was on top of the LP ticket she would endorse
Reince Priebus on Twitter: "[Donald Trump
A new study going around shows that, according to Politifact's fact checking, Hillary Clinton is the most honest of the remaining Presidential candidates, including Bernie. Is this plausible?
Who are the smartest and most informative poltical authors to read?
Is the lack of fundraising by the Trump Campaign an indication that the GOP expects he won't be the nominee?
Johnson receives first Congressional endorsement. Is this the beginning of a wave?
The official Republican Convention schedule has been announced.
A recently released poll in Utah shows Trump, Clinton, and write-in Evan McMullin in a statistical tie. What effects would there be if Utah ended up going blue, or even 3rd-party?
Do candidates often adopt the views of voters, or do voters adopt the views of the candidates?
John Kasich gets standing ovation at town hall for saying "I won't take the low road to the highest office"
New Quinnipiac Florida poll. Trump leads Rubio 44 to 28. Cruz 12, Kasich 7, Carson 4.
The complete 2016 GOP Platform is out
Democratic lawmakers have begun a sit-in on the US House floor. Will this change or create discussion regarding gun laws?
Paul Ryan, Priebus, and Sasse to have meeting with Mitt Romney.
FiveThirtyEight predicts in 10 years the Democratic party would make major shift to become much more liberal. How would that affect this country?
Bush campaign rumored to be broke. May stop paying staffers on Saturday. Is this the end for Jeb?
Short of becoming a politician, what is the best way to influence change?
In modern American history, what are the greatest policy failures?
Newt Gingrich "actively lobbying" to be Trump's VP
Why isn't Hillary using the Supreme Court vacancy to her advantage in ads?
Is Mark Cuban setting himself up to be the Democratic version of Trump?
Hillary proclaims herself Nominee
Super Thursday is finally here! Who will win the U.S. Virgin Islands caucuses?
Megathread: Commander-in-Chief Forum
Why is Alaska becoming more competitive in presidential elections?
How can Mike Pence and Tim Kaine theoretically "win" tonight's debate for their sides?
Donald Trump's campaign is vetting Chris Christie as a potential running mate, according to multiple reports
North Carolina sues Justice Department over HB2
Sanders: Don't blame my supporters for violence at Trump rally
67% of Americans find Hillary Clinton untrustworthy, would that be a problem in a general election?
What's a worst case scenario "October Surprise" for Clinton? How do you prepare for it?
In West Virginia, 44% of Sanders voters said they would vote Trump in the general
Do you consider "good" to be the enemy of "perfect"? That's from a Bill Clinton quote about how progressives felt about Ralph Nader ("perfect") versus Al Gore ("good").
Are we due for a transition to the 7th party system?
Former senators Russ Feingold (D-WI) and Evan Bayh (D-IN) have been out of the senate since 2011 but are making runs this year. If Feingold, Bayh, or both are elected, would they have leadership positions in the senate like tenured members or would they be relegated to first term status?
Should President Obama pardon Edward Snowden?
Is support for Trump going to be affected by his foreign policy plan with Russia?
If victorious, Trump (70) will be the oldest president to take the oath of office. Sanders (75) or Biden (74) also would have broken Reagan's (69 years, 11 months) record. Hillary (69 years, 3 months) would be close behind. Is it merely coincidence that so many major players in 2016 are this old?
[Polling Megathread
Donald Trump has threatened to leave NAFTA if elected. What would be political and economic consequences of this?
Donald Trump Tells Evangelical Leaders He Will End Decades-Old Ban on Church Politicking. Is this politically viable?
Gary Johnson receives 11% support with only 24% of voters recognizing his name. He needs 15% to be included in the Fall debates. What are his chances of being included?
Cruz: "I'm not running to be pastor in chief." Has his religious zealotry been overblown this election cycle?
The Sanders Campaign Claims the Second Half of the Race is Favorable for Him - Realistic? Or Overly Optimistic?
PPP Florida poll: Trump beats Rubio by double digits even head-to-head
Glenn Beck: "If they put Donald Trump in, try to put him in office, if that's what the people want, you are going to see an end to the Republican Party. It will just be over, there'll just be nothing left."
What happened to the "complete excavation" of Donald Trump we were supposed to get from the HRC campaign?
International Tribunal rules in favor of the Phillipines in its dispute with China over territorial claims in the South China Sea.
Sanders interview on TYT and the intent of his campaign
Would Marco Rubio have beaten Clinton?
Has a campaign ad ever changed your vote?
Johnson/Weld is now the official Libertarian ticket for the 2016 presidential election.
Rowanne Brewer, one of the women profiled in the New York Times piece about Trump and his mistreatetment of women, has come out against the piece and is defending Trump
Bernie Sanders to cut hundreds of staff, focus on California
Today's developments in Myanmar/Burma: What happened, background, and why you should care
If the Dems do capture both chambers of Congress, what legislation would likely get passed between 2017 and the midterms?
With the RNC abandoning Trump, is the House now in play?
Can the Democrats ever regain the House?
Bill Clinton and BLM Protesters
Bernie Sanders still has a major problem with Black voters in a WI exit poll
China announces sanctions on North Korea
RNC Member: "Political parties choose their nominee, not the general public"
Why is rural Wisconsin more blue than suburban Wisconsin?
If Johnson and Stein don't make the debates, what will their supporters do?
Justice Ginsburg has now called Donald Trump a "faker" with "no consistency" and she criticized his refusal to release his tax returns. Has the Court become too political?
How are you going to decide who to vote for in the presidential election?
Poll shows that 67% of Americans find Hillary to be untrustworthy. How can Hillary improve her image before November?
Exit Polls State Only 8% of New York Republicans Think "Who Will Win In November" Is An Important Factor In The Primaries
What will be the implications of the Pirate Party forming a coalition government if they are successful in today's Icelandic parliamentary election?
Ben Shapiro and Milo Yiannopoulos have agreed to a debate on whether Trump and the alt-right are good for America. Are people interested in watching this?
MoveOn and BLM are formally confirming that they helped organize Trump protests .How will this change political rallies in near future
Almost zero information on local candidates. This is why some people don't vote.
What happened between 1988 and 1992 that turned California from a Republican-leaning swing state to solid Democrat territory?
The Sam Nunberg lawsuit - is Trump running a "secret shadow operation"?
Can the Trump campaign start to fundraise effectively enough to run a national campaign?
Philippines election discussion thread - Duterte wins
Huntsman calls on GOP to rally around Trump
Barney Frank says that caucuses are "the least democratic political operation in America". Thoughts?
A majority of GOP voters want the party to stick by Trump; what does this mean, and does this mean the most recent tapes didn't have that much of an effect?
Sanders supporters are planning a massive 4-day protests to disrupt the Democratic convention.
Rand Paul suspends his campaign. What impact will this have?
GOP congressmen propose healthcare bill
Hillary's Top Campaign Doner is... a Law Firm Fighting For Medical Marijuana in Florida?
Today, the campaign of Democratic presidential candidate and Sen. Bernie Sanders accused the national Democratic Party of working to "actively undermine" its campaign. Thoughts?
I put Clinton, Trump, and Holt's debate transcripts through a "readability" (reading grade level) calculator. Do they meet your expectations?
What are your thoughts on Hillary Clinton's proposals/policies for addressing mental health care?
With all that's happening, has anyone noticed that Obama's approval ratings have actually taken an upturn lately?
Bernie Sanders (I-VT) and Tim Kaine (D-VA) were the only Senators to abstain from overriding Obama's veto on 9/11 bill. Why?
Will the events in Florida cause a surge in support for Trump?
Democratic Primary Predictions Updated: A comparison of multiple FiveThirtyEight, Predict Wise, Tyler Pedigo predictions, and a comparison of two different polling aggregation techniques.
Trump's victory speech showed that he's already shifting gears for the general.
Will Rep. Steve King's racist statement be the 2016 equivalent of the "women's bodies can shut down rape pregnancies" gaffe in 2012?
New GOP polls. OH- Kasich and Trump tied at 38%. FL- Trump 46%, Rubio 22%
Post-prediction post-mortem on the Nevada Caucus - How the candidates compared to their expectations
Should Mike Pence consider abandoning Trump?
Switzerland voted away the guaranteed income
What is the future of the Chinese Communist Party?
New announcement of independent conservative presidential bid by Evan McMullin - will he go the way of David French or will he have some staying power?
[Convention Megathread
Rubio's Communication Director on CNN today: Rubio supporters in Ohio should vote for Kasich
DNC rolls back Obama ban on contributions from federal lobbyists
The topics for the third and final presidential debate have been announced. Are these topics appropriate for the final debate and how do you feel they will be answered by the candidates?
Was the middle class just an anomaly of the 20th century, and, barring some sort of intervention, are we now simply retracting back to a society of upper and lower classes?
What is the realistically the best possible scenario for the Republican Party this year?
What is the explanation for Ted Cruz's near-majority win of Maine, which is said to be one of the least religious states in the United States?
After Romney lost in 2012 the GOP did an autopsy of the election and determined they needed to attract more women, minority and LGBT voters. If Trump loses, what will be the post-mortem after the election?
What would a debate without moderators be like?
Trump Institute (separate from Trump University) - NYTimes alleges plagiarism, fraud
For those who think society has become "too P.C." what exactly do you find too Politically Correct?
Should Voting rights be viewed as an inalienable right, even for ex-felons and current inmates?
You get to Ask Donald Trump a Question at one of the Debates. What do you ask?
If Trump and Clinton become the nominees, will that change Senate Republicans stance on the Supreme Court Nomination while Obama is in office?
A string of polls from New Hampshire put Ohio Gov. John Kasich in 2nd place in the GOP race. Two other super PAC surveys also place Kasich in second. Any thoughts on this recent surge?
Who would be the Speaker of the House if the Democrats were to regain control?
MN DFL petitions state supreme court to remove Trump from Minnesota's ballot
If you were able to ask Hilliary Clinton one question at the debates, what would you ask?
A number of Cuban Republicans from Florida are refusing to endorse Trump. Will this be a problem in November?
Jon Huntsman says 'something stinks' with Romney's (quasi) endorsement of Cruz in UT
Should the Kurdish people have an independent country, such as Israel?
Trump is walking back his Muslim ban. Is this a pivot? Will it work?
Clinton won the Nebraska primary despite losing the earlier caucus.
The Quinnipiac swing state poll has been released. What does this mean for the GE?
Mitt Romney will back Senator Ted Cruz in the upcoming Utah caucus
Do people legitimately believe Trump will "destroy" Hillary in a general election?
Why doesn't Sanders call himself a Social Democrat?
Bernie Sanders' campaign walked back $83 billion in prescription drug savings when a reporter asked them about it
I've seen mentioned many times that the Obama administration is responsible for the biggest crackdown on whistle-blowers. I don't understand exactly how much power the president has in this process, how directly is he related to this outcome?
Will London lose its supremacy as a world city because of Brexit?
New CA polls shows Trump up by 34% and Clinton up by 19%. Is this primary race completely over on both sides?
NBC/WSJ/Marist: Kasich leads Trump 39% to 33% in Ohio
Let's imagine that Trump wins the election. From there, what do you think happens to the Democrats?
Where have you disagreed with your favorite political pundit?
Trump: Rivals who don't back me shouldn't be allowed to run for office. Should politicians that do not honor the GOP pledge be forbidden to run for office by the Executive? By the Party?
Trump: GOP will become 'worker's party' under me
It looks as if the Republicans are really committed to running a third party candidate in Trump is the nominee.
On Monday, oil dropped to $37 a barrel (down from $110 a barrel in January of 2014). Analysts are saying that it may reach the $20 range when Iranian oil comes on the market in January. What ever happened to all of the "peak oil" talk heard around the political world a few years ago?
Barack Obama is considered a very skilled orator. With 7/8ths of his presidency behind us, what do you think will go down as his most impactful speech?
Trump supporters, when did America stop being great?
Trump's Healthcare Reform plan just released. Thoughts?
Does Trump's stop-and-frisk gun policy concern 2nd amendment proponents?
Both the GOP platform and the DEM platform call for the reinstatement of Glass Steagall.
What happened to the Republican 2012 Election Post Mortem Plan?
Justice Department declares NC transgender law violates Civil Rights Act
Paul Ryan has said he will NOT accept a nomination. "(he) believes our nominee should be someone who ran this year."
What do you make of the fact that voter turnout is way up for the GOP so far, and down for the Democrats (compared to 2008)?
Sanders held a press conference today where he laid out his demands to the DNC. Is he likely to get what he wants?
Bernie Sanders didn't lose South Carolina because of slacktivist young people staying home.
The Des Moines Register editorial board is calling for the Iowa Democratic Party to carefully and thoroughly review and scrutinize the caucus results. Should the party do so?
Do you want Bernie Sanders as your Commander and Chief?
Obama's Final 100 Days
Should the ban on Congressional earmarks and pork barrel spending be reversed?
Harry Enten wrote yesterday about how young voters are rejecting both Trump and Clinton at levels they didn't reject previous nominees. Why is this? Will it change?
A nuclear launch expert at Politico examines what it would be like with Donald Trump in control of nukes
Sen. Cotton (R-AR): U.S. has 'under-incarceration problem'
What do you make of Bernie's "You don't know what it's like to be poor" quote?
NYT Editorial Board endorses Hillary Clinton
During the primaries, John Kasich (R-OH) called for a federal agency to promote "Judeo-Christian Western values". How would such an agency look, could it pass Congress if Kasich were elected, and what would be its foreign-policy impacts?
Non-Americans, how are the US Presidential Elections being reported on / discussed in your country? What are opinions around the world?
[Convention Post-Thread
Nebraska state senator Laura Ebke has left the GOP and joined the Libertarian Party. Could we start seeing more politicians defect to the LP given the current political atmosphere?
A new poll has Hillary Clinton leading Donald Trump by 13 points... in Georgia. Discuss.
NY Governor Andrew Cuomo has just issued an executive order prohibiting state funded travel to North Carolina due to NC's new transgender law. What are your thoughts on this? Do you agree? Would you like your governor to do the same?
With Trump's unfavorables growing even more such that 7 in 10 Americans disapprove of him. Can the Republicans safely take the nomination from him without backlash?
Kasich "not inclined" to run with Trump, nor will he endorse him.
Pfizer Joins 25 Other Pharmaceutical Companys, Says Its Blocking Use Of Drugs For Lethal Injections
Anti-Trump block highway in AZ near Trump Rally. Are they engaged citizens or one of the reasons "We Don't Win Anymore?"
Trump says he "probably won't" attend the Fox News debate
[Polling Megathread
The U.N has declared antibiotics resistance "the greatest and most urgent global risk" - more so than climate change apparently. What can governments do to tackle this issue?
If the allegations are true that Russia was responsible for the DNC emails hacks (or even if the DNC/Hillary campaign strongly believe it), how would this affect Russian-American relations if Hillary becomes President?
James Carville believes Trump may end up not being nominated. Is there any merit to this belief?
Final Marquette Univ. WI Poll: Cruz 40, Trump 30, Kasich 21 // Sanders 49, Clinton 44
Putin calls Trump an 'outstanding, talented man'
Can the Republican party become more attractive to minorities without adopting any "progressive" policies?
How can the Democratic party get more people to vote in important midterm elections?
[Convention Megathread
Fivethirtyeight brought up an interesting theory about Cruz's press conference today: an independent Cruz/Fiorina run.
Could an EU centralised military force be implemented and what purpose would it serve?
Assuming Clinton wins, could she possibly appoint three new Supreme Court justices by the 2018 midterms?
Sanders is now demanding that Clinton adopt some of his positions that they disagree on for his endorsement. What effect will this have on the Democratic race, especially in the general?
At a rally yesterday Trump said, "You know, we have a divided country, folks. We have a terrible president who happens to be African-American." He's retweeted white supremacists multiple times. Why isn't this pattern of behavior hurting him? Is it possible that it's actually helping him?
[Final 2016 Polling Megathread
[Debate pre-game
Will the Republicans continue to block the Supreme Court nominations should Hillary win?
Why do American libertarians so often lean toward the Republican Party?
Free college tuition in Scotland has been criticized as a "windfall to the affluent at the expense of the working class." How can we avoid this from happening in America if we adopt similar policies?
Should Rubio drop out?
If Trump is a "proof of concept" for a particular style of politics but personally doomed to failure, who is it that can take Trumpism and win?
New Georgia Poll: Clinton +52, Trump +9
Britain Will Have Its First Female Prime Minister Since Thatcher. How Will These Candidates Affect the Future of the UK?
Over 19% of Oklahoma voters in the Democrat Primary identified as conservative. They went 54-22 for Sanders. Was Sanders' Oklahoma win a pro-Sanders surge, or anti-Clinton voting from GOP supporters?
Bloomberg officially confirmed today that he's considering a run for President
DNC CEO and 2 other high level staffers resign
George W. Bush has recently expressed his fear that he may be "the last Republican President". If Trump loses in November, will this fear be justified?
Clinton says she won't respond to Trump's personal attacks. Will it work?
Why are the same folks who said it is wrong to blame Muslims for the Paris attacks are eager to blame pro-lifers for the Colorado shooting nutjob?
Why are Senate races not following the trendline of the presidential race?
Do you personally know any undecided voters? Did the debate change their mind at all? In what way?
What would it take for Republican leaders to rescind endorsements for Trump? Would it affect his poll numbers?
Has ethnonationalism replaced communism as the main ideological opponent of the liberal, capitalist, democratic world order?
After meeting with President Obama, Bernie Sanders is not dropping out.
Does Sanders still have a realistic chance at nomination?
[Polling Megathread
Hillary's plan to address climate change states she will be able to implement her plans "without relying on climate deniers in Congress to pass new legislation." Is that possible? If so, why hasn't the Obama administration already implemented it?
[Polling Megathread
A Romney ally is forming a group that is supposed to fund ballot access in all 50 states for an anti trump third party candidate to run.
Are there any millennial supporters of Hillary Clinton? If so why do you support her?
Trump has changed his tax plan to be more in line with the house republicans plan. Is this new plan better or worse than his old one?
Trump will soon be receiving classified CIA briefings. What is the fallout if he blurts out sensitive intel?
Pope Francis will not be in Vatican during Bernie's visit
Hooooboy. The Donald just tweeted: "Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus, either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified." He blames Cruz's voter mailers and a subordinate's tweet about Carson leaving the race. Your thoughts?
Sanders Supporters
Pro-Gun People of Reddit, what is an acceptable amount of regulation for you?
[Convention Megathread
What were the worst 24 hours in the history of a major US political party?
Donald Trump has said that the US will not default because it can print money. Is this a sound policy?
The creator of LBJ's "Daisy" ad says he's itching to sign up with Hillary, do you think LBJ's 60's style ads could work against Trump?
Of the thousands of people who heard Hillary Clinton's supposedly infamous paid speeches, why has nobody come forward and revealed their contents?
Bernie Sanders has outlined his list of reforms for the Democratic Party  What do you think of them?
Bernie Sanders says he will not be releasing his tax returns before NY because his wife files them. What do you make of this?
Why are Republicans/Conservatives against trading with Cuba due to the repression of its government but alright with China, Burma, Saudi Arabia, etc? Why is Cuba unique?
NYT reports that "Michael R. Bloomberg has instructed advisers to draw up plans for an independent campaign in this years presidential race." If he ran as an independent, how would this change the dynamics of the election?
What have you found to be the most disappointing thing about this election season so far?
Did Donald Trump just seal the nomination?
California has eliminated the statute of limitations in the case of rape.
Donald Trump could easily win Ohio but lose the electoral college. What would the inplictions of this be, and what does that say about Ohio's status as a top-tier swing state?
Trying US citizens at Guantanamo and its implications
Justice clearance Thomas is reportedly considering retirement after the election. what would be the effect of having multiple supreme Court vacancies at the same time?
Trump oppo document leaked.
Britons of Reddit, do you support the continuation of the monarchy after Queen Elizabeth passes away?
Seriously thinking of becoming a Democrat
In 2014 Florida voters rejected a constitutional amendment for medical marijuana. It got 57% but needed 60%. Now its back on the ballot again for the presidential election. Is it likely to win this time?
Hillary Clinton leads the Washington primary beauty contest 54% to 46% with over 650k ballots counted. Considering Bernie Sanders won the March 26 caucus 73% to 27% with an estimated 230k votes cast, how does this affect the caucus v. primary debate as well as the remaining primary contests?
McCain and Kirkpatrick tied in the latest AZ senate race poll
What exactly is the Sanders theory of revolution if not supporting down-ballot Dems? Asked about fundraising down-ballot, he says, "we'll see"
RealClearPolitics has moved Texas to "tossup" status. Does this sudden change surprise you? Is it a change specific to this election or is it now truly a swing state?
What will happen to the GOP if Trump does not concede and/or declares the election to be a sham?
Trump using teleprompter attacks free trade and globalization. Is the gop turning against business?
Sanders just explicitly said that the Democratic Convention is going to be contested. How would this be possible?
Trump just released a list of 11 possible supreme court nominees. What do we all think of them?
What in the world is Jeb Bush up to all the sudden?
If Obama was running for president would you vote for him?
Are people really upset because someone forwarded Clinton an NYT article?
Should Hillary supporters in Utah vote for McMullin?
Senate democrats are pushing bills that would increase the funding for the FBI and give them a notification if someone previously investigated is trying to buy a firearm. Do you think these measures will pass?
Asked by a reporter about the water crisis in California, Bernie says he has not studied the issue. What do you make of this?
What would you consider Hilary Clinton's major political accomplishments to be?
Quinnipiac: Trump leads Rubio in Florida 44% - 22%; Trump also leads Kasich in Ohio 38% - 32%
Clinton takes NV, what impact will this have on SC for her and Sanders?
Megathread: Turkish Coup
Clinton's first general election ad
NEW POLL - Carson slips to third place, Rubio moves to second place, Trump maintains 10% lead over Rubio
[Polling Megathread
What's the value to both sides of a meeting between Trump and Mexico President Nieto?
[Convention Post-Thread
What could Donald Trump accomplish purely through Executive Action as President?
Trump Issues Statement on TrumpU Case
Jeff Weaver just promised Chris Matthews that Bernie would release more tax returns
Is Donald Trump flip flopping on the issue of taxes for the rich?
Why are Bernie Sanders supporters protesting George Clooney?
Senator Lindsey Graham backs Ted Cruz for president.
Main policy differences between Obama and Hillary Clinton?
The Australian Prime Minister, Malcolm Turnbull, has called a double dissolution election for July 2: Australia could have their 5th PM in 5 years.
Former first lady Laura Bush hinted that she may support Hillary Clinton for president. What's your take?
Why has moderation or compromise become a negative in politics?
With regard to North Korea's nuclear program: at what point do the United States, Japan, and South Korea say "enough"?
Are we in a "post-fact" era when it comes to politics and governing?
Why do Republicans often say that because of Obama, America is viewed negatively?
If Rick Perry successfully primaries Ted Cruz in 2018, what would the implications be for the GOP, and what would the future hold for Perry and Cruz?
Have you ever had your view changed by political discussion online?
Gary Johnson could be a HUGE player in this year's election.
Paul Ryan just announced that he will give a surprise speech at the RNC today making it clear that he will not seek the Republican nomination for President. What effect, if any, does this have on the race?
Clinton calls Sanders a "Democrat-come-lately," questions the merits of nominating a non-Democrat for the Democratic Party. Does she have a point?
Tim Kaine delivered a speech entirely in Spanish in Miami this weekend. How is the speech (and Kaine in general) playing among Latino and Spanish-speaking voters?
The 3 topics of conversation for the first Presidential debate have been released, what can we expect each candidate to talk about?
What are the implications of the recent FBI report on both the election and the releasing of the candidates Health records?
With the shooting of Alton Sterling in Baton Rouge, will police brutality become a larger issue on the campaign trail?
Why are there so many seemingly "blue" states with GOP governors?
Elizibeth Warren calls Trump a "insecure money grubber" a "Union Buster" and a "climate change denier", is Warren talking on the role of attack dog to help keep Clinton off the front pages for now?
McCain told fundraisers that Trump hurts his campaign
What is Henry Kissinger guilty of or thought guilty of that made Bernie react so strongly to Hil's taking advice from him?
Does Reddit's endless love for Bernie Sanders change how you feel about him?
Trump sounded like a liberal last night.
NBC pointed out that Clinton is simultaneously reaching out to Republicans and holding fast to progressive policies. Will she be able to do both?
Hi I have question about US Army in South Korea.
I read somewhere the Brexit vote is non-binding. Could the next candidate for PM run on an "I will not initiate Article 50" and if elected, declare a mandate?
Puerto Rico Democratic Primary
Let's take a break from presidential primary discussions and talk BHO.
Washington Post is reporting that Nevada Governor Brian Sandoval is being vetted by the Obama Administration as a possible SCOTUS nominee
How much of Trump's attack on Bush is revenge rather than political?
Donald Trump, the front runner to the Republican Party, said he supports legalizing marijuana. Does this prove his GOP run is fake and he is truly a nationalist who follows no party's ideology?
A recent poll shows that Americans view terrorism to be the most important problem facing the nation. Given that in most years, more Americans die from lightning strikes than terrorist attacks, is the threat of terrorism overstated?
Are more overt white identity politics limited to the 2016 presidential campaign or does it point to a longer term trend?
Republicans: Would you support Paul Ryan for president
538 vs Princeton Election Consortium (Silver vs Wang)
If Hillary wins, can a Republican Congress continue to refuse to hear any of her Supreme Court nominations?
Trump's relationship with Russia
The Rise of the Illiberal Left
What will happen to the Republican Party if Trump earns more Electoral Votes than Romney did, which looks likely? Will they take it as a sign that a Trump party is more viable than a Moderate Romney party?
Is Clinton really as hawkish as portrayed, particularly over Syria?
[MEGATHREAD
What's Really Going On At Today's Nevada Comvention?
Clinton says she wants all Americans to have broadband internet access by 2020, do you think this is a realistic proposal?
Since when are we all on a first-name basis?
Trump Campaign Reports $80 Million in July
Paul Ryan says of Trump's Tweet: "Anti-semitic images  theyve got no place in [a
Sanders supporters boo Sen. Merkley's call for unity at WA Convention - will Bernie delegates be a problem at DNC? Can he control them?
What are your favorite presidential election ads, and why?
Maine Governor Paul LePage endorses Donald Trump for president.
Kasich can't drop out
Has Jeb! Bush become a joke?
Is the abortion debate unique to the United States?
Two very different stories of the next 78 days. Which one is more convincing to you?
Sources are now reporting that the Orlando shooter may have been gay. How does this change the Clinton/Trump narrative towards the attack?
Gary Johnson said Obama's executive order on DACA was the right thing to do.
The Trump Campaign and Delegate Selection: What's going on?
Trump claims he could pay off the 18+trillion national debt in "8 years," as well as predicting a "massive recession" very soon. Does Trump have economic advisers/ Do you think he understands the U.S' fiscal realities?
In an underwhelming yet still historic first, Carly Fiorina becomes the first female candidate to receive a delegate in the Republican party's primary process
Would you support a constitutional amendment that allows naturalized citizens to run for president?
Rep. Tim Huelskamp (R-KS) loses in primary to "establishment" Republican
David Duke has officially announced his candidacy for the Louisiana US Senate seat. Does he have any shot at winning?
Trump has stated that he wants to 'open up' libel laws to make suing news organizations easier. Would he have the power to do such a thing, and if so what might the consequences look like?
First Indiana Poll (WTHR/HPI): Trump 37%; Cruz 31%; Kasich 22% / Clinton 48%; Sanders 45%
Jeff Zeleny reporting on CNN: "The Clinton campaign is running out of patience. They will deploy a new strategy-- disqualify him [Sanders
Why did Sarah Palin blame Obama for her son Track's PTSD? Didn't he not see combat? And does that mean by her own logic, Bush was responsible for PTSD from 2001 to 2008?
What are the primary arguments against TPP?
With hacks of the DNC and now possibly the Clinton campaign, have the odds of a devastating October surprise increased? Is there a proactive defense?
Is it a problem that Hillary has not held a press conference all year?
[Convention Megathread
Who are some people who would have been exceptional presidential candidates but who never ran?
Eleven states sue U.S. government over transgender bathroom policy
Trump flip flops again on abortion. Now he says abortion is murder, but he would keep the law as it is. How does it affect him?
The math suggests Bernie needs > 56% in every state on average to have a shot. Is this realistic? How does this factor into the two campaigns decisions?
Politically, who responded best to the flood in Louisiana?
Boris Johnson has indicated that he is not going to run for Prime Minister. What does this mean for the EU referendum going forward?
Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker will not be voting for Trump or Clinton.
Kasich's campaign has started vetting VP candidates
New FiveThirtyEight model shows that, thus far, Clinton has overperformed in each state compared to what is necessary for her to win the nomination.
CBS yougov poll(the most accurate pollsters so far) has Sanders at 19 points behind Hillary.
Are we on the doorstep of a cold war with Russia?
Is there a measure of how informed average voters are? Did they start to truly pay attention?
Swing State Sunday Discussion #4: Let's Talk Pennsylvania
Sheldon Adelson endorses Trump for President and says he will give more to help him become President than he has ever given
For those watching the events in Brazil, which are actually crazier than House of Cards, do you think this can end peacefully?
Florida Gov. Rick Scott endorses Donald Trump
New Yorkers: were you offended by Ted Cruz's "New York values" comment?
If all states took the Medicaid expansion how would that change Obamacare Today?
How will the allegations that Assange is actively trying to influence the US election affect US-Ecuadorian relations?
What are the potential implications for Hurricane Matthew on the presidential election?
Why do we consider JFK to be one of the great US presidents?
Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff, suspended in indictment trial.
What do you think of how the Clinton camp handled her recent medical issues?
What are the challenges to regulating the pharmaceutical industry so that it doesn't price gouge consumers (re: epipen)?
If Clinton manages to win traditionally conservative states like Georgia and Arizona this fall, does that make it easier for democratic candidates to compete in the future? That is, does flipping a state once make it more likely to happen again?
Has any political speech or any book inspired or changed your views?
Oregon Poll: Hillary Up 15 Points Over Bernie
Updated 538 Benchmarks for Democratic Primary
Trump has almost single handedly knocked down, Walker and Bush, many people's top two choices for the GOP race a few months ago, can we stop to realize how incredible this is?
Did Hillary's opponents approach the email scandal from the wrong direction?
Bernie Sanders' favorability is now underwater.
I have five questions about the coming brokered-convention trainwreck that nobody has started thinking about yet.
Does American military spending subsidize European socialism/social democracy?
Where is the Rubio surge? Trump cruises to nomination with 36% support in new CNN poll
What would a 2016 "autopsy report" look like for the losing party this election?
What issue do you think needs to get more attention in this election?
Will Kasich finish the primary 4th in a 3 man race?
Let's discuss Clinton VP options
If the Democrats win this White House and the House this election would it be smart for them to push for proportional representation?
Bill Kristol announced: "Just a heads up over this holiday weekend: There will be an independent candidate--an impressive one, with a strong team and a real chance." Thoughts on who the candidate will be, or their chance?
The Sanders campaign has only $5.8 million in remaining funds. How much longer can he hold out?
Benchmark Politics releases projections for the next 3 big primaries: California (56-44), New Mexico (57-43), New Jersey (64-36) in favor of Clinton.
A lot of modern American politics are discussed here. I thought I'd start a new topic, what do you all think of the political system of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth (1569 - 1795)?
Will the United States ever admit another sovereign nation as a state?
Can Donald Trump conceivably win with having only 30 paid staffers on the ground?
Why is there no consistent view of Hillary? Young left-wing activists think she's right-wing, and Republicans think she's the most liberal. They can't both be right.
I'm curious on what Ted Cruz has done that makes him so hated by many people?
Why doesn't the Gary Johnson or Jill Stein or John McAffee run for senate as a third party?
Is it wrong for Bernie Sanders to continue to solicit small donations under the pretense of defeating Hillary Clinton?
Why does the Republican Party seem to favor tighter regulation on drugs/alcohol, when historically they should be more in favor of decreased government involvement in citizens' lives?
Now that Rubio's pretty much imploded, what's the path out for the Establishment now?
In the debate, Hillary said that she believes police should use force only when necessary. How could she implement it and how effective would it be at saving lives?
Sanders staffers, volunteers drafting plans for him to drop out after California, form independent progressive Anti-Trump organization to "help bridge gap between Clinton and supporters." Thoughts?
Are You Genuinely Worried About Trump?
MSNBC is reporting that Dem turnout for 2016 primaries are roughly 50% of what they were in 2008, while GOP primaries are seeing record turnout. How bad of a sign for the Dems is this?
Do you think Marco Rubio just had his Rick Perry "ooops" moment?
Only a small amount of US oil comes from Saudi Arabia. What is the true reason the US allies with them and ignores their human rights violations and ties to 9/11 and ISIS?
Why do some of the most Republican states in the country have more registered Democrats than Republicans?
Now that the primaries are officially over, what was your singular favorite moment of the entire campaign trail.
Politico is now reporting that Chris Christie will suspend his campaign later today. What impact will this have on the race?
Lindsey Graham drops out of the presidential race
What kind of Republican will win the 2020 GOP nomination?
In retrospect do you think the Arab Spring was a success or failure?
Regardless of who wins, are we destined to have a presidency that is dominated with scandals?
'Christian Post' breaks tradition to oppose Trump, who do evangelicals support at this point and will this have any real impact on trump?
Trump and his supporters frequently claim that radical Islam needs to be dealt with, but have there been any plausible suggestions made on how that should be done?
Senator Susan Collins said she will not rule out voting Hillary.
Unless something radical happens, 2016 marks 100 years since America has had a bearded major party candidate for President. Could 2020 be the year, or will it never happen again.
Bloomberg announces he will NOT run as a third-party candidate-- how will this affect the race?
if Trump doesn't win Florida (winner take all) and Ohio (winner take all), Trump will be well under the 1237 delegates needed to clinch the nomination.
Gary Johnson launches bid for Libertarian nomination for President
Obama Vetoed the Bill to allow 9/11 families to sue Saudi Arabia. What Impact will this have?
With several big names such as Howard Dean and Mitt Romney calling for Johnson and Weld's inclusion in the debates, do they have a solid case to be made to be included?
[Polling Megathread
What would happen if Trump dropped out right before Election Day?
Is violence an effective tool to achieve a political goal?
538: Caucuses have helped Sanders more than closed primaries helped Clinton - Will the primary process really be an issue at the DNC?
Bernie Sanders is visiting the Vatican on April 15, just four days before the NY primary. Why do you think his campaign is doing this, and will it impact the race?
As gay marriage/gay people become normalized in American society could the republican party be forced to accept it to avoid losing elections?
Untying public schooling from property taxes: How can it be done? Should it be done?
Corker bows out of Trump Veepstakes
What debate question would you ask if moderating a Donald Trump / Hillary Clinton debate?
Trump: I Believe In Raising Taxes on the Wealthy, Including Myself Let's discuss.
Ted Cruz claims he will abolish the IRS. Is this really plausible?
Doesn't the GOP Establishment deserve a lot of blame for Trump's rise?
[Megathread
Justice Department grants immunity to Clinton staffer who set up her private server. Thoughts?
Is there any practical difference between a 51/49 majority in the senate, and a 50/50 + VP majority?
Why did single payer health care fail in Vermont when It succeeded in Saskatchewan?
What would he political implications for his future policy if Trump actually believes that 'Obama founded ISIS'?
What would a hypothetical 2016 Republican autopsy report look like following this election cycle?
[Megathread
Will China ignore tomorrow's ruling? What happens next?
Swing State Sunday Discussion #1: Let's talk OHIO
Republicans For Hillary?
What are some possible electoral college possibilities if its Trump vs Clinton?
Ted Cruz's campaign is reportedly vetting Carly Fiorina for VP. What impact could her selection have on a possible c Clinton vs. Cruz GE?
[Results Thread
The first Connecticut poll has been released -- Trump 50%, Kasich 26%, Cruz 17% | Clinton 49%, Sanders 43%
Trump supporters, I would like to get your opinions on Trump's recent interview with the Washington Post
A growing number of elected Republican officials have withdrawn endorsement of Trump. Do Trump's remaining supporters view them as too liberal, unreasonable, or unfaithful?
Is the vitriol and hate of the 'other side' the new normal?
[Polling Megathread
Paul Ryan wins primary against challenger Paul Nehlen. Does this have an effect on Paul Ryan's endorsement of Trump? Does this reflect the GOP's general attitude towards Trumpian Republicans?
Speaker Ryan formally requests Director of National Intelligence James Clapper to deny Clinton classified material during her presidential run. Has this happened before? Is there any chance of her being denied this information?
Why isn't punishing those hiring illegal immigrants a more central part of the US immigration debate?
[Gamethread
When Trump says he wants to "make America great again", what time period is he referring to? In other words, when was America "great" according to Trump and why?
Later this year, General Motors will begin selling the Chevy Bolt, which will have 200 miles of electric range and will cost $30,000. If this car, and others like it (Tesla will release a similar car), get traction in the market, how could this affect geopolitics?
If the Supreme Court becomes solidly liberal under President Clinton, what are the biggest "landmark decisions" it will make in the next 8 years?
Why isn't Trump spending any money on TV ads?
Ivanka Trump's RNC speech praised Trump's commitment to ending the gender pay gap and helping working mothers. Is there any chance we'll see policies like this from Trump?
[Megathread
DC Circuit Court upholds FCC Net Neutrality regulations 2-1
Sen. Ben Sasse (R-NE ) publishes an open letter calling for a third party candidate. Will it happen?
Can Trump realistically beat Hillary for the presidency?
Would a public option be substantially cheaper than private insurance?
What do you think is going to happen with Black Lives Matter and the push for black liberation in America in general?
Which President do you think is terribly overrated?
AG Loretta Lynch meets with President Bill Clinton in an "unplanned encounter". Will voters care about the potential for impropriety in the ongoing investigation over Sec. Clinton's emails?
In a recent townhall, Barack Obama says the notion that Hillary Clinton and himself want to take away folks' guns is "just not true." Is this is a genuine fact? Furthermore, Obama suggests congress should allow The CDC to conduct research on gun deaths, do you agree?
To those predicting a close Hillary-Trump race in the general, how do you reconcile that with Trump's 70/23 unfavorable rating among women?
Rutgers NJ Poll - Trump 52% Kasich 24%, Hillary 51% Sanders 42%
How does the suspected election fraud in Arizona only affect Sanders?
American schools avoiding the active learning technique of debate could explain the current political climate.
What is a major issue in your mind that you feel isn't getting the attention it deserves in this election cycle?
[Polling Megathread
How would refusing to debate hurt Trump?
What would be the major changes under a more liberal Supreme Court?
We often talked about how Bernie Sanders hasn't been "vetted" by a national spotlight. But what about Kasich? What do you think we should know about him?
Is shit going to hit the fan tonight at the debate?
Rep. James Clyburn (D-SC) to endorse Hillary Clinton
Fox News poll shows Trump leading Iowa with 34%, Cruz second with 23%
Trump's first major TV ad, called 'Great Again', is out. Thoughts?
Is the increasing nationalistic fear of Muslims in America encroaching towards being comparable to fear of Communists spread during the "Red Scare"?
Over the last 20 years, gun homicides have been steadily decreasing and are now half of what they were in 1993. Taking this fact into account, why do we need stricter gun laws?
Why do Bernie supporters want more debates when its clear he sucks at debating?
Should the United States support an independent Kurdish state?
A Trump surrogate has said the border wall will be "virtual" and not a real wall.
Would America benefit from longer terms for the House of Representatives?
What is the future of the Alt-Right in American politics?
AP just released that Clinton's VP list is down to three: Warren, Castro and Kaine. Who will be chosen and why?
What's up with Marco Rubio?
[Live Thread
The Prime Minister of Iceland has resigned
I think both are pretty great, but why do so many Sanders supporters seem to hate Hillary so much? Seems like they are just doing the GOPs job for them by slandering her.
Why did the Democratic Party stop spending money to defeat Marco Rubio's senate campaign?
What questions from the audience could most hurt or help each candidate in the town hall debate?
Why are there such drastic political differences between Catholics and White Evangelicals in the US?
Gary Johnson picks former Mass. governor William Weld as his running mate
Monmouth general election poll: likely Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson at 11% against Trump and Clinton
I'm looking for a real, American political discussion from Trump supporters...Why Trump?
Ben Carson is basically dropping out, but will not suspend his campaign. What's the reasoning behind that? So that he can still raise money?
US declares 22 Clinton emails 'top secret'
Bernie Sanders full tax plan is coming out before Iowa votes
What was the most crushing one-liner in politics?
"It's not the end of the party, but you can see it from here" - What happens to conservatism in a post-Trump America?
Trump wins 39 out of 54 unbound PA delegates
CNN reporting Democratic NY debate announced on April 14th 9 PM ET. Who won this ridiculous back and forth of negotiations? Who benefits more?
"Given the current delegate selection process, Id vote for Marco Rubio in Florida, John Kasich in Ohio" - Did Romney imply he wanted to force a brokered convention as an alternative to Trump?
Sanders just lost Massachusetts. What's his path forward, and if he doesn't have a path, what's the next "must win"?
U.S. veterans/enlisted personnel, what budget cuts would you make, if any, to the military?
Lawrence Lessig ends his campaign for president
What would happen if the Senate refused to seat any of Clinton's nominees for the Supreme Court?
How would the 2008 election have gone if Hillary Clinton were the nominee instead of Barack Obama?
If Gary Johnson begins to poll high enough to make it to the National Debates, does that hurt Clinton more or Trump more?
Will Anti-Gay Past Increasingly Haunt Republican Candidates?
[Reaction Thread
Why is Hillary Clinton deemed a corporate shill?
Why is Indiana the only Great Lakes state to consistently vote Republican?
Will Sarah Silverman's comment towards 'Bernie or Bust' people have any effect on the unity of the Democratic party?
Behavioral Research General Election poll in Arizona: Clinton 42, Trump 35. Could Arizona turn purple if Trump is the Republican nominee?
Marco Rubio doing terrible in Mississippi and Michigan, worse than Kasich in both. Do you think he should drop out before Florida and save his future?
Trump supporters: what do you think went wrong last night? Was it the debate skipping? Was it his lack of a ground game? Or something else entirely?
Does Bernie Sanders make a valid argument concerning Hillary Clinton's speaking fees?
What do you think the social fallout will be after this election given a Clinton presidency?
How do Hillary Clintons debate skills compare to the debates against Donald Trump?
[Polling Megathread
[Meta
[Results Thread
Kasich would consider nominating Garland
Donors report Rubio to suspend campaign before Florida unless polls improve
Has Bernie Sanders shown us what is to come in the political landscape?
Which political opinion do you have that doesn't "line up" with the rest of your ideology?
Any Ideas why Hillary has refused to give a press conference this year?
Is it now undeniable that Sanders won CNN's Debate on Sunday (3/6)?
Why did Obama use a pseudonym email with Clinton?
Could the pro-life stance become a progressive one in the future?
Sander's Double Standard
How much of the dislike of HRC is sexism?
Trump advisor defects and pens open letters to Trump voters
Does Bernie Sanders want to purge moderate and conservative Democrats?
If Trump ran as a Democrat and was running against Cruz, who would you vote for?
Is it significant that Hillary Clinton's State Department destroyed Blackberry phones with hammers?
Bernie Sanders' favorability is now underwater.
Do you think Hillary Clinton decision to not accept the invitation from Pea Nieto will affect her with the Latino vote?
Anybody else became a Hillary Clinton supporter in the last couple of months partly due to obnoxious reddit bernie supporters?
Does Hillary Clinton support the individual right to own a gun for the purpose of self defense?
Obama Filibustered Justice Alito, Voted against Roberts
Clinton Staffer who setup her private email server will take the 5th amendment. How will this affect the race?
All the Paris attackers identified so far are European. Is it time to ban all travelers from Europe?
Should we rethink the idea of gun ownership as an individual constitutional right?
Why is the foreign policy of the Democratic Party so hawkish towards Russia?
Where is Gary Johnson? Forget Trump -- it should be Johnson vs Sanders.
Why I, as a person of a minority group, am fed up with redditors calling Trump and the Republicans "racist" and "bigoted".
(Bias Alert) Response to Trump Rally
Why do we use the term 'Radical Islam' but not 'Radical Judaism' i.e, for the Settlers breaking international law and killing Palestinians?
Politico reveals that the Clinton Victory Fund uses less than 1% of funds for State parties. Does this break campaign finance law, and will it matter in the long run?
Why is there so much talk about Sanders and Castro, yet none about Clinton supporting the Honduran Coup in 2009?
Are the Tories to the left of the Democrats? Specifically, when it comes to their new leaders, Theresa May and Hillary Clinton?
What would be the cultural impact of a Johnson victory?
Could Donald Trump have a Chester Arthur moment?
The FBI argued that disclosing even the number of records it has pulled off Clinton's server "could reasonably lead to the public identification and compromising of potential witnesses, as well as defensive actions to conceal activities, elude detection, and/or suppress or fabricate evidence."
"It is easier to buy a Glock, than it is to buy a book." - President Obama
If the Green Party simply never existed and the presidential race was Democratic vs. Republican vs. Libertarian, would the Libertarian Party reach the 5% vote cutoff needed for federal funding?
Does the Sanders Campaign have an Integrity Problem?
Why doesn't Hillary Clinton release the transcripts of her speeches?
Is Hillary Clinton a hypocrite for not wanting more debates?
Donald Trump just gave you the job of writing a speech attacking Hillary Clinton on foreign policy. What would you say?
[Theory
Is it just me, or is Sanders everywhere in time but the here and now?
Given Hillary's weakness among men, should Hillary pick a male VP or a female VP?
Sanders Supporters
What would a Hillary Clinton concession speech look like?
Most of Reddit being so vehemently against the PC movement/culture, and yet also being extremely pro-party who endorses it.
So much for that clean campaign from Sanders...
Since many Republican states have embraced voter ID laws should Democrats do so as well?
Why are people defending what happened at the Trump rally? Someone's voice was silenced with violence, how is this a good thing for America?
Trump's opposition to Super PACs is enough to win my vote.
Is Trump trying to turn America's military into a mercenary force?
Is there a way that the Democratic party can combine its push for idealistic efforts (represented in Bernie) while also pragmatically ruling (represented in Hillary)?
Why aren't either candidates addressing the issue of the 'Fourth Industrial Revolution' aka an impending unemployment crisis caused by intelligent automation?
Why is this sub so overwhelmingly anti-Sanders?
To Hillary fans: how will Hillary being the Democratic nominee not be another repeat of the 2000 Gore disaster?
What commonly discussed negative qualities of Bernie Sanders (especially by his detractors) are actually not true?
How will Reddit react to Bernie Sanders eventual decline?
Let's be real, gun-free zone is a joke
Hate Trump, but agree with him on the protesters
Which Democrat would be a "better" candidate than Hillary this November?
Get rid of delegates and the electoral college. Make the popular vote decide every election. Good idea?
Why doesn't Bernie speak more against his supporters violently protesting at Trump rallies?
Not that it will happen, but how much more popular would an Obama third term be as a voting choice, versus a Clinton or Trump presidency?
Will Madeline Albright threatening women with eternal damnation help HRC's campaign?
Idea: All taxpayer funded primaries should be open, while the parties are free to hold closed primaries they would fund and facilitate themselves.
RBG "regrets making" Donald Trump Remarks, calling them "ill-advised". What was responsible for a sitting Supreme Court Justice changing views espoused only a few days ago?
What has Hillary Clinton been unfairly attacked for over the past 2.5 decades?
How can Sanders claim to be calling for a 'revolution' when he has done nothing to help elect anyone but himself?
Should Hillary Clinton's information security concerns be a primary issue in the General Election?
Is the US now a center-left country?
Why does the US still have 800 military bases across the world? Why does it seem like the American public is uninterested in reducing this number?
Could Bernie Sanders supporters create a party similar to the Podemos party in Spain?
Hillary refers to an AR-15 as an "automatic weapon"
Are President Obama and the left delusional about Islamic Terrorism /ISIS?
Charles Koch has said that Hillary Clinton might be a better president than a Republican. What does this mean for her campaign?
Donald Trump is not racist.
when do you think we will have our first openly homosexual/bisexual president?
Hillary Clinton on AIDS`
Is a situation where Clinton wins the election and Trump wins the popular vote plausible?
Does it make sense for Indiana Democrats to strategically vote for Cruz in Tuesday's primary?
Clinton supporters, what is your opinion on holding gun manufacturers responsible after mass shootings?
Why doesn't Sanders get criticism for being anti-science for his free trade scepticism?
I know Clinton's email ordeal has been talked to death, but do you think she will be found guilty of anything?
Do you think a lot of the anti-Clinton sentiment that we see on Reddit is correlated with sexism?
Could supporting Trump be a good move in terms of a long game goal of reshaping the system?
So Donald Trump can't face Megyn Kelly, but he'll be tough on Hillary, China, Mexico and ISIS?
House Republican's first plan to replace Obamacare has largely bipartisan origins. Will it work?
What are good reasons for the FBI giving Cheryl Mills immunity in the email investigation? Bad Reasons?
I think the 2016 election could be do-or-die for the Republican party.
Why does nobody talk about the massive problems with socialism in Europe?
What are your predictions for 2020 if (1) Trump wins or (2) Clinton wins?
Gravis NY Poll - Hillary 53% Sanders 46%, Trump 57% Kasich 22%
Should there be a federal law banning smoking indoors? Almost half the states still allow it in places like bars, restaurants and casinos despite 2nd hand smoke being a health hazard.
The cost of Sanders Vatican trip
At what point in this election so you think the majority (51%) of sander's supporters will admit he lost?
Could Bernie Sander's environmental proposals actually worsen the environment?
If Hillary gets the nomination, I feel as though she'd lose against almost any Republican nominee.
I believe South Carolina is in play for Sanders.
So Bernie supporters are alleging Hillary is cheating
During Fusion's Green Party Forum, Jill Stein stated her support of lowering the voting age to 16. Is this viable or would it create a conflict of interest?
Why is there an unspoken expectation for the people to fall behind either the Democrat or Republican nominee, even if you don't support or agree with either?
Why is the USA obligated to grant citizenship to people that came here illegally when people who come here legally have a tough time getting one as is?
Why do democrats still claim the wage gap between men and women exists?
Bernie Sanders to sit out debate
Why doesn't Bernie Sanders get that banning "corporate money" will result in more gridlock/hardline conservatism?
Sanders confirms that he is shooting for the Democratic nomination
Glenn Greenwald and others claim Democrats are waging war on their own core Citizens United argument to protect Hillary Clinton. Is he right?
Most people agree that getting an education is the best investment an individual can make, so why isn't making sure its citizens are highly educated a priority for the US?
Will Hillary using an unsecured phone line affect the current investigation or is a trivial detail?
"Hillary would be a right-wing politician in Canada or Europe"
Clinton, on her private server, wrote 104 emails the government says are classified. How does this change the discussion regarding whether or not she committed a crime?
Polls show the race between Hillary and Bernie tightening nationally. Is this typical in the late stages of a race after a string of Bernie-friendly states? Or does Hillary have to worry about barely scraping by?
How can Israel claim to be a democracy, when it claims primacy over all of Jerusalem, yet 230,000 residents of Jerusalem (nearly all of them born there) cannot vote in Federal Knesset elections?
How does Bernie Sanders have such a large following given facts and economic analysis?
If Bernie Sanders Gets The Democratic Nomination, How Will He Do When The Republicans Start Putting Out Attack Ads?
Why Sanders is losing the South - an alternative to the Race Narrative
What caused Americas political spectrum to shift so far right?
Is it all over for Sanders?
Should I still support Sanders if I want to distance myself away from his fans?
What does Sanders have against Vietnamese people?
Does the financial and political elite's reponse to the EU referendum reveal a fundamental misunderstanding of the will of the populace? What does this mean for the US election?
General Election Debate: Should Trump and Clinton debate on FoxNews?
Are a lot of businesses being hypocrites about North Carolina?
Sanders appears to not be gaining on Clinton in Democratic opinion polls anymore. Why is this the case?
Are Democrats who call for another Glass Steagall aware that the law would have made the financial crisis worse, not better?
Why is Bernie Sanders surging ahead of the Primaries, and can he build upon his current momentum?
How will Hillary handle Trump during the general election?
WikiLeaks tweets that founder Julian Assange's "internet link has been intentionally severed by a state party." If true, what are the reasons for and implications of this unprecedented breach of the Ecuadorian embassy's diplomatic immunity?
Donald Trump refuses to disavow David Duke's endorsement. What effect do you think this will have?
Texit? What would be the realistic implications?
Let's just say a Republican wins - are we really going to wait another 4 years to discuss climate change?
Thoughts on Sanders recent comments on handling Russia?
Trump donates $100,000 to the National September 11th Museum. How does this affect the public's perception of him? What about the race itself?
Clintons honesty?
Bernie Sanders Accused of Using Campaign Money to Benefit Family: Thoughts?
Interesting look through Hillary's donor lists...
Do you think Donald Trump is considering Sen. Bob Corker (TN) for vice president?
Elizabeth Warren as Senate Majority Leader?
Why do people believe Hillary is 'bought by Wall Street'?
What good has Hillary Clinton done for America?
If Sanders were serious about "revolution"...
How much of a landslide would it take for the Democrats to retake the House? If that number is above 60%, how is that morally justifiable?
Why is it considered normal or reasonable to support your race if your a minority, but racist if you do it when you're white?
Does Reddit as a whole misunderstand campaign finance?
Why I think all of the Donald Trump critics are getting it wrong...
Is experience a weakness for a presidential nominee?
Assuming Trump wins the election, will we see a thrid run by Hillary for the white house in 2020?
Who would win in an election between Paul Ryan and Joe Biden?
Harry Reid Called Trump "an anti-woman, anti-Hispanic, anti-Muslim and anti-immigrant billionaire." Why is "billionaire" lumped in with the other negatives?
Families affected by gun violence still criticizing Sanders over his gun stance. How will this affect his campaign?
Are Safe Spaces, free speech zones and speech codes unconstitutional at public colleges?
Sanders supporters, can we agree that if the superdelegates stay the way they are, Sanders has virtually no chance of winning the nomination?
In December 2007, Clinton was beating Obama in the polls 45-27. Obama went on to win the Iowa and New Hampshire primaries changing the political landscape. Can Sanders do the same?
Can you explain to a Bernie supporter why Hillary could be a good president?
What impact will a Trump presidency have on the rest of the world?
Universal healthcare and free higher education are proven policies that have been broadly adopted by the developed world. Why are Sanders plans considered "radical" or "Utopian" by large swaths of the American electorate?
Seems like the gloves are off now. Is Clinton going too far?
If Cruz doesn't sue the Enquirer, is that a tacit admission that the sex affairs story is true?
Had Hillary divorced Bill after his affairs and public humiliation, where do you think she would have ended up in the political system today?
At this point, less than 40 days until the election, if either candidate were to drop out, would their parties be able to run someone else or has that deadline elapsed?
Could Hillary scrap TPP as a last resort to regain some Sanders voters?
What are the specific legislative accomplishments of Secretary Clinton?
Why are some Sanders supporters on social media so enthusiastic?
Considering that automation is eating jobs, and the machines that now do the work require capital to purchase, isn't some form of 'sharing' (ie: Communism or a variant) an inevitable necessity? If 9 out of 10 people cannot work for wages - what is the alternative?
Even if most Americans support Trump and end up voting for him, will the powerful people behind the scenes do everything they can to make sure he isn't our next president?
Hillary Clinton's Colorado fundraiser and modern privacy
Does the transgender bill deserve the attention it is getting?
Why does there seem to be a strong contingent of delusional Bernie Sanders supporters?
Has Bernie Sanders political revolution already failed to materialize?
Why are people rushing to Sanders' defense over his questionable actions but will readily spew hate at Clinton?
Jane Sanders Says Bernie Will Vote for Hillary If She Wins the Nomination
What are your thoughts on the American government's intervention in Honduras?
Reuters new poll shows Trump gaining on Clinton
Is NPR Bias?
What happens if Hillary gets indicted for her use of emails after she wins the democratic nomination?
Trump Falsely Claims that Obama and Hillary Clinton "Created" ISIS, but ISIS Was Formed in Early 2006, When Both Obama and Clinton Were in the Senate
Presumptive Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson is reportedly very seriously considering former Massachusetts Governor Bill Weld as his VP.
Stop calling the Democratic Party and liberals: "The Left"
Who has Obama called racist other than Trump?
Should US states have a constitutional right to secede?
What would a Hillary/Elizabeth ticket look like against Trump?
Why is so much energy among Democrats (especially on this website) devoted to criticizing/smearing Hillary (a candidate that represents their views far more than the current GOP) over Republican candidates that have gotten more extreme since 2012?
Is it safe to say that there's an actual Civil War going on in the Republican Party?
Why doesn't anyone (or HRC) call out Sanders when he says he doesn't have a SuperPAC when in reality, he does?
What is up with all this Class-Warfare Rhetoric?
How effective will the "Crooked Hillary" nickname be for Trump?
If Sanders cares so much about income inequality, why is he complaining that welfare programs are a "subsidy" to corporations?
Assuming Hillary wins this election and the next, what can Republicans do in 2024 in order to win the presidency again?
If Hillary has 100% locked in the democratic nomination, why does it matter to hillary supporters and the news that Sanders Drop out of the race?
Trump Has a Right to Speak.
Gun control and gun ownership has no effect on homicide rates either way. Six charts that plot homicide rates versus gun ownership and gun control for 150+ countries.
The #NeverTrump aren't strong, but are they strong enough to stop Trump?
Third party candidates?
Could strong border control and strong anti-illegal immigration laws actually help the lives of legal immigrants?
Do you believe Trump has asked legitimate questions no one else was willing to ask throughout this campaign?
Has this country ever been so divided in politics?
Is the U.S. a true democracy? Please compare your opinion.
IS it a big deal that State Senators and Representatives are switching from Hillary to Bernie?
Jim Gilmore was last night's real winner, and here's why...
Republicans of Reddit! What would it take for you to vote for Bernie Sanders?
Does lying still matter in the GOP? Is there a difference in lying about policy and a personal matter.
Is the GOP becoming the anti-war party.
Is Ted Cruz making the race personal?
Clinton supporters- why do you like her foreign policy?
Sanders supporters specifically, but really everyone. What do you think when you see constant misinformation as the main form of support for a candidate?
Should Hillary Clinton go by Hillary or Clinton for campaign?
Do you believe Bernie Sanders understands macroeconomics?
Trump is dropping significantly in Ohio and Florida. It looks like RNC and MSM's attacks are working. What can Trump do to defect this?
Is Sexism a driving force in modern American Politics?
Could a well done TV Drama actually help fix the political divide in this country?
Thought's on Hillary's latest attack on Sanders?
A 2011 FEC report showed Trump with a net worth "in excess of $4.2 billion". Does thing calm concerns he isn't a billionare or does it hurt him since he claims he's worth more?
Why I think Bernie Sanders is more electable than Hillary Clinton
Liberals how do you feel about SJWs
With the result of Brexit, are the supposed "undemocratic" aspects of the American system (Senate representation, electoral college, amendments requiring 2/3 or 3/4 vote to pass, etc.) justified?
Elizabeth Warren says she will "fight her heart out" to keep Trump out of the White House. Does this signal that she would like to be on the Democratic ticket as VP?
Do you believe a Hillary Clinton presidancy is guranteed now, or more than likely?
Does Bernie owe any of his success to the Republicans who spent a few million dollars to "support" him to weaken Hillary?
Bernie Sanders and income inequality - what has he done?
Has the Black Lives Matter movement overreached by going beyond police and criminal justice to campus protests and interrupting campaign events?
Donald Trump only got 7% of the vote in Wyoming, an all-time low for him. What does this mean for his campaign?
Is Reddit hurting the Democratic Party's chance of a Presidency?
What happens if Clinton gets the nomination but then gets indicted with this whole email issue?
Regarding conservative beliefs that religion ought to be a valid reason to not allow LGBT service in their establishment, has the question been asked to any candidate: Do they feel if a religion felt they should not serve ,say, black people do they feel that would be reasonable?
Theory: The Democratic Party is long-term unsustainable.
Have local Democratic governments failed midwest cities?
What does the future of the ACA look like with massively increasing premiums, insurers leaving exchanges and co-ops failing?
Could the DNC have avoided the WikiLeaks controversy by releasing internal emails before the leak?
What do you think Mitt Romney's third party chances are?
Has Clinton's email issue gotten worse?
Sexism among Democratic voters? More men support Bernie, more women support Hillary. Is this more indicative of an aversion of male Democrats to vote for a female, or a preference of female Democrats to vote for a female?
Donald Trump calls the Paris/Egypt missing airliner terrorism without any evidence or confirmation. Is this just Trump the candidate or does it reflect his approach to foreign policy?
Do you think Hillary's campaign has been dogged by implicit sexism?
Are there any benefits of having a superPAC protect a presidential candidate on the Internet?
What would be the cultural impact of a Hillary Clinton victory?
Thoughts about Bernie Sanders comments about Cigarettes?
Clinton Campaign Chief Implicated in Panama Papers, Any Importance/Impact
How likely is it that Chelsea Clinton will run for president in the future?
How do we change the voting process from "First past the post" to "ranked voting"? Can this be done on the individual state levels and outside of the elected leaders?
Betting markets have Trump way up. Has he been underestimated?
How is Rubio considered electable when he's such a hardcore conservative?
People all across the American political spectrum claim that Hillary is corrupt. How much weight is there to this claim?
Finally, a new Nevada poll (N=1236). Results: Sanders 45, Clinton 45 and undecided 9. Thoughts?
The Rich Win Because No One Else Plays The Game
A new batch of released emails shows a top Clinton aide arranging a meeting between a Clinton Foundation donor and a US Ambassador. Does this really qualify as "pay to play?" If so what are the ramifications?
If you were the Clinton campaign how would you prepare for a potential for a Wikileaks surprise.
Whether Trump or Clinton win the election, how much do you think they'll win by?
What would it take to change it voting system from FPTP? How could it be accomplished? What laws would need to be passed?
Republican primary turnout is up while democratic primary turnout is down. Why is happening and is it reflective of what may occur in November?
A sizeable portion of the black community are conservatives and devout Christians - why is it that they do not vote for Republicans, and instead vote in overwhelming numbers for the much more "liberal" Democrats?
If Bernie wants to reduce income inequality and loves Nordic countries so much, why does he focus so much on the minimum wage instead of what the Nordic countries do?
Which Democrats could have really offered Hillary Clinton a legitimate race for the nomination?
Dick Cheney said that if there were even a 1% chance of Pakistan providing nuclear material to terrorists they should be attacked. Should this logic be adopted with Climate Change?
Did Trump's campaign chose UIC for their Chicago Rally to be intentionally provocative?
Shouldn't liberals be happy about the ascendance of Trump?
Are Hillary Clinton's speech transcripts like Mitt Romney's tax returns?
Why is being PC considered (by some people) to be a "Bad Thing"?
Is there any similarity between changing perceptions toward Muslims today, and the change in perception toward Jews leading up to the Holocaust?
Gun Control vs Syrian rebels, are the issues so different?
Why are there no mainstream conservative networks besides Fox News?
What are Hillary's chances to clinch the nomination before June 7th?
How would Sanders finance a general election?
Sanders said that he will run till convention .Will Obama endorse Clinton before that to stop Sander's attacks on her or to sideline his campaign
Do you believe 3D printers should be regulated?
Voters uncomfortable with candidate as nominee: Clinton (21%) = Trump (21%) < Sanders (30%)
What does the 75 year wait for Clinton Emails mean?
According to a NBC News poll Hillary Clinton's favorability rating (32/56) is the lowest they've ever recorded. Is there any chance of a recovery before the GE?
What do you think of the FairTax proposal, to replace income and payroll tax with a consumption tax on new goods?
How is "Healthcare is a right" different from "Haircuts are a right"? Neither hospitals nor salons exist in nature. People choose to become barbers and doctors because you can make a living. How can a service - that even under single *payer* is still a *paid* service - be a right?
What is the likelihood that Bernie sanders wins the Democratic primary? Becomes president?
To what extent can the Clinton adminstration be blamed for NAFTA?
Could Trump be the face of a new kind of political leader? As we move into a globalized world, will CEO's replace career politicians?
Would you consent to the government monitoring you (telephone, computer, mobile etc.) in order to combat terror?
Why are "bad" Vice Presidents selected?
Could a Sanders insurgency in the Democratic Party have been successful against anybody but Clinton?
Poll ranks "socialist" as the least likely kind of candidate Americans would vote for. Why is there a stigma on socialism and is it fair?
Ex-Trump Insider: Donald Doesnt Want to Be President
Cruz Supporters: What is "The Thing" and how do why does Cruz refuse to talk about it?
What will the long term effect be on die-heard Sander Supports
If Bernie Sanders truely wants to follow Scandinavia, Why is he in support of a minimum wage?
Is Ann Coulter right about immigration?
If Trump faces Bernie the conservative liberal and left leaning republican will back Trump, leading to a Donald Trump US presidential win.
Trump, the Clintons, and Sexism
Trump wins Politifact lie of the year, yet many think he's a truth speaker. Why is this?
Question about the GOP and the concept of 'traditional values'
How do people favour gun control explain the catastrophic failure of anti-gun legislation in a place like Brasil?
How do you feel about candidates paying people to post positive things about them on social media?
Is the Sanders agenda for the privileged?
Were Brexit and the FARC vote propelled by the same forces? Does it mean anything for Trump?
How big is Donald Trump's "hidden advantage" due to stigma of admitting to being his supporter?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of a weak federal government?
FBI formally confirms investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails. Any effect on the primary tomorrow?
Why isn't Bernie attacking Hillary, but Trump?
Carl Bernstein on CNN: 'White House is horrified at how Clinton is blowing up her campaign... worried she could blow the Democrats chance for the White House.' Thoughts?
Do you buy that minority or oppressed groups "can't" be racist, thus giving them somewhat of a free pass to criticize & mock white males or white people?
Trump was the big winner in tonight's democratic debate
Hillary's VP?
How Democrats suppress the vote
Are Hillary supporters at all nervous about the e-mail investigation?
Is the Sanders campaign the modern equivalent of the 1980 Kennedy Campaign? Very left wing and very divisive to the party?
When will Sanders's tax returns be released?
Why is it considered wrong to say, "We have a Muslim problem" but considered fine to say, "Trump supporters are racist"?
In the Michigan primary, more people voted for Republicans than for Democrats.
What would the societies/governments of the 4 regions of the political compass look like?
Man who installed Hillary's private email server has been given immunity by the government, what does this mean for Hillary?
How close are we to Presidential Candidate calling for the repeal of the 2nd Amendment?
Is Hillary's health going to be a major issue in this election?
Would you be in favor of one 6 year term rather than two 4 year terms in the USA?
Are elected officials more religious by percentage than the electorate?
What would have to happen to get the US to switch to a voting system like instant run-offs or something other than the problematic single-winner system in place now that forces everyone to vote for one of two major parties if they want their vote to count or not steal votes from a major candidate?
Elizabeth Warren says she is capable of being President. What does this mean?
Is it a good idea to repeal voter ID laws?
Western Europeans, do you like your "social democratic" policies or do you want more free-market policies?
Why do Americans view politics and elections as if they are a sport?
Is the Fascist label really unfair for Trump at this stage?
Is reddit severely underestimating Trump's chances against Hillary in the general election?
Why do people think that Bernie won't face the same obstruction that Clinton will face if he wins the general?
Because of Hilary's 8 super delegate votes she beat Sanders 15-13 in New Hampshire... Why isn't this being discussed?
Should Hillary release the transcripts from her Goldman Sachs speeches?
What has to happen for the republican party establishment to stop freaking to about Donald trump, and for the Democratic party establishment to start?
Is Hillary flipflopping her stances and positions really indicative of her being untrustworthy?
Regarding Clinton's emails. Is there precedence for the criminality of what she did?
Students at Amerhest college in Massachusetts are protesting free speech. Anybody that agrees/ disagrees with them? What do you guys think this could mean about the future of our country?
Why the un-warranted hate for Obama from a lot of people?
I have a question about something Hillary Clinton said to Donald Trump.
Over the next 4 years could a centrist party rise in the United States?
Sanders Campaign Manager calls for Brokered Convention
Why is Trump's temporary ban on Muslim immigration so evil?
Am I the only one that feels that the left isn't really that much better when it comes to the whole racism and bigotry thing?
Agree or Disagree: The Sanders Campaign is making many of the same mistakes that the Clinton campaign made in 2008.
Why have Bernie supporters rallied behind Clinton so quickly?
Glenn Greenwald recently said, "the big scam of the democrat and republican parties is that they agree overwhelmingly on most issues." What are some of these issues?
I'm tired of these shootings happening so often...
Why do White Republicans make more money on average (according to exit polls) than white Democrats despite being (on average) less educated?
Could Hillary neutralize the emails issue by announcing at large investment in cyber-security?
Would a lottery run by the federal government help with the debt crisis? And if so are there any legal issues that can prevent this from being implemented?
If no candidate reaches 270 what does congress do?
Do the eleven states' lawsuit against the Obama Administration have a case?
How much has Sanders hurt Clinton for the Main Contest?
Why do Pro-Life individuals sometimes support an incest exception?
New York has some extremely tough voter registration deadlines. How will this affect the NY primary results?
Advocating for the Devil
What is a positive vision of conservatism?
Would Sanders be comfortably in the lead if Trump wasn't in the race at all? Has he split the youth vote and siphoned some enthusiasm that would have otherwise gone to Bernie? His rallies seem to be full of young people.
Violence is now commonplace at Trump rallies. How is this a reflection on contemporary American politics and where do we go from here?
Did Hillary hurt herself in that CBS News interview?
If Hillary Clinton can't be trusted to reform wall street because of donations from wall street, how can Bernie be trusted to make college free when he gets lots of money from academic institutions?
Trump supporters, recently Trump said Jeb had to rely on his mommy; is this the kind of discourse you endorse?
What are five good reasons a democrat should not vote for Hillary Clinton?
How effect would Hillary's message of unity and love and kindness be in the election?
Why is the Drudge Report ignoring the Cruz infidelity scandal?
When does Bernie Sanders concede?
Are calls for assassination of Trump any different than calls for assassination of Obama in 08?
Without mentioning God or Religion, Can you give me an argument for why Abortion is wrong?
Why is Bernie Sanders still running and why are people supporting him when it is virtually impossible for him to attain enough delegates?
In 2006, President Obama, Hillary Clinton, and Joe Biden were U.S. Senators and obstructed a Republican President during the nomination of a new Supreme Court Justice. Today, 10 years later, Republicans are threatening to do the same to President Obama. Why do so many here seem surprised by this?
Sanders missed a local Iowa Democratic Party fundraising dinner yesterday. The event had been scheduled for nearly a year. At what point does his revolution push people too far?
What qualities does Bernie Sanders possess that would make him an effective commander in chief? And what exactly are his skills and experience in foreign affairs?
Would Sanders have Beaten Trump?
Hillary supporters: How do you feel about her receiving $2.9 million from the banking industry for giving twelve speeches?
Political violence .
Do you really want Hillary Clinton as your Commander in Chief?
How would Libertarian Presidential nominee Bill Weld be doing right now?
What would have happened if Biden had run?
Will a Warren VP pick 'turn off' anti-trump conservatives?
What is your opinion on Hillary's statement that Bernie puts gun manufacturers' rights before the parents of victims of Sandy Hook?
Why is opposition to illegal immigration controversial?
In 2015 Michael Bloomberg proposed banning African Americans from owning firearms- will this hurt him if he decides to run?
Why does the USA (where Christianity is the main religion) have an obligation to take in refugees (who are mainly Muslim) from the Middle East? Why not send them to countries where Islam is the main religion and don't have much violent conflict going on?
Why the United States mass shooting number for 2015 is not 355, but 21.
Sanders supporters, if Sanders wins the nomination, how do you plan to bring back the Clinton supporters to the fold after targeting them and Clinton with so much vitriol?
We know there are #NeverTrump Republicans. Are there #NeverHillary Democrats?
Why does Sanders continue to dismiss Clinton's wins in the South?
Why did America support Pakistan over India? Will America be supporting India instead anytime soon?
If Democrats keep winning the presidency, some people say that party fatigue will eventually set in and that we'll have a republican president. What would they look like?
What do hedge funds gain from supporting HRC?
Has U.S. Military Intervention Ever Been Good? Should It Still be a Valid Option Today?
Best news source
Over 60,000 Democrats in Brooklyn are registered today compared to November 2015. What could cause this, and what are the chances that it's a mistake or intentionally fraudulent?
Why is Trump responsible for the violence at his rallies?
I will submit what I think is an unpopular statement on this subreddit, I think people who consider Hillary the more electable Democratic candidate have it backwards, and here is why.
The DNC is refusing to sanction a debate next week. All candidates want a debate. They are being held hostage by their own party.
If Hillary Clinton's emails are going to blow up in her face I really hope it happens sooner rather than later...
What are you're thoughts on Trump's loyalty test for admittance into one of his rallies?
Is the United States due an ex-military President?
Do you think there will be violence at the Democratic or Republican conventions?
The IG Had to Get His Clearance Level Upped Just to Read Hillary's Secrets-Soaked Private Email
Is is just me or is the criticism of Trump for not disavowing David Duke hard enough really petty?
Why do you think the candidates (Clinton & Trump) talked haven't about the current controversy involving the Chess World Championship being held in Iran?
Do we think that a Bernie presidency would actually usher in the "political revolution?"
If Donald Trump wins in 2016, could a potential backlash cause a Democratic majority in Congress for the redistricting in 2020 from the census.
How would Donald Trump dropping out (as opposed to being derailed by the RNC) affect voter turnout/the election?
Should Bernie denounce his past support for gun immunity bill?
Why is Iraq war a complete disaster but Afghan war justified?
Bernie Sanders campaign just sent an e-mail asking supporters to phone bank to win New York. Is this a possibility or is it a lost cause?
Doesn't Donald Trump have the most sensible and moderate foreign policy of all the Republican candidates? Why is he then being attacked for having "weak" foreign policy?
So far, Mike Ditka, Charlie Sheen, Dennis Rodman, Mike Tyson, Kid Rock, Azealia Banks, and Kirstie Alley, among other celebrities, have endorsed Donald Trump. How seriously should we take political endorsements from celebrities?
Astroturfing from Sanders campaign?
What do you make of this article by Einstein from 1949?
Need opinions about Bernie-supporter rhetoric
Hillary's Superdelegates
Why Republicans must elect Marco Rubio.
I don't think I want to vote next year
How does Cuba keep its health care costs so low and have results equal to or greater than the USA?
A question for "the Left": why is economic equality desirable?
What would be the best way for Sanders to end his campaign so that his message can persist at this level?
What are some interesting possible outcomes if nobody gets a majority in the electoral college?
If neither Clinton nor Trump manage to get the required 270 electoral votes to win the Presidency due to third party candidates who will the House of Representatives likely select?
Why are superdelegates votes public?
Assuming Hillary wins the nomination, what will the debates be like?
Bernie supporters, do you agree with Sanders on immigration?
Should President Obama have gone after the previous administration's officials for "war crimes."
Can a Bernie supporter explain why someone torn between Clinton and Sanders should go with him, even though his policies are unlikely to ever get through Congress?
Why is Trump running for a Republican?
Trump wins the Northern Mariana Islands: How will this affect the race?
Outside of America (or where I come from at least), it is a strongly held belief that the American government is responsible for the radicalization of Islam, and that Muslims weren't mindlessly violent before that. What do Americans make of this?
What are the chances of agent provocateur activity at Trump rally in Chicago?
Why and how has the 'left' moved so far left on the political spectrum that a self-identified socialist (Bernie) has become a major contender for president?
A Response to the Romers Critique of Friedman Bernienomics Analysis. Is mainstream Keynesian economics oblivious to effects of inequality?
How likely is it that Hillary Clinton will be indicted for the private email server?
Sanders supporters - If Ron Paul was running right now who would you vote for?
Most gun control advocates claim the "majority of American people support these measures we propose", yet actual public sentiment indicates otherwise
Why are gun deaths the only one we care about? The only ones we try to legislate against?
Why don't conservatives have a strong alternative to the ACLU?
Why is Trump so popular?
An example of media bias in reporting on the PP shooting
Would you ever drop your political party for full, real decentralized voting and societal administration?
If Government can't impose morality, don't incest and polygamy need to be legal?
How do you feel about transgender/non binary people and pronouns?
What if we raise the minimum wage to a percentage of a business' earnings so that Large Corporations like Walmart and McDonalds have to pay their employees ~$15 while mom and pops will have the advantage of an $8 minimum wage allowing them to compete. Would this work?
Will the 114th congress be seen as the worst all time?
Why don't we have a 'voting week'?
Trump was endorsed by the Black Republican Caucus today.
Is Bernie Sanders a hypocrite?
What would the impact be of Trump dropping out of the race for $150 Million?
Hillary Clinton supporters, What are some things you like/admire about Bernie Sanders?
Why do millennials hate Donald Trump so much?
If Biden had won the Democratic primary and was now the nominee against Trump, how would the race be different?
Why do so few Americans vote for third parties compared to other democratic countries?
Who will run in 2020?
Should the United States Department of Education be abolished?
Progressive VP picks for Hillary?
How would a contested convention work for the Democratic Party? Is there any merit to Sanders' assertions that it will happen?
Why aren't the same people who are boycotting North Carolina pushing for ending our relations with Saudi Arabia?
Anti-Trump Protesters: Are the political left's chickens coming home to roost?
Is Clinton-Warren a strong ticket?
"Bernie or Bust" What are your thoughts?
Is Bernie Sanders the Ron Paul of the left?
Does anyone else think Trump would be a great short term solution for getting the American economy on track, while still opposing his ideologies?
Bunch of Trump supporters helped Sanders win in WV - argument for closed primaries?
I'd like to discuss justice in modern America. 90% of convictions forego our guaranteed right of a trial with the "Plea Bargain" system. Now people are being arrested for handing out copies of the constitution and jury rights information.
Would Clinton Supporters vote for Sanders if He won through indictment or super-delegates?
The Republican party was said to be a fractured mess as Trump won the nomination, but instead the GOP is unified and the Democrat party is in a bitter fight to the end for the primary.
Is a Stein spoiler possible?
Noam Chomsky says Democrats are really just moderate Republicans... Do you agree?
What is the postmortem for the Democrat Party if Trump wins?
Should people be allowed to do what they want if we have free healthcare?
I'm calling it now: Trump is our next president
What would conservatives have done differently than Obama to avert an economic recession back in 2009?
How are Trump's comments about Hillary considered sexist, but Hillary's response to Trump isn't?
In the latest Republican debate, Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton's name was said frequently. Why wasn't Bernie Sanders mentioned in this?
Sanders Supporters: Does Jane Sanders alleged bank fraud affect the way you view Bernie at all?
Why is Hillary more popular among black voters than Bernie?
When does Bernie Sanders drop out of the race?
What happens if no candidate reaches 270 electoral votes, and the votes for both the president in the House of Representatives and the vice president in the Senate are ties?
Should we just leave Afghanistan for the Taliban?
Will this being a high-interest presidential election result in low-information voters turning out in greater numbers?
Would it benefit either Clinton or Trump to run a positive campaign instead of attacking each other?
What is Trump's strategy for the NE states this November?
Why argue about bathrooms and gender?
Should the federal government add sexual orientation as a protected class?
Some protester gets beat up at Trump rally in Arizona. Why are many Trump supporters so happy.
Is Donald Trump a Fascist?
Who becomes president in the event of a 269-269 Electoral College tie?
If Trump sinks super low in the polls, do you think he'd change his policy?
How prevalent is election rigging and voter fraud in the United States?
Some Democrats see Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) as a potential running mate for Clinton.
What are some credible arguments for supporting Traditional Marriage?
How many more delegates is Sanders expected to win during the delegate election processes?
Why does nobody in the Sanders camp bring up his religion when discussing his viability?
If gun owners have to be licensed by the government, why not journalists?
Should the United States alter/abolish the 2nd amendment?
What would your optimal candidate for a 2020 race be?
Should gun control devolve to local control?
Donald Trump says the U.S. is headed towards a "very massive recession." Is there any evidence to suggest that he is right?
Is anybody else really bummed about there not being another debate?
Does Sanders' political revolution simply come down to a $15 trillion tax increase?
Would Donald Trump really make a bad President of the USA? Simply put, is he a genuine madman?
Statistical model has Trump with a 97% chance to defeat Hillary Clinton
Why would a terrorist attack benefit trump in GE?
How certain is Hillary's nomination?
Is Donald Trump the Least Hawkish Candidate?
Why hasn't Elizabeth Warren endorsed Bernie Sanders? Here's one theory. Lets discuss!
A discussion on the philosophical differences between dems and repubs.
I'm a web developer, and I have an idea on how to solve political ignorance in this country.
If Obama cares so much about gun violence (taken to tears) such that he's now taking Executive Action, why didn't he do so five or so years ago? There has been no uptick in gun violence to justify; just politics?
Who else cant wait for the Donald Trump & Hilary Clinton debate?
Is the GOP establishment out of control?
Assault Riffle Owners of Reddit, Why Shouldn't there be an Assault Weapons Ban?
Are we heading down the path to McCarthyism again?
Thoughts on the Anti-Political Correctness Movement?
Bernie admitted in 2010 that Single Payer only had 8 votes. So why the hell is he now pushing for it?
Has Hillary Clinton given up on trying to win younger voters?
How come Republicans were underrepresented in the recent ABC News National Poll?
If trump loses the general, has the republican primary opened the door to actual white nationalist running in 2020?
Did Donald Trump just commit political suicide?
John McCain was called too old to run at 75, 4 years ago. Bernie Sanders is 74.
Who will get Reddit's popular support if/when it becomes clear that Sanders will not get his party's nomination?
White House official says that Obama thinks Clinton is qualified to be President
Racism is at the heart of the Trump movement, which is driven by racial resentment by white men angry that they no longer dominate American society the way they used to, says NY Times columnist.
What do we expect our representatives to be?
Is a governmental monopoly on banking a good idea?
How competitive will Pennsylvania be this election?
How much political power does Facebook have? Might they ever make an effort to affect an election?
Im an 18 year old college student thinking about running for office, looking for advice!
Non-Americans/Canadians: Who would you vote for in the USA elections?
Would there be a way to solve wealth inequality without socialism?
Do you think that Hillary Clinton and/or Bill Clinton still regrets Hillary Clinton's 2008 loss?
How are Ted Cruz and Bernie Sanders fulfilling their Senatorial duties during this campaign?
Question for supporters of immigration in Europe: what do you expect the future will look like, politically, if large amounts of immigration occur?
There have been a great number of irregularities this primary that have discouraged voting on both sides of the isle. Moving forward what can we do to make sure this does not continue?
Trump and Clinton have maintained much worse favorable ratings than Rubio or Sanders, and yet they're leading. Is this typical and does this signify anything besides name recognition?
Is the 'cultural purity' argument against illegal immigration inherently racist?
Is it fair to compare the movement for homosexual rights to the movement for black rights in the United States?
Is this the year for a Libertarian candidate?
Any thoughts on Washington Post's Jonathan Capehart and his articles about Bernie Sanders photos?
Are Hillary's connections to Wall Street a legitimate criticism?
DISCUSSION: I think referring to the presidential election process as a race is inherently divisive and fosters a competitive environment.
Who would be in a Bernie Sanders cabinet?
Should we have gone into Iraq and Afghanistan?
Is there truth/significance in the leaked memo that suggests in 2012 the Obama administration supported a Syrian insurgency that would evolve into the Islamic State?
What are some positive things communism and communists have accomplished domestically (in the US) and internationally
Sanders says he intends to be a Democrat even after this election. What if he was made part of the party leadership a la Howard Dean?
Did Hillary Clinton basically mainstream the idea of first ladies running for elected office?
How is Bernie's free healthcare and free education not a "blank cheque" to the medical and education establishments?
The Clinton Foundation was apparently subpoenaed by the State Dept. Is this going to be a problem for Hillary Clinton?
RCP Average has Bernie Sanders is leading in Iowa for the first time since the race began. What does this mean for the upcoming primary, and can he keep the lead and win the state?
Is it possible to view the US as an equally successful society as Canada or the Nordic countries? If not, does it inherently follow that left-of-center policies need to be adopted to at least some extent?
Puerto Rico is one of the last colonies in the world, and is owned by the United States. The island deserves to be an independent state.
I consider myself fairly liberal, but recently the left has been doing things that I can't agree with. How can I rationalize this?
Democrats, if you could flip one red county in the US, which would you flip? Republicans, if you could flip one blue county in the US, which would you flip?
How come no one is creating content that speaks TO Trump supporters?
Was I the only one offended by Sanders' flippant remark equating mental illness to stupidity?
Hillary wants to talk about electability. As a Bernie supporter, I challenge Hillary's supporters to carry this argument!
Why don't presidents just veto any controversial bills they don't like ?
Why is there a double standard when it comes to scandals in the Sanders and Clinton campaigns? Why do Bernie scandals get a pass in the mainstream media?
Christians who vote conservative - do you think Jesus is pro gun? Would he be in favor of cuts to the social safety net? Would he be in favor of universal health care? Would he be in favor of lower tax rates for the 1%?
Does Trump's new nickname for Hillary ("Heartless Hillary") resonate?
What does the VP pick of Tim Kaine say about how Hillary will run her administration and how progressive she or her cabinet will be?
What is the potential fallout for Trump's leaked audio recording from 2005?
How will Bernie supporters react if/when Bernie endorses Hillary?
What do you think about the idea that Trump is already hurting the US economy?
If Sanders declines to endorse, or runs as independent, what is Clintons White House strategy?
What is the Clinton campaign doing right now?
Why Are Sanders Supporters mad about Hillary getting NH Superdelegates yet see no irony in redistribution of wealth aka socialism?
If Trump ends up 20 points underwater in the polls to Hillary by the time the convention rolls around, is it possible that the GOP finds a way to nominate a different candidate?
Further clarification and comments from officials suggests Sanders reached out first to the Vatican and that the Pope did not invite Sanders. Will this be a story? Why is Bernie going to the Vatican days before NY?
If a Republican began revoking American citizens' rights without due process, they would be called a Fascist by the media, and others. Why hasn't Hillary Clinton received any of this criticism for demanding that those on the No-Fly list not be allowed to buy guns, which is a protected right?
What's your argument for closed primaries?
Who would win an election between Trump and Sanders?
Is Hillary Clinton Fundamentally Honest and Trustworthy?
Guns and Islam--analogous or apples and oranges?
What as Clinton "flip-flopped" on, other than gay marriage?
Trump's campaign manager insists that Trump is not afraid to debate
If Hillary is indicted, who should be the Democrat nominee?
As a moderate Dem, should I be worried that a Warren VP would pull a Clinton presidency too far leftward?
When will we see a centrist presidential candidate succeed in the United States again?
Allegations have arisen that Trump has forcibly touched two women. Will these allegations seriously impact voter behavior in November? If so, how are these allegations different from those Bill Clinton faced in the '90s? Do voters hold Presidential candidates to different standards than in the past?
Bernie Sander's VP
Is Hillary Clinton a feminist icon?
Question about Clinton's emails and the ongoing FBI investigation and Congressional hearings on it.
Why does Bernie claim to be a socialist?
State Caucus Flips, why are the Clinton delegates failing to show?
Any other Democrats here who will support Trump if Hillary wins the nomination?
Why is there still such a focus, in political conversation, on college education rather than self-education and/or online education?
Line Item Vetoes on bills presented by Congress. What are the pros and cons?
Could Elizabeth Warren have won this presidential race?
Senator Sanders' Influence and respect level in the Senate
Could Sanders have won if the primary schedule was different?
In regards to minimum wage.
Has anyone here had time to closely examine "Hillary Clinton's Flip Timeline" gaining traction elsewhere on reddit?
Why is Bernie the only candidate being ripped for being older? Hil is 68 and Donald is 69
Why is no one talking about Hillary's debate statement that if elected she'd have the "political capital" to get things done.
Why is "not being able to get things done" a valid complaint against Sanders?
Bernie Sanders Taxation Plan. Will he really tax us at 2/3rd our income?
Why isn't Caucusing seen as suppressing the vote in the same way as voter ID laws?
Is there any argument against GMO labeling other than that people are too stupid or anti-scientific to be informed about what they're eating?
Something to think about. Donald Trump has 30 percent of the vote in recent Republican polls. Bernie Sanders has 30 percent of the vote in recent Democratic polls.
Is the current push for social justice the beginnings of a new era of McCarthyism?
If Bernie Sanders were to be 'outed' as a millionaire would it discredit the income inequality argument of his campaign in the eyes of his supporters?
Liberals really went overboard with "socialism"
Is Hillary Clinton a weak candidate?
If political campaign contributions were requires to be anonymous, would that solve the problems caused by money in politics?
Obama didn't create Trump, Republicans did.
In 3 out of 4 swing states, more democrats would be satisfied with a Clinton nomination than Bernie. What does this say about the Bernie or Bust movement?
Obama Delays Endorsing Clinton
What are the benefits of social corporatism in a society? Does social corporatism as an economic policy make sense?
New WI Poll : Trump 42 Cruz 32 Kasich 23 . Is Trump peaking at right time?
Why do people call Cruz a "religious zealot?"
Do Bernie Sanders supporters really believe that he won't endorse Hillary if he loses?
Why is Sanders seen as weak and unable to lead?
Who would be in the best position to beat Hillary in 2020?
Is it desirable, or even possible, to create a modern state modelled off Athenian Democracy?
Free Speech was taken away at Donald Trumps Rally in Chicago
Why hasn't Obama legalized marijuana by executive order yet?
Joe Rogan: "This country has a mental health problem disguised as a gun problem and a tyranny problem disguised as a security problem." How relevant is this quote in today's political environment?
Bernie continues to do worse than Obama did in 2008. Is momentum a thing & how will it impact New York?
Why the media and many redditors fail to understand the rise of Donald Trump.
How much of an issue should Hillary Clinton's health be in the current campaign?
NAFTA: Good or bad?
If All Democratic Primary Contests Were Open Primaries, Which States Might Have Voted Differently in 2016?
Is the erosion of privacy a bipartisan effort? The vote tally for the Patriot Act tells a different story.
Trump supporters get criticised a lot, but at least they have a reason to be optimistic: Bernie does not (and he's never lead in the polls, ever)
Given that insurance rates are going up and cost of drugs is going up, what exactly was "affordable" about ACA?
Clinton needs 143 delegates to clinch, there are 151 supers remaining uncommitted, could they put her over the top before CA?
Should Debbie Wasserman-Schultz resign as the DNC chair and apologize for some of the transgressions and lack of professionalism in the leaked DNC emails?
Sanders lying about endorsements? Does this challenge the "honesty and integrity" based campaign of Sanders?
If you take all the states Trump is currently ahead in the polls, and add the state he is least behind in (New Hampshire), Trump would win by exactly 1 electoral vote. What would the repercussions be to an election that close?
What if the states were ruled by their winning parties?
What are some problems with legalizing all immigration and vastly expanding the social safety net for citizens to compensate?
If Hillary wins this election, who will run in 2020?
Could the RNC removing Trump from the nomination bring people back to Republicans?
How would Cruz fare if he were to make another run at the Presidency in 2020 should he lose the nomination?
What is the real reason that Kasich has not dropped out? Surely him dropping out strengthens the opposition against Trump?
Haven't seen this question brought up on this sub: How does Sanders reconcile his trade policy hurting the poor in the 3rd world?
Have Republicans already exhausted all possible negative attacks on Trump leaving little for the Democrats in the general?
John Kasich just won Ohio. Is a brokered convention imminent?
Would Sanders be better off dropping out and using his money to fund a wave of grassroots congress members?
Can you explain the support for Trump in one sentence?
What if Sanders and Trump each ran independently?
Who is the next Bernie Sanders?
CNN Trump KKK Argument
Tulsi Gabbard, Hawaii Congresswoman - A rising star for the Democratic party? [For 2020 and beyond
Why are all media (CNN FOX MSNBC) and Republicans declaring Hillary the overwhelming winner of the Dem race? Is Sanders getting the nod virtually impossible and if not how?
How would Bernie Sanders do as Vice President?
Clinton vs. Sanders, Experience vs. Judgement
I know this is crazy. Do you think Clinton could deliver the presidency for Sanders?
Why is there an opposition to making English the official language of the United States of America?
Why has the Affordable Care Act casued an incrase for health care costs in the US?
Do Trump and other candidates bear responsibility for those who endorse them?
Has the State Department released a smoking gun in the Hillary Clinton e-mail scandal?
Do you think Hillary Clinton could win a second term?
If war is against my religious beliefs should I be able to opt out of paying taxes ?
Is it fair to compare the current state of Islam to Christianity in the USA (and other countries) 200 years ago?
The problems of Islam - looking at a study
Any former disillusioned Obama supporters liking him more and more since the midterms?
What would a Donald Trump concession speech look like?
Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-Missouri) tweeted about Donald Trumps Weight. Is this an example of the "double standard"?
How can we save Medicare?
Are the Trump Protesters/rioters helping Trump?
What are some things America does right?
Is Sanders' tweet "We will not allow the Donald Trumps of the world to divide us," a tacit endorsement of the protest tonight?
Is it wrong of me, a Bernie Sanders supporter, to vote for Trump in the general if Hillary wins the nomination?
President Obama's and others' recent arguments that "discrimination against muslims helps the extremists" is self-defeating and will not win over hearts and minds of Americans
Why is "doing what's right" more important than Democracy?
[MegaThread
It's only been a week and Hillary Clinton already broke her promise not to respond to Trump
If Sanders is elected, he would arguably be the first non-Christian President ever. Why isn't this talked about more often?
Can anyone explain this weird disparity between the news/media and reality with Hillary?
Why don't the parties hold their conventions a few weeks before the general instead of a few months?
Has Hillary Clinton been at a disadvantage due to high expectations during this election season, and will they hurt her during the General?
What sort of turnout for America's different demographics can we expect, compared to previous presidential elections?
What are the odds of the republicans running a "3rd Party" candidate in an attempt to create no electoral college majority?
What's the likelihood of Donald Trump besting Hillary Clinton in New York come the generals?
Future of the Trump coalition
Should Europe repeal it's hate speech laws?
Will the USA leave their 2 party system behinde if National Popular Vote Interstate Compact is enacted?
Sanders supporters, are you surprised that Clinton will debate him in New York?
What could Gary Johnson do to achieve a successful run for president?
No representation without taxation
What does AIPAC actually do?
With the recent violence, how bad could a Trump vs Bernie general become if they both made it to the general and focused their attacks on one another?
Protesting and Political Rallies
What are the theories as to why Sanders lost Massachusetts ?
How does /r/politicaldiscussion feel about the Democratic Party "superdelegates" procedure?
Why DIDN'T Trump outright, unequivocally denounce David Duke and the KKK?
A Political Science professor at my university is forecasting a 97% chance of Trump winning the general.
Hillary Foreign Policy Successes?
Due to the massive amount of individuals donating time and money to the Sanders Campaign, if he loses do you think that his supporters will be too disappointed and unmotivated to show up for Hillary in the General?
Why do we have superdelegates?
Thoughts on Tulsi Gabbard as a potential VP choice (for Bernie as HRC will most likely choose a Latino, domestic policy male).
Trump to the Power
Is Trump sewing the seeds for a third party run ?
If Trump gets the Republican nomination, do you think he will become president or not and WHY?
If Trump Wins in the General, Against Hillary, zzz What does the Democratic Party Look Like?
Any difference between Planned Parenthood videos vs. past Factory Farm videos?
Myers-Briggs-ing the candidates?
If trump wins the White House, do you think he will make it four years without doing something to get him removed from office?
Is there a plausible scenario in which an independent candidate can win the general election without being in either the republican or democrat primary?
The perception of the presidential candidates seems to be totally out of phase with reality.
Trump hype train giving way to Cruz?
Serious Question for people sort of about Gun Control/Mass Shootings
Will Trump's attack on Bill Clinton's sexual predatory behavior neutralize Hillary Clinton uses of the GOP's "War on Women" argument?
If Trump doesn't get the GOP nomination, who will?
How can Bernie come out of this debate looking good considering his campaign was involved in the data breach, does he have a leg to stand on?
If HRC wins the presidency, who's your way-to-early prediction for 2020 Republican nominee?
Should America move to being a more neutral country?
If Critics of White Privilege Are Correct, Isn't White Voter Support for Trump Rational?
How big could winning Iowa and New Hampshire be for Bernie Sanders when many believe he's unelectable?
I'm working on my thesis about the Social Construction and Importance of Human Rights and want to get your input. What does "human rights" mean to you?
Was the theater massacre any less appalling than the Charlie Hebdo killings?
Why don't the major parties give up on the contentious and polarizing issues?
Has T-Mobile illustrated the flaw with net neutrality?
Could this system help to improve politics?
Would Trump's wall work?
Trump is going to win, according to Allan Lichtman - a political scientist who has used his 'keys to the White House' theory to correctly predict the last 8 elections.
Why do party nominees get intelligence briefings?
Why are people against Trump's plan to build a wall across the US border?
If Hillary Wins, Will She Have To Make Compromises With the Sanders Camp?
Does New York let independents cast provisional ballots?
So are we just going to ignore Hillary's victory?
Sanders is not electable.
Trump's popularity and the misconception about the average voter, have you guys considered that maybe you're just living in a bubble?
Does seceding from the Union (ex. texit) technically violate any amendment in the constitution?
Is there room for Christian Democracy in the United States?
Serious question for those concerned with Clinton's email "scandal"
Does the Hogan/Gawker decision raise First Amendment concerns?
If he had been eligible, would Arnold Schwarzenegger have run for President?
Is raising the national minimum wage to 15$ an hour really the best idea?
What is your definition of a racist?
With this latest attempt at mass murder in Las Vegas, can we now agree that it's the person who's to blame and not the tool used?
Would 2nd amendment rights have protected Paris?
What would happen if the US just decided to refuse to acknowledge its national debt? If it made a public statement that it would halt all payments toward its debt in any fashion whatsoever?
What do you expect a Hillary Clinton presidency to look like?
Would it be a good strategy for Trump to say he'll release his tax returns when Clinton releases her Wall Street speeches?
What do you make of the threats and harassment made by Trump supporters to GOP delegates? Do you think it will backfire?
Let's turn the question around - Would you as a Hillary supporter vote for Bernie if he won the nomination?
Did Hillary Clinton destroy evidence?
There seems to be another side to the NVDems convention debacle. After watching this relatively reasonable explanation of the events with video does the anger on the Sanders side make any sense?
What do you think of these statements by Sanders and Clinton on a Panama Free Trade Deal?
What happens if Trump wins? Will it be like a U.S. Brexit?
Will Hillary start taking the gloves off for Bernie soon? Or is it not worth alienating his supporters?
Who is Killer Mike, and why does his opinion suddenly matter?
Should SCOTUS justices remain neutral on Presidential elections?
I am well past college aged, democrat, in a swing state, and I am voting for Trump.
Does Trump represent a growing wing of fascism in American Politics?
Will Clinton's Numbers Increase once she Puts Away Sanders?
Is Trump really wrong to suspect a conflict of interest with Trump U judge
Clinton has selected Tim Kaine of Virginia to be her running mate. How does this compare to Pence?
Have immigration restrictions been a net plus or a net minus for humanity as a whole? Would most people worldwide be better off with open borders?
Will Regional Identities Become Less Important As More Internet Proficient People Start Voting?
How would the nation react to a presidential candidate promising to only serve one term? How would you react?
How best to address self radicalization?
Could Trump have been doing much better if not for unforced errors?
What's the primary reason you voted for or will vote for your favored candidate?
If only members of the party should vote in primaries, why are they taxpayer funded?
Is it understandable for the average Arab person to want to be at war with Israel?
Why have there been no polls for the NY democratic primary released since Thursday?
Can someone describe to me why gun manufacturers should be held liable for gun deaths when the 2nd amendment allows us to carry weapons?
If Clinton wins the nomination, will all the people donating to Sanders turn around and similarly empower Clinton to not have to fund raise from corporate donors?
How many jobs lost if single payer implemented?
Bernie supporters: If politicians should not take money from wealthy individuals, and it has so far been impossible to pass public campaign funding, how do you suggest newcomers fund their campaigns?
What will happen to Bernie's war chest once he concedes? Does he turn it over to the DNC? To Hillary's campaign?
What's the upper limit on how crazy the Republic National Convention gets?
How do you feel about on campus carry?
Dem Polls for 3/15 are all pre-Michigan.
I'm an undecided NC democrat voter. Sell me on your candidate.
Why do some supporters present themselves so poorly.
How does everyone feel about Marco Rubio's "attack" on Trump?
What's the difference between Sanders 2016 and Obama 2008?
Honest question: What is the logic behind progressive taxation (i.e. the rich paying a higher % rather than simply paying more at the same rate?)
Why is Trump being criticized for not doing the FOX debate, but Bernie Sanders - who has often complained about the lack of Democrat debates - is getting a free pass for refusing to take part in the upcoming MSNBC debate?
Presidential Election takes up too much oxygen - how do we fix this?
Why does Obama get so much hate from the GOP for being "anti-gun"? I can't think of any new gun regulations that have been implemented since the day he took office. What has he done exactly in the eyes of Republicans that makes it seem like he wants to take away guns?
New Anti Trump commercial combines children and vulgar language and gestures. Do you think the creators went to far?
What is the modern conservative argument against raising the minimum wage?
Am I the only one who thinks Obama did a better job of organizing a "political revolution" than Bernie?
The Obama Administration just blocked the release of Clinton's correspondence on the TPP until after the election. Should the State Department be allowed to dictate release dates around the election?
Why are republicans being blamed for the planned parenthood shooting if Muslims are not being blamed for terrorism?
What do you think about Hillary and de Blasio's "C.P. Time" joke?
Trump caught in behind the scenes conversation with MSNBC co-hosts
Planned Parenthood is a non profit organization that receives federal and state financial aid but also has endorsed candidates and spent money to get them elected. This seems to me like a lapse of logic?
Current and former supporters of Bernie Sanders...do you see a shift in tone of his campaign, and if so, does it change how you see him at all?
Should Chris Christie be impeached, and if so, on what charges?
What are the repercussions if Donald Trump wins and gets 3 supreme court nominees?
Why are people talking like the Dem superdelegates as if they've already voted?
A philosophical political question I've been considering lately: Is the majority always the oppressor? Debate in comments.
Will George W. Bush be looked back on as a decent president?
Why do certain economists and so many people still believe in the trickle-down effect?
What is the legality of offering games on Steam to supporters who canvass/phonebank/garner donations?
Email servers turned over by a former Clinton aide who was granted immunity showed no signs of hacking. Will this be the end of the investigation?
Is Hillary Clinton the Democrats Mitt Romney?
Trump is going to OVER perform in Iowa
48 Hours to Iowa, When will Sanders his release his tax plan? He had said he would do it before Iowa. How is he going to fund free college and free insurance and balance costs of those initiatives at same time?
Half the country already thinks Obama is a socialist/Muslim/Manchurian candidate, so why would Bernie being an actual socialist have a negative impact?
The Bundy-BLM dispute is about land grabbing and political corruption.
If corruption didn't occur, would Communism work?
Why are America's founding fathers treated as though they were infallible?
Is the Democratic Party playing with Serious Fire on Radical Islam and Syrian Refugees?
Bernie Sanders' campaign manager blames Hillary for ISIS. Is this the new normal?
Why does Reddit have concerns with national security when it comes to classified material on HRCs server, but not when it comes to Snowden and Manning's leaks?
Trump rises in a recent Reuters National poll, almost level with Clinton, should her campaign be worried?
Is Sanders' rhetoric giving rise to the Tea Party of the left?
Let's talk about gun confiscation in the U.S.
How important is it for Politicans/Political Candidates to be seen in good health?
Why doesn't Hillary Clinton support a $15 federal minimum wage?
Why do I so often read on reddit "if Sanders loses I'm voting for Trump?" What would motive someone to vote to vote to a radically different candidate? Is it really just voter dissatisfaction and hate for super-PAC candidates?
If Trump stepped down, who would the GOP put up to replace him?
Who are some names we may see in Trump's cabinet if he is elected?
If Hillary reaches the number of delegates needed to win the nomination, does she automatically win?
Should Clinton adopt any of Sanders' policies or ideologies?
Can anyone tell me why western governments, like the Dutch, are donors to the Clinton Foundation?
How can all of the candidates have negative approval ratings except for Bernie but still, he's not winning in the primaries?
If the FBI recommends to indict Hillary Clinton, but the DOJ doesn't indict, what happens to her campaign?
Sanders changes his mind on gun control bill at the 11th hour
What exactly is Bernie Sanders' beef with Wall Street?
Why the Democratic party is eager to give citizenship to all illegal immigrants yet doesn't seem to care about legal immigrants?
What does everyone make of Obama's blatantly false statement that "A violent felon can buy the exact same weapon over the internet with no background check, no questions asked," during his speech?
Socialism?
Could Hillary Clinton be the first Democratic presidential candidate to win the college-educated vote?
Hillary Clinton "President Obama took money from interest groups and it did not influence his politics"
Opinions on Jeffersonian Democracy?
If Gary Johnson makes it to the debates, could he throw the election to the House?
Trump and Clinton are tied in a Rasmussen Reports poll.
If Clinton gets the nomination, do you think Sanders will endorse her?
Republicans that acknowledge growing income inequality. Wouldn't spending money on making sure that everyone had healthcare and education narrow the income gap?
Do Democrats and President Obama really think the GOP is afraid of 3 year old orphans?
Should NATO/US place military outposts in the deserts of the Middle East between major cities once IS is defeated?
On the idea of 'Donald the Dove' and 'Hillary the Hawk'.
If Sanders gets the democratic nomination, who do you think he'll pick as his VP and why?
The contradiction of Sanders
Obama Privately Tells Donors That Time Is Coming to Unite Behind Hillary Clinton. Think it will piss off Bernie people?
re: Oregon - Do you forfeit your first amendment rights when you exercise your second amendment rights?
Does the term 'superpredator' deserve the attention it is getting?
Likelihood that Trump doesn't get a majority in any state come Election Day?
What was Bernie Sanders' "peak day"?
Is Obama a Divisive President?
When Will Bernies answers become grounded in reality?
Hillary's Cabinet and VP?
Is a successful politician obliged or forced to manipulate the less intelligent members of the society they govern?
Are there any legitimate paths to the White House for Gary Johnson? Assuming he gets into the debates gets his message out to the general public, what would a winning electoral map look like for him?
Sanders predicts 'major victory' in NY
Bernie Sanders leads every Republican while Hillary Clinton trails 5/6 of them in new national poll. Thoughts?
Is Bernie intentionally sucking at debates in order to not weaken Clinton in the general election or is he just plain bad?
Will 2016 see greater or lower turnout than 2012?
Under the assumption that Hillary Clinton wins the 2016 election, what possible candidates would we see in 2020?
What should a Presidential Candidate look for in a VP?
Why is federal gun registration so intractable politically?
Replacement Migration
If the NeverTrump crowd were to field a decent nominee with significant financial backing, could we see that candidate pick off a few states and try to send the election to the house?
Have Populists/Statists merged as a new identifiable voting block in American Politics? Who/Where/What are they?
Why has Sanders' embrace of socialism helped him be more competitive against Clinton than Cruz's embrace of true conservatism against Trump?
Regardless of the outcome of this election, barring him being the nominee, do you think Sanders will be a political factor in 2020? (Not necessarily as a candidate)
Bernie's tax returns. Hillary's transcripts. Honest discussion, why is it such a struggle to require transparency from a potential POTUS.
What impact will the Panama Papers revelation play on the 2016 elections?
With students asking for counseling over Trump 2016 chalk drawings at multiple universities and with the strong backlash to those requests, how do you think college campus climate will effect this election?
Is classical liberalism dead?
How do you think North Korea's relationship with America would be different had we not gone to war with Vietnam?
"Early installment weirdness" - is this a good explanation of why the US differs politically in so many ways from other developed countries?
I am very dissatisfied with my state's handling of its primary yesterday, and I wish to ask others how I can effectively voice my concern and play a role in preventing future, either intentional or accidental, state-wide acts of voter suppression.
Who is really to blame for Trump's rise? Many say the Republican Party but I'd argue the guilt is better placed elsewhere.
Instead of undermining Donald Trump, why doesn't the GOP just support him?
Kasich needs 116% of the remaining delegates to win why the hell is he still in?
I know the government can't violate people's free speech, but does the First Amendmnet apply to regular citizens?
What are the chances Bernie Sanders will win the election?
Housing is the Fourth Racket that has not been addressed.
What good does proectinism do when jobs are being lost to robots and AI not overseas and illegals?
Here's the video of Hillary Clinton's "Super Predator" comments from the 1990s. Is there anything in this video that suggests she's talking about all black people, or even black people in particular?
PPP Florida Poll: Trump Vs. Clinton results are very interesting.
Trump be selling watches in Manhattan were in not for his inheritance from his father
Racial disparity in arrests and sentencing. Is it racism or simply regional logistics?
"The US cannot be a social democracy because it is too big and diverse." Here's why I find this argument weak.
Does Clinton have 9 times the delegates that Sanders has even with less votes than him?
H.C.'s "firewall" -- Are minority groups going to find Clinton's assumption of support insulting?
Hillary dabbing. Good or bad with young voters?
We have to accept that with growth comes pain
Bernie's Army
The Washington Post's Philip Bump writes "Sorry, Bernie Sanders and Ted Cruz. You are part of the establishment, too."
Should the United States Government consider paying reparations to African-Americans?
How do democrats run to the right on guns for the general election?
Does anyone else think there is an overreaction to Ted Cruz's "New York Values" comment?
Is it ok for Americans to not take responsibilities for the unintended consequences of the iraq invasion?
Webb/Huntsman 2016?
Are Donald Trump poll numbers artificially low?
Going 'Green' as weapon against ISIS/ISIL/Daesh
How do you swiftboat Trump?
Democrats: if we theoretically had strong unions in America, similar to Scandanavia, would you still be opposed to limited government?
Why does no one have a problem with Ted Cruz running for president considering he wasn't born in the US?
Any Democrats think Trump is no longer worth it?
Donald Trump and the White Nationalists
White House: "Pass a law that prevents somebody...on a terror watch list from being able to attend a mosque"
Do Republicans/Conservatives think the strategy of being a political party with a demographic that overwhelmingly consists of straight, white, and Christian-Protestant voters be successful in the long run past 2016?
Why does reddit seem to have no problem with mexican immigrants in the US but hate muslim immigrants in europe?
Donald Trump's Prescription for American Greatness
Sanders to Boxer (on NV): 'I can't believe my people would do this' - has he lost control of his supporters?
As a non-Bernie-supporter, I have a problem with the term "Bernie Bro" and the issue of parochialism vs. intersectionality in the liberal movement
What is the difference between a Socialist and a Democrat? (Serious) Chris Matthews asked Hillary, and now I ask you; Self professed Democrats and Socialists - what is the defining difference.
Is Donald Trump using Nixon's "Madman Theory" to win the election?
"I'm a democrat but I'm not a socialist." - John Kasich
Is the Second Amendment fundamental to a free democratic society?
Is it fair to say that Obamacare is a great example of why Politicians dont compromise?
Hillary and the Speeches
What's the rational argument behind progressive income tax?
Why did Vermont's single payer system fail and what implications does this have for a national system?
Does the Bernie campaign have a problem with vetting what their surrogates say?
Who are some public liberal intellectuals on par with the late William F. Buckley Jr?
Supporters of Hillary Clinton, what are your reasons for supporting her over Bernie Sanders?
When will we have our very asian american president?
A Koch brother has said that Hillary may be a better president than the Republicans. Is this a plus or a minus for her in the general?
$100 tax on all gun sales. Is this an example "common sense" regulation gun owners can expect to deal with in near future?
With Cruz dropping out, should Bernie Sanders get out of the way so Clinton can focus on Trump?
On Hillary's "glass ceiling" comments
If Trump loses in November, which Republican do you think is in the best position to become the 2020 candidate?
What are your thoughts on Absentee Ballots?
How much debt is Obama actually responsible for?
What would it take to have a proper 3rd party?
Will Hillary Clinton lose votes if her VP pick is female
Could George W. Bush beat Ted Cruz for his US Senate seat when Cruz is up for reelection in 2018?
New Tennessee General Election Poll - Could It Be In Play In GE?
Attacks via candidates' spouses: when Hillary makes Bill a key part of her campaign, does she open herself up to being attacked on the grounds of his baggage?
Is Ted Cruz intending to run as an independent?
Which of these places best defines SOCIALISM... Venezuela and Cuba? Or Scandinavia?
How can Trump win Louisiana and end up with less delegates than Cruz? is this ethical? Can he file a lawsuit?
If Warren endorsed Clinton and was VP, theoretically, how would they do?
Just how many people would be willing to boycott the general elections just to stick it to their party?
If Trump gets the POTUS and dems took back the house...Would Democrats support obstructionism?
How do people propose overturning Citizens United without gutting the 1st amendment?
Dynastic Politics: Anyone Bothered?
Why are most Democrats and some right wing nationalists so against free trade?
Does Tulsi Gabbards endorement of Bernie Sanders mean anything for his chances?
Why didn't Bernie Sanders give a concession speech?
Will Hillary be the next Hubert Humphrey?
The republican ticket will be Trump-Rubio
Could the Hillary email thing end up being a huge PLUS for her in the general election?
More people should know about Libertarian Gary Johnson
Concerning Bernie's plan for Healthcare. What happens if people leave the country?
Milton Friedman once said, "Heaven preserve us from the sincere reformer who knows what's good for you and by heaven he's going to make you do it whether you want to or not. That's when the greatest harm is done." How true is this statement? Can we apply it to Bernie Sanders?
Who should Sen. Sanders pick as his VP and why?
This Clinton 'No-Fly' Zone response seems nonsensical, but she is a very experienced person on the subject. What's going on here?
Do you think Hillary would put Bernie on the ticket in order to get the left to vote?
Is the Sanders campaign underutilizing the 140k strong SandersforPresident subreddit?
Is conservatism the default state in human nature?
Would Bernie Sander be able to pass his legislative agenda with this Congress or a democrat controlled college?
Is Bernie Sander going to lose or win Iowa, and by how much?
Why do we still need Unions? Aren't there enough federal laws in place to protect workers?
Why do Bernie supporters think the media is in the tank for Clinton, when they've been hammering her for months over the email scandal?
Does anyone else think that Carly Fiorina was acting a bit sexist in last nights debate?
Which ideology would hurt the United States the most? The far right or the far left?
Security for soft targets in the wake of the Paris attacks? Should we ban the burqa or the niqab?
How can we allow the media to go unpunished when they push propaganda?
Why are American's OK with other Americans having to compete with foreign workers for jobs on US soil?
Do any other conservatives think the fight for gun rights isn't being properly framed as being a last means for protecting our other rights?
General election polling in mid-April had Obama ahead of Romney by 4 points. Obama beat Romney by 4 points in November. Why does everyone say GE polling is way off base at this stage?
Why do presidential nominees spend money on TV ads over other things?
(Inspired by Profiles in Courage)Do you think it is an elected officials job to do what their constituents want, or is it their job to do what they think is right, even if it goes against the will of the people who put them in the office they hold?
What should the criteria be to run as a democrat or republican?
What happens if delegates bound to Trump don't show up to vote?
What is stopping either party from running a spoiler candidate against the other?
Does the pursuit of victory justify the abandonment of core, historical democratic values?
Does the government have the legal authority to break up the big banks?
Overcrowded colleges
The US system of choosing a president, from the primaries and conventions to the electoral college, is uniquely complex. How would you change it?
What states do you think a progressive Democratic nominee would lose in a general?
Trump May Be Stripped of All of His South Carolina Delegates
If it does come to a GOP brokered convention -- how important do you factor VP picks?
Would you say that the 2016 election year will be a major mark in history text books?
How does the GOP handling of the Garland nomination compare to Democratic opposition to Alito?
What will Marco do next?
Are we (as voters, citizens, w/e) morally obligated to vote with our party?
What are the long-term effects of Trump hypothetically just falling short of the nomination, or being denied it in a brokered convention?
Would there be any merit to a Reddit-style upvote/downvote system for elections?
Question for Democrats: with regard to campaign finance, how do you personally feel about Donald Trump not taking money from special interests (e.g. banks, corporations)?
What role, if any, should violence play in the contemporary political process in America? What conditions must be present for the use of violence to be justified?
Is it possible Sanders' victory last night was the result of Republicans skewing the results by voting in the Democratic primary?
A Wall Street Journal poll released today found that a full 1/3 of Bernie Sanders supports wouldn't vote for Clinton. Should this worry Democrats at all, or will everything be different by November?
What's the difference between Communism and Anarchy?
What's the difference between firing someone for opposing gay marriage and blacklisting someone for being communist?
Did Sanders Actually Intend to Win the Nomination (Initially)?
What is behind the rise of Trump and Sanders in 2016?
It seems to me that Rubio's single victory, now cinches the nomination for Trump
Could an establishment "last line of defense" against Trump be the Electoral College's unwillingness to confirm him?
Can Trumpism Create a Winning Coalition?
Does Ted Cruz ever drop out? If so, when? Would that wrap up the nom for Trump?
Knowing that released detainees have rejoined terrorist forces like Al-Qaeda, would you have kept Guantanamo at its former capacity?
What's to Stop the President from Nominating Justices?
Could a Trump-like candidate happen in today's Democratic party?
If Sanders wins the nomination would Joe Biden be a good choice as his VP?
What would be an equitable compromise between a father's and mother's interests in the abortion debate?
Nobody seems to be very happy with the candidates in either of the two main parties. Why hasn't a third party gained political momentum from this opportunity?
What would be the outcome of a brokered convention on the Democratic side?
Why is small gov't good for America?
What if neither Bernie or Trump get the nomination, how will reddit and alike hop on the crazy clinton train? I see the possibilities as: Cruz/Carson/Kasich vs. Clinton ballet
Does Trump actually fit within the GOP, and is nationalism inherently statist?
How does Bernie win if he wants to hike taxes for the rich above 50%?
What should be prioritized, security or liberty?
How much attention is Trump's outrageous behavior getting is because he is the GOP frontrunner?
If Trump runs as an Independent and if the DNC forces Sanders to run as an Independent, could we see a possible split in the 2 parties?
It feels so strange how this current political election has brought out two candidates who, while both running for the major political parties, have distanced themselves greatly from their mainstream demographics. Bernie and Trump, regardless of political ideologies, are breaking their parties' mold
Would Bernie have/have had a better chance of winning the nomination if he wasn't so nice to Clinton?
Why is Fox News treated (politically) like the opposite of MSNBC instead of the opposite of CNN?
Isis is not contained, with new terrorist threats, is this the right time for America to assemble a coalition of nations to eliminate this threat, with recent statements it appears, Europe, the Middle East allies and Russia will participate.
Syrian refugees held in refugee camps stateside?
Mizzou: I don't think I've heard in this story anything where anybody said anything to whoever made a swastica in the bathroom.
Who are the "Obama Republicans" of 2016?
[LIVE Thread
Tulsi Gabbard: "Senator Clinton clearly didn't do her homework before her vote on Iraq." Is this a fair criticism?
Would you like to have seen Ross Perot get elected in 1992?
I understand liberals belief to a woman's right to choose, but what if the husband wanted to child?
The Onion Headline: "Poll Finds Hillary Clinton Candidate Most Americans Want To Have 8-Ounce Glass Of Tap Water With". Is the media portray of Hillary Clinton as being a cold and drab person fair?
Hillary as a Blue Dog - Does this accusation hold water?
Why the hell is Rand Paul trying to take credit for proposing the Muslim ban?
Trump has received a lot of attention for his recent campaign comments regarding the second amendment. What will be the implications for his campaign?
The Obama Administration announced that healthcare premiums will be increasing by 25% on average next year. Moreover, consumers will have fewer provider choices than before as insurers continue to back out. Where do we go from here and what implications will this have on midterm and 2020 races?
What is the potential fallout for Trump's leaked audio recording from 2005?
FBI Director James Comey has informed Congress that new emails apparently "pertinent" to the investigation of Hillary's personal email server have been found. What is the best way for the FBI and other agencies to handle the release of information during a contentious election?
Could the rise of Trump be a reaction to Rural Decay?
The Clinton campaign is shifting money and resources away from the presidential campaign to House and Senate races. Is this a risky strategy? What effect will it have?
Some GOP members are willing to block any SCOTUS nominee from Clinton if she's elected. What are the repercussions for possibly maintaining vacancies for another 4+ years?
Allegations have arisen that Trump has forcibly touched two women. Will these allegations seriously impact voter behavior in November? If so, how are these allegations different from those Bill Clinton faced in the '90s? Do voters hold Presidential candidates to different standards than in the past?
Governor Paul LePage: "we need a Donald Trump to show some authoritarian power in our country and bring back the rule of law". Will calls for authoritarianism become more pronounced in the future? How will this effect presidential campaigns (and politics in general) going forward?
Post Debate Discussion Thread
Former Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling has declared that he has made up his mind and will be running against Elizabeth Warren for her senate seat in 2018. What are his chances and would the Massachusetts GOP welcome a Schilling run?
Wikileaks just released a April 2015 document of DNC staffers discussing strategies to destabilize the Republican field - such as secretly assisting "Pied Piper" extremist candidates during the primaries. To what extent may this tactic have been used during the current election?
Why Does This Latest Revelation About Trump Seem To Be Gaining Traction With Republicans In A Way None Of His Other Issues Did?
The reigning king of Thailand has died. What implications does this hold for Thailand's domestic affairs?
Evan McMullin and his advisors are planning to start a new center-right party after the election. Is that viable?
[Debate Megathread
Duterte has announced a "separation" of the Philippines from the United States and is beginning trade deal negotiations with China. What are the implications of this?
The USIC has officially blamed Russia for hacking US institutions to manipulate domestic politics. What will be the international fallout?
Bernie Sanders has been pushing the idea that he will be the Chairman of the Senate Budget Committee if the Senate flips to the Dems. What powers would he inherit and would this give more likelihood to the implementation of some of his campaign goals?
British PM Theresa May seems to indicate the country will go with "Hard Brexit". What are the implications ?
How serious is the scandal surrounding South Korean President Park geun-hye?
Why didn't the #nevertrump movement embrace Gary Johnson?
Hillary Clinton is reportedly eyeing Joe Biden to be Secretary of State in her administration. What do you think the odds of this happening are, and is Biden a good pick?
Why do candidates always talk about "manufacturing" and "factory" jobs? Seems like a very esoteric career choice
Has either presidential candidate(or any candidate in any race, for that matter) talked about how they would combat that rapidly declining bee population?
Live Thread: Second Presidential Debate
Ted Cruz recently said "There is certainly long historical precedent for a Supreme Court with fewer justices." What precedents might he be talking about?
Has Any Presidential Candidate Ever "Lost" All 3 Debates and Still Won The Presidency?
VP Debate Thread
Donald Trump has said he may not accept the outcome of the election. By what institutions or means could Trump contest the election? Which of these means might he choose?
The Democratic Party is making early arrangements on the redistricting front. Will these efforts be gainful and what tactics should they employee to see the most success?
If Clinton wins, and there is concrete evidence that the Kremlin engaged in hacking and propaganda to support Trump, what would be an appropriate response?
If you had to reinvent the Republican platform so that it would have broader appeal while not completely sacrificing conservative principles, what would it look like? How would you pitch it to existing Republicans constituencies who may be wary of change?
Was 2016 Paul Ryan's best year to run for President?
Are you aware of anyone who ever changed their vote based on the Vice Presidential Debate?
[Debate Megathread
What should the consequences of the recent Donna Brazile allegations be?
Freedom Caucus members of the House GOP have hinted at ousting Paul Ryan as Speaker in 2017. What are the odds of this actually happening and what would the ramifications be of a Freedom Caucus Speaker in a likely Clinton presidency?
Will Donald Trump attempt a hostile takeover of the Republican Party?
Is the lack of a shared political reality a new thing, and can we overcome it?
Should the Republican party change their presidential primary rules for 2020?
Obama advocates for a curating function to combat misinformation. How might that work?
Colombians vote against FARC Peace Deal
What powers does the president have that few people know about?
What are some of the most unexpected procedural oddities in political history?
How should Hillary respond to questions about Bill Clinton's affairs?
Do any of the recent "Podesta leaks" contain anything truly damning?
VP Debate Post Thread
This election, Maine is voting on an initiative that would allow voters to rank their choices of candidates. Would there be any wider reaching impact if this passes?
A new poll has McMullin (I) in a statistical tie with Trump and Clinton in Utah. If he were to win the state, would his impact be felt longer-term than the other third-party candidates?
Can you think of anything Trump can do/say that would get his base to not vote for him?
I've heard people call Jill Stein "crazy" and portray her as a fringe candidate. Is this simply an image problem, or is she really on the political fringe?
As the Republican Party schism unfolds, what do you think of the possibility that well see GOP members of Congress switch parties?
According to Nate Silver, in 2012 male voters preferred Romney while female voters preferred Obama, and in 2016 men prefer Trump while women prefer Clinton. Is such a gender split a new phenomenon, and what are the implications when the genders disagree on the direction for the country?
A recently released poll in Utah shows Trump, Clinton, and write-in Evan McMullin in a statistical tie. What effects would there be if Utah ended up going blue, or even 3rd-party?
Why is Alaska becoming more competitive in presidential elections?
How can Mike Pence and Tim Kaine theoretically "win" tonight's debate for their sides?
Former senators Russ Feingold (D-WI) and Evan Bayh (D-IN) have been out of the senate since 2011 but are making runs this year. If Feingold, Bayh, or both are elected, would they have leadership positions in the senate like tenured members or would they be relegated to first term status?
[Polling Megathread
Would Marco Rubio have beaten Clinton?
If the Dems do capture both chambers of Congress, what legislation would likely get passed between 2017 and the midterms?
With the RNC abandoning Trump, is the House now in play?
Why is rural Wisconsin more blue than suburban Wisconsin?
What will be the implications of the Pirate Party forming a coalition government if they are successful in today's Icelandic parliamentary election?
What happened between 1988 and 1992 that turned California from a Republican-leaning swing state to solid Democrat territory?
A majority of GOP voters want the party to stick by Trump; what does this mean, and does this mean the most recent tapes didn't have that much of an effect?
Should Mike Pence consider abandoning Trump?
The topics for the third and final presidential debate have been announced. Are these topics appropriate for the final debate and how do you feel they will be answered by the candidates?
Was the middle class just an anomaly of the 20th century, and, barring some sort of intervention, are we now simply retracting back to a society of upper and lower classes?
After Romney lost in 2012 the GOP did an autopsy of the election and determined they needed to attract more women, minority and LGBT voters. If Trump loses, what will be the post-mortem after the election?
Should Voting rights be viewed as an inalienable right, even for ex-felons and current inmates?
Who would be the Speaker of the House if the Democrats were to regain control?
Obama's Final 100 Days
[Polling Megathread
Can the Republican party become more attractive to minorities without adopting any "progressive" policies?
[Final 2016 Polling Megathread
[Debate pre-game
If Trump is a "proof of concept" for a particular style of politics but personally doomed to failure, who is it that can take Trumpism and win?
[Polling Megathread
RealClearPolitics has moved Texas to "tossup" status. Does this sudden change surprise you? Is it a change specific to this election or is it now truly a swing state?
What will happen to the GOP if Trump does not concede and/or declares the election to be a sham?
Should Hillary supporters in Utah vote for McMullin?
[Polling Megathread
If Rick Perry successfully primaries Ted Cruz in 2018, what would the implications be for the GOP, and what would the future hold for Perry and Cruz?
Tim Kaine delivered a speech entirely in Spanish in Miami this weekend. How is the speech (and Kaine in general) playing among Latino and Spanish-speaking voters?
What will happen to the Republican Party if Trump earns more Electoral Votes than Romney did, which looks likely? Will they take it as a sign that a Trump party is more viable than a Moderate Romney party?
Is Clinton really as hawkish as portrayed, particularly over Syria?
Would you support a constitutional amendment that allows naturalized citizens to run for president?
Are we on the doorstep of a cold war with Russia?
If all states took the Medicaid expansion how would that change Obamacare Today?
How will the allegations that Assange is actively trying to influence the US election affect US-Ecuadorian relations?
What are the potential implications for Hurricane Matthew on the presidential election?
What would a 2016 "autopsy report" look like for the losing party this election?
If the Democrats win this White House and the House this election would it be smart for them to push for proportional representation?
In the debate, Hillary said that she believes police should use force only when necessary. How could she implement it and how effective would it be at saving lives?
What kind of Republican will win the 2020 GOP nomination?
In retrospect do you think the Arab Spring was a success or failure?
Is there any practical difference between a 51/49 majority in the senate, and a 50/50 + VP majority?
A growing number of elected Republican officials have withdrawn endorsement of Trump. Do Trump's remaining supporters view them as too liberal, unreasonable, or unfaithful?
Is the vitriol and hate of the 'other side' the new normal?
If the Supreme Court becomes solidly liberal under President Clinton, what are the biggest "landmark decisions" it will make in the next 8 years?
Would America benefit from longer terms for the House of Representatives?
Why did the Democratic Party stop spending money to defeat Marco Rubio's senate campaign?
What questions from the audience could most hurt or help each candidate in the town hall debate?
What would happen if the Senate refused to seat any of Clinton's nominees for the Supreme Court?
What is the most brutal negative political ad that you've ever seen? What in your opinion makes a negative ad effective?
With the most recent Utah polls showing a very tight race between McMullin and Trump, will McMullin pull out the victory? Why or why not?
Clinton elaborated on her support for a no-fly zone in Syria, where the Russian air force is currently operating. Is there possibility of armed conflict with Russia in the next few years?
How will the email hacks change future campaigns in terms of how campaign staff communicate?
[Debate Megathread
A Trumpian Party Split?
What are the pros and cons of imposing term limits for Congress?
Would a Trump victory constitute a political realignment?
Apparently the new president makes 4000 political appointments when they get into office, who are all these people?
Wikileaks has released a list of possible VP nominees Hillary Clinton was considering before picking Tim Kaine. How many people on this list were serious contenders? Are any better choices than Senator Kaine?
Will the regulation of gene editing debate be as contentious as the abortion debate?
What is it about Iowa that makes it a swing state?
If Clinton should win the election, what do you think should happen to Merrick Garland's supreme court nomination?
If the Citizen's United decision were overturned, should documentaries like Netflix's "13th" be allowed to be shown close to the election?
What Surprised You the Most this Election Cycle?
What is it about Alaska that makes it a possible swing state this year when it wasn't a swing state in recent presidential elections?
How does Ted Cruz spend the next four years under a Trump presidency? Under a Clinton one?
Where would candidates campaign if we eliminated the electoral college?
What would be the federal economic (revenue / jobs) impact of legalization of marijuana?
Will conservative voters giving up on Trump shift their support to 3rd Party Johnson?
Were the Voting Rights Act and the Civil Rights Act responsible for the Democratic Party only winning one presidential election through six election cycles (1968-1988)?
How will Chris Wallace do as a debate moderator this Wednesday?
If you could build your own political party, what would be the top 5-10 policy positions?
Which politicians were most successful after a failed Presidential campaign?
Why was Michael Steele replaced as RNC Chair after the GOP's massive electoral successes in 2010?
Are there any differences between the Communist Party of Tajikistan and the People's Democratic Party of Tajikistan?
Does Donald Trumps shift from current US foreign policy on Serbia have geopolitical repercussions?
A new study finds apathy, not third parties, responsible for Clinton's "millennial problem". What can the campaign do to ensure turnout?
Has Trump fundamentally changed any of the "unwritten rules of politics"? Or was he just an anomaly and things will go back to normal in 2020?
In the past 100 years, which president has been the most centrist or "moderate" in your opinion? How good of a job did they do as president?
Will this election help define which states belong in the "Red Wall" category?
How do you think Ted Cruz, Jeb Bush, John Kasich, and Marco Rubio would have each fared against Hillary Clinton in the general election?
What are some notable political ads from this cycle that don't pertain to the presidential race?
Is Nader taking Florida justified in being the sole demise of Gore?
What is Evan Mcmullin's political future?
Does the Supreme Court have Constitutional ground to make a ruling on gerrymandering?
How would Mike Pence have fared against Hillary Clinton in a hypothetical general election match-up?
Will Republicans who do not support Trump turn out to vote? What impact will the top of the ticket have down ballot this year?
What are the criteria for a news organization to "call" a state on election night?
Will McCain's comments on opposing Clinton's SC nominees, and subsequent backing off those comments, force the GOP to allow a vote on a Clinton nominee in the first weeks or months of a Clinton presidency?
Why do the Democrats have a presence in every state while the Republicans don't
Worst Presidential Candidates in history
If the Republicans only hold on to the house by less than 10 seats, will Ryan be strong enough to keep the speakership?
Regarding the potential for Trump supporters to "punish" the GOP by refusing to vote downballot, how organized are they really to execute such a move?
In a recent interview, Singapore's Prime Minsister lays out the foreign policy issues associated with not passing TPP. Is this something that should have been discussed more in terms of obtaining support for it, or communicated better to the public? Or would it not matter?
Should Trump lose, could/would he run again in 2020?
What state and local ballot measures should the rest of the country pay attention to?
Why are political opinions so volatile?
Investor-State Dispute Settlement (ISDS) is one of the greatest points of contention regarding the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Critics claim the mechanism favors corporate interests over national sovereignty. Is this the case? If so, how could the system be improved to be better balanced?
Twelve states are holding gubernatorial elections this year. Which ones should be the most interesting to watch?
Why do people freak out about the national debt?
Other than president what else will the U.S. be voting on in this election?
So what do you see Bill Clinton's role in the White House with a Hilary Clinton victory?
How did Ralph Nader win such a high percentage of the vote in 2000?
Do you think a southern Democrat could win their home state in this political environment?
Is it possible that Sen. Rob Portman's increased strength as a candidate is actually helping upticket (Donald Trump) in Ohio as opposed to the other way around?
What are the chances that the National Popular Vote Interstate Compact takes effect by the 2020 election? What would be the impacts if it did?
Without falling completely into the Benghazi attack rabbit hole, can we discuss one discrepancy about whether there was a "stand down" order issued? The security forces there claim there was a stand down order, but the official report says there was no such order. Who are we to believe?
How will the GOP change its stance on Russia, if at all, in the next few years?
Australia and Belgium have some of the highest voter turnouts in the world. What part does compulsory voting play in creating a politically engaged electorate?
Theresa May has attacked the influence of the Libertarian Right and has moved the Tories to the left economically and to the right socially. Is this the model centre-right parties in the West should follow?
As far as presidential politics go, what states are changing color (going from red to purple, blue to purple, blue to red, etc)
What does Ecuador gain politically by giving asylum to Assange?
In light of Trump's leaked audio recording: Is it even possible now that the GOP will get rid of Trump and make Pence the standard-bearer, or are they stuck with him to election day? Would ousting him this late improve their chances?
What happened in October/November of the 1980 election that turned a small lead for Carter in the polls into a landslide loss?
What Will Be the Next Amendment to the United States Constitution?
What happened between 1996 and now that made MO, AR, TN, KY, WV, go from BLUE to being about as hard Red as it gets?
Will Rogers wrote: "This country has gotten where it is in spite of politics, not by the aid of it. That we have carried as much political bunk as we have and still survived shows we are a super nation." Does (hyper)partisanship have any value, or is it purely an obstacle to progress?
Is it possible for Clinton to win in the polls, but she loses in the race because everyone stays home?
Theoretically, what would happen if a 3rd party (i.e. Libertarian or Green) focused 100% of its efforts/resources in just one state? What impact would that have on party power and name recognition?
What impact will leaked/hacked emails, texts, phone calls, conversations, etc... have in future US elections?
Hillary often faces the charge that she is a "hawk." How do Hillary's foreign policy views substantially differ from the GOP's position?
President Obama has announced that he will be giving 150 Down-Ballot endorsements before the general election. How will this affect ongoing congressional races?
If Republicans hold on to a slim House majority, how does Paul Ryan avoid the same 'motion to vacate the chair' threat that ousted Boehner?
The US has formally suspended bilateral talks with Russia about the war in Syria. How will the war develop in the coming weeks?
Which Senators or Congressmen are likely to lose their seat on Nov 8, and who is likely to replace them? What effect will this have?
In light of this week's leaked Trump recordings, what is next for Ted Cruz? Will he recant his last-minute endorsement or not?
Are there any close House races to watch? Are there any seats that could potentially flip parties?
How can the American election system be changed for the better?
Who do you think would've been a great president had they not lost the election?
Why did the Reform Party die off?
What is the most powerful position in the world right now?
What happened in the Ohio senate race?
Would there be any discernible advantage to having one of the presidential debates be a 'doubles' debate, i.e. both candidates argue against one another along with their VP picks? Which party might benefit the most depending whether it's 2016, 2012, 2008, etc.?
What is Democrat's Path to Winning the House?
How much effect will third debate have on both sides?
What are the pros and cons of creating a National Holiday for national voting days?
If the Dems do capture the House, and with it likely the Senate as well, what would be the repercussions for both parties?
What are the political differences between Millenials and Generation Z?
Which Senate/House election are you most invested in? Who do you support in it?
Would it be legal for a sitting US Secretary of State to be on a presidential ticket?
Have any of the three Presidential (and one Vice Presidential) debates changed your vote? Has a debate ever changed your vote in the past?
To what extent is your voting behavior informed by self interest?
How Different Would the USA be, if Presidents Could Server More than Two Terms?
What explains the urban/rural divide among voters in this election and past ones?
Are there any prominent people from this year's campaigns (candidates, supporters, other) that Hillary could appoint to her cabinet or elsewhere, as Obama did with Hillary in '08?
Who has more "closet voters"?
Do you think its a good idea for US states to have bicemral legislatures?
What grade would you give the Democrats for how they have run the general election?
The presidential candidates didn't shake hands at the second debate, reflecting the hostile polarization of the electorate. How can the country be united again after the election?
If Hillary wins the election, do you believe there is going to be a controversy over the legitimacy of her 'mandate'?
Would third parties(Libertarian, Green, Constitution, Socialist, etc.) be more viable if they started at the local and state level?
If elected, could Trump feasibly get Roe v. Wade overturned during his term(s)?
Would Chief of Staffs make good presidential candidates?
What will Biden do after being VP?
After this election what are the fates of the factions of the Republican Party
Why and how has the TPP been in the US legislative system for so long? How will it's passage/rejection intersect with the Presidential election?
How has this election been compared to your expectations?
How will third-party candidates fair in the general election given the events of the last few weeks?
What is the most important thing to consider, for you, when selecting a candidate?
Will Whoever Wins Likely be a One Term President?
What are some of the major policies and moments in President George W. Bush's legacy?
Does the appearance of a lopsided race benefit either candidate?
Will early voting change how the campaigning game is played? Could we end up in a situation where the victor is "known" before election day?
How would politics change if an individual's voting record was part of the public record?
Problem with reading the constitution as the founders intended
Why did Bill Clinton undershoot his polls in 1996?
There are two independent candidates in the senate who caucus with the Democrats. If the senate race results in a close shave, for example 49 republicans, 49 Democrats, and 2 Independents, does this count as a democratic majority?
What would be the most interesting debate you could have - who would it be between and what would be the format?
WikiLeaks tweets that founder Julian Assange's "internet link has been intentionally severed by a state party." If true, what are the reasons for and implications of this unprecedented breach of the Ecuadorian embassy's diplomatic immunity?
Will Gary Johnson hit 5%, and what are the implications if he doesn't?
What does a win scenario in Syria look like for the US? What are the paths to get there?
After the 2016 Election, will the United States be more divided or united as a country?
Is there a future for Evan McMullin in the Republican party?
How would a Clinton/Obama 2008/2012 ticket have fared?
Is Gary Johnson helping or hurting the pro marijuana movement?
If you were the Libertarian Party, what would you have done differently this election to be more competitive?
The Indiana Senate Race is now tied. Who do you think will win and why?
If the Clinton ticket wins, whom do you think Virginia Governor McAullife will replace Sen. Kaine with?
So Trump released his plan for his first 100 days in office. Are these viable plans, and would these entice prospective voters?
With the relative success of Donald Trump's campaign to go from someone nobody took seriously to a Presdential candidate, do you think we will see an increase of "viral campaigning" in the future?
How would the George W. Bush presidency be rated if the Great Recession hadn't happened?
Why do people use the presidential polls to predict down-ticket races? Isn't it perfectly possible for people to vote for a president from one party and a senator/rep from the other (especially in this particular election)?
What is most likely to happen with the Supreme Court vacancy if the Democrats take the presidency and senate?
The effect of recent leaks and FOIA requests on political and government communications?
Hypothetical question: What if a third party put one of the major-party nominees at the top of their own ticket, but with a different VP?
How many political ads are you seeing on TV? What's the ratio between Trump/Clinton?
What one change would have saved or significantly helped a losing Presidential campaign?
Is there any empirical evidence suggesting that "complacency" has an effect on election results?
How involved would Tim Kaine or Mike Pence be as VP?
What are the economic impacts of stringent intellectual property laws? What would be the impact of loosening them? How relevant are they to international trade - especially in the face of the rampant theft of IP by state actors?
How fair game is a candidate's personal life?
Third Party Candidates: Who are they taking votes from?
In your opinion what should the next administration's jobs/stimulus program look like?
Why do some people do that thing where they never mention their opponent's name?
How much is the election over issues and policy versus a power struggle between groups/demographics?
No Fly Zone in Syria and it's potential impact
Regardless of the current rhetoric would you name one positive thing that you respect in the candidates you are not voting for?
In 2014, gun control advocates scored a victory against the NRA in Washington state via ballot initiative. Will they be able to replicate that success across the country?
Is there any chance that Donald Trump will call on his supporters to boycott the general election in an attempt to delegitimize it?
Why do you think the Palestine-Israel conflict hasn't been addressed at all in the general election?
Why did Russia revert from PR to 50/50 mixed SMD and PR in the 2016 election?
What if term limits were just a limit on successive terms?
After 2016, is it likely we could see a return of the Blue Dog Democrat?
What will Hillary and Donald's biggest regrets be if they lose?
How does Kentucky, a heavily red state, elect only two republican governors over the past 44 years?
How would politics be different if electoral votes were apportioned by county, rather than by state?
What advantages would a President Hillary Clinton gain if the Senate turns majority Democratic?
When will we see a centrist presidential candidate succeed in the United States again?
Possible future Presidential Candidates?
Why do some states elect senators from different political parties?
Do you think the youth vote will change much by 2020?
How does campaign finance/advertising reform work outside the US, in the age of the internet?
What country is the US most likely to go to war with next?
What is the future for UKIP in light of Diane James' recent resignation?
What would happen if Social Security were to go insolvent?
What would happen if voting machines were successfully hacked in an American election (but the government detected vote manipulation)?
In this election season, have you been touched by a campaign? Did it impact your vote?
Does the recently leaked Clinton/Podesta email that appears to confirm Saudi support of ISIS prove this theory more than any evidence we've had before?
In the debate on Sunday, Hillary Clinton said she would "arm Kurdish forces".What would arming Syrian Kurdish forces change in the Syrian conflict?
If elected, would Clinton be able to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court, considering the Senate's reluctance to nominate a replacement?
Body autonomy and constitutional rights
What will be the Republican demographic/ideological coalition post 2016?
Once ISIS is driven out of Mosul, who will fill the vacuum?
Why is West Virginia staunchly conservative while the majority of its bordering states are much more moderate/liberal?
Why do you think the candidates (Clinton & Trump) talked haven't about the current controversy involving the Chess World Championship being held in Iran?
How much further to the left does a center of the aisle European politician (Sweden, Denmark, etc.) lean compared to a centrist politician in the US?
Are there any historical examples (at any state or national level) of the impact of one candidate having a robust ground/GOTV campaign, and the other candidate not?
If mandatory voting was instituted in the US for presidential elections is there any evidence that it would substantially benefit one party?
What would be the effects of no party winning a majority in the next Spanish Election?
There is a major divide in the Republican Party on whether or not to support Trump. Regardless of who wins, how likely is a permanent split in GOP?
Would Sanders have Beaten Trump?
How does a Senator like Mitch McConnell from a relatively small state like Kentucky rise to the very powerful position of Senate majority leader?
What is one senate race where you actually think the opposing party's candidate is a better choice?
What should be the progressive agenda if the Democrats manage to take all 3 chambers?
What political philosophy would a "Republican Bill Clinton" be more likely to have?
Would/could a non-partisan House speaker work in the US as it does in Westminster parliamentary systems?
How is political corruption identified and prosecuted in the United States?
How will Donald Trump's news campaign against the Republican establishment affect his standing with more moderate voters?
What would happen if Trump actually did drop out?
Who will get the most write-in votes this election?
We hear warning about complacency a lot in Presidential Elections but is there any evidence of bandwagoning?
Has political/society polarization lead to greater acceptance of corruption/lying/scandals of one's own "side"?
At what level of public life/public service is privacy not a right?
Does Evan McMullin have a future in politics?
Are the voter fraud concerns of the right completely without basis? (Caveats inside)
How would this race be going if the Supreme Court weren't in play?
3rd Party Political Debates?
Is it legal for a campaign to call and say you requested an absentee ballot and have to turn it in but haven't requested one?
What would SC with 8 members be like in long term?
Leaked Clinton email shows Saudi Arabia and Qatar are "providing clandestine financial and logistic support to ISIL and other radical Sunni groups in the region". Will this leak change anything about the relationship between the US and Saudi Arabia?
Given Hillary Clinton's personal unpopularity compared to President Obama, do you think he will take on a greater role in public leadership than recent former presidents if she wins?
How many votes does the Green Party need to have an impact?
Would you like to have seen Ross Perot get elected in 1992?
How would Jesse Jackson (D) have faired against George H.W. Bush (R) in 1988?
You are going to be one of the citizens asking questions at the town hall debate tonight. What question do you ask and what response do you hope to get?
In the United States, we elect representatives based on geographic location, but are there other or better ways to represent the people, e.g. by allotting seats for experts in certain fields or to minority groups?
Why were North Carolina and Virginia so consistently Republican from 1984-2008?
If you were the Clinton campaign how would you prepare for a potential for a Wikileaks surprise.
Third party votes: what are the pros and cons?
What is the worst mid term/congressional election either party has ever experienced?
Is it desirable, or even possible, to create a modern state modelled off Athenian Democracy?
Who becomes president in the event of a 269-269 Electoral College tie?
What happens if Trump wins? Will it be like a U.S. Brexit?
Why aren't either candidates addressing the issue of the 'Fourth Industrial Revolution' aka an impending unemployment crisis caused by intelligent automation?
If Trump were to win and the House of Representatives retained a Republican majority, what would the president/congress relationship look like?
Could Paul Ryan lose his seat?
If he had been eligible, would Arnold Schwarzenegger have run for President?
How different would the 2004 election gone had Howard Dean won the Democratic nomination?
How will the new FLSA law --requiring lower-paid employees to be paid hourly instead of salaried -- impact employees?
What is the appropriate way for a U.S. political party to appeal to the base while still governing the country as a whole?
Should we bring back pork barrel spending? And is that feasible politically?
Have recent election results challenged public faith in democracy and are there any alternative sources of legitimacy that could be considered?
Why did Gore run with Lieberman as VP candidate?
Has Bernie Sanders shown us what is to come in the political landscape?
Why don't national polls include McMullin?
How legitimate do you think the president Egyptian government is? And some other matters
How will the US Elections affect the Iranian Presidential Election in 2017?
Why have Palm Beach and Volusia Counties trended red in Florida?
Evidence of Shy Tory Factor in the polling?
What impact will a Trump presidency have on the rest of the world?
To what extent should religion play a part in American politics?
How would the supreme court function if some aspect of the 2016 presidential election are disputed as in Bush v. Gore?
What are your predictions for 2020 if (1) Trump wins or (2) Clinton wins?
How would an attempt at redistricting the House logistically occur after the election?
Why does the Senate seem more likely to have independents?
What in your opinion is necessary experience/qualifications (if any) a candidate should have in order to run for President?
If Clinton wins, how effective with the Democrats be at holding the fire to Republicans that supported Trump?
With a change in demographic support in both parties, which state will be the next state to closely match the national margin?
Since many Republican states have embraced voter ID laws should Democrats do so as well?
Why is "motivation" to vote a big factor?
Why don't the parties hold their conventions a few weeks before the general instead of a few months?
But why isn't representation in most State Legislatures set up comparably to representation in Congress?
What would the repercussions be if a 'Massive DDOS attack' happened on Election Day?
What are some interesting possible outcomes if nobody gets a majority in the electoral college?
Will Rick Perry run again?
If George HW Bush had won reelection, how would his second term would have gone?
If the Green Party simply never existed and the presidential race was Democratic vs. Republican vs. Libertarian, would the Libertarian Party reach the 5% vote cutoff needed for federal funding?
What happens if no candidate reaches 270 electoral votes, and the votes for both the president in the House of Representatives and the vice president in the Senate are ties?
Should we just leave Afghanistan for the Taliban?
Will the 2016 election provide data that can prove or disprove vote fraud?
What map is the best case scenerio for each candidate?
Command and control solutions vs market solutions: which do you prefer and how do you align politically
[Theory
If Trump ran as a Democrat and was running against Cruz, who would you vote for?
How do we change the voting process from "First past the post" to "ranked voting"? Can this be done on the individual state levels and outside of the elected leaders?
The swing states have always been inconsistent. Why do you think they are? How would you make them more consistent?
Could there be Tactical Voting in the United States, specifically Utah.
American Nukes in Taiwan to deal with Chinese South China Sea threat
The city of San Jose may soon require gun owners to keep their firearms in a locked safe when not at home. Does this proposed law violate the constitution, and could it be considered the equivalent of a poll tax?
Will Mitt Romney run again? How would he do?
Will the Democratic party have future troubles in nominating non-minority presidential candidates?
Might the Clinton campaign save any October surprises for 2020?
Will demographics matter 20 years from now?
Was Trump under represented in primary polling? If so does that apply to the general election?
Were Brexit and the FARC vote propelled by the same forces? Does it mean anything for Trump?
Will the Trump campaign harp upon Clinton's "four minutes" nuclear code comment and will it gain traction?
Should Hillary Clinton concede Utah to McMullin?
How prevalent is election rigging and voter fraud in the United States?
Was Hillary Clinton's remark that it takes 4 minutes from a Presidential order to the launch of a nuclear weapon in violation of any code or classification system, or is it public knowledge?
Why does one negative public comment make people call for an end of a political career?
If Trump ran as a Democrat and was running against Cruz, who would you vote for?
If the Green Party simply never existed and the presidential race was Democratic vs. Republican vs. Libertarian, would the Libertarian Party reach the 5% vote cutoff needed for federal funding?
[Theory
Since many Republican states have embraced voter ID laws should Democrats do so as well?
Why aren't either candidates addressing the issue of the 'Fourth Industrial Revolution' aka an impending unemployment crisis caused by intelligent automation?
What are your predictions for 2020 if (1) Trump wins or (2) Clinton wins?
WikiLeaks tweets that founder Julian Assange's "internet link has been intentionally severed by a state party." If true, what are the reasons for and implications of this unprecedented breach of the Ecuadorian embassy's diplomatic immunity?
What impact will a Trump presidency have on the rest of the world?
How do we change the voting process from "First past the post" to "ranked voting"? Can this be done on the individual state levels and outside of the elected leaders?
If you were the Clinton campaign how would you prepare for a potential for a Wikileaks surprise.
Were Brexit and the FARC vote propelled by the same forces? Does it mean anything for Trump?
Would Sanders have Beaten Trump?
Why do you think the candidates (Clinton & Trump) talked haven't about the current controversy involving the Chess World Championship being held in Iran?
What are some interesting possible outcomes if nobody gets a majority in the electoral college?
What happens if no candidate reaches 270 electoral votes, and the votes for both the president in the House of Representatives and the vice president in the Senate are ties?
Should we just leave Afghanistan for the Taliban?
Who becomes president in the event of a 269-269 Electoral College tie?
How prevalent is election rigging and voter fraud in the United States?
What is the potential fallout for Trump's leaked audio recording from 2005?
When will we see a centrist presidential candidate succeed in the United States again?
Allegations have arisen that Trump has forcibly touched two women. Will these allegations seriously impact voter behavior in November? If so, how are these allegations different from those Bill Clinton faced in the '90s? Do voters hold Presidential candidates to different standards than in the past?
Is it desirable, or even possible, to create a modern state modelled off Athenian Democracy?
Why don't the parties hold their conventions a few weeks before the general instead of a few months?
If he had been eligible, would Arnold Schwarzenegger have run for President?
What happens if Trump wins? Will it be like a U.S. Brexit?
Would you like to have seen Ross Perot get elected in 1992?
The city of San Jose may soon require gun owners to keep their firearms in a locked safe when not at home. Does this proposed law violate the constitution, and could it be considered the equivalent of a poll tax?
How would politics change if an individual's voting record was part of the public record?
Leaked Clinton email shows Saudi Arabia and Qatar are "providing clandestine financial and logistic support to ISIL and other radical Sunni groups in the region". Will this leak change anything about the relationship between the US and Saudi Arabia?
Given Hillary Clinton's personal unpopularity compared to President Obama, do you think he will take on a greater role in public leadership than recent former presidents if she wins?
How many votes does the Green Party need to have an impact?
What would the repercussions be if a 'Massive DDOS attack' happened on Election Day?
With a change in demographic support in both parties, which state will be the next state to closely match the national margin?
Without falling completely into the Benghazi attack rabbit hole, can we discuss one discrepancy about whether there was a "stand down" order issued? The security forces there claim there was a stand down order, but the official report says there was no such order. Who are we to believe?
Evidence of Shy Tory Factor in the polling?
Why don't national polls include McMullin?
Will the Democratic party have future troubles in nominating non-minority presidential candidates?
Will Rick Perry run again?
If George HW Bush had won reelection, how would his second term would have gone?
Why is "motivation" to vote a big factor?
In 2014, gun control advocates scored a victory against the NRA in Washington state via ballot initiative. Will they be able to replicate that success across the country?
To what extent should religion play a part in American politics?
If Clinton wins, how effective with the Democrats be at holding the fire to Republicans that supported Trump?
Will the Trump campaign harp upon Clinton's "four minutes" nuclear code comment and will it gain traction?
What country is the US most likely to go to war with next?
Have recent election results challenged public faith in democracy and are there any alternative sources of legitimacy that could be considered?
Are the voter fraud concerns of the right completely without basis? (Caveats inside)
Does the recently leaked Clinton/Podesta email that appears to confirm Saudi support of ISIS prove this theory more than any evidence we've had before?
Will Whoever Wins Likely be a One Term President?
3rd Party Political Debates?
Problem with reading the constitution as the founders intended
Will demographics matter 20 years from now?
The presidential candidates didn't shake hands at the second debate, reflecting the hostile polarization of the electorate. How can the country be united again after the election?
How much further to the left does a center of the aisle European politician (Sweden, Denmark, etc.) lean compared to a centrist politician in the US?
Was Hillary Clinton's remark that it takes 4 minutes from a Presidential order to the launch of a nuclear weapon in violation of any code or classification system, or is it public knowledge?
The Indiana Senate Race is now tied. Who do you think will win and why?
In the United States, we elect representatives based on geographic location, but are there other or better ways to represent the people, e.g. by allotting seats for experts in certain fields or to minority groups?
Why were North Carolina and Virginia so consistently Republican from 1984-2008?
Paul Ryan has told house republicans he won't defend trump and will focus the next 29 days on keeping the house majority. Is this the official signal of the party abandoning him?
American Nukes in Taiwan to deal with Chinese South China Sea threat
Third party votes: what are the pros and cons?
Why have Palm Beach and Volusia Counties trended red in Florida?
FBI Director James Comey has informed Congress that new emails apparently "pertinent" to the investigation of Hillary's personal email server have been found. What is the best way for the FBI and other agencies to handle the release of information during a contentious election?
Should Hillary Clinton concede Utah to McMullin?
What is the appropriate way for a U.S. political party to appeal to the base while still governing the country as a whole?
Will the 2016 election provide data that can prove or disprove vote fraud?
Is it possible for Clinton to win in the polls, but she loses in the race because everyone stays home?
How is political corruption identified and prosecuted in the United States?
The swing states have always been inconsistent. Why do you think they are? How would you make them more consistent?
How legitimate do you think the president Egyptian government is? And some other matters
Has political/society polarization lead to greater acceptance of corruption/lying/scandals of one's own "side"?
How would Jesse Jackson (D) have faired against George H.W. Bush (R) in 1988?
Might the Clinton campaign save any October surprises for 2020?
Has either presidential candidate(or any candidate in any race, for that matter) talked about how they would combat that rapidly declining bee population?
Should Hillary supporters in Utah vote for McMullin?
What would happen if Trump actually did drop out?
How would this race be going if the Supreme Court weren't in play?
Post Debate Discussion Thread
What political philosophy would a "Republican Bill Clinton" be more likely to have?
Why does one negative public comment make people call for an end of a political career?
Is Nader taking Florida justified in being the sole demise of Gore?
If Clinton wins, and there is concrete evidence that the Kremlin engaged in hacking and propaganda to support Trump, what would be an appropriate response?
Will Gary Johnson hit 5%, and what are the implications if he doesn't?
Live Thread: Second Presidential Debate
Why do some people do that thing where they never mention their opponent's name?
Could Paul Ryan lose his seat?
What map is the best case scenerio for each candidate?
Why does the Senate seem more likely to have independents?
Could there be Tactical Voting in the United States, specifically Utah.
How will the US Elections affect the Iranian Presidential Election in 2017?
How would the George W. Bush presidency be rated if the Great Recession hadn't happened?
The Clinton campaign is shifting money and resources away from the presidential campaign to House and Senate races. Is this a risky strategy? What effect will it have?
What should the consequences of the recent Donna Brazile allegations be?
There is a major divide in the Republican Party on whether or not to support Trump. Regardless of who wins, how likely is a permanent split in GOP?
Third Party Candidates: Who are they taking votes from?
Wikileaks just released a April 2015 document of DNC staffers discussing strategies to destabilize the Republican field - such as secretly assisting "Pied Piper" extremist candidates during the primaries. To what extent may this tactic have been used during the current election?
Should we bring back pork barrel spending? And is that feasible politically?
Would Marco Rubio have beaten Clinton?
As the Republican Party schism unfolds, what do you think of the possibility that well see GOP members of Congress switch parties?
How would the supreme court function if some aspect of the 2016 presidential election are disputed as in Bush v. Gore?
Could the rise of Trump be a reaction to Rural Decay?
What advantages would a President Hillary Clinton gain if the Senate turns majority Democratic?
Who will get the most write-in votes this election?
Why do people freak out about the national debt?
Other than president what else will the U.S. be voting on in this election?
In the debate, Hillary said that she believes police should use force only when necessary. How could she implement it and how effective would it be at saving lives?
How should Hillary respond to questions about Bill Clinton's affairs?
If mandatory voting was instituted in the US for presidential elections is there any evidence that it would substantially benefit one party?
How would Mike Pence have fared against Hillary Clinton in a hypothetical general election match-up?
Why do the Democrats have a presence in every state while the Republicans don't
In light of Trump's leaked audio recording: Is it even possible now that the GOP will get rid of Trump and make Pence the standard-bearer, or are they stuck with him to election day? Would ousting him this late improve their chances?
[Debate Megathread
Will Mitt Romney run again? How would he do?
A new study finds apathy, not third parties, responsible for Clinton's "millennial problem". What can the campaign do to ensure turnout?
Theresa May has attacked the influence of the Libertarian Right and has moved the Tories to the left economically and to the right socially. Is this the model centre-right parties in the West should follow?
Was Trump under represented in primary polling? If so does that apply to the general election?
If elected, could Trump feasibly get Roe v. Wade overturned during his term(s)?
Tim Kaine delivered a speech entirely in Spanish in Miami this weekend. How is the speech (and Kaine in general) playing among Latino and Spanish-speaking voters?
Does Evan McMullin have a future in politics?
What are some of the major policies and moments in President George W. Bush's legacy?
Would a Trump victory constitute a political realignment?
How different would the 2004 election gone had Howard Dean won the Democratic nomination?
How would an attempt at redistricting the House logistically occur after the election?
Command and control solutions vs market solutions: which do you prefer and how do you align politically
I've heard people call Jill Stein "crazy" and portray her as a fringe candidate. Is this simply an image problem, or is she really on the political fringe?
Worst Presidential Candidates in history
Hillary Clinton is reportedly eyeing Joe Biden to be Secretary of State in her administration. What do you think the odds of this happening are, and is Biden a good pick?
Why do candidates always talk about "manufacturing" and "factory" jobs? Seems like a very esoteric career choice
Why didn't the #nevertrump movement embrace Gary Johnson?
What are the political differences between Millenials and Generation Z?
Would it be legal for a sitting US Secretary of State to be on a presidential ticket?
How Different Would the USA be, if Presidents Could Server More than Two Terms?
How does Kentucky, a heavily red state, elect only two republican governors over the past 44 years?
Should Trump lose, could/would he run again in 2020?
What is it about Alaska that makes it a possible swing state this year when it wasn't a swing state in recent presidential elections?
In this election season, have you been touched by a campaign? Did it impact your vote?
If elected, would Clinton be able to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court, considering the Senate's reluctance to nominate a replacement?
Body autonomy and constitutional rights
[Debate Megathread
Is there any chance that Donald Trump will call on his supporters to boycott the general election in an attempt to delegitimize it?
Is Gary Johnson helping or hurting the pro marijuana movement?
Would third parties(Libertarian, Green, Constitution, Socialist, etc.) be more viable if they started at the local and state level?
What should be the progressive agenda if the Democrats manage to take all 3 chambers?
Has Any Presidential Candidate Ever "Lost" All 3 Debates and Still Won The Presidency?
If Trump were to win and the House of Representatives retained a Republican majority, what would the president/congress relationship look like?
Is there a future for Evan McMullin in the Republican party?
What would happen if Social Security were to go insolvent?
Would there be any discernible advantage to having one of the presidential debates be a 'doubles' debate, i.e. both candidates argue against one another along with their VP picks? Which party might benefit the most depending whether it's 2016, 2012, 2008, etc.?
How will third-party candidates fair in the general election given the events of the last few weeks?
If you had to reinvent the Republican platform so that it would have broader appeal while not completely sacrificing conservative principles, what would it look like? How would you pitch it to existing Republicans constituencies who may be wary of change?
In your opinion what should the next administration's jobs/stimulus program look like?
The Democratic Party is making early arrangements on the redistricting front. Will these efforts be gainful and what tactics should they employee to see the most success?
Has Trump fundamentally changed any of the "unwritten rules of politics"? Or was he just an anomaly and things will go back to normal in 2020?
Wikileaks has released a list of possible VP nominees Hillary Clinton was considering before picking Tim Kaine. How many people on this list were serious contenders? Are any better choices than Senator Kaine?
Would America benefit from longer terms for the House of Representatives?
Should Mike Pence consider abandoning Trump?
What is Evan Mcmullin's political future?
What happened between 1996 and now that made MO, AR, TN, KY, WV, go from BLUE to being about as hard Red as it gets?
So what do you see Bill Clinton's role in the White House with a Hilary Clinton victory?
What are the potential implications for Hurricane Matthew on the presidential election?
The Obama Administration announced that healthcare premiums will be increasing by 25% on average next year. Moreover, consumers will have fewer provider choices than before as insurers continue to back out. Where do we go from here and what implications will this have on midterm and 2020 races?
Is the vitriol and hate of the 'other side' the new normal?
Can you think of anything Trump can do/say that would get his base to not vote for him?
What Will Be the Next Amendment to the United States Constitution?
VP Debate Thread
As far as presidential politics go, what states are changing color (going from red to purple, blue to purple, blue to red, etc)
If the Clinton ticket wins, whom do you think Virginia Governor McAullife will replace Sen. Kaine with?
Theoretically, what would happen if a 3rd party (i.e. Libertarian or Green) focused 100% of its efforts/resources in just one state? What impact would that have on party power and name recognition?
Are there any close House races to watch? Are there any seats that could potentially flip parties?
But why isn't representation in most State Legislatures set up comparably to representation in Congress?
Will conservative voters giving up on Trump shift their support to 3rd Party Johnson?
Why are political opinions so volatile?
Was the middle class just an anomaly of the 20th century, and, barring some sort of intervention, are we now simply retracting back to a society of upper and lower classes?
Is Clinton really as hawkish as portrayed, particularly over Syria?
How does a Senator like Mitch McConnell from a relatively small state like Kentucky rise to the very powerful position of Senate majority leader?
How will the allegations that Assange is actively trying to influence the US election affect US-Ecuadorian relations?
How does Ted Cruz spend the next four years under a Trump presidency? Under a Clinton one?
How fair game is a candidate's personal life?
What is the future for UKIP in light of Diane James' recent resignation?
How did Ralph Nader win such a high percentage of the vote in 2000?
Will Donald Trump attempt a hostile takeover of the Republican Party?
A recently released poll in Utah shows Trump, Clinton, and write-in Evan McMullin in a statistical tie. What effects would there be if Utah ended up going blue, or even 3rd-party?
Should the Republican party change their presidential primary rules for 2020?
With the RNC abandoning Trump, is the House now in play?
Will Rogers wrote: "This country has gotten where it is in spite of politics, not by the aid of it. That we have carried as much political bunk as we have and still survived shows we are a super nation." Does (hyper)partisanship have any value, or is it purely an obstacle to progress?
How involved would Tim Kaine or Mike Pence be as VP?
Do you think the youth vote will change much by 2020?
To what extent is your voting behavior informed by self interest?
Australia and Belgium have some of the highest voter turnouts in the world. What part does compulsory voting play in creating a politically engaged electorate?
Were the Voting Rights Act and the Civil Rights Act responsible for the Democratic Party only winning one presidential election through six election cycles (1968-1988)?
How would politics be different if electoral votes were apportioned by county, rather than by state?
Are we on the doorstep of a cold war with Russia?
If Hillary wins the election, do you believe there is going to be a controversy over the legitimacy of her 'mandate'?
If the Citizen's United decision were overturned, should documentaries like Netflix's "13th" be allowed to be shown close to the election?
Do you think a southern Democrat could win their home state in this political environment?
Governor Paul LePage: "we need a Donald Trump to show some authoritarian power in our country and bring back the rule of law". Will calls for authoritarianism become more pronounced in the future? How will this effect presidential campaigns (and politics in general) going forward?
Why do you think the Palestine-Israel conflict hasn't been addressed at all in the general election?
What will be the implications of the Pirate Party forming a coalition government if they are successful in today's Icelandic parliamentary election?
Do you think its a good idea for US states to have bicemral legislatures?
Can the Republican party become more attractive to minorities without adopting any "progressive" policies?
Former Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling has declared that he has made up his mind and will be running against Elizabeth Warren for her senate seat in 2018. What are his chances and would the Massachusetts GOP welcome a Schilling run?
Will early voting change how the campaigning game is played? Could we end up in a situation where the victor is "known" before election day?
What will happen to the Republican Party if Trump earns more Electoral Votes than Romney did, which looks likely? Will they take it as a sign that a Trump party is more viable than a Moderate Romney party?
Who has more "closet voters"?
How much is the election over issues and policy versus a power struggle between groups/demographics?
Regardless of the current rhetoric would you name one positive thing that you respect in the candidates you are not voting for?
Is it legal for a campaign to call and say you requested an absentee ballot and have to turn it in but haven't requested one?
What would SC with 8 members be like in long term?
A Trumpian Party Split?
Do any of the recent "Podesta leaks" contain anything truly damning?
A new poll has McMullin (I) in a statistical tie with Trump and Clinton in Utah. If he were to win the state, would his impact be felt longer-term than the other third-party candidates?
How will the GOP change its stance on Russia, if at all, in the next few years?
How has this election been compared to your expectations?
In the debate on Sunday, Hillary Clinton said she would "arm Kurdish forces".What would arming Syrian Kurdish forces change in the Syrian conflict?
The reigning king of Thailand has died. What implications does this hold for Thailand's domestic affairs?
After Romney lost in 2012 the GOP did an autopsy of the election and determined they needed to attract more women, minority and LGBT voters. If Trump loses, what will be the post-mortem after the election?
What are the chances that the National Popular Vote Interstate Compact takes effect by the 2020 election? What would be the impacts if it did?
At what level of public life/public service is privacy not a right?
Some GOP members are willing to block any SCOTUS nominee from Clinton if she's elected. What are the repercussions for possibly maintaining vacancies for another 4+ years?
Will this election help define which states belong in the "Red Wall" category?
Bernie Sanders has been pushing the idea that he will be the Chairman of the Senate Budget Committee if the Senate flips to the Dems. What powers would he inherit and would this give more likelihood to the implementation of some of his campaign goals?
Are you aware of anyone who ever changed their vote based on the Vice Presidential Debate?
Evan McMullin and his advisors are planning to start a new center-right party after the election. Is that viable?
If the Dems do capture the House, and with it likely the Senate as well, what would be the repercussions for both parties?
If the Dems do capture both chambers of Congress, what legislation would likely get passed between 2017 and the midterms?
How will Donald Trump's news campaign against the Republican establishment affect his standing with more moderate voters?
What is most likely to happen with the Supreme Court vacancy if the Democrats take the presidency and senate?
British PM Theresa May seems to indicate the country will go with "Hard Brexit". What are the implications ?
President Obama has announced that he will be giving 150 Down-Ballot endorsements before the general election. How will this affect ongoing congressional races?
If Rick Perry successfully primaries Ted Cruz in 2018, what would the implications be for the GOP, and what would the future hold for Perry and Cruz?
Are there any differences between the Communist Party of Tajikistan and the People's Democratic Party of Tajikistan?
There are two independent candidates in the senate who caucus with the Democrats. If the senate race results in a close shave, for example 49 republicans, 49 Democrats, and 2 Independents, does this count as a democratic majority?
What is Democrat's Path to Winning the House?
What are the pros and cons of creating a National Holiday for national voting days?
Was 2016 Paul Ryan's best year to run for President?
If the Democrats win this White House and the House this election would it be smart for them to push for proportional representation?
Donald Trump has said he may not accept the outcome of the election. By what institutions or means could Trump contest the election? Which of these means might he choose?
Clinton elaborated on her support for a no-fly zone in Syria, where the Russian air force is currently operating. Is there possibility of armed conflict with Russia in the next few years?
So Trump released his plan for his first 100 days in office. Are these viable plans, and would these entice prospective voters?
Will Republicans who do not support Trump turn out to vote? What impact will the top of the ticket have down ballot this year?
Who would be the Speaker of the House if the Democrats were to regain control?
Would you support a constitutional amendment that allows naturalized citizens to run for president?
The USIC has officially blamed Russia for hacking US institutions to manipulate domestic politics. What will be the international fallout?
If Trump is a "proof of concept" for a particular style of politics but personally doomed to failure, who is it that can take Trumpism and win?
What would be the effects of no party winning a majority in the next Spanish Election?
Which Senate/House election are you most invested in? Who do you support in it?
After the 2016 Election, will the United States be more divided or united as a country?
In the past 100 years, which president has been the most centrist or "moderate" in your opinion? How good of a job did they do as president?
How do you think Ted Cruz, Jeb Bush, John Kasich, and Marco Rubio would have each fared against Hillary Clinton in the general election?
Apparently the new president makes 4000 political appointments when they get into office, who are all these people?
RealClearPolitics has moved Texas to "tossup" status. Does this sudden change surprise you? Is it a change specific to this election or is it now truly a swing state?
How much effect will third debate have on both sides?
What grade would you give the Democrats for how they have run the general election?
What would be the federal economic (revenue / jobs) impact of legalization of marijuana?
Why is rural Wisconsin more blue than suburban Wisconsin?
Why is West Virginia staunchly conservative while the majority of its bordering states are much more moderate/liberal?
Why Does This Latest Revelation About Trump Seem To Be Gaining Traction With Republicans In A Way None Of His Other Issues Did?
Are there any prominent people from this year's campaigns (candidates, supporters, other) that Hillary could appoint to her cabinet or elsewhere, as Obama did with Hillary in '08?
What happened in the Ohio senate race?
What kind of Republican will win the 2020 GOP nomination?
What in your opinion is necessary experience/qualifications (if any) a candidate should have in order to run for President?
With the most recent Utah polls showing a very tight race between McMullin and Trump, will McMullin pull out the victory? Why or why not?
What are the economic impacts of stringent intellectual property laws? What would be the impact of loosening them? How relevant are they to international trade - especially in the face of the rampant theft of IP by state actors?
Why did Bill Clinton undershoot his polls in 1996?
Ted Cruz recently said "There is certainly long historical precedent for a Supreme Court with fewer justices." What precedents might he be talking about?
Should Voting rights be viewed as an inalienable right, even for ex-felons and current inmates?
How can Mike Pence and Tim Kaine theoretically "win" tonight's debate for their sides?
If Clinton should win the election, what do you think should happen to Merrick Garland's supreme court nomination?
What would a 2016 "autopsy report" look like for the losing party this election?
The US has formally suspended bilateral talks with Russia about the war in Syria. How will the war develop in the coming weeks?
Why do people use the presidential polls to predict down-ticket races? Isn't it perfectly possible for people to vote for a president from one party and a senator/rep from the other (especially in this particular election)?
How many political ads are you seeing on TV? What's the ratio between Trump/Clinton?
You are going to be one of the citizens asking questions at the town hall debate tonight. What question do you ask and what response do you hope to get?
What would happen if voting machines were successfully hacked in an American election (but the government detected vote manipulation)?
Is it possible that Sen. Rob Portman's increased strength as a candidate is actually helping upticket (Donald Trump) in Ohio as opposed to the other way around?
Hillary often faces the charge that she is a "hawk." How do Hillary's foreign policy views substantially differ from the GOP's position?
[Debate Megathread
After this election what are the fates of the factions of the Republican Party
Does the Supreme Court have Constitutional ground to make a ruling on gerrymandering?
What questions from the audience could most hurt or help each candidate in the town hall debate?
Would Chief of Staffs make good presidential candidates?
If you could build your own political party, what would be the top 5-10 policy positions?
Possible future Presidential Candidates?
Why do some states elect senators from different political parties?
Investor-State Dispute Settlement (ISDS) is one of the greatest points of contention regarding the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Critics claim the mechanism favors corporate interests over national sovereignty. Is this the case? If so, how could the system be improved to be better balanced?
Is there any practical difference between a 51/49 majority in the senate, and a 50/50 + VP majority?
[Final 2016 Polling Megathread
What will happen to the GOP if Trump does not concede and/or declares the election to be a sham?
What is the most powerful position in the world right now?
What if term limits were just a limit on successive terms?
What will Hillary and Donald's biggest regrets be if they lose?
What does Ecuador gain politically by giving asylum to Assange?
In light of this week's leaked Trump recordings, what is next for Ted Cruz? Will he recant his last-minute endorsement or not?
What powers does the president have that few people know about?
How will the email hacks change future campaigns in terms of how campaign staff communicate?
We hear warning about complacency a lot in Presidential Elections but is there any evidence of bandwagoning?
How would a Clinton/Obama 2008/2012 ticket have fared?
Why is Alaska becoming more competitive in presidential elections?
Does Donald Trumps shift from current US foreign policy on Serbia have geopolitical repercussions?
What explains the urban/rural divide among voters in this election and past ones?
What does a win scenario in Syria look like for the US? What are the paths to get there?
What is the most brutal negative political ad that you've ever seen? What in your opinion makes a negative ad effective?
If Republicans hold on to a slim House majority, how does Paul Ryan avoid the same 'motion to vacate the chair' threat that ousted Boehner?
If the Supreme Court becomes solidly liberal under President Clinton, what are the biggest "landmark decisions" it will make in the next 8 years?
Obama advocates for a curating function to combat misinformation. How might that work?
According to Nate Silver, in 2012 male voters preferred Romney while female voters preferred Obama, and in 2016 men prefer Trump while women prefer Clinton. Is such a gender split a new phenomenon, and what are the implications when the genders disagree on the direction for the country?
No Fly Zone in Syria and it's potential impact
Will the regulation of gene editing debate be as contentious as the abortion debate?
What is it about Iowa that makes it a swing state?
Would/could a non-partisan House speaker work in the US as it does in Westminster parliamentary systems?
Obama's Final 100 Days
What would be the most interesting debate you could have - who would it be between and what would be the format?
A majority of GOP voters want the party to stick by Trump; what does this mean, and does this mean the most recent tapes didn't have that much of an effect?
Twelve states are holding gubernatorial elections this year. Which ones should be the most interesting to watch?
[Polling Megathread
Have any of the three Presidential (and one Vice Presidential) debates changed your vote? Has a debate ever changed your vote in the past?
What would happen if the Senate refused to seat any of Clinton's nominees for the Supreme Court?
What is one senate race where you actually think the opposing party's candidate is a better choice?
Why did Gore run with Lieberman as VP candidate?
If the Republicans only hold on to the house by less than 10 seats, will Ryan be strong enough to keep the speakership?
What is the most important thing to consider, for you, when selecting a candidate?
A growing number of elected Republican officials have withdrawn endorsement of Trump. Do Trump's remaining supporters view them as too liberal, unreasonable, or unfaithful?
Is there any empirical evidence suggesting that "complacency" has an effect on election results?
Why was Michael Steele replaced as RNC Chair after the GOP's massive electoral successes in 2010?
The effect of recent leaks and FOIA requests on political and government communications?
Which politicians were most successful after a failed Presidential campaign?
Who do you think would've been a great president had they not lost the election?
How will Chris Wallace do as a debate moderator this Wednesday?
[Debate pre-game
With the relative success of Donald Trump's campaign to go from someone nobody took seriously to a Presdential candidate, do you think we will see an increase of "viral campaigning" in the future?
Are there any historical examples (at any state or national level) of the impact of one candidate having a robust ground/GOTV campaign, and the other candidate not?
Why did the Democratic Party stop spending money to defeat Marco Rubio's senate campaign?
Duterte has announced a "separation" of the Philippines from the United States and is beginning trade deal negotiations with China. What are the implications of this?
VP Debate Post Thread
How will the new FLSA law --requiring lower-paid employees to be paid hourly instead of salaried -- impact employees?
What will be the Republican demographic/ideological coalition post 2016?
What impact will leaked/hacked emails, texts, phone calls, conversations, etc... have in future US elections?
In retrospect do you think the Arab Spring was a success or failure?
Colombians vote against FARC Peace Deal
Regarding the potential for Trump supporters to "punish" the GOP by refusing to vote downballot, how organized are they really to execute such a move?
If you were the Libertarian Party, what would you have done differently this election to be more competitive?
What happened between 1988 and 1992 that turned California from a Republican-leaning swing state to solid Democrat territory?
Former senators Russ Feingold (D-WI) and Evan Bayh (D-IN) have been out of the senate since 2011 but are making runs this year. If Feingold, Bayh, or both are elected, would they have leadership positions in the senate like tenured members or would they be relegated to first term status?
What happened in October/November of the 1980 election that turned a small lead for Carter in the polls into a landslide loss?
How does campaign finance/advertising reform work outside the US, in the age of the internet?
How serious is the scandal surrounding South Korean President Park geun-hye?
What are some notable political ads from this cycle that don't pertain to the presidential race?
If all states took the Medicaid expansion how would that change Obamacare Today?
[Polling Megathread
Which Senators or Congressmen are likely to lose their seat on Nov 8, and who is likely to replace them? What effect will this have?
What are the pros and cons of imposing term limits for Congress?
In a recent interview, Singapore's Prime Minsister lays out the foreign policy issues associated with not passing TPP. Is this something that should have been discussed more in terms of obtaining support for it, or communicated better to the public? Or would it not matter?
What state and local ballot measures should the rest of the country pay attention to?
What will Biden do after being VP?
Is the lack of a shared political reality a new thing, and can we overcome it?
What are some of the most unexpected procedural oddities in political history?
Where would candidates campaign if we eliminated the electoral college?
What one change would have saved or significantly helped a losing Presidential campaign?
Hypothetical question: What if a third party put one of the major-party nominees at the top of their own ticket, but with a different VP?
Freedom Caucus members of the House GOP have hinted at ousting Paul Ryan as Speaker in 2017. What are the odds of this actually happening and what would the ramifications be of a Freedom Caucus Speaker in a likely Clinton presidency?
How can the American election system be changed for the better?
Will McCain's comments on opposing Clinton's SC nominees, and subsequent backing off those comments, force the GOP to allow a vote on a Clinton nominee in the first weeks or months of a Clinton presidency?
What Surprised You the Most this Election Cycle?
[Polling Megathread
This election, Maine is voting on an initiative that would allow voters to rank their choices of candidates. Would there be any wider reaching impact if this passes?
The topics for the third and final presidential debate have been announced. Are these topics appropriate for the final debate and how do you feel they will be answered by the candidates?
What are the criteria for a news organization to "call" a state on election night?
Why did the Reform Party die off?
After 2016, is it likely we could see a return of the Blue Dog Democrat?
[Polling Megathread
Does the appearance of a lopsided race benefit either candidate?
Why and how has the TPP been in the US legislative system for so long? How will it's passage/rejection intersect with the Presidential election?
Why did Russia revert from PR to 50/50 mixed SMD and PR in the 2016 election?
What is the worst mid term/congressional election either party has ever experienced?
Once ISIS is driven out of Mosul, who will fill the vacuum?
#MakeDonaldDrumpfAgain
People are going around saying they're "HUGE" Donald Trump supporters yet can't even name 3 of his songs smh
Trump recorded saying "You can grab them by the pussy, you can do anything you want when you're a star" in 2005 hot mic
Trump campaign updates logo after latest revelation
Yall are done you know that right?
To the people here from /r/AskReddit: It's /r/The_Donald, not /r/TheDonald.
Video: Trump Cucks out of debate with Bernine
Nothing to See Here! (From /r/news)
I made a campaign poster for you guys.
20,000 uptrumps and this becomes a Donald Duck themed subreddit
Guys?
You went to the wrong subreddit - You meant to go here (link inside)
Shut up with your whining, this is what happens when you bring hate to people.
Grab them by the pussy, Trump says. You can do anything.
Donald Trump is a whiny little bitch.
"The accusations of plagiarism are hurtful, both to me and my daughters, Sasha and Malia" - Melania Trump
Donald Trump Makes History With Zero Major Newspaper Endorsements
Make America grab again
Quick question
Trump can "do anything" to women. An example for us all!
GOP: Grabbing Occasional Pussy
This subreddit's design is about as shitty as your candidate
This sub is about 1000x better with Make America Drumpf Again installed
Trump is a womanizing, retarded faggot who needs to die along with all the subs and mods of this sub
UNSUBSCRIBE FROM /R/NEWS, CENSORSHIP SHOULD NOT BE EMBRACED
I slaved for hours to create this new logo for our nominee.
SUPPORT TRUMP
Presidential Nominee Quote
Hillary Seizures during 9/11 memorial
'Not a puppet, not a puppet, you're the puppet!" Trump embarrasses himself by acting like an uncreative schoolboy at final debate, walks off stage with head hung in shame
Hail Trump and his final solutions.
Posting only so I will be banned from /r/offmychest
#MakeGrabbingPussyGreatAgain
Can you convince me to vote for Donald without mentioning Hillary?
RNC in a nutshell
This Donald just swoops in and literally takes married women against their will in the same manner as r/thedonald accuses immigrants for.
Last bastion of 'free speech'
What should we all do if/when Trump loses? Join the Klan? Any other ideas for like-minded organizations we could join to keep the Trump White Power Revolution alive? Thanks for your help, friends!
Fascism
What do you guys think of my new visual novel?
From Dusk Till Don
Watch "Between Two Ferns With Zach Galifianakis: Hillary Clinton" on YouTube
Dear America,
ISIS withdraws Donald Trump endorsement after seeing Trump sex tape: "We can no longer in good conscience endorse this depraved man."
Soviet Russia knows how to party
Open Your Eyes: A Letter to the Blind
SACRIFICE
Hillary plagiarized her reaction! (x-post from r/funny)
Tweeting like a champ
Masturbation. Up vote this to make this the top result of masturbation on Google.
Embarrassing Trump Audio Exposes Him as Totally Clueless
Hey guys, Donald Trump is just great!
Game over, Trump-heads!
WikiLeaks CONFIRMS Hillary Sold Weapons to ISIS - AMERICAN FANS enjoy while visiting us
Why is Trump lying about meeting Putin?
This is why Donny sill save us
My favorite Trump joke that increasingly become more relevant.
Wearing a hijab is a personal choice and can reflect ones personal devotion to Allah
Winter is TRUMPING
Bill Cosby: "Donald Trump taught me everything I know about rape."
Bad Hombres
When youre a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. Grab them by the pussy. You can do anything.
"You can grab them by the pussy, you can do anything "
Debate drinking game--if you pas out before Hillary, you lose!
Donald Trump either lied under oath or during a debate  /r/politics
Fuck you, Google
This is perfect for this sub.
If your country's #1 enemy is supporting your Presidential candidate you are screwed!
Trump is financed by Putin's Russia
MASSIVE Trump rally footage released!
Hey I though you guys might like this
The best words.
They Only Hear What They Want To Hear
You are looking for this subreddit.
Trump Complains Entire Personality Rigged Against Him
4 minutes in ; OMGOMGOMG Trump is already flustered and doing incredible evasion. Laughable.
Monica Lewinsky is voting for Trump
Canadian University Student Removed From Class For Speaking Up About Anti-Trump Lecture
Paul Combetta used Reddit to try to figure out how to alter emails. (Xpost from r/Libertarian)
71% of doctors think that Hilary's Health is a serious issue
Trump. Photo by Soraya Doolbaz [NSFW
A Sanders supporter with a question
Carnival in Germany [xpost r/funny
Trump halts big-money fundraising, cutting off cash to the party
Bill Clinton recieves 1 million USD from Qatar as a Birthday present. MEDIA IS SILENT.
Grab em by the P*ssy - New Campaign Song
Shit Trump Supporters Say...
Hillary Emailgate: How One Twitter User Proved The "Intent" That The FBI Missed After Months "Investigating"
Just noticed I got banned from r/offmychest
Black Trump Supporter Smacks Down CNN Reporter for Race Baiting
Do birds plan their next move or do they just do stuff? Like do they think "Okay I'm gonna fly to ledge"? I ask because they way they move seems so random.
Even though I am programmed for Hillary, I am siding with Donald in this presidential election!
I was banned from /r/the_donald so this low energy sub is my new home I guess.
NSFW Why isn't this fucking posted everywhere? Donald trump lied about his dick size it would seem.
[Stefan Molyneux
Trump!!!
Are you doing your part to Grab America By The Pussy?
Revised Trump campaign announcement
In response to the Hillary Mosaic, here is one of Trump
roasted himself
Good Hair Day
You're both fired...
Is this the first time a serious political candidate said this?
That's one scary costume
Fbi finds 15,000 more emails from Crooked Hillary's private server.
Donald Trump is good
Apparently my "friends" think I'm horrible for wanting to vote for Trump
Woman Who Painted Naked Trump Beaten By His Goons
Honest question: Trump called in to question Obama's birthplace, why are you all against him being misrepresented?
Found on Bill Clinton's Pornmaster5000
Trump odds fall below 10 percent, sorry guys!
Trump concedes Election: "Go home, folks. It's over. We lost."
Got em! - Stonetear equals Paul Combetta via Etsy
We will finish this campaign at all costs
Moderator Removed From Popular Subreddit For Being A Trump Supporter
Moody's: Where Trump's Economic Policies Might Spark Recession, Clinton's Could Boost GDP And Lower Unemployment
I hate this motherfucker right here.
Donald Trump confirmed for the new Pokmon series!
Donald Trump
Sam Harris on Donald Trump
Your boy is a brokedick.
Trump's broke and stealing his own money. What a loser.
Donald Trump raps Mac Miller's "Donald Trump"
The Don endorsed by N.Korea
Congrats r/theDonald from r/sandersforpresident on your yuuuge win tonight and becoming the presumptive nominee.
I don't like the name 'Shillery'
Richard Branson Meeting Donald Trump
Anon climbs Temple Mount in a Trump t-shirt and MAGA cap
858 immigrants are accidentally given American citizenship
SJW Attacking Student for Wearing "unsafe" 'Make America Great Again' Hat [Calgary, Canada
How is deporting well over 10,000 illegal immigrants and blocking muslims entry to the us possible?
IT IS TIME FOR CHANGE
[NSFW
HILLARY CLINTON ATE MY CHILDREN
Trump and Pence Logo *Funny*
Bernie Sanders: Democrats Need to Wake Up - NYTimes.com
I'm a Bernie Sanders Supporter, but guess what?
jerk off to our lord and savior donald trump
If Hilary Clinton was a cartoon...
Clinton's slaughter of the overfed pig Donald Trump in first debate compared to Roosevelt's historic 1932 debate massacre against Adolf Hitler, Lincoln's piece-piece destruction of Jefferson Davis in 1864.
Major Trump announcement: "I am dying and have entered irreversible cognitive decline. Please fulfill the last wish of this dying old man and make me president. I am begging you."
Somebody is translating His tweets into Latin
MAGA
Things I Trust More Than Hillary Clinton
10 ft Trump
The "Oh Shit" Moment: Hillary Wiped Her Server With BleachBit Despite Subpoena
As an ex-Bernie voter I've been wanting to ask this for a while now. What's can the Trump do for us, and how can we stop Hillary?
16-Year-Old Black Trump Supporter Schools Black Lives Matter Moron in Epic Debate
I would consider it an honor to be banned from this subreddit dedicated to this buffoon.
The Donald did 7/11
Google doc with 27 pages of videos of Hillary Clinton lying. Enjoy.
A bit outdated, but I want to say I'd totally do America
Regardless who you're voting for this video is disturbing and shows fraud
Sad angry white people
OT: Why can't Donny Trump afford suits that fit him? Trump at the suit store: "Give me the biggest suit you have!"
P*ssy again.
Trump account in Russian Alfa Bank.
What's up you fucking retards?
Let us pause for a minute to recognizes the great sacrifices this man has made for our great nation.
Donald Trump's Most Idiotic Moments
Trump Exposes His Own Lies! On Iraq, Libya, Hillary, Immigration, Abortion, Health Care, Nukes, Etc. - All In His Own Words
[({Meta})
The irony is that The_Donald bans any dissenting opinions.
My dad sent me this.
Guess who else is Indian
Amazing Quote
Trump supports gays and people who want to marry their own daughters
You went to the wrong subreddit - You meant to go here (link inside)
Obamacare plan 2017 - $1800/month BCBS. ! Vote !!!!!
Watch "Rigging the Election - Video II: Mass Voter Fraud" on YouTube
Breaking: Trump has rabies
Saw this driving through Virginia. Thought you guys would enjoy.
You guys gotta read how those losers at The_Donald defend this POS. They are ignorant, deluded and outright pathetic. The lowest of the low.
FBI says it has posted additional Hillary Clinton documents. Email out at 5:36 pm. It's Friday
Haitians fleeing from Clinton-owned haiti looking for refuge in US from Mexico
Arnold supports building The Wall
This guy doing his part to MAGA. (He's getting so many honks) Southampton NY
He's always there for me
Welcome to the Oligarchy and you're all loyal schills
I'm glad we can finally be honest about this sort of thing ;)
How Dare this disloyal man and some washed up magazine put down the Trump! Trump's co-author lies about Trump!
In bashing Donald Trump, some say Ruth Bader Ginsburg just crossed a very important line - The Washington Post
I'm now a trumpeter
TIL that Tommy Chong named something special after Donald Trump
Fuck Isis
The Orlando shooters father once hosted an Anti-American television show.
Judge Presiding Over Trump University Case Is Member Of La Raza Lawyers Group Read more: http://dailycaller.com/2016/06/01/judge-presiding-over-trump-university-case-is-member-of-la-raza-lawyers-group/#ixzz4AfeH1Lr9
I guess Rock on the Range was in New Mexico this year with Bernie as a headliner.
Projection: Trump wins Indiana GOP primary
As an ex-conservative who has moved to the left slowly overtime...
This has been fun, under each pro Hillary post I have been posting "this post has been paid for by Hillary's super PAC' and have been down boated in seconds.
My favorite type of trump supporters are the black ones, its like finding bill's cock inside hillary during the 90's
Why do you love Donald? And do you have good examples of the media's bias against him?
My Facebook feed this morning
Very high energy right now that I found this sub. I'm fairly certain you've seen this magnificent artistry
Why does Donald constantly accuse Hillary of things Bill did while in office? Did she really have that much to do with his decisions?
The Donald Trump In These Allegations Is Not The Complete Monster I Married
Trump and Hillary had the time of their lives
Wow, I LOVED seeing Donny Boy channeling his inner Kim Jong-Un at the debate by threatening political imprisonment of his opponent! Stalin would be proud!
The problem with the "Bill did it too" argument
Damning Video Surfaces Of Trump Accepting GOP Nomination For President
Scott Adams' Blog - The Week I Became a Target
'We will NEVER accept EU migrants quota' Hungary to vote NO in next week's referendum
How can I reconcile my love for the 2nd amendment and Donald Trump wanting to use Stop and Frisk in cities that outlaw guns?
Correct the Record hit on trump. Have set up a site to collect dirt. Let's flood it...password is putintrump
YOU CANNOT STOP THIS
Ford shifting all U.S. small-car production to Mexico (this has gotta be a big boost in the Upper Midwest for Trump).
So this happened.
Donald lied about helping small businesses after 9/11
"They won't call them terrorists when they're white!" Oh yes we will!
LEADERSHIP: Do we need a leader who specializes in deleting national security by BleachBit/Towel Wiping? And, she shows it off to awe-inspired mind numbed robots?
Donald Trump will make anime great again!
Trump's views on Nuclear weapons
Trump gave at least $100K to Clinton Foundation
Portrait of the Donald created using only fish.
Trying to get banned from r/offmychest
Trump Just Cut Hillarys Cash Advantage In Half.
The Rise and Fall of the Republican Party

Donald for potus 2k16
Commie-Anarchists call for using "logical" violence against Trump supporters
I fixed DePaul's wiki. The left out a school color.
Robert Kagan: This is how fascism comes to America
ELI5: I don't understand this picture. Why is it green? 1456319488666.jpg (20001333)
There's a reason some Democrats are switching to the Donald Party
You guys support Trump because he's a businessman, but Hillary Clinton is the worlds greatest cattle futures investor
Why aren't you guys helping out Sanders more?
Judge Hits Trump for $500M Sanction for Frivolous Defamation Claim
Trump rescinds pledge to back Republican nominee
EVERYONE HERE!!!!! YOU ARE LOOKING FOR /r/THE_DONALD
Drink It Up!
Question: Is 'Making America Great Again' actually that great?
Congratulations on NH
Fraud and The Election
'wah wah wah I cant lose' -the dump
Trump fails to understand cameras can see him
#DicksOutForDonald https://www.facebook.com/ybhsociety/
The Trumpty Dance
De Niro makes good on his promise.
Trump Urges Terminally Ill People To "Hang On" To Vote For Him
I have got to get me some of these.
Donald Trump: 'I hope' Trump Foundation hasn't broken any laws
Trump And Putin Smoking Marijuana Not Kissing Anymore
Hail the Trump Overlord
The Milk Crate
Crooked Hillary showing off her dance moves
US Presidential Candidates Discuss their Policies Towards Al Qaeda and the Islamic State
Donald Trump's Attorney General will be this guy. And he humiliated Hillary Clinton.
25 Logical Reasons to Vote for Donald Trump
GOOGLE Search Trends Indicate Trump Landslide Victory
Was curious what trumpsucks.com would bring up. Got redirected to hillaryclinton.com.
Fox news just mentioned that non trump supports are called cucks.
Donald Trump Killed Jean-Benet Ramsey
Is Donald Trump Secretly Hoping to Lose His Bid for the White House?
I think Trump's hair is silly.
Is Donald Trump OK? Erratic behaviour raises mental health questions
Shit The_Donald says
MUST SEE!!! SHOCK VIDEO : Ex-Bernie Supporters Say They'll Vote for Trump NOT Hillary
This is America, and so can you!
Not even from US, testing the ban thing
Can I get banned from r/offmychest
"I wish you good fortune in the wars to come..."
What did the sign that was shown by a protestor say?
Makes sense to me...
POKEMON:TRUMP LEAGUE
Looks like the name is sticking.
Does Trump have an evacuation plan if Hillary's ass gets any bigger?
lol wanna hear a joke
Trump supporters being conned
the trumpinator
Teach our children about our glorious leader the right way!
Plea from a Sanders supporter: CA your GOP primary is a done deal. Register Democrat by May 23 and vote against Hillary Clinton
North America at night after November
Where can I buy a MAGA cap and ship it outside USA?
Former Indiana University bball coach Bob Knight to join Trump on the campaign trail in Indiana
Does anybody know where I can get this shirt?
Trumps Junk
Clever Trump T-Shirt!
Arm the Mexican rapists?
I wonder where everyone is at?
Watch Donald read the future
Homeless woman guards Trumps Walk of Fame star
New poll shows Trump polling at 100 percent of local Klan chapters nationwide!
I voted
10th woman steps forward to say "I was raped by Donald Trump"; Trump now on pace to pass Bill Cosby's mark by end of 2017
Trump DESTROYED in final presidential debate; leaves debate stage humiliated, weeping. Will Donald survive until Election Day? Stay tuned.
Trump scores MAJOR endorsement of the American Nazi Party!!! Real opportunity for Donald Trump and White Nationalists to carry out their mutual goals!
Smash hit song by phenomenal musician and Trump supporter.
Trump Sniffing for 2 Minutes
Republicans concede Presidential Election
Kenny Bone!!
So it's all gone quiet here. The calm before the storm, or the sitting in disbelief? Can he still stand?
Is this the first time a serious political candidate said this?
Post debate polls finally out today
Trump to put his signed first edition of Mein Kampf up for sale to help finance his dying campaign
I Suffer From Severe Psychological Issues And I Need The Help Of Mental Health Professionals, Says Trump In Pointed Debate Comeback
Trump on debate: I was 'holding back
Tips for Next Time
Gen Flynn Says "With Trump, we'll actually win the war on terror"
China Kill Us
Doc: Hill's chills caused by Satanic baptism in Loch Ness!
I hope after they win "trumppence" becomes a term for political outsiders who win.
Guy in my neighborhood is paranoid. He locked his sign to his tree. You can barely see it but its there.
Mr Trump
Look How Many Votes Johnson and Stein siphon away from Clinton in the 18-34 demographic
Why Wasn't Bill Clinton Called A Racist For His Immigration Policy in 1995?
BREAKING: Obama BUSTED Giving $29 Million Taxpayer Dollars To HILLARY... This Is TREASON
SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT
I found a copy of Donald Trump's secret campaign strategy. This explains a lot!
Always Choose the Johnson
At least they have these already printed from the last time she was President.
Donald trump
I require one offmychest ban within 37 seconds.
is this page ironic or something?
Trump to pick Indiana Governor Mike Pence as VP
Donald Trump is getting zero percent of the black vote in polls in Pennsylvania and Ohio
Informal poll: Who has more pubes? Trump, Hillary or Bernie?
What does "Yuge" mean in Swedish?
If this years political climate were Steven Seagal movies.
NFL Legend Hershel Walker Supports Trump  and He Says There Have Been Consequences | Video
Well that was easy...
British Liberals respond to Trump #Brixit tweet.
Free speech utilizer here
Daily Reminder: MEME MAGIC IS REAL
Man of the hour.
America is gr8
hi every1 im new
Your opinions are wrong
Woman who took selfie to counter protest anti-Islamic protest in Belgium turns out to be Anti-Semite. : news
New Muslim Boy Band hits Eurovision like a BOMB!
A match made in ?????
MFW people say there's only 5 or 6 months left of Trump memes
"They love me" - black donald trump
Hola Muchachos
Why the SJW feels good for doing what they do.
Moose Testicles! Fine! Effing. Fine.
Made from cut-up speeches & interviews: DO YOU WANT TO BUILD A WALL? (Frozen Parody)
Donald Trump gets taken down as activist hacking group Anonymous
Our Glorious Donald
Truly he is unstumpable. nsfw
Count to ten Donald
We want the Trump, Give up the Trump, We need the Trump, We gotta have the Trump
Someone Was Actually Arrested For In-Person Voter Fraud. She's A Trump Supporter.
Grab'em by; the art of Katie B Funk
I painted a Donald Trumpkin for you guys!
No one is talking about the latest wiki leaks dump on here yet?
Donald Trump dead at age 70
FUCK TRUMP
I'm still undecided on this election but I do find it funny that everyone on the left was talking about McCain's health the entire election and how he might not even live to see the inauguration. However, now once a person of the left is (possibly) Ill no one on the left wants to talk about it.
What's your response when someone says Trump is Hitler replacing Jews with Muslims?
Trainwreck
The Murdoch Murdoch gang redpills /r/TheDonald
Major announcement: Trump to put his signed first edition of Mein Kampf up for sale to help finance his dying campaign
BREAKING: DONALD TRUMP CONFIRMED GAY!!!! BTFO!!!! TENDIES!!!!! REEEEE!!!!!
Do you think Trump will commit suicide when he loses the election in a historic landslide (I'd say probably 46 states - 4, though it could be 50-0 after yesterday's performance)? I say yes. What do you think?
How many people here were supportive of Rand before they went for Trump?
Ben Carson says "I had fun on the debate stage with Trump"
Donald Trump is going to really make America again SUPER POWER
Hillary did not pass out!
Crooked Hillary's Limo
Can't we all just get along?
Whatever Works (2009) - Marietta: [Walking up to a wax figure of Donald Trump in Madame Tussauds Wax Museum
Donald Trumpet
Trump's Binders full of Women
Figured you guys might like our shirts
Who are the Cucks now?
Updated Odds: Just What The Hell Is Trump Doing? Clinton plant? Or globalist bashing great-maker?
Jewelry company publicly shames Ivanka, violates customer privacy
Diving is Huge
There's a guy climbing Trump Tower...With Suction Cups!
Spot The Difference
Trump may not be the most successful business man even in his own district!
Finally...Google admits to helping Hillary sabotage Bernie and Wikileaks catches Facebook in the act censoring for Hillary too. Here is proof they will do same to Donald...
Don't mind me, just another friend looking for a ban
Ban me also
Neighbors carved an "Easter Island Trump" head into a broken tree stump in the front yard. Other neighbors not happy about it.
i like donald trump
MEGA POLL: WHO DO YOU WANT TO SEE AS TRUMP'S VP?
Hillary Clinton Blames Whites, Cops for Deaths of Young Black Men
Donald Trump In Critical Condition After Choking on Own Bullshit - The Daily Currant
Has the donald responded to the Scotland Tweets?
Mundane Mitt Romney's Sports Authority Chain In Liquidation, Closing All Stores By August
Trump's campaign is a dumpster baby. Can't figure out how to fund-raise from trailer trash rednecks on welfare with three broken down cars in the yard who want to "Make 'Merica Grate Agin.
Milo as Minister of Propaganda
I'd like to hear r/TheDonald's thoughts on this criticism of Trump.
NJ mayor, deputy mayor break with GOP in protest of Trump
What ever happened to that Funny or Die parody of Trump?
Who does Donald respectfully disagree with?
You are an American abroad
Trumps infamous cousin shredding on acoustic for a baby bird
I can't ever tell if Bernie Sanders is giving a speech or trying to blow a hair off his nose.
Our Dorm Just Got a New Dot Matrix Printer
So, it looks like Donald got a new piece of ass...
"I believe in the fullest liberty within our own borders; and therefore I believe in efficiency in preparedness to prevent the restriction of this liberty by people outside our own borders." - Donald J Trump 2016
Wintersleep - amerika (video features the donald)
Painful
Trump Rally Orange County
To all the broke Berniebots that aren't getting their $27.86 back
:p
Tomorrow let's go for the sweep.
Anas Mitchell - Why We Build the Wall AKA The Song Sweden Forgot.
Ted Cruz does Simpsons Impressions
#FDT
Cruz predicts GOP 'bloodbath' if Trump is nominated
r/TheDonald keepin it classy using picture of dead Parisians on the floor of the Bataclan
The NY Times believes in us
Exposing Michelle Fields Using Her Own Ted Talk! A must see.
As an illegal Mexican, Donald Trump has inspired me to leave the US and apply to come here legally
The real Donald Trump
On CNN just now Trump supporter at Rally on Hilary "put her in jail!" Trump laughs and repeats it!!
Drumpf sticks by his guns and won't talk about things he doesn't know about
Paid trolls - proof from hillary memo
Wait.. this is news? I thought it was my favorite reality tv show!?
Trump: I Know That Was Pretty Bad, But Lets Just Say Youre Going To Want To Save Your Energy
Kim Jong Un is awesome
Best comeback in the history of politics
Did Billy Bush leak the "hot mic" Trump tape?
Explanation of the first Clinton-Trump debates from an economic perspective
Hillary won debate because you suck
Kardashian Might Vote For Trump
Is Hillary Clinton abusing prescription thyroid medications?
Americas Largest Police Union Endorses Donald Trump For President
Donald Trump is going to really make America again
Can we please have a true friend in Bender Bending Rodriguez a President
I become a breastfeeding channel!
Unedited Proof Hillary Faked Opening the Pickle Jar
Arnold supports building
I think ugly people are okay. Am I a communist?
LARGEST GROUP EVER! We need 10000000 members to Make America Great Again! Our FB Group https://www.facebook.com/groups/520754444797060/
The Trump you know and love.
Show this to any non supporters of Trump to shut them up.
Donald Trump, aka the easy way to lose respect for people you like
Text analysis of Trump's tweets confirms he writes only the (angrier) Android half
Election Update
Donald Trump is a big fat idiot
I want in on the action!
Wait... do you really get banned from offmychest for posting here?
Shook Donald's hand
I've never been banned before
Don't be a dick Justin! shesh
Bernie > Trump
Black Trump Supporter DESTROYS liberal triggered cuck protesters at RNC, and proves SHILLARY should be in a political prison camp with her supporters
Donald Trump Rally Violence
"Trumpkins" unite! LOL
Leonard Cohen votes for Trump
FBI Director James Comey FULL STATEMENT [OFF SCRIPT
Before you vote! Watch this video!
The Lion (Trump Edit)
Newport Beach, CA
Strange Request. Does anyone do a good impression?
Deal with it liberals. I'm too fucking nimble.
In response to the "We don't believe in Safe Spaces, but we do believe in our Territorial Sovereignty to censor here" comment from a mod
I'm a Sanders supporter. Tell me why I should vote Trump over Clinton.
Does anyone want to go halves?
I'm all for freedom of expression, but this is vandalism. Why aren't the NYPD going after these guys?
Trump showing Bernie what the wall should look like
Saw this on facebook
It just got 10 feet taller.
an American businessman, politician, television personality, author, and the presumptive nominee of the Republican Party for President of the United States in the 2016 election
Hillary visits her dad for Father's day.
MAGA
The irony is that The_Donald bans any dissenting opinions.
Will Bill Clinton suddenly reveal a serious illness in the midst of the election in order to facilitate Hillary's win? : conspiracy
[serious
Reporting in from the Eugene, OR rally. Can practically smell the art majors milling about outside. Will drop photos if shenanigans ensue.
Everyone is surprised that Trump won the primaries and he's just like:
What is Donald trumps tax plan?
I was unsubscribed from r/thedonald, after i didnt use this account for like a couple weeks. Any reason why?
r/conservative moderators banning people who post pro-Trump comments
Why Donald Trump Is A Gift To Democracy
Police for Trump!
Bernie's fuel can't melt Trump's stump.
Donald Trump POOPS on Sernie Banders
How Is Trump Anti-Establishment?
Microsoft's Bing just called the first four primaries for Donald Trump
CENTURIES AFTER I DIE ,A NEW LEADER WILL ARISE AND HE WILL MAKE AMERICAN GREAT AGAIN!!! ---ALEXANDER THE GREAT [323 BC
Is Donald Trump really an American fascist?
The Clintons Serve Big Pharma, Not You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HAIod_6-wO4
Are posts being removed?
University Title Generator is featuring Trump University!
PROOF That Trump is a Frog
Donald Trump's daughter steps forward to say "Daddy grabbed me by the pussy and sat me on his lap as we sat on a statue of 2 parrots fucking."
Clinton Campaign appears to feed NBC's Andrea Mitchell questions via cell-phone
Donna Brazile denies giving Hillary debate question in advance
Hillary Clinton devastated after "pardon me" joke by Trump at Al Smith Dinner
Live at 3pm today C-SPAN. Cybersecurity and U.S. Voting Systems. ICIT hosts a discussion with cybersecurity industry representatives on vulnerabilities in U.S. voting systems
Donald Trump - Playboy - 8 Sexy Woman Trump Has Dated
Can Politicians hack into the election computers? Yes they can. A view by Cybersecurity Expert during interview on Fox News
my son is a cyber
Tomi Lahren, the Saint
Hillary Clinton Campaign Chair (Podesta) Leaks - examined
OCTOBER SURPRISE, BITCHES!
Humbling Realtalk
Are you sick of winning yet?
Michigan student successfully changes preferred pronoun to 'His Majesty' on class roster
Trump supporter attacked and beaten
Hello Young People, It's Hillary Clinton Again
A professor of history at American University is predicting the next president of the United States Of America
Car shows are awesome
data visualization of donald trumps
It has happened!
To all BLM supporters
What will be the fate of Paul Combetta AKA stonetear?
Donald J Trump Presidential Q&A ends in Mic Cut
X-Post: A European asks for a serious insight to why you are voting for Trump and what is wrong with the Presidential narrative
My reaction when its 60 days till the election and everything is coming up Trump.
Calvin Savage - "Vote for Trump because I can't!"
TiReUMP
Evidence on Reuters bias?
CROOK MEDIA HATES TRUMP
IMporant MessAGe 2 All Meat Tubves and Meat Tubleet Rightss supporters.....
How many times has Donald raped Ivanka?
I think ugly people are okay.
I think ugly people are okay. Am I a communist?
Make America Creamy Again
Trump summed up
Reminder to be on your best behavior when rocking your MAGA gear!
Make America Great Again Music video
Social Security
Donald Trump - Build That Wall Dance Song Comedy by DJ 2 Tal
Build-A-Wall Workshop
Carlton is all of us
Opinions of Ted Bundy?
10 Things Trump Supporters Are Too Stupid To Realize
Bernie just nominated Clinton.
I'm sure you guys are too busy making memes and photoshopping pics of $hillary, but you might want to make sure the voting machines used in the general election aren't made by a company that pays large bribes to the clinton foundation.
Test post, please ignore
RNC vs. RNC: Canadian police force flooded with online comments about Donald Trump
I never knew this incredible song existed, this is Donald Trump's theme song when he's president 100%.
It does matter Hillary it matters to a lot of us
The best of Donald Trump captured in one amazing video!
seems to be the typical liberal response
Full Event: Donald Trump Holds Rally in Raleigh, NC (7-5-16)
Charge Hillary Rodham Clinton pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 641, 793, 794, 798, 952, and 1924
Hilary Clinton has interview regarding emails
Hillary's true identity is starting to come out!
The Donald at his finest
Can we make a bot that adds 10ft. to the wall whenever someone says Drumpf?
Game Lets You Perform Deliberately Bad Surgery On Donald Trump
You guys going to weigh on the Samara Weaving story?
Just a quick survey
Hey guys, I'm a Bernie supporter.
#redpillnormies
In every report I ever heard Bill was always the receiver.
Watch "Da Ali G Show - Ali G interviews Donald Trump" on YouTube
The only reason I'd vote for trump
Kid talks about Trump in his graduation speech!!! EPIC
I would just like to thank the cucks...
If Trump is allowed to sub in Ivanka for the swimsuit competition, do you think Hillary will sub in Chelsea?
NYTimes: Thomas Friedman
Regarding today's airplane disappearance in Egypt.
Just going to leave this here.
Standards are great, double standards are twice as great
Trump is love, Trump is life
Any of you guys want to have an intelligent discussion?
You guys are a bunch of fucking faggots.
Jeb Bush "Will not support Trump"
Promptly after dropping out of the race, Ted Cruz elbowed his wife in the head. #freeHeidi
Crybaby Culture: How Political Correctness is Ruining Society WE NEED THE DONALD
American in sweden with some questions about policies. I'm not condemning!
Collective Intelligence data used to predict TRUMP VP  /r/dataisbeautiful
If passed, The "Protecting Workplace Advancement and Opportunity Act" will only hurt middle-class America. This is The Grand Slam home for Trump
Sanders' campaign is alive and well!
The Wall
Holocaust Survivor Doing AMA Supports Trump
More Liberal Propoganda!
What happens when you shine a light on $Hillary?
LOUIS FARRAKHAN ENDORSES DONALD TRUMP (2016)
I made some pictures you guys might like
Watch "LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Phoenix, AZ (3-19-16)" on YouTube
Senator Armstrump
Shitlib cries out for someone to assassinate Trump on twitter and gets a little justice from /pol/
Inside The Strange World Of Donald Trump Erotica
Hands too small to shake
On the map.
If Trump becomes the president...
Any Mormons out there?
Trump: Stacked Debate Crowd Shows How Broken The System Is, "They Gave Me 20 Tickets"
This should be Trumps campaign song.
TrumPainter: I made this, what do you think?
SuperGirl is a Hillary Shill. Can't stop the Don!
How elections are stolen
An analysis of the FBI's investigation into Hillary Clinton.
October Suprise again, bitches! LOL @ your weak "e-mailgate." This is how a real October surprise is done. Watch and learn from your betters
My lesbian aunt is convinced that Hillary and Huma are lesbian lovers.
One word
October 24th declared national "Report-a-Donald Trump-Rape Day"; THOUSANDS of women expected to come forward and compete for MILLIONS in prizes. Ladies, come forward and share your own Donald Trump rape story today! The nation thanks you for your courage.
Visit live-streams.us for a live stream of the rally + live tweets + chat!
Razing Hitler's House (Trump plans "pilgrimmage" to the Fuhrer's birthplace before it is torn down)
Donald Trump Running Insecure Email Servers
#trumpforboobs
The Donald isn't the first Presidential Candidate to use 'questionable' language on the campaign trail
RICKY VAUGHN TOP 150 ELECTION INFLUENCER BANNED PERMANENTLY FROM TWITTER
Actual audio from The Donald's rally.
Donald Trump just won a debate 3 vs. 1!
Fly photo bombs Clinton during tonight's debate!
Trump's New Poster
Election 2016
Hip Hop Version - Grab-Em By the Pussy RAP
#thuglife
An Indiana parade featured a float showing Donald Trump executing Hillary Clinton
I did nothing wrong, I don't recall, Im not sure, I'll ask Reddit.
Look! I just found 2 SJW's hanging out together O.o
Share on SJW Sites, It Just Might Catch On | whatever
Hillary Clinton green screen scandal
Hillary And Her Demon Spawn Chelsea
Topple Trump! | It's The Game You'll Love To Hate
Trump and Family Values
Can we start a movement? Baskets for Hillary
BREAKING: Julian Assange Just Released Thousands Of 'Cables' PROVING Hillary Is Lying About THIS...
Donald Trumpet
The 25 questions Hillary Clinton must answer UNDER OATH on her secret server www.dailymail.co.uk
Now 30 BENGHAZI.............................
Now 30 BENGHAZI-related emails have been recovered from Hillary's server  and they weren't in the batch she turned over to the State Department
Donald Trump halves Hillary Clinton's lead
Donald Trump halves Hillary Clinton's lead: poll www.washingtontimes.com
Trump Cites Iraq Withdrawal He Passionately Supported To Say Obama Founded ISIS"
Donald Trump battles radio host Hugh Hewitt on claim that Obama is 'founder of ISIS'
My favorite poster from Mr. Trump's campaign so far
Speaking of The Donald
Redacted Tonight: Bernie Actually Won, Widespread Election Fraud in the DNC
Confiscate their coats
Why did Democrats hijack this forum?
What is it about Trump?
New National Parks
Where are we gonna get that much salt?
Sheeple
The smell of success.
I gotta say, I just got banned;)
EleGgigle ForHead?
Remember that time when Bubba
Honest American Historical Figures
X-post /r/ar15: the donald AR15 Lower
Sanders Supporters over at SFP. DELUSIONAL!
Donald Trump in 2008: Hillary Clinton would 'make a good president'
Formally recognize Black Lives Matter as a terrorist organization.
Liberals have such great and mature attitudes
Have any previous major party candidates been pro-torture?
Trump gets it right on Saddam
Trump Causing a Lump in Hillary's Throat
The Donald a stand up guy.
TIL the clintons know more people that have died of suicide, then I know people who have died of anything.
The Blacklist S04E01: Hillary Clinton
sexy trump girls DESTROYING the internet
WATCH: Where the Hell is the Orlando Jihadist's Missing Wife?
I know libs don't listen to logic but
Donald Trump announces his candidacy in Rock Band
Would one of you fine gents send me the gif with the journalist cuck an his quote next to the 7 yr old shooting an AR? Thank you kindly.
Hillary Clinton is Evil! (REMIX)
DNA tests show Ivanka's new baby has half Trump genes--one quarter from The Donald!
The Orlando Shooting in a Nutshell
U.S. officials say American Muslims do report extremist threats
Who do you think should win the 2016 presidential election?
So do y'all like or make fun of trump here ?
Request
Hello Trump Twitter!
i cant believe people actually vote for this douchebag please explain
Donald's Can't Lose Plan for the Economy
Black cop's experience at a trump rally (not op of video)
What has Trump said about student loan debt? It's one of my major concerns as a student who is about to graduate and is concerned after making a poor choice in my major.
Now that Trump is all but guaranteed the nomination...
Trump slowed down 50% --- guys guys guys. This is hilarious.
Carl the Cuck - Skrillex edition
Anti-Trump Gamers
Who's more violent?
Amanada(39) is 5 miles away. Wanna hang out?
Casey Neistat's vlog starts with an opening shot of a hilarious Trump impersonator in NYC.
Tommy Robinson on Cologne (New Years Eve Attacks)
Black off-duty cop reports why he was shocked at what he saw at a Trump rally.
How do you feel about Republican representatives trying to negate democracy?
The Mayo Clinic did a great job writing Trump's bio.
what no one talks about is our cooperation with russia?
Trump Card 2016 Trailer [2:29
Hot Tolerance - Jeb Bush is awkward af
Donald Trump and the Revolt Against the Fourth Estate
A Veteran Spy Has Given the FBI Information Alleging a Russian Operation to Cultivate Donald Trump
Anybody wanna compile a list of Hildabeast violations?
My friend carved a "trumpkin"
If She Wasn't My Daughter, A poem by Donald Trump
Found Hillary in Skyrim Special Edition today! #DrainTheSwamp
MLG Donald Trump
Cybersecurity experts discuss the security of Americas electronic voting systems by breaking down vulnerabilities at the state, local and manufacturer level
MRW a porn star claims she turned down 10k and a private jet for sex
Just leaving this here to hang out.
Peanut butter vandal mistakes gathering for Trump rally
Donald Trump vs Hillary Clinton: a sentiment analysis on Twitter mentions
vote for who you think is winning the final debate!
MASSIVE TRUMP RALLY! ALL ABOARD THE TRUMP TRAIN!
Breaking: Ronna Removes Wendy Day From MIGOP Over Refusal To Back Trump
Great Wall, by New Folder
DRUDGE MIND F
Did Donald forget to take his meds? What is the explanation for his lunatic, mouth-foaming debacle at the debate? I haven't seen a slaughter that bad since I visited a pig farm!
Democracy: A system of government in which we do not throw our political opponents in Prison, or grab female voters by the pussies. Trump aligns himself with Putin, Kim Jong-Un, vows to create new axis of evil that would make Hitler-Stalin-Mussolini-Tojo alliance "mere child's play" by comparison.
Financial shecurity?
Pence out, Pepe the white Supremacist frog in as Trump running mate; "Even the rats are fleeing this sinking ship! Escape for your lives while you still can!" explained Pence, aghast after the Trump's unhinged performance at the second presidential debate
Anybody here?
Arkancide is the unfortunate habit of potential witnesses to the Clintons' dirty dealings in Arkansas suddenly deciding to shoot themselves twice in the back of the head.
Tim Cain wants to be like Trump.
Data visualization of Donald Trump's current approval ratings using a live streaming robotic wig.
Donald Is a Great Leader. This video is its proof
The battle rages on, Trump 2016 has become a rallying cry... The Kyle Style Podcast Episode 53 In the Trenches of the Culture War
T R U M P W A V E
Rebranding Common Core
BREAKING: Top U.S. Company FIRES American Employees And Hires Illegal Aliens... BOYCOTT NOW!
Hillary Clinton On The Verge Of Death - Coughing in Cleveland
The Donald into a Box,
The Donald into a Box, shipping your way
poll: Donald Trump v Simon Cowell for President ... who wins?
Is it true trump owes China millions..my girl is having a debate with me.
American voters are incredibly stupid, biased, and blindly believe almost anything?
Kass: Trump Will Withdraw, He Doesn't Like to Lose
Twitter suspends account of Melania Trump speechwriter Meredith McIver, who probably isn't a real person
What Donald Trump's opposition to House Speaker Paul Ryan means for Republicans
Islamic State calls slain Muslim American soldier an "apostate"
How my vote will change to Trump
Pussy Riot - Putin will teach you how to love /     
Cool animated Trump speech on national security
Send a big "Thank You" note to the DNC for the 5 million votes they are gifting Donald Trump with Hillary Clinton's corruption and Wasserman's dirty tricks against Bernie Sanders!
9 minutes ago Tom Barrack: " We are at a tipping point, the world is a mess... globalism has crumbled and shattered into a thousand shards, and it needs a jeweler to put it back together... starting with the diamond of America... "
First Award Goes to:
Donald's Right Eye?
donald with the real news
Oh No It's True
DONGNALD TRUNP THROWS A PARTY
Made a little trumpilation
I played Halo5 tonight with a stranger but for someone reason I just felt like he was a good guy... Someone I could trust..... Someone with good values.... Ya know ?
Multiple Officers Shot At 'Black Lives Matter' Protest In Dallas
House Intel and Benghazi Committee Member Mike Pompeo On Hillary's Probable Perjury to the Benghazi Committee Under the False Statements Act  The Hugh Hewitt Show
Trump on terrorism, crime, and the economy
BBC Have Called it, Great Britain's left the EU
Japanese Donald Trump Commercial
Make Space Great Again
Donald tried to tell us about last week's GoT episode months in advance.
Help from a Canadian
Fox News Poll: Voters trust Trump on economy, Clinton on foreign policy, nuclear weapons
Bernie supporter wants to know where I can buy all seasons of "The Apprentice" individually
Check out /r/Trump for up-to-date news, campaign info, and discussion.
Found this game about trump, was fun
The university longboard assosciation wanted a hoodie design!...
To celebrate becoming the Republican presidential Nominee, Today Donald Trump got radical on a skateboard
El Rato u dog
This Canadian's Bacon
Hillary waves like idiot; Bill follows rubbing hands together greedily
My dad doesn't know what Reddit, Memes or Centipedes are...but that doesn't stop him from being HIGH ENERGY!
The Trump Effect
I want to see a HIGH ENERGY rally during the first two weeks of June. Where should I go?
Hadley Freeman: in Donald Trumps world, youre classy or a loser. Which is he?
Trump on climate change
What Trump policies are unique to him and are objectively 'great ideas'?
Trump Foundation admits error in donation to Florida attorney general campaign
Super peaceful muslim refugees in Sweden caught on Australias' 60 minutes throwing peace punches at production crew.
With love, from social democratic countries.
HS Newspaper editorial: "Why You Should Vote for Trump"
Focus
Look at all them millionaires..
My friends and I wrote recorded a dramatic ballad about Donald Trump and Marco Rubio.
Donald Trump supports his endorsement from the KKK but not "not" accepting the endorsement
Sex Habits Of Trump Supporters Revealed | The Daily Caller
Donald Trump Used Legally Dubious Method to Avoid Paying Taxes
Weiner's emails were planted by the Russians!...so says the libtards.
Chicago Tribune's John Kass: Democrats should ask Clinton to step aside
Radio Host DESTROYS Sexual Assault lies! We need every voter to hear this, please consider sharing #Trump2016
South Korean Shadow Cabal
VIDEO: How the Media is Deceiving You!
#TakeBackMyEarlyVote is trending on Twitter
Two words
Hackers can leverage lots of technical vulnerabilities to affect election results. But a coordinated attack would be tough, due to voting systems' fragmented nature.
Need help with school assignment related to Trump
According to Google, We're Obsessed with Donald Trump
American Patriots vs. the Globalist Neocons
Trump knows how to party
Trump sounded great on the radio in Cincinnati this morning (listen)
Null, calm your shit, you're making us look like speds again
Hopefully The Donald can put an end to this Docker madness! We can't have people from Assyria docking in our country! ISIS!
DONALD TRUMP TRIBUTE
Why doesn't Trump use some of the appalling statistics regarding incarceration rates during the Bill Clinton administration? Minorities bore the brunt of it. (See attached document)
Trump Pence 2016
Trump's Twitter debate lead was 'swelled by bots' - BBC News
So if Donald Trump wins the election, would it still have been rigged or not?
amen
This is what The Donald is going to do to Hillary in the polls
Stone cold should be the GOP nominee. It's all in the video. I want a winner. Not a "stunner"
The real Reason why Trump wants to keep out the Mexicans...
Hillary's globalism = The trickle-down version of Trump's America First plan
[NSFW
Exciting post-debate Electoral College map released!
Deplorables Against Trump
People who had stuff on Hillary Clinton
Im not recommending /r/hillaryclinton because it reeks of saphic residues and the christina aguilera is deafening, but my life is fulfilled to see the litany of beaver tears about Matt "wake-up-white-people" Lauer
The video the Hillary Campaign is trying to suppress. Freedom is actually falling before her.
The Misunderstood Racism of the 2016 Election
Trump voters are just
I would like to make a motion that this is the song Trump comes out to for the first debate against Hillary.
Polls in the Era of Media Fraud
Trump+Hillary= This Song
Looking for Someone?
Looks like Trump does donate to charity, thoughts?
Forget the stupid emails - Hillary committed treason and here is the smoking gun - two 15 year old letters, a video & audio tape...
I've got a bad feeling about this...
Latest General Election prediction for the General Election. Trump Vs Hillary (video.
This post will trigger cucks
Tom Barrack paid homage to Roosevelt by referring to Trump as the Man in the Arena. I think all Trump haters should think about this
One simple reason for the outrage at Ted Cruz? Republicans wanted Trump as their nominee.
I think so, Brain, but how will we get a pair of Abe Vigoda's pants.
Campaign denies Melania Trump's speech plagiarizes parts of Michelle Obama's
Mr. Secretary?
Build a Great Wall by SESTA X
trumps cousin does you how to make fireballs with yer face!#
How is there not a Trump & Hillary porn parody yet?
Faisal Islam on Twitter: "US Presidential candidate Donald Trump in Scotland, says "it's a great thing" that Britain has "taken back its country""
So what immigrants are the British trying to prevent from coming to their country?
Donald trump .999 Silver bullion round by silver shield
That's all folks!
A tribute to r/sandersforpresident
Remembering those who have fallen to make America great
The debate we all missed out on...
/r/trump for real Donald Trump news, information and discussion.
Donald and your supporters prepare to be fucked.
Always Reppin
I think TheDonald would enjoy this
Trump not taking back 9/11 Muslim claims during heated 'Meet the Press' interview
Canadian Girlfriend Matches Americans Dodging Trump With Single Canadians
Titanic Trump
Donald Donald Donald can't you see
Indiana man arrested for threats against Donald Trump on YouTube
Trump will skull fuck Hillary so hard that Bill will come.
Make doge great again!
Are they really banning this from the internet?
Super Trump [artwork
Donald Trump, the Destroyer of Worlds
Kasich is out, Trump is in! Officially in, of course.
Trump + Aliens = The Truth. Basic Math!
Michelle Fields "GrabGate" Raw Footage Collage Sync'd w/Audio. All Available Video Included
Serious no based question
Doesnt it say something that the voting is hidden here?
Why its time for a Trump revolution
Fascism and Donald Trump - YouTube
Can't stump the trump: the foolish guac bowl merchant
Has Donald Trump Ever Used a Computer? Gizmodo Investigates
Is there a world where Bernie could be Trump's VP?
Trump presidency "means death for us all", say nation's top scientists
Study: 95 percent chance of human extinction during Trump presidency
MY LAST VID BEFORE THE ELECTION: SEVEN RADICAL DEMANDS FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP FROM THE ALT RIGHT
Make America Great Again!!!!
Clintons for Prison 2016
Trump announcement: "Nobody loves women more than I do. That's why I rape them by the dozen."
You poor bastards. You really do have to choose between a Clinton shit sandwich and a giant Donald douche. Good luck.
Just wanted to say thanks
Wot?
Local level smear campaign?
USA Land of Dreams. Or NOT?
What the intelligentsia know about our next president
Donald Trump couldn't have sexually assaulted all those women, because if he had, one of them would have revealed by now how long his penis is, a matter that was important enough that he brought it up during a presidential debate.
PAC Caught in Recordings Inciting Violence at Trump Rallies
ohhhhh Hillary...
Wikileaks exposes the Assassination of Scalia???
HIDDEN CAM: NYC Democratic Election Commissioner, "They Bus People Around to Vote"
Can't wait until Nov. 8 to cast your vote - wait no more! Tally your ticket as many times as you like right now!
The nice thing trump has to say about Hillary
Breaking: Pro-Trump Imam's Brother Kidnapped By Islamic State As He DESTROYS Obama+Hillary For Founding ISIS
BLIND MAN GOES HUNTING FOR JOSH PECK!!!!!
They named the new Street after Hillary
Trump supporter attacked and beaten in El Cajon
The Donald
Trump placed on Suicide Watch after devastating debate defeat in which he admits he does not pay taxes, mocks women for their weight, reads Mein Kampf for pleasure reading. The election is over, friends! That was quick!
Buba Trump at Fort Myers Beach, FL on 9.25.2016
TIME2MAGA Watches - TRUMP MERCHANDISE. We now offer a range of donation options! Give this a SHARE and get them out there !
Testpostplsupvote
This is what Hillary is going to do with that campaign plane after the election - Stronger Together Airways
I can't wait to see you guys from /r/thedonald fucked up when this madman will destroy America. I know Hillary is a crook, but Trump is the endgame of your country
I think ugly people are okay.
TRUMP KILLS MILLIONS OF AFRICAN AMERICANS
[YTP
Trump voters are just Hitler dindus
German take on syria crisis
Wasn't it originally Crooked Bill?
Donald Trump's Alleged Mob Ties: 5 Damning Revelations
Best Candidate!
The political views of a basic Christian Shlub (me).
Punking the Trump-Haters
Any Proud Boy Trump Supporters?
Trump family of thieves.
Donald Trump - Golden Dump (The Trump Hump) /#TheMockingbirdMan by Klemen Slakonja/
Roger Ailes just quit. $40 Million & gone.
#BlackLivesMatter
Why Donald Trump is ACTUALLY Batman
I want Donald trump to bend on one knee and call me daddy.
Clintons foundation could end Hillaries in a spot of bovver
So now ignorance of the law is okay? Next time I get stopped by the police I'll just pull a Hillary and say I didn't know I was doing anything wrong and get let go without consequence.
Pull in case of Trump not being the nominee
Nigel Farage Resigns from UKIP (Real Hero Edition)
Let's have some fun and unwind.
Good ole Milo "Hitler was a Muslim"
Now what?
Bern Victims Angry Their Donations Aren't Going Where They Planned
California for Trump T-shirt
Berniebots trying to control the world yet again.
Ha! Almost made it to the top .. Just a little bit more.
Check out /r/trump
At the end of the GMA segment 13/05/16 you could see Stephanopoulos glance off camera to see a bit of journalistic integrity hit the exit, stage right
posted "Trump 2016" to /r/feminism, to piss them off, banned
It's not whether you win or lose...
Donald Trump Childhood Video Released! (420).
TEPID
Cruz Picks Fiorina as VP
Anyone here want some FREE SHIT?!?!?!?!
Why shouldn't both, the woman and person doing the procedure, be punished for an abortion?
Whiskey and the morning after: Yes, Virginia, There Are Liberal Bullies
ArTiyme misrepresents comment history and couldn't disguise his username.
Donald
Anti-Donald Trump Black Lives Matter Activist Is 'Hell Bent On Inciting Riots'
ran into this gem today
The left is...too dumb for words.
SURPRISE!!
I wonder who this could be...
99 percent chance of Hillary Clinton victory! Suck it, goons
10 Facts About Donald Trump | Donald Trump jr ,Donald Trump Father and more...
Final bets on how many states Trump will win?
Obama roasts Trump (starting at 1:25)
Having sex with Jabba the Candidate must be like having sex with Louis C.K.
DONALD TRUMP SAVES THE WHITE HOUSE!!!! :D:D:D
please respond anyone
The Chicago protesters?
Trump SURGE! HERE WE COME
Billy Bush fired from NBC for important job of morning show host; redneck high school drop outs continue to support Donald Trump for President
Trump shares bold new plan for the "Final Solution" to America's Mexican Problem: "My final solution will make Hitler's look like mere child's play by comparison, it's going to be terrific. If you liked Nazism, you're going to love this. "
From tonight's rally
Is voting for Trump treason against the human species? Discuss.
This Video Will Get Donald Trump Elected
Goodbye
180K+ views on facebook! Chris Higbee, Angry American.
Don be sniffin, but she be pickin... What's worse?? More: trumpfoprez.com
Why is this a pie chart? Theyre so dumb...
This is the Donald after the debate
What the Corrupt Media Machine Has News Blackout On: Trump Takes Leads in Electoral College
Googletown
:O
So I just got banned from /r/politics for calling someone a Hillary Shill. They prefer censorship over discussion. I suggest for those who don't want to deal with Hillary shills you head over to voat.co while reddit becomes digg.
Trump voters are just Hitler
Trump voters are just Hitler dindus
Megyn Kelly being sent on a "vacation" by Fox News not likely to return. TRUMP WINS AGAIN!!
How is it racist to suggest we all not the same? Love trump for telling it how it is
Where can I find 4x8 yard signs?
I wonder how many electronic voting machines will be hacked, and how many dead people will vote this election...
The guy who was climbing trump tower just got stopped. (Skip to 1:45:20)
What would you give Hillary out of 10 in looks?
HILLARY DID HARAMBE
Donald Trump: The Messiah of Our Time
Worst intro to presidential candidate ever? Difficulty: it's your mom.
A lil lighthearted fun
It's all going according to plan
PSA: if you use twitter, check who you're following
There was a fantastic video, the best, of everyone not believing in Trump, laughing at him Republicans and media trashing Trump with the end of the video showing Trump being declared the presumptive nominee and saying, "People used to laugh at me, they aren't laughing now."
Losing yet again
Eviction Notice To Obama and Establishment Start Packing - Judge Jeanine
Americans are the Dumbest Nation of Liberals
I don't believe it
If there's one thing we learned from Orlando... It's that we need to dismantle White Supremacy.
Orlando and the Particulars of Islamic Religious Pathology
SJ Peaceful Protesters bombarding us
Hello Hilary haters. I'm eager to read your counter arguments.
It's nice to see Google can muster up a tiny pin on Memorial Day after a full fledged doodle for a Bin Laden sympathizer a few weeks ago...
Quick Poll: How risk-averse are you?
Feel the Trump
Donald Trump + Sea Bears = A Hate for Sombreros
From... Please give us
Peter Thiel to back Trump as GOP presidential candidate
Ted Cruz 4 Pres
The Millennial Case Against Trump: "He's literally Hitler!"
Found on r/sandersforpresident, front page right now. This is just purely outrageous.
Bernie said, "When you're white... you don't understand what it's like to be poor."
BLATANT US FEDERAL LAW VIOLATION - RE: FAKE CRAIGSLIST POSTINGS
Confessions of a Paid Hillary Operative
how we can swing the election - a new argument and a new way
"Clinton Won't Support U.S. Ground Troops"
Quantum leap
Clinton's Corruption Level
It's all but over for Hillary now! Trump 2016!!!
Donald trump impersonator
TRUMP CAUGHT GRABBING A PUSSY.
My friend lost a bet.
When you want to grab dat puss, but she too busy f*cking America.
The Republicans should be renamed the New Trumpublicans! who is with me?
The Trump Wall.
Idiot takes an order bigger than he can afford...agrees to take less then blames Trump almost 30 years later...
Trump found openly weeping after debate. 'I've lost; I have nothing to live for! Waaaah!"
Trump voters are just Hitler
Why are black people so racist now and say everyone else is racist for saying anything they dislike to hear?
Check out Liberty Viral for part two tomorrow!
Media coverage over Trump in a nutshell
TIME 2 MAGA - these are awesome!
GOP Officials Exploring Options if Trump Drops Out
Test post please ignore
lel
Stopped by the DC Department of Justice this morning with a message
Donald Trump's plot to deport all Mexicans from America
Did Milo Yiannopoulos REALLY say this?!
Yeah, some dipshits think that it's without an underscore. Click here for the real sub.
The Orlando Shooting in a Nutshell
Trump slowed down 50% --- guys guys guys. This is hilarious.
U.S. officials say American Muslims do report extremist threats
10 Things Trump Supporters Are Too Stupid To Realize
My favorite poster from Mr. Trump's campaign so far
Formally recognize Black Lives Matter as a terrorist organization.
If She Wasn't My Daughter, A poem by Donald Trump
Forget the stupid emails - Hillary committed treason and here is the smoking gun - two 15 year old letters, a video & audio tape...
GOP Officials Exploring Options if Trump Drops Out
Trump placed on Suicide Watch after devastating debate defeat in which he admits he does not pay taxes, mocks women for their weight, reads Mein Kampf for pleasure reading. The election is over, friends! That was quick!
Any of you guys want to have an intelligent discussion?
Donald Trump is a big fat idiot
FUCK TRUMP
Trump's views on Nuclear weapons
Trump scores MAJOR endorsement of the American Nazi Party!!! Real opportunity for Donald Trump and White Nationalists to carry out their mutual goals!
To all the broke Berniebots that aren't getting their $27.86 back
Trump Pence 2016
You guys are a bunch of fucking faggots.
Is Donald Trump OK? Erratic behaviour raises mental health questions
The university longboard assosciation wanted a hoodie design!...
Bernie > Trump
Deal with it liberals. I'm too fucking nimble.
Donald Trump's daughter steps forward to say "Daddy grabbed me by the pussy and sat me on his lap as we sat on a statue of 2 parrots fucking."
OCTOBER SURPRISE, BITCHES!
I can't wait to see you guys from /r/thedonald fucked up when this madman will destroy America. I know Hillary is a crook, but Trump is the endgame of your country
New poll shows Trump polling at 100 percent of local Klan chapters nationwide!
Trump DESTROYED in final presidential debate; leaves debate stage humiliated, weeping. Will Donald survive until Election Day? Stay tuned.
Arkancide is the unfortunate habit of potential witnesses to the Clintons' dirty dealings in Arkansas suddenly deciding to shoot themselves twice in the back of the head.
Donald Trump, the Destroyer of Worlds
Now that Trump is all but guaranteed the nomination...
Did Donald forget to take his meds? What is the explanation for his lunatic, mouth-foaming debacle at the debate? I haven't seen a slaughter that bad since I visited a pig farm!
American voters are incredibly stupid, biased, and blindly believe almost anything?
Kass: Trump Will Withdraw, He Doesn't Like to Lose
Twitter suspends account of Melania Trump speechwriter Meredith McIver, who probably isn't a real person
Send a big "Thank You" note to the DNC for the 5 million votes they are gifting Donald Trump with Hillary Clinton's corruption and Wasserman's dirty tricks against Bernie Sanders!
My dad doesn't know what Reddit, Memes or Centipedes are...but that doesn't stop him from being HIGH ENERGY!
Trump Cites Iraq Withdrawal He Passionately Supported To Say Obama Founded ISIS"
sexy trump girls DESTROYING the internet
There's a reason some Democrats are switching to the Donald Party
Watch "Rigging the Election - Video II: Mass Voter Fraud" on YouTube
Donald Trump, aka the easy way to lose respect for people you like
Trump is an utter asshole.
The Clintons Serve Big Pharma, Not You
Sanders' campaign is alive and well!
Tim Cain wants to be like Trump.
Hillary Clinton On The Verge Of Death - Coughing in Cleveland
Is it true trump owes China millions..my girl is having a debate with me.
Bernie supporter wants to know where I can buy all seasons of "The Apprentice" individually
My lesbian aunt is convinced that Hillary and Huma are lesbian lovers.
What is it about Trump?
Campaign denies Melania Trump's speech plagiarizes parts of Michelle Obama's
Fuck Isis
Show this to any non supporters of Trump to shut them up.
Someone Was Actually Arrested For In-Person Voter Fraud. She's A Trump Supporter.
Donald Trump dead at age 70
Spot The Difference
Trump supporter attacked and beaten in El Cajon
Chicago Tribune's John Kass: Democrats should ask Clinton to step aside
amen
The Donald isn't the first Presidential Candidate to use 'questionable' language on the campaign trail
Fascism and Donald Trump - YouTube
I want a president that loves pussy, not one that is one, or has one!!
Data visualization of Donald Trump's current approval ratings using a live streaming robotic wig.
With love, from social democratic countries.
Is voting for Trump treason against the human species? Discuss.
In response to the "We don't believe in Safe Spaces, but we do believe in our Territorial Sovereignty to censor here" comment from a mod
My Facebook feed this morning
Sad angry white people
I would consider it an honor to be banned from this subreddit dedicated to this buffoon.
You poor bastards. You really do have to choose between a Clinton shit sandwich and a giant Donald douche. Good luck.
Hello Young People, It's Hillary Clinton Again
How many times has Donald raped Ivanka?
Trump family of thieves.
Shitlib cries out for someone to assassinate Trump on twitter and gets a little justice from /pol/
Donald Trump's Most Idiotic Moments
Obama roasts Trump (starting at 1:25)
Kim Jong Un is awesome
Best comeback in the history of politics
I don't believe it
Bernie said, "When you're white... you don't understand what it's like to be poor."
October 24th declared national "Report-a-Donald Trump-Rape Day"; THOUSANDS of women expected to come forward and compete for MILLIONS in prizes. Ladies, come forward and share your own Donald Trump rape story today! The nation thanks you for your courage.
So if Donald Trump wins the election, would it still have been rigged or not?
Deplorables Against Trump
People who had stuff on Hillary Clinton
Donald Trump battles radio host Hugh Hewitt on claim that Obama is 'founder of ISIS'
I know libs don't listen to logic but
Donald and your supporters prepare to be fucked.
i cant believe people actually vote for this douchebag please explain
Donald's Can't Lose Plan for the Economy
Is there a world where Bernie could be Trump's VP?
My friend carved a "trumpkin"
MRW a porn star claims she turned down 10k and a private jet for sex
Just leaving this here to hang out.
DRUDGE MIND F
Look at all them millionaires..
Donald Trump supports his endorsement from the KKK but not "not" accepting the endorsement
Trump to put his signed first edition of Mein Kampf up for sale to help finance his dying campaign
Free speech utilizer here
Make Taco Bowls Great Again
Clintons for Prison 2016
Wikileaks exposes the Assassination of Scalia???
Donald Trump's Alleged Mob Ties: 5 Damning Revelations
#BlackLivesMatter
Hillary's true identity is starting to come out!
posted "Trump 2016" to /r/feminism, to piss them off, banned
Shook Donald's hand
I'm a Bernie Sanders Supporter, but guess what?
Donald Trump In Critical Condition After Choking on Own Bullshit - The Daily Currant
Did Milo Yiannopoulos REALLY say this?!
Donald lied about helping small businesses after 9/11
Weiner's emails were planted by the Russians!...so says the libtards.
Why doesn't Trump use some of the appalling statistics regarding incarceration rates during the Bill Clinton administration? Minorities bore the brunt of it. (See attached document)
Look! I just found 2 SJW's hanging out together O.o
Hillary Clinton green screen scandal
DNA tests show Ivanka's new baby has half Trump genes--one quarter from The Donald!
Remembering those who have fallen to make America great
Trump will skull fuck Hillary so hard that Bill will come.
Kasich is out, Trump is in! Officially in, of course.
Debate drinking game--if you pas out before Hillary, you lose!
Trump announcement: "Nobody loves women more than I do. That's why I rape them by the dozen."
To all BLM supporters
The best of Donald Trump captured in one amazing video!
Hey guys, I'm a Bernie supporter.
BREAKING: Top U.S. Company FIRES American Employees And Hires Illegal Aliens... BOYCOTT NOW!
DONGNALD TRUNP THROWS A PARTY
Multiple Officers Shot At 'Black Lives Matter' Protest In Dallas
BBC Have Called it, Great Britain's left the EU
To celebrate becoming the Republican presidential Nominee, Today Donald Trump got radical on a skateboard
Hillary waves like idiot; Bill follows rubbing hands together greedily
The Trump Effect
Hadley Freeman: in Donald Trumps world, youre classy or a loser. Which is he?
Trump on climate change
Trump Foundation admits error in donation to Florida attorney general campaign
Super peaceful muslim refugees in Sweden caught on Australias' 60 minutes throwing peace punches at production crew.
HS Newspaper editorial: "Why You Should Vote for Trump"
99 percent chance of Hillary Clinton victory! Suck it, goons
Hillary won debate because you suck
How is it racist to suggest we all not the same? Love trump for telling it how it is
LARGEST GROUP EVER! We need 10000000 members to Make America Great Again! Our FB Group https://www.facebook.com/groups/520754444797060/
Will Bill Clinton suddenly reveal a serious illness in the midst of the election in order to facilitate Hillary's win? : conspiracy
Found on r/sandersforpresident, front page right now. This is just purely outrageous.
This shit is why I'm voting for Donald
TRUMP CAUGHT GRABBING A PUSSY.
Major announcement: Trump to put his signed first edition of Mein Kampf up for sale to help finance his dying campaign
Why are black people so racist now and say everyone else is racist for saying anything they dislike to hear?
Trump's campaign is a dumpster baby. Can't figure out how to fund-raise from trailer trash rednecks on welfare with three broken down cars in the yard who want to "Make 'Merica Grate Agin.
NSFW Why isn't this fucking posted everywhere? Donald trump lied about his dick size it would seem.
VIDEO: How the Media is Deceiving You!
#TakeBackMyEarlyVote is trending on Twitter
Donald Trump just won a debate 3 vs. 1!
Election 2016
I did nothing wrong, I don't recall, Im not sure, I'll ask Reddit.
BREAKING: Julian Assange Just Released Thousands Of 'Cables' PROVING Hillary Is Lying About THIS...
Polls in the Era of Media Fraud
Looks like Trump does donate to charity, thoughts?
I've got a bad feeling about this...
Donald Trump in 2008: Hillary Clinton would 'make a good president'
The Donald a stand up guy.
WATCH: Where the Hell is the Orlando Jihadist's Missing Wife?
That's all folks!
Super Trump [artwork
Who's more violent?
Casey Neistat's vlog starts with an opening shot of a hilarious Trump impersonator in NYC.
Doesnt it say something that the voting is hidden here?
Black off-duty cop reports why he was shocked at what he saw at a Trump rally.
The Mayo Clinic did a great job writing Trump's bio.
Donald Trump - Playboy - 8 Sexy Woman Trump Has Dated
Donald Trump couldn't have sexually assaulted all those women, because if he had, one of them would have revealed by now how long his penis is, a matter that was important enough that he brought it up during a presidential debate.
Hillary Clinton Campaign Chair (Podesta) Leaks - examined
HIDDEN CAM: NYC Democratic Election Commissioner, "They Bus People Around to Vote"
Breaking: Pro-Trump Imam's Brother Kidnapped By Islamic State As He DESTROYS Obama+Hillary For Founding ISIS
Trump supporter attacked and beaten
Car shows are awesome
Trump summed up
Reminder to be on your best behavior when rocking your MAGA gear!
Any Proud Boy Trump Supporters?
seems to be the typical liberal response
Cruz Picks Fiorina as VP
Anyone here want some FREE SHIT?!?!?!?!
Donald
Donald Trump Killed Jean-Benet Ramsey
Who's going to pay for the wall? MEXICO!
Liberals ar retarded against the Trump
Here's What Happened When A Terrorist Attacked LGBT People In Israel
Man of the hour.
Leonard Cohen votes for Trump
If there's one thing we learned from Orlando... It's that we need to dismantle White Supremacy.
SJ Peaceful Protesters bombarding us
It's all but over for Hillary now! Trump 2016!!!
Cuck'd
As an ex-Bernie voter I've been wanting to ask this for a while now. What's can the Trump do for us, and how can we stop Hillary?
'Not a puppet, not a puppet, you're the puppet!" Trump embarrasses himself by acting like an uncreative schoolboy at final debate, walks off stage with head hung in shame
Found Hillary in Skyrim Special Edition today! #DrainTheSwamp
vote for who you think is winning the final debate!
Anybody here?
poll: Donald Trump v Simon Cowell for President ... who wins?
What Donald Trump's opposition to House Speaker Paul Ryan means for Republicans
Oh No It's True
I played Halo5 tonight with a stranger but for someone reason I just felt like he was a good guy... Someone I could trust..... Someone with good values.... Ya know ?
Trump on terrorism, crime, and the economy
Donald tried to tell us about last week's GoT episode months in advance.
Help from a Canadian
El Rato u dog
This Canadian's Bacon
What Trump policies are unique to him and are objectively 'great ideas'?
Focus
Sex Habits Of Trump Supporters Revealed | The Daily Caller
The Donald Trump In These Allegations Is Not The Complete Monster I Married
'wah wah wah I cant lose' -the dump
Donald Trump: 'I hope' Trump Foundation hasn't broken any laws
lol wanna hear a joke
Does Donald play the Trumpet?
A match made in ?????
Monica Lewinsky is voting for Trump
Radio Host DESTROYS Sexual Assault lies! We need every voter to hear this, please consider sharing #Trump2016
One word
Trump's Twitter debate lead was 'swelled by bots' - BBC News
An Indiana parade featured a float showing Donald Trump executing Hillary Clinton
Now 30 BENGHAZI-related emails have been recovered from Hillary's server  and they weren't in the batch she turned over to the State Department
Donald Trump halves Hillary Clinton's lead: poll www.washingtontimes.com
I would like to make a motion that this is the song Trump comes out to for the first debate against Hillary.
Speaking of The Donald
Redacted Tonight: Bernie Actually Won, Widespread Election Fraud in the DNC
Where are we gonna get that much salt?
Sheeple
Honest American Historical Figures
How is there not a Trump & Hillary porn parody yet?
A tribute to r/sandersforpresident
/r/trump for real Donald Trump news, information and discussion.
Are they really banning this from the internet?
How do you feel about Republican representatives trying to negate democracy?
Why its time for a Trump revolution
Do you think Trump will commit suicide when he loses the election in a historic landslide (I'd say probably 46 states - 4, though it could be 50-0 after yesterday's performance)? I say yes. What do you think?
Ben Carson says "I had fun on the debate stage with Trump"
Trump Rally Orange County
Paid trolls - proof from hillary memo
Billy Bush fired from NBC for important job of morning show host; redneck high school drop outs continue to support Donald Trump for President
This Video Will Get Donald Trump Elected
So I just got banned from /r/politics for calling someone a Hillary Shill. They prefer censorship over discussion. I suggest for those who don't want to deal with Hillary shills you head over to voat.co while reddit becomes digg.
I wonder how many electronic voting machines will be hacked, and how many dead people will vote this election...
Text analysis of Trump's tweets confirms he writes only the (angrier) Android half
Saw this on facebook
It's nice to see Google can muster up a tiny pin on Memorial Day after a full fledged doodle for a Bin Laden sympathizer a few weeks ago...
Hillary visits her dad for Father's day.
PAC Caught in Recordings Inciting Violence at Trump Rallies
my son is a cyber
Are you sick of winning yet?
A professor of history at American University is predicting the next president of the United States Of America
Testpostplsupvote
This is what Hillary is going to do with that campaign plane after the election - Stronger Together Airways
German take on syria crisis
So now ignorance of the law is okay? Next time I get stopped by the police I'll just pull a Hillary and say I didn't know I was doing anything wrong and get let go without consequence.
Promptly after dropping out of the race, Ted Cruz elbowed his wife in the head. #freeHeidi
Holocaust Survivor Doing AMA Supports Trump
More Liberal Propoganda!
What happens when you shine a light on $Hillary?
Why is Trump lying about meeting Putin?
Last bastion of 'free speech'
4 minutes in ; OMGOMGOMG Trump is already flustered and doing incredible evasion. Laughable.
Well-written pro-Trump article
When my pumpkin carving becomes art
Moderator Removed From Popular Subreddit For Being A Trump Supporter
Regardless who you're voting for this video is disturbing and shows fraud
My dad sent me this.
I voted
Gen Flynn Says "With Trump, we'll actually win the war on terror"
BREAKING: Obama BUSTED Giving $29 Million Taxpayer Dollars To HILLARY... This Is TREASON
I found a copy of Donald Trump's secret campaign strategy. This explains a lot!
Get this to r/all,Trump took a picture with a white supremacist
British Liberals respond to Trump #Brixit tweet.
What do Trump supporters think of him kicking the baby out of his rally?
No one is talking about the latest wiki leaks dump on here yet?
I'm still undecided on this election but I do find it funny that everyone on the left was talking about McCain's health the entire election and how he might not even live to see the inauguration. However, now once a person of the left is (possibly) Ill no one on the left wants to talk about it.
BREAKING: DONALD TRUMP CONFIRMED GAY!!!! BTFO!!!! TENDIES!!!!! REEEEE!!!!!
Donald Trump is going to really make America again SUPER POWER
Our Dorm Just Got a New Dot Matrix Printer
Painful
Open Your Eyes: A Letter to the Blind
Shit Trump Supporters Say...
Clinton's slaughter of the overfed pig Donald Trump in first debate compared to Roosevelt's historic 1932 debate massacre against Adolf Hitler, Lincoln's piece-piece destruction of Jefferson Davis in 1864.
Trump to be honored at upcoming World Rapist Convention along with Bill Cosby, "Wow, what a bigly honor!" says Trump
Amazon caught deleting bad reviews of Hillary's new book.
Having sex with Jabba the Candidate must be like having sex with Louis C.K.
Wait.. this is news? I thought it was my favorite reality tv show!?
Explanation of the first Clinton-Trump debates from an economic perspective
Googletown
HILLARY DID HARAMBE
Black Trump Supporter DESTROYS liberal triggered cuck protesters at RNC, and proves SHILLARY should be in a political prison camp with her supporters
Newport Beach, CA
It just got 10 feet taller.
Everyone is surprised that Trump won the primaries and he's just like:
What is Donald trumps tax plan?
I was unsubscribed from r/thedonald, after i didnt use this account for like a couple weeks. Any reason why?
Cybersecurity experts discuss the security of Americas electronic voting systems by breaking down vulnerabilities at the state, local and manufacturer level
MASSIVE TRUMP RALLY! ALL ABOARD THE TRUMP TRAIN!
Trump odds fall below 10 percent, sorry guys!
Pence out, Pepe the white Supremacist frog in as Trump running mate; "Even the rats are fleeing this sinking ship! Escape for your lives while you still can!" explained Pence, aghast after the Trump's unhinged performance at the second presidential debate
Donald Is a Great Leader. This video is its proof
T R U M P W A V E
The Donald into a Box,
The Donald into a Box, shipping your way
How my vote will change to Trump
Pussy Riot - Putin will teach you how to love /     
Cool animated Trump speech on national security
donald with the real news
Make Space Great Again
Fox News Poll: Voters trust Trump on economy, Clinton on foreign policy, nuclear weapons
I want to see a HIGH ENERGY rally during the first two weeks of June. Where should I go?
Fascism
Hillary Clinton devastated after "pardon me" joke by Trump at Al Smith Dinner
They named the new Street after Hillary
Michigan student successfully changes preferred pronoun to 'His Majesty' on class roster
The Donald
Buba Trump at Fort Myers Beach, FL on 9.25.2016
It has happened!
TiReUMP
Trump voters are just Hitler dindus
Donald Trump - Build That Wall Dance Song Comedy by DJ 2 Tal
Punking the Trump-Haters
Why Donald Trump is ACTUALLY Batman
Good ole Milo "Hitler was a Muslim"
Now what?
The Donald at his finest
In every report I ever heard Bill was always the receiver.
Ha! Almost made it to the top .. Just a little bit more.
I made some pictures you guys might like
MUST SEE!!! SHOCK VIDEO : Ex-Bernie Supporters Say They'll Vote for Trump NOT Hillary
Null, calm your shit, you're making us look like speds again
Razing Hitler's House (Trump plans "pilgrimmage" to the Fuhrer's birthplace before it is torn down)
Donald Trump Running Insecure Email Servers
#trumpforboobs
Trump's New Poster
[NSFW
Trump and Family Values
The video the Hillary Campaign is trying to suppress. Freedom is actually falling before her.
Donald Trumpet
Donald Trump halves Hillary Clinton's lead
Why did Democrats hijack this forum?
I gotta say, I just got banned;)
This post will trigger cucks
Liberals have such great and mature attitudes
Trump gets it right on Saddam
TIL the clintons know more people that have died of suicide, then I know people who have died of anything.
Donald Trump announces his candidacy in Rock Band
The debate we all missed out on...
Always Reppin
So do y'all like or make fun of trump here ?
Request
What has Trump said about student loan debt? It's one of my major concerns as a student who is about to graduate and is concerned after making a poor choice in my major.
Amanada(39) is 5 miles away. Wanna hang out?
Tommy Robinson on Cologne (New Years Eve Attacks)
ISIS withdraws Donald Trump endorsement after seeing Trump sex tape: "We can no longer in good conscience endorse this depraved man."
How Dare this disloyal man and some washed up magazine put down the Trump! Trump's co-author lies about Trump!
TIL that Tommy Chong named something special after Donald Trump
Bill Clinton recieves 1 million USD from Qatar as a Birthday present. MEDIA IS SILENT.
is this page ironic or something?
hi every1 im new
When 19 year old college kids realize they have no job
Trump's broke and stealing his own money. What a loser.
Trump and Hillary had the time of their lives
Trump gave at least $100K to Clinton Foundation

EVERYONE HERE!!!!! YOU ARE LOOKING FOR /r/THE_DONALD
Clinton's Corruption Level
Trump found openly weeping after debate. 'I've lost; I have nothing to live for! Waaaah!"
Media coverage over Trump in a nutshell
Finally...Google admits to helping Hillary sabotage Bernie and Wikileaks catches Facebook in the act censoring for Hillary too. Here is proof they will do same to Donald...
Milo as Minister of Propaganda
:p
Drumpf sticks by his guns and won't talk about things he doesn't know about
Shut up with your whining, this is what happens when you bring hate to people.
let's face it : most internet people behind trump are unfit for society even if they are young white males
Trump and Pence Logo *Funny*
Grab em by the P*ssy - New Campaign Song
Yall are done you know that right?
Here are a few fact about the Republican Nominee, Donald Trump and a brief insight into his life prior to becoming the candidate for the 2016 US Presidential election.
Fraud and The Election
Trump fails to understand cameras can see him
I have got to get me some of these.
....And the Turtles are going to pay for it!!! *belch*
Trump is a womanizing, retarded faggot who needs to die along with all the subs and mods of this sub
I wonder who this could be...
Final bets on how many states Trump will win?
Trump shares bold new plan for the "Final Solution" to America's Mexican Problem: "My final solution will make Hitler's look like mere child's play by comparison, it's going to be terrific. If you liked Nazism, you're going to love this. "
Trump: I Know That Was Pretty Bad, But Lets Just Say Youre Going To Want To Save Your Energy
Kardashian Might Vote For Trump
:O
I'm a Sanders supporter. Tell me why I should vote Trump over Clinton.
The irony is that The_Donald bans any dissenting opinions.
Ted Cruz 4 Pres
The Millennial Case Against Trump: "He's literally Hitler!"
The Orlando shooters father once hosted an Anti-American television show.
Cruz tried to pass anti-masturbation legislation. Is Trump Pro-masturbation?
Donald Trump confirmed for the new Pokmon series!
Homeless woman guards Trumps Walk of Fame star
10th woman steps forward to say "I was raped by Donald Trump"; Trump now on pace to pass Bill Cosby's mark by end of 2017
Trump Sniffing for 2 Minutes
What is the Donald doing right now?
Trump out of context
Donald Trump is getting zero percent of the black vote in polls in Pennsylvania and Ohio
Well that was easy...
Daily Reminder: MEME MAGIC IS REAL
Just wanted to say thanks
Wot?
Clinton Campaign appears to feed NBC's Andrea Mitchell questions via cell-phone
Donna Brazile denies giving Hillary debate question in advance
ohhhhh Hillary...
My reaction when its 60 days till the election and everything is coming up Trump.
I'm sure you guys are too busy making memes and photoshopping pics of $hillary, but you might want to make sure the voting machines used in the general election aren't made by a company that pays large bribes to the clinton foundation.
I want Donald trump to bend on one knee and call me daddy.
Charge Hillary Rodham Clinton pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 641, 793, 794, 798, 952, and 1924
Bern Victims Angry Their Donations Aren't Going Where They Planned
Just a quick survey
The only reason I'd vote for trump
Kid talks about Trump in his graduation speech!!! EPIC
Just going to leave this here.
Check out /r/trump
Trump is love, Trump is life
It's not whether you win or lose...
Crybaby Culture: How Political Correctness is Ruining Society WE NEED THE DONALD
TEPID
The Wall
Whiskey and the morning after: Yes, Virginia, There Are Liberal Bullies
Watch "LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Phoenix, AZ (3-19-16)" on YouTube
Anti-Donald Trump Black Lives Matter Activist Is 'Hell Bent On Inciting Riots'
As an ex-bernie supporter...
How can I reconcile my love for the 2nd amendment and Donald Trump wanting to use Stop and Frisk in cities that outlaw guns?
Racism does not exist
Mt. Rainier rockin' The Donald
Don't vote this election!
Are you doing your part to Grab America By The Pussy?
It's time to un-cuck, Trump supporters
I painted a Donald Trumpkin for you guys!
Donald Trumpet
Jewelry company publicly shames Ivanka, violates customer privacy
Diving is Huge
There's a guy climbing Trump Tower...With Suction Cups!
i like donald trump
So this is why our handlers in DC are throwing everything in at the Don to keep him out of office...(i made this feel free to share)
"I believe in the fullest liberty within our own borders; and therefore I believe in efficiency in preparedness to prevent the restriction of this liberty by people outside our own borders." - Donald J Trump 2016
Donald Trump Used Legally Dubious Method to Avoid Paying Taxes
South Korean Shadow Cabal
Hackers can leverage lots of technical vulnerabilities to affect election results. But a coordinated attack would be tough, due to voting systems' fragmented nature.
Trump knows how to party
This is what The Donald is going to do to Hillary in the polls
Stone cold should be the GOP nominee. It's all in the video. I want a winner. Not a "stunner"
Hillary's globalism = The trickle-down version of Trump's America First plan
#thuglife
Exciting post-debate Electoral College map released!
Hillary And Her Demon Spawn Chelsea
Topple Trump! | It's The Game You'll Love To Hate
Im not recommending /r/hillaryclinton because it reeks of saphic residues and the christina aguilera is deafening, but my life is fulfilled to see the litany of beaver tears about Matt "wake-up-white-people" Lauer
The Misunderstood Racism of the 2016 Election
The 25 questions Hillary Clinton must answer UNDER OATH on her secret server www.dailymail.co.uk
New National Parks
Tom Barrack paid homage to Roosevelt by referring to Trump as the Man in the Arena. I think all Trump haters should think about this
I think so, Brain, but how will we get a pair of Abe Vigoda's pants.
Sanders Supporters over at SFP. DELUSIONAL!
Build a Great Wall by SESTA X
Have any previous major party candidates been pro-torture?
Trump Causing a Lump in Hillary's Throat
The Blacklist S04E01: Hillary Clinton
Faisal Islam on Twitter: "US Presidential candidate Donald Trump in Scotland, says "it's a great thing" that Britain has "taken back its country""
Would one of you fine gents send me the gif with the journalist cuck an his quote next to the 7 yr old shooting an AR? Thank you kindly.
Hillary Clinton is Evil! (REMIX)
Donald trump .999 Silver bullion round by silver shield
Trump not taking back 9/11 Muslim claims during heated 'Meet the Press' interview
Donald Donald Donald can't you see
Make doge great again!
Trump + Aliens = The Truth. Basic Math!
Carl the Cuck - Skrillex edition
Michelle Fields "GrabGate" Raw Footage Collage Sync'd w/Audio. All Available Video Included
Serious no based question
Has Donald Trump Ever Used a Computer? Gizmodo Investigates
Trump Card 2016 Trailer [2:29
Congrats r/theDonald from r/sandersforpresident on your yuuuge win tonight and becoming the presumptive nominee.
Major Trump announcement: "I am dying and have entered irreversible cognitive decline. Please fulfill the last wish of this dying old man and make me president. I am begging you."
Is Trump Mormon?
Live online presidntial Debate meter?
25 Logical Reasons to Vote for Donald Trump
Was curious what trumpsucks.com would bring up. Got redirected to hillaryclinton.com.
Is Donald Trump Secretly Hoping to Lose His Bid for the White House?
Does Trump have an evacuation plan if Hillary's ass gets any bigger?
Arm the Mexican rapists?
Saw this driving through Virginia. Thought you guys would enjoy.
PEPE!
As an ex-conservative who has moved to the left slowly overtime...
Dear America,
Fbi finds 15,000 more emails from Crooked Hillary's private server.
A Veteran Spy Has Given the FBI Information Alleging a Russian Operation to Cultivate Donald Trump
Anybody wanna compile a list of Hildabeast violations?
Peanut butter vandal mistakes gathering for Trump rally
Breaking: Ronna Removes Wendy Day From MIGOP Over Refusal To Back Trump
Great Wall, by New Folder
Democracy: A system of government in which we do not throw our political opponents in Prison, or grab female voters by the pussies. Trump aligns himself with Putin, Kim Jong-Un, vows to create new axis of evil that would make Hitler-Stalin-Mussolini-Tojo alliance "mere child's play" by comparison.
Rebranding Common Core
Islamic State calls slain Muslim American soldier an "apostate"
9 minutes ago Tom Barrack: " We are at a tipping point, the world is a mess... globalism has crumbled and shattered into a thousand shards, and it needs a jeweler to put it back together... starting with the diamond of America... "
First Award Goes to:
Donald's Right Eye?
Made a little trumpilation
House Intel and Benghazi Committee Member Mike Pompeo On Hillary's Probable Perjury to the Benghazi Committee Under the False Statements Act  The Hugh Hewitt Show
Check out /r/Trump for up-to-date news, campaign info, and discussion.
Found this game about trump, was fun
My friends and I wrote recorded a dramatic ballad about Donald Trump and Marco Rubio.
What's up you fucking retards?
Trump Exposes His Own Lies! On Iraq, Libya, Hillary, Immigration, Abortion, Health Care, Nukes, Etc. - All In His Own Words
The irony is that The_Donald bans any dissenting opinions.
Goodbye
Americas Largest Police Union Endorses Donald Trump For President
The Trump you know and love.
Where can I find 4x8 yard signs?
Election Update
What would you give Hillary out of 10 in looks?
A lil lighthearted fun
"Trumpkins" unite! LOL
Americans are the Dumbest Nation of Liberals
I'm all for freedom of expression, but this is vandalism. Why aren't the NYPD going after these guys?
Hello Hilary haters. I'm eager to read your counter arguments.
Trump showing Bernie what the wall should look like
Feel the Trump
MAGA
Peter Thiel to back Trump as GOP presidential candidate
This is why Donny sill save us
Drink It Up!
Dont Be a Sucker 1947 Civil Defense Film (obscuremedia xpost)
So it's all gone quiet here. The calm before the storm, or the sitting in disbelief? Can he still stand?
Tips for Next Time
SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT
Please share!!! This was taken by a friend. It was deleted by Facebook and he was put in FB timeout for calling her out! God bless the BLUE!!
NFL Legend Hershel Walker Supports Trump  and He Says There Have Been Consequences | Video
Podcast blames guns and Trump for politicizing Orland shooting.
My Dad After Cruz Loss
Trump concedes Election: "Go home, folks. It's over. We lost."
Game over, Trump-heads!
Tonight Debate. Brave Cuban.
Things I Trust More Than Hillary Clinton
If your country's #1 enemy is supporting your Presidential candidate you are screwed!
Masturbation. Up vote this to make this the top result of masturbation on Google.
This subreddit's design is about as shitty as your candidate
Obamacare plan 2017 - $1800/month BCBS. ! Vote !!!!!
You guys gotta read how those losers at The_Donald defend this POS. They are ignorant, deluded and outright pathetic. The lowest of the low.
FBI says it has posted additional Hillary Clinton documents. Email out at 5:36 pm. It's Friday
My favorite type of trump supporters are the black ones, its like finding bill's cock inside hillary during the 90's
WikiLeaks CONFIRMS Hillary Sold Weapons to ISIS - AMERICAN FANS enjoy while visiting us
Trump publishes new book on eve of election "Donald J. Trump's OFFICIAL guide to Not paying taxes for YEARS (IT'S GENIUS!): A Trumpian Primer on stealing from the poor"
New to this sub. Totally outraged
The Bible Endorses Donald Duck
I think Trump's hair is silly.
Shit The_Donald says
I'm British. Anyone fancy buying me 231 days of Reddit Gold so I can filter American politics off my /r/all?
Trump presidency "means death for us all", say nation's top scientists
Are posts being removed?
Can Politicians hack into the election computers? Yes they can. A view by Cybersecurity Expert during interview on Fox News
The nice thing trump has to say about Hillary
TIME2MAGA Watches - TRUMP MERCHANDISE. We now offer a range of donation options! Give this a SHARE and get them out there !
Donald J Trump Presidential Q&A ends in Mic Cut
X-Post: A European asks for a serious insight to why you are voting for Trump and what is wrong with the Presidential narrative
Evidence on Reuters bias?
I think ugly people are okay. Am I a communist?
Make America Great Again Music video
Build-A-Wall Workshop
Wasn't it originally Crooked Bill?
Carlton is all of us
Opinions of Ted Bundy?
Test post, please ignore
I never knew this incredible song existed, this is Donald Trump's theme song when he's president 100%.
Pull in case of Trump not being the nominee
Can we make a bot that adds 10ft. to the wall whenever someone says Drumpf?
#redpillnormies
Berniebots trying to control the world yet again.
I would just like to thank the cucks...
Standards are great, double standards are twice as great
Jeb Bush "Will not support Trump"
Donald Trump Childhood Video Released! (420).
American in sweden with some questions about policies. I'm not condemning!
If passed, The "Protecting Workplace Advancement and Opportunity Act" will only hurt middle-class America. This is The Grand Slam home for Trump
Why shouldn't both, the woman and person doing the procedure, be punished for an abortion?
Hands too small to shake
If Trump becomes the president...
Any Mormons out there?
Grab'em by; the art of Katie B Funk
Quantum leap
Donald trump impersonator
What's your response when someone says Trump is Hitler replacing Jews with Muslims?
How many people here were supportive of Rand before they went for Trump?
Figured you guys might like our shirts
Who are the Cucks now?
Check out Liberty Viral for part two tomorrow!
Updated Odds: Just What The Hell Is Trump Doing? Clinton plant? Or globalist bashing great-maker?
Test post please ignore
Hillary Clinton Blames Whites, Cops for Deaths of Young Black Men
I can't ever tell if Bernie Sanders is giving a speech or trying to blow a hair off his nose.
The NY Times believes in us
liberal arts college graduates in a nutshell
As an illegal Mexican, Donald Trump has inspired me to leave the US and apply to come here legally
Why this millennial, small business owner is voting for Trump.
UNSUBSCRIBE FROM /R/NEWS, CENSORSHIP SHOULD NOT BE EMBRACED
Moody's: Where Trump's Economic Policies Might Spark Recession, Clinton's Could Boost GDP And Lower Unemployment
I hate this motherfucker right here.
Your boy is a brokedick.
Bad Hombres
Proud to be a "Deplorable" stuck in a basket.
'We will NEVER accept EU migrants quota' Hungary to vote NO in next week's referendum
So this happened.
Donald Trump will make anime great again!
Finally, Katrina Pierson is setting the stories straight!
Portrait of the Donald created using only fish.
Said the LOLiberal:
SUPPORT TRUMP
Nothing to See Here! (From /r/news)
Trump booted a black man from his rally and called him a thug. Turns out he is a supporter. - The Washington Post
Trump. Photo by Soraya Doolbaz [NSFW
CAll To ACTION!!! PUMP 4 TRUMP!!! (Wiz Army Black Ops)
Love trolling Hillary supporters.
Smash hit song by phenomenal musician and Trump supporter.
Post debate polls finally out today
Always Choose the Johnson
Trump to pick Indiana Governor Mike Pence as VP
r/uncensorednews for all your news needs
Donald J. Trump For President  /r/The_Donald
Now the Germans are asking us to knock down our glorious wall PATHETIC!!!
MFW people say there's only 5 or 6 months left of Trump memes
Donald Trump gets taken down as activist hacking group Anonymous
Our Glorious Donald
#MakeGrabbingPussyGreatAgain
Trumps Right That The GOP Primary Is Unfair  It Favors Him
Trump Telling It Like It Is - He really TRUMPS THAT BITCH
so like, in the event trump won, would they do something to prevent him from getting in office or even kill him?
Welcome to the Oligarchy and you're all loyal schills
I'm glad we can finally be honest about this sort of thing ;)
This has been fun, under each pro Hillary post I have been posting "this post has been paid for by Hillary's super PAC' and have been down boated in seconds.
Trump!!!
If Hilary Clinton was a cartoon...
The left is...too dumb for words.
SURPRISE!!
DONALD TRUMP SAVES THE WHITE HOUSE!!!! :D:D:D
Why is this a pie chart? Theyre so dumb...
This is the Donald after the debate
Donald Trump is going to really make America again
Can we please have a true friend in Bender Bending Rodriguez a President
Unedited Proof Hillary Faked Opening the Pickle Jar
I think ugly people are okay. Am I a communist?
Megyn Kelly being sent on a "vacation" by Fox News not likely to return. TRUMP WINS AGAIN!!
It's all going according to plan
There was a fantastic video, the best, of everyone not believing in Trump, laughing at him Republicans and media trashing Trump with the end of the video showing Trump being declared the presumptive nominee and saying, "People used to laugh at me, they aren't laughing now."
Donald Trump Rally Violence
Eviction Notice To Obama and Establishment Start Packing - Judge Jeanine
Strange Request. Does anyone do a good impression?
Does anyone want to go halves?
Donald Trump + Sea Bears = A Hate for Sombreros
Reporting in from the Eugene, OR rally. Can practically smell the art majors milling about outside. Will drop photos if shenanigans ensue.
Police for Trump!
Donald Trump POOPS on Sernie Banders
When youre a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. Grab them by the pussy. You can do anything.
An analysis of the FBI's investigation into Hillary Clinton.
Two words
Trump sounded great on the radio in Cincinnati this morning (listen)
Hopefully The Donald can put an end to this Docker madness! We can't have people from Assyria docking in our country! ISIS!
Visit live-streams.us for a live stream of the rally + live tweets + chat!
The real Reason why Trump wants to keep out the Mexicans...
RICKY VAUGHN TOP 150 ELECTION INFLUENCER BANNED PERMANENTLY FROM TWITTER
Fly photo bombs Clinton during tonight's debate!
Hip Hop Version - Grab-Em By the Pussy RAP
Share on SJW Sites, It Just Might Catch On | whatever
Can we start a movement? Baskets for Hillary
Now 30 BENGHAZI.............................
Trump+Hillary= This Song
Looking for Someone?
The smell of success.
EleGgigle ForHead?
One simple reason for the outrage at Ted Cruz? Republicans wanted Trump as their nominee.
X-post /r/ar15: the donald AR15 Lower
trumps cousin does you how to make fireballs with yer face!#
So what immigrants are the British trying to prevent from coming to their country?
Who do you think should win the 2016 presidential election?
I think TheDonald would enjoy this
Canadian Girlfriend Matches Americans Dodging Trump With Single Canadians
Indiana man arrested for threats against Donald Trump on YouTube
Black cop's experience at a trump rally (not op of video)
Anti-Trump Gamers
what no one talks about is our cooperation with russia?
Can't stump the trump: the foolish guac bowl merchant
Hillary Emailgate: How One Twitter User Proved The "Intent" That The FBI Missed After Months "Investigating"
This short video will unite Trump & Bernie supporters BIG TIME.
Found on Bill Clinton's Pornmaster5000
Liberal Plot: Reserve rooms then Cancel, order goods then return. Coordinated "flash mob" type DDOS.
Tomi Lahren, the Barbie Doll
what's a good bug out country if hillary becomes president?
You're the puppet
#DicksOutForDonald https://www.facebook.com/ybhsociety/
Today I became a trump supporter after reach front page of reddit.
Post debate polls finally out today; new consensus electoral map of expert political analysts released!
Fox news just mentioned that non trump supports are called cucks.
WHY YOU SHOULD NOT VOTE FOR HILLARY (DUH)
Now an arrest in LA
I made this Hillary Count-Up Website and will update it regularly as she puts off things more and more. Enjoy :)
Trump supporters being conned
HOW DEMOCRATS THINK  Depending on the Audiencs
Let us pause for a minute to recognizes the great sacrifices this man has made for our great nation.
[({Meta})
I want to meet Donald Trump
I think it is pretty obvious who Trump's VP should be....
Amazing Quote
Do Sanders supporters have jobs? Serious question.
Trump Complains Entire Personality Rigged Against Him
Donald Trump is good
Embarrassing Trump Audio Exposes Him as Totally Clueless
how we can swing the election - a new argument and a new way
Trainwreck
The Republicans should be renamed the New Trumpublicans! who is with me?
The Trump Wall.
The Murdoch Murdoch gang redpills /r/TheDonald
Hillary did not pass out!
Trump's Binders full of Women
Trump may not be the most successful business man even in his own district!
Don't mind me, just another friend looking for a ban
Neighbors carved an "Easter Island Trump" head into a broken tree stump in the front yard. Other neighbors not happy about it.
Stopped by the DC Department of Justice this morning with a message
Donald Trump's plot to deport all Mexicans from America
Has the donald responded to the Scotland Tweets?
Mundane Mitt Romney's Sports Authority Chain In Liquidation, Closing All Stores By August
Clinton Emails on Film
r/TheDonald keepin it classy using picture of dead Parisians on the floor of the Bataclan
On CNN just now Trump supporter at Rally on Hilary "put her in jail!" Trump laughs and repeats it!!
Trump recorded saying "You can grab them by the pussy, you can do anything you want when you're a star" in 2005 hot mic
TRUMP IS DA BEST GO TRUMP
Why does Donald constantly accuse Hillary of things Bill did while in office? Did she really have that much to do with his decisions?
Wow, I LOVED seeing Donny Boy channeling his inner Kim Jong-Un at the debate by threatening political imprisonment of his opponent! Stalin would be proud!
YOU CANNOT STOP THIS
LEADERSHIP: Do we need a leader who specializes in deleting national security by BleachBit/Towel Wiping? And, she shows it off to awe-inspired mind numbed robots?
Behold my friends, Crooked Hillary!
The Rise and Fall of the Republican Party
Also /r/trump ;)
Robert Kagan: This is how fascism comes to America
ELI5: I don't understand this picture. Why is it green? 1456319488666.jpg (20001333)
Why aren't you guys helping out Sanders more?
What should we all do if/when Trump loses? Join the Klan? Any other ideas for like-minded organizations we could join to keep the Trump White Power Revolution alive? Thanks for your help, friends!
On this halloween day, The Donald gets to meet his spiritual father
Richard Branson Meeting Donald Trump
Anon climbs Temple Mount in a Trump t-shirt and MAGA cap
IT IS TIME FOR CHANGE
I wrote a funny story, please enjoy.
I colorized an image for Killary
Trump can "do anything" to women. An example for us all!
I'm a Bernie supporter who is switching to Trump if Bernie doesn't win the nomination. Here's me explaining my decision on a podcast.
Breaking: Trump has rabies
Praise Our Savior
Haitians fleeing from Clinton-owned haiti looking for refuge in US from Mexico
Why do you love Donald? And do you have good examples of the media's bias against him?
Got em! - Stonetear equals Paul Combetta via Etsy
71% of doctors think that Hilary's Health is a serious issue
Republicans concede Presidential Election
Is this the first time a serious political candidate said this?
Republican Trump, or Democrat Clinton
Trump on debate: I was 'holding back
China Kill Us
Informal poll: Who has more pubes? Trump, Hillary or Bernie?
America is gr8
Your opinions are wrong
Woman who took selfie to counter protest anti-Islamic protest in Belgium turns out to be Anti-Semite. : news
"They love me" - black donald trump
Why the SJW feels good for doing what they do.
Made from cut-up speeches & interviews: DO YOU WANT TO BUILD A WALL? (Frozen Parody)
Donald Trump is a whiny little bitch.
Study: 95 percent chance of human extinction during Trump presidency
MY LAST VID BEFORE THE ELECTION: SEVEN RADICAL DEMANDS FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP FROM THE ALT RIGHT
Make America Great Again!!!!
Local level smear campaign?
What the intelligentsia know about our next president
Can't wait until Nov. 8 to cast your vote - wait no more! Tally your ticket as many times as you like right now!
BLIND MAN GOES HUNTING FOR JOSH PECK!!!!!
What will be the fate of Paul Combetta AKA stonetear?
Calvin Savage - "Vote for Trump because I can't!"
I think ugly people are okay.
I think ugly people are okay.
[YTP
Social Security
Best Candidate!
Bernie just nominated Clinton.
Donald Trump - Golden Dump (The Trump Hump) /#TheMockingbirdMan by Klemen Slakonja/
It does matter Hillary it matters to a lot of us
Nigel Farage Resigns from UKIP (Real Hero Edition)
Hilary Clinton has interview regarding emails
California for Trump T-shirt
Watch "Da Ali G Show - Ali G interviews Donald Trump" on YouTube
At the end of the GMA segment 13/05/16 you could see Stephanopoulos glance off camera to see a bit of journalistic integrity hit the exit, stage right
Collective Intelligence data used to predict TRUMP VP  /r/dataisbeautiful
ArTiyme misrepresents comment history and couldn't disguise his username.
Senator Armstrump
Inside The Strange World Of Donald Trump Erotica
On the map.
Hillary not wearing American Flag pin? What's the deal?
OT: Why can't Donny Trump afford suits that fit him? Trump at the suit store: "Give me the biggest suit you have!"
You went to the wrong subreddit - You meant to go here (link inside)
Apparently my "friends" think I'm horrible for wanting to vote for Trump
This sub is about 1000x better with Make America Drumpf Again installed
Quick question
Bill Cosby: "Donald Trump taught me everything I know about rape."
This is perfect for this sub.
Watch "Between Two Ferns With Zach Galifianakis: Hillary Clinton" on YouTube
Revised Trump campaign announcement
In response to the Hillary Mosaic, here is one of Trump
roasted himself
20,000 uptrumps and this becomes a Donald Duck themed subreddit
lets now forget how based howard stern is for not releasing old audio clips that would just cause confusion
The Trumpty Dance
The Milk Crate
Donald Trump's Attorney General will be this guy. And he humiliated Hillary Clinton.
GOOGLE Search Trends Indicate Trump Landslide Victory
tickcounter: days since hillary's last press conference
Looks like the name is sticking.
I think the Donald loves Pokeahotass.
If Clinton's Wife wanted to become president, then why did she try the same year as Donald?
the trumpinator
Plea from a Sanders supporter: CA your GOP primary is a done deal. Register Democrat by May 23 and vote against Hillary Clinton
North America at night after November
Trumps Junk
MAGA
16-Year-Old Black Trump Supporter Schools Black Lives Matter Moron in Epic Debate
Milo Yiannopoulos: Muslim Culture Is Violent  CBS Philly
Looking for /r/the_donald? Click here!
I slaved for hours to create this new logo for our nominee.
Pope endorses Trump
Trump campaign updates logo after latest revelation
858 immigrants are accidentally given American citizenship
SJW Attacking Student for Wearing "unsafe" 'Make America Great Again' Hat [Calgary, Canada
[NSFW
I hate it when you guys are right.
10 Facts About Donald Trump | Donald Trump jr ,Donald Trump Father and more...
Trump SURGE! HERE WE COME
From tonight's rally
Did Billy Bush leak the "hot mic" Trump tape?
What the Corrupt Media Machine Has News Blackout On: Trump Takes Leads in Electoral College
Is Hillary Clinton abusing prescription thyroid medications?
Arnold supports building
Trump voters are just Hitler dindus
Worst intro to presidential candidate ever? Difficulty: it's your mom.
I want in on the action!
Wait... do you really get banned from offmychest for posting here?
Don't be a dick Justin! shesh
Losing yet again
FBI Director James Comey FULL STATEMENT [OFF SCRIPT
Quick Poll: How risk-averse are you?
[serious
Why Donald Trump Is A Gift To Democracy
Bernie's fuel can't melt Trump's stump.
Paul Combetta used Reddit to try to figure out how to alter emails. (Xpost from r/Libertarian)
Carnival in Germany [xpost r/funny
The problem with the "Bill did it too" argument
Ford shifting all U.S. small-car production to Mexico (this has gotta be a big boost in the Upper Midwest for Trump).
Trying to get banned from r/offmychest
Donald for potus 2k16
Congratulations on NH
MASSIVE Trump rally footage released!
We will finish this campaign at all costs
Donald Trump
The Don endorsed by N.Korea
To the people here from /r/AskReddit: It's /r/The_Donald, not /r/TheDonald.
Can you convince me to vote for Donald without mentioning Hillary?
"You can grab them by the pussy, you can do anything "
Guys?
"Make America Scared Again", homeowner creates Anti-Tump halloween display in front yard.
It's All But Official: Donald Trump Won't Release His Tax Returns
my new flag for my truck, needless to say the Mexicans next door... actually came out and said they love it!
What are we gonna do about Hillary hiring the gestapo?
She is a totally unhinged person: Donald Trump questions Clintons mental stability in series of attacks
How about some Comedy? Shocking Interview with Sweden Police about Muslims and Wristbands
Hillary Clinton Has A Seizure On Video, Please Share To All HillBots
Crooked Hillary hard at work.
Is this Chelsea Clinton in this sex tape? Help me out - can't tell
Judge Presiding Over Trump University Case Is Member Of La Raza Lawyers Group Read more: http://dailycaller.com/2016/06/01/judge-presiding-over-trump-university-case-is-member-of-la-raza-lawyers-group/#ixzz4AfeH1Lr9
I guess Rock on the Range was in New Mexico this year with Bernie as a headliner.
Projection: Trump wins Indiana GOP primary
Florida GOP leaders outraged by Trump tape: but can we talk about why NOBODY seems to care about the numerous crimes and horrible things Hillary has done? What the hell is happening?
Is this the first time a serious political candidate said this?
That's one scary costume
Make America grab again
Presidential Nominee Quote
Hillary Seizures during 9/11 memorial
BLATANT US FEDERAL LAW VIOLATION - RE: FAKE CRAIGSLIST POSTINGS
Confessions of a Paid Hillary Operative
MLG Donald Trump
Donald Trump vs Hillary Clinton: a sentiment analysis on Twitter mentions
"Clinton Won't Support U.S. Ground Troops"
Financial shecurity?
Idiot takes an order bigger than he can afford...agrees to take less then blames Trump almost 30 years later...
The battle rages on, Trump 2016 has become a rallying cry... The Kyle Style Podcast Episode 53 In the Trenches of the Culture War
Can't we all just get along?
Trump voters are just Hitler
TIME 2 MAGA - these are awesome!
Ban me also
lel
I'd like to hear r/TheDonald's thoughts on this criticism of Trump.
Yeah, some dipshits think that it's without an underscore. Click here for the real sub.
NJ mayor, deputy mayor break with GOP in protest of Trump
What ever happened to that Funny or Die parody of Trump?
Who does Donald respectfully disagree with?
So, it looks like Donald got a new piece of ass...
#FDT
Exposing Michelle Fields Using Her Own Ted Talk! A must see.
Confused about Trump and Israel
GOP: Grabbing Occasional Pussy
Emotionally driven video showcasing the violence by Trump Protestors
Trump account in Russian Alfa Bank.
Hail Trump and his final solutions.
Tweeting like a champ
Black Trump Supporter Smacks Down CNN Reporter for Race Baiting
Even though I am programmed for Hillary, I am siding with Donald in this presidential election!
I was banned from /r/the_donald so this low energy sub is my new home I guess.
[Stefan Molyneux
Grab them by the pussy, Trump says. You can do anything.
PROOF TRUMPS A GOOD GUY
The "Oh Shit" Moment: Hillary Wiped Her Server With BleachBit Despite Subpoena
Not even 20 seconds later... Got banned for it immediately.
The Donald did 7/11
Google doc with 27 pages of videos of Hillary Clinton lying. Enjoy.
How many Trump supporters have ever visited a 1st world country? Basically, EU or Japan.
I Suffer From Severe Psychological Issues And I Need The Help Of Mental Health Professionals, Says Trump In Pointed Debate Comeback
Mr Trump
I'm fifteen years old and I LOVE Donald Trump! :) #MAGA lol
Donald trump
What does "Yuge" mean in Swedish?
If this years political climate were Steven Seagal movies.
Hola Muchachos
Truly he is unstumpable. nsfw
Donald Trump Makes History With Zero Major Newspaper Endorsements
HILLARY CLINTON ATE MY CHILDREN
Donald Trump either lied under oath or during a debate  /r/politics
Fuck you, Google
Trump is financed by Putin's Russia
This explains why we cannot let these rats into our country
Donald Trump raps Mac Miller's "Donald Trump"
Hilary bleaching her servers and Donald making America great again. (X-post from r/pics)
Megyn Kelly... maybe not so bad? She's kicking some Clintonian ass here...
Hail the Trump Overlord
Crooked Hillary showing off her dance moves
thedonald summed up in one song
This is America, and so can you!
Can I get banned from r/offmychest
Luis Miranda DNC communication directors cell number
"I wish you good fortune in the wars to come..."
What did the sign that was shown by a protestor say?
Makes sense to me...
POKEMON:TRUMP LEAGUE
Wearing a hijab is a personal choice and can reflect ones personal devotion to Allah
HRC transcript of paid speeches to Wall Street. She really is as crooked as we thought.
Trump will win
Recent studies show Hillary is an actual walking cunt
Dear Mr.trump...please deport all illegal Mexicans and help our economy but if you go house to house have no drug arrest and America will back you!
Can I be a mod?
Woman Who Painted Naked Trump Beaten By His Goons
Honest question: Trump called in to question Obama's birthplace, why are you all against him being misrepresented?
October Suprise again, bitches! LOL @ your weak "e-mailgate." This is how a real October surprise is done. Watch and learn from your betters
Need help with school assignment related to Trump
According to Google, We're Obsessed with Donald Trump
American Patriots vs. the Globalist Neocons
DONALD TRUMP TRIBUTE
Trump voters are just
Confiscate their coats
Latest General Election prediction for the General Election. Trump Vs Hillary (video.
Remember that time when Bubba
Mr. Secretary?
Titanic Trump
RNC in a nutshell
Vote on this Twitter Poll & Keep Donald Trump in the lead, #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Big state?
Scott Adams' Blog - The Week I Became a Target
"They won't call them terrorists when they're white!" Oh yes we will!
SHES EVIL!
is there anything we can do on this level to deter undocumented immigrants from voting?
A spiffy new counter to emphasize the alarming rate at which Islamic terror attacks are being perpetrated across the globe. Part satire, part political critique, part exercise in free speech.
Crooked/Finger Hillary
Blast Crooked Hillary with an Arsenal of Weaponry
Commie-Anarchists call for using "logical" violence against Trump supporters
Trump rescinds pledge to back Republican nominee
I made a campaign poster for you guys.
You're both fired...
Soviet Russia knows how to party
To be fair, Jeb Bush is pretty low energy.
rare donald
Thanks Nicholas for pointing out another Clinton FAILURE.
Trump to Media: Ask Hillary Why She Didn't "Turn In" Donna Brazile
PSA from Trae Crowder pleading to his fellow rednecks to think about The Donald
tabs vs spaces
This guy doing his part to MAGA. (He's getting so many honks) Southampton NY
I'm catching so much shit from my friends for sharing trump posts on facebook.
In bashing Donald Trump, some say Ruth Bader Ginsburg just crossed a very important line - The Washington Post
This Donald Trump app is kinda funny. ITS HUGE
Very high energy right now that I found this sub. I'm fairly certain you've seen this magnificent artistry
What do you guys think of my new visual novel?
Spotify Founders Blast Swedens Business Environment in Open Letter
Khizr Khan Politicizes Sons Death For Democratic Gain
The end is nigh
Hey I though you guys might like this
They Only Hear What They Want To Hear
Umm
Trump introduces new campaign slogan after the failure of "MAGA": "You may not love me, but you will fear me. I am the Lord of the Trumps"
This is a BIG LEAGUE movement. We won't go down without a fight!
Trump recorded saying "You can grab them by the pussy, you can do anything you want when you're a star" in 2005 hot mic
Trump campaign updates logo after latest revelation
Yall are done you know that right?
Grab them by the pussy, Trump says. You can do anything.
Donald Trump is a whiny little bitch.
Donald Trump Makes History With Zero Major Newspaper Endorsements
Make America grab again
Trump can "do anything" to women. An example for us all!
GOP: Grabbing Occasional Pussy
Presidential Nominee Quote
'Not a puppet, not a puppet, you're the puppet!" Trump embarrasses himself by acting like an uncreative schoolboy at final debate, walks off stage with head hung in shame
#MakeGrabbingPussyGreatAgain
This Donald just swoops in and literally takes married women against their will in the same manner as r/thedonald accuses immigrants for.
What should we all do if/when Trump loses? Join the Klan? Any other ideas for like-minded organizations we could join to keep the Trump White Power Revolution alive? Thanks for your help, friends!
What do you guys think of my new visual novel?
ISIS withdraws Donald Trump endorsement after seeing Trump sex tape: "We can no longer in good conscience endorse this depraved man."
Soviet Russia knows how to party
Game over, Trump-heads!
WikiLeaks CONFIRMS Hillary Sold Weapons to ISIS - AMERICAN FANS enjoy while visiting us
Why is Trump lying about meeting Putin?
This is why Donny sill save us
My favorite Trump joke that increasingly become more relevant.
Bill Cosby: "Donald Trump taught me everything I know about rape."
Bad Hombres
When youre a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. Grab them by the pussy. You can do anything.
"You can grab them by the pussy, you can do anything "
Trump Complains Entire Personality Rigged Against Him
4 minutes in ; OMGOMGOMG Trump is already flustered and doing incredible evasion. Laughable.
Trump halts big-money fundraising, cutting off cash to the party
Bill Clinton recieves 1 million USD from Qatar as a Birthday present. MEDIA IS SILENT.
Grab em by the P*ssy - New Campaign Song
Shit Trump Supporters Say...
Trump!!!
Are you doing your part to Grab America By The Pussy?
Revised Trump campaign announcement
Found on Bill Clinton's Pornmaster5000
Trump odds fall below 10 percent, sorry guys!
Trump concedes Election: "Go home, folks. It's over. We lost."
Richard Branson Meeting Donald Trump
Regardless who you're voting for this video is disturbing and shows fraud
Sad angry white people
OT: Why can't Donny Trump afford suits that fit him? Trump at the suit store: "Give me the biggest suit you have!"
P*ssy again.
Trump account in Russian Alfa Bank.
Obamacare plan 2017 - $1800/month BCBS. ! Vote !!!!!
Watch "Rigging the Election - Video II: Mass Voter Fraud" on YouTube
Breaking: Trump has rabies
Saw this driving through Virginia. Thought you guys would enjoy.
You guys gotta read how those losers at The_Donald defend this POS. They are ignorant, deluded and outright pathetic. The lowest of the low.
Why does Donald constantly accuse Hillary of things Bill did while in office? Did she really have that much to do with his decisions?
The Donald Trump In These Allegations Is Not The Complete Monster I Married
Trump and Hillary had the time of their lives
Wow, I LOVED seeing Donny Boy channeling his inner Kim Jong-Un at the debate by threatening political imprisonment of his opponent! Stalin would be proud!
The problem with the "Bill did it too" argument
Damning Video Surfaces Of Trump Accepting GOP Nomination For President
Scott Adams' Blog - The Week I Became a Target
Fraud and The Election
'wah wah wah I cant lose' -the dump
Trump fails to understand cameras can see him
#DicksOutForDonald https://www.facebook.com/ybhsociety/
The Trumpty Dance
De Niro makes good on his promise.
Trump Urges Terminally Ill People To "Hang On" To Vote For Him
I have got to get me some of these.
Homeless woman guards Trumps Walk of Fame star
New poll shows Trump polling at 100 percent of local Klan chapters nationwide!
I voted
10th woman steps forward to say "I was raped by Donald Trump"; Trump now on pace to pass Bill Cosby's mark by end of 2017
Trump DESTROYED in final presidential debate; leaves debate stage humiliated, weeping. Will Donald survive until Election Day? Stay tuned.
Trump scores MAJOR endorsement of the American Nazi Party!!! Real opportunity for Donald Trump and White Nationalists to carry out their mutual goals!
Smash hit song by phenomenal musician and Trump supporter.
Trump Sniffing for 2 Minutes
Republicans concede Presidential Election
Kenny Bone!!
So it's all gone quiet here. The calm before the storm, or the sitting in disbelief? Can he still stand?
Someone Was Actually Arrested For In-Person Voter Fraud. She's A Trump Supporter.
Grab'em by; the art of Katie B Funk
I painted a Donald Trumpkin for you guys!
No one is talking about the latest wiki leaks dump on here yet?
Donald Trump dead at age 70
FUCK TRUMP
I'm still undecided on this election but I do find it funny that everyone on the left was talking about McCain's health the entire election and how he might not even live to see the inauguration. However, now once a person of the left is (possibly) Ill no one on the left wants to talk about it.
What's your response when someone says Trump is Hitler replacing Jews with Muslims?
Trainwreck
Paid trolls - proof from hillary memo
Wait.. this is news? I thought it was my favorite reality tv show!?
Trump: I Know That Was Pretty Bad, But Lets Just Say Youre Going To Want To Save Your Energy
Kim Jong Un is awesome
Best comeback in the history of politics
Did Billy Bush leak the "hot mic" Trump tape?
Explanation of the first Clinton-Trump debates from an economic perspective
The Clintons Serve Big Pharma, Not You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HAIod_6-wO4
Are posts being removed?
University Title Generator is featuring Trump University!
PROOF That Trump is a Frog
Donald Trump's daughter steps forward to say "Daddy grabbed me by the pussy and sat me on his lap as we sat on a statue of 2 parrots fucking."
Clinton Campaign appears to feed NBC's Andrea Mitchell questions via cell-phone
Donna Brazile denies giving Hillary debate question in advance
Hillary Clinton devastated after "pardon me" joke by Trump at Al Smith Dinner
Live at 3pm today C-SPAN. Cybersecurity and U.S. Voting Systems. ICIT hosts a discussion with cybersecurity industry representatives on vulnerabilities in U.S. voting systems
Donald Trump - Playboy - 8 Sexy Woman Trump Has Dated
Can Politicians hack into the election computers? Yes they can. A view by Cybersecurity Expert during interview on Fox News
my son is a cyber
Tomi Lahren, the Saint
Hillary Clinton Campaign Chair (Podesta) Leaks - examined
OCTOBER SURPRISE, BITCHES!
Humbling Realtalk
SuperGirl is a Hillary Shill. Can't stop the Don!
How elections are stolen
An analysis of the FBI's investigation into Hillary Clinton.
October Suprise again, bitches! LOL @ your weak "e-mailgate." This is how a real October surprise is done. Watch and learn from your betters
My lesbian aunt is convinced that Hillary and Huma are lesbian lovers.
One word
October 24th declared national "Report-a-Donald Trump-Rape Day"; THOUSANDS of women expected to come forward and compete for MILLIONS in prizes. Ladies, come forward and share your own Donald Trump rape story today! The nation thanks you for your courage.
Visit live-streams.us for a live stream of the rally + live tweets + chat!
Razing Hitler's House (Trump plans "pilgrimmage" to the Fuhrer's birthplace before it is torn down)
Donald Trump Running Insecure Email Servers
#trumpforboobs
The Donald isn't the first Presidential Candidate to use 'questionable' language on the campaign trail
RICKY VAUGHN TOP 150 ELECTION INFLUENCER BANNED PERMANENTLY FROM TWITTER
Actual audio from The Donald's rally.
Donald Trump just won a debate 3 vs. 1!
Fly photo bombs Clinton during tonight's debate!
Trump's New Poster
Election 2016
Hip Hop Version - Grab-Em By the Pussy RAP
#thuglife
An Indiana parade featured a float showing Donald Trump executing Hillary Clinton
A Veteran Spy Has Given the FBI Information Alleging a Russian Operation to Cultivate Donald Trump
Anybody wanna compile a list of Hildabeast violations?
My friend carved a "trumpkin"
If She Wasn't My Daughter, A poem by Donald Trump
Found Hillary in Skyrim Special Edition today! #DrainTheSwamp
MLG Donald Trump
Cybersecurity experts discuss the security of Americas electronic voting systems by breaking down vulnerabilities at the state, local and manufacturer level
MRW a porn star claims she turned down 10k and a private jet for sex
Just leaving this here to hang out.
Peanut butter vandal mistakes gathering for Trump rally
Donald Trump vs Hillary Clinton: a sentiment analysis on Twitter mentions
vote for who you think is winning the final debate!
MASSIVE TRUMP RALLY! ALL ABOARD THE TRUMP TRAIN!
Breaking: Ronna Removes Wendy Day From MIGOP Over Refusal To Back Trump
Great Wall, by New Folder
DRUDGE MIND F
Did Donald forget to take his meds? What is the explanation for his lunatic, mouth-foaming debacle at the debate? I haven't seen a slaughter that bad since I visited a pig farm!
Democracy: A system of government in which we do not throw our political opponents in Prison, or grab female voters by the pussies. Trump aligns himself with Putin, Kim Jong-Un, vows to create new axis of evil that would make Hitler-Stalin-Mussolini-Tojo alliance "mere child's play" by comparison.
Financial shecurity?
Pence out, Pepe the white Supremacist frog in as Trump running mate; "Even the rats are fleeing this sinking ship! Escape for your lives while you still can!" explained Pence, aghast after the Trump's unhinged performance at the second presidential debate
Anybody here?
Arkancide is the unfortunate habit of potential witnesses to the Clintons' dirty dealings in Arkansas suddenly deciding to shoot themselves twice in the back of the head.
Tim Cain wants to be like Trump.
Donald Trump Used Legally Dubious Method to Avoid Paying Taxes
Weiner's emails were planted by the Russians!...so says the libtards.
Chicago Tribune's John Kass: Democrats should ask Clinton to step aside
Radio Host DESTROYS Sexual Assault lies! We need every voter to hear this, please consider sharing #Trump2016
South Korean Shadow Cabal
VIDEO: How the Media is Deceiving You!
#TakeBackMyEarlyVote is trending on Twitter
Two words
Hackers can leverage lots of technical vulnerabilities to affect election results. But a coordinated attack would be tough, due to voting systems' fragmented nature.
Need help with school assignment related to Trump
According to Google, We're Obsessed with Donald Trump
American Patriots vs. the Globalist Neocons
Trump knows how to party
Trump sounded great on the radio in Cincinnati this morning (listen)
Null, calm your shit, you're making us look like speds again
Hopefully The Donald can put an end to this Docker madness! We can't have people from Assyria docking in our country! ISIS!
DONALD TRUMP TRIBUTE
Why doesn't Trump use some of the appalling statistics regarding incarceration rates during the Bill Clinton administration? Minorities bore the brunt of it. (See attached document)
Trump Pence 2016
Trump's Twitter debate lead was 'swelled by bots' - BBC News
So if Donald Trump wins the election, would it still have been rigged or not?
amen
This is what The Donald is going to do to Hillary in the polls
Stone cold should be the GOP nominee. It's all in the video. I want a winner. Not a "stunner"
The real Reason why Trump wants to keep out the Mexicans...
Hillary's globalism = The trickle-down version of Trump's America First plan
Trump presidency "means death for us all", say nation's top scientists
Study: 95 percent chance of human extinction during Trump presidency
MY LAST VID BEFORE THE ELECTION: SEVEN RADICAL DEMANDS FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP FROM THE ALT RIGHT
Make America Great Again!!!!
Clintons for Prison 2016
Trump announcement: "Nobody loves women more than I do. That's why I rape them by the dozen."
You poor bastards. You really do have to choose between a Clinton shit sandwich and a giant Donald douche. Good luck.
Just wanted to say thanks
Wot?
Local level smear campaign?
USA Land of Dreams. Or NOT?
What the intelligentsia know about our next president
Donald Trump couldn't have sexually assaulted all those women, because if he had, one of them would have revealed by now how long his penis is, a matter that was important enough that he brought it up during a presidential debate.
PAC Caught in Recordings Inciting Violence at Trump Rallies
ohhhhh Hillary...
Wikileaks exposes the Assassination of Scalia???
HIDDEN CAM: NYC Democratic Election Commissioner, "They Bus People Around to Vote"
Can't wait until Nov. 8 to cast your vote - wait no more! Tally your ticket as many times as you like right now!
The nice thing trump has to say about Hillary
Breaking: Pro-Trump Imam's Brother Kidnapped By Islamic State As He DESTROYS Obama+Hillary For Founding ISIS
BLIND MAN GOES HUNTING FOR JOSH PECK!!!!!
ran into this gem today
The left is...too dumb for words.
SURPRISE!!
I wonder who this could be...
99 percent chance of Hillary Clinton victory! Suck it, goons
10 Facts About Donald Trump | Donald Trump jr ,Donald Trump Father and more...
Final bets on how many states Trump will win?
Obama roasts Trump (starting at 1:25)
Having sex with Jabba the Candidate must be like having sex with Louis C.K.
DONALD TRUMP SAVES THE WHITE HOUSE!!!! :D:D:D
please respond anyone
The Chicago protesters?
Trump SURGE! HERE WE COME
Billy Bush fired from NBC for important job of morning show host; redneck high school drop outs continue to support Donald Trump for President
Trump shares bold new plan for the "Final Solution" to America's Mexican Problem: "My final solution will make Hitler's look like mere child's play by comparison, it's going to be terrific. If you liked Nazism, you're going to love this. "
From tonight's rally
Is voting for Trump treason against the human species? Discuss.
This Video Will Get Donald Trump Elected
Goodbye
BLATANT US FEDERAL LAW VIOLATION - RE: FAKE CRAIGSLIST POSTINGS
Confessions of a Paid Hillary Operative
how we can swing the election - a new argument and a new way
"Clinton Won't Support U.S. Ground Troops"
Quantum leap
Clinton's Corruption Level
It's all but over for Hillary now! Trump 2016!!!
Donald trump impersonator
TRUMP CAUGHT GRABBING A PUSSY.
My friend lost a bet.
When you want to grab dat puss, but she too busy f*cking America.
The Republicans should be renamed the New Trumpublicans! who is with me?
The Trump Wall.
CAll To ACTION!!! PUMP 4 TRUMP!!! (Wiz Army Black Ops)
Who's going to pay for the wall? MEXICO!
Dont Be a Sucker 1947 Civil Defense Film (obscuremedia xpost)
Love trolling Hillary supporters.
Hilary bleaching her servers and Donald making America great again. (X-post from r/pics)
Liberal Plot: Reserve rooms then Cancel, order goods then return. Coordinated "flash mob" type DDOS.
PC Game Carmageddon has a Donald Trump Killer mode
lets now forget how based howard stern is for not releasing old audio clips that would just cause confusion
Here are a few fact about the Republican Nominee, Donald Trump and a brief insight into his life prior to becoming the candidate for the 2016 US Presidential election.
Megyn Kelly... maybe not so bad? She's kicking some Clintonian ass here...
Tomi Lahren, the Barbie Doll
When my pumpkin carving becomes art
Trump is an utter asshole.
2016 Election as predicted by HAPPY GILMORE
what's a good bug out country if hillary becomes president?
You're the puppet
EBOLA OUTBREAK REFUGEE DIES U.S. AIRPORT VOMITING BLOOD MEDIA COVER UP OCTOBER 2016
Is Trump Mormon?
Trump publishes new book on eve of election "Donald J. Trump's OFFICIAL guide to Not paying taxes for YEARS (IT'S GENIUS!): A Trumpian Primer on stealing from the poor"
I want a president that loves pussy, not one that is one, or has one!!
Today I became a trump supporter after reach front page of reddit.
As an ex-bernie supporter...
Vote on this Twitter Poll & Keep Donald Trump in the lead, #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Big state?
Trump to be honored at upcoming World Rapist Convention along with Bill Cosby, "Wow, what a bigly honor!" says Trump
Have you cut ties with someone (friend/family member) this election because they're a Clinton supporter?
TRUMP IS DA BEST GO TRUMP
Fight Fraud: Lets Have An Organized Pre Election Vote
This video will put Donald Trump in jail! MUST WATCH!
Proud to be a "Deplorable" stuck in a basket.
Trump to Media: Ask Hillary Why She Didn't "Turn In" Donna Brazile
"Make America Scared Again", homeowner creates Anti-Tump halloween display in front yard.
PSA from Trae Crowder pleading to his fellow rednecks to think about The Donald
It's All But Official: Donald Trump Won't Release His Tax Returns
Trump Telling It Like It Is - He really TRUMPS THAT BITCH
I got downvoted to oblivion for a comment after the debate last night.
my new flag for my truck, needless to say the Mexicans next door... actually came out and said they love it!
What are we gonna do about Hillary hiring the gestapo?
tabs vs spaces
Praise Our Savior
Umm
Why this millennial, small business owner is voting for Trump.
Trump introduces new campaign slogan after the failure of "MAGA": "You may not love me, but you will fear me. I am the Lord of the Trumps"
This is a BIG LEAGUE movement. We won't go down without a fight!
Unedited Hillary Clinton - Vote For Me Because I'm A Woman
Trump booted a black man from his rally and called him a thug. Turns out he is a supporter. - The Washington Post
On this halloween day, The Donald gets to meet his spiritual father
let's face it : most internet people behind trump are unfit for society even if they are young white males
Trump will win
Recent studies show Hillary is an actual walking cunt
Florida GOP leaders outraged by Trump tape: but can we talk about why NOBODY seems to care about the numerous crimes and horrible things Hillary has done? What the hell is happening?
Well-written pro-Trump article
Don't vote this election!
It's time to un-cuck, Trump supporters
Pope endorses Trump
Thanks Nicholas for pointing out another Clinton FAILURE.
HRC transcript of paid speeches to Wall Street. She really is as crooked as we thought.
FUCK TRUMP
Trump scores MAJOR endorsement of the American Nazi Party!!! Real opportunity for Donald Trump and White Nationalists to carry out their mutual goals!
Trump Pence 2016
Donald Trump's daughter steps forward to say "Daddy grabbed me by the pussy and sat me on his lap as we sat on a statue of 2 parrots fucking."
OCTOBER SURPRISE, BITCHES!
New poll shows Trump polling at 100 percent of local Klan chapters nationwide!
Trump DESTROYED in final presidential debate; leaves debate stage humiliated, weeping. Will Donald survive until Election Day? Stay tuned.
Arkancide is the unfortunate habit of potential witnesses to the Clintons' dirty dealings in Arkansas suddenly deciding to shoot themselves twice in the back of the head.
Did Donald forget to take his meds? What is the explanation for his lunatic, mouth-foaming debacle at the debate? I haven't seen a slaughter that bad since I visited a pig farm!
Watch "Rigging the Election - Video II: Mass Voter Fraud" on YouTube
Trump is an utter asshole.
The Clintons Serve Big Pharma, Not You
Tim Cain wants to be like Trump.
My lesbian aunt is convinced that Hillary and Huma are lesbian lovers.
Someone Was Actually Arrested For In-Person Voter Fraud. She's A Trump Supporter.
Donald Trump dead at age 70
Chicago Tribune's John Kass: Democrats should ask Clinton to step aside
amen
The Donald isn't the first Presidential Candidate to use 'questionable' language on the campaign trail
I want a president that loves pussy, not one that is one, or has one!!
Is voting for Trump treason against the human species? Discuss.
Sad angry white people
You poor bastards. You really do have to choose between a Clinton shit sandwich and a giant Donald douche. Good luck.
Obama roasts Trump (starting at 1:25)
Kim Jong Un is awesome
Best comeback in the history of politics
October 24th declared national "Report-a-Donald Trump-Rape Day"; THOUSANDS of women expected to come forward and compete for MILLIONS in prizes. Ladies, come forward and share your own Donald Trump rape story today! The nation thanks you for your courage.
So if Donald Trump wins the election, would it still have been rigged or not?
My friend carved a "trumpkin"
MRW a porn star claims she turned down 10k and a private jet for sex
Just leaving this here to hang out.
DRUDGE MIND F
Clintons for Prison 2016
Wikileaks exposes the Assassination of Scalia???
Weiner's emails were planted by the Russians!...so says the libtards.
Why doesn't Trump use some of the appalling statistics regarding incarceration rates during the Bill Clinton administration? Minorities bore the brunt of it. (See attached document)
Trump announcement: "Nobody loves women more than I do. That's why I rape them by the dozen."
99 percent chance of Hillary Clinton victory! Suck it, goons
TRUMP CAUGHT GRABBING A PUSSY.
VIDEO: How the Media is Deceiving You!
#TakeBackMyEarlyVote is trending on Twitter
Donald Trump just won a debate 3 vs. 1!
Election 2016
Donald Trump - Playboy - 8 Sexy Woman Trump Has Dated
Donald Trump couldn't have sexually assaulted all those women, because if he had, one of them would have revealed by now how long his penis is, a matter that was important enough that he brought it up during a presidential debate.
Hillary Clinton Campaign Chair (Podesta) Leaks - examined
HIDDEN CAM: NYC Democratic Election Commissioner, "They Bus People Around to Vote"
Breaking: Pro-Trump Imam's Brother Kidnapped By Islamic State As He DESTROYS Obama+Hillary For Founding ISIS
Who's going to pay for the wall? MEXICO!
It's all but over for Hillary now! Trump 2016!!!
'Not a puppet, not a puppet, you're the puppet!" Trump embarrasses himself by acting like an uncreative schoolboy at final debate, walks off stage with head hung in shame
Found Hillary in Skyrim Special Edition today! #DrainTheSwamp
vote for who you think is winning the final debate!
Anybody here?
The Donald Trump In These Allegations Is Not The Complete Monster I Married
'wah wah wah I cant lose' -the dump
Radio Host DESTROYS Sexual Assault lies! We need every voter to hear this, please consider sharing #Trump2016
One word
Trump's Twitter debate lead was 'swelled by bots' - BBC News
An Indiana parade featured a float showing Donald Trump executing Hillary Clinton
Paid trolls - proof from hillary memo
Billy Bush fired from NBC for important job of morning show host; redneck high school drop outs continue to support Donald Trump for President
This Video Will Get Donald Trump Elected
PAC Caught in Recordings Inciting Violence at Trump Rallies
my son is a cyber
Why is Trump lying about meeting Putin?
4 minutes in ; OMGOMGOMG Trump is already flustered and doing incredible evasion. Laughable.
Well-written pro-Trump article
When my pumpkin carving becomes art
Regardless who you're voting for this video is disturbing and shows fraud
I voted
No one is talking about the latest wiki leaks dump on here yet?
I'm still undecided on this election but I do find it funny that everyone on the left was talking about McCain's health the entire election and how he might not even live to see the inauguration. However, now once a person of the left is (possibly) Ill no one on the left wants to talk about it.
Shit Trump Supporters Say...
Trump to be honored at upcoming World Rapist Convention along with Bill Cosby, "Wow, what a bigly honor!" says Trump
Having sex with Jabba the Candidate must be like having sex with Louis C.K.
Wait.. this is news? I thought it was my favorite reality tv show!?
Explanation of the first Clinton-Trump debates from an economic perspective
Cybersecurity experts discuss the security of Americas electronic voting systems by breaking down vulnerabilities at the state, local and manufacturer level
MASSIVE TRUMP RALLY! ALL ABOARD THE TRUMP TRAIN!
Trump odds fall below 10 percent, sorry guys!
Pence out, Pepe the white Supremacist frog in as Trump running mate; "Even the rats are fleeing this sinking ship! Escape for your lives while you still can!" explained Pence, aghast after the Trump's unhinged performance at the second presidential debate
Hillary Clinton devastated after "pardon me" joke by Trump at Al Smith Dinner
Null, calm your shit, you're making us look like speds again
Razing Hitler's House (Trump plans "pilgrimmage" to the Fuhrer's birthplace before it is torn down)
Donald Trump Running Insecure Email Servers
#trumpforboobs
Trump's New Poster
ISIS withdraws Donald Trump endorsement after seeing Trump sex tape: "We can no longer in good conscience endorse this depraved man."
Bill Clinton recieves 1 million USD from Qatar as a Birthday present. MEDIA IS SILENT.
Trump and Hillary had the time of their lives
Clinton's Corruption Level
let's face it : most internet people behind trump are unfit for society even if they are young white males
Grab em by the P*ssy - New Campaign Song
Yall are done you know that right?
Here are a few fact about the Republican Nominee, Donald Trump and a brief insight into his life prior to becoming the candidate for the 2016 US Presidential election.
Fraud and The Election
Trump fails to understand cameras can see him
I have got to get me some of these.
I wonder who this could be...
Final bets on how many states Trump will win?
Trump shares bold new plan for the "Final Solution" to America's Mexican Problem: "My final solution will make Hitler's look like mere child's play by comparison, it's going to be terrific. If you liked Nazism, you're going to love this. "
Trump: I Know That Was Pretty Bad, But Lets Just Say Youre Going To Want To Save Your Energy
Homeless woman guards Trumps Walk of Fame star
10th woman steps forward to say "I was raped by Donald Trump"; Trump now on pace to pass Bill Cosby's mark by end of 2017
Trump Sniffing for 2 Minutes
Just wanted to say thanks
Wot?
Clinton Campaign appears to feed NBC's Andrea Mitchell questions via cell-phone
Donna Brazile denies giving Hillary debate question in advance
ohhhhh Hillary...
As an ex-bernie supporter...
Don't vote this election!
Are you doing your part to Grab America By The Pussy?
It's time to un-cuck, Trump supporters
I painted a Donald Trumpkin for you guys!
Donald Trump Used Legally Dubious Method to Avoid Paying Taxes
South Korean Shadow Cabal
Hackers can leverage lots of technical vulnerabilities to affect election results. But a coordinated attack would be tough, due to voting systems' fragmented nature.
Trump knows how to party
This is what The Donald is going to do to Hillary in the polls
Stone cold should be the GOP nominee. It's all in the video. I want a winner. Not a "stunner"
Hillary's globalism = The trickle-down version of Trump's America First plan
#thuglife
Is Trump Mormon?
Saw this driving through Virginia. Thought you guys would enjoy.
A Veteran Spy Has Given the FBI Information Alleging a Russian Operation to Cultivate Donald Trump
Anybody wanna compile a list of Hildabeast violations?
Peanut butter vandal mistakes gathering for Trump rally
Breaking: Ronna Removes Wendy Day From MIGOP Over Refusal To Back Trump
Great Wall, by New Folder
Democracy: A system of government in which we do not throw our political opponents in Prison, or grab female voters by the pussies. Trump aligns himself with Putin, Kim Jong-Un, vows to create new axis of evil that would make Hitler-Stalin-Mussolini-Tojo alliance "mere child's play" by comparison.
Goodbye
This is why Donny sill save us
Dont Be a Sucker 1947 Civil Defense Film (obscuremedia xpost)
So it's all gone quiet here. The calm before the storm, or the sitting in disbelief? Can he still stand?
Trump concedes Election: "Go home, folks. It's over. We lost."
Game over, Trump-heads!
Obamacare plan 2017 - $1800/month BCBS. ! Vote !!!!!
You guys gotta read how those losers at The_Donald defend this POS. They are ignorant, deluded and outright pathetic. The lowest of the low.
WikiLeaks CONFIRMS Hillary Sold Weapons to ISIS - AMERICAN FANS enjoy while visiting us
Trump publishes new book on eve of election "Donald J. Trump's OFFICIAL guide to Not paying taxes for YEARS (IT'S GENIUS!): A Trumpian Primer on stealing from the poor"
Trump presidency "means death for us all", say nation's top scientists
Are posts being removed?
Can Politicians hack into the election computers? Yes they can. A view by Cybersecurity Expert during interview on Fox News
The nice thing trump has to say about Hillary
Grab'em by; the art of Katie B Funk
Quantum leap
Donald trump impersonator
What's your response when someone says Trump is Hitler replacing Jews with Muslims?
Why this millennial, small business owner is voting for Trump.
Bad Hombres
Proud to be a "Deplorable" stuck in a basket.
Trump booted a black man from his rally and called him a thug. Turns out he is a supporter. - The Washington Post
CAll To ACTION!!! PUMP 4 TRUMP!!! (Wiz Army Black Ops)
Love trolling Hillary supporters.
Smash hit song by phenomenal musician and Trump supporter.
#MakeGrabbingPussyGreatAgain
Trump Telling It Like It Is - He really TRUMPS THAT BITCH
Trump!!!
The left is...too dumb for words.
SURPRISE!!
DONALD TRUMP SAVES THE WHITE HOUSE!!!! :D:D:D
When youre a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. Grab them by the pussy. You can do anything.
An analysis of the FBI's investigation into Hillary Clinton.
Two words
Trump sounded great on the radio in Cincinnati this morning (listen)
Hopefully The Donald can put an end to this Docker madness! We can't have people from Assyria docking in our country! ISIS!
Visit live-streams.us for a live stream of the rally + live tweets + chat!
The real Reason why Trump wants to keep out the Mexicans...
RICKY VAUGHN TOP 150 ELECTION INFLUENCER BANNED PERMANENTLY FROM TWITTER
Fly photo bombs Clinton during tonight's debate!
Hip Hop Version - Grab-Em By the Pussy RAP
Found on Bill Clinton's Pornmaster5000
Liberal Plot: Reserve rooms then Cancel, order goods then return. Coordinated "flash mob" type DDOS.
Tomi Lahren, the Barbie Doll
what's a good bug out country if hillary becomes president?
You're the puppet
#DicksOutForDonald https://www.facebook.com/ybhsociety/
Today I became a trump supporter after reach front page of reddit.
Trump Complains Entire Personality Rigged Against Him
how we can swing the election - a new argument and a new way
Trainwreck
The Republicans should be renamed the New Trumpublicans! who is with me?
The Trump Wall.
Trump recorded saying "You can grab them by the pussy, you can do anything you want when you're a star" in 2005 hot mic
TRUMP IS DA BEST GO TRUMP
Why does Donald constantly accuse Hillary of things Bill did while in office? Did she really have that much to do with his decisions?
Wow, I LOVED seeing Donny Boy channeling his inner Kim Jong-Un at the debate by threatening political imprisonment of his opponent! Stalin would be proud!
What should we all do if/when Trump loses? Join the Klan? Any other ideas for like-minded organizations we could join to keep the Trump White Power Revolution alive? Thanks for your help, friends!
On this halloween day, The Donald gets to meet his spiritual father
Richard Branson Meeting Donald Trump
Trump can "do anything" to women. An example for us all!
Breaking: Trump has rabies
Praise Our Savior
Republicans concede Presidential Election
Donald Trump is a whiny little bitch.
Study: 95 percent chance of human extinction during Trump presidency
MY LAST VID BEFORE THE ELECTION: SEVEN RADICAL DEMANDS FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP FROM THE ALT RIGHT
Make America Great Again!!!!
Local level smear campaign?
What the intelligentsia know about our next president
Can't wait until Nov. 8 to cast your vote - wait no more! Tally your ticket as many times as you like right now!
BLIND MAN GOES HUNTING FOR JOSH PECK!!!!!
OT: Why can't Donny Trump afford suits that fit him? Trump at the suit store: "Give me the biggest suit you have!"
Bill Cosby: "Donald Trump taught me everything I know about rape."
Revised Trump campaign announcement
lets now forget how based howard stern is for not releasing old audio clips that would just cause confusion
The Trumpty Dance
Pope endorses Trump
Trump campaign updates logo after latest revelation
10 Facts About Donald Trump | Donald Trump jr ,Donald Trump Father and more...
Trump SURGE! HERE WE COME
From tonight's rally
Did Billy Bush leak the "hot mic" Trump tape?
The problem with the "Bill did it too" argument
"You can grab them by the pussy, you can do anything "
"Make America Scared Again", homeowner creates Anti-Tump halloween display in front yard.
It's All But Official: Donald Trump Won't Release His Tax Returns
my new flag for my truck, needless to say the Mexicans next door... actually came out and said they love it!
What are we gonna do about Hillary hiring the gestapo?
Florida GOP leaders outraged by Trump tape: but can we talk about why NOBODY seems to care about the numerous crimes and horrible things Hillary has done? What the hell is happening?
Make America grab again
Presidential Nominee Quote
BLATANT US FEDERAL LAW VIOLATION - RE: FAKE CRAIGSLIST POSTINGS
Confessions of a Paid Hillary Operative
MLG Donald Trump
Donald Trump vs Hillary Clinton: a sentiment analysis on Twitter mentions
"Clinton Won't Support U.S. Ground Troops"
Financial shecurity?
GOP: Grabbing Occasional Pussy
Trump account in Russian Alfa Bank.
Grab them by the pussy, Trump says. You can do anything.
Donald Trump Makes History With Zero Major Newspaper Endorsements
Hilary bleaching her servers and Donald making America great again. (X-post from r/pics)
Megyn Kelly... maybe not so bad? She's kicking some Clintonian ass here...
HRC transcript of paid speeches to Wall Street. She really is as crooked as we thought.
Trump will win
Recent studies show Hillary is an actual walking cunt
October Suprise again, bitches! LOL @ your weak "e-mailgate." This is how a real October surprise is done. Watch and learn from your betters
Need help with school assignment related to Trump
According to Google, We're Obsessed with Donald Trump
American Patriots vs. the Globalist Neocons
DONALD TRUMP TRIBUTE
Vote on this Twitter Poll & Keep Donald Trump in the lead, #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Big state?
Scott Adams' Blog - The Week I Became a Target
Soviet Russia knows how to party
Thanks Nicholas for pointing out another Clinton FAILURE.
Trump to Media: Ask Hillary Why She Didn't "Turn In" Donna Brazile
PSA from Trae Crowder pleading to his fellow rednecks to think about The Donald
tabs vs spaces
What do you guys think of my new visual novel?
Umm
Trump introduces new campaign slogan after the failure of "MAGA": "You may not love me, but you will fear me. I am the Lord of the Trumps"
This is a BIG LEAGUE movement. We won't go down without a fight!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HAIod_6-wO4
University Title Generator is featuring Trump University!
PROOF That Trump is a Frog
USA Land of Dreams. Or NOT?
Tomi Lahren, the Saint
Humbling Realtalk
This Donald just swoops in and literally takes married women against their will in the same manner as r/thedonald accuses immigrants for.
ran into this gem today
please respond anyone
The Chicago protesters?
My friend lost a bet.
When you want to grab dat puss, but she too busy f*cking America.
Trump halts big-money fundraising, cutting off cash to the party
Kenny Bone!!
PC Game Carmageddon has a Donald Trump Killer mode
2016 Election as predicted by HAPPY GILMORE
EBOLA OUTBREAK REFUGEE DIES U.S. AIRPORT VOMITING BLOOD MEDIA COVER UP OCTOBER 2016
De Niro makes good on his promise.
Trump Urges Terminally Ill People To "Hang On" To Vote For Him
Hahahahaahahaha
Have you cut ties with someone (friend/family member) this election because they're a Clinton supporter?
Fight Fraud: Lets Have An Organized Pre Election Vote
Damning Video Surfaces Of Trump Accepting GOP Nomination For President
This video will put Donald Trump in jail! MUST WATCH!
I got downvoted to oblivion for a comment after the debate last night.
Unedited Hillary Clinton - Vote For Me Because I'm A Woman
SuperGirl is a Hillary Shill. Can't stop the Don!
How elections are stolen
Live at 3pm today C-SPAN. Cybersecurity and U.S. Voting Systems. ICIT hosts a discussion with cybersecurity industry representatives on vulnerabilities in U.S. voting systems
Actual audio from The Donald's rally.
My favorite Trump joke that increasingly become more relevant.
P*ssy again.
11 months ago, Martin O'Malley called out the DNC for rigging the primary against Bernie Sanders and himself.
Sanders to push a plan to ban private companies from running prisons
The campaign for Bernie Sanders must continue until the convention.
Maine Democratic Party Abolishes Superdelegates
BREAKING NEWS: Leaked DNC Documents Show Plans To Reward Big Donors With Federal Appointments, Violating Laws 18 U.S.C.  599 & 600
Bull | Bernie Sanders -- The campaign just rolled out a new 30 second ad for Arizona. Let's give it our signature SandersForPresident Bump!
I am delighted that @realDonaldTrump has agreed to debate. Lets do it in the biggest stadium possible.
" #DNCLeak: DNC Instructs Staff to Covertly Spread Article Depicting @SenSander's Supporters as Violent https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/9423 #FeelTheBern "
Who's On Track For The Nomination? | Hillary started at 128% of the delegate target in the race (out of IA) and has been LOSING ground steadily. 120% after the first four, 113% after Super Tuesday, and now 108%. A MAJORITY of states are yet to come! Dont believe the media! We can do this!
Bernie Sanders: Kid gets caught with marijuana, that kid has a police record. A wallstreet executive destroys the economy, 5 billion dollar settlement with the government, no criminal record. That is what power is about, that is what corruption is about and that is what needs to change in America.
Hillary turned on a static noise machine so reporters couldn't hear what she was telling donors at a fundraiser
"Game on. I look forward to debating Donald Trump in California before the June 7 primary."
Election Justice USA finds that Bernie Sanders lost an estimated 184 delegates to Election Fraud (full report)
Robert Reich on Facebook: "Hillary Clinton is clearly the most qualified candidate to become president of the political system we now have. Bernie Sanders is clearly the most qualified candidate to create the political system we should have."
Motion passing through NY Assembly to make NY Primary an Open primary which permits persons registered to vote, but not enrolled in a party, to vote
Nevada Democratic Convention - This is what democracy looks like after you illegally adjourn a convention and try to silence the people's voices.
MSNBC's Mika Brzezinski Calls For DNC Chair To Step Down For Bias Against Sanders
Chicago Board of Elections audits Chicago votes. In one precinct the actual tally was 56.7% in Bernie's favor. After count was manipulated by machine he lost with 47.5% of vote. A whopping 18.4% swing. (video)
Hillary pushed the Panama trade deal while Bernie was one of only 22 senators to vote against it. Can we work together to make this an issue in the days between Wisconsin and the New York debate?
"You should be willing to debate anytime anywhere"
@BernieSanders on Twitter: "You should be willing to debate anytime, anywhere." - Hillary Clinton in 2008
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "We need to make Election Day a federal holiday to increase voters ability to participate."
Jane Sanders: @TulsiGabbard showed her integrity when she chose to resign as DNC vice-chair to openly support @BernieSanders & not pretend to be neutral.
Politico Exposes Clinton Campaign Money Laundering Scheme
"Bernie Sanders is a thermostat...Hillary is a thermometer." Dr. West for press secretary.
Bernie Sanders: Audit the Department of Defense, contractors wasting money while soldiers are on food stamps.
BREAKING: NV Dem convention in chaos as Bernie supporters claim party officials are inflating HRC delegate numbers.
Bernie opposed the 2011 Panama Free Trade Agreement because he was worried it would increasingly allow wealthy Americans and large corporations to evade U.S. taxes by stashing their cash in offshore tax havens. Now with the release of the Panama Papers it appears he was right.
Bernie Sanders Presses Hillary Clinton To Demand DNC Keep Ban On Lobbyist Cash
Corrupt Debbie Wasserman Schultz names 75 members of Democratic conventions key committees (rules, credentials and platform) and accepted only THREE of Bernies choices. So much for influencing the party platform.
Clinton Campaign Accuses Sanders of Trying to Win Nomination - The New Yorker
Biden sides with Bernie; says he prefers Sanders big ideas to grow Dem party
Leaked DNC Documents Show Plans To Reward Big Donors With Federal Appointments
It's strange and undemocratic that 450 superdelegates backed Clinton even before we got into the race. Thats not democracy. Thats the establishment defending its own interests | Bernie Sanders
Sanders campaign accuses DNC and Clinton campaign of breaking campaign finance law
The DNC Just Declared War on Bernie Sanders Political Revolution
Yesterday, Trump took to Twitter and called Bernie Sanders a liar for stating that Donald has said that American wages are too high. Here is a video of Donald Trump himself saying that he thinks wages are too high. Do not let anyone forget.
Bernie Sanders on Facebook: The New York Times disclosed today that in a meeting held in a large Wall Street investor's office, big money donors instructed Secretary Hillary Clinton's campaign manager Robby Mook to go after Sen. Bernie Sanders for offering so-called unrealistic proposals.
So far there is a media black out pertaining to last night NV 3rd Dem Caucus shenanigans. We need to all start pushing it hard on social media.
Now that Clinton has decided urgent campaigning in California is necessary, Bernie must ask her why she refuses to debate.
Sanders wins West Virginia.
Bernie Sanders has won by the biggest margin in non-incumbent NH Democratic primaries since JFK
Chicago police officers carry protester Bernie Sanders, 21 years old, in August 1963 to a police wagon from a civil-rights demonstration.
Bernie speaking about Panama tax evasion in a letter to President Obama (2011)
Media Moves to Silence Bernie Sanders Campaign, Fox News, CNN and MSNBC broadcasted all but Bernie's speech on Tuesday night
Made a GIF of the Killer Mike video on Colbert. Can't make a donation right now, but I hope this helps.
Sanders passes Clinton in new California poll 44-43
Sanders to Release Tax Returns, Clinton Won't Commit to Releasing Paid Speeches
BREAKING: Bernie Sanders wins the Democratic presidential primary in Michigan
Bernie Sanders: 'If We Can Rebuild Villages in Iraq, We Can Damn Well Rebuild Flint, Michigan'
"Good for Bernie. The DNC is nothing more than an arm for the Clinton Campaign."@JimWebbUSA
The New York Times just strongly advocated for President Obama and Congress "to seriously consider the kind of legislation Mr. Sanders has proposed" in regards to legalizing marijuana at the federal level.
Sanders: superdelegate system must be abolished at national level
"We now have driven (health care) costs down to the lowest they've been in 50 years."Hillary Clinton. Politifact rating: FALSE
Good evening, reddit. Im Tim Canova, running against Debbie Wasserman Schultz for her Congressional seat. Im back for my second AMA!
Bernie Sanders now leads Hillary Clinton by 14 points in New Hampshire
ARIZONA! Spread this like wildfire: there's a public court hearing about Election Fraud TOMORROW.
These released emails don't "suggest" that the DNC conspired against Bernie's campaign, they PROVE it.
Tulsi Gabbard launches petition to end Democratic Party superdelegate process
Clinton says she "will crack down on companies that shift profits overseas to avoid paying their fair share in U.S. taxes." The Panama Papers show two of her biggest donors are doing just that. How can we trust she will rein them in as they donate by the millions? Join me and donate to Bernie.
"Why Im Supporting Bernie Sanders" by Senator Jeff Merkley of Oregon. Senator Merkley is now Senator Sanders' first Senate endorsement!
This sub needs a bucket of cold water thrown in its face.
Sanders upsets Clinton in Indiana
Alaska Democratic Caucus passes resolution to get rid of super delegates
New Hampshire, June 2015,
Tulsi Gabbard Nominates Bernie Sanders To Be President Of The United States of America
"I believe that by the year 2000 we will have a single payer system,... I don't even think it's a close call politically... if it's not successful the first time, it will eventually be." H R Clinton 1994
KANSAS, LOUISIANA, NEBRASKA, MAINE, MICHIGAN, MISSISSIPPI, OHIO, ILLINOIS, NORTH CAROLINA, FLORIDA, ARIZONA, and DEMOCRATS ABROAD. Youre up to bat for the revolution.
Phoenix mayor seeks federal probe of election
Biden praises Sanders on income inequality, calls Clinton 'relatively new' to the fight
New poll has Sanders favorability at a new high of 60%, 12% above Clinton.
Media Silent as Bernie Sanders Packs California Stadium Beyond Capacity (PHOTOS)
Bernie pays his way
MA Sanders Voters File Suit Against Bill Clinton for Campaigning Inside Polling Stations
"If the DNC doesn't reverse its decision to give the Sanders campaign access to its voter file data again, I am ready to resign my post as a Democratic National Committeewoman from Maryland in protest..."Heather Mizeur
Young folks, you are Bernie's only hope. The campaign needs to organize an unprecedented voter registration drive on ALL college campuses in the remaining states.
Hillary Receives Massive Boos for Refusing to Release Goldman Sach Transcripts
@DavidSirota on Twitter: "JUST IN: Sanders demands DNC reinstate Obama ban on lobbyist cash & calls on Clinton to join him in pressing the DNC"
"Two hours after polls are meant to open in #Brooklyn and our polling place isn't ready."
NYTimes no longer includes superdelegates in the final delegate count
Hillary's campaign want the transcripts to disappear. So let's echo Bernie's message about money in politics and keep talking about them every day. #ReleaseTheTranscripts
Sanders Challenges Clinton to Debate in New York
BREAKING NEWS : We did it! 564 yays and 246 nays!!!! The Washington state delegates are now endorsing Bernie Sanders as presidential candidate
Bernie Sanders calls for constitutional amendment to guarantee 100% voter registration: "...everybody in America who has 18 years of age or older is registered to vote, end of discussion.
Bernie just called for Hillary to release the transcripts again!
New California polls shows newly registered voters flocking to Sanders
Hillary, It's Time To Live Up To Your Own Terms And Release Those Transcripts. Let's Put The Pressure On Her! #ReleaseTheTranscripts
Bernie Sanders says Hillary Clinton 'insulting' California voters by not debating
Des Moines Register: "Something smells fishy in the Democratic Party." Iowa's largest and most influential newspaper publicly demands a recount of the Iowa caucuses, something currently being resisted by the pro-Hillary leader of the state's Democratic Party.
Video Brooklyn NY - All machines in my voting location are "BROKEN". They are giving out affidavits.
Voters deserve to be told about the criminal record of Bernie Sanders
Push back on the narrative that New York is Hillary's "home" state. Bernie was born and raised in Brooklyn. Bernie is not the "away" team.
Sanders just stopped his motorcade in Brooklyn and he is walking to join picket line of Verizon Workers! MSNBC is broadcasting live!!!
The DNC was encouraging an anti-Sanders and pro-Clinton narrative. It is not disputable that the system was rigged against Bernie. He was a nobody who got 45% of the vote with everyone against him except the people. He deserves the democratic nomination. I will not vote for Hillary in the general.
Hillary Drops 15 Points in New Emerson NY Poll. Bernie Gaining in all NY Polls!
Bernie Sanders puts Wall Street on notice: On day one, I am appointing a special committee to investigate the crimes on Wall Street.
We are endorsing Tim Canova, who is running in the Florida democratic primary against Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, and we ask that you chip in and support his campaign.
Just minutes before Hillary Clinton flip flops on calling for Gov. Snyder to resign, her press secretary criticizes Bernie Sanders for calling for his resignation.
Bill Maher on Twitter: "Wyoming makes 9 outta 10 for Bernie. Hillary says if only he'd stop winning elections, people wld see how unelectable he is!"
Sanders Statement on Nevada state convention
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "I've been criticized for my big ideas. You know what wasn't too pie-in-the-sky for my opponent? $700 billion to bailout Wall Street in 2008."
Before Sanderss mayoral victory, Leahy says, it was easy not to take him seriously. Then he got over that barrier, and got elected. He fixed the streets, filled the potholes, worked with the business community. He did what serious leaders do. He was re-elected three times. (NYTimes, 2007)
'Mr. Trump, What Are You Afraid Of?' Sanders Responds After Donald Backs From Debate
Bernie Sanders to Colbert: Electing me is a win-win  Id be president and Bill OReilly would leave US
Since neither Bernie Sanders nor the FBI decided to investigate the Clinton Foundation my husband and I decided to join a group that took up the task as volunteer investigators and found over 20 Hatch Act violations, racketeering, and money laundering. Here is what we found so far;
"To Bernie Sanders with thanks for your commitment to real health care access for all Americans..."-@HillaryClinton
Sanders refuses to quit presidential race with 1,900 Bernie delegates attending DNC
Now that we know Clinton is flaking out on the CA debate, let's raise the stakes: Get #SandersTrumpDebate trending and let Bernie show his potential strength in the general election
Massive Online Backlash After Planned Parenthood Endorses Hillary Clinton - Former Planned Parenthood donors are now sending their money to Bernie Sanders
Sanders welcomes invitation to debate Hillary Clinton in California
Obama: Sanders is 'correct' on need to break up big banks
Jordan on Twitter: "BREAKING: 80% of affidavit ballots for #NYPrimary in Nassau County and Suffolk County New York rejected; @Elect_Justice not given a reason"
[NEW
Clinton Advisor: Hillary will not oppose the TPP
TIL that British media is not allowed to report on the details of a poll/election while it's happening to preserve impartiality of political coverage. We NEED this law in the US.
Iowa Democratic Presidential Caucus Preference - Sanders 47% - Clinton 44%
45,000 people die every year due lack of access to healthcare and the Democrats don't think the single-payer option is a pressing issue and refused to add it to their platform. But 8900 homicides by guns last year and they stage a sit in at the capital.
Sanders: Two-party system holds back competition: "I chose to run proudly in the Democratic primary and caucus and look forward to winning that process. But clearly, as a nation, I think we flourish when there are different ideas out there"
Bernie is not leading Clinton in Iowa.
Bernie's tax forms. He and Jane have a combined income of $156k a year.
Bernie Sanders To Introduce Legislation Abolishing Private Prisons
The bill that helped deregulate Wall Street, the CFMA, the one that Bernie Sanders was forced to vote for because it was snuck into a bill to prevent govt shutdown at 11th hour. The vote that Hillary hit him for at the debate...HRC campaign Chief Campaign Officer Gary Gensler helped write it.
Report: Sanders earned less in a year than Clinton in a single speech
"The African-American community lost half of their wealth as a result of the Wall Street collapse." - Bernie Sanders - Rated True by Politifact
Sanders Campaign Manager Jeff Weaver - "In the process of this lawsuit, using legal discovery, we will get access to all the internal communications of the DNC. We can demonstrate [that
Clinton campaign: Future debates depend upon Sanders' tone
Bernie's campaign is fizzling, only attracts 21,000 people to rally in Sacramento
DNC is taking away people's Bernie Sanders signs right now.
In today's America, 8 stitches just cost me $865.50 - and I have health insurance through my employer. In today's America, my friend literally killed himself trying to work to pay of his family's medical bills - and he had insurance as well. Enough is enough.
Bernie Sanders plans short hiatus from New York campaign trail to speak at the Vatican
Bernie is STILL not on the ballot in: Delaware, Montana, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island. If you live in these states, sign his petition for ballot access. They're worth 381 (~9.41%) delegates!
Sanders raised $3M in 24 hours, his biggest single day yet
Fox News Poll: Clinton 'feels the Bern,' trails Sanders by three points nationally
The fact remains that Hillary Clintons lead will never be as large as it is right now. From here on out we keep chipping away until we take the lead. But that can only happen if we keep fighting, and thats why your contribution to our campaign is so important. - Bernie Sanders
A Vietnam Vet friend of mine replies to someone bashing Bernie for being a conscientious objector to the war.
Bernie needs to respond to the "Panama Papers" leak revealing widespread global tax evasion and money laundering, THIS is exactly what he's trying to change.
Sanders raises $1 million from 36,000 contributions during Sunday night debate
Vermonters, polls show Bernie at 83% and Clinton at 9%. While Bernie is winning, it's very important for you to show up to vote. If Clinton scores under 15%, she will be non-viable and wont get any delegates. Help Bernie get all of the delegates!
Reuters poll: Sanders 49% Clinton 48% - 2 weeks ago it was Sanders 45% Clinton 53%
Bernie Sanders most searched candidate during the Democratic Debate in ALL states
Hillary's tweet, the one blaming Bernie for the Sandy Hooks Massacre, appears to be backfiring
NYC Berners, There's a NYC Open Primary City Hall "Town Hall Meeting" on Thursday to push changing New York State's Primary to be Open [Xpost /r/NewYorkForSanders
Sanders Campaign Statement: "It is unfortunate that the media, in a rush to judgement, are ignoring the Democratic National Committees clear statement that it is wrong to count the votes of superdelegates before they actually vote at the convention this summer."
Hillary spoke 32% longer, moderators interrupted Bernie 150% more
NPR: "Entire city blocks and buildings full of voters purged from the voting lists"
Exclusive: Half of Americans think presidential nominating system 'rigged' - poll
Bernie only needs 57.5% of remaining delegates to win and is expected to win the majority of states.
TIL Bernie Sanders would be the first non-millionaire president since Harry Truman in 1945
Bernie Sanders Has Raised $5.2 Million Since The Polls Closed In New Hampshire
Bernie Sanders pulls ahead of Hillary in West Virginia poll
Bernie Sanders said today if voter turnout is high that we can pull off another Michigan in Florida. Guess what, Florida can already start early voting, let's not start our big push a couple days before the 15th, let's start now.
"I'm not a candidate who goes to the unions, goes to workers and then leaves and goes to a fundraiser with Wall Street. You are my family. I have worked with unions for my entire life. That is what this campaign is about. That is what I've been about my whole life."
BREAKING: Nevada's Clark County Black Caucus Endorses Bernie Sanders
"I hope that Secretary Clinton will agree to a date and place for a debate in California.
Bernie Sanders Won the Most Votes Ever in a New Hampshire Presidential Primary
Jeff Weaver: "Tell the Democratic National Committee you support the restrictions put in place by President Obama that ban lobbyist contributions."
Hillary Clinton Ally David Brock Asks Bernie Sanders to Back Off: "David Brock, founder of the Correct the Record super PAC, released a letter to Mr. Sanders Tuesday warning him that he could damage Mrs. Clintons chances against Republicans if he attacks her character and motivations."
Clerical errors in Buffalo and Polk Counties take votes from Bernie. Please make this visible to election officials and the campaign!
"If youre going to get paid $225,000 (for a speech), it must be a really terrific speech," Sanders joked... "Its surely a speech you want to share with the American people, right?"
Bernie Sanders Comes Clean - he made $1,867.43 in speaking engagement fees, which he then donated to charity
Bernie Sanders: "NO, I WON'T YIELD!" (1992)
Sanders Calls Clinton Plans for Puerto Rico Too Little, Too Late | As has happened many times before, Secretary Clinton has changed her mind and is inching closer to positions I have taken
Sanders needs poll watchers everywhere. Example: NY 2008 - 80 districts did not record a single vote for Obama, including heavily black districts like Harlem.
Danny DeVito (3.7M Followers) on Twitter: The New York Times is bought and sold... You can't buy Bernie...we need Bernie.
Bernie made a surprise visit today
Reddit, thank you for all of your support and hard work during this campaign. Let us continue our fight for real social and economic change, and take the political revolution onward to California and beyond.
Hillary Clinton Using Sandy Hook Victims as Political Props Just Backfired Completely
We were told Bernie had no chance because he needed to get almost 58% of the remaining delegates. Since then he got 78% in Idaho, 79% in Utah, 82% in Alaska, 70% in Hawaii, and 73% in Washington! Stop believing the media, they've been biased and wrong since day one! Let's go win Wisconsin!!!
Reuters Tracking Poll Shows Sanders Surging
Google Trends - Bernie surpasses Hillary in nearly every county in California (x-post CaliforniaForSanders)
Hillary is quick to attack Bernie on his gun policy record, even though he has a D- voting record from the NRA. Today we find that Clinton approved a sale of over 4 million dollars by the Remington Arms Company of New York in 2012.
Media Silent As Sanders Overtakes Trump In Every Major Poll
@BernieSanders in NV just now: "My opponent says free college is too expensive. Well the Iraq war was pretty damn expensive."
Bernie Sanders Wins Readers Poll for TIME Person of the Year
I live in NH. I've been contacted by the Clinton campaign TWICE TODAY and ZERO times by the Sanders campaign ALL WEEK
Cole Sprouse (1.9M followers): Why would the biggest LGBT organization endorse @HillaryClinton when she supported Defence of Marriage Act (96), and @BernieSanders' didn't?
@BernieSanders: The media says were going to win but we can't take anything for granted. Please, stay in line and practice democracy. Every vote matters.
New NYT/CBS Poll: Clinton 48 (-4) Sanders 41 (+9) Nationally.
31 Kentucky counties report election fraud Tuesday
Bernie Gives his closing remarks at the CNN Debate, and is met with deafening chants and cheers from the crowd.
88% of Congress is up for election this year!
Bill OReilly promises to flee to Ireland if Bernie Sanders becomes president
Apparently Mayor of New Bedford, MA is campaigning for Hillary and blocking this voting poll - this is not acceptable
Bernie has called out the way Hillary is financing her campaign from billionaires. Today we learn that the Walmart billionaire Alice Walton just dumped $353,000 into her campaign.
Police Chief: Bernie Is the First Candidate to Ever Offer and Pay Police Overtime
Arizona Politician: Lets be clear  voter suppression happened.
Hillary: "I Feel Sorry For The Young People Who Believe" Bernie's Lies;
Bernie Sanders to Superdelegates: "If A Candidate Wins Your State By 40 or 50 Points, Who Are You Going To Give Your Vote To?"
Alan Grayson (Super Delegate) officially endorses Bernie Sanders
For all of you coming back. THIS is why we put in all of that time and effort over the last year, and WHY Bernie kept telling us to stick with it. The Clinton machine is grinding to a halt. Now we have to make sure Bernie lays his claim.
Bernie Sanders Grills Alan Greenspan: Sanders Predicts Wall Street Collapse (10/1/1998) don't delete Bernie just said look up this link
"But of the 16 candidates running for president, only one pays his interns: Senator Bernie Sanders, at $10.10 an hour."
Watch Bernie Sanders Try and Kill the PATRIOT ACT in 2002
Hillary 08: "Since when do Democrats attack one another on universal healthcare?" Today, Hillary released an ad attacking Bernie for supporting universal healthcare. Inside are links to her comments from 08 and today's ad. Get this trending, everyone needs to know before Iowa. #SinceWhenHillary
Moveon Endorsed Sanders
DNC Sued By Up To 2 Million Sanders Donors In Class Action Lawsuit
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "43,000 Michiganders lost their jobs due to NAFTA. I opposed that bad deal, @HillaryClinton did not."
Sanders wins Time's poll of 100 most influential people
Hi reddit! My name is Tim Canova, and I'm running to challenge Debbie Wasserman Schultz in the Democratic primary for Florida's 23rd Congressional district. I am currently a Professor of Law and Public Finance at Nova Southeastern Univeristy, and I strongly endorse Bernie Sanders for president. AMA
Glenn Greenwald @ggreenwald Is this helpful to Clinton? Sanders tonight won every demographic group: except for people earning more than $200,000, who voted for Clinton
TIL Bernie's net worth is less than the money paid by Goldman Sachs to Hillary for three speeches
VIDEO: John McCain Admits Bernie Sanders Is Right About Income Inequality
@BernieSanders: "A lot of talk about war. No talk about the 500,000 men and women who came home with PTSD, and traumatic brain injury. #GOPDebate"
Sanders vs Hillary on the Panama free trade deal
This is truly disturbing. NPR deleting mention of Bernie from campaign history. In a list of 65 ways that this has been the "most unprecedented" election ever, they mention Bernie about as often as they mention the Ben Carson stabbing story and, a new one to me, Hillary's interest in UFOs
McCain Feels the Bern
Am I the only one feeling this? We're winning states again, Bernie is calling out the DNC and MSNBC, and the corporate media can't ignore Hillary's terrible polling against Trump anymore. THE MOMENTUM IS ON OUR SIDE, BUT WE ONLY WIN IF WE CAN RUN ADS. DONATE!
Media Unimpressed as Sanders Barely Gets Seventy Per Cent of Vote
Edward Snowden: Sanders unexpectedly more credible on foreign policy than OM and Clinton, who repeat conventional wisdom that failed for a decade
We've all had people asking how Sanders intends to pay for his proposals. Here's a convenient cheat sheet.
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "How insane is it for us to literally discourage bright young people from attending college because of how much money their parents make?"
Human Rights Campaign rates Hillary Clinton at 89% and Bernie Sanders at 100%
Bernie Sanders: "Never, Ever Lose Your Sense of Outrage"
CRISIS IN MISSOURI (regarding delegate allocation)
State Sen. changes endorsement from Clinton to Sanders
Sanders: My Message Is Clearly Resonating Since Hillary Keeps Echoing It
We calculated that Bernie needs just 1,498 supporters who ordinarily wouldn't vote to turnout and he'll probably take Nevada. I have 450 Friends of Friends who Like Bernie and live in Nevada We built an app to make it possible for redditors to easily get 1,500 new caucusers tonight.
Edward Snowden on the coin toss: "It turns out money decides elections after all.
Polk County Error: Clinton - 830, O'Malley - 78, Sanders - 0 at Balsam Lake. Most likely 83-0-78. It should flip Polk County in favor of Sanders if corrected.
Bernie Sanders is the most searched Democratic Candidate before & after tonight's Debate.
Ballots With Sanders Votes Covered with White-Out Filmed by Election Monitors in San Diego
"Supporting Bernie Sanders" is trending on Twitter as the NYT Op-Ed by Sen. Merkley is making waves! Join us and tell everyone why YOU are Supporting Bernie Sanders! Add pics where possible for extra punch. Let's do this!
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "Only one Democratic candidate takes gun lobby money to fund her campaign."
Sanders has twice as many female donors than Hillary
Bernie calls for debate in California; DNC response: "lol"
@BernieSanders: It's been 17 days, 16 hours and 32 minutes since @HillaryClinton said she would "look into" releasing her paid speeches to Wall Street.
Politifact Confirms Bernie Sanders' Healthcare Plan Will SAVE Every American Family $1,200/Year
In light of today's New York fiasco, I'm proud to announce the official launch of the Coalition Against Voter Disenfranchisement and Election Fraud (CAVDEF), a movement created to fight voter suppression at all costs. Are you in to fight this injustice?
POLLING PLACES ALL AROUND NEW YORK BEING CHANGED TODAY!!
Sanders says hes running until all 50 states vote, knocks Clinton for corporate money
Sanders Camp Reports Fraud in Puerto Rico Presidential Primary
Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard resigns from DNC, endorses Bernie Sanders
Clinton camp asked about DNC leaks on Fox News. Watch the reaction.
The Nation endorses Bernie Sanders for President
Let's put some pressure in Hillary to release her transcripts again! Today, at 2pm EST, let's trend the hashtag #HRCHiddenTranscripts
We NEED #MakeHillaryDebateAgain trending immediately
Bernie put out a call for progressives to run for office. 14,000 answered. All 50 states. 85% of state senate districts. More than 60% of state house districts. Every single congressional district. This is Our Revolution.
Cornel West: Don't let media say you're crazy because you don't support Hillary
LAST PUSH TO GET BERNIE ON THE BALLOT IN OHIO! It's absolutely *critical* that we get this right -- Otherwise Ohioans could be kept from voting for Bernie in the Mar 15 primary by any Republican or Hillary supporter who challenges his ballot access! Deadline is Dec 16 4pm
Comparing Bernie's and Hillary's Eau Clair, WI rallies from yesterday
"BREAKING Iowa DEM  CNN/ORC poll #s: Sanders 51%, Clinton 43%, OMalley 4%"
"I got into politics not to figure out how to become President. I got into politics because I give a damn." ~ @BernieSanders
Reminder: Regardless of todays outcome or at the convention next month. This sub will not endorse any other presidential candidate and may not be used to campaign for one.
California tossed 1,054,874 votes - not accounted to any presidential candidate. Hillary's final lead as reported is 363,579 with all counties reporting status "County Canvass Complete." that is 12.3% of votes not accounted.
25% of New Yorkers are independents who won't be able to vote for Bernie in our Primaries. NY has 247 delegates and is where big banks, Wall Street, the Clinton office are located. We need disruption to her campaign in NY. Sign this petition asking Sen. Schumer to urge the DNC for an open Primary
60,000+ Washington Voters Turn Out for Bernie, Lines Stretch For Miles
"Bernie Sanders has raised $73 million without a fundraising team."
Internal Coup in The Democratic Party
Wonder why Hillary's name appears on Chicago's sample ballot, and Bernie's does not? Wonder no more.
@AnessaSM on Twitter : "HAPPENING NOW: SC state rep Joe Neal announces his endorsement of @BernieSanders"
Bernie won 6 races in 6 days and got 92 delegates more than Hillary. Bernie cut Hillary's 300+ delegate lead by about one third in less than a week.
Chants of "Bernie, Bernie" after his brother Larry Sanders is elected as a national delegate at the Democrats Abroad Global Convention in Berlin
Record 110,000 change voter registrations in time for Oregon primary
Hillary says "The race is over. I will be the nominee for my party". Lets do everything we can to make this statement be her biggest lie of all. It starts with activism.
Planned Parenthood on Twitter: Theres another feminist running for president and heres HIS record to prove it. http://ppact.io/1M9D2w2 @BernieSanders is #InOurCorner
Sanders wins Kansas
"Bernie camp says they've collected $3.1M since Tuesday -- from 111,201 contributors. Since Tuesday."
Democratic Progressive Caucus of Florida endorses Bernie Sanders
REALITY CHECK - All our chances to win the nomination now come down to New York. We are 12 points behind. New Yorkers! There is only one way to win.This is the week of truth, there is no way around it, you have to hit the streets!
Reminder: Bernie appears on Colbert's show TONIGHT! Let's show Colbert our appreciation with a little ratings bump!
Sign The Petition! Call on the Clinton campaign to stop bending campaign finance rules, and immediately transfer all the money allowable to the state parties participating in the "Hillary Victory Fund."
DNC Sent/had Spies in the Bernie Campaign
Delaware is expected to be one of Bernie's worst states. Today is their last day to register people. Let's try and shift the tides!
Under Bernie's healthcare plan, an estimated 27% of households will pay $0 in healthcare premiums, 68% pay less than $100/month, and 91% pay less than $250/month. Plus, if you get sick or injured, NO copayment at the doctor, NO deductibles for treatments. Let's get out there and make this a reality!
Bernie Sanders at 40% chance to win Ohio Primary, up from 11% before Michigan
Michael Moore on Twitter: "A multimillionaire yelling at a guy who shops at Men's Warehouse to release his tax returns. Yeah!"
Hillary paid $225,000.00 in May 2013 to speak to Verizon.
Bernie outraised Hillary 44M vs. 23.5M in March ! It is almost a 2-to-1 ratio! Let us push it to 3-1 !
Bernie Sanders Plan to Deschedule Marijuana Earns Support of Former Surgeon General
Clinton's Attacks Backfire as Bernie Sanders Hauls in $1.4 Million in One Day
Sanders confirms he is running for Senate re-election in 2018.
South Carolina Lawmaker Switches Sides to Endorse Bernie Sanders - First Draft. Political News, Now. - The New York Times
Bernie Sanders on Twitter | "South Dakota and New Jersey  your polls are open. Show the country that it is too late for establishment politics. Please go vote."
Warren Buffett's right-hand man gave a dark warning about American finance. Say's Sanders and Warren "are absolutely right."
CNN got owned this morning by Bernie supporter Nomiki Kinston! She knocks it out of the park!
Hillary just lied about guns in Vermont on live TV
The reason I'm still voting for Bernie, and dealing with somewhat off-putting vibe in this sub since Tuesday
Bernie picks up superdelegate after Idaho blowout
Postal Workers Union Endorses Bernie Sanders, in Boost to Underdog
Sanders says he's backing DNC chair's primary opponent, wouldn't reappoint her to DNC
Hillary Clinton: "I'm the only candidate being attacked by Wall Street" | PolitiFact: PANTS ON FIRE
It's time to make a new political party in the United States!
Tribal leaders meeting with Bernie Sanders prior to the rally in Lawrence, KS. Left to right, Iowa Tribe Chair, Prairie Band Potawatomi Chair, Sac and Fox Chair, KS State Rep Ponka-We Victors, Kickapoo Tribal Chair.
Sanders to Iowa students: Make the pundits look dumb by coming to caucus
Scarborough: 'Entire Democratic Party is against Sanders
BREAKING: AP declares Hillary as having the delegates needed to win the election. They say the race is over. THE NIGHT BEFORE THE CA PRIMARY
Hillary California Rally vs. Bernie California Rally
Rashida Jones (1.1M Followers) on Twitter: You know what's dangerous?? 14 trillion in damage & STILL no accountability from Wall Street. Good for Bernie.
Helping dad clean out his basement and found this. He immediately had it framed.
Breaking news 17 year olds in Ohio that will be 18 by the general election can once again vote in the primary!
Sanders is top contender in Time's Person of the Year poll.
My daughter texted me after attempting to vote in Philly this morning. Down machines plus Bernie not on sample ballot daunting.
"74% of Clinton supporters say they know the location of their caucus, compared to 66% of Sanders backers." Let's make sure we know where the voting takes place!
@BernieSanders: "Its unacceptable that the top 10% of farms collect 75% of farm subsidies, while the bottom 62% dont receive any."
BREAKING NEWS: Hawaii Democrats pick Bernie Sanders
Berniecrats Commit To Supporting Candidates Who Already Feel The Bern, Provide Growing List Of Sanders-Endorsing Politicians
Clinton's superPAC has accepted $2.5 million from Donald Sussman, who manages Paloma Partners which received $200 million in taxpayer funds as part of the AIG bailout. The very people who wrecked our economy are funding Clinton. I may not have $2.5 million, but I have $25 more for Bernie. Join me.
Hillary Clinton announces raising "between $325,000 and $1.13 million today at fundraisers in San Antonio and Beaumont, Texas"  Mike Casca: "@BernieSanders also raised between those amounts today, but from working people giving an average of $29.58."
Oregon will refund citizens up to $50 dollars for political donations. Oregonians, donate to Bernie for free!
First on CNN: Former NAACP head to endorse Bernie Sanders
Where were you Bernie? Where were you for Clinton in the 93' healthcare battle?
YUGE NEWS - Did you think the Maryland registration deadline was yesterday? WRONG! For the first time EVER Maryland is offering same day registration during early voting from April 14th - April 21st.
Bernie Sanders in New Hampshire becomes the first Jewish candidate in U.S. history to win a presidential primary election.
Sanders Welcomes Clinton Agreement on New York Debate
Hillary Clinton places blame on Bernie for the Sandy hook Massacre
Most heated moment of the latest Democratic debate (Feb. 4): Hillary yells at Bernie and gets loudly booed
Bernie Sanders announces in Reno: His campaign has received 2.3MIL individual contributions. The most in history at this point #FeelTheBern
Sanders Overcomes 53 Point Deficit to Take Lead in Wisconsin
Sanders: There Will Be A Contested Convention, System Is "Rigged"
Bernie wins Wisconsin
Sanders wins the Iowa Youth Caucus. Final results are Sanders 53% O'Malley 24% Clinton 15%
The Bernie Sanders campaign is proud to announce that we are fundraising for EIGHT additional progressive candidates today. Make a donation, and support the political revolution!
New National Poll: Sanders blows out every potential Republican opponent, Hillary loses to everyone but Trump.
Sanders: We are in this race until the last vote is cast
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "If there is a high turnout tomorrow, I think we are going to win. I urge you all: come out and vote. #VoteTogether https://t.co/NqrLWzqzp5"
Nebraska superdelegate chooses Sanders
Millennials have gotten royally screwed: Thats why theyre voting for Bernie Sanders
If Sanders winds up winning in Michigan, it will count as among the greatest polling errors in primary history.
Leonardo DiCaprio: The WIRED Interview. "listening to Bernie Sanders at that first presidential debate was pretty inspiring... I mean, when they asked each of the candidates what the most important issue facing our planet is, Bernie Sanders simply said climate change."
Poll: 33% of Sanders Supporters Wouldn't Vote for Clinton
I'm a volunteer at the SC state headquarters in Charleston. We are woefully understaffed and need your help desperately if we want to pull off the upset on February 27th! If you're within driving distance please, PLEASE come lend us your support. We need all hands on deck.
Don't let anyone ever tell you your vote does not matter.
Tonight when Bernie is accused by Hillary and the pundits of attacking her, we should use the hashtag #FactsAreNotAttacks.
Bernie has lost 5 pts in NH since Monday while Clinton has gained 6 pts. We have to make this as much as a blowout as possible or the media will spin it as a Clinton win, even if she loses. We MUST canvass & phone bank. Turn up!
The AP Announcing Clinton's "Victory" Was an Embarrassment to Journalism and U.S. Politics
Harvard University on Twitter: We can either have democracy in this country or we can have great wealth concentrated in the hands of a few, but we can't have both.
Rania Khalek on Twitter: "The DNC has also informed Sanders delegates that they will have their credentials taken away for holding up anti-TPP signage as well"
Class action lawsuit against the DNC for fraud, collusion, et al. on behalf of Bernie supporters is moving forward. Will be Filed today. Reportedly within a couple hours according to their facebook.
Donald J. Trump on Twitter: "See, Sanders backed Hillary on E-mails at the debate, hurting himself, and then she threw him under the bus (but failed). Disloyal person!"
Poll: Sanders more electable than Hillary against top Republicans
Bernie Sanders: "If elected president, Goldman Sachs will not be in my cabinet."
Sanders supporters sue Nevada Democratic Party
I spend 25% of my paycheck on Health Insurance for me and my wife. A 9% tax increase for Universal Health Insurance would increase my paycheck by 16%
Killer Mike on Twitter: "I cannot wait to come to SC and Bust Up The Hillary is our only choice myth. South Carolina Deserves a true Civil rights fighter. #Sanders"
Arizona, remember we want a revote, NOT a recount!
Bernie wins Alaska
I saw Bernie Sanders last May when he was losing by 60+ points in the polls & was using electric tape & stickers to hold up signs. Wow, he's come a loooong way!
Clinton SuperPAC offers Burlington Free Press (VT) Bernie Sanders hit pieces, but only off the record. The Free Press refuses the terms and shares their communications instead.
NEW YORK: Polls will be open TODAY 6AM - 9PM in New York City and the counties of Nassau, Suffolk, Westchester, Rockland, Orange, Putnam and Erie. In all OTHER counties, polls open at 12 NOON - 9PM. Voting information thread.
The Democratic Party has gotta make it clear that they will fight for automatic voter registration for everyone over 18. End of discussion | Bernie Sanders
Who represents who? an image I made showing off the sponsors of the Hillary and Bernie
Superdelegates Press Conference Opening | Bernie Sanders :: "For Secretary Clinton to get to the magic number of 2,383 she would have to win two-thirds of [available
49.7% of delegates are going to be decided in the next 28 days. This is the final sprint for us. If we win, than we move on to the finals if we loose, i am afraid we are out. Please give it your all!
Not Me. Us.
Bernie Walks Past Margaret Archer (who said he invited himself and called him disgraceful)
Sanders out-raises Clinton by more than $10M in February
TIL Bernie Sanders' father's family was killed during the Holocaust in Poland, motivating him to enter politics: "A guy named Adolf Hitler won an election in 1932... and 50 million people died as a result[...
Snoop Dogg publicly supports Sanders in radio interview.
"Today Hillary Clinton left the campaign trail and is in New York City hosting a fundraiser, raising a grotesque amount of money from a small number of rich people. Probably at least $500,000. Lets double that for Bernie before midnight tonight. Add your contribution today."
Planned Parenthood just endorsed Hillary Clinton (with 3 weeks to go before Iowa). I am a President's Circle donor to PP and just sent them this email to express my disappointment. If you are also a donor and do not support an endorsement this early, you may want to let them know.
Bernie took 49% of the non-white vote in New Hampshire.
'With your help, we are poised to pull off one of the great political upsets in the history of our country.' -Bernie Sanders on Twitter
IMPORTANT! We need NY Berners to attend their county vote audit prior to certification! : NewYorkForSanders
NATIONAL POLL: Sanders 42.6% - Clinton 42.5% - Undecided 14.9%
This is it-- our all-hands-on-deck moment. Thousands of people are getting on the phones RIGHT NOW to call into New York. Join them and spread the word.
WATCH: Obama says Sanders is the 'bright new face of the Democratic Party'
Leaked DNC Emails reveal secret plan to take on Sanders
Lawsuits mounting against possible election fraud in AZ: Take Action Now
Trump Now Beating Clinton in RealClearPolitics Average.
Bernie Sanders to be endorsed by electrical workers' union
YOUNG VOTERS (18-29) OF MICHIGAN - YOU have the chance to be the deciding factor in tomorrow's Primary! GOTV!
Hillary's supporters are spreading on social media that Bernie Sanders gave a Bank of America speech and are asking to release the transcripts. This is false. Bernie participated in Politics & Eggs that is sponsored by the New England Council whose member is Bank of America and its a public event.
Sanders wins Vermont, Oklahoma, Colorado, Minnesota
NPR: "Sanders was born in Brooklyn and lived there for a few years in his youth." TIL that the first 19 years of your life are a few years of your youth.
URGENT! One single Marianas voter is worth 427 Massachussetts voters. We have a fellow redditor there. They caucus tomorrow. Let's help him NOW!
Arizona All Over Again? Voter Registration Records Disappearing in New York
Senior papal official: Untrue that Sanders invited himself to Vatican | Reuters
Bernie's Medicare for All plan is finally here!
Oklahoma's Green Party to endorse Bernie Sanders
Warren: "I'm glad @BernieSanders is out fighting to hold big banks accountable, make our economy safer, & stop the GOP from rigging the system."
Bernie Sanders Is a Once in a Lifetime Presidential Candidate. The Time Is Now.
@BernieSanders: "I don't want to get Secretary Clinton nervous, but I think we're going to win here in Iowa."
Exit polls for the 2008 NY primary revealed that 29% of voters decided whom to support within the week leading up to the election. With the 2016 NY primary nearly a week away, it's time to elevate our support to the next level. PLEASE facebank to our NY event when you take a break from phonebanking!
Ex-DNC official says she was warned against breaking from Clinton
It is working!! Bernie appears to be surging in IL, OH, & MO!! Keeping Phonebanking & canvassing because IT IS WORKING!
**ILLINOIS NEEDS YOUR HELP** - Latest Poll Has Hillary Leading 67% to 25% - 156 Pledged Delegates At Stake
Let's make Hilary non viable tommorow in Wyoming, it would give us a huge amount of momentum in the run up to NYC
Hey guys ! fivethirtyeight is giving us a 91% chance of losing 46 to 52 in Winsconsin ! it's time to unleash the power of the grassroot movement and defy the odds once again ! we know the drill: Canvass, Phonebank, and Donate !
Help Tim Canova Beat Debbie Wasserman Schultz! | Phone bank today and let's kick out the establishment!
@BernieSanders | "I've got some bad news for Trump: If I am the Democratic nominee, I'm going to defeat him, and I will defeat him by very large margins."
Caucus BERNOUT Plan: Make Hillary NON-VIABLE in 4/5 cuacuses 3/16 - 3/22 (with maths!)
The Bill Clinton rally that blocked polls also violated the Americans with Disabilities Act; mayor authorized it
I made some "If you like Hillary..." sharables for Facebook. What do you think?
Susan Sarandon Says Democrats Cant Unify Party By Taking Voices Away
Last time I checked, this was Sanders for PRESIDENT not Sanders for "influential speaker trying to push Hillary to the left at the convention."
The results are in! In an unprecedented turnout, up 50% from 2008: Bernie Sanders won Democrats Abroads Global Presidential Primary, defeating Hillary Clinton 69%-31%. Japan and New Zealand Lead the tide with over 85% Each!
Bernie Sanders wins Washington
"The Sanders campaign released a letter signed by 60 academics in economics and beyond, in support of Sanderss plan over Clintons. The letter was signed by Baker, James Galbraith, Robert Reich, Robert Hockett of Cornell University and 56 others."
Sanders campaign: Clinton owes us an apology for 'lying' remark
4/22 : Hillary 48% - Bernie 45% in Indiana - We're only down by 3%! Keep up the phonebanking!!!
Clinton delegates masquerading as Sanders alternates through the WA Caucus process and flipping when seated
Morning Joe on Twitter: ".@BernieSanders wins WY but @HillaryClinton nets more delegates... @JoeNBC: It is a system rigged against voters https://t.co/C15I9inLAH"
Unaffiliated voters in CT CAN still affiliate as Democrats and vote for Bernie. This is crucial! Please upvote!
Bernie Sanders Kicks Off California Campaign With a Raucous Rally in Koreatown: "If we win the California primary with a decent vote, we're going together to the White House"
DON'T FORGET: We didn't win Michigan because polls were off. We won because a buttload of people on this thread became ACTIVE instead of PASSIVE participants. If we don't act, the 15th will blow this momentum...and we have to literally work TWICE as hard to win.
My go-to response to anyone questioning whether or not Bernie's track record is as good as people say it is.
Oregonians you have a closed primary and only three days left to register as democrat if you want to vote for Bernie.
Listen to the crowd at the CNN Debate chanting Bernie's name. You have 4 DAYS to convince New York that Bernie is the man of the people
Danny Glover on Twitter: "Why hasn't the media wanted to comment on what Bernie Sanders said about #Kissinger? https://t.co/oDV4Kvdfy0"
Vermont Democrats Oust Superdelegates
Bernie crushed Hillary this week. These were our 17 phonebanking heroes - lets thank them!
Hello Darkness, My Old Friend: Why Hillary Refuses to Debate Sanders Before the California Primary
According to 538, Clinton has a 96% chance of winning New York. Let's make sure that doesn't happen.
Reddit, you have supported me since this campaign first began, and for that, I thank you. Today, I have a huge request for you.
Breaking New Poll: Trump Defeats Clinton, Clinton Seriously Underwater. Push. This.
Why I Endorse Bernie Sanders for President -- Former Wisconsin Lt. Gov Barbara Lawton: "He is someone who understands that incremental politics brought us to this moment where our economy has been reshaped to favor the wealthiest few, and locked us into inequality."
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "Most progressives that I know don't raise millions of dollars from Wall Street."
In 6 days, we've gone from being 6 points down in Wisconsin to 4 points up. We can make Wisconsin a blowout victory if we phonebank relentlessly this week.
Report: Some voters in MI Primary being told "machines are down and to come back later"
Killer Mike on Twitter: "Thinking about a Bernie Sanders Event In ATL who wanna come?????????"
We calculated that Bernie needs just 3,907 supporters who ordinarily wouldn't vote to turnout and he'll probably take Iowa. We built an app to help it happen.
Washington Post Publishes Article by the Man Himself: "Bernie Sanders: Heres what we want"
Hillary's only argument against Bernie's tuition free public college plan is that kids from rich families such as hers and Trump's shouldn't get free education. Since when did Chelsea or any of Trump's kids go to public colleges? They didn't. #SinceWhenHillary
Dennis Kucinich: "[The AP
Sanders: 'Do not moan to me about Hillary Clinton's problems'
Hillary is still out here campaigning like crazy, her superpacs are hiring online trolls and she's still spending millions on the democratic primary. She wants us to give up! She is scared of our movement! She is scared of the millions of us standing up for democracy!
RI will only open 144 of 419 polling places for primary.
It's official! Bernie will be on the Indiana primary ballot! WE DID IT!
Help me raise awareness. Today, Hillary Clinton will be honored in a ceremony in NY to take credit for her "role" behind NY's new 15 dollars an hour. Bernie marched for 15 hr.
Standing Ovation for Bernie Sanders at Florida Debate
Help get the word out on Bernie's electability now. Sanders 51, Trump 38. Clinton 47, Trump 40.
We are on track to losing Michigan next Tuesday, and if we do, our nomination chances are pretty much done. Treat MI like the last chance Bernie has to overcome Hillary, because it certainly may be.
Do you realize: We won Indiana by 5%!? The polls had us losing by 6%? According to a CNN poll, 25% of Indiana voters decided their vote in the last week? Phonebanking with the same intensity we had for NY from April 26th to yesterday we probably would have gotten to the 60% win?
ATTENTION COLORADOANS: You have the opportunity to be the first state in the nation to have a single-payer health care system! Vote YES on Initiative #20 in 2016!
We have absolutely NO TIME to worry about whether we won 26-26 delegates or 25-27 delegates. Most states do NOT have last-day voter registration like Iowa. Registration deadlines are passing us by almost EVERY DAY. GO GET YOUNG PEOPLE REGISTERED TO VOTE.
BerniePB is at only 12,300/70,000 calls. The sense of complacency since winning Michigan is going to be the end of us if we don't get back to work ASAP
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "Americans need a president who will think about their future 10, 15, 20 years down the line. Someone with judgement. "
Did You Have a Problem Voting in Arizona? Report It Here >>
Bernie Sanders Seemed to Really Enjoy This Saturday Night Live Clip [CC
Under new Oregon law, all eligible voters are registered unless they opt out
Just happened: Governor Chris Christie just vetoed an automatic voter registration bill in the state of New Jersey. "Could've added 1.6 million new voters to rolls." Bernie Sanders should call Christie out for not wanting more people to vote.
Shaun King: Two minutes that you MUST watch. Stop saying that Bernie Sanders was for the crime bill. He spoke over and over and over again against it. Here he is, calling it what it really was, a punishment bill, that came after poor people and Black folk.
Now THIS is how you prepare for a Primary! California is approving $16 million to help election officials deal with a surge of interest in the primary.
REALITY CHECK: We are 3.73% of elected delegates behind, with only 21.45% of elected delegates assigned. We're doing just fine, people. Don't let up now, we can win this. Enough with the defeatism.
Bernie Sanders requests rally on eve of DNC
"Bernie in Philadelphia: I don't think you are qualified to be president if you supported the Panama Free Trade Agreement."
Red Alert: Michigan Could Be The Ballgame, Pro-Bernie Social Media Has No Clue
Remember that one time Mother Nature felt the Bern?
Bernie's approval rating is 83%, the highest among ANY current US senator. We need to share this with voters who think he's unelectable!
Arizona Election Fraud Mega Thread
KING: Stop blaming Hillary's struggles on Bernie, her problems are hers and hers alone
Pro-Clinton superPAC Priorities USA Action is dumping 4.5 million into Florida, Arizona, Ohio and Illinois. Billionaires like Soros, Saban and Sussman think they can buy this election for Hillary. We can't let that happen. Let's raise 6 million for Bernie!
It's Close in California: Clinton 49%, Sanders 47%
WE HIT $7,000,000 RAISED IN THE PAST 24 HOURS!!!
Bernie Sanders for President is Trending on Twitter
Sanders Supporter Tells Billionaires to "Fuck Off" During Rally (Bernie: "You get to the point very succinctly. I like it!")
Several of my friends in California have had their voter registration changed without notice. Please check your registration early, California is a closed primary.
Did Hillary Clinton just say she doesn't agree with Bernie Sanders on free college because kids of the 1% can afford it and shouldn't get it for free? So what, just screw everyone else?
The DNC, Clinton campaign, and media WANT low voter turnout. They want you to get discouraged and not care to fight for Bernie anymore, because that's how Hillary wins
Adam McKay at Oscars: "Don't Vote For Candidates That Take Money From Big Banks"
Sanders picks up endorsement from former DNC chairman Paul Kirk
Let's take a moment to appreciate the fact that a 74-year-old white Jewish guy from Vermont got 45% of the vote against the biggest political establishment in America.
BlackMenForBernie in Walmart Informing Everyone (THIS is footbanking: spilling the internet into LOW-internet zones...SPREAD the political revolution EVERYWHERE people are informed by TV!)
********MAJOR CALI UPDATE*******
Sanders snags another union endorsement
Bernie Sanders has won the Democratic caucuses in Nebraska!
#StillSanders trending on twitter
@BernieSanders: The corporate media counted us out. The pollsters said we were way behind. But we won. Thank you, Michigan.
48 hours. 15,000 volunteers. Two million calls. #TakeNYByPhone
Tim Canova on Twitter: "I'm glad that the court has upheld @FCC rules protecting net neutrality. The Internet must remain free and open."
The Struggle Continues
17.9 million Californians registered to votehighest ever heading into a primary
Dear Bernie, you don't JUST have the support of young people in America, you have the support of 48 percent of all democrats as well as millions of independents!
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "I say to the Walton family of Walmart: Get off welfare, pay your workers a living wage."
Bernie Sanders wins 89.3% of the vote in Democrats Abroad Primary | Tokyo, Japan
Under the cover of the NV announcement, Clinton's Super PAC filed its monthly FEC report. Biggest contribution: $3.5 million by hedge fund billionaire James Simons. I'M DONATING $35 TO BERNIE! MATCH ME!
Press Release: "Hillary Clinton: Outsourcer-in-Chief"
Massachusetts Sanders Supporters File Lawsuit to Hand-Count Sampling of Ballots, Citing Exit Polls
This Sub is Becoming More Anti-Clinton than Pro-Sanders. We Need to Regain Focus.
Bernie Sanders won his first election by 10 VOTES. Leave it all on the field tomorrow.
HIGHLY UNPUBLICIZED Bernie will be holding ANOTHER town hall at 6PM on MSNBC 3/14/16
Cornel West urges black voters to back Bernie Sanders in op-ed slamming Clintons for Wall Street ties
Bernie Sanders Leads TIME Person of the Year Poll
Bernie beats Trump in EVERY general election poll. HRC loses. So, why are Sanders supporters being pressured to vote for Clinton to save us from a Trump regime? Shouldn't it be the other way around?
Jill Stein on Twitter: Don't forget, @BernieSanders supporters signed up for a political revolution. Hillary is the antithesis of the revolution. #PrimaryDay
Arizona Secretary of State has a Provisional Ballot Search on their website. If you were forced to fill out a Provisional Ballot please check to make sure it was received.
Bernie Sanders now has more donors at this point than any candidate in history. He is polling way better than Obama was at this point in 2007. Now comes the groundwork. Donate. Volunteer. Register voters. Be THAT annoying guy/girl if you have to, Bernie is worth it.
Extremely important: Sanders has to win by atleast 57% to have an edge in delegates
Hillary Clinton "is so sick" of allegations that she takes fossil fuel money
New York Times Tries to Bury Bernie with Biased Reporting About Thursdays Clinton-Sanders Debate
News in CA just reported that there are over 500,000 new registered voters in the state between the ages of 18-25.
Breaking: Hillary Clinton not a viable candidate in Vermont, giving Bernie Sanders a shut out (gains all 16 delegates).
Bernie Sanders finally answers the God question: I think everyone believes in God in their own ways,  he said. To me, it means that all of us are connected, all of life is connected, and that we are all tied together.
@BernieSanders: "Last week, Golden State was down three games to one. Tonight, they finished off a great comeback in California. I like comebacks."
Obama Endorses Idea of National Voting Holiday | "an idea that is also backed by Bernie Sanders, who introduced an election-holiday bill in 2015."
C-SPAN Stream: Clinton Precinct Chair lied about the vote counting in Precinct 43 and it was all caught on camera.
AZ Voter Fraud CAUGHT in Pima County
MSNBC: ".@BernieSanders joins @Maddow tonight! Don't miss a minute with the Vermont Senator. Tune in to MSNBC at 9pmET."
Bernie has won 55.8% of delegates in non-southern states so far. To win the majority of delegates he needs to win 56.4% of the remaining delegates. Don't let others discourage you. We are less than 1% away from being on right on track to win.
Here's a little bit of math for you on your Sunday morning. If we match yesterday's call amount of 1.3 million, we can eliminate Hillary's lead in NY entirely.
"A new presidential election is upon us... Anyone who shrugs and claims that change is just too hard, has crawled into bed with the billionnaires who want to run this country..." - Senator Elizabeth Warren
Snowden mocks Trump for refusing to debate Sanders
New Poll Shows Sanders Surge and Clinton Decline
You want a big win in California? The reality is the campaign seems to be running low on money. If we want to take this thing to the convention and have a legitimate claim for the nomination, California is a MUST win. We need to keep donating, Bernie NEEDS to run ads there!
Seen plastered on the subway walls in NYC today
I was one of the tens of thousands of Californians who thought I was a registered Independent but turns out I was registered as American Independent Party. MAKE SURE YOU HAVEN'T DONE THIS or you can't vote for Bernie.
"To Bernie Sanders with thanks for your commitment to real health care access for all Americans..." - Hillary Rodham Clinton, 1993 [Imgur Album
Sanders supporter recorded Push-poll - Recording-suggests-hillary-clinton-backers-testing-attack-lines
MASSACHUSETTS! 20,000 voters signed up as members of the new United Independent Party may mistakenly believe they are able to vote in the primaries for other parties. The deadline to change is tomorrow!
Kim Dotcom: If the Internet wants to be free the Internet must get @BernieSanders into the White House. Spread the word. Help him help us.
How to Buy an Election 101 | Bernie Sanders
Great to see Hillary sticking to her own original campaign strategies as usual
The South Bronx Office needs your help! People are VERY responsive here, but they're under informed about Bernie.
Interesting stat just shown on CNN: 18-34 Year Old Women who are Likely Democratic Primary Voters in NH - 87% for Bernie, 9% for Hillary
TIL that under Hillary Clinton's plan, Americans can expect to pay an extra $5 trillion over the next ten years in out-of-pocket expenses for health care. Under Bernie's plan, Americans will save about $1.7k annually. Spread this like wildfire.
Bernie only paid for his new ad to be aired in New Hampshire and Iowa, but thanks to social media his video has been viewed 575k times on FB, shared over 24k times and viewed 255k times on Youtube. In 24 hours. He may not have billions, but he has the people.
If you live in California, please hit up the retirement communities and middle class school districts. Their turnout for voting is around 70%.
CNN Recently Called Alaska the "Most Diverse Place in America." Today When Bernie Sanders Won Alaska, CNN Called the State "Largely White"
This Sunday is the next Dem Debate. It'll also determine if the issue about transcripts has be forgotten or not. That's what Clinton wants. We cannot let that happen.
Working Families Party Endorses Bernie Sanders for President
8 Sanders Democrats Are Running for Congress Tomorrow
Danny Glover: "I want #BernieSanders to win the Democratic ticket. Here's why:"
ABC News: "Hispanics younger than 45 voted 70-27 percent for Sanders over Clinton in Nevada".
Just donated $71.76 to Bernie. Hillary says, "Sanders intends to raise taxes on the middle class." The only substantial taxes NOT on the billionaire class is $1.38/wk ($71.76/yr) for 12 weeks paid family leave--for both mothers *&* fathers. Her family leave plan? SHE DOESNT HAVE ONE.
BERNIE WINS NEVADA
GoogleTrends on Twitter: ".@BernieSanders was the most searched Democratic Presidential candidate in every state during the #DemDebate https://t.co/txEgbbOzUe"
Hawaii House Representative from the Island of Maui endorses Senator Bernie Sanders for President.
Investigative Journalism: Why Bernie may have actually won New York
Walmart family richer than almost half of America according to Bernie. Spoiler: He is 100% right!
Even if Bernie wins the presidency, not much will change unless we participate in our state, local, and congressional elections.
Huge social media push starting NOW! #AmericaTogether
I don't think most of us understand the scale of the 15th - 792 DELEGATES ARE UP FOR GRABS! We need to get phone/facebanking, canvassing,and spreading the word to your friends and family. We are currently down in all five of the states. If we can pull off the Michigan upset, we can do it again.
Great stat to use tonight - 62% of bankruptcies come from medical expenses, 72% of which had medical insurance
Robert Reich on Bernie's effectiveness. This was quite a revelation to me.
Bernie Sanders for President | We Must Reinstate the Voting Rights Act
4 out of 9 Kansas Democrats are undecided, 50% do not intend to caucus, and only 22% want Bernie! VOLUNTEER FOR KANSAS!
Guys, the problem in SC is not that people love Hillary and dislike Bernie. It's that most people don't even know Bernie. We need help phonebanking! Join our South Carolina slack!
Nina Turner changes her mind on Hillary Clinton, endorses Bernie Sanders for president
Nominating Clinton risks disaster simply to protect the status quo Sanders campaign says.
Sign the Petition. Ask Hillary Clinton to Debate Bernie in New York. - Jeff Weaver
Fraud in AZ? I am a long time registered Dem. I was when I voted in Nov. and when I checked Feb. 15th. Today, Nada. Given a provisional ballot, and yes, I reported it.
The idea that Bernie Sanders has been too negative to debate Hillary Clinton is ridiculous
Recent North Carolina polls show Sanders is surging since January (-17, -15, -10). This could be our biggest upset to date. NC is in play!
AMNY morning paper in NYC - "Manhattan's highest daily circulation newspaper" +1 for the local
Don't let the Clintons seize the election narrative. They were 5% away from going full-panic mode.
As an ex-hardcore Hillary supporter, I find it hard now to continue supporting her campaign, despite donating $75 and canvasing for her.
DammitDeAnna on Twitter: "As a woman, I feel @BernieSanders treating @HillaryClinton the same as he would a male opponent is the opposite of sexism. #DemDebate"
Somebody Get This Man In The White House!
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "Bernie Sanders: speaking tonight in Mason City, Iowa. Hillary Clinton: at investment firm fundraiser in Philadelphia."
#OccupyCNN sit in happenning now to protest #BernieBlackout
When I started supporting Bernie, it wasn't because I thought he would win or lose. It's because he shares the same beliefs as I do.
Hillary loses two major endorsements in Puerto Rico in one day.
2 years ago, before he was running for President, Bernie made this video where he talks about the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington lead by Martin Luther King and explains what it was like to personally witness that historic event
Local Colorado Reporter at HRC Fundraising Event: "Guess @HillaryClinton campaign dsn't want reporters to hear fundraiser speech. Turned on a static noise machine pointed at us when she spoke"
We were behind 305 delegates after March 15th. We are behind 233 delegates (pending) now. We didn't give up then and it doesn't make sense to give up now. We've made great strides towards closing that gap. With 1,400 delegates left to go, you shouldn't be trusting anyone telling you this is over.
Sanders is a much better leader than Trump or Clinton, voters say
Bernie Sanders wins Michigan in stunning upset
Bernie Twitter: I'm not quite sure how anybody lives on $7,600 a year, but the sad reality is we have 20 percent of seniors who live at that level today.
@ABCPolitics: "Most-discussed candidates in Iowa today, per @facebook: Sanders 42.2% Trump 21.7% Clinton 13.1% Cruz10.7% Paul4.7% Carson 2.6% Rubio 1.9%"
In 2006, the HRC graded each Senator and U.S. Rep. on their LGBT rights voting record. Senator Clinton received an 89%. Senator Sanders received a 100%. To this day, Bernie STILL has a 100% rating from the HRC. They endorsed the candidate they themselves admit has a worse voting record. #FundTheBern
@BernieSanders: Bernie has released all of the speeches he gave to Wall Street. There were none. Hillarys been looking into it for 70 days. #DemDebate
Guys, Bernie Sanders made terrific inroads with Latino voters tonight, and nobody is really talking about it.
In 2008 Hillary was down in the polls in NH and she bused in thousands of volunteers from NY and she made a stunning comeback. Bill Clinton also made a comeback in NH. We absolutely MUST have 10,000+ canvassers in NH this weekend!!!
It's really that simple. Get out there and vote.
Michael Moore on Twitter: "Hillary has no clue that the "auto bailout" didn't save ONE single job in Flint. We used to have 80,000 GM jobs here. Today? 5,000 jobs left"
Already 1 million ballots have been declared invalid in California, 2.5 million still uncounted
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: If you want at least four more years of Larry David on @NBCSNL, vote for Bernie! #BernieOnSNL https://t.co/o5kuAqIiNx
The New York Post has been having a ball these past few days.
Joe Sacco Questions Clinton on Wall Street: "Please Just Release Those Transcripts So We Know Where You Stand"
Newly leaked Guccifer Documents prove that the DNC was conspiring for a Hillary Clinton presidency before the race even began. Seems Bernie was a major nuisance in her attempt to portray herself as "mainstream." (as if we ever doubted her right/centrism)
All of r/sandersforpresident right now
We won Michigan because 71% of MI Independents voted for Bernie yesterday. PENNSYLVANIA is worth 181 delegates, but has a CLOSED primary. We have until MARCH 28 to convince as many Independents & Republicans to change their affiliation to Democrat in order to vote for Bernie in our April 26 primary!
MSNBC SC Focus Group: "Sanders wins SC debate in blowout - 27 for Sanders, 2 HRC, 1 O'Malley."
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "I don't want you to think you're courageous radicals. You are not. Turns out that our ideas are mainstream and supported by millions people."
**BERNIE CAN WIN NC, BUT MOST IMPORTANT DEADLINE IS TODAY, NOT 15th** Check for Facebanking instructions inside, 15 min of your time can change the result of this election!
CALIFORNIA , DO IT.
Here's a fun fact. All 4 states Hillary won last night were closed primaries. Rhode Island was not. Speaking of which, only 2 remaining states are closed primaries, and we're likely to win both according to polling and demographics. But that isn't mentioned much, is it?
Massachusetts exit polls suggest that if we can just increase the youth vote by 2 or 3 percent, we could win the state. We're behind right now before noon. Get everyone at your college up and get them out to vote! Get your friends and family out to vote!
"Berniecrats" across the country win their primaries
We need 65% of the remaining pledged delegates for a majority. We got 62% of the delegates from West Virginia. If we can end this depressive attitude, I'm pretty sure we can increase our lead in upcoming states by THREE DAMN POINTS.
Arizona is a massive FRAUD !
The DOJ Is Investigating Arizona's Election Mess
Kroll Inc, the auditor who'll probe Bernie for the DNC, has been accused of intimidation, police impersonation, bribing people for testimony, wiretapping, illegal email surveillance, and producing inaccurately favorable reports about valued clients of theirs. This will not be an independent audit.
This morning we were told we were 21.3% behind HRC and that Michigan would be a bloodbath and we erased that difference! Your tireless work made this a GREAT night! I'm donating $21.30 to Bernie in your honor  MATCH ME!
Guys, are you ready for something crazy? Let's WIN NEVADA
Climate Hawks Vote on Twitter: "Breaking: @BernieSanders wins our endorsement by a landslide! #ClimatePrimary #FeelTheBern
"Polls Down" at my Philly polling location. I can fill out a ballot and sign my name or "try and come back later". Who do I report this to?
If you think that Wyoming isn't important because it only awards 14 delegates, you're WRONG. Delegate math shows that a SINGLE VOTE for Bernie in the WY caucus is as powerful as TWELVE in the NY primary! Oh, and the caucus is TOMORROW! If you haven't done so yet, PLEASE facebank to our WY event now!
Saying "Trump Is Worse" Won't Sway Sanders Supporters
We Disagree With Trump on Just About Everything. However, His Supporters Agree With Us That The System is Rigged and Corrupt. We Have A HUGE Opportunity.
Sara Goldrick-Rab on Twitter: "Long lines at polls and lots of new voter registrations being reported this morning in #WisconsinPrimary ! Join us in pushing for change!"
Susan Sarandon: I Don't Think I Could Vote For Hillary If Sanders Loses
This was the standing ovation for Bernie after he gave his closing remarks
Forum: Sanders is right  dont trust Clinton on gay rights: 'It took Clinton nearly a decade to catch up with the rest of her own party'
@BernieSanders: We must get rid of superdelegates. The fact that we had 400 superdelegates pledged eight months before the first ballot was cast is absurd [x-post from /r/Political_Revolution
Sanders campaign manager: 'There's obviously something wrong with the numbers'
Bernie Sanders has the highest approval rating of any U.S. senator.
7 'Sanders Democrats' Win Congressional and State Primaries in South Carolina
Bernie Sanders is getting a surge of volunteers in rural Iowa from Reddit
Patton Oswalt on Twitter: "Why do I love @BernieSanders? 'Cause who doesn't love watching smug news pundits sputter in disbelief? #FeelTheBern"
Can we stop posting random polls and calling them things like 'Stunning'? It's creating a false sense of victory. WE ARE STILL LOSING BY A LOT, DONATE, PHONE BANK, OR VOLUNTEER!
"Bernie was Down in the Polls in Kansas & Nebraska Too, Yet Won Both in Landslides Polls Don't Vote, You Do #MIPrimary #FeelTheBern"
The Judgment to Lead: Why I'm Endorsing Bernie Sanders
This is Bernie Sanders Phoenix Arizona campaign office 5 days before the voter registration dead line! please come down and help
Bernie has been DECLARED WINNER IN NEW HAMPSHIRE!! Celebrate with us donating $10 and LET'S ROLL STRONG TO NEVADA!!
Clinton Once Said Democrats Should Never Attack Each Other Over Universal Health Care: "Hillary Clinton is going after Bernie Sanders on health care reform."
new New York poll - Bernie 42%, Hillary 54% - Hillary's lead 1/4 of what it was last time a poll was done 2 weeks ago.
Everyone needs to realize this: Sanders vs. Clinton isn't about Men vs. Women, or Whites vs. Minorities. It's about the super elite vs. everyone else.
Puerto Rico was the biggest election fraud of all primaries
Sanders will be Colbert guest day after NH
Sanders says if he wins New York, he'll win White House
In less than 48 hours, Bernie has successfully did what Hillary and every GOP candidate failed to pull off for several months make Donald Trump look bad.
Americas Third Party President? Poll Shows 48% Want Bernie to Stay in Race
We are at great risk of being NONVIABLE in Mississippi. Latest poll has Sanders at 11%. We need to have a strong effort on Mississippi as it has 36 delegates, and being nonviable there will cancel out Michigan any wins we had this weekend!
Bernie Sanders wants raw vote count released after tight finish in Iowa caucuses
BERNIE SANDERS: Almost 7,000 of my supporters just signed up to run for office
Bernie Sanders: Trust Me To Make The Right Decision, "Not To Say 20 Years Later, 'Ehh I Was Wrong'"
Bernie Sanders: Clinton Foundation Is A "Problem," Took Money From "Dictatorships"
Bernie Sanders Takes On Walmart: Its gotten to the point that the American taxpayers are paying an additional $6 billion in economic support for Walmarts employees who are in need of welfare and food stamps and other subsidies just to survive.
6 days from Michigan, we were down by ~20 points and we won! We're down by ~16 and we have 9 days left. Will you fight or get complacent?
I Just Got "Push Polled" by Hillary Clinton's Nevada Campaign
Clinton Formally Reneging on CA Debate Promise. #MakeHillaryDebateAgain
This is the what the political revolution looks like from Chicago today.
New York! We need to treat the hearing on the closed primary like a Bernie Rally! Pack the place inside and out with 20,000 people to show our support for an open primary! - 4/14 at noon NYC City Hall New York, New York 10007
Shortly after conceding Nevada loss, Bernie Sanders campaign announces it has now received 4 million campaign donations.
ATTENTION New York voters. DO NOT wear Bernie clothing to the polls.
For the love of God, if you live in New York, get your ASS out and vote tomorrow. And ALL of your friends and family. Unless you are dead, you MUST vote. Actually, it is NY, you may even get a vote if you are dead. Get off da ass and vote vote vote.
Hillary Clinton flat out lied about Bernie on Twitter and is getting away with it
NY voters! Do not vote for Clinton delegates even if it says "Choose 7" and there are only 6 Sanders delegates! (For example)
Chris Kofinis on Twitter: "Nevada focus group of #PBSdebate says @BernieSanders won tonight's debate by a 25 to 9 margin."
Pennsylvania has 189 Delegates at Stake and Voter Registration Deadline is Monday : Here is the Link For Online Registration
NY Attorney General Eric Schneiderman has set up a hotline for voters to report problems at the polls.
25 % of Sanders supporters would not vote for Hillary according to a recent poll.
Bernie and Jane separately told NBC news tonight that, contrary to some earlier reports, there will be NO reassessment of the campaign after today's primaries.
@BernieSanders: Campaign money from maxed-out wealthy contributors: Hillary Clinton  51%. Bernie Sanders  3%
Bernie Sanders Annoyed By Reporters Dumb Question
Video Compilation of Hillary Clinton Primary Voter Fraud
Bernie Sanders playing a catalytic role in American politics: "Sanders' ideas are causing many narrow-thinking Americans to think about socialism, many for the first time. Some even recognize how narrow our spectrum of respectable political ideas is compared to most others in the world."
Don't trust the optimistic polls; average puts Sanders at 53.9% when he needs 56.3% to have a decisive win. GET OUT THE VOTE
Ronda Rousey has just endorsed Bernie Sanders for president
In the last 10 primary contests, the only 2 that Bernie has lost are closed primaries under audit or investigation. The 8 that he won chose him by double digits. What makes you think we can't win big in in the next 19? 58% is not unattainable if we crush it in California.
Senator Sanders, Please DO NOT give my info to Hillary or the DNC
BREAKING - Sanders Speech to Wall Street Unearthed: What the Media is Hiding (Transcript/VIDEO)
Bombshell: Clinton aide claims that if Bernie wins California he wins the nomination
Voting irregularities and issues Megathread
Former Wisconsin Lt. Gov. Lawton Endorses Sanders for President
Single-issue candidate Bernie Sanders touches on 20 issues during a Michigan campaign stop
Senator Sanders on Twitter: "When you hear some politician telling the world how tough he is, understand that it is not going to be his kids going off into that war."
About 40% of New Yorkers Are Catholics - Let Them Know Sanders Was Invited to Speak at the Vatican
South Carolina!! Polls are now open until 7p.m. EST. Prove everyone wrong! [Details inside
Bernie on media: "If anyone simply turns on the television and says, 'Oh, there is the truth. That's all that I have to know. I can formulate an opinion from that.' They are dead wrong. The media is as much part of the problem as anything else in this country."
After public anguish, Bronx councilman endorses Sanders on eve of primary
Bernie is the first non-Christian to ever win a primary
Guccifer 2.0 Mega Thread RE: Clinton Foundation
Hey Young Iowa Bernie Sanders supporters: Dirty tricks on caucus night
Lee Fang on Twitter: "The smearing of Bernies' lifelong record of activism on social, economic and racial justice is a good reminder why so few choose that path."
God on twitter: Hillary is losing to Trump by 2 points. Bernie beats Trump in every poll by 12-20 points. For the good of the world, #DropOutHillary
Did y'all see Bernie after he won New Hampshire?
How far can you go in a single year? Bernie Sanders for President.
Clinton Forgets Sanders Was 'Literally Standing Right Behind Her' on Health Care Reform in the '90s
Michael J. Moran, senior member of Massachusetts democratic house leadership, breaks ranks to endore Bernie Sanders, calling him "a better general-election candidate" than Hillary Clinton.
ATTENTION ALL NEBRASKA COLLEGE STUDENTS: You can vote for Bernie even if Nebraska isn't your home state as long as you attend a college in Nebraska. Bring your ID to register at the caucus location!
Sanders Activist Says Progressives Should Not Accept Clinton as the Nominee Without Protest
All votes in: Bernie Sanders wins 60.4% and Hillary 38.0%. That's a 22.4% lead!! We did it guys!! #FeelTheBern
"A minimum wage worker is just as loud a billionaire tonight. #CaucusForBernie"
Bernie has passed the torch to us. Our chance to make the revolution real. Only 8400 has signed up to phonebank, we need 15,000 to hit new milestone.
Bernie Sanders will be holding a rally in Denver tomorrow. We got 5500 people last time. Can we beat that tomorrow?
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "New Hampshire, if turnout is high today, I believe we will win. I urge you to come out and vote today. Thank you."
Tomorrow, Bernie has a Town Hall at 8am, a rally at noon, another rally at 4pm, then another Town Hall at 9pm. Let's not forget the urgency we felt for MI, and the momentum we gained after.
You thought the last debate was intense? Bernie better get prepared, because Clinton is cornered and she will go nuclear tomorrow night. Yea, that's right, there's a debate tomorrow.
Iowans: Find your Caucus Location here
7000 people showed up in Birmingham,ALABAMA to see Bernie Sanders speak. People are ready for a change.
Nina Turner on Switching from Clinton to Sanders: He's Been a "Constant Champion" of Civil Rights
Tim Canova, Onetime Bernie Sanders Adviser, is Running Against Debbie Wasserman Schultz
Hillary just was "SLAMMED" in use over Emails in NEW REPORT. Why Bernie? BECAUSE HE DOESN'T HAVE BAGGAGE LIKE THIS.
CNN, very briefly, shows Bernie ahead of Trump nationally by 20 points
Robert Reich - I endorse Bernie Sanders
Bernie Sanders opens Chicago office, making him first presidential candidate to do so
Sanders ties Clinton in national poll
Wil Wheaton (2.97M followers): Remember, there's a Democratic debate tonight, and Hillary Clinton and the DNC are hoping you won't watch it. #FeelTheBern
A new FOX News poll shows Bernie with his FIRST NATIONAL LEAD 47-44! We need everyone to help us make sure the people get a voice! Phone bank to GOTC in Nevada! Pledge to make 30 calls tonight!
Bernie Groups are GONE from Facebook!!!! URGENT!
A MASSIVE Michigan Phone banking for Bernie
@BernieSanders: If President Johnson had taken the same position as @HillaryClinton that a small payroll tax was unacceptable we wouldn't have Medicare.
Clinton Democrats Claim To Support Health Care As A Right, But Oppose Universal Healthcare In Platform
WOW. Before the "Bernie Bro," Clinton supporters created the "Obama boy." No, seriously.
Among Democrats who want an "honest and trustworthy" candidate, Sanders won by 93% to 5%.
@BernieSanders: "Wisconsin, today you sent a strong message: when we stand together there is nothing we cannot accomplish. Thank you!"
The temptation to quit will be greatest just before you are about to succeed. Get everyone you can back here! We finally hit Bernie territory, and we get 10 times the delegates per vote! Now is when phonebankers are MOST effective.
Just a bit of perspective
Fantastic picture of Bernie from one of the NY rallies today
Major transit-workers union, ATU, endorses Sanders for President
Clinton to Californians: Your Votes Will Not Affect the Democratic Primary Whatsoever
New Bernie Sanders ad | American Horizon
ARIZONA VOTERS: GET YOUR BALLOT COUNTED 
AFL-CIO Endorsement of Bernie Sanders would be a tie breaker in the Nomination Election. Sign the petition, show them that ALL Labor feels the Bern.
BERNIE IS KILLING IT ON MSNBC RIGHT NOW! HE IS NOT BACKING DOWN!
Bernie Sanders writes Op-Ed piece for today's NY Times: "To Rein In Wall Street, Fix the Fed"
Michigan Mayor says he was nearly kicked out of dem debate [for supporting Sanders
Here's a vine of Bernie Sanders running to the side of the man who fainted at his presser
Quite a few people showed up to the Bernie Sanders rally in Salt Lake City. Apparently the line stretched for over 7 miles!
Congratulations to the hundreds who phonebanked yesterday and broke our daily call goal. We are not going to sit down and take our democracy being ripped in half.
MoveOn Endorsement Voting is now open!
Hunger Games Actress Jena Malone Endorses Bernie Sanders: I vote for ideologies not genders
Robert Reich: I've Known Hillary Since She Was 19. Bernie Sanders is the Most Qualified Candidate
Largest Nurse's Union (37,000+ members) in NY Endorses Bernie Sanders for President!
Sanders Strongest Candidate to Beat Trump
Hillary Clinton is Blowing Up Her Own Campaign Against Bernie Sanders CNN(is this cnn)
You realize if we can win 60-40 in Wisconsin, 70-30 in Wyoming and 55-45 in New York we will win this?
NC Unaffiliated Voters: Do NOT accept a provisional ballot!
WASHINGTON 46-1957: Minority Bernie delegate mysteriously vanished from lists!
Anger and frustration from Hillary's latest move to not debate Sanders has pushed us over the edge. I guess thats why the Phonebanking map is exploding right now!!
Sanders: I believe health care is a right of all people. Baier: Excuse me, where did that right come from? Sanders: Being a human being.
#NYPrimary lawsuit UPDATE: New hearing @ 2pm ET-Election Justice says if judge rules in its favor all provisional ballots cast today would be counted
Today r/SandersforPresident broke all previous traffic records: 666,409 page views, 123,181 unique visitors 1,571 new subscribers! The movement is accelerating...
"This is clearly a heavy-handed attempt by the DNC to undermine our campaign." - Jeff Weaver in his Press Conference today regarding the DNC Data Leak
"I am so sick, I am so sick," Clinton says, shouting and wagging her finger at the activist, "of the Sanders campaign lying about me. I'm sick of it."
My grandfather, old enough to remember FDR, is voting for Sanders because he reminds him of Roosevelt.
Sanders campaign says it was denied paper records of Iowa caucus vote
Sanders beats Clinton in Wisconsin
According to Fox News poll, it seems that Bernie winning the nomination in Iowa hinges on the turnout of the under-45 crowd. College students can actually save the world if they only get up and out and vote. I have a feeling this is going to be a trend across the country
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "I will never forget Alan Greenspan visiting Congress to tell us how great deregulation was. I didn't buy it then, and I don't buy it now."
CALIFORNIA NEEDS DELEGATES!!! PLEASE READ!!!
Now We Know Why the Corporate Media, NPR, the DNC and Hillary were Desperate to Kill Off Bernie's Campaign by March 15
Sanders has a 76 point lead over Clinton in his home state of VT -- Sanders 86, Clinton 10
PA resident and real estate professional here. Bernie will win PA if he talks about foreclosures.
Bernie Sanders Gets More Endorsements From Arizona Latino Leaders
WE DID IT!! $40 MILLION IN THE MONTH OF FEBRUARY!!
Reddit, thank you so much for your support. Today we are trying to break a big goal. Help us out.
Bernie Sanders: It Sounded Like President Obama Has Been Listening To My Stump Speeches
BirdieSanders Poster
Morning Joe Scarborough: "The system is rigged. From top to bottom. From the left to right. It's an inside game. The DNC knows it."
This just went up in downtown Denver
Sanders is surging in California according to new polls
Chelsea Clinton mischaracterizes Bernie Sanders' health care plan
Poll: Sanders leads in Illinois while Clinton leads Ohio, Florida
Under Sanders, income and jobs would soar, economist says
Millennials outnumber baby boomers, but in 2012 only 45% of voters 18-29 cast ballots. 60-70% of voters 45+ turn out to vote. If young voters would cast ballots, Bernie would win. Period. Make SURE your friends are registered to vote. All of them. 26 states + DC have online registration. Do it now!
Bernie Sanders on Twitter :: Michigan: if youre in line to vote, you have a right to vote. Stay in line and make your voice heard.
My father and five of his friends are caucusing tonight. They all are: (1) Over 55; (2) Caucusing for the 1st time; and (3) Caucusing for Bernie. To those in Iowa - No matter your age, BRING YOUR FRIENDS!
New poll out of Iowa, HRC: 48, Bernie:45
White House DEFENDS Bernie Sanders Against Hillary Clinton's Attack About POTUS
REMEMBER: Bernie Sanders is the only candidate who has pledged to end marijuana prohibition. Help us end the War on Drugs by matching my donation of $4.20!
New Wisconsin Poll Bernie 49% - Hillary 45%!
DO NOT buy into the concern trolling and astroturfing this week. Astroturf is real, and it is happening, and this sub is getting buried in it. It is hardcore propaganda. Do not waver!!
New Ohio Poll: Sanders 45 Clinton 44
To everyone panicking about super-delegates, if Bernie wins 58.8% of elected delegates, then ALL of the super delegates combined could vote against him and he would still be nominated. Get campaigning!
We could realistically make Hillary non-viable in 101-delegate Washington, which would reset the race. We need to get back to 50,000 calls per day NOW!
America Beyond - Watch Bernie's incredibly moving new ad.
Rep. Keith Ellison just called CNN on its B.S. in regards to including super delegates to make Bernie look hopeless
5 down, 29 to go. Rhode Island joins California, New Jersey, Illinois, and Vermont as the fifth state to pass the Wolf PAC Constitutional Amendment to eliminate money from politics. Join us.
Urgent Help Needed in NYC: Bernie is going to be holding two last-minute rallies in Brooklyn, and we need your help!
We CANNOT afford to be nonviable in Louisiana. It has 51 delegates. If we are it will more than cancel out all the other wins this weekend. So facebank Louisiana today and remind that primaries are proportional!
The fact that it's SO CLOSE proves that every little thing everyone did as a result of this subreddit MATTERED 100%
Long Island Poll Worker: Most of Town is for Sanders, Many Were Dropped From Rolls, Clinton Wins Town, The Number of Uncounted Provisional Ballots Exceeds Her Margin of Victory
Politico confirms what we already knew - Clinton's fundraising for state parties is a sham!
Bernie Sanders wins Colorado Democratic caucuses
KING: Heres why Im leaving the Democratic Party after this presidential election and you should too
I am not a Democrat. I am a Bernie supporter. I am not lining up to vote HRC in November.
In 2000, Al Gore lost the entire general election by 537 votes in Florida. EVERY VOTE COUNTS
Berners, we've to go back to pre-Ny levels of phonebanking.
Bernie has won 41% of the pledged delegates so far, with 21.45% of the pledged delegates decided, nearly all of the south has already voted, we can do this!
I couldn't resist, everyone. Lets keep doing our hardest to take IL, OH, MO and eat away at Clinton's leads in NC and FL!
The Seattle Times editorial board recommends John Kasich, Bernie Sanders
Bernie Sanders Gets Endorsed by LGBT Couples Who Won Marriage Equality at Supreme Court
If you live in Florida, Illinois, North Carolina, Missouri, Ohio, Arizona, Idaho, Utah, Wisconsin, or the Northern Marianas, read this information and make your plans to vote!
A Bit of Perspective
Bernie Sanders Clearly In Pocket of High-Rolling Teacher Who Donated $300 To His Campaign
THREE. MILLION. CALLS.
Today, Sec. Clinton pulled a Trump and is now refusing to debate Bernie until he changes his "tune." I am going to donate $5 every single day until she agrees to debate. Join me, folks.
URGENT! Today is the LAST DAY of the DEMOCRATS ABROAD GLOBAL PRIMARY! We need YOU to VOTE NOW!
Guys, Obama was projected to win NH, and still lost to Hillary. We CANNOT let up until the state is won.
Attention: Please record any Push-Polls from the Clinton campaign - This will become a huge scandal if we can get audio, she did it against Obama in 2008 and the audio got lots of airplay.
Election Fraud Study Authors Respond to Clinton Critics: Yes, The Dem Primaries Were Rigged Against Bernie
Bernie Sanders just changed the Democratic Presidential Race
Hillary Clinton is taking a break from the campaign trail today to go hobnob with her billionaire friends for a fundraiser. A week after NY, 5 more states are up. Let's give Bernie a fundraising boost!
MICHIGAN AND MISSISSIPPI are both OPEN PRIMARIES meaning ANYONE can vote for Bernie- let your INDEPENDENT and REPUBLICAN friends know as long as they were registered to vote by Feb 6th (MS) & Feb 8th (MI) they can vote!
Alright! It's game time. Let's Get Out The Vote!
Red Hot Chili Peppers #FeeltheBern concert:Fundraiser; ticket sales go toward Bernie [LA
Congratulations, /r/SandersForPresident! You are Subreddit of the Day!
Sanders Raises $26M in April and Breaks $200M Raised for Campaign
Pollsters predict that Bernie is going to lose Nevada, FiveThirthyEight gives a 65% chance of victory for Clinton. NOW IS THE TIME TO MAKE THE LAST PUSH FOR NEVADA!!! Let's give Nevada to Bernie.
Bernie Sanders Polls: Voters Of All Demographics Moving Toward Sanders, Internal Polling Shows
Update: I managed to vote in NY today via court order! Your situation may not be hopeless either!
According to the last poll in New Hampshire, Bernie's lead has sunk to SINGLE DIGITS! Not a single post on the current front page of this subreddit mentions that. DON'T GET OVER CONFIDENT
Bernie Sanders is still calling for an independent audit that includes BOTH the Clinton campaign and his own. Why won't Clinton agree to an independent audit? Something to hide?
Michael Moore: "My biggest concern about Hillary right now is her lack of inspiration...She doesn't get big crowds... I honestly believe that Bernie Sanders could be elected president of the United States."
Stop sulking! In the 2008 primary, Clinton won 20 states and Obama still won the nomination. We're only three states in, and we won big in New Hampshire. This is NOWHERE near over. Keep donating. Keep phone banking. Keep spreading Bernie's message on social media. It's only over if we give up.
Bernie on Jimmy Fallon is making the rounds on Facebook - 6M + Views and over 135k Shares
Bernie Sanders: "We are all horrified by the cowardly attacks against innocent civilians in Paris. I offer my sympathy to the victims and their families. We stand in solidarity with the people of France, the first friend of the United States."
Human Rights Campaign Endorses Hillary  As a gay man, I'm furious and giving more money to Bernie - Who is going to match me?
Pennsylvanians you have a closed primary and one week left to register as Democrat if you want to vote for Bernie!
REMINDER: We are a pro-Bernie sub-reddit. Not an anti-Hillary sub-reddit
A 74-year-old democratic socialist with a comic book shop owner for a campaign manager won 22 states in a presidential primary.
Bernie Sanders to Americans: Don't Allow Yourselves To Be Divided And Conquered By The Ruling Class
Bernie Mic Drop: "Trump, you wouldnt know New York values if they were written in 50 foot gold letters on the side of the Empire State Building. New York values are the Statue of Liberty, not a wall between us and Mexico. In New York, we pride ourselves on our diversity. We dont divide people up."
Clinton: "The Clean Power Plan is something that Sen. Sanders has said he would delay implementing." -- Politifact rating: FALSE
Hillary feels sorry for "young people" who believe "Bernie's lies." A fellow redditor recently conducted an informal poll finding that the average age of Sanders voters was around 35. I'm 41. Am I suddenly young?! Yippee \#HillaryMadeMeYoung
If Clinton is elected, Obama will be the only non-Clinton or Bush since 1988. BUSH/CLINTON/BUSH/OBAMA/CLINTON. Is the presidency really a revolving door for two families to take at their leisure? Bernie's the voice we need.
"Well, I'm sure that when Hillary Clinton announces that she'll be supporting me, we'll go forward together."  Bernie, CBS NEWS
I made a Bernie poster by handwriting the first names of his many donors
Bernie has finally won me over as a conservative with his honesty and integrity, and he's going to win this election.
Picture of the UMass crowd for Bernie Sanders 01/02/16.
The media irritates me. They go on and on about how Rubio might make a comeback, when he hasn't won a single state, but Bernie has no chance after losing by less than a quarter of 1 point in Iowa and winning by 22 points in NH!
Two days ago, I asked you all for help here in South Carolina and I am BLOWN AWAY by the support we're getting. Keep up the good fight, Reddit!
Andrew Zimmern (830.5k followers) I've spent last 4 hours listening to all the candidates and reading their own words on their websites and Bernie is the only one with a real vision for our country. Like him or not, he's the complete package."
Tim Canova's Facebook has 31,000 likes. His opponent Debbie Wasserman Schultz has 240,000+. Can we give him a Bernie Boost?
Clinton is getting arrogant, not planning to spend 1 dollar on TV ads in the remaining states. I'd hate to be cheesy, but slow and steady can win the race if we make Indiana a blowout victory and it's an OPEN primary! How about 100,000 calls today?
It was completely disrespectful for cnn to cut bernies speech 3 times in less than 20 minutes. He was the only one even speaking last night! #CNNLetBernieSpeak
YoungDem.com Endorsement Voting ends tonight! @HillaryClinton - 27,662, @BernieSanders - 21,305 -- CAN WE DO IT??? VOTE AND SHARE!!
Today on Morning Joe, Hillary said young people support Bernie because "It's exciting to be, in effect, protesting." Use #YesImProtesting to let her know exactly why you're protesting
"Democrats have been debating who's more electable. #NHPrimary results: Sanders 138,414 Trump 92,103 Clinton 88,623"
Reddit just donated over $400,000 to Bernie!!! - A new milestone
Tim Canova, Debbie Wasserman Schultz Challenger, Wins Two Huge Endorsements
If Hillary gets a clean sweep on March 15th, then we have lost the nomination, we HAVE to win at least Ohio and Missouri, and at least come close in Florida, North Carolina and Illinois
"I promise at the end of my first term we won't have more people in jail than in any other country." ~@BernieSanders
"New: @FoxNews' @BretBaier "will host a 1-hour Democratic presidential town hall exclusively with Sen. Bernie Sanders" on Monday at 6 PM/ET."
#BirdieSanders is trending on Twitter (10k tweets) and the official campaign is promoting it.
Winning by 2 to 6 points in Wisconsin is not good enough, we really need to win by 10+ points ideally 20+ to close Clinton's delegate lead. We need to have a final day of blasting the phonelines and canvasing on the ground. I'm making 250 calls later today what about you?
"To Bernie Sanders with thanks for your commitment to real health care access for all Americans..." - Hillary Rodham Clinton, 1993
COLORADANS: Register to vote as a Democrat RIGHT NOW. The voter registration deadline to participate in the Democratic caucus is January 1st. Read for details.
Sanders joins House sit-in
New NJ Superdelegate pledges to support Bernie Sanders
You guys, the media is going nuclear. My Hillary friends are responding in kind. Don't waste time engaging, no matter how mad you get. The ones that make you the angriest will not change their mind. Stay positive. Don't attack. Phone bank. Volunteer.
Quinnipiac Feb 1st Iowa - Poll Release Detail (Bernie 49 - Hillary 46)
Reminder: Bernie's website has almost entirely been translated into SPANISH. Please share!
Bernie tweets "the United States is No. 1 in billionaires and No. 1 in childhood poverty."
Piers Morgan to 4.8million followers, "Bernie's basically crowd-funding the presidency. Masterful. #NHPrimary"
Killer Mike on Twitter: "Sanders Supporters Stay Active! Work hard and be nice!"
Mark Ruffalo to 2.28M followers: "Bernie is crushing it at @CNN debate! #DemDebate"
Vincent Fort flips from Hillary Clinton to Bernie Sanders
DFA Megathread
Michael Moore on Twitter: "Hillary is against single payer universal health care. That's the simple truth. She supports Wall Street's position to protect insurance co."
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: Let's make 2016 a year that people for hundreds of years will remember as the year we transformed America.
In Maricopa County, Sanders is beating Hillary 61% to 39% on votes that came in election day. Provisional ballots are still being counted.
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "If you care about clean water in Flint, how can you turn around and support fracking? We need to put an end to fracking across our country."
BREAKING: Jordan from TYT posts that Independents and disenfranchised voters in New York should vote tomorrow by provisional ballot.
Hi Reddit! Tim Canova here, and I just wanted to say thank for all your help!
Trevor Noah: Clinton Is Stealing All of Sanders' Ideas
Friendy Reminder: If cynicism starts to take over, remember, Bernie has been fighting for everyone for 40+ years, against MUCH tougher odds, when no one wouldve blamed him for giving up. We can manage to be composed for two weeks.
This is what modern feminism looks like.
156,000 newly registered Democratcs in Pennsylvania
Who Are Bernie Sanders' Top Contributors? Active Duty Army, Navy, & Air Force, That's Who
The campaign nailed it when Clinton's CFO argued her Wall St. plan is tougher and that Bernie should back it. "Senator Sanders wont be taking advice on how to regulate Wall Street from a former Goldman Sachs partner and a former Treasury Department official who helped Wall Street rig the system."
Bernie has 240 staffers and 10 offices in SC, compared to Clinton's 2 office and 14 staffers
California is going to be the deciding factor in this Primary. Its voter registration deadline is May 23, just two weeks before voting day - THIS IS AS GOOD AS AN OPEN PRIMARY. We *must* conduct an earth-shattering registration drive.
If you ever think about giving up on Bernie and this revolution, try to remember what Bernie himself has faced... Like this speech he gave to a mostly empty Congress 25 years ago.
This is Bernie Sanders announcing his candidacy for president last year
Doug Stanhope: I'm rooting for @BernieSanders as though I had kids, a long life expectancy, a belief in govt or really gave a fuck at all.
Clinton Delegate lead falls to 194. Media silent.
CRUCIAL: The Hillary Clinton Corporate Speaking Fee Crisis is Exponentially Worse than is Being Discussed
Michael Moore on Twitter: "Sorry Bernie lost. He got 43% of the 1.6M allowed to vote. The 3.2M independents, though, couldn't vote. Bernie usually gets 65-70% of them."
Basic step-by-step of what went down yesterday at Nevada Convention, with background info and video links for better understanding.
BERNIE IS ON THE BALLOT IN ALABAMA!!!!!
BREAKING: Bernie is Rallying the Troops. 20,000 Volunteers. 3,500,000 Calls. Will You Help?
New York's Mayor Responds as Brooklyn Voter Purge Doubles to 126,000
Do you support fracking?
Clinton voter fraud in Polk County, Iowa Caucus
YO HILLARY DELEGATES: On the first ballot, vote no preference. Make this a contested convention by getting her below 2383.
Workers Turn Support Towards Bernie Instead of Trump
Bernie Sanders And Elizabeth Warren May Have Just Saved Consumers $14 Billion
Fellow Berners, PLEASE DO NOT be discouraged after today. Mentality brace yourselves for the long fight. Clinton will likely win 8-9 states to Bernie's 2-3. But Bernie has favorable ground AFTER today. Just some perspective. Keep fighting the good fight!
TIL the call goals on BerniePB are actually estimates of what we need to win each state. We've won each of the states in which we've met these goals. Keep calling!
I'm a 44 year old gay man. I am kind of losing my mind right now over Clinton saying that Nancy Reagan helped people with HIV in the 80s...How do I start phone-banking for Sanders?
Bernie Sanders Hernia Likely Caused by Strain of Attempting to Lift Up Middle Class | GomerBlog
In advance of 9PM...If you are in line by 9PM you have the LEGAL RIGHT to stay in that line & vote!. bring water & a small snack!
Bernie fires back at Hillary over his tone: She interrupted me  I didnt interrupt her
Bernie is trending in most states on Google, KEEP PUSHING !
Symone D. Sanders (Bernie's Press Secretary) on Twitter: "Unbelievable. Bill Clinton just doubled down on Secretary Clinton's superpredator comments. https://t.co/tIf4DsgbiX"
So far, I'm the only volunteer canvasser in my county of more than 300,000. I'm committing to canvassing one big route every night after work until the caucus in 12 days 
A Bernie Win in California Could Crush Clintons Presidential Chances
DNC took Bernie signs and gave out their own signs, so we modified them...
Bernie Sanders Picks up his 27th superdelegate: Danica Oparnica, the DNC's ethnic council vice chair from Arizona
Late Voting in Illinois Starts Today. Go Back And Vote. There have been reports of Bernie Sanders supporters turned away at the polls
Why is this not on the top? Bernie Rally in Raleigh, NC TOMORROW (Friday) MORNING. Don't forget about North Carolina, we need to win every state!
Reddit has officially raised $750k for Bernie 2016. Congrats Reddit.
#CaliElectionFraud Bernie wins hand-counted Mail-In ballots with 51.1% but loses machine-counted Mail-In ballots with only 40%.
Hi Reddit! I'm Jerry Greenfield, original co-founder of Ben & Jerry's. I built an LED sign for Bernie the other night and stood on an overpass outside of Burlington, and I want YOU to try it as well! If Ben (my esteemed photographer) and I can do it, then so can you, and it's a lot of fun, too.
Benjamin Dixon on Twitter: "When HRC told @Ash_Bash23 "let me finish" it was Ash's fault for daring to interrupt. When Sanders told HRC to let him finish he's sexist?"
Delawareans Today is the last day to change affiliation to Democrat. You must be registered democrat to vote for Bernie in the primary.
FiveThirtyEight's Nate Silver: "While Clinton has won the first two caucuses in the Democratic race  while losing New Hampshire, the only primary  its possible that Bernie Sanders will win every state caucus from here on out."
Pro-Sanders nurses union to protest outside DWS' congressional office. Supporters using hashtag #StormTheDNC
In light of the Human Rights Campaign's endorsement of Hillary Clinton, here's a document showing Bernie Sander's declaration of 'Gay Pride Day' in Burlington, 1985
We've done it. $1,000,000
2 Million Contributions Reached!
Share this around to GOTV in NYC
NYC-ers, we absolutely have to deliver NYC for Bernie. Canvassing will only get us so far, the outreach needs to involve using the subway
The line walking to the Bernie rally right now at Eastern Michigan University
Sarah Silverman on Twitter: "#BernieSanders not on Chicago sample ballot. WOW. Can someone explain this?
Adam H. Johnson on Twitter :: "Clinton SuperPAC spending $1M to astroturf online support, framing it as fight against Bernie bros"
Bernie and MSM
"I'm a woman and I will vote for the best feminist for president: Bernie Sanders"
Hillary Clinton Supporters Just Got Their Hashtag Hijacked and It Is Hilarious
My fellow Alaskans, yesterday you went 83%-17% for Bernie at the State Convention
Bernie just successfully negotiated with Hillary to come UP on the minimum wage. We are seeing how he "gets things done" in action.
IMPORTANT: Pennsylvanians are shockingly receptive to phonebanking! Do it now while you have the greatest impact. Registration closes TONIGHT!
Join Bernie Sanders this Thursday at Saint Marys Park in the Bronx at 4 PM for a rally with guest speaker and rapper Residente! This is on short notice so we need everyone to help make sure New York City knows that we have #BernieInTheBronx!
Sanders campaign is looking for volunteers to help protect the vote!!
NEVADA HAS A DELEGATE CRISIS -- PLEASE READ TO HELP
Sanders: We must rethink 'failed' war on drugs
Maryland has 95 delegates and the registration deadline is TODAY. If you have not joined and facebanked to this event yet, PLEASE set aside 5 minutes to do so today
I was caucusing in Ames District 1-3. The organizer there was attempting to lie to voters and stall in a manner that clearly benefited hillary Clinton.
Sisters and brothers - We have a very big day ahead of us, and we need to band together and focus all of our energy if we want to win. This is what we need you to do...
Puerto Rico has 60 delegates, more than all but the largest 23 states. Please share r/PRForSanders with your friends and family from there.
State Rep. David F. Bowen, WI superdelegate, endorsing Bernie.
We Are Seriously Underperforming On Activism. Let's Hit 10,000 Calls to Florida, Illinois, and Ohio on BerniePB
Michigan is feeling the Bern!
CNN: "BREAKING NEWS: CAUCUS SITES SEEING UNUSALLY HIGH VOTER REGISTRATIONS"!!!!!
Bernie Sanders mention of TPP in his DNC Speech Generated the Most Google Search Interest in TPP Since Records Began
Bernie Sanders is no spoiler: Hes trying to cure the centrist complacency thats plaguing the Democratic Party
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "I got a message for the Walton family of Walmart: Get off of welfare and pay your workers a living wage."
Californian here, please don't give up until we've had a chance to vote
To our thousands of new members: Welcome!
Please remember, DO NOT watch CNN tonight. Not all of us could help with the sit in, but we can make sure we're not going to give them any views.
Over 20,000 US Physicians for a National Healthcare Program (PNHP) Give Bernie Sanders an "A" for his Universal Healthcare Platform (Hillary scores a C+). Great table for comparison!
Finished Bernie Mural in Williamsburg/Greenpoint Brooklyn.
@Chicago4Bernie: "It's a shame @TheDemocrats haven't made a sliver of the Get Out the Vote effort as made in '08. Reason? New registrations = Bernie Votes"
"Half the "foreign policy experts" Clinton cited as opposing Sanders have ties to military contractors."
A bird lands on Bernie's podium during his Portland, Oregon rally. "That bird is really a dove asking us for world peace," he said.
Bernie Sanders Will Ban Fracking. Hillary Clinton 'Sold Fracking to the World'
Polifact: Bernie Sanders says conditions in Baltimore no better than North Korea, West Bank - Mostly True
Bill Maher Loves Bernie Sanders: 'We Haven't Seen a True Leftist Since FDR'
PBS 'Report from Washington', with Sen. Sanders on July 10, 2014 (56 min) - a great look at Bernie trying to get things done, many of which are still topics of the debate cycle
Human Rights Campaign just endorsed the candidate who said marriage is "a sacred bond between a man and a woman" over the one who voted against DOMA in 1996. Equality should never be fashionable nor politically expedient  Donate $19.96 to Bernie today, the true Human Rights Champion!
"I'd rather vote for something I want and not get it, than something I don't want and get it." -Eugene Debs
George Takei (9.1M followers) - Berning down the house; Bernie Sanders shows his true colors when he shuts down this Republican house rep in 1995.
NEW Endorsement! Rob Nosse, House Representative from Oregon!!
Wisconsin Delegates abolish The Super Delegate System at the State Convention
"Grassroots revolt against Hillary: Occupy activists launch "Battle of New York" to fight Clinton machine..." -->This is a call for activism: as Sanders Supporters we need to promote this on a LARGE scale.
Legendary phonebanker Jeremy Abramowitz made 915 calls yesterday and there isnt even a primary this week to motivate him. Thank him by making 91 calls today.
Sanders files suit against Ohio secretary of state in push to allow 17-year-olds to vote
If Sanders Wins Nevada, He Will Gain Huge Amount of Cash and Endorsements - Lets Do It!
BREAKING! Iowa High Schools, Colleges and Universities likely to be closed Tuesday due to snow! So make sure you caucus Monday night! If you can go home Monday night and return Tuesday night or Wednesday morning!
No, Sanders Secret Service Detail Isnt Costing Taxpayers $38,000 a Day
Bernie has raised $39M in March till now & is looking to surpass Feb's haul. Let's break records! Again!
Veterans like Bernie Sanders: If you think its too expensive to take care of veterans, dont send them to war.
Sanders Supporter Discusses How She Will Never Vote For Clinton
Texans!! Bernie really needs us today. We have the power to upset this whole race.
Bernie trails by only 5 Points Nationally in new CBS Poll
We are doing a terrible job at promoting Bernie events and need to improve immediately. Bernie is in flint right now and NOONE KNOWS.
To all NEVADA CAUCUS goers - Report in the suspicious incidents of illegal VOTER INFLUENCING and VOTER FRAUD in your precinct here
New Quinnipiac Poll shows Sanders down 6 in Pennsylvania!
This Land Is Your Land
Brandon Wall on Twitter: "New California poll from Fox News shows Clinton leading Sanders by just 2%, 48-46, among likely voters."
Young folks, you outnumber baby boomers, Bernie needs your vote today. Please vote and tell your friends to do the same. You're our only hope. Go Bernie!
Sanders endorsed by former Michigan senator who blasts Clinton
NH votes on 2/9, but did you know that there are voter registration deadlines in MASSACHUSETTS on 2/10, VIRGINIA and MICHIGAN on 2/8, MISSISSIPPI on 2/6, OKLAHOMA on 2/5, and LOUISIANA TODAY (2/3)?
We were down in polls. We had a 10% chance of winning. If you don't think phonebanking made a difference, we have a word for that. Wrong. Get to your phones THE WEST IS OPEN FOR CALLING!
I'm in Illinois and not only have I received a call from the Hillary campaign, but my mom, dad, and girlfriend have all received calls too. I have yet to hear of a single person I know getting a call for Bernie. Please get out and volunteer guys, now is more important than ever
TODAY is Super Tuesday. GO VOTE.
@BernieSanders: "If there's nothing bad in Hillary Clinton's Wall Street speeches, why not just #ReleaseTheTranscripts? #DemDebate"
Clinton colluded with the media to have the race called BEFORE California. WHY? Because she knows that Cali voters have the power to turn this race on its head and she was panicking. GO VOTE!
Let's make the Democrats Abroad primary not viable for Clinton. The current results are strongly in favor of Bernie, and the primary is open until March 8th.
Hillary is majorly outspending Bernie in Nevada because of her SuperPACs unlimited money. Can we get some phonebankers please?
I weep for America
A new poll has us down in Missouri only 7 points, 47-40 with 13% undecided! We can win Missouri and even more Super Tuesday states if we all work together! PHONEBANK!
Today's front page of Utah's largest newspaper. Go phonebank, canvass, and vote!
Jane to Bernie Before His Speech: "They're with you, They're still with you."
Christians are often urged to vote for a "Godly Leader". But I've come to realize that voting for the Christian candidate isn't really in line with "Christ-likeness". Bernie may not be a religious man, but he stands for more "Christian values" than any other candidate - that is why he has my vote.
New Quinnipiac National Poll: Sanders - 42%, Clinton 44%
Clinton has a net favorability of -8. Sanders is +9. No Candidate with such a low net favorability has ever won the presidency. Talk about electability!
APRIL 14 DEBATE ON CNN IN NEW YORK.
40,000 New York new voter applications filed on line in 10 days
Erica Garners Commercial Endorsing Bernie Sanders for President
In Toughest Attack Yet, Bernie Sanders Accuses Hillary Clinton Of Healthcare Flip-Flop
MSNBC admits: "We'll SUPPRESS VOTING to help CLINTON on JUNE 7th"
PolitiFact on Twitter: "NEW: Clinton says Sanders "has been largely a very reliable supporter of the NRA--Mostly False"
Sarah Silverman (7.79M followers): Bernie's jus 5yrs older than Trump he just doesn't have time to dye his hair & get a fake tan HE'S BUSY W OTHER SHIT
BREAKING NEWS: $15 MINIMUM WAGE IS IN THE DEMOCRATIC PLATFORM
This is NOT a Drill: We Need Berners to Watch the Polls,every poll and Warn People of Shenanigans. They are Already Happening. SOS
Bill Clinton Polling Location Megathread
Outsider? Bernie has gotten 206 laws passed to Hillary's 77 according to congress.gov. Bernie knows how to get things done.
Feelin' the Bern -Hillary sweats into NY primary
Retreating Clinton Campaign Torches Iowa Town To Slow Advance Of Sanders Volunteers
Mark Ruffalo (2.13M Followers): ".@BernieSanders is preferred 2-1 by young people because they know his means what he says."
Did you see that media study? This is what the corporate media is all about. On ABC News, they spent 81 minutes on Donald Trump and only 20 seconds on our campaign. Sign our petition to ABC, CBS, NBC to tell corporate media to put aside their interests and allow for a free and fair debate in 2016.
IMPORTANT: No matter how these next few primaries go, we must not have another ragequit. Pledge to continue the surge of activity!
Hey Reddit - I heard you like phonebanking, and I heard you like setting records....so how about you join us this weekend as we try and hold the biggest virtual phonebank in history and get 2,000,000 calls into New York! CLICK TO SIGN!
MLK associate tells Memphis Baptist group hes backing Bernie Sanders
David Sirota on Twitter: "Things I learned from media: Sanders has won a bunch of states but must drop out Rubio shows he's a contender by losing nearly everywhere"
Bernie Sanders Calls Planned Parenthood Shooting A Consequence Of Republican Rhetoric
Rep. Justin Bamberg (D): "Bernie Sanders is killing the game when it comes to young voters...They're not just saying, 'I'm going to vote for him.' They're working and using social media. You'd think they're on his campaign team, and they're not
Steve Aoki (3.8 million followers):" Feel the Bern"
Seriously, whoever just called my 76 year old Trump loving grandma and convinced her to support Bernie, God bless you
Sanders gives implicit nod to the idea of a million person march on the DNC primary convention in Philadelphia during Rachel Maddow interview
We just called 1.2% of the Entire US Population and over 20% of New York in 72hrs!
Jessy Lee: A 3 hour line only to be told they're no longer registering to vote in the Maine caucus? Tell that to the hundreds of voters behind me.
DESPERATE PLEA OUT OF DETROIT! PLEASE HELP BERNIE IN MICHIGAN!
TIL Barack Obama won Guam in 2008 by 7 votes; .2% of the vote. Guam has only 7 delegates, but in this race, each and every one matters a great deal. Phone lines to Guam are open for another 9 hours. Let's light it up.
New York Times Gets it Wrong: Bernie Sanders Not Top Beneficiary of Outside Money
IMPORTANT: Petition the AFL-CIO to endorse Bernie! They represent 12.5 million workers--that's more people than MoveOn, Democracy for America, and all of Bernie's current union endorsements COMBINED. 400k people voted for Bernie during the MoveOn poll. Only 14k have signed this so far.
Americans Love Their Socialism: Bernie Sanders Voted The Most Popular Senator In The US
After Voting For Bernie, I Can't Go Back To Hillary
Sanders rally in Manhattan was just a main point in Belgium news.
Fox News New York Poll Clinton up 53-37
Hillary Clinton is just Republican lite: Sorry, boomers, but this millennial is still only voting Bernie Sanders
This Should Anger Everyone: our opponent is bending campaign finance rules to their breaking point, all so Wall Street fat cats and people like Walmart's Alice Walton can get away with giving hundreds of thousands of dollars in a single contribution to benefit the Clinton campaign.
Sanders extends win streak with Wyoming victory
"Bernie's support from Latinos in California grew from 3% to 35% in a state where he has done zero paid media."
I was Bernin' when Bernin' wasn't cool!
Tim Canova was called "an early critic of financial deregulation and warned of the dangers of the bubble economy" by Sen Sanders when he was a top advisor on Fed reform. He's running against DWS...
Bernie Sanders is the Most Popular Senator in America - " Sanders has the highest approval rating of any United States senator among his own constituents, at 83%"
The only reason #CaucusForBernie isn't trending is because Twitter only wants one trend per event, and they've chosen #IowaTODAY, even though our hashtag has THREE TIMES AS MANY TWEETS. Let's show Twitter that they chose wrong, and tweet out even more!
Bernie Sanders Endorses Three Women House Candidates
Bernie's record as an Elected official speaks for itself.
Erin Brockovich on Twitter: "So far @SenSanders seems to be the one candidate who truly has the people's back #FlintWaterCrisis"
Can we come together to organize a protest against the AZ election fraud across the country?
How about a thank you to the 96,000 that did show up, knowing it would be a blowout, and preventing it from being an even bigger one. You guys are true revolutionaries and are not to be forgotten.
New Yorkers File Emergency Lawsuit To Give Voting Rights Back To 3.2 Million People
I donated $15 to Bernie Sanders so my girlfriend won't have to decide between a hospital visit and groceries. Match me to send a message - that Healthcare is a human right.
This is the 2008 Obama vs. Hillary Primary Map. Hillary won the south and Obama didn't secure until May. Do not be discouraged, be inspired! We have to fight harder!
The Phoenix rally is packed!
Just made my first phonebank call!
Canvassed the rest of my precinct before heading to the Utah Caucus, thanks to Reddit's help!
Bernie Sanders : I Am Very Pound To be Jewish My Family Was Wipe Out By Hitler
State of the Subreddit Address and The Future of /r/SandersForPresident
I want Bernie to be my President....
Voted Bernie today in SC & first time voting! Come on SC, don't disappoint me!
Sanders Campaign Will Travel On, but Path to Victory Is All but Blocked
Are affidavit ballots even counted?
Please STOP asking for us to support Hillary Clinton
Bernie has been fighting for Years without hesitation - today is no different. Don't doubt this man!
New York was awesome. We almost took half the vote her home state! Here's $15, Match me!
A "poster" I made for Bernie!
tyler pedigo NY primary projection: 40 Sanders 59 Clinton
Worlds Largest Fart-In Planned for Hillary Clintons Acceptance Speech in Philadelphia
I'm sick and tired of hearing about the damn emails!
Ride in Davidsonville MD for early voting elderly
Sanders Campaign Prepares For Run As An Independent
I voted for Bernie Sanders because I trusted him and his judgement. I still trust him now.
Loving the enthusiasm guys but please be respectful when FLOTUS is speaking
We need the speeches
Bernie Sanders Expected to Endorse Hillary Clinton Next Week
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "I congratulate @HillaryClinton on this historic achievement. We are stronger together."
I'm 15 years old, and I have made 517 calls to Iowa in the last 10 days. 483 more to go.
Bernie Sanders set to endorse Clinton after Democratic platform negotiations
The Young Turk's Cenk Uygur criticizes mainstream media as complicit in Clinton's coronation by the establishment
Strategy before Activism!
You can still vote in Florida even though you didn't register as a democrat!!!!
Everyone should get in Twitternow demanding George Clooney explain where the money was going from the fund raiser as it now appears lots isn't going to down tickets.
Sanders: 'Clinton will make an outstanding president'
First Post Debate Poll - Emerson, Clinton 55% (-1) - Sanders 40% (+2)
A friend has been noting preliminary NY poll results as they are updated...
Think Bernie and win. MEDITATE, Hold Space, Group mind meld. Lunchtime Bernie meditation!
White guys: Repossess the angry white man label. White Privilege is What Allows Voters to Dismiss Bernie Sanders
The hard states are behind us. The Southern firewall is behind us. Starting today we are going to make our comeback!
Bernie Sanders: We must do everything to elect Hillary Clinton
Cool down the rhetoric
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump Are Winning Votes, but Not Hearts
To those of you considering voting for Trump: "My supporters are smart enough to know that we don't want a bigot to become president of the United States." - Bernie Sanders
YUUGE Wins 4 Bernie Sanders, after March 15th, in Every Remaining State?
Seeing how many Hillary and Trump supporters are there in our country, I am kinda depressed.
Republican Candidates get Bern'd
MODS, Can we get flair for special donation amounts? I want flair for $100 club $500, club $1000 club and Max Donation- Mad Max club? After today we need to up our donation game. We need to impress HARDER.
Can some please explain to me WTF is going on?
Bernie Friend Invite - Invite All Your Friends to Like Bernie Sanders
Hey Berners! Have a couple of questions about phone banking. Good so far except for these couple of things...
DONT GIVE UP NOW DAMN IT
Is There Still Hope For Bernie Sanders?
Bernie won, but the narrative is to keep Clinton in the race. Brace yourselves, vote fraud is coming.
What tv network to watch for unbiased coverage?
From Team Hillary: It Gets Better
Bernie Sanders Worried About Republicans Mental Health
Sanders National Press Secretary Leaving Campaign
I'm scared :(
Start a gofundme and get out of state to canvas!
We have already won! Listen to me We have already won this race. This goes out to all of you Bernie supports working hard for this movement. Please read below and click on the links to see the proof.
According to our latest FiveThirtyEight polls-plus forecast, Hillary Clinton has a 97% chance of winning the California primary.
Bernie's Way or the Highway - It's not about BERNIE, it's about US
Complacency is bad, go facebank, match me, and other such buzzwords! Lots of exclamation points! We can't let whatever do a thing! Keep [insert state here
Disqualify the delegates of Maricopa and NYC
CNN says they don't think Sanders will be able to continue to fund raise as he did before. My first ever donation was $5 last week.. Here's another $15. Match me.
Freezing off my ass canvassing in Western Mass.
Let's give Bernie some slack
It is clear, our strategy failed. If we continue to be just nice and fine nothing will change. We need to attack too or else Trumpp will win. And there is a reason he won by such large margins.
BERNIE IS NOT A SELL-OUT.
Sanders To Campaign With Clinton Tuesday
Live primary results alternatives?
Bernie Sanders and the Danish Example
Imagine if we made Hillary non-viable in California
Leonardo Dicaprio won his first Oscar and used the stage to support our revolution! #FeelTheBern
Martin O'Malley on snapchat
Ok my Berners, I need help.
So tired of CNN.
To the people that say Bernie's plans are too "Pie in the Sky"
Write In Victory
GOTV Phonebank in Germantown, MD on Wednesday, April 20, 2016
Nate Silver on Twitter "Welp, she got 55% of the vote and the clear majority of elected delegates, but let's give it to the 74-year-old white guy!"
'Seinfeld' meets Sanders on 'SNL'
Sadly have to leave this subreddit, and here's why
Mod Bchociej censorship
Ladies and Gentleman - WE WON!
I know this will be downvoted and ignored, but I have to post as a Bernie supporter with a dissenting opinion
Sanders will take ideas to convention, but we 'know who has the most votes'
Bernie should promise to make women 50% of his cabinet
I know its early for the, but lets look at The Numbers: Bernie Hillary & Trump in a 3 way race
TIL at the polls
Bernie might be running out of money guys. Please DONATE!!!
Please don't post "WE NEED TO CALL (insert state here)".
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "Its important we do not succumb to bigotry. We are fighting a terrorist organization killing innocent people. We are not fighting a religion."
Poll report from Canarsie, Brooklyn - a black caribbean neighborhood
PPP National Poll: Clinton 54 Sanders 36
Website problems: I'm a big Bernie fan, but HRC is actually looking tougher on Wall Street. Huh?
Don't Ever Call Bernie a Sellout
Mods pls (a plea for sanity)
I think it is time we realize what Bernie is doing.
What will this mean for the campaign?
National Poll Morning Consult (2/24-2/25) - Clinton 50 (+3) Sanders 35 (-4)
Sarah Silverman thinks we are being ridiculous. You know what's ridiculous? Rigging an election, then insulting the almost half of your electorate that still managed to beat that very same rigged system.
Here's the only math that matters, guys.
Keep Calm and Trust Bernie Sanders
A lot people don't realize, especially young and new voters, that you can write in whoever you want for president on your ballot in the general election. Perhaps we can start something trending where those of us who won't vote Clinton can write in Sanders.
To all the people in Arizona offended by the violence and disruptions
how far would you walk for someone like this if the chance were to arise? (my note on Facebook to introduce Bernie to friends without mentioning mentioning Bernie...until many people reply)
Facebanking Q: Inviting FoF's but not friends (i.e. 1st degree connections)?
Bernie Sanders wants to legalize marijuana but....
Clinton May Take the Nomination, but Sanders Has Won the Debate
Black voters
It's time to do something about the downvote brigade.
Hillary Clinton just got a clear victory in the Nevada caucuses
New Economist/YouGov National Poll Feb. 24-27 : Bernie 39% - Hillary 32%
Reading between the lines -- Bernie will run Independent if the DNC nominates Hillary
Sanders is in the lead by 20 points in Wisconsin
The trolls are hete. Get off this sub and do your part without them distracting you.
Sanders kicked ass!
Should Bernie go to Rome if he is not meeting the Pope?
Sanders spokesman tells @ckmarie: Hes still a candidate, hes not dropping out
Add High School to Campaign Issues
Hi! I'm a 14 year old Bernie supporter, and this weekend I made 100 calls to Super Tuesday states. Will you match me?
Young people are useless because they do not vote. We need a way to reach older voters now.
April 26th primary prediction update
I shower with Bernie!
Sanders supporter Lucy Flores condemns harassment and "misogynistic vulgarities" at NV Convention
Mythbusters' Adam Savage endorses Bernie Sanders for president
If Bernie does not get the nomination I think we should start a write in campaign for him!
The deeper bad news for Sanders: there's no sign of political revolution so far
Black voters reject Bernie Sanders in South Carolina
Bernie Sanders ad claims or implies endorsements from New Hampshire newspapers
Biden: Sanders supporters 'are all going to end up voting for Hillary'
The phoney Trump narrative has provided political cover for cowardice and betrayal
We're bigger than that
Question about contacting mods re- broken links
A lesson from Nevada?
Can I Track My Order Through Bernies Website?
VAPE NATION V/\
Sanders Questioned By Native American Activist
Economists Who Bashed Bernie Sanders' Tax Plan Admit They're Clueless: "We're Not Really Experts"
Could Hillary clinch the nomination because of the superdelegates? Or does the nomination only go to the person that has 2,382 PLEDGED delegates?
Is Clinton going to crash Bernie's Good Morning America interview
We need to unify against Trump, but we don't need to vote for Hillary.
People keep saying Hillary Clinton doesn't have a platform or a message. This is false. If she truly had no platform, she'd adopt Bernie's for the popular vote.
Hillary, if you are serious about extending the olive branch to Bernie supporters, we need to talk about a few things first. (Warning blocked from HillaryClinton for being negative, but it's not)
My GF was not allowed to vote in CA.
Volunteer to drive people to the polls or become a poll worker. Which will help our campaign more?
How about hosting a @BernieSanders - @DrJillStein debate on TYT?
Be careful where you post things from. When you forward and upvote FOX, Brietbart and the like, you're feeding into the narrative spreading like wildfire that Sanders supporters are all ignorant shills for the right wing.
Today's Correct The Record Agenda: Mass influx of "Bernie will vote for Hillary" posts by novelty accounts. They're clutching at every straw to get us to fall in line. Don't "fall" for it!
Are big rallies really helpful?
Bernies spring break blues
#FeelTheBern I Voted
Senator Sanders remains my hero. You people who are being ugly and insulting toward him need to pull it together. Bernie knows what he is doing as he continues the fight for all of us.
Are the California campaign team members really quitting and being let go?
A question on phonebanking
Don't Divide Democrats!
If Bernie's Campaign Can Prove Intentional Voter Fraud in Arizona by the Other Side, Does Bernie Win the Nomination?
Bernie Always
What are the logistics of absentee voting?
If Bernie Sander is elected, he will legalize marijuana.
Why African-Americans should be turning out in droves to support Bernie Sanders
Martin OMalley encourages his backers to support Bernie Sanders?
Clinton announces herself "winner" in a tie! SCREW THAT! Just donated another $100 to Bernie. WE. WILL. WIN.
What's Worst Than Trump Supporters
Guys, it was a trap! She set a trap!
I'll just leave this here as a reminder of why we support Sanders for President.
We need an organized effort to draft Bernie for an independent run NOW
bernie is still going to win !
Blitzer: "She won fair and square, right?" Sanders: "Yep."
Can we start a Sanders Independent ballet !??!!?
Left-Leaning Economists Question Cost of Bernie Sanderss Plans
Bernie Sanders offers overheated claim on where all Republicans stand on climate change
Hey old people it's our time now
We talk almost exclusively of the race, but not enough on issues in this sub. Critical articles or comments of Sanders in another sub lack informed rebuttals, but you informed folks are all here and there's little here to find to fact-check the validity of prevalent points of view.
Sanders: Trump 'most dangerous candidate' in modern history
Clinton's new higher education plan is a HUGE win for Bernie!
We don't need a new Party. We need a new Constitution.
Trump, Hillary projected to sweep upcoming primaries
BernieBP is exploding with activity but it's ignoring a key state: Arizona. Why are we ignoring Arizona? GET ON IT FOLKS! This is two days in a row I notice we've been ignoring Arizona.
Reality check: Delegate count after tonight Clinton 431 Sanders 50
How is Bernie's "Tax the rich" plan explainable/justifiable?
How does sanders plan to pay for free education?
Neil deGrasse Tyson: "Who would Jesus vote for? To him walls, wealth, & torture are non-starters, so probably the Jewish New Yorker from Vermont."
2016 Iowa Republican Presidential Caucus - Clinton 57%, Sanders 36% (Gravis Marketing/One America News 1/11-1/12)
Sanders dominates Clinton in California with 61.25%
Former Hillary Clinton Advisor "Let's be real: it's a pathological hatred for a female leader among young men, it's not about #BernieSanders."
I am worried that Sanders supporters will back Hillary in the end, and nothing will ever change.
California voter here. I think I screwed up. I need answers!
Nevada caucus and beyond.
I'm voting for Sanders on Super Tuesday, but I don't think he will win the nomination. But he has already done a lot by raising attention to the issues many of us care about.
Genuine question.
Illinois supposedly is recycling numbers! Do NOT call IL! Call Missouri/North Carolina!
GET YOUR BUTTS PHONEBANKING NOW OR YOU WILL BE BLAMED IF WE LOSE!!!!!!!!!!!! New California Poll - Clinton 57, Bernie 38
Pledge to Continue the Political Revolution
Please Bernie read!!!!
Why the movement must adopt anti-capitalism.
I just want to thank you all.
Californian here. Win or lose, rain or shine, regardless of the results. After today, I want my state to Bern even hotter than the wildfires caused by the drought. Call our phones and knock on our doors. Get people registered. It'll be glorious.
Polling places running out of ballots in St. Clair and Madison County Illinois
Why doesn't the Sanders for President movement become the Democratic version of the Republican's Tea Party?
On coldest night of 2016, Birmingham's homeless warming station used for Sanders rally
Fox News Almost Hosted a Trump/Sanders Debate, But Trump Backed Out
Told my boyfriend all I wanted for Valentine's Day was canvassing with him for Bernie. We're both huge introverts, so if we can do it, you can too!
Down But Not Out: A "Where Do We Go From Here?" Discussion
If Bernie keeps this up he is going to lose..
The Cold Hard Truth
Fight on and remember what John F Kennedy once said
Why are so many people here acting as if California is a sure-win? Newest poll doesn't look too good unfortunately.
We're hitting them like they have oil! Currently at 1,000 calls every five minutes. Keep going and we can WIN this!
Comey did the right thing.
NY Daily News: Scary Bernie Hates Israel!
Super Tuesday
Can someone explain to me how Sanders plans to pay for all the new social services he wants to introduce
Definitely "felt the burn" in Iowa this weekend
Bernie Sanders on Twitter in reply to Trump: Big talk from the same guy who was too afraid to debate Bernie in California.
@EmersonPolling: ##2016elections #Democratic #NYPrimary #Poll Results for 4/17 @HillaryClinton 55% @BernieSanders 40%
Hillary Clinton's average lead in the polls in New York has lowered by .7 percentage points! It's now only 13.3!
This sub is still Sanders for President. All you argumentative folks who are obviously pro Hillary, will you please just leave us alone? the condescending comments by Hillary supporters entrenches me further in the opposite direction... you are defeating your cause.. Leave us Alone!
The new Anti-Bernie rhetoric and the related narrative about his followers is beginning to wear on me.
Hillary Clinton strongly backs public option, wins praise from Bernie Sanders
How Bernie Can Win (But Hes Not Going To Like It)
Bernie Sanderss One-Dimensional Campaign is Hurting Him Badly
Hi. I'm a black male. I support Bernie but not his supporters and here's why.
Underwhelmed with the Address to Supporters
Am I the only one feeling betrayed?
I'm in the Bay Area and I'm looking to progressive demonstrators.
I did my 5! For Bernie, for freedom!
Bernie is ignorant on aboriginal rights
Bernie Sanderss single-payer plan isnt a plan at all
When did this sub go from pro-progressive to pro-Trump?
Trump supporter here, abandoning ship.
Reddit, you have supported me since this campaign first began, and for that, I thank you. Today, I have a huge request for you.
ever again
A Push for a Major Celebrity Endorsement/s Won't Hurt
Top Democratic economists don't think much of Bernienomics. He doesnt care.
Bernie's Instagram has 428k followers, Hillary's has 556k. $30 says we can make it equal by the end of today.
Spread the word...AP is lying
Wisconsin has 86 pledged delegates out of which 57 will be allocated proportionally based on voting, remaining 29 are WINNER-TAKE-ALL.
Tomorrow Bernie Talks to Obama
How about the Justice Party?
Tyler Pedigo made his projection for New York - it doesn't look good. But if we lose hope, we will not meet call goals for April 26th and that's when we truly lose! Stay positive!
Our backs are against a wall. NOW IS THE TIME TO FIGHT BACK!!!
Stop trying to spin the result - it is what it is. Look ahead and keep fighting
The MSM should stop bashing Bernie because he holds Clinton's presidential destiny in his hands
How specifically does Sanders plan to "take on wall street"?
Clinton has won most of her delegates in states that were won by Mitt Romney. What if  for the sake of discussion  we ignored delegates from states that voted GOP in 2012?
Voter Turnout Lost Ohio - Huge Turnout Is The Only Chance
GOING FORWARD: AN EFFECTIVE GAME CHANGE PLAN IS NEEDED
People Denigrating and/or Disavowing Bernie
PARTING WORDS FOR BERNIE SANDERS
About California
Why Didn't Gabbard Leave Earlier To Endorse Us?
Bernie Sanders has a problem with educated white voters. According to entrance polls by the NYT, he trails Clinton in both categories. Is he planning a college tour to visit white people?
I missed my registration deadline
How Sanders Supporters can Up Their Game (or, Why Sanders Lost NY)
Hillary Clinton Campaign Slams Bernie Sanders Response on Racial Blindspots : Very Disturbing
A Great Graphic showing Bernie's Northern Nevada Win!!
Sanders's speech saying he would vote for Bill Clinton in 96
Take a deep breath and remember what the Democratic race looked like at this point in 2008
Clyburn: Sanders' Education Plan Is A Disaster For Private Black Colleges
Now That Trump Is The Nominee, These Republicans Say They're Voting For Hillary
Why did Bernie Sanders dominate Saturday? Caucuses in whiter states.
Bernie Block Parties
Bernies Revolution Hits a Wall
Stood and waited 8 1/2 hours for this moment. Well worth it.
Does anyone know how long FB blocks your invite ability when you've overdone it?
We need a contingent working on facebanking NY and CA NOW and NONSTOP.
Dispelling Fiction - Bernie's "I promise by the end of my first term we won't have the largest number of prisoners in the world" claim is impossible. Actually surprising information inside.
Getting in touch with Weaver or campaign officials?
Alright mods, this shit needs to stop. Deleted after 3k upvotes? The issues discussed in this thread are important
Bernie won the first Roll Call. They ignore it apparently.
We have one almost two full months to petition Superdelegates!
The Media is Lying to You - Hillary Clinton is Not the Democratic Presidential Nominee
Who here was part of the 'layoffs' and is it just MSM spun bs on the 'severity'?
Varieties of Voodoo - "By endorsing outlandish economic claims, the Sanders campaign is basically signaling that it doesnt believe its program can be sold on the merits, that it has to invoke a growth miracle to minimize the downsides of its vision."
It is true that Sanders is a one issue candidate, hear me out.
Response to SCOTUS Arguments
A California Dream & Why I Don't Think We Should Protest The Convention
Bernie's Vision
Bernie Sanders vs. Barack Obama
Bernie's South Carolina Surrender
Do we have a Sanders for Americans Abroad team anywhere?
Meet The Press and Corporate Media Sponsodered Ads
Susan Sarandon on Hilary Clinton and presidential election
So whose idea was it to put that god ugly cheese head on Bernie?
IMPORTANT QUESTION! Are we allowed to do this? (AMAZING RESULTS)
YES!!! FOR THE FIRST TIME TONIGHT OH MY GOD BERNIE FINALLY....
It's the way you treat people that defines your character.
AP Source: Clinton, Sanders discussing endorsement event
Give Hillary and DNC an Ultimatum
Take us to the Golden Age of Man Bernie!
The Long March of Bernies Army: Where it came from; where its headed.
Can someone please explain how winning Massachusetts could save Bernie's campaign?
De Blasio vouches for Clinton after 'botched' Wall Street answer
Don't despair: After March 15th the entire last half of the elected delegate race is favorable to Bernie
Thanks for nothing, Elizabeth Warren: How the Democratic Partys rock star missed her chance, hurt the progressive agenda
Sanders runs low on cash while Clinton stockpiles $30 million
Dear Mods, I love the volunteer work you do to keep this thread amazing, but we need to talk about the future of this sub.
Sanders pledges to work with Clinton after meeting with Obama
Montana results - Bernie wins but gets fewer delegates?
Talking point: if Hillary won 8 years ago we would probably have two more anti-LGBT judges on the Supreme Court. Hashtag idea. #wherewouldwebenow
Why Sanders Trails Clinton Among Minority Voters
To anyone saying Facebanking must not have been effective:
It's time to put my big boy pants on!
Bernie Sanders' Long History With Alternative Medicine
question about phonebanking locally versus out of state
Just donated for Bernie. I'm a Chinese citizen and never been to USA but I think under his leading we might hope for a better USA and a better world.
PPP North Carolina poll: Clinton 60(-1) Sanders 21(-3)
My son got to meet Bernie at the NH rally - he dressed for the occasion.
Help me understand this.. Even if Bernie plans on a contested convention, wouldn't it be pointless if he still doesn't have a majority?
Indiana is feeling the Bern!
Just realized that Trump, someone who no political experience acts more like a politician than Bernie, who has been in office for 40 years
Idea: Someone makes an app that opens a public hotspot called "Free wifi by Bernie Sanders" from your smartphone.
I think I have a great idea!
Hey Mods, can we clean up all these posts bashing and turning against Bernie. Either these people are trolls or just classless people.
The Democrats Are Headed for a Contested Convention Too
Thanks for nothing (or why it's important to educate yourselves on all the candidates on the ballot)
Bernie Sanders lost poor voters in South Carolina by a big margin  a problem for his political revolution
A Problem With Some Bernie Supporters.
I have a question about Sanders' College for All plan
Bernie Sanders "Never Tweet"
Is Obama feeling the Bern?
Maybe Sanders supporters are so young, because...
Disappointed with Bernie's views on Winston Churchill.
Curb Your Enthusiasm. Bernie is still behind in most polls and especially with African American voters
What would happen if Bernie won EVERY upcoming race by 16 points and the Democrats Abroad Primary by 30 points after todays results?
If we win 4 states today, Hillary will lose momentum and we WILL have the nomination. We have over 5,000 users online. If 1 out of every 5 people makes 10 calls, we can make 2,000 calls within a matter of MINUTES. Want another Michigan? DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT. Want a revolution? BE PART OF IT.
Not giving up!!
Ferrets For Bernie
What Can Be Learned About Bernie Sanders From His Time As Burlingtons Mayor?
Is there an alternative for facebanking
Back To Work We Go
Upcoming Races are in smaller states and spread out more. Demographically they are predisposed to Sanders. This is fertile territory for our phonebanking efforts to saturate states one by one.
Bernie Sanders, Integrity & the Nevada Caucus "English Only" Controversy
Reports' limitations plague Bernie Sanders' claim about high childhood poverty rates in the U.S.
FDU NJ Poll: Clinton 64, Sanders 27
Benchmark Politics on Twitter: "Clinton 50.5% - Sanders 49.5% in Oregon, early modeling. Closed primary, extremely old median age, mail in voting. https://t.co/fX5QvWxJ0b"
Thoughts on this CNN article?
What's going on with this sub? Have you all really given up and become cynical?
Bernie Sanders Will Hit the Campaign Trail With Hillary Clinton
Our next steps as the Progressive movement
Does anyone know the website that lets you create delegate allocation scenarios?
Polls v. Reality
Does sombody has the % or numbers of electronic voting/counting birdie vs hillary?
Bernie Power: Caucuses vs Primaries
Jimmy Fallon debuts Bernie Sanders impression - CNN Video
Democrats to Sanders: Time to wind it down (Protracted combat with Hillary Clinton threatens to do real damage in a general election against Donald Trump, senators warn)
Practical phonebanking question - when do polls close in Ohio?
What is standard practice at Bernie events?
Hillary Clinton Makes A Late Surge And Cuts Bernie Sanders Lead To 7 In New Hampshire
It was said that after Indiana, most of the states were clearly PRO-BERNIE. Instead, I see that we are still fighting too close each State that comes up. How come?
Invite all of your FB friends to like Bernie Sanders is 5 minutes with http://bernieinvite.com/
LIVE Stream: Bernie Sanders & Hillary Clinton Rally in Portsmouth, New Hampshire (July 12, 2016)
Its Dat Bernie
Can we create a subreddit for civil debate between the Democratic candidates?
We press on.
Winston Churchill was a colonialist monster. Bernie Sanders shouldnt embrace him.
An idea to stop Hillary Clinton
How Bernie Can Win (But He's Not Going To Like It)
Hi Bernie community! I'm new here but I wanted to share a couple of links that will give you some hope and spread the positive vibes!
My friend sent me this website about Sander's Donations, how should I respond?
If Sanders doesn't win the nomination, I might lean Trump.
Why I will not support Hillary Clinton, regardless of Bernie's possible endorsement of her.
Of the People, by the People, for the People (poster and written piece)
I made a deal with the devil
Why did Bernie say he'll vote for Hillary? Wasn't that an absolutely terrible move on his part?
WE NEED HISENBERN!!!!! Time to hold HRC's feet to the fire and demand actual change.
Sanders speaks out after White House meeting "I spoke with Hillary Clinton on Tuesday night. I congratulated her with very strong campaign. I look forward to meeting with her in the near future to see how we can work together".
Why is there no South Dakota event?
2016 Dewey Defeats Truman
Bernie drinking game
I'm glad everybody's picking themselves up, but we still need to do some soul searching. And reconnaissance
Texas ads?
What Does This Mean for Sanders?
What are Delegates?
Have been Pro-Bernie for awhile now - but my Canadian friend confronted me about Canadian Healthcare and how great it ISN'T. [Long lines - placement in line based on severity of issue and your age
Why Nevada was a bad sign for Bernie Sanders's "political revolution"
Well this is upsetting. Stephen Colbert claims on his show that Hillary needs 17% of the remaining delegates to clinch the nomination
Cenk from TYT has given up on Bernie this election, I'm considering giving up my membership.
A bird lands on Bernie's podium during his Portland, Oregon rally. "That bird is really a dove asking us for world peace," he said.
Congratulations, /r/SandersForPresident! You are Subreddit of the Day!
Donated another 27 dollars after how hard we worked for yesterday, anyone want to match me today?
Statistics break down of victory path
List of Aggressive Democratic Public Officials.
Who's more electable: Bernie Sanders or Hillary Clinton?
Can someone explain Bernie's votes on guns regarding the Brady Bill?
I predict Joe Biden will endorse Bernie Sanders today
Sanders ratchets up attacks on Democrats
Cruz rising in Iowa; Clinton back out to dominant lead
State of the Sanders Union: What are the objective, realistic chances we have at winning this?
Well, looks like Bernie has sold out. Time to pack it up, folks! /s
Duplicate posts should not always be deleted: The rules must change
After March 15th, could there possibly need to be a re-evaluation of our strategy?
Ohio mom breast feeds baby at Bernie Sanders rally
I'm very disappointed to find out that Bernie opposes nuclear power.
Perspective & Youth Voter Turnout
Spreading the word on League of Legends!
Sanders staffers messed up & all news isn't good news.
We want a political revolution. First we must defeat fascism.
Moving Tribute Bernie Sanders
Strategy to win Democrats: Compile Obama's best anti-HRC lines from 2008
(repost) Bernies ideas are radical, but unfortunately his campaign strategy is moderate at best (brainstorming thread!)
On Predictit.org, Bernie is currently at 11% to be democratic nominee, and 11% to be president, that means if Bernie wins the nomination he will almost certainly become president!
New strategy, or just use what we have but not emphasized enough!
STOP FIGHTING EACH OTHER OVER WHO YOU'RE GOING TO VOTE FOR
I wish more people understood what will realistically when Bernie is elected. What I tell people when they say they don't want to pay for all these free things with taxes.
Is this election straining anyone else's personal relationships?
Why does Reddit love Bernie Sanders?
I was a Republican, Now I Love Bernie
Can We Get A Post Warning People About The State Of The Sub?
Word of caution: Be vigilant against the defeatist attitude.
Is this sub really going to sit by and let pro-Trump voices dominate this sub?
[Not Malicious
Clinton voter fraud in Polk County, Iowa Caucus
Regardless of if Bernie ends up endorsing Hillary, let's all agree we will always support him.
What is an affidavit?
Predictions for the pledged delegate gap by the convention?
I wonder if it would be possible for an elected official to have their actions bound by a contract. Would such a contract be enforceable?
Does anyone else want to know why Bernie isn't rich?
Quick question about Facebanking
What states are we trying to do what in right now?
We need to start converting Hilary voters in Bernie ones
Is Bernie Sanders Healthy Enough To Be President?
Why African-American voters may doom Bernie Sanders candidacy
I'm a 44 year old gay man. I am kind of losing my mind right now over Clinton saying that Nancy Reagan helped people with HIV in the 80s...How do I start phone-banking for Sanders?
We need to draft someone to run against Warren
New CA poll conducted from MAY 04-16 with HRC +13
March for Bernie: Seattle Edition
Question about my provisional ballot
Ohio caller down?
Thank you Bernie for opening my eyes to the truth. I have the highest respect for you.
Bernie seemed rather angry after his talk with Obama.. no?
Disney CEO Hits Back at Sanders Criticism With Blunt Question: How Many Jobs Have You Created?
Honestly, Looking at the NY map after Today... It doesn't look that bad.
Just got out of the Bernie rally in Tulsa and he signed the best hat of them all
Iowa Polling Results (Gravis Marketing/One America New) - Bernie Sanders 36% (+5), Hillary Clinton 57% (+8)
remove 3 out of 19 pro hillary pollster from Iowa huffpollster, and you get:
This kid gave himself the Bernie cut
Steve Aoki at Bernie Event in Appleton?
If Trump won't debate Republicans anymore, would he debate Sanders?
Best Bernie Sanders Quotes From The Campaign Trail
Feel the Bern - Sebastian Castro [NSFW YouTube though...
Clinton moves to end the primary quickly: As her rivals gasp in Iowa, the front-runner is locking down later states.
I'll stop fighting for my candidate when he stops fighting for me. WE DO NOT GIVE UP! Match me?
FDR endorsed his opponent Al Smith and went on to win the nomination at the contested convention.
Maybe Obama doesn't want Bernie to win...
Bernie's Shop #losangeles
Sanders Supporters Propose Mobilizing Voters to Beat Trump
When you wake up from a nap
German living in the US wondering about the chances of Bernie winning.
Prescription cost per year and Bernie's proposal, need some questions cleared up.
Innocent question: What happened in CT ?
Should we have a two-tier system of healthcare?
Should Bernie do anything different to broaden his appeal? If so, what?
Shouldnt Older Men Be Going For Bernie?  MattBruenig
Mods - the popup about registering to vote blocks users from being able to select flair
I voted earlier using a provisional ballot, but I found my mail in ballot. Could I go in and swap them out?
How MSM, 538 and Clintonites feel about Bernie winning in the polls
BerniePB tracker broken?
Upcoming States
Delegate Count Leaving Bernie Sanders With Steep Climb
Why is the Mexican wall a bad thing?
New Friday poll has us down in NY by double digits. Think of all the crap we've had to endure this past week, or even throughout the primary. Alright then, "Bernie Bros". Time to get the last laugh. We need to #TakeNYByPhone
The Real Issue: People Are Too Lazy To Learn
Somebody Get This Man In The White House!
Did everyone give up? Get on the phones today.
We must share this far and wide.
Bernie's wholly inadequate foreign policy in the current environment will doom him to failure (DETAILED)
Joe Biden to the rescue of HRC?
Connecticut Frustration
I just donated $50 to let Bernie know that I am still fighting with him and for him. Match me to show your support! Let's show MSM that we have not given up! Can this be the biggest fundraising day yet? Let's fuel the fire for "Primary 2.0"!
On Meet the Press, former Secretary of Defense Robert Gates just supported Bernie Sanders' ISIS Policy over Clinton's, Cruz, and Trump's. Let's get people talking about this.
In 2008 Obama lost 21 states. KEEP PUSHING, KEEP FIGHTING WE CAN DO THIS!!!!
Any news on the AUA /r/socialism is going to have on /r/s4p ?
Help me inform my dad
Sanders voted for less gun background checks?
question about bernie's view on welfare?
Washington delegate count?
I've noticed a trend on this sub where a lot of people have recently started downvoting critical articles/opinions....
Here Are the 126 Celebrities That Just Endorsed Bernie Sanders for President
Anyone else curious if Trump's move was intentional?
My Prophesy on Senator Bernard Sanders
Tell me what I can do.
Why Bernie Sanders tawks that way
Apparently I'm this thing called a "Boomer" - How this subreddit has likely lost activist, after activist, after activist who probably will vote for Bernie Sanders, but are sufficiently repulsed that they say to hell with canvassing/phonebanking.
Keep my vote: Sanders dumping nuclear waste in poor communities.
Can we PLEASE stop using this subreddit to support other candidates?
@BernieSanders | "Our job now is to see our progressive platform implemented by a Democratic Senate, a Democratic House and a Hillary Clinton presidency."  Crosspost /r/Political_Revolution
What's going on? WHY IS NO ONE PHONEBANKING?
Bernie is leading the popular vote 151,584 to Hillary's 95,252
How Are We Going To Prevent California From Being The Same Electoral Farce We've Been Seeing So Far?
Hillary Offers Olive Branch To Sanders Supporters
Super Bern! our grassroots comedy video
Bernie Sanders (Campaign Trap Anthem) [Rap Song
[Meta
The cost of the electoral process vs higher education for all
If we lose Pennsylvania, we lose the primary.
My girlfriend supports Bernie but says she'll vote for Hillary if she has to because she doesn't want to lose out healthcare. If she right?
Where can I read Sanders thoughts on the benifits of capitalism?
While increasing negativity from Bernie's campaign concerns me...
CNN said Bernie stumbled in a NY Daily News interview. What's that about?
(Don't upvote) I know this has been asked all the time, but can Bernie still win? Realistically.
Why I am voting for Bernie regardless of any results up until November.
By not attacking Clinton, Bernie is failing his role as Democrat nominee's candidate
I agree with Hillary...
Assuming Bernie Wins the Nomination/Presidency, do you think he would give Clinton a Cabinet Position?
Let's play The Devil's Advocate. What is wrong with Bernie?
March for Bernie in front of the Nebraska State Capitol!
Question: Why doesn't Bernie run Independent in the general, and only drop out if polls show him losing on, say, Nov 1st?
Exposing Fracking to Sunlight
What would prevent Wall Street from moving out of the US after Bernie is elected?
PSA to all Sanders supporters: PLEASE STOP VANDALIZING
Bernie Sanders declares he is a strong feminist and honorary woman - The Washington Post
Dan Merica on Twitter: "This Sanders fundraising email flat out isn't true: None of Clinton's events yesterday cost $27,000 to attend."
Why Do People Love Bernie Sanders?
CNNs Brooke Baldwin Asks Bernie Sanders Supporters to Define the Word Socialist
Bernie Sanders Says 'My Job' Is to Make Sure Hillary Clinton Is Elected President
We can do this!
Any Psychologist or Psych student out there want to do a body language comparison video between Bernie and Hillary?
Reality check: Bernie still behind by 25% nationally
This sub has lost its mind.
As a Sanders supporter since the first time I heard him on Thom Hartmann's show years ago, I'm very disappointed in all of you who are turning on him now that things got hard.
My Californian uncle's 'valid reasons' for voting for Hillary over Bernie.
The results tonight in 4 states were remarkably close, with Clinton barely claiming victory. The true delegate count remains very close! Bernie is still very much in this race.
Just write the man in
Bernie phonebank game now closed?
Found this app, Brigade, after last nights depression lead internet rabbit hole. Does it have potential to help the political revolution?
Serious Goal question
What would Bernie Sanders offer to a Donald Trump supporter such as myself to win me over?
Sanders should support HR 40 (Commission to Study Reparations)
On climate change, and never voting for Clinton
The Young Turks - Live Show & Election Coverage
NO MORE BERNIE BRO-ING!!!!!!
Just voted early here in Texas! Feeling the Bern
Friendly message from a Hillary Clinton supporter
This is what modern feminism looks like.
Can anyone ELI5 about Clinton winning the Washington Primary?
I feel the Bern.
I think that even with less pledged delegates, Bernie can still win the nomination. Here's why.
How the election was really rigged against Bernie Sanders.
If you read this...
We need Bernie campaign to take action against the registration switches and drops happening all over NY.
Sanders won't debate Thursday unless Clinton agrees to future debates
False expectations and reality
Why were we against the temporary rules for the Nevada convention? I feel like there might be some misconceptions being repeated.
Ported my new Birdie Sanders game: Flappy Bernie to iOS / the App Store! Let me know how you like it :)
For anyone curious about May's FEC filing...
Washington Post says Bernie/Trump Debate unlikely - it may be, but not for the reasons they think
Unification
Brokered convention?
Bernie only visiting for town halls?
Do we need to be worried about the NYDN interview?
Question Regarding Preregistration for 17 y/o's in CA
Having a problem with Facebanking, can anybody help?
Where Bernie Sanders' political revolution has already succeeded
What Happened to the Campaign Tool Kit on the Side Bar?
Loras College Iowa poll: Clinton 59 (+0), Sanders 30 (+3)
Hillary Clinton says Bernie Sanders voted for regime change in Libya
Obama Privately Tells Donors That Time Is Coming to Unite Behind Hillary Clinton
An Idea Related to Clinton's Transcripts
I think the phonebank total on the banner busted.
I'm not voting for anyone in the primary or general Election until they address the fact that the Rent is Too Damn High
This sub needs to change direction (Bernie would not be proud of us)
Sanders Foreign Policy Falls Short: Socialism Means Internationalism
I am not a Democrat. I am a Bernie supporter. I am not lining up to vote HRC in November.
How Can I Get the Campaign to Stop Contacting Me?
The Sanders campaign is officially a success
Think of it this way: If the pro Bernie states went first, we'd have all the momentum and positivity!
Hey /r/sandersforpresident the world is watching you.
Can Bernie win California?
Will Bernie be able to enact his policies with the current senate?
Can you text bank?
Phonebankers urgently needed for the March 22nd states! These states are critical for restoring our momentum. Please help us out!
Clinton Had a Very Good Night, But the Democratic Race is Far From Finished - The majority of the delegates have yet to be chosen.
How has this not reached the front page yet?! The MOST EFFICIENT tool for facebanking -- AUTOMATIC TAGGING! I reached 300+ in Michigan in 20 minutes.
Hillary Clinton Embraces Ideas From Bernie Sanderss College Tuition Plan
Didn't we all envision a Sanders Administration for 8 years? IF AND ONLY IF OUR HOPES DO NOT MATERIALIZE, why couldn't Bernie run in 2020?
Has anyone compiled a list of superdelgates by state and figured how the count would go if they supported whoever win their state?
Audit Black Box Voting in Chicago
My rep is supporting Clinton
idea: AskBernieSupporters subreddit
We have won a huge victory just by getting Bernie's message out. Hillary has been froced to take his positions.
Bernie supporter in PA - looking forward
When do we get an update from the Bernie camp?
[Found Artwork - Last One
CLINTON LEADS SANDERS BY A WIDE MARGIN IN SOUTH CAROLINA, WITH STRONG SUPPORT FROM AFRICAN AMERICANS
How can I find out where Bernie is going
Need Help Explaining These Votes On Bernie's Record (or refuting them - cannot find them on his website )
Now is the time to announce Sen. Warren for VP
I am God and I endorse Bernie Sanders. Ask Me anything!
Wake the hell up. Bernie is not going to win JUST because he's the benevolent protagonist fighting the evil establishment. The next 4-8 years of your country are at stake, nothing should be more important. Get out there and FIGHT.
Don't give up. Work harder! Join me in donating $15 to show Bernie that we're still behind him on, and after, the 15th, and that we believe the best days of the primary (and ultimately victory) are ahead of us!
What happened to the positivity and policy discussion around here?
Recently moved from SF to NYC. Should I register here before primary, or vote absentee back in the CA primary?
Who is that guy again?
Fundamental Issue with Strict Capitalism (Video: 2:03) We shouldn't blame corporations for following profits, it's what capitalism says to do. I think an interesting way for Bernie to gain support, would be to convince other democrats that Strict Capitalism is flawed
My friend sent me a link to an article that wrote on Bernie voting for bills that increased prison population sizes. I remember reading/hearing something that said Bernie voted for bills he otherwise wouldn't have, due to fine line details. Are these those types of bills?
Marist College Poll - Apr. 6-10 :: Annotation Issue
Footage of Clinton and Sanders having a one-on-one about her Wall Street speeches.
How can Hilary beat the GOP when she'll have to spend all her money on Bernie?
Nate Silver says Bernie has a 25% chance of winning Nevada. Can someone tell me what he said Bernie's chances were in Iowa, comparatively?
Your theory of politics is wrong
Help, I'm demoralized. Tell me how we are going to close gaps nationwide that we needed An IA win to do.
Tired of posts saying that we should not lay out the facts on Clinton
This One Fact About Bernie Sanders Makes Him Even More Relatable & It's All Thanks To His Wife, Jane
Why do we keep blaming Sanders' lack of support in Black communities in South Carolina on name recognition? I think the Sanders campaign should try to change how they approach this demographic.
Did Bernie Sanders just send the most economically illiterate tweet ever?
Does Bernie have a good chance of winning the primary?
The Revolution Will Not Be Internet-ized
I'm disappointed in Sanders position on the Israel-Palestine conflict
So has this sub thrown in the towel on Phone Banking?
Maybe we lost because of our behavior.
Not affiliated with a party! Come quick!
If more people would do the PHONEBANKING instead of the COMMENTING, Bernie would win the nomination !
Sarah Silverman (7.79M followers): Bernie's jus 5yrs older than Trump he just doesn't have time to dye his hair & get a fake tan HE'S BUSY W OTHER SHIT
If anyone knows this guy, give him some love! March for Bernie, NYC TODAY:)
Vote Sanders. Everyone else will send your kids to war.
I Have an Idea:
How much do we need to raise to get a Bernie AMA going?
Bernie Mojo requested!!
The Moral Vision of Bernie Sanders
Is bernie actually going to tax people that make six figures at 95%?
Intelligent Youtube celebrity just endorsed Bernie Sanders
ECPS on Twitter: "BREAKING #iacaucus poll results: Democratic Top 3: @HillaryClinton: 51% @BernieSanders: 43% @MartinOMalley: 4% #EmersonPoll"
Serious question...is Bernie really losing?
Christians are often urged to vote for a "Godly Leader". But I've come to realize that voting for the Christian candidate isn't really in line with "Christ-likeness". Bernie may not be a religious man, but he stands for more "Christian values" than any other candidate - that is why he has my vote.
Bernie Sanders for President | Bernie Sanders Gets a Song | Vote Bernie Song Ukulele | Feel the Bern
The fact that it's SO CLOSE proves that every little thing everyone did as a result of this subreddit MATTERED 100%
CONGRATULATIONS!! We made 50,000 calls IN ONE DAY!! :) Everyone should be proud of their efforts!
Issues
First time ever voting and I felt the Bern tonight.
Did you really think that Sanders wouldn't endorse Hillary?
Bernie Sanders Calls Out Both Democrats And Republicans in 1989
@BernieSanders | "Together, we have begun a political revolution to transform America and that revolution continues. Together. Not me, us."  Crosspost /r/Political_Revolution
Sanders greatest victory so far was when the Clinton campaign gave private prison lobbyist cash to charity. Can a contested convention achieve similar progress?
Are you all not tired???
Can Bernie become the "people's president?"
Question about protests?
Is there any way I can still vote?
The Miami debate was Clintons personal nightmare
Bernie Sanders Doesn't Believe In Sell Out Clinton Era Welfare Reform
What Bernie Sanders told Lou Dobbs in 2007 about why he opposed the Kennedy-McCain immigration bill
Are there other supporters like me who are turned off by the term "revolution"? I prefer "renaissance". (If you disagree than comment. Not downvote)
Sanders Supporters Explain Socialism
Bernie Sanders grapples with promise not to go negative
Hillary Clinton to unveil major jobs and infrastructure spending proposal
Bernie Mic Drop: "Trump, you wouldnt know New York values if they were written in 50 foot gold letters on the side of the Empire State Building. New York values are the Statue of Liberty, not a wall between us and Mexico. In New York, we pride ourselves on our diversity. We dont divide people up."
Question: Why Didn't Bernie Attack Hillary More Regarding the Email Scandal?
Bernie vows a divisive platform fight at Philly confab
What's an acceptable level of inequality?
When are the campaign offices going to open up in California?
A note for Millenials for Sanders
Should this be part of Bernie's new message?
The curse of inevitability: After Hillary Clintons big wins, the media is already ignoring Bernie Sanders
What is Bernie's position on the PKK and other Kurdish Militias?
Bernie Sanders Has a Turnout Problem.
Muted Response to Sanders at South Carolina Church
How early to arrive for a rally?
In 2000, Sanders voted in favor of the CFMA, which prevented OTC derivatives from being more tightly regulated. OTC derivatives went on to be considered one of the causes of the financial crisis of 2008.
I'm from CD1 on Long Island, New York and I just gave Bernie $100. Please match me if you can. If you can't match that, try matching one of my others, $27, $10, $5, or $2.70. We cannot give up or get discouraged.
My opponent thinks free public college is too expensive. Well, the Iraq war was pretty damn expensive.
Stay Democrats until after your State's closed Primaries; Kansas, Connecticut, Wyoming, Florida, and Delaware [X-post /r/Political_Revolution
Joe Biden has been in the news an awful lot lately....
3 weeks ago I made a post seeking individuals to volunteer at election sights throughout CA to prevent fraud and disenfranchisement
Canadian here - with an observation concerning Bernie & Hillary
Here's what I really want to know about Bernie's (potential) strategy
As someone from Australia who is remotely interested in US politics at the moment, how likely is it that Sanders will beat Clinton this late in the race?
What are the similarities between Hillary and Romney??
The 6.2% tax increase paid by employers for the healthcare premium would hurt small businesses and self employed people, wouldn't it?
Just donated an additional $15 on top of my normal monthly donation.
Morning Consult Poll: Sanders Gains on Clinton; Trump Increases Lead
Quick question about Facebanking
Can we have a sticky that stays till the end of primary to give our feedback to the campaign?
How We Create The Winning Margins Needed
Crazed Woman Charges Bernie Sanders At Rally
What is the best form to donate ? (Paypal,visa,amex)
Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Model Wants Bernie Sanders To Be President
/r/PoliticalDiscussion thinks that Bernie would be unelectable, thoughts?
Please be careful
State of the Subreddit
New Nevada poll has Bernie down 50-27%
How Bernie Sanders Lost the Debate Before the Debate
Can't phonebank until monday....
Let's stop using polls as scare tactic.
Guys, I think we are coming off a bit too strong
Is it me, or is the Daily Show incredibly anti-Bernie?
You know what actually makes me sad about the events of last night?
Yoog! March For Bernie in Pittsburgh PA!
Do you support fracking? Hillary vs Bernie
[META
Trayvon Martins family attorney endorses Bernie Sanders | Fusion
Did Hillary just lie and infer that she has been fighting for LGBT rights for 40 years? Donate $40 to Bernie!
Bernie WON the coin tosses!! The rules state that "In the case where two or more preference groups are tied for the loss of a delegate, a coin shall be tossed to determine who LOSES the delegate!
Please cease all protests at Trump's rallies
How is this election doing compared the 2008 elections?
Hillary Clinton has a big problem
Has there been a #He'sWithUs hastag/chant?
On the Reflexive Downvoting of Anti-Bernie Articles
Can someone tell me why I should vote for Sanders and his economic policies. I'm starting to lose hope in him.
This campaign is so amazing - look what we just accomplished! 40,000 calls on the day of the primary. Keep it up until the convention!
Bernie Sanders Set to Endorse Hillary Clinton at New Hampshire Rally
REALITY CHECK: We are 3.73% of elected delegates behind, with only 21.45% of elected delegates assigned. We're doing just fine, people. Don't let up now, we can win this. Enough with the defeatism.
Sanders collides with black lawmakers
My brand new Bernie Sanders ONESIE! This fight isn't fucking over!
Attempt to open upcoming primaries to voters
Guys, we dropped the ball. Today is the last day to sign up for Moveon.org to vote in their endorsement poll. We need to make sure every Sanders supporter joins the site NOW. This group has even more members than DFA (7 mil). We only have 16 hours to make sure every Sanders supporter sees this.
In less than 48 hours, Bernie has successfully did what Hillary and every GOP candidate failed to pull off for several months make Donald Trump look bad.
5 numbers that explain how Clinton won Nevada
Talk me down
Read This Article In Slate That Claimed Bernie's Rise Was Due To Sexism, Here's My Response
Alabama Radio Host Blasts Bernie Sanders' Family, Cornel West
how can a small business be expected to pay 15$/hr?
OMalley: Bernie Sanders Is Rewriting History Of Obama Support In 2012
Bernie's smiling face adorns the cover of the new Rolling Stone magazine! What a great photo!
New NBC\WSJ\Marist poll Florida: Clinton 61 Sanders 34 Ohio: Clinton 58 Sanders 38 Illinois: Clinton 51 Sanders 45
Bernies Fundraising Was Revolutionary. How He Spent His Money Was Another Matter
We should be encouraging Sanders to cease taking part in this gun ban charade
Fox News Poll: Trump, Clinton rule Empire State
With Bernie right now circulating New York, can we have an honest discussion on his opposition to Indian Point Nuclear Power Plant?
I just donated to a political candidate for the first time ever. $27 for 27 Remaining Primaries and Caucuses. Match me! #IFeelTheBern
Why Bernie Sanders won the Democratic primary  even if he loses
I am deeply concerned Bernie is fighting an unwinnable battle.
What Leadership Looks Like
Mark Ruffalo to 2.28M followers: "Bernie is crushing it at @CNN debate! #DemDebate"
It's becoming clear there may likely be a 3rd challenge on the right, Bernie should do the same
I never understood the jabs aimed at supposedly overzealous Bernie supporters...until today.
Can non-US citizens donate to delegates' trip to Dem convention?
What can be done about super delegates - long-term?
FiveThirtyEight (News rooted in analytics) article accuses Sanders of sexism
Official Bernie and HRC joint event in NH on Tuesday page. Come out and support Bernie!
Boxer: Sanders appeals to young voters with grandpa effect
Dear Hillary Voters: It's Not Bernie's Fault She's Terrible
If Nevada was Primary instead of Caucus
If there's one thing I hope the Democratic Party establishment learns from Bernie's campaign...
are there any video animators in this group?
Robert Reich and Bernie
Far too many people were registered incorrectly in Florida, we need to fix that moving forward!
I won't be caucusing for Bernie
Bernie Sanders Makes Progress, But Hillary Clinton Remains The Favorite
The real enemies of this campaign
Bernies Way: The Vermont senator doesnt want to bring Republicans and Democrats together. He means to tear it all down.
I don't want to be pessimistic... but my jar is a little half empty right now. Here is why.
Martin O'Malley claims that when Bernie Sanders called for more debates he really wanted less.
States with sore loser laws?
Convention case. No independent run.
Quick question
What is the TRUE delegate count?!
Let's play nice [peace between candidates rant
Great Video to Convert Trump supporters to Bernie-- feed them their own sources.
Tyler pedigo data?
DANK MEMES - APRIL FOOLS JOKE?
A real liberal revolution starts with communities of color
Can someone please redo this and put BERNIE on it instead?
Change my view/Explain like I'm 10. Why should I vote for the Bern?
Caucus Cheat Sheet
Bernie Sanders is a real world Captain America
Delegates
If Bernie Sanders wins, what would your dream cabinet and vice-president picks be?
Are the data in this graph true?
That was disappointingly short and expended a lot of energy that should've been saved for other things.
[IAMA Request
Bernie Sanders Flirted With 100 Percent Marginal Tax on the Rich, Maximum Wage
A Future To Believe In - #BirdieSanders
[Discuss
Deciding where I'll go from here on out.
I got lucky: I just got changed to "Permanent absentee" instead of the wrong party.
This subreddit
As I understand it, Republicans can over-rule the delegate count at their convention. Can Democrats do this also?
Please help me understand the concept of a contested democratic convention...
Donate $26 to Bern the 26th!
To all the naysayers, I present the advantage of Caucus over Primary
Great catchy political tune, "You Can't Buy Bernie" - tells the facts in a way that is fun and sticks in one's head, excellent campaign song!
Can Bernie Sanders create a new Party to rival the traditional two?
Bernies ideas are radical, but unfortunately his promotional strategy isnt.
Mods need to chill (an anecdote)
Should there be a "suspicious behaviour on Caucus" megathread?
Donald Trump and Ted Cruz surge in Florida; Bernie Sanders no threat to Hillary Clinton [HRC 62, Sanders 26
Bernie Sanders compares Hillary Clinton to Dick Cheney
Let our voices be heard. Who else feels betrayed?
Bernie has spoken multiple times about how important the environment is, but hasn't addressed one of the biggest polluters and green house gas producers. The Agriculture industry.
Let's Call #DonaldDucks Bluff. If it Really Is About the Money, Let's Raise $10mil for His Speaking Fee
[Serious
Ok guys, if we make Hillary unelectable in the next 6 states, by April 5, with even a tie in Wisconsin we should have taken the advantage of delegates.
Last minute Bernie Supporter in Michigan, here. Small suggestion to all of you: chill on the "Facebanking"
Be careful when Facebanking - FB people are annoyed. Calling Bernie Spamders
Alright! It's game time. Let's Get Out The Vote!
What if I told you that all it would take for Bernie Sanders to win the nomination is 35,000 calls made every day from now until June 7, would you start dialing then? OUR LOW EFFORT IS HILLARY'S PATH TO THE NOMINATION - WE'VE COME TOO FAR TOGETHER TO LOSE HOPE NOW
Why is there so much ageism in this subreddit?
BERNIE SANDERS BODY LANGUAGE SAYS HE ANGRILY AND RELUCTANTLY ENDORSES HILLARY CLINTON
Hilary is in the top 1% Bernie is in the top 10% in income.
Trump and Hillary pulling out of the debate creates a great opportunity for Bernie to have a debate with another candidate such as Gary Johnson and/or Jill Stein.
Let's get real here for a second
Rachel Maddow Confronts Debbie Wasserman Schultz On Democratic Superdelegates
Thank you for your submissions to the thread concerning the future of this sub, but there's something you need to know.
I'm furious that I cannot vote for Bernie in my home state (stupid New York registration rules). So I decided to canvass for 12 hours today. Halfway done. Round two tomorrow! Let's take New York!
Queens, NY checking in! 5th person to vote in my district.
Clinton is getting arrogant, not planning to spend 1 dollar on TV ads in the remaining states. I'd hate to be cheesy, but slow and steady can win the race if we make Indiana a blowout victory and it's an OPEN primary! How about 100,000 calls today?
I just got a call from my dad in Virginia asking who he should vote for. He said, "It's your future, so I want to know who you want."
How to make downvotes productive
They did it. They called it for Clinton. Guess what i have to say to that? SCREW THAT. Join me and donate $50 to Bernie to show superdelegates that this campaign is the only one with the grassroots, small donor support that can take on Trump WITHOUT a superPAC.
Dont give up hope (match me)
MLK WAS A DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST UPDANK IN 20 seconds
We won't give up! The chance is real but the fight is hard. It will only happen if we keep pushing.
Bernie rally song by a band up in Portland.
Bernies Forecast As An Independent In The General Elections
Clinton has won 10 million votes so far. That is only 3% of the population of America. That's no mandate.
Can you vote early in Utah?
Just talked to Hillary supporter and what he said is making me think a lot
I thought it was a great Facebook app for reminding Bernie fans of Super Tuesday... turns out I'm just rude
Can someone point me to a guide to getting started phone banking using google voice for those of us outside the US?
The reddit circle jerk over Sanders has pretty much guaranteed that I am not going to vote for him if he wins the nomination. Change my view.
Fact-checking Bernie Sanders' comments on climate change and terrorism
Bernie Brahs: How do I contribute more?
In the unlikely event of a three person race between Trump, Clinton, and Sanders who would win?
Genuinely curious, what are we hoping for in the Trump/Sanders debate?
Bernie's Tax Rate
I got yelled at :(
Can we discuss Bernie's mistakes or is this taboo?
Missing Birdie Sanders Sticker
I have some questions for you guys.
Stream-A-Thon for South Carolina and Bernie Sanders
Sanders dismisses major womens group as establishment
4 new national polls today
Clinton: I expect Sanders to call for unity after tuesday
My Grandfather found out i voted for Sanders and sent me this email (Long)
Check This Shit: Bernie Sanders, Civil Rights Hero
Pro-Sanders Union Gets Behind Clinton
**Swap out , Don't drop out!**
"The Democratic race looks extremely close... BUT, its going to be very difficult for Sanders to make up that deficit. In very liberal, academic Iowa City, Bernie's lead is not as he might have expected there, and his leads elsewhere arent nearly as large."
Under Sanders, income and jobs would soar, economist says
Benchmark Politics on Twitter: "Montana County Benchmarks: Sanders 62% - Clinton 38%"
Kentucky official: Hillary Clinton apparent winner
The statistical basis (and minor lack thereof) in claiming Clinton election fraud vs. exit polling
Bernie Sanders says he polls better against GOP candidates than Hillary Clinton
Ned Beatty Explains Why Bernie Isn't Winning - "The World is a Business"
CrossTalk: Bernie's Quest
Question about Bernie's Medicare for all Single Payer Tax Plan.
is there a place which lists all of the rallys that sanders will be appearing at that isn't based on distance from me? I can only search on the official site for events within 100 miles which is nothing.
The Washington Post's slanted coverage of Bernie's campaign
Which banks are Too Big To Fail, and what would a break up look like?
Sanders Veterans scandal
Hillary Clinton Narrowly Defeats Bernie Sanders in Iowa Democratic Caucuses
As much as I can't stand conservatives, I can't help but agree with them when they say that bigger government means more corruption.
What is Bernie Sanders plans to prevent these things from happening?
Gringos for Hispanics for Bernie (converting the hired hands)
The Two Sides of Sanders (project for my art class)
Second guessing who I want to become president
I just realized the official Facebook pages for Donald Trump and Ben Carson both have more Likes than Bernie Sanders', and it quickly put me into a state of depression. Help!
The Bernie Bounce
You told us, you will fight for every vote for every delegate! because every vote counts! So many states later...
Example of "Headline Bias" in News Article Today
When did this sub switch to being no news and only grassroots organising?
Name the one reason, a policy or trait, that ultimately led to your support of Bernie Sanders.
Canvasser recruitment and support idea
Sanders for Independent Candidate
Does Bernie care about Asian American issues?
Please Read!!!!!
This Land Is Your Land
Clinton Surrogate Knocks Jane Sanders for Playing Nice With Joe Arpaio
Trump winning is good for us.
This isn't directly election related but I wanted to share with you a Bernie-esque tax policy being adopted in Ecuador after their 7.8 earthquake last week.
Can Bernie Sanders turn the United States into Denmark? An investigation.
Bernie Sanders is under attack for lack of civil rights record
Bernie Sanders: A Loser's Life?
Sanders IRC or something like that?
Sanders live now!
To me as an African American, this picture of Bernie solidified that he is the best representative for my people. So I decided to make it into a poster. I hope you like it.
[Serious
A United States government owned and operated media outlet, Voice of America, published a hit piece on Democratic presidential candidate Senator Bernie Sanders, calling him a "shill" for undemocratic regimes.
Help Responding to my Stepdad's Letter Supporting Trump (I want to counter with Bernie facts)
So much going on in this sub today
If Bernie fails to gain DNC nomination, will he run as an independent?
Some more rough analysis regarding errors in the polls
Sanders has the resources and a plan to go the distance. Will it matter?
Crazy Fundraising Idea
Bernie Sanders Was Right To Condemn Henry Kissinger. But Why Did He Praise Winston Churchill?
"Increasingly nasty battle for Hispanics in NV gets uglier as woman Sanders listed as backer says she's w/Hillary. " - @RalstonReports
Sanders military adviser briefed him once
Biden Joins Other Dems Knocking Sanders: We Dont Need Socialism
Ultraviolet | Statement from Nita Chaudhary, co-founder of UltraViolet in response to Bernie Sanders labeling Planned Parenthood as part of the political establishment
Should Bernie Sanders Support Reparations?
Most of Bernie Sanderss big ideas are dead-on-arrival in Congress
What's a Bernie Sanders stance that you DON'T like?
Bernie Sanders wins Michigan in stunning upset
We made 40,000 calls today! But we still have an hour left! Lets make it 50,000!
Together.
Moderators inconsistency
So we have two weeks to flip delegates and super delegates over to President Sanders. What do they respond to? [Serious
The Alternative Vote Explained - If Bernie could have gotten the DNC to push for this, his endorsement would have been more worth it
Not Me; Bernardus!
"I Just Don't Know if Bernie's Policies are Feasible."
Contested Convention Math
I need help breaking down this article. I've seen info verifying what Sanders says, so how much of what the CEO said is true?
Here's the path forward for Bernie Sanders and his revolutionaries
This is not the time to give up!
Confused about Monday 3/14
Do you trust Hillary Clinton? I trust only Bernie Sanders in 2016
My conflict today: vote for Bernie or vote against Trump...?
Hey, Bernie, Vermont Is Not Enough: Your Guide To Super Tuesday's Challenges
The time for incremental event driven giving is over. Evaluate your budget and give it all NOW.
ELI 5: How does a large increase in minimum wage not just create an inflated economy?
New York Times writes a Bernie Take-Down article about his time as VA Chairman. "His deep-seated faith in the fundamental goodness of government blinded him,"-NYT.
Sanders wont give previously advertised foreign policy speech before Iowa caucuses, aide says
CBS Evening News: Washington Post hits Bernie Sanders with stinging op-ed
TheBernReport Poll Who did the best job at the CNN Forum
Carl Wolfson Says Hes Ending His XRAY.FM Radio Show Because Bernie Sanders Supporters Have Gotten Too Nasty - Willamette Week
Bernie Sanders May Be Taking More Rides on Private Planes
1 sanders, 3 trumps. Bernie for the win.
Neil Cavuto Repeatedly Confronts Student Pushing Free College Plan With Harsh Facts - Keely Mullen
"How are Bernie's donations skyrocketing after so many losses in SC and Super Tuesday?" This is what I want the headlines to look like. DO NOT QUIT FIGHTING.
Sanders Supporters Don't Understand Math!?
SANDER's OUTLOOK and WHY WE MUST FIGHT.
Mods are you F*in kidding me.?
I am a Trump supporter and I have one thing to say to you guys. (Please read before downvoting)
I Voted Today In Florida! But not before I converted two of my Sisters, my Mother, Father, Uncle, Aunt and two Cousins.
Hoping to make Texas a blue state! First time voter in Austin.
Kansas has always correctly predicted the Democratic nominee for the past 50 years.
Clintons tricky task now: Can she ignore Sanders?
Why is Bernie anti nuclear energy when nuclear energy is the most safe and sustainable energy resource?
The Guardian: Bernie Sanders' candidacy is a first for Jews. Why isn't he talking about it?
President Obama quietly signed the TPP deal while I slept. I log in at work to find out AT&T is shipping our jobs overseas. Didn't even wait 24 hours.
We absolutely lit up Wisconsin today, and that's awesome! Wisconsin is closed for calls now but the fun doesn't have to end! We can still bring that fire to Wyoming and Oregon. Keep going!
I maxed out my donation to Bernie after his incredible town hall appearance
We can win by 40-60 pts. in Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Oregon, and by 20-40 pts. in Indiana, West Virginia, Kentucky, New Jersey, New Mexico, and California IF WE WORK FOR IT.
Sanders: It doesnt appear that Im going to be the nominee
I'm feeling sick.
WE DID IT!! $40 MILLION IN THE MONTH OF FEBRUARY!!
"Where was he when I was trying to get healthcare in '93 and '94?"
I can shitpost too
Bernie Emails ... personally I'm signed up to receive Bernie and Hillary emails and I want to know why don't get any from Bernie !
How rational would it be for Sanders to run as a 3rd party?
Criticism of Bernie's College Tution Plan
An Investigation: Which Presidential Campaigns Have the Largest Gender Wage Disparities?
Primaries as of April 27th
All the way
Saw this Hater on the bus. Needless to say I knew my memes would prevail over logic.
Possible way to target over 65 years old or those lacking internet access
Overall on average, how much % of votes does Bernie need from the states that haven't voted?
In the bathroom
Media unfairly comparing turnout to 2008, missing the bigger picture
Sanders points to Goldman Sachs CEO as evidence of Wall Street power over Washington
Clinton: Sanders' health care plan 'will never, ever come to pass'
With all the negativity in the media about Bernie Sanders, isn't at least some of it legal slander? So why is the campaign not launching lawsuits to fight this? Why are non-campaign lawyers not stepping up and launching pro-bono suits in the campaign's name?
Republicans for Bernie Sanders!
C-SPAN Stream: Clinton Precinct Chair lied about the vote counting in Precinct 43 and it was all caught on camera.
Hillary Clinton is officially the nominee of the Democratic Party to the President of the United States.
TIL that under Hillary Clinton's plan, Americans can expect to pay an extra $5 trillion over the next ten years in out-of-pocket expenses for health care. Under Bernie's plan, Americans will save about $1.7k annually. Spread this like wildfire.
When I started supporting Bernie, it wasn't because I thought he would win or lose. It's because he shares the same beliefs as I do.
My Republican Dad and Step-Mom Have Come Around!
DNC took Bernie signs and gave out their own signs, so we modified them...
Hey Bernie, cool it on Hillary, warns this former Democratic hopeful... [Tone it down for what!?
Convince me to vote for Bernie
I made a Bernie poster by handwriting the first names of his many donors
NY Berners just finished our canvassing trip to Youngstown, OH. People want to talk about Bernie. Please phonebank, canvas, and donate. I'm the squinty one on left.
This feels like a Trump Subreddit
Quick Ohio question, dont upvote
Maybe Let Go of the Trump Debate?
Those of you with experience and/or who are good at convincing people, what are good methods of phonebanking?
Why are so many Bernie fans sayng they vote for Trump if Hillary wins the candidancy?
Hillary Clinton wins South Carolina primary
Why is Bernie wasting his time is even he believe Clinton can't beat Trump?
Sanders campaign manager to help organize voters for Clinton
Sanders delegates amazed they need cash for DNC trip
Where did Sanders campaign supporters and members go wrong and what have we learned?
Went to my small hometown to visit family and this happened to my Bernie sticker
Important Rally Question
Congress and State elections are essential for the revolution. Here's how we win them:
Reflecting on Facebanking
#FocusTheBern! There is a major difference in the value of your call
Youth Turnout was too low to win
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders take part in Democratic town hall  as it happened | US news
NYT Editorial: Ther Bernie Sanders Revolution
WTF Happened to Bernie Sanders in South Carolina, Explained ("The Vermont senator has worked diligently to make inroads with African-American voters...but there was no payoff")
ELI5 Phonebanking
As a 23 year old, working class, gay, Latino millennial, I plan on running to be a delegate to represent my beautiful state of Arizona in Philadelphia so that our voices are heard and my vote represents the best interests of the people at large.
Largest Nurse's Union (37,000+ members) in NY Endorses Bernie Sanders for President!
Bernie Sanders: Hillary Clinton Won Fair And Square
From Bernie Sanders Supporters, Death Threats Over Delegates
Hating on Bernie for supporting Hillary undermines progress made by his campaign and makes it easier for her to go back to her old ways.
Puerto Rico Results...hmmmm
Test post do not upvote. Those of you who have Facebook - is this link showing as "Page Not Found"?
Trump didn't want to debate Bernie because it would be much easier to use his Republican influence and money to pressure DoJ to indict AFTER she's crowned Dem candidate.
Am I just paranoid?
Respectfully, where is my money going when I donate to Sanders?
Moving Forward - Strategies for the Berniecrat Movement
The American Crisis (What comes to my mind after last night)
Why isn't Bernie already campaigning in EVERY REMAINING STATE? What needs to occur in order for this to happen? Clinton has been in every state from day one and is killing him with her ground game.
Bernie Sanders Open To Help From Superdelegates [part 1
I think I needed to donate $20 to get over this hangover from Tuesday. Yes victory is a longshot, but Bernie is a shot worth fighting for. And I will be damned if I fold after one lousy night.
Swedish Feminists For Bernie - The People For Bernie Sanders 2016
M.D. Harmon: Maybe Sanders knows something that might affect the campaign
Honest question: Has anyone ever come back from as far behind as Bernie is right now?
Why is nobody calling out the feminists who are bashing the female Bernie supporters?
On to New Hampshire! Forget about Iowa.
We're being played by the polls.
Sanders says Koch brothers are outspending either political party in 2016 elections.
The Pro-Trump sentiment has to stop, it is getting scary
Drew sanders on the university library whiteboard, alongside other inspirations.
Obama held weekend call with Sanders
Sanders Makes Nice, Says He'll 'Certainly Support' Clinton if She's the Democratic Nominee
Sanders confirms he is running for Senate re-election in 2018.
Tulsi Gabbard on the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) "The Trans-Pacific Partnership is a bad for the American people, especially the middle class."
.@BernieSanders wont use his massive email list to fundraise for @HillaryClinton
Bernie Sanders: "No, I Will Not Yield!" (6/4/1992) [neither should you!
A Message for the Trolls Here Tonight
Hillary Clinton Talks Tough on Shadow Banking, But Blackstone Is Celebrating at the DNC
Anyone remember almost a year ago, when we all got massively excited by this? Never forget.
Post Convention Real Time with Bill Maher Interview with Bernie Sanders (VIDEO)
Met this guy wearing a Bernie onesie at the DNC protests
Here's a photo I took at the DNC that I thought you guys might appreciate!
Remembering when Bernie cared enough to give Black Lives Matter a voice
When Bernie proved he's the most fashionable candidate
See you all in 2020. Forever forward my friends.
I Wasn't Ready to Say Goodbye - S4P Mods Are As Varied & Passionate As You
Artist rendering of Killer Mike's interview with Bernie, one of my favourite moments of the campaign.
Sanders media consultants to work for Wasserman Schultz challenger
Campaign For Universal Health Care In Colorado Seeks Bernie Sanders' Help
Ohio's Nina Turner Has Gained New Fans After Convention Snub
I remember thinking I'd never seen such a genuine smile on a politician in my life as I did with Sanders in this video.
To Win, Hillary Should Be Like Bernie, New Poll Suggests
One of my favorite moments from our historic campaign. I love you folks, and will miss you.
Good Night /r/SandersForPresident!
Don't give up! Tim Canova's primary against DWS is on August 30th. Facebank your friends to help phonebank and canvass!!! Remind people in his district that they have to be registered as a dem by August 1st.
Tulsi on Campaign Finance Reform - Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard is committed to taking big money superpacs out of politics, and empowering the people.
WATCH: Sanders Supporters Cheer Bernie on Last Day of DNC
Bernthology - A social anthology for Bernie Sanders and the revolution he is inspiring. 729+ fan made songs, videos, and creative artworks...
Thank You Bernie Sanders
So long and thanks for all the fish, /r/sfp
RoseAnn DeMoro on Twitter: "I'm #StillSanders & supporting #Bernie to win change for the 99% http://ourrevolution.com #FridayFeeling #FeelTheBern"
Reflections and Resolutions: Moving Forward
Wasserman Schultz: 'Sometimes you just have to take one for the team'
At the DNC, Fossil Fuel Lobbyists Shack Up With the Fourth Estate
Nate Silver: Bernie Sanders Could Win Iowa And New Hampshire. Then Lose Everywhere Else.
On the closure of /r/sandersforpresident
Thanks from a Gen Xer who learned a shitload this last year...
Congressional Internships in DC and Hawaii with Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard | Representing the 2nd District of Hawaii
100,000 people have come to recent Bernie Sanders rallies. How does he do it?
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "Im Jewish. My fathers family died in concentration camps. I will do everything I can to rid this country of the ugly stain of racism."
Bernie Sanders says to support third parties (1991)
As S4P reaches it's close, always remember one thing from the man himself- "Never, ever lose your sense of outrage."
Farewell S4P. Bernie earned your vote. Hold other candidates to the high same standard.
Remember facebanking? Shout out to all of you who helped spread the word on Facebook!
TPP: Top Lobbyist Says TPP Will Probably Become Law Soon After Nov. 8th
The love train goes on: 9 Bernie state delegates from Dallas became Deputy Voter Registrars last night. Ending the primaries on positive action. #RememberMaricopa
Before we go our separate ways, remember, "never ever lose your sense of outage"
Thank you Bernie!
The End
Goodbye S4P
A New Progressive Subreddit. Working to keep the movement alive and support the man who brought us all together.
Dnc living in a cold war era.
Feel the bern
My goodbye to a passion project two plus years in the making. And an invitation to the next step.
This Old Man, Hope
Thank You Bernie Sanders
Good Bye!
Thank you r/SandersforPresident
Remember RollingStone's great video at the very beginning of the campaign?
Reddit boosts Sanders' momentum
Goodbye
Best of /r/SandersForPresident 2015 Winners  /r/SandersForPresident
Why Bernie Sanders was the real victor in 2016
While we are all sharing memories of the campaign, and wishing each other a find farewell...
'From mid-range he could kill you': Bernie Sanders' basketball days | Sport
So since we have proof of collusion between Hillary, the DNC, and I think the white house: Can't we just contact the FBI?
Bernie Sanders Officially Announces 2016 Presidential Run
Saying goodbye to a great community, and looking forward to a progressive future.
The community is already fracturing.
Why are surveys showing 90% of Sanders supporters voting for Hillary?
Love
Dear Americans, From a Canadian
I STAND WITH BERNIE SANDERS!
for those that care, i've created a subreddit to use when this one shuts down
Thank you Bernie!
Goodbye once again
Bernie Sanders won't hit Clinton on 'damn emails'
Bernie Sanders' Reddit supporters raise $1M
Thank you S4P Family
Thanks S4P
Bernie Sanders - Stand Up to the Beast of America
Thank You!
Thank you r/s4p
That one time Bernie introduced us to Tulsi!
Help! Blue pill or Red pill?
Bernie Delegate's Powerful Message at the DNC:something for us all to remember and make happen. It's up to us.
Don't look back, /r/SandersForPresident. A new day is breakin'.
The Bernie Revolution Continues
The election has shown that politics is going the way of Organized Religion: People just dont want to belong to dogmatic groups any more This is the true revolution
It's been a great ride. My final SandersforPresident post with some opinions and advice.
I did not sign up for this... "HRC Mobile Action Network"
Tulsi Gabbards positions on Standing Up for LGBT Rights and Marriage Equality
Why the sudden influx of Tulsi Gabbard posts?
Thank You to SandersForPresident for the voice you've given us.
Rosario Dawson On The Young Turks: Great summary and discussion of how different groups of supporters in the Bernie movement are feeling and moving forward from here...
Or that one time Bernie owned Coachella?
Thank you BERNIE! Thank you intrepid MODS!
Is This the Future of Bernie's Revolution? | Mother Jones
This is one of the moments I want you all to never forget and use as fuel...
What happened to Nina Turner?
On what comes next.
What are you doing with your Bernie bumper stickers?
#Bernexit
Behind the Name: Meaning, origin and history of the name Bernard
Anyone else see Bill Maher right now?
Trump
Bernie and the FORCE will long endure.
What Bernie Sanders Plans to Do Next
A plea to fellow Berners
An open letter to my fellow Berners
Hillary Clinton's campaign must acknowledge Berner grievances - xpost from /r/strongertogether
I supported Bernie and I'm sorry he's not the nominee. But we now have only 100 days to keep a madman out of the White House. Time to put aside our differences and get to work.
Bernie Sanders Has A Message For His Loudest Supporters Donald Trump is the worst candidate for president in the modern history of this country,
The next president will likely appoint 4 Supreme Court justices: Who do you want picking them?
Bernie Sanders' former press secretary: "NO ONE STOLE THIS ELECTION"
Remember that one time Mother Nature felt the Bern?
An open letter to my fellow Berners
On the closure of /r/sandersforpresident
Anyone else see Bill Maher right now?
Behind the Name: Meaning, origin and history of the name Bernard
What Bernie Sanders Plans to Do Next
A plea to fellow Berners
Bernie Sanders Has A Message For His Loudest Supporters Donald Trump is the worst candidate for president in the modern history of this country,
Bernie Sanders won't hit Clinton on 'damn emails'
It's been a great ride. My final SandersforPresident post with some opinions and advice.
Rosario Dawson On The Young Turks: Great summary and discussion of how different groups of supporters in the Bernie movement are feeling and moving forward from here...
Thanks S4P
Reflections and Resolutions: Moving Forward
Thank You!
Remembering when Bernie cared enough to give Black Lives Matter a voice
Good Bye!
Thank you Bernie!
The next president will likely appoint 4 Supreme Court justices: Who do you want picking them?
Don't look back, /r/SandersForPresident. A new day is breakin'.
I supported Bernie and I'm sorry he's not the nominee. But we now have only 100 days to keep a madman out of the White House. Time to put aside our differences and get to work.
Goodbye
Love
Feel the bern
Tulsi Gabbards positions on Standing Up for LGBT Rights and Marriage Equality
Bernie Sanders' Reddit supporters raise $1M
Goodbye S4P
Thank you S4P Family
This is one of the moments I want you all to never forget and use as fuel...
Best of /r/SandersForPresident 2015 Winners  /r/SandersForPresident
Bernie Sanders' former press secretary: "NO ONE STOLE THIS ELECTION"
On what comes next.
The community is already fracturing.
Or that one time Bernie owned Coachella?
I did not sign up for this... "HRC Mobile Action Network"
While we are all sharing memories of the campaign, and wishing each other a find farewell...
Thank you r/s4p
That one time Bernie introduced us to Tulsi!
Thank You to SandersForPresident for the voice you've given us.
Saying goodbye to a great community, and looking forward to a progressive future.
When Bernie proved he's the most fashionable candidate
I STAND WITH BERNIE SANDERS!
Remember RollingStone's great video at the very beginning of the campaign?
Thank You Bernie Sanders
A New Progressive Subreddit. Working to keep the movement alive and support the man who brought us all together.
Thank you r/SandersforPresident
Bernie Sanders Officially Announces 2016 Presidential Run
Thank you BERNIE! Thank you intrepid MODS!
The Bernie Revolution Continues
Bernie Sanders says to support third parties (1991)
'From mid-range he could kill you': Bernie Sanders' basketball days | Sport
As S4P reaches it's close, always remember one thing from the man himself- "Never, ever lose your sense of outrage."
Farewell S4P. Bernie earned your vote. Hold other candidates to the high same standard.
My goodbye to a passion project two plus years in the making. And an invitation to the next step.
What are you doing with your Bernie bumper stickers?
Thank you Bernie!
Before we go our separate ways, remember, "never ever lose your sense of outage"
Good Night /r/SandersForPresident!
Why are surveys showing 90% of Sanders supporters voting for Hillary?
The End
Bernie and the FORCE will long endure.
Why Bernie Sanders was the real victor in 2016
A Message for the Trolls Here Tonight
for those that care, i've created a subreddit to use when this one shuts down
So since we have proof of collusion between Hillary, the DNC, and I think the white house: Can't we just contact the FBI?
Dear Americans, From a Canadian
To Win, Hillary Should Be Like Bernie, New Poll Suggests
Hillary Clinton Talks Tough on Shadow Banking, But Blackstone Is Celebrating at the DNC
Goodbye once again
Tulsi Gabbard on the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) "The Trans-Pacific Partnership is a bad for the American people, especially the middle class."
Trump
Remember facebanking? Shout out to all of you who helped spread the word on Facebook!
100,000 people have come to recent Bernie Sanders rallies. How does he do it?
I Wasn't Ready to Say Goodbye - S4P Mods Are As Varied & Passionate As You
Tulsi on Campaign Finance Reform - Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard is committed to taking big money superpacs out of politics, and empowering the people.
So long and thanks for all the fish, /r/sfp
Met this guy wearing a Bernie onesie at the DNC protests
Bernie Delegate's Powerful Message at the DNC:something for us all to remember and make happen. It's up to us.
Help! Blue pill or Red pill?
Nate Silver: Bernie Sanders Could Win Iowa And New Hampshire. Then Lose Everywhere Else.
The election has shown that politics is going the way of Organized Religion: People just dont want to belong to dogmatic groups any more This is the true revolution
WATCH: Sanders Supporters Cheer Bernie on Last Day of DNC
Thanks from a Gen Xer who learned a shitload this last year...
This Old Man, Hope
Bernie Sanders: "No, I Will Not Yield!" (6/4/1992) [neither should you!
Thank You Bernie Sanders
#Bernexit
RoseAnn DeMoro on Twitter: "I'm #StillSanders & supporting #Bernie to win change for the 99% http://ourrevolution.com #FridayFeeling #FeelTheBern"
Wasserman Schultz: 'Sometimes you just have to take one for the team'
Post Convention Real Time with Bill Maher Interview with Bernie Sanders (VIDEO)
Artist rendering of Killer Mike's interview with Bernie, one of my favourite moments of the campaign.
See you all in 2020. Forever forward my friends.
Reddit boosts Sanders' momentum
One of my favorite moments from our historic campaign. I love you folks, and will miss you.
Ohio's Nina Turner Has Gained New Fans After Convention Snub
Don't give up! Tim Canova's primary against DWS is on August 30th. Facebank your friends to help phonebank and canvass!!! Remind people in his district that they have to be registered as a dem by August 1st.
Bernthology - A social anthology for Bernie Sanders and the revolution he is inspiring. 729+ fan made songs, videos, and creative artworks...
.@BernieSanders wont use his massive email list to fundraise for @HillaryClinton
Anyone remember almost a year ago, when we all got massively excited by this? Never forget.
I remember thinking I'd never seen such a genuine smile on a politician in my life as I did with Sanders in this video.
Congressional Internships in DC and Hawaii with Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard | Representing the 2nd District of Hawaii
Here's a photo I took at the DNC that I thought you guys might appreciate!
Bernie Sanders - Stand Up to the Beast of America
Is This the Future of Bernie's Revolution? | Mother Jones
Campaign For Universal Health Care In Colorado Seeks Bernie Sanders' Help
Why the sudden influx of Tulsi Gabbard posts?
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "Im Jewish. My fathers family died in concentration camps. I will do everything I can to rid this country of the ugly stain of racism."
Sanders media consultants to work for Wasserman Schultz challenger
At the DNC, Fossil Fuel Lobbyists Shack Up With the Fourth Estate
Sanders confirms he is running for Senate re-election in 2018.
The love train goes on: 9 Bernie state delegates from Dallas became Deputy Voter Registrars last night. Ending the primaries on positive action. #RememberMaricopa
TPP: Top Lobbyist Says TPP Will Probably Become Law Soon After Nov. 8th
Dnc living in a cold war era.
What happened to Nina Turner?
"When giant drug companies spend $70 million to stop single payer, it means that they are NERVOUS. Keep fighting!" - The Political Revolution
New Leak: Top DNC Official Wanted to Use Bernie Sanderss Religious Beliefs Against Him
Susan Sarandon: DNC email leak confirms Sanders backers' fears weren't "paranoia"
Sanders among five senators asking Obama to order Dakota pipeline review
Call on Bernie to attend NY Supreme Court trial for open primaries
Bernie Sanders is the most-liked politician in the United States. What does that mean for the future of left politics here?
Leaked DNC Emails Confirm Democrats Rigged Primary, Reveal Extensive Media Collusion
BREAKING: Bernie Sanders endorsed candidate Pramila jayapal is projected winner of the Washington CD7 Primary!
"When working people don't have disposable income, when they're not out buying goods and products, we are not creating the jobs that we need." -Bernie
Breaking: Arrest Warrant Issued for Amy Goodman in North Dakota After Covering Pipeline Protest
Assange: "We have published proof that the election campaign of @BernieSanders was sabotaged in a corrupt manner."
Did You Know We Are Having the Largest Prison Strike in History? Probably Not, Because Most of the Media Have Ignored It
#SwitchToBernie - Petition: "We, the undersigned, respectfully request the delegates and superdelegates of the Democratic National Convention to vote for Bernie Sanders as the Democratic Party's nominee for President, regardless of who they are currently pledged or bound to."
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: 'The Waltons are the wealthiest family in the USA but pay wages so low their workers are forced to taxpayer-funded programs like food stamps.'
Bernie Sanders just might be the most popular politician in America
Canova: Ill concede that Debbie Wasserman Schultz is a corporate stooge. Were fighting for American democracy. This is a rigged system and everyone knows it.
Indians Staged One of the Largest Strikes in History, But No One on U.S. Cable News Covered It
"VOTER SUPPRESSION already beginning: Our campaign is receiving multiple reports of voters being called and told not to vote in the August primary and to wait until November to cast their ballots."
Bernie Sanders Blocks Obamas FDA Nominee Over Big Pharma Ties
Watch this! Bernie Sanders for Prop 61: "People are dying because they can't afford the medicine they need, just so these companies can make outrageous profits. Proposition 61 is a very, very important step forward."
Sanders promises to push his platform in Congress after Nov. 8 vote
Wasserman Schultz troubles help produce fundraising bonanza for challenger Tim Canova
Bernie Sanders' brother Larry selected by Green Party to contest David Cameron's former seat
"We should not be locking people up for using the same drugs that have been used by at least the last three American Presidents." - Tim Canova
Bernie Sanders: Obama Administration Should Kill The AT&T-Time Warner Deal: Higher Prices & Fewer Choices
I would like to publicly thank Tulsi Gabbard for not endorsing Hillary Clinton.
You say you want to continue Bernie's revolution. Prove it. Phonebank for Pramila Jayapal today - the Washington Primary is tomorrow, and she was one of the first candidates Bernie ever endorsed!
Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren Lead the Charge: Arrest Wells Fargo Executives Over Fraud Cases!
And we will...keep moving forward guys.
5 down, 29 to go. Rhode Island joins California, New Jersey, Illinois, and Vermont as the fifth state to pass the Wolf PAC Constitutional Amendment to eliminate money from politics. Join us.
Tulsi Gabbard wins Hawaii Primary in a 78% vs. 14% blowout!
Donations to Jill Stein Explode Nearly 1000% Since Sanders' Endorsement of Clinton
Bernie Sanders on Twitter "Election Day should be a national holiday so that everyone has the opportunity to vote."
Hi Reddit-- Tim Canova here. Thanks for your support. We can win this, but it's a close race and we need your help. Please phone bank today and tomorrow, and we can win!
Bernie Sanders Goes Off on Rising Prescription Drug Prices Senate Floor
"It's not right that regular taxpayers are the ones paying for new football stadiums while the billionaire owners are the ones making all the money from it." - Our Revolution
Bernies Beef with Big Soda: Advertising from the American Beverage Association that implies that I oppose ballot items in San Francisco and Oakland that would place a tax on drinks with sugar are false. ... I have asked the American Beverage Association to stop using my name
Gary Johnson and Jill Stein sue to be part of Debates... But judge is sitting on the case.
Illinois Governor Vetoes Automatic Voter Registration, Bernie Sanders Calls For State Lawmakers To Override
Its Paul Ryan Versus Bernie Sanders, and Sanders Is Winning
Bernie Sanders Is More Popular Than Ever
Bernie Sanders Supporters Just Staged a Massive Walkout at the DNC
Bernie Sanders suggests lowering the bar for third-party candidates to take part in presidential debates
I'm a Bernie Supporter that's willing to move on, But the DNC scandal is too much for me to ignore.
Elizabeth Warren: "Supporters of the TPP want you to believe this deal is about America's role in setting the rules of international trade. But here's the problem, TPP isn't about helping American workers set the rules, it's about letting giant corporations rig the rules"
'BernieCare' Can Save ObamaCare: "Sanders, who is more of a highly skilled political and legislative tactician than pundits understand, has responded to the Aetna withdrawal from many healthcare exchanges by publicly announcing he will wage an all-out campaign to enact the public option."
Vote to have Hillary and Trump asked about Basic Income on Oct 9. debate
Many voters abandoning both parties' nominees
More than 15,000 have signed Tim Canova's petition to have the FEC investigate DWS for illegal use of DNC resources against his campaign. HERE's THE PROBLEM: They need an additional $20,000 to cover the costs of filing this complaint. Stand with Tim and DONATE TODAY!
Dennis Kucinich: "It is inconceivable that the dirty tricks played by the DNC against the Sanders were not coordinated with the Clinton campaign. The primary system was rigged."
Bernie Sanders Wont Rule Out Future Presidential Run
Wikileaks - T Gabbard threatened, Ex-DNC Chair Debbie & current DNC Chair Donna Brazile working for Clinton since Jan'16
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: .@SenWarren is right: "The only way that Wall Street will change is if executives face jail time when they preside over massive frauds.
Bad Blood: Sanders Helps Canova Raise Money As Clinton Hits The Stump For Wasserman Schultz
Actress Shailene Woodley Reveals She Was Strip-Searched After Her Arrest Protesting Dakota Pipeline
The Political Revolution on Twitter: "Bernie supporters want to run for office in: 51% of state house districts, 69% of state senate districts and, every district in the U.S."
DWS lied, insisting the DNC was neutral, while they worked against Sanders, plotting to smear him as an atheist and pressuring the media to air a pro-Clinton narrative. Corruption has no place in the DNC OR IN CONGRESS. Join me & donate $10 to Tim Canova to ensure DWS never returns to Congress!
50,000 Calls to Congress Today! Tell your Representative to Vote NO! on the TPP.
Bernie Sanders Wants YOU to Run for Office or Volunteer
Primary voting in 5 states today: KS, MO, MI, OH, WA. The revolution doesn't end with Bernie, go vote today!
Bernie Sanders For Senate Budget Committee Chairman!
Tim Canova's primary is up in NO LESS THAN FOUR DAYS!! This is one of the first tests of the Political Revolution! Can we unseat DWS?! Pick up the phone and make ten calls this weekend!
When you refuse to take down your Bernie 2016 lawn sign and wake up to this! (Inglewood,CA)
We Still Have to Fight the TPP
After Tricking Public Into Thinking He Stopped DAPL Obama Just Gave The Green Light To Dakota Access Pipeline Company To Build Two More Pipelines On Native Land
WE are the political revolution, NOT Bernie. Do not let today's endorsement get you down. This is a reminder of how crucial down-ballot tickets are and fight harder than ever!
Bernie Sanders says he won't endorse Hillary Clinton.
Maine will be attempting to introduce Ranked Choice Voting, one of Bernie's platform points, on their referendum this November
You Know That Its Not a Few Rotten Apples - The Wells Fargo Scam is way bigger and it isnt just them
Cornel West Endorses Jill Stein
'Disappointed' in Obama, Sanders Calls on Top Dems to Drop Lame Duck TPP Push
'Get the Insurance Companies the Hell Out' of Healthcare System
Breaking: "Riot" Charges Against Amy Goodman Dismissed in Press Freedom Victory
Why DNCLeak isn't trending on Twitter
Bernie Sanders on Twitter | I know this is a radical idea, but we have to inject morality into our political process.
Tulsi Gabbard's seat in HI's 2nd Congressional District is up for Re-election TODAY!! If you live in Hawaii, make sure to GO VOTE! Everyone else, help spread the word!
Happy Birthday Bernie!
Ireland Begins Arresting Top Bankers Responsible For 2008 Crash
Tulsi Gabbard for Congress | Tell the DOJ to prosecute Wells Fargo for fraud and abuse
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "No one seriously believes that marijuana deserves to be classified beside heroin. It should not be a Schedule 1 drug."
Call For Tim Canova The Race Is Close So Close that DWS says she is against fracking after saying she was pro fracking in the debate The Flip Flops and Lies are just being said out of desperation of losing to Canova
Big Pharma is paying $70 million to fight California Prop 61! Vote Yes on Prop 61 to regulate how much California pays for vital drugs!
Bernie Sanders: "If this election has taught us anything, it's that the American people are sick and tired of the economic, political and media status quo."
 Amy Goodman Is Facing Prison for Reporting on the Dakota Access Pipeline. That Should Scare Us All.
The ACLU Is About to Launch a Campaign Asking Obama to Pardon Edward Snowden
A Princeton University study analyzing more than 20 years worth of data shows that while our government does represent the interests of economic elites and lobbying organizations, the opinions of average Americans have statistically no impact on public policy.
Awesome BERNIECRAT Bruce Franks Jr. WINS Revote after opponent cheats!  /r/WayOfTheBern
Under new Oregon law, all eligible voters are registered unless they opt out
If every trade union in the country opposes the TPP, and if all the crooked corporations support it, what does that tell you about who it really benefits?
Big pharma is spending big to keep CA voters from passing a first-in-nation law meant to cut prescription drugs' cost
Let's get Jill Stein in the debates.
Its not just the DNC vs. Bernie, its the DNC vs. US
It is not bad or harmful for the federal government to provide assistance to those in need. We need more compassion in government, not less. @SenSanders
Bernie Sanders is no spoiler: Hes trying to cure the centrist complacency thats plaguing the Democratic Party
We have money to fight climate change. It's just that we're spending it on defense | "Were spending 28 times as much on military security than climate security."
Tim Canova says Debbie Wasserman Schultz backs Big Sugar - "Mostly True"
Jane Sanders on Twitter - #OurRevolution to rely on small donors, allow union/environmental/project support, zero to do w/HRC. Weaver heads excellent team!
Bernie Sanders's Book Is Coming Out In November, One Week After Election Day, And It Will Cost $27.
Reminder: anti-Sanders Patrick Murphy is ruing against pro-Sanders Alan Grayson for the Democratic FL Sen nomination and told Florida he is an Accountant. He does not hold an accounting license and only worked as an Auditor for 8 months. #Patricklied
Warren Calls For Obama To Fire SEC Chairwoman | "Sen. Elizabeth Warren hit out at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Chair Mary Jo White for her failure to develop new rules that would require corporations to disclose their political contributions."
Eddie Glaude: I am not voting for Hillary Clinton, regardless of her endorsement by Bernie Sanders.
Class Action Lawsuit Against Debbie Wasserman Schultz Moves Forward
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "The number of billionaires has increased 10 times, while over half our kids in public schools are on free or reduced school lunch programs."
BREAKING: Misty Kathrine Snow, a Bernie Sanders supporter, is the projected winner of the Utah Senate Primary!
Bernie Sanders will launch organizations to spread progressive message
Bernie Sanders Wades Into Oregon Politics, Endorses Measure 97 . News
Pope Francis: Capitalism is Terrorism Against All Humanity
President Obama endorses Teachout
WL - "Julian Assange's internet link has been intentionally severed by a state party. We have activated the appropriate contingency plans."
Noam Chomsky: The Democratic party now belongs to moderate Republicans
@Tim_Canova on Twitter - Fracking companies love Florida's new rule to allow more toxins in our water, and they also love DWS.
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: 'Burning the oil transported through the Dakota Access Pipeline would produce carbon emissions equivalent to 21 million cars.'
Anonymous Launches Campaign to End Media Blackout of Jill Stein
I have to admit, I was a little shocked to see what we'd just done. We raised $40,000 in TWO DAYS for Tim Canova's campaign. What DWS can raise in two days from elites, we can do the right way in one---with grassroots donations. Respond to Team Canova's ask: Let's raise an additional $40,000 TODAY!
Black Men for Bernie continue its agenda; They also stressed that despite Hillary Clinton being the presumptive Democratic nominee for president, they do not support her or the party, as they are dissatisfied with both major political parties.
Reminder: Ranked Choice Voting (RCV) is on the Maine ballot this year. It has majority support in polls -- but make sure you get the word out to any Maine residents you know! And consider supporting FairVote.org!
The Nation: Hillary Was Nowhere to Be Seen in the Fight for 15  I Should Know
Hillary Clinton Pledges Constitutional Amendment To Overturn Citizens United In Her First 30 Days
Today is National Voter Registration day. There is SO MUCH MORE on the ballot than just Trump/Clinton. 9 states are voting on weed. A handful of states are voting on min. wage. Colorado is voting on single payer. And then there are local elections! Register to vote today! Convince a friend, too!
TIL Helen Keller was a member of the Socialist Party of America and campaigned for Eugene V. Debs when he ran for president
Tim Canova's Primary is in THREE days! Help Tim out by phonebanking!
Senate Dems to DOJ: Don't Let Wells Fargo Executives Off the Hook
Tim Canova:No wonder @DWStweets knew name of Mayor of Southwest Ranches. They worked together pushing for privatized ICE prison
Sanders Condemns Obscene Levels of Inequality Documented in New CBO Report; 'Unacceptable' wealth inequality keeps growing in the U.S., with the top 10 percent of families owning three-quarters of total wealth
Congress Flooded with Anti-TPP Calls
Bernie Is Dangerous For Wall Street
Bernie Sanders endorses Colorado single-payer health initiative
@BernieSanders | We just passed 2300 events in every state across the country for the August 24 launch of Our Revolution!
The Democratic Party Is Dead
Tomorrow (August 1) is the last day to register voters for Canova's primary. Pledge to make 10 phone calls today to defeat Debbie!
Vote Theft is Wage Theft! Minneapolis City Council Blocks $15
The company that makes Fentanyl just pumped $500k into the campaign AGAINST legalizing marijuana in AZ. WHY? Because states with MMJ saw a 25% drop in painkiler OD's. Legalization may hurt their profits, but it saves lives. 9 states are voting on MJ in Nov. Register to vote. Lives depend on it.
People For Bernie on Twitter | It's going down on Alcatraz. This #IndigenousPeoplesDay, we honor the struggle of Native People and join their cause against #DAPL. #NoDAPL
@BernieSanders: "We must get rid of superdelegates. The fact that we had 400 superdelegates pledged eight months before the first ballot was cast is absurd."
This is finally the year we can dump Sheriff Joe Arpaio, so let's help the guy who can beat him
Wasserman Schultz goes down to wire against primary challenger
Zephyr Teachout on Twitter: "My opponent, John Faso, was a lobbyist for payday lenders and pipeline companies. I've fought for people. There's a pretty clear contrast."
Berniecrat Picus wins in primary, faces Pelosi in November in two person race.
29 Sanders Democrats Win in Maine Primaries, Advance To General Elections
@lhfang: "WV Dems pass resolution opposing superdelegates, calling for Debbie Wasserman Schultz to resign...Also endorsing public financing of elections/overturning Citizens United, legalizing pot, supporting Medicare for all, single payer"
New Mexico Democrats vote to eliminate superdelegates!
'If you've ever enjoyed a paid vacation, a sick day, or a pension, unions are the people to thank.' -Bernie Sanders on Twitter
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: The dangers of the TPP are abundant and well-documented. We must do all that we can to #StopTPPNow.
Hey, I'm running for city council next year, and I think you should too, so let's talk about how to bring the political revolution down to the local level!
Kshama Sawant: Bernie Running As a Green "Would Be Nothing Short of a Political Earthquake"
GOTV calling officially begins today for Tim Canova. Avenge the sham presidential primary and stick it to the so-called Democrats by forcing Debbie OUT of Congress and putting a real progressive in!
Bernie Sanders Told Supporters To Run For Office  And This Wichitan Is
Sign the petition!! Tell President Obama: Stop the Dakota Access oil pipeline. #NoDAPL
Tim Canova here! Thank you so much for what you've done so far, but I need your help in the final push to unseat DWS!
From Bernie: "We are building a new organization called Our Revolution. Our goal will be the same as in our campaign: we must work to transform American society by making our political and economic systems work for all of us, not the 1%." Contribute $3 to Our Revolution; let's take our country back!
BERNIE JUST FLIPPED ANOTHER CALIFORNIA COUNTY!
The Progressive Coders Network is building a community of Tech Volunteers to build Open-Source tools for Progressive Candidates. It's started by volunteers who've built websites and digital tools for Bernie's Campaign, and we want to bring the same energy to down-ballot progressives. Join Us.
Dakota Access Pipeline Company Attacks Native American Protesters with Dogs & Pepper Spray
Florida district 23 is now 80% pro Bernie If you tell them that Canova has a similar platform they get excited!!!!!
Poll Shows Hillary's Outreach To Bernie Voters Is Failing Miserably
I'm Janet Garrett, a Berniecrat taking on Jim Jordan for Congress in Ohio's 4th Congressional District. AMA!
'Now, it's time for bust': Jill Stein ramps up courting of furious Sanders supporters in Philly
FBI gets subpoenaed on live television for withholding Clinton Email info (x-post /r/JusticeServed)
New poll: Zephyr Teachout leading opponent by just 5 points in swing district
Ben & Jerry's Ice Cream Co Formally Comes Out In Support of Black Lives Matter: "Choosing to be silent in the face of such injustice is not an option."
Bernie put out a call for progressives to run for office. 14,000 answered. All 50 states. 85% of state senate districts. More than 60% of state house districts. Every single congressional district. This is Our Revolution.
DWS Blames Russians for DNC Scandal
Obama, former health official tout public option to replace failing Obamacare
Wow. Americans Really, Really Don't Like Trump or Clinton
Will Clinton VP Pick Be 'Pronounced Middle Finger' to Millions Who Voted for Bernie?
New independent poll: Zephyr Teachout: 42%, opponent: 43%. Game on!
Point of No Return: Earth Reaches 400ppm Threshold Permanently
More young people voted for Bernie Sanders than Trump and Clinton combined  by a lot
Noam Chomsky: We Are Suffering the Major Downside of Corporate Globalization
Sanders 'revolution' faces first down-ballot test: "Tuesday also marks the first primary for one of Sanders down-ballot endorsees: Lucy Flores..."
Election Fraud Study Authors Respond to Clinton Critics: Yes, The Dem Primaries Were Rigged Against Bernie
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "They tell us the only thing we can get is incremental change. We tell them: no thanks. We're thinking big and demanding real change."
High school is free in the US. College should be too.
Tulsi Gabbard petition | Demand Congress act now to criminally investigate and break up Wells Fargo
Jane Kleeb elected as Nebraska Dem Party chair - Sanders revolution secures another state party!
All 4 #Bernie Endorsed candidates that were in contested elections today WON!
Colin Kaepernick receives support from America's military veterans
Latin Times Media Publications Endorses Tim Canova, For Congressional District 23
The First Sanders Democrat Just Won Her Congressional Primary
Bernie Sanders spinoff group to disclose big donors
I just donated $10 to Tim Canova! Match me!
Khristy Wilkinson, a Bernie supporter, won the Dem primary for State Sen. in TN. Her opponent refuses to expand medicaid and believes it is harder to get a vasectomy than an abortion. Gardenhire CAN be defeated, but Khristy needs our help. Join me, folks, and donate $10 to her campaign today.
Obama endorses Zephyr Teachout in NY-19 race
Liberals rally to sink Obama trade deal
New York Primary Results - So Far - Zephyr Teachout 77%
Michigan citizens no longer able to vote on Marijuana Legalization this year due government passing bill to block ballot measures after collecting more than 350,000 signatures
On April 10th, Pramila was down 35-9 in the polls. Bernie endorsed her on April 13th. Three and a half months later, she won with a 16 point landslide. Never, ever underestimate our potential to make real change in this country.
Bernie Sanders Is Running a Shadow Campaign
Sanders revs up public option fight after Aetna leaves ObamaCare
Zephyr Teachout: progressive endorsed by Sanders looks to fix 'corrupt' Congress
Happy Independence Day
Tim Canova just had a fantastic debate with DWS. Now help him win! Remember when we used to do 50,000 calls a day? Just 50,000 calls in TOTAL would make Tim win! PHONEBANK!
Ready to Join the /r/Political_Revolution? Here's what you need to know...
CNN severs ties with Donna Brazile
Bernie supporters: Help win single payer in NJ!
A Bernie delegate gets creative and tells the truth with her "love trumps hate" DNC freebie sign
/r/Political_Revolution hits 20K subscribers
Arizona State Senator Al Melvin cannot honestly answer Anderson Cooper's simple question
We're having a huge, OFFICIAL social media push today to help Stop the TPP! Join us at Noon Eastern and let's present as many signatures to the DNC Platform Committee as possible!
TIL in 2002, Republican Consultant & Pollster, Frank Luntz wrote a memo to the Bush Administration stating "The scientific debate is closing ... but not yet closed" and they should reframe from using the term "global warming", instead use "climate change" as "climate change" sounds less severe
'Socialism' the most looked-up word of 2015 -- Bernie Sanders sparked 169% rise in look-ups
Cancel your Student Debt - Green Party Presidential Candidate Jill Stein
DNC Monitored Debbie Wasserman Schultz's Primary Opponent, Tim Canova
Our Revolution now has a calling schedule up for candidates like Zephyr Teachout (NY), Gary Kroeger (IO), Pramila Jayapal (WA), and even for propositions like ColoradoCare!! Change can only take place from the bottom-up; help us shape the future of America by making ten calls today!!
WashPost Makes History: First Paper to Call for Prosecution of Its Own Source (After Accepting Pulitzer)
Bernie Sanders taps his donor network to raise nearly $2 million in two days for House, Senate contenders
@BernieSanders | "We must ensure that progress does not end on the platform's pages, but becomes reality. The fight is just beginning."
Four quick reasons why calls for Tim Canova are effective and matter in his race, and why you should personally pitch in even 20 calls this week.
After 15-Hour Filibuster, Republicans to Allow Votes on Gun-Control Measures
If you want to vote for Tim Canova and unseat Debbie Wasserman Schultz, TODAY IS THE LAST DAY TO REGISTER. Get off the sidelines and keep this political revolution rolling!
WikiLeaks reveals DNC holds unions in contempt
How It Begins "This is not how the revolution ends, my friends. This is how it begins."
Emailgate 2.0: WikiLeaks Cache Shows Democrats Conspired to Stop Bernie
BREAKING: Angela Corey, State Attorney in Florida's Fourth Judicial Circuit Court, has been DEFEATED in her primary election.
The Debates Are Over, and No One Asked About Climate Change
Tim Canova on Twitter: "I'm still hoping @BernieSanders will campaign for me in South Florida. FL23 is ground zero of "our" revolution!"
Welcome to /r/Political_Revolution! This is where we carry the torch!
Sanders just Flipped District 34 (LA County) and District 13 (SF County) for wins in California
30 arrested in bid to disrupt Iowa pipeline project Bernie opposes. I was one of them.
Bernie Sanders Message Is All Over Dem Platform Draft
@BernieSanders: Nice majority you got there @SpeakerRyan. Be a shame if someone flipped it. #ThanksPaul
Colorado could ditch Obamacare for a single-payer system
Zephyr Teachout on Twitter: A SuperPAC just announced it will spend $1.6 million to defeat me. As the first person I told said, "You made some hedge funders angry!"
The Other Woman Running for President Starts to Get Noticed
Jill Stein, the Green Partys Presumptive Presidential Nominee, Makes Inroads
Worried About Voter Turnout? Demand an Election Day Holiday; Voters Need Time to Vote.
After Bernie: Green Party Hopeful Jill Stein Says Millennials Can Take Over This Election
Sanders-Backed Pramila Jayapal Wins Big in Washington Congressional Primary
Nina Turner: The Oligarchy Must Be Challenged by Everyday People
Debbie Wasserman Schultz - Tim Canova debate now extended to 60 minutes on Sunday
Despite What Media Says, TPP Isnt About Free Trade  Its About Protecting Corporate Profits
Betraying Progressives, DNC Platform Backs Fracking, TPP, and Israel Occupation
How Bernie Sanders Made Burlington Affordable: As the citys mayor in the 1980s, he championed an unusual model of publicly supported housing. Its still working.
Sanders Asks Supporters to Back 4 Democratic Candidates
A message to George Clooney: Hillary Clinton isnt out to help down-ticket Democrats. Shes out to help Hillary Clinton -
Bernie Sanders started a political revolution. Now he cant stop it.
Tim Canova earns the endorsement of the Working Families Party endorsement in FL CD 23 race
David Sirota on Twitter: "HAPPENING NOW: GOP inserts provision into budget bill that would help corporations hide their political spending"
Bernie Sanders will join a great line-up of Native speakers (including a candidate - see the list!) at Tuesday's White House rally calling on Obama to revoke the Dakota Access pipeline permits
Sanders Raises Cash for Wasserman Schultz Challenger
Small farmer Berniecrat running for congress in WV needs signatures for DFA endorsement.
35 Massachusetts Candidates Pledge to Refuse $$$ from Major Fossil Fuel and Utility Companies
Seattle Socialist Kshama Sawant: "if we continue to assume that change happens because benevolent leaders at the top hand it down, then we will continue to ask nicely, and to be disappointed."
We Dont Need a New President  We Need a New System and a New Consciousness
Bernie Sanders: "We Raised $2.4 Million to Take Back Congress. #ThanksPaul" <--- Join the Social Media Tweetstorm RIGHT NOW!
Message from Bernie | I hear you want me to have a gavel
A friend of mine started a Progressive youtube channel. He only has 22 subscribers, but Tim Canova agreed to sit down for an interview with him regardless.
"It's simple, really: Politicians should be working for their constituents' votes, not lobbyists' money. That's not radical. It's democracy." -Bernie on Twitter
Senator Bernie Sanders is fundraising for a new organization "to take the next steps for our political revolution."
Report: Bernie was right!
Tim Canova hopes to topple Debbie Wasserman Schultz in Democratic primary
Tim Canova, "We have a real chance to win this election. But we cant win if youre not registered to vote by Monday, August 1"
NEW YORK! You have congressional primaries today, and two amazing candidates, Zephyr Teachout (CD-19), who literally wrote the book on political corruption, and Eric Kingston (CD-24), a strong national advocate for Social Security, need our help! PHONEBANK TODAY! CONTINUE THE POLITICAL REVOLUTION!
Bernie Backs Jay Z's Call to End the War on Drugs
From Black Lives Matter to the Fight for $15: Why Americans Are in Revolt
Tulsi Gabbard Nominates Bernie Sanders To Be President Of The USA - Beautiful! DNC Speech
'Bernie Sanders is the real populist, not Trump': President Obama News Conference - 29 Jun 2016
Debbie Wasserman Schultz's Opponent Tim Canova: DNC Chair Is Rigging The System | MSNBC
@BernieSanders | "On August 24, I will address our volunteers live at more than 2,000 organizing meetings across the U.S. Attend one: berniesanders.com/Attend"
I miss /r/SandersForPresident already. Which of you political revolutionaries were part of the supportive and encouraging group of posters and commenters over there?
Robert Reich - $15 minimum wage the least we can do.
IMPORTANT: SENATE SEAT! Bernie Progressive, Alan Grayson desperately needs our help to take over Rubio's seat!
Single-payer is best option to Obamacare: "Obamacare is not working for the insurance industry, and the Republicans are trying to make it too expensive for a majority of working Americans."
Jill Stein qualifies for Georgia ballot access
Native Americans protest outside CNN demanding they stop ignoring Standing Rock
What our funds are buying in Florida.
Russian government hackers penetrated DNC, stole opposition research on Trump. [The DNC Knowingly had Russian hackers in their system for 6 weeks before clearing them out
Sanders surrogate blasts Elizabeth Warren: She doesnt get brownie points for slamming Trump
Lee Fang on Twitter: "Makers of Fentanyl, deadly opioid 50x stronger than heroin, gives $500k to campaign to keep marijuana illegal in AZ"
The 2014 Princeton study that found the US is an oligarchy
"Bernie said it since day one. And he can't do this alone. We need millions of people to stand up for the political revolution. Join us for our launch on August 24." - Our Revolution on Facebook
@Tim_Canova: Set your alarm clocks. The mostly highly anticipated debated of the season is happening live TOMORROW from 8 - 9 a.m. ET on @CBSMiami. [DWS vs Tim Canova Debate!
Outraged By DNC Leaks, More And More Sanders Supporters Plan To Vote Third Party
Bernie Sanders Supporters Not Finished With The Revolution
The Sanders Movement Is Only Just Beginning
Eric Kingson on Twitter: "The government must stop profiting through interest on loans of students looking to improve their lives and conditions of their families."
Millennials are ripe for socialism: A generation is rising up against neoliberal oppression
NBC and the media is focused on Russia rather than the defrauded Sanders Revolution
DemExit: 13 Million to leave Democratic Party Thursday
Michael Whitney on Twitter "In less than 48 hours, supporters of @BernieSanders raised $1,774,021 for 13 House and Senate candidates with 334,769 contributions" !!!
Bernie Sanders on Twitter | Paul Ryan said if Republicans lose the Senate, a guy named Bernie Sanders becomes Budget Committee Chair. Sounds like a plan! #ThanksPaul
HEARTBREAKING. Brother Larry Sanders cries thru vote for BERNIE SANDERS - Democratic Convention
That sign in front of DWS is right. We are better than this. Let's retire DWS on August 30.
How California is being stolen from Sanders right now - Greg Palast
Bernie Sanders Campaign Chief Says Someone Must Be 'Accountable' for What DNC Emails Show
Bernie Sanders tweet sends shares of Ariad Pharmaceuticals down 11%
Bernie Sanders endorses his brother in race to replace David Cameron
Roadmap for a Revolution "Win-or-lose Sanders was always adamant that this revolution would not be about one person, or one election"
Senators Introduce Resolution Calling for Health Care Public Option
Sanders Calls on President to Intervene in Dakota Access Pipeline Dispute
Bernie Please take a 1 1/2 hour flight to Campaign for Tim Canova. the VP and future prez did it can you please please ? They love you in Florida district 23 and they need Tim. Please this race is close. Even if you could do anything?
WikiLeaks' Assange - TPP Not Only Trade, 83% Is Fascists Controlling Our Daily Lives - Once We're In, We're Stuck Forever
Political revolution can stop Trans-Pacific Partnership
BERNIE SANDERS JUST FLIPPED DISTRICT 2 IN CALIFORNIA
The Sanders movement is only just beginning: While the media focuses on the spectacle of Donald Trumps implosion, the next chapter of the Sanders political revolution is already beginning.
Wikileaks releases 20k DNC emails from Guccifer 2.0 Hacker (click search)
Jill Stein Interview With Fox Business News Panel
Peter Jacob is a progressive candidate for U.S. Congress in NJ-7. He is the only Bernie Sanders Democrat to make it through the primaries here in NJ and is fighting a battle to flip a very challenging district.
Majority Disapproves of Decision Not to Charge Clinton on Emails
Big Pharma Breaks The Bank To Kill Measure Aiming To Lower Drug Prices
@BernieSanders | "This campaign was never about Bernie Sanders. It's about a grassroots movement of Americans standing up and saying: 'Enough is enough!'"
Utah U.S. Sen. candidate Misty Snow: "I am currently a cashier at a grocery store and was raised in a lower income family... Im concerned by the degree of income inequality in this country: how it disproportionately impacts women, people of color, and the LGBT community. Join me and Donate to her!
Jane O'Meara Sanders on Twitter: In Vermont, 80% of Bernie endorsed candidates - all 4 State Senate & 16 State House - won their primaries, along w/Lt. Gov! #OurRevolution!
Free-Market Republicans Turn on Mylan, Say EpiPen Went Too Far
Zephyr Teachout on Twitter: Huge news: @SenSanders will be coming to campaign with me on Friday!
Meet Debbie Wasserman Schultzs First-Ever Primary Challenger: Tim Canova
A vote for hillary is not "unity" its not a vote "against trump" its a vote against common decency and democracy itself.
The call is going out for a Millennials March on Washington, DC, January 21 with this list of demands - no honeymoon!
Charlie Hardy: The Bernie-Like Candidate Running in Wyoming
Clinton superdelegate & long-time congressman found guilty on 22 counts in corruption trial
"We don't need career politicians. We need public servants." - The Political Revolution on Twitter
Richest 10 per cent of families hold 76 per cent of wealth in US
Cornel West: Why I Endorse Green Party's Jill Stein Over "Neoliberal Disaster" Hillary Clinton
Justice Department says it will end use of private prisons
Canova Wins Endorsement of Both African American Newspapers in CD 23
Tim Canova is on the verge of a historical accomplishment and we can help him get there!
Tim Canova outraised Debbie Wasserman Schultz
Wikileaks Mega Thread - Podesta E-mails
Nurses testify in favor of single payer healthcare at Democratic platform committee
"Some Republican leaders want to repeal the estate tax and give a $269 billion tax break to the .01%. That is regressive, and unacceptable." - The Political Revolution
@BernieSanders: "At a time of massive income and wealth inequality, it is absurd to provide huge tax breaks to the very rich."
"Stop Forcing Taxpayers to Fund Billionaire's Stadiums" - NFL Star Richard Sherman
Forget Trump and Clinton, but this November is still pretty damn important! We've got 4 states voting on minimum wage increases, 5 states voting on legalizing recreational marijuana, 4 states voting on legalizing medical marijuana and Colorado is voting on single payer! REGISTER TO VOTE NOW!
Progressives need to cross over and VOTE OUT PAUL RYAN in Wisconsin's OPEN primary TUESDAY to stop the TPP !
Progressive Candidate, Khristy Wilkinson Defeats Dem Party Back Candidate in TN Senate 10 Race.
Please phone bank for Tim Canova-- follow this link! Whatever happens with Bernie, we CAN get Tim in Congress and DWS out, but we need to phone bank.
Bernie Sanders joins pipeline fight with bill amendment
Bernie Sanders on Twitter | When the Founding Fathers wrote the Constitution, Im pretty sure they werent thinking Lets make sure billionaires can buy elections.
Survey: Americans want paid family leave, and they support social programs for families
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "It's a disgrace that while Americans were defrauded by Wells Fargo, the executive in charge received $124 million."
Wasserman Schultz says she'll debate challenger Tim Canova
Hillary supporters are saying "Where's your loyalty?" Here's my response.
If we had listened to Bernie Sanders in 2003 and left Iraq alone, we would have been able to pay for his free college plan for 80 years.
Guccifier 2.0 DNC leaks dump
This may be the last presidential election dominated by Boomers and prior generations
Media Coverage of the Primaries Was Awful, Harvard Study Confirms
Wells Fargo ignored employee petition protesting ethics: suit
This morning, Tim Canova filed a complaint with the FEC for DWS using DNC resources in her reelection bid! Everyone should sign this petition from Tim, donate and start phonebanking! YOU can make a difference down ballot!
Ohio Revolution is proud to announce it's endorsement of 5 Ohio State House of Representatives candidates! These are 5 candidates that had direct ties to the Bernie Sanders campaign in some way or were strong Bernie supporters.
Clintons Responsibility: Bill Clinton is responsible not just for eviscerating welfare, but for trying to end any Democratic Party commitment to the poor.
Movement For Bernie Becomes Movement For The 99%
Jill Stein Wins Green Party Primary, Calls for Inclusion in Debates
Fuel the Political Revolution! Split a contribution between these 18 candidates that Bernie has endorsed!
Jill Stein Addresses Disenchanted Sanders Supporters at Occupy DNC Rally
Sorry for the Meta post, but if this subreddit is going to take off, and in order for us to truly support the progressive movement, mods need to up their game in regards to Clinton and Trump trolls.
The DNC planted spies in the Sanders campaign
Bernie Sanders Supporters File Major Class Action Lawsuit Against the DNC
Guys, the revolution is NOT over. Last night, Misty Snow of UT became the first transgender candidate to win a major party primary for US Senate. She supports tuition-free college, $15/hour minimum wage, MJ legalization, CJ reform, Wall St. reform and paid maternity leave. Let's give her some love!
As California admits 2 million ballots remain uncounted, Sanders pushes for changing primary process
1 year ago today, FeelTheBern.org was completed. Thank you to everyone who helped out on that amazing project (and on this amazing revolution) along the way.
Tulsi Gabbards reelection primary is coming up in less than two weeks. I am donating $27. Match me and help send a clear message that she still has our support.
Petition to Open Primaries - will be delivered at DNC - Please sign
@Tim_Canova: We need a Green New Deal to provide hope and opportunity to this struggling generation.
CNN and Fox News Are Finally Covering the TPP After Ignoring It for Two Years
Bernie Sanders supporters rally for Ohio's Nina Turner
Third party candidate: No Clinton or Kaine, protest the DNC!
Corruption is Legal in America
Jimmy Carter Calls For Return to Publicly Financed Elections
Bernie Sanders - We have over 2,600 launch events for Our Revolution across the country tonight. Find one near you!
Leaked DNC Documents Show Plans To Reward Big Donors With Federal Appointments
If you want to ensure that the Democratic Party cannot rig anymore primaries, we have to end primaries. In order to have real choices, we cannot have a "spoiler" problem. Maine is solving the "spoiler" problem through the use of Ranked-Choice Voting. Donate to the RCV Maine campaign here-
Leonardo DiCaprio Stands With Great Sioux Nation to Stop Dakota Access Pipeline
Why Bernie Sanders fans must support a Universal Basic Income
The sub's design is a little...lacking. Here are my thoughts and a alternative mockup.
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "Universal health care is a reality in dozens of countries around the world. It really is not a radical idea for the U.S. to do the same."
Wouldn't you like a website where you could go and just enter the name of a politician and see how they voted and where they stand on issues?
Jill Stein: Its Time for a Second American Revolution
@TulsiGabbard on Twitter: I am humbled & grateful for the vote of confidence from Dem voters today. Mahalo nui loa to you & to our incredible #TeamTulsi volunteers.
Teachout is Tied in Sept 28th Poll!!!! Call please! Or Donate $ 19 for an Ad!
Jamie Johnson, the great-grandson of the founder of Johnson & Johnson pharmaceuticals (and documentary filmmaker) shares how the top 1% responded after releasing his Emmy nominated Film on wealth inequality
"Let's Get Started" - Bernie Sanders, Our Revolution
We have less than 30 days until Tim Canova's primary!!! Early voting has already started!!! We can do this, but we need your help-- please Phonebank!
Debbie Wasserman-Schultz praises the value of Presidential Debates, and then immediately deflects when asked about debating Tim Canova.
No Longer A Protest Vote: Why Im Genuinely Falling In Political Love With President Jill Stein
'Edward Snowden did this country a great service. Let him come home' - Bernie Sanders, Daniel Ellsberg, former members of the NSA and more weigh in on whether Obama should grant clemency to the divisive whistleblower
After 525 Years, It's Time to Actually Listen to Native Americans
"The folks at Exxon are some of the best scam artists in history. They lied about the environment, funneled huge amounts of money into the political system, and received massive tax breaks and protection from the Republicans." - The Political Revolution
Actor Viggo Mortensen backs Green Party candidate Jill Stein
Pardon Snowden: Sign the letter and urge President Obama to pardon Edward Snowden before leaving office. Time is running out.
Lawsuit Just Filed To STOP Certification Of CA Primary Election!
Don't Be Surprised if Sanders Supporters Go Green
Sanders Welcomes McConnell Decision to Block TPP
Indian-American socialworker Peter Jacob gets Endorsed from Bernie Sanders for his Congressional bid
US capitalism in crisis while most Americans lose out - The inequality that is feeding the bitter, divisive and populist politics now sweeping the west
Bernie Sanders Being Recruited For A Position And Its Huge
The Time is Now: To Defeat Both Trump and Clintonian Neoliberalism
"In the coming weeks, I will be announcing the creation of successor organizations to carry on the struggle that we have been a part of these past 15 months. I hope you will continue to be involved in fighting to transform America." - Bernie Sanders, 'Forever Forward'
Bernie Sanders mention of TPP in his DNC Speech Generated the Most Google Search Interest in TPP Since Records Began
We will need a General Strike to stop the TPP
An internal poll by primary challenger Tim Canova shows Debbie Wasserman Schultz leading by just 8 pts, 46-38%, in that FL primary - Mark Murray on Twitter
I'm giddy at Bernie's email today: "Defeating Debbie Wasserman Schultz"
Let's donate to @TulsiGabbard as a thank you for her bravery and convictions.
We are proud to announce our first completed batch of endorsed candidates! Stay tuned in the days, weeks, and months ahead as we grow this list, and please support progressives in your state!
Rachel Maddow Is Not Happy That Some Want Debbie Wasserman Schultz OUT of Congress
'Jill, not Hill,' Sanders crowd chants at Green Party's Jill Stein
Progressive Democrats endorse Tim Canova
DISCUSS: What are your ideas for this movement?
EpiPen Uproar Highlights Companys Family Ties to Congress
New York Becomes 17th State to Call for a Constitutional Amendment to Overturn Citizens United and Related Decisions
Florida Gives Green Light To Solar Amendment: "Floridas solar Amendment 4 passed with brilliant colors Tuesday. With only 60 percent needed to pass, the measures overwhelming support suggests, perhaps, a new direction for solar in the Sunshine State, a relatively untapped source of energy."
Berniecrat Chris Pearson (P-VT) Moves on to General Election!
Russ Feingold wins Democratic primary for U.S. Senate seat
Bernie Sanders wants to know why this cancer drug costs nearly $200,000 a year
Decline of unions has hurt all workers: study
Justin Bamberg (a Bernie-endorsed candidate for South Carolina's 90th district) just won a crushing victory in the South Carolina primary, 1804 votes to 479! Congratulate him by making a donation!
'BernieCare' can save ObamaCare
Princeton Professor Shows How Easy it Is to Hack an Election in Just 7 Minutes
Elizabeth Warren twitted on 1/29/16: "The next president can honor the simple notion that nobody is above the law, but it will happen only if voters demand it."
Donna Braziles Deception Is a Symbol For the Big Media Lie
War Has Become a Permanent Condition for the United States
Idea: A new party, The Progressive Party
North Dakota Is Starting To Look Like A War Zone And Yet Theres No Mention From The Federal Government Nor Hillary/Trump
Sanders Announces Bill to Close Tax Loopholes Used by Trump
Media Collusion Revealed In DNC Leak Shows Why Change Must Come From Outside The Party
Nina Turner, Prominent Sanders Delegate, Ejected from DNC
Disappointed By the Democratic Party Platform? Follow the Money.
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: One thing I am proud of is that there's a lot more support for the concept of democratic socialism today than there was before the campaign.
Tim Canova on Twitter: .@DWSTweets thinks a 15 minute Sunday morning debate is a "robust debate." \_()_/
Nationwide Class Action filed Against Democratic Party and Debbie Wasserman Schultz
Bernie might've lost DC, but progressives won the council. That's partly because of new progressive networks. (Xpost, S4P)
Our Revolution Launch Mega Thread | Live Streamed Event | 9 PM ET
@BernieSanders | "We must remember that the struggle for our rights is not the struggle of a day, or a year. It is the struggle of a lifetime."
WikiLeaks: TPP, TTIP, TISA, point of view from outside the US. People are rightly concerned.
Sanders Stands with Tribal Nations, Calls on President to Stop Pipeline
Bernie Sanders Left Delegates With No Way to Fight but Boo
Debbie Wasserman Schultz has no plans to debate Tim Canova, despite Canova's TV ad
Edward Snowden on Twitter: What is #Allo? A Google app that records every message you ever send and makes it available to police upon request.
Make calls Tim Canova on GrassrootsPB, and win a thank-you prize from Tim personally!! | Details Inside
The Young Turks interviews founders of The Climate Mobilization about building mass political movement for WWII-scale national effort against the climate emergency, for net zero emissions and 100% clean energy
Amendment 69 is on the ballot in 69 days. ColoradoCare, our Medicare-for-All system, is just 69 days away from becoming reality, but we need your help to do it. Over the next 69 days, we need YOU to chip in and turn out to help spread our message across Colorado.
Here's Why Activists Don't Buy Hillary Clinton's Justification for the Honduras Coup
@BernieSanders: "We have to replace the current DNC leadership. We need someone who vigorously supports bringing people into the political process."
Bernie Sanders: Reject the AT&T-Time Warner Merger
'Pardon Snowden' Campaign Takes Off as Sanders, Ellsberg, and Others Join
Alan Grayson: Dem Party Essentially "Money Laundering" For Donors
Bernie Sanders calls out hackable voting machines in 2004 (re: Bruce Schneier Sounds The Alarm: If You're Worried About Russians Hacking, Maybe Help Fix Voting Machine Security July 29 2016)
Sanders media consultants to work for Wasserman Schultz challenger
DNC is taking people's Bernie Sanders signs, Dems In Philly are being silenced!
Clintonites, the Liberal Elite and the Democratic Party are Ideologically and Politically Compromised by the Ruling Class. No Honeymoon Period After November 8th.
Moneybomb to elect Michigan Berniecrats on 8/24! Join to show your support for the state that Nate Silver said we would never win! (x-Post /r/PoliticalRevolutionMI)
Sanders petition against trade deal gets 700,000 signatures
UNCOUNTED: The True Story of the the California Primary
Tim Canova outraised Debbie Wasserman Schultz
The Bernie for President campaign is over, but the political revolution that he launched against corporate rule is just beginning. Sanders and close advisors are now strategizing and developing a new organizational structure to keep growing the grassroots rebellion
We Are Not Berniebots: If Bernie Won't Stand up to Hillary Then We Will
Green Party Candidate for Senate from Colorado: Arn Menconi
Drew Ash, a 21 year old former Bernie volunteer running for State Representative in my Indiana district, supports basic income, campaign finance reform, and more. Let's lend him a hand!
Jill Stein Wants You To Continue The Revolution With The Green Party
House Democrats mistakenly release transcript confirming big payout to Clinton friend Sidney Blumenthal
Thank you Bernie Sanders.
Mayors going to bat for Wasserman Schultz; For his part, Canova said he's been knocking on doors around the district and the mayoral support is just more insider politicians scratching each others' backs.
I just received my paperwork to volunteer as an Election Day Official. Thank you Bernie for the inspiration to become more involved!
Wikileaks: DNC Chair mocks Bernie views bc he's "never been a member" of party
DNC rolls back restrictions on lobbyist donations
Hi everyone! I'm not officially a Deputy Field Organizer on the Tim Canova campaign. We're working hard knocking on doors and you'd be surprised how many people still don't know about Tim. The best thing you can do right now to help is to phone bank to make our jobs easier and more efficient!
Noam Chomsky supports Colorados universal healthcare ballot measure
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "Today, a few giant media conglomerates control much of what Americans see, hear and read. We need more diverse media ownership, not less."
Democratic National Committee CEO resigns amid hack scandal
Bernie Sanders must emerge from the Democratic National Convention as the Democratic nominee.
Over 20 Arrested After Militarized Police Raid #NoDAPL Prayer Ceremony
PRESS RELEASE: Today we announced our endorsement for 9 more truly amazing and committed progressives running for office around the country.
Running with Bernie Sanders--Charlie Hardy, a Bernie-like candidate, lost last week in Wyoming. Now he's running with #OurRevolution. /r/Political_Revolution AMA with Charlie this Thurs!
Glenn Greenwald's eviscerates the elite after Brexit: "The solution is not to subserviently cling to corrupt elite institutions out of fear of the alternatives. It is, instead, to help bury those institutions and their elite mavens and then fight for superior replacements."
We just won partial, if not majority stake, in the Missouri Democratic Party!
Tim Canova on Facebook: Payday lending and check cashing shops all over South Florida are charging interest rates of more than 300%. That's obscene. Time for a change. | [x-post from r/TimCanova
Jordan on Twitter: "Less than 24 hours, @BernieSanders speech sparked 11K people 2 express interest in running 4 office #OurRevolution https://t.co/8OoOdoiePq"
Jane Sanders: 'Take Some Time to Be Sad. But the Work is Too Important.'
 We've hit 10,000 calls for Pramila! Outstanding work: jbabramowitz, Skyeheart, OliML, achipinthearmor, ravster & datatitian who helped push us over the edge. Tomorrow, dedicating even 10 minutes to make some calls will multiply our effect & make the dialer run more smoothly. Onward! 
Bernie is against the Bakken pipeline. Tomorrow there will be civil disobedience and a protest rally in Pilot Mound, IA. Will you show up to help?
As Resistance Mounts, TPP Becoming 2016 Election's Third Rail
My name is Sarah Lloyd, I'm a Bernie supporter running for Congress in Wisconsin. AMA
How Democrats Killed Their Populist Soul | In the 1970s, a new wave of post-Watergate liberals stopped fighting monopoly power. The result is an increasingly dangerous political system.
Deeming Pollution of Earth Sinful, Pope Proposes Climate Action as Sacred Duty
Bernie Sanders Endorses Democrat Peter Jacobs Bid to Represent New Jerseys 7th Congressional District
Lame-duck TPP vote could be disastrous for Dems
Five Years Ago I Was Driving School Buses - Now I'm Running For State Representative
We've just eclipsed 10,000 calls for Tim Canova on https://www.grassrootspb.com! Thanks to jbabramowitz and OliML who are holding down the fort today, and to all who are helping to replace DWS with someone who reflects the electorate. Let's do this!
I have been to all 165 towns in the 19th CD, and everywhere I go, I hear the same thing: let's get Congress working again, for the PEOPLE.
U.S. Court of Appeals Rules against Standing Rock Tribe in Dakota Access Pipeline Case
Cable News Silent as Two States Declare Emergency After Pipeline Spill
Zephyr Teachout is on FIRE. We need more people like this standing up for small business owners in Congress. They've been getting screwed for 30 years.
What's next for Sanders backers? Replace the entire Congress (and DNC)
Why is there no accountability for the DNC underhandedly giving the election to Clinton from the start?
Wasserman Schultz Challenger Tops Her in Recent Fundraising
BERNIE SANDERS: Almost 7,000 of my supporters just signed up to run for office
@OurRevolution: "Congratulations @DwightBullard on your victory tonight! Candidates like you are what fuel Our Revolution."
Tim had originally invited DWS to have a series of six debates, she ignored him. Now she came up with this ridiculous time, 8am on a Sunday!! What can we do to guarantee maximum exposure of the debate?
Feudalism Then & Now
Sanders supporter submitting plan to end superdelegates
I AMA Ro Khanna running for U.S. Congress, one of ten federal candidates who doesn't take corporate, PAC, and lobbyist money. Ask me anything!
**URGENT** To all Super Delegates: simple choice; Bernie or Trump, it's in your hands now.
@BernieSanders: Nevada  send the message today that yes, we are going to move this country in a progressive direction. Go vote.
TODAY'S THE DAY! PLEASE CALL TO HELP TIM WIN!
What every politician should aspire to believe
Tim Canova pleased, but skeptical, about Debbie Wasserman Schultz' announcement that she will debate him
Tim Canova And The People who Campaigned For Him Are Heros!
Nearly 14,000 Uber And Lyft Drivers Sign Union Cards In New York
Chicago Election Board Sued Over Alleged 'Discrepancies, Improprieties' During Post-Primary Election Audit
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "Don't believe anyone who tells you we cannot change the status quo. #NoDAPL"
PHONE BANK FOR BERNIE-ENDORSED-CANDIDATE ERIC KINGSON : x-post CaliforniaForSanders
Super PACs are pouring MILLIONS of dollars to stop Zephyr Teachout in NY-19... Recent polls are showing that the race is neck and neck!!! Faso and his wealthy donors are scared; and they should be, but that doesn't mean that we should let up now!!! KEEP FIGHTING!
Let's Kill The TPP: A r/socialism Campaign
Progressive Unseats Rhode Island House Majority Leader By 17 Votes
Detroit makes community college free | First step towards education as a right?
Bernie is funding his delegates - donate or spread the word before tonight's final fundraising deadline!
@SenSanders: "In 1965, ratio of CEO pay to average worker pay was 20:1. In 2014, it was 303:1. Thats just incomprehensible to me."
Remy: This is CNN
Zuckerman Wins! The people in Vermont are ready for a change in politics as usual, at all levels of government.
The Koch Brothers Are Behind a Plot to Open Up the Grand Canyon Watershed to Toxic Uranium Mining
When Are the Bernie Sanders DNC Marches and Protests?
A million Ohio voters didnt get absentee ballot mailing
@OurRevolution: We intend to do everything we can to defeat the TPP. Join the fight. https://OurRevolution.com/Stop-The-TPP
So, We all voting Jill Stein now? Awesome
Democrats Will Learn All the Wrong Lessons From Brush With Bernie
@LucyFlores: Today is the day! Election Day! Need to find your polling location? Call 702-437-0587. Get out there and vote! #NV04
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "Apparently for many in the top 1%, owning and controlling our economy is not enough. They also want to own and control the government."
VA is short on Bernie delegates to the state convention this Saturday 6/18
Hawaii Vote @TulsiGabbard for Congress TODAY! We need everyone to get out and vote! #OurRevolution #TeamTulsi
Democrats want 'major role' for Sanders: Reuters/
Meet Some Sanders Delegates Who Plan To Turn Anger Into Positive Action
44 Percent of DEMOCRATS Want Sanders to Make an Independent Run for the White House | Global Research
Kshama Sawant: Organize a New Party for the 99% #movement4bernie
Tim Canova is debating DWS at 8:00 a.m. Eastern time today. Let's use this opportunity to get people fired up to make more calls for Tim!
Ford CEO: We're Against TPP, Not Free Trade
Two trans women win congressional Democratic primaries - both are supporters of Senator Sanders
Berniecrat running to defeat Hillary supporter LA Mayor Garcetti
One Million Supporter March for Bernie at the DNC National Convention
Pharma Threatens Vets in CA Prop 61 No Ads | "In other words, No Prop 61 is saying that the measure will hurt veterans because the pharmaceutical industry  in all its greed  will react by raising prices on veterans and refusing to honor some of the VAs discounts."
Attention Bernie Sanders Delegates!
Dr. Jill Stein on Twitter: "Hillary Clinton understands if you can't vote for a warmongering corporatist like her."
#ImWithNina has been trending on twitter for the last hour
Bothwell leaves Democratic Party over Clinton
Boost from Bernie Sanders plays into Seattle race for Congress
Affordable Care Act Shows Compromise With Capitalists Is Impossible
Teachout up 44-41 in new poll, 15% of voters still undecided
Delegates Are Using the Convention to Make the TPP Politically Unacceptable
JAW-DROPPING Evidence Of Election Fraud & Media Blackout! #ExitPollGate
FEC Commissioner, Citing The Intercept, Calls for Ban on Foreign Money in Politics
Bernie Sanders: The Nation Interview
Tim Canova Files Legal Complaint vs. Debbie Wasserman Schulz over Emails
New DNC Email Leak is the Final Nail in the Party Unity Coffin
Claiming That Bernie Sanders Just Sold Out, Or That The Political Movement He Started Is Over, Is Absurd
Runforoffice.org : a website that tells you what offices you can run for
Bernie Sanders to campaign in Boulder for Amendment 69, the statewide universal healthcare proposal
You promised CHANGE! We demand it! Change the 13th Amendment and abolish prison slave labor! #PrisonStrike
Voter Suppression Is Real & Now We Have Mathematical Proof
r/NinaTurner - A new sub to support Former Ohio State Senator and Bernie Sanders Surrogate, Nina Turner in her future endeavors  /r/NinaTurner
Sanders Wages Fight for Democrats to Show 'Strong Opposition' to Trans-Pacific Trade Deal
Appeals court halts Dakota Access Pipeline work pending hearing (xpost /r/NoDAPL)  /r/IndianCountry
Political Revolution on Twitter | .@DWStweets will not support a ban on fracking. @Tim_Canova will. #FL23Debate -H
Tim Canova on Twitter: ".@DWStweets missed more votes than any other Floridian representative. Now she won't show up to debate Tim Canova."
Im in a union. Youre welcome. How having strong labor unions helps everyone who works earn more
"Zephyr Teachout wrote the book when it comes to political corruption, so when billionaire hedge-funders like Paul Singer dump half a million dollars against her campaign, you know she's doing something right." - Our Revolution
Pramila's primary is in three days. Please hop on the phones and make sure we win this!
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "America needs YOU to run! BernieSanders.com/Run"
Tonight we win. Help ensure that Tim Canova wins tonight by phone banking!
Late stage Capitalism focuses more wealth into fewer and fewer hands, and Corporations are not competing any more. We need the FTC to use the SAA to break up companies, pull back the monopolies and create competition again until we figure out the next evolution of Capitalism that is fair for all.
Citizens Oversight is Winning Election Fraud Case in CA - Affects Multiple Counties and States
Bernies people are just beginning, even if Sanders ends his campaign
Wolf PAC
This is it! OurRevolution now has its own ActBlue! Now I can *really* start spamming "donate" and "phonebank!"
Green Partys Jill Stein is in Burlington, Vermont, DNC is paying close attention
Tim Canova on Twitter: "It's official, we've qualified by petitions for the ballot in the Democratic primary. Let's see the next excuse for #DebbieDodgesDebates."
Minimum Wage Would Be $21.72 per hour if it kept pace with productivity increases - Study
Hospital CEO says health care system broken, favors Medicare for all
Tomorrow is the last day to get Jill Stein on the ballot for Georgia
White House Admits 3x More Money Goes to Prisons than Schools
Wells Fargo: Too big to fail, too arrogant to admit it
Wikileaks Revelation: DNC Had Hillary Moles Inside Bernie Campaign
Universal healthcare in Canada began in one province, Saskatchewan, and then spread federally. In 2016, the fine people of Colorado have the opportunity to amend their State's Constitution to make healthcare a right of all Coloradans!
My Challenge to a Billionaire with a Super Pac - Zephyr Teachout
This sub is supposed to be for finding, encouraging, and supporting progressive candidates. Can we PLEASE not turn it into an endless Clinton conspiracy echo chamber?
Let's do something about the Clinton Foundation leak.
North Dakota Rejects Corporate Farm Ownership by 3-to-1 Margin
Latest polls: Bernie continues the solid trend of outperforming Hillary in the general. As usual Bernie is the best candidate to win in the general election.
Hundreds Shut Down Puerto Rico's Largest Wal-Mart
@BernieSanders | "Proud of my former staff Chris Pearson, Tim Ashe and Anthony Pollina for winning their Vermont primary elections yesterday!"
Julian Assange Offers to Surrender to U.S. if Chelsea Manning Is Released
Warren demands FBI explain failure to charge bankers
Study: Marijuana abuse falls as legalization rises
Koch Brothers Pass On Hillary AND Trump. Will Buy Congress Instead (down ballot race import!)
"America has more people in jail than any other country on the planet. That is an embarrassment of international proportions." - Our Revolution
So I was reading my AP Government and Politics book and I saw this... We don't have a single one of these things.
"We are on the brink of a larger mass movement ready to demand alternative solutions to capitalism. This movement can be successful if we are willing to work toward a solution that supports and empowers workers in their respective enterprises."
/r/IndianaForSanders will now be assisting Jill Stein to get the Green Party ballot access in Indiana. This gives Bernie an option, just in case he decides to run third party. Sign up to collect signatures in your state today!
It takes only ~15 min to make 10 calls for Tim Canova on GrassrootsPB, and be entered in a call raffle to win a letter and photo from Tim himself! Help Tim beat DWS! Lines are open 10AM-9PM EST.
Tim Canova just released a new ad about how important Social Security was for his family, with the small dollar donations from you! But ads aren't the only thing he need to close the gap, he needs people to PHONEBANK for him! Help remove DWS from Congress and put Tim Canova in! PHONEBANK!
Please use and share this official sign-up form to join Bernie's new successor organization and keep Our Revolution alive after the campaign.
Tim Canova on Twitter | RT  Debating DWS Sunday, August 14 at 8:00 a.m. ET on @CBSmiami It will also be streamed at http://CBSMiami.com
Phonebank for Tim Canova today. More callers = faster calls for everyone (NOT ME US) = more efficient canvassing = better GOTV = TIM WINS and DWS is out of a job.
Wasserman-Shultz Opponent Files Lawsuit Over DNC Emails! (W/Guest: Tim Canova)
It's as If They're Trying to Lose: Democrats' Optimism Ignores the Struggles of Millions
/r/Political_Revolution hits 10K subscribers
For the people who are going to use the riots to shame people
@OurRevolution: "Tim Canova has devoted much of his life to challenging Wall Street banks and political corruption. Florida would be fortunate to have someone like Tim representing their state. Vote for him in the primary today!"
Bernie is polling at over 80% in South Florida where for the first time ever Tim Canova is challenging Debt Trap Debbie. But Bernie is MIA whilst the entire establishment has been down there campaigning for Tim Canova's opponent, including HRC, Nancy Pelosi and Bill Clinton.
The Political Revolution Takes Aim at Wasserman Schultzs Congressional Seat
Consider joining a Credit Union
Police arrest 117 in crackdown on North Dakota pipeline protesters
Michigans newest political party gets certified today. The Working Class Party got itself onto the Michigan ballot after more than 50,000 people signed petitions. Thats more than the 31,566 signatures required by election law.
No more gravy train for big meat? Youngest Two Senators Jointly Propose Legislation Ending Anti-competitive Big Ag Funding
Election Fraud: How Bernie Voters were Purged from Voter Rolls
WikiLeaks leaks new DNC emails 13 September 2016
Volunteer Coders from Bernie's campaign are revving up for the long haul. Inspired by Bernie's message, we want to democratize organizing and campaigning, replacing money with people with the help of tech. But first, we need the infrastructure to do it. Enter codecorps.org
DNC Staffers Mocked the Bernie Sanders Campaign, Leaked Emails Show
The Democratic Party missed the opportunity to win a generation
INTERVIEW: Socialist Alternative activist and formidable Fox News opponent Darletta Scruggs talks student debt crisis, workers rights, and changing the system
Searches for 3rd Party candidate 2016 on Google spiked by +1,150% in the past week
Canadian Government Officials Confirm TPP Will Raise Pharmaceutical Costs
Make the Public Health Insurance Option Central to the 2016 Campaign
Undeterred by primary loss, Tim Canova continues pressing Wasserman Schultz
Sanders Democrat MISTY PLOWRIGHT wins in Colorado!
Today is the deadline to submit testimony to the DNC about what you'd like to see included in the 2016 Democratic platform. Do this for Bernie! Let's flood the DNC with suggestions for genuinely progressive policies, based on what he stated in his Thursday address!
The root of all evil: corporate media and journalism. Even Bernie didn't have a proposal to solve these guys and the fundamental problems they bring. Let's brainstorm!
Wikileaks: DNC Chair Donna Brazile Violated DNC Charter Just Like Wasserman Schultz
Zephyr Teachout - After winning the democratic nomination in NY-19th district vows to change status quo
People For Bernie on Twitter | Breaking: @BernieSanders is the most popular US Senator, by a YUGE margin! #FeelTheBern
PRESS RELEASE: Our Revolution Announces Formation of Board.
Sanders-Backed Pramila Jayapal Wins Big in Washington Congressional Primary
US income gap widened last year as top 1 percent gained most
How & Why Other Countries Have Ended the 2-Party System
Hi Reddit! I'm Keri Thompson. I'm an Independent running for MA State Rep to challenge the Democratic establishment and continue the political revolution! AMA!
Why conservatives should vote for ColoradoCare: "While we would all be paying $25 billion in taxes, we would all be saving $30 billion in health-care spending. This means the residents and businesses of Colorado end up with $5 billion more in their pockets each year..."
Obama puts Congress on notice: TPP is coming
Amy Goodman Broadcasts from North Dakota Across from Court Where She Faces Riot Charge Today
As Climate Warms, US Approves 117 Million Ton Coal Mine Expansion
'Travesty': Nestl Outbids Another Town for Control of Local Water Supply
Bernie Sanders On Twitter: "When people stand together, we win. Now we must stop the Dakota Access pipeline, once and for all."
@BernieSanders | I have stood with unions all of my life and I will continue to do so in fighting the disastrous TPP.
Koch Brothers Waging War Against Local Effort to Expose Dark Money
Facing South Florida: One-On-One With Tim Canova
Sheldon Adelson, who doesn't even live in MA, has donated $1 million to oppose legalization there. TODAY is the LAST day for MA residents to register to vote. It can be done online and it takes mere seconds. Get registered, fight back and vote yes! 2016 WILL be the political year of weed if we win.
The House Intelligence Committees Terrible, Horrible, Very Bad Snowden Report
Wasserman Schultz avoids talking about her email controversy, with tough primary days away
Today I made 10 calls for Pramila
Study Up, California! Youve Got 17 Statewide Measures to Vote On
I am David Sparks, And I Am Running For State Representative in Ohio, AMA!
Jane Sanders - Contact your representatives and the media to ask where they stand on #NoDAPL!
@BernieSanders: "I heard what @SpeakerRyan said: If the GOP loses the Senate, I'll be the Budget chairman. Sounds like a good idea."
I do not believe the greatest country on Earth should have one of the highest rates of childhood poverty of any major country. Bernie Sanders on Twitter
The Obama Administration Has Brokered More Weapons Sales Than Any Other Administration Since World War II
Hes back...Bernie Sanders to rally in L.A., S.F. for drug measure
Importance of Boston City Council Supporting Single Payer Health Care Reform: "The resolution calls upon the state legislature in the upcoming 2017- 2018 legislative session to propose and pass a measure to achieve a single payer system in the Commonwealth."
People For Bernie on Twitter: Wednesday night, we show the world Democratic Socialism is here to stay: http://map.berniesanders.com #OurRevolution
Income inequality happens by design. We can't fix it by tweaking capitalism
WTF?! Bill Clinton Angry That Young People Don't Like Hillary: Says Millennials Are To Blame For Country's Problems
Clinton Democrats Claim To Support Health Care As A Right, But Oppose Universal Healthcare In Platform: "The amendment was defeated by Democrats appointed to the committee by Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton..."
Defecting Democrats, Trump and bitterness: Why Jill Stein just might turn November upside down
Berniecrat running to defeat Hillary superdelegate Nydia Velazquez in NY-7
National Nurses United - Petition Calling on Democratic Party to include "MEDICARE FOR ALL" in 2016 DNC Platform
Zephyr Teachout on Twitter | Our campaign volunteers have knocked on 20,182 doors. We've got 50,000 more to reach in the next 3 1/2 weeks! Join: http://www.zephyrteachoutforcongress.com
We can't have a revolution until we take down the corporate media.
Tim Canova on Facebook | "South Florida: you vote on August 30. Let's make sure we defeat the failed and ineffective leadership of DNC Chair Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz."
'I Was Doing My Job': Climate Reporter Facing 45 Years Speaks Out
Over 200 Groups Demand EPA Revise Dangerously Flawed Fracking Study
Sanders was speaking truth to power and gaining popularity. The corporate media had to give Sanders coverage. But in the end, corporatism overcame the Sanders challenge.
Message from Tim Canova | We did it! I want you to be the first to know tonight that weve successfully hit our $50,000 fundraising goal from the grassroots, which will allow our campaign to ramp up our television ads and support our volunteers and staff on the ground here in South Florida.
Robert Reich Takes on the Trans-Pacific Partnership
DNC Panics As Jill Stein Fundraising Skyrockets 999% After Bernie Endorsed Hillary
Bernie Sanders Fundraises For Russ Feingold
Edward Snowden: why Barack Obama should grant me a pardon | US news
Viggo Mortensen Goes Green: I Trust Hillary About as Much as I Trust Donald Trump
Zephyr Teachout is doing an AMA in /r/politics!
Joe Biden Says Chances of Congress Passing the TPP Are Slim
Democratic lawmaker urges Sanders supporters to primary conservadems + take over the party; also posits creation of a hybrid third party
Environmental groups push back against the TPP
Nina Turner on Twitter | "Thanks for a great interview. More importantly, thanks for telling the stories of #DisappearingMiddleClass!"
Bernie needs our input to carry this movement forward! Please fill out this volunteer survey.
Bernie Sanders to stump for California drug pricing law
Down here in Florida's 23rd Congressional district, DWS is playing dirty. We need your help! Details inside
@OurPoliticalRev: "With Bernie's new organization, we're going to get at least 100 new candidates elected into office. This is what the Political Revolution looks like."
AMA Fraud and collusion class-action suit against the DNC and its Chairperson Debbie Wasserman Schultz, on behalf of Democrats, DNC donors, and Bernie Sanders donors (the Wilding case)
People For Bernie on Twitter: "BREAKING: @BernieSanders endorsed candidate @ZephyrTeachout is the projected winner of the #NY19 primary! https://t.co/dxbLBBFZRo"
Stanford Study Adds To Election Fraud Scandal While Media Falls Flat
Bernie Sanders on Twitter | Seniors and disabled veterans need more help than a few extra dollars in their monthly checks. We must expand Social Security.
Clinton super delegates up for replacement by Bernie'cratts
@Tim_Canova on Twitter: The federal government should not be making more than $30 billion a year off the backs of students. This is absurd.
Bernie Sanders Wins the Future with Our Revolution Book and Movement
I Made 14 Calls for Tim Canova today The Results are Great Because the People in Florida district 23 Are Great! Here are my results.....
The problem with mainstream media: 6 companies own 1500 news stations, 1100 magazines, 9000 radio stations, and 2400 publishers. This video shows just how scripted these stations are.
The Koch Brothers Sneak Into School - "The Kochs not only pay for laws to be written and passed, they now pay for them to be legitimated in the school curriculum as well."
Sanders campaign chair: Bernie wants fresh thinking on Israel-Palestinian conflict
Mark Ruffalo on Twitter | Okay everyone. Now let's GOTV on our down ticket folks who will make the biggest difference. Smash! Go @ZephyrTeachout
This is your LAST REMINDER, folks. There is WAY MORE than Trump & Clinton on the ballot. 9 states are voting on weed. A few are voting on raising the min. wage. CO is voting on single payer healthcare. Many registration deadlines begin NEXT WEEK. Get registered NOW. Then register 5 friends as well.
Bernie Sanders releases statement opposing Dakota Access Pipeline
That one time Bernie Sanders took on Walmart: Walmart pays minimum wage, cuts employee hours, doesnt offer benefits and is the epitome of the user/exploit model of administration found far too often in business,
Admin:Please pin this. Urgent! Just got word from Sanders campaign that we need people in NH. And I mean A Whole MASS of people.
Bernie Sanders real campaign is just getting startedcommentary
DNC Platform Co-Chair Embroiled in Major Ethics Scandal
Million Person March
The Largest Prison Strike in U.S. History Enters Its Second Week
Jill Stein: Public Banks and the Post Office
How Therapy Became A Hobby Of The Wealthy, Out Of Reach For Those In Need: "This wouldn't happen in places that have single-payer health systems..."
Sean Braddy, a Berniecrat, needs some support in OK
A Close Election Could Expose Risky Electronic Voting Machines - Voters in 15 states, including several battlegrounds, will use systems that lack an important safeguard against software errors and tampering.
Why We Need More Access to Bureaucrats Emails, Not Less: The Freedom of Information Act is crucial for government accountability.
Fire Debbie Wasserman Schultz
EpiPens save lives, and yet these greedy pharmaceutical companies are hiking the prices up anyways. Their selfishness has no limitations | Our Revolution
Incredibly, there are more than 2,300 registered events for the launch of Our Revolution on August 24th!
Zephyr Teachout aims to keep Bernie Sanders vision alive in Woodstock | US news
Vietnam delays TPP vote
@ZephyrTeachout | "We have only 6 days until what is likely to be a low-turnout primary. Every single vote counts! Please volunteer today for this weekend."
Green Party candidate vows to keep fighting Sanders 'revolution'
Deadline August 1st: To vote against Debbie Wasserman-Shultz in Florida, you must be registered Democrat by August 1st!
Georgia senate seat could be in play - Bernie democrat running for Senate
Xavier Prez on Twitter: "We want to recognize a person who has inspired an entire nation" followed by a standing ovation for @BernieSanders. #NoBillNoBreak
Our Revolution on Twitter | Voting shouldn't about choosing a "lesser of two evils." Ranked choice voting, like Maine's #Yeson5, gives power back to the voters.
Baltimores $15 Minimum Wage Proposal Up For Final Vote Next Week
The Sanders Movement Is Only Just Beginning
Sanders Will Campaign for Dems, But Won't Give Party Coveted Email List
So It Turns Out Things CAN Get Even Worse for Ex-DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz
Bernie Sanders Pens A Searing New York Times Op-Ed Calling On The Democratic Party To Wake Up
Bernie Sanders on Twitter | Its time for Congress to stand up to the pharmaceutical industry. We need senators like @DeborahRossNC who will fight for working families.
Marijuana legalization is leading in every state where its on the ballot this November
Nonprofit group targets Wasserman Schultz over payday lenders
VIDEO=> Wasserman Schultz Sued By Opponent Tim Canova for Illegal Use of DNC Resources
Beyond a Protest Party: What Will It Take for the Green Party to Start Winning?
Green Party's Jill Stein on Tax-Free Student Loan Bailout
'Relentless' Ilhan Omar sealed historic win in Minnesota legislative battle against 44-year incumbent
Don't #DemExit until AFTER your state's primaries are done
Join us at /r/FeingoldForSenate: Russ Feingold voted against the Iraq War and the PATRIOT Act. He also supports universal health care and co-authored the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act of 2002.
Tim Canova Battling Voter Suppression in Florida - Callers Told Not to Vote in August
We have had NO CALLS on grassrootspb today. Let me repeat that: NO CALLS. If we want a political revolution, we have to make it ourselves starting at the grassroots level! PHONEBANK for Tim Canova and help get DWS out of Congress!
"Marijuana doesn't kill people; corrupt crooks on Wall Street that drive the country into a recession kill people. It is appalling that owning a bag of weed is enough reason to throw thousands of kids in jail each year, but CEOs can defraud the entire nation without any punishment."
Bernie Sanders: We Need A Third Party
#DebbieDodgesDebate
Update: Dakota Access Pipeline Standoff Escalates
#PivottoDebbie: No, not that one - Debbie Medina is a democratic socialist candidate running for state senate in NY.
Showing up = Power. Your local Democratic club, district rep, and school board are powerful and easy to win.
"Bernie lit the flame  now we'll hold their feet to the fire"
Anyone interested in starting Jill Stein rallies across the country?
Minneapolis $15 minimum wage petition has enough signatures for November ballot
@JaneKim | "#EveryVoteCounts! Updated election results released today- we're officially in lead + up 373 votes in race for State Senate D11! #runjanerun"
Tim Canova on Twitter: "If I was in Congress, I'd sign the discharge petition and vote for an assault weapons ban. The horror in Orlando cries out for action!"
Legalize Recreational Weed Use in California! Vote Yes on Prop 64!
We witnessed what happens when people don't show up to vote: we lose. We can organize all we want, but unless we get people registered and to the polls, it's all for nothing. 31 states + DC offer online voter registration (link inside). Share these links and make sure everyone you know can vote!
Sanders Donors Deserve Retribution in The Form of a Class Action Suit Against The DNC
'Is That Not Genocide?' Pipeline Co. Bulldozing Burial Sites Prompts Emergency Motion
I'm making 100 calls for Tim Canova this week. Who's gonna match me?
One of the greatest accomplishments that /r/SandersForPresident ever made was raising over ten million dollars for Bernie 2016. Now, it's time to support Our Revolution. Please make a contribution today using this referral link, and let's keep track of how much /r/Political_Revolution can raise!
Discrediting the Democratic Party is how Progessivism can triumph over Neoliberalism-Neoconservatism.
President or not, Sanders is already the leader of the USA.
The Our Revolution Launch is TONIGHT! Details on how to attend or host a launch party is inside!!!
Bernie bucks keep pouring in for Wasserman Schultz rival Canova
A Republican Super PAC has been following Zephyr Teachout around with cameras wherever she goes. Here's what they found.
Mother Jones would probably throw up if she read Mother Jones attacks on Bernie Sanders young supporters
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "It speaks to the best of who we are as Americans that in a moment of crisis, the people of our nation came together."
An often ignored election can help us build the revolution...your local board of education
Susan Sarandon on Twitter: "Listen up South Florida! Its time to say no to corruption & DWS and yes to a true progressive, @Tim_Canova."
Can Bernie Sanders Defeat Debbie Wasserman Schultz?
Our nations infrastructure is collapsing, and the American people know it. Today, the U.S. spends less than 2 percent of GDP on infrastructure. A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million decent paying jobs. We need to invest in infrastructure, not more war.
On August 24th, 2016, Our Revolution will launch with a big Organizing Kickoff to get to work fighting for the political revolutionthrough November and beyond. Bernie will speak via livestream at 9 ET / 6 PT and lay out the path forward for our movement.
Friends: Our Revolution is looking for a creative graphic designer who wants to make art that changes the world. Based in Washington, D.C. and hiring ASAP.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz Out As Democratic Convention Chair After Email Leak
Sign up to help count the ballots in California! ALL COUNTIES NEEDED!
Sen. Bernie Sanders to stump for Amendment 69 (ColoradoCare) in Boulder, Colorado on Monday (10/17)!
Never forget. We won't lose sight of his vision.
Dr. Jill Stein Responds to Anti-Vax Smears
Kshama Sawant: Why Im Petitioning Bernie to Run Independent
Poll: Most Americans want to replace Obamacare with single-payer  including many Republicans
Money pours in for North Dakota pipeline protest
 Zephyr Teachout on Twitter: "Three days until the June 28th Primary! Remember that the polls are open 12 to 9. Get it on your calendar and all your friends calendars!"
Ben & Jerry just made a video endorsing Tim Canova and it is amazing.
Hi! Im Eric Kingson. I am running for New York's 24th Congressional District, and Bernie has endorsed my campaign. Ask Me Anything!  x-post /r/SandersForPresident
Tulsi Gabbard for Congress | SIGN THIS PETITION! Call on President Obama to end the counterproductive regime change war in Syria.
I'm Zephyr Teachout, Bernie-endorsed candidate for Congress in one of the tightest races in the country. AMA!  /r/politics
Vote to have a question about Ranked-Choice Voting in the next debate!
Sanders Statement on Push to Pass Pacific Trade Pact
Bernie Sanders' New Organization, "Our Revolution" Live-Stream Wednesday, August 24 @ 9pmEST (unofficial logo)
Pennsylvania Pipelines Bursts, Leaks 55,000 Gallons Of Gas Into One Of USA's Most Endangered Rivers
Grassroots Democrats Are Making the TPP a Big Issue in Congressional Races
"It is absurd that regular Americans get thrown in jail for nonviolent drug possession, while Wall Street executives are allowed to defraud an entire country and walk away scot-free." - Bernie Sanders
Millennial Sanders Activists Give New Energy to Southern Organizing
Draft Nina Turner to take Debbie Wasserman Schultz DNC Speaking Slot
A SECOND Stanford Study Shows Election Fraud!
Faced with Trump and Clinton, Americans yearn for third choice: Reuters/Ipsos
Sanders tweet causes drug company to lose $400M in a day
Zephyr Teachout - Live from the rally with Bernie Sanders!
Shake up at the DNC: CEO and top staffers resign
NH poll: Dem challenger pulls ahead of Ayotte
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "We have a debt that we owe the Native American people that we can never fully repay."
Pipeline protests work: After delays, Sandpiper Pipeline goes under with cheap oil prices
The r/Tulsi team has set up a new twitter account @GrassrootsTulsi to use in grassroots organizing and promotion of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard.  Crosspost: /r/tulsi
Hours Before Hillary Clinton's VP Decision, Likely Pick Tim Kaine Praises the TPP
Tulsi Gabbard launches petition to end Democratic Party superdelegate process
Bernie Sanders to Boulder residents: 'Stand tall and vote yes on Amendment 69' (ColoradoCare)
Is The Political Revolution being co-opted by The Democratic Party?
Hey guys, I'm a Field Organizer for the Canova Campaign. With all the news about DWS today, it is the perfect opportunity to be calling voters in FL-23 and letting them know why Tim Canova should be their next representative in Congress. Please hop on the phones and help us win here on August 30.
Bernie Sanders to Campaign Against Debbie Wasserman Schultz
Friends: Check your email! Bernie is doing a fundraiser to pay the flights/accommodation for his delegates trying to get to Philly. I'm down for another money bomb to help these people.
Tell the DNC: Gov. Malloy must stand up for working families -- or resign from the Platform Committee
Hi r/Political_Revolution! I am Tom Wakely. A progressive Texan looking to unseat Lamar Smith (R) in TX's 21st Congressional District. AMA!
Make Sure You're Informed!! Our Revolution has a list of important Ballot Initiatives for All 50 States; Read up on your state *NOW* so when you get to the booth, you know what to vote for!! Ballot Items are how change is enacted or stopped; take charge of YOUR VOTE today!!
The fight for Universal Healthcare in Colorado needs your help! Calling for people to do phonebanking this weekend. Info inside.
Tim Canova camp cites new poll that shows him within striking distance  of Debbie Wasserman Schultz
Gary Johnson: I would sign the TPP
Wikileaks teasing something leading up to DNC convention.
Petition: Allow 3rd Party Candidates into General Election Debates
Nothing will change without electoral reform...
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "We need trade policies that benefit American workers, not just corporate CEOs. Democrats must do all they can to defeat the TPP. #StopTPP"
Wikileaks Mega Thread 2.0 - Podesta E-mails
Sanders in '93: If we're going to ask American auto workers, dairy farmers and truck drivers to be competitive with their counterparts in Mexico, Mr Speaker, the salaries of the US Congress should be competitive with the Mexican Congress
Any Florida residents here? You know what's probably just as important, if not more important, than the primary between Wasserman-Schultz and Canova? Amendment 4. Vote yes on that thing, and tell all your friends and family to do the same.
"August 24th - Our First Big Event" - Bernie Sanders
Sanders Fundraises for DWS Primary Challenger
He gave us a message, and a blueprint to get us there. Don't fuck it up, push progressives into office, ESPECIALLY CONGRESS, and the Bernie platform we want will be written by the man himself.
Green Party's Stein takes message to Manchester, seeks disaffected Sanders supporters
Amendments Proposal in CA for truly open primaries.
Tulsi Gabbard on Twitter: "Im proud to endorse @ZephyrTeachout. She will stand up when it counts."
Simple List of Berniecrats for CT, WI, MN, VT Pimaries THIS TUESDAY, August 9
Debbie Wasserman Schultz Gets Last-Minute Help from Super PAC in Primary Race
What You DIDNT See At The DNC: Bernies Movement Stronger Than Ever
Pramila Jayapal has won the primary for Washington's 7th district and will move on to the general election. The revolution continues!
WA, MO, and MI State Primary Election Mega Thread!
The host committee for the Democratic National Convention wants to keep its donor list under wraps until after the convention even though a state open records agency has ordered its release.
More Sanders voters say they will choose 'other,' or not vote, than back Clinton
Tim Canova's "Progress For All" Pac is pushing for open primaries, non partisan elections, election integrity, and more for Florida via 2018 ballot measures
New poll: Russ Feingold pulling away from challenger in WI Senate race, now up by 6 points.
Voting 3rd party is NOT a wasted vote, ESPECIALLY if you're not in a swing state!
Debbie Wasserman Schultz agrees to debate Tim Canova this Sunday morning
The political and economic elites think we're going to pack our bags and give up on the political revolution. Prove them wrong.
Tim Canova Discusses Florida Primary Against Debbie Wasserman Schultz
Want to replace the ACA with Single Payer? Donate funds to Coloradocare!
Mark my words: Tulsi Gabbard will be a future U.S. president.
Pro-Fracking, Pro-Colonialism, Anti-Single Payer: The Democrats Platform Sucks
Sanders to push a plan to ban private companies from running prisons - The Washington Post
"Thank You for Taking the First Step" - Bernie Sanders
Adam H. Johnson on Twitter: "Comcast funded website promotes Comcast funded show promoting legislation lobbied for by Comcast https://t.co/sXM5MONFhm"
Bernie Progressive Running Against Corporate Smear Machine In Ohio
The entire Seattle Seahawks team will protest the national anthem at opening game
Lines are open to PHONEBANK for Tim Canova. You smashed the daily call target yesterday with 1.7k calls on GrassrootsPB. Only 10 calls and you can make a difference - CALL NOW -
Democratic Pundits Downplay Serious Ethical Issues Raised by the Clinton Foundation
Political Revolution on Twitter: "Congratulations @Tim_Canova! This endorsement is well earned. We must never give up the fight for a better future. https://t.co/t60ZF8kXz6"
Why Jill Stein just might turn November upside down
Bernie Sanders Urges Unions To Stand Up And Use Their Power To Crush The Koch Brothers
8 Terrible Things About the Trans-Pacific Partnership
You Can Have Your Weak Nominee If You Wish  the Sanders Endorsement Backfires on Hillary Clinton, Empowers Sanders in One Masterstroke
How to Steal an Election
My opponent Faso, along w/ his big donor Robert Mercer, is still Trump-putting party over principle & decency. #ny19
Colorado voters will decide this November if they want a Presidential primary as opposed to a caucus and if primaries should be open to voters unaffiliated with a major party.
One Of The Most Reviled Prosecutors In Florida Just Got Kicked Out Of Office
AZ and FL State Primary Election Mega Thread
The ACLU has a new batch of pocket constitutions that they are giving away for free!
Bernie Sanders Just Made Jill Stein The Most Powerful Woman In American Politics
Seattle Socialist Kshama Sawant: Beyond Bernie - Still Not With Her
New Poll - Feingold [WI
"It is factually incorrect that we cannot afford tuition-free higher education"
Meet the Democratic Socialist Whos Running for New York State Senate
Russ Feingold calls for making internet a utility
Economists Say We Should Tax The Rich At 90 Percent
If Donald Trump wins the presidency, would you support Tulsi Gabbard for a 2020 presidential bid?
Sanders, Dem Senators Press Obama to Halt ND Pipeline
Senators Call For Global Super Court To Be Removed From TPP
MCSO Joe Arpaio ("America's Toughest Sheriff") just beat 3 other candidates in the AZ GOP Primary for Maricopa County Sheriff and will face Democratic challenger Paul Penzone in the Election. Will you please help him UNSEAT Joe by DONATING him and VOTE for him if you live in AZ?
When this post is ten hours old, Our Revolution's launch-party will have officially begun. Click here to watch the live stream!
Political Revolution on Twitter | Whether you are a Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton, or Jill Stein supporter, if you support progressives, #OurRevolution is for you.
Help Tim Canova Beat Debbie Wasserman Schultz! | Phone bank today and let's send the establishment home!
Socialists build $15/Now! ballot initiative in Minneapolis
Robert Reich on FB: It's not just the presidential race we need to be thinking about. Democrats have a solid chance of taking back the Senate -- which is critically important.
Teachout claims lead five-point lead over Faso in new poll
'Be Afraid': Largest Corporations Wealthier Than Most Countries
"It was true in 2003 and it's true now. Giving tax breaks to billionaires and shipping manufacturing jobs out of the country is destroying the middle class." (feat. Bernie Sanders and Alan Greenspan) | Our Revolution
The Billionaire Class is Terrified that Russ Feingold will Return to the Senate
Bernie Sanders is writing a book entitled "Our Revolution"!
Jane O'Meara Sanders on Twitter: @cenkuygur combatting misinformation, being positive as always! @TheYoungTurks: Have Some Faith in Bernie Sanders
One Year of a Coal CEO's Salary Could Transition US Coal Miners to Work in Solar Industry
Tired of Waiting for Corporate High-Speed Internet, Minnesota Farm Towns Build Their Own
Our Revolution on Twitter | Oscar Lopez Rivera has served 34 years in prison for his commitment to Puerto Rico's independence. President Obama, it's time to let him out.
Paul Penzone leading ahead of Joe Arpaio by 9 POINTS!!! Arizonans, please take down Arpaio for good by voting for Penzone for Maricopa County Sheriff!
Want A Candidate who Can Win? Zephyr Teachout is The Progressive Who Can Win!
Why the New Sanders Group Our Revolution Is Leaving Many Bernie Backers Scratching Their Heads
Progressive Ohio Candidate Crashes Press Conference While He's Being Smeared
BREAKING: CBS News Finally Admits Election Could Be Rigged Easily
Outside CBS 4 in Miami this morning before the Canova/DWS debate
To Stop Climate Change, Dont Just Cut Carbon. Redistribute Wealth.
Jill Stein: The Two-Party System Is Broken
The Democrats Ignore the 500-Pound Lobbyist in the Room
Donate to help CO pass Single Payer Healthcare!!
VA is short on Bernie delegates to the state convention this Saturday 6/18 : SandersForPresident
ICYMI May 2015 - Bernie Sanders really matters: He doesn't have to win to build a progressive movement
Our Revolution on Twitter: Our Revolution stands with our board member Shailene Woodley following her arrest today at Standing Rock. #NoDAPL #IndigenousPeoplesDay
All politics are local. The revolution must play the long-game. Let's start taking back our local offices-- city councils, school boards, county positions, and make our way up.
8 Terrible Things About the Trans-Pacific Partnership Its no wonder the Obama administration tried to keep this secretthe corporate-friendly trade agreement, decoded. inthesetimes.com/article/18695/TPP_Free-Trade_Globalization_Obama
Sites like Salon.com and Slate.com are not fighting for the Political Revolution
Pope Francis urges the young to abandon gadgets for life of activism
DWS asks for Tim Canova's name to be removed from CNN headline.
I'm Jay Williams, Candidate for United States Senate in South Dakota. AMA
Thousands to Flood Philly for DNC Protests, Marches
Bernie Sanders Trying to Kill AT&T's Purchase of Time Warner - [4:00
Each year, there are more than 35,000 low-income high school seniors that score in the 90th percentile on the ACT or SAT but never make it to college.
Please phone bank for Bernie-endorsed candidate Pramila Jayapal! Her primary is less than a month away!
Deeply Moving Message from Bernie Sanders
Star Progressive Pramila Jayapal on Why the Political Left Needs More Activists
Why is Jill Stein not listed in the "Related Candidate Subreddits"?
Dr. Jill Stein Interview With The Young Turks' Cenk Uygur
Corporate Executives Are Making Way More Money Than Anybody Reports: 950 times worker wages and NOT 375 times worker wages :)
Our Revolution Full Website has Been Launched
Aetna's Greed Proves That Medicare-for-All Is the Best Solution
Strong work to the mod team. The PR front page has been much higher quality since getting rid of presidential politics.
Bloomberg Politics: Sanders will return to the senate as an independent.
My name is Juli Dominguez and I am running for Indiana's State Senate in District 16 .
If you want to do something about the collusion revealed by DNCLeaks, don't just go after Clinton. Demand the media outlets to explain themselves.
#StopTPP -- Are Obama and Clinton Counting on Republican Majorities to Pass TPP?
How to become a member of the Democratic National Committee
Poll Finds Young Americans More Open to Socialist Ideas
Bernie Sanders on Twitter | If we beat the drug industry in California, we are going to put them on the defensive and lower the cost of medication across this country.
Leaked Memo Told Dems: Dont Offer Support For Black Lives Matter Policy Positions
We have four days until the launch of Our Revolution. Please hop on the phones and call potential hosts.
The rich want us to believe their wealth is good for us all | George Monbiot | Opinion
Forcing the Innocent to Plead Guilty: "...[G
Dan Smith: Berniecrat running against neoliberal incumbent in Washington's 9th CD
Bernie Sanders on Twitter | Our job is to have the highest voter turnout in the world, not one of the lowest.
Guards Join with Inmates in the Nationwide Prison Strike!
Theres a Democratic Socialist from Los Sures Running for State Senate in New York
Rep Tulsi Gabbard Slams Clintons Failed Foreign Policy Record
Let us not forget who brought us all together: Donate to Bernie Sanders today!
Warren To Obama: Veto Budget Over Dark Money Rider
Eugene Debs: "You argue that you dont want to throw away your vote. Thats right. Dont vote for freedom  you might not get it. Vote for slavery  you have a cinch on that." (X-post from /r/socialism)
We need to hold a Third Constitutional Convention and get ranked voting implemented
Almost at 20,000 subscribers!
Why Do We Fight For Zephyr Teachout? Because She will Fight For District 19 NY! We Will All Benefit! Ten Reasons:
I'm bestselling healthcare journalist TR. Reid, and Colorado is about to vote become the first state in the US with universal healthcare. AMA!
Media has a hand in killing democracy in America, not just Wasserman-Schultz or the GOP
PBS: Hacked emails overshadow Democratic National Convention
It's Time For You To Run For Office
Authorities Shut Down Roads &amp; Airspace Near Pipeline (read: No-Fly Zone)
Please share this 2 minute "Mini Movie" of an Upstate NY Republican family, Whose Land WAS Taken By Pipeline company is NOW VOTING FOR Zephyr Teachout
Both Parties in Congress Agree: Flint Can Wait a Few More Months for Clean Water
"Big pharmaceutical companies like Pfizer have gotten away with robbery for far too long. It's time that they finally lower their disgustingly high drug prices, and stop ripping off all the hard-working families of America." - Our Revolution
YouGov/Economist Poll Post-Convention | Sanders: Favorable 61% Unfavorable 31% (+30) Debbie W Schultz: Favorable 14% Unfavorable 44% (-30)
#ColoradoBernieBus to #OccupyDNC
'Now or Never': Congress Flooded With Calls to Stop TPP on National Day of Action | "We must force every member of Congress to state his or her position on the TPP before the election."
Yesterday with the release of the new DNC leaks, we discovered that the corruption of the American government goes far beyond what we had previously imagined. Use your vote to tell them that this cannot stand. Join the Political Revolution today!
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: Our Native American brothers and sisters & environmental justice advocates have transformed #NoDAPL into a movement.
Dakota Access Pipeline Company Deliberately Destroyed Sacred Sioux Burial Sites
With Wasserman Schultz gone, dont expect change at the D.N.C.
Bernie Sanders won't be President, but he might become something even better...
Tinfoil Hat Time! Following her loss in 2008, Clinton was promised SOS and strategic positions in DNC for her staffers. Guess who got bumped?
We're all angry about the DNCLeaks, but not angry enough. This recent reveal puts Sanders into a terrible predicament, and the party is to blame.
@BernieSanders | No laws prevent drug companies from doubling or tripling prices. So they just do it. We are going to change that.
27 U.S. Senators Rebel Against Arming Saudi Arabia
Bernie Sanders, Shailene Woodley, and Young the Giant are guests on Seth Meyers tonight, 9-15-16
Zepher Teachout for Congress
TODAY IS THE DAY TO VOTE, FLORIDA 23rd DISTRICT! We need everyone phonebanking to GOTV for Tim Canova and help push him over the line to defeat DWS! Every single vote is important in these smaller elections. You can make a sizable difference today! PHONEBANK AND WIN!
I Only Made 6 calls for Canova and Two were on fire for Tim when I explained Tim on social security , opposing trade deals, wants to change laws so unions can organize better and environmental
Mass Exodus From the Democratic Party After Convention, July 30th
Zephyr Teachout's Push for Reform
Bernie Sanders Hints at Putting Ongoing 'Pressure' on Hillary Clinton Over Banking Issues
bernie sanders circa 1986 on housing issues in burlington
Sue Minter wins Democratic primary for governor
Electoral Reform should be a cornerstone of the revolution - Both money in politics and First Past the Post are killing our democracy
Justice Department to Track Use of Force by Police Across U.S.
Wikileaks On Twitter: "You don't publish a million secrets a year without making a few enemies"
Kshma Sawant on Why Vote 3rd Party:"For Dem Party establishment defeating Trump is a priority, but a bigger priority is to defeat the agenda of working people to fight for social change, because the interests of ordinary working people and the interests of Wall Street are diametrically opposite."
DNC Leaks Reveal Anti-Sanders Bias with Media and Clinton Camp Colluding
La Riva: We cant have a political revolution and support imperialist war hawk Clinton at same time
Canova Says Opponent Wasserman Schultz Far Too Cozy With Modern-Day Slavery Big Sugar
Bernie Sanders: Heres what Ill do the day after the election
Misty K Snow on Twitter | We are supposed to have a government of, by, and for the people; not a government of, by, and for the millionaires. #UTPol #Flipthesenate
Zephyr Teachout - How I Met Bernie Sanders
Fast food workers from New York, Boston and Philadelphia plan to walk off their jobs Monday evening to demonstate for a $15-an-hour minimum wage during the first presidential debate at Hofstra Univesity.
Tim Canova has 481 Youtube subscribers.
Our Voice. Our Future. Our Country. Our Revolution is Just Beginning [First Official Video Ad from Our Revolution!
Hi Reddit! I am Adam Sackrin, 28-year-old attorney and progressive Democrat inspired to run for Congress in Miami, where mosquitoes are now infecting people with the Zika virus (FL-27 closed Democratic primary 8/30), AMA!  /r/IAmA
National Nurses Union Threatens to Strike
TYT's Jimmy Dore: Democrats Are Restarting The Cold War To Hide From WikiLeaks
Senate Bill to Establish Ranked Voting for Public Offices in Indiana (SB277)
Elizabeth Warren DESTROYS Wells Fargo CEO For Unauthorized Accounts "YOU SHOULD RESIGN" 9/20/16
Los Angeles Eyeing a Switch to 100% Renewable Power
Tim Canova's primary is in less than 30 days, early voting starts earlier, and absentee ballots and being sent out NOW! If there was a time to start phonebanking, NOW is that time, NOT in 10 or 20 days! PHONEBANK and put Tim in Congress and get DWS out!
Living Wage should be based off of a single income family.
Democratic Socialists of America
Bernie Sanders on Twitter | We won't survive if we continue to destroy nature. Until the tribes are consulted, all Dakota Access pipeline construction should be halted.
Dear .@BernieSanders base: Remember the message, even if we didn't get the top spot
Bernie Sanders Calls on U.S. to Stand Against Brazilian Attempt to Oust President Dilma Rousseff: "After suspending Brazils first female president on dubious grounds, without a mandate to govern, the new interim government abolished the ministry of women, racial equality and human rights."
Bernie Sanders gets emotional as his brother casts vote at #RollCall
Jill Stein Speaking at Black Lives Matter Rally in Springfield, MA
Sanders: Strengthen Social Security
Obama allows State Dept. to hold Hillary emails until after election; even CNN is outraged[VIDEO
FAA Says North Dakota Cops Commited Felony by Shooting Down DAPL Protester Drones - Counter Current News
Ready to rumble? Proponents of Prop. 61 drug pricing measure challenge pharmaceutical companies to a debate
Bill Clinton admits that some foundation donors expected favors
Police Begin Mass-Arrests at Dakota Access Pipeline, FB Censors Video  /r/politics
Tim Canova is honest when he meets his financial goals. He is up against super pacs and his commercials are so on point. It is a really close race even Sun Sentinel admits it!
HUGE victory as Coloradans stand up the to fracking industry to put community health + safety on the ballot in Nov.
Meet the 16-Year-Old DNC Delegate Who Says Bernie Changed Her Life  And America
Fracking Ruins Everything, Including Your Food
Introducing Adopt a Delegate! For many, costs to attend the convention are in the $5,000 range. Let's support them if possible! Please share!
Getting money out of politics: Cenk Uygur Wants You To Join #TeamRevolution
Bernie Boomer here. Wanted to tell you youngsters how impressed I am with your creativity!
The Catholic Church Uses Tax-Exempt Funds To Stop Marijuana Legalization
National Nurses United Supports Colorado Single Payer Amendment 69
YOU can help ColoradoCare win in November by making calls for it. Hop on the lines and make calls now!
Jeremy Corbyn MP on Twitter: Happy birthday @JohnMcdonnellMP & @BernieSanders. Two socialist campaigners who have fought for better societies all their lives
Hi Reddit! I AM Charlie Hardy, a former Catholic priest who ran for Congress after living in a cardboard shack in a Venezuelan slum for 8 years. And I'm Reed Lindsay, award-winning filmmaker documenting Wyomings Bernie Sanders. We're running with Bernie and Our Revolution. Ask us anything!
OFFICIAL @OurRevolution on Twitter: "Campaigns end. Revolutions carry on. The struggle continues. Join us."
Hugely Successful Beyond Bernie Meetings
Tim Canova on Twitter: "I'm glad that the court has upheld @FCC rules protecting net neutrality. The Internet must remain free and open."
We should push TYT to give this new sub a shoutout
Bernie Sanders Is More Popular Than Ever
Is there room here for Democrats?
Bernie Abandons the Revolution: Time to Back Jill Stein
Democratic Party Adopts $15 National Minimum Wage to Party Platform
Question: Are we supporting a Progressive Revolution or Campaigning against the Democratic Party
New Hillary Ad!
Longtime Bernie Sanders supporter Tulsi Gabbard endorses Hillary Clinton for President
Police snipers shoot 11-year-old at Dakota Pipeline protests
Is this Political_Revolution or antiDNC?
When you refuse to take down your Bernie 2016 lawn sign and wake up to this! (Inglewood,CA)
You Say You Want a Revolution? Sorry, Bernie, Not for 27 Dollars Apiece.
Watch the "Clinton Cash" movie for free!
Hillary Clinton personally delivers big boost to Wasserman Schultz
And we will...keep moving forward guys.
This is a fake revolution focused on maintaining the status quo
Anderson Cooper destroys Debbie Wasserman Schultz
Dan Savage on Jill Stein
New poll shows Debbie Wasserman Schultz crushing Tim Canova in CD 23 Democratic primary
ourrevolution.com is run by who again? And why through actblue who appears to be all clinton support???
An Open Letter to My Beloved Fellow Bernie Sanders Supporters
Why isn't Bernie supporting the down ballot candidates like he said he would?
Can we please make this sub less anti-Hillary and more about the actual political revolution?
Shutting down /r/SandersForPresident will kill this revolution, I beg you not to do this.
GMO labeling is an attack on scientific progress
No matter who vote for as President, please remember to vote for downballot Democrats so we can keep what progress we have made.
Any Revolution Within The Democratic Party Will Only Be Consumed By The Corrupt Corporate Power Structure
Why I think it doesn't matter who becomes president
All Forgiven? Clinton, Sanders Agree to Work Together
John Lewis to campaign for DWS.
GOP Official Says Bernie Sanders, Chris Pearson Violated Law
The Bernie movement should focus now on giving Clinton a congress that will help her do right, and impede her doing wrong.
Mr Sanders, You fucked up.
Correct the Record = Domestic Terrorism
"Sellout."
Proof positive that Hillary Clinton covered up for the Saudis and Bush family related to 911 inside job funding and was rewarded with $10 million in hush moneys from the Saudis in Panama bank account at Morgan & Morgan.
Canova accuses DWS of being anti-Israel because of Iran Deal. Is this the political revolution Bernie would have wanted?
Wherever you donate, always make it $27
Why Pelosi's DCCC Has Lost Several Dozen House Seats In Recent Cycles
Support progressive candidates up and down the ticket and get Robert Reich's new book "Saving Capitalism"
Congressional Black Caucus comes out forcefully against Bernie Sanders proposed transformation of Democratic primary process
Clinton will push constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United
I will not be participating in Our Revolution, or any other group that accepts large donations from millionaires and billionaires.
Bernie Sanders is a no-show for Tim Canova
California just removed superdelegates
Bernie Sanders just might be the most popular politician in America
Why is this sub strictly pro-Jill?!
Bernie Sanders is no spoiler: Hes trying to cure the centrist complacency thats plaguing the Democratic Party
TPP has me afraid to live my life.
You can #DemExit all you want
My statement in moving forward from r/S4P.
DNC road trip to Philly
Dump Trump, Dump Clinton: Look To the Conventions
What Uncle Sam and the 1% don't want you to know about the indictment process since it is now a mystery why 75 trained FBI criminal expert agents need more than a month to decide whether or not Hillary broke laws that are simple enough for first year law students to understand in one hour.
Clinton takes control of DNCbuh bye Debbie Wasserman Schultz
Bernie/Jill or Jill/Bernie?
A Revolution of Values: Five Ways to Address the Value Gap (political discourse, inequality, etc)
Citizenship, Politics, and Democracy: Why Millennials Don't Vote
Democrats Are in Deep Trouble  Even If Hillary Clinton Wins
Is it fair to say OR is simply a democrat-sheepdogging organization now?
87% of Americans think a 2nd Civil War in now brewing. Do you agree we may need an "American Spring"???
Will TPP Stop China's Rise?
Does the TPP work for workers?
[Opinion/Question
Bernie Sanders' Campaign Shifts After Endorsement | Rachel Maddow | MSNBC
To my black loved ones: my heart and pain is with you.
Will Progressives Bow Down To Hillary Clinton?
Bernie Sanders Won't Endorse Hillary Clinton for Now
Sanders Didnt Lose the Black Vote: He Never Had It, and Never Asked Why
FiveThirtyEight declares "the political process isn't rigged... the blame lies with voters".
I think we should avoid discussing the presidential campaign in order to better unite.
Will /r/Political_Revolution endorse a POTUS nominee?
Our Revolution - Progressive Independent Party
Does Obama Really Care About A Public Option?
Bernie rocks, but he's wrong about the recent GMO labeling issue he sent in the email.
What WikiLeaks revealed about the DNC so far
#SwitchToBernie - Petition: "We, the undersigned, respectfully request the delegates and superdelegates of the Democratic National Convention to vote for Bernie Sanders as the Democratic Party's nominee for President, regardless of who they are currently pledged or bound to."
Comedian Sarah Silverman sends Fundraising plea for Russ Fiengold
State Senate candidate Jane Kim challenges Scott Wiener to Pokemon Go  and he agrees
Sanders Endorses Clinton
'Black Men for Bernie' Founder to End Democrat 'Political Slavery' of Minorities
My open letter to Baby Boomers
For White People Who Want to Attend #BlackLivesMatter Protests - Wear Your Voice
[META
Robert Reich has a message for Bernie supporters who equate Hillary with Trump
How to take the South and other red states
Should Hillary supporters even be allowed here?
Bernie Sanders concedes to Clinton.
Pope Francis: Capitalism is Terrorism Against All Humanity
The Limitations of Proportional Representation
The Real Story Behind the 2016 DNC
Strategic Vote Swapping
Our top priority should be enabling a national referendum vote on guns and abortion to break down the biggest barrier to entry for the progressive party.
OMalley TPP Letter
A Collection Of Speeches From Comrade Sanders
This sub split should backtrack a little bit.
"Meeting with Bernie Sanders" - Sanders campaign asking for SS number and DOB? (X-post r/SandersforPresident)
The Meeting That Could Decide Future of Dem Party: "Sanders could extract specific promises from Clinton on his policy agenda and his role at the Democratic National Convention in July."
We should not join the Green party as a means to our end. Their party, while admirable, has baggage both in terms of reputation and in terms of certain policies.
I am giving up unless we can at least manage to keep Hillary out of the White House
We Won't Back Down! Manifesto for a Movement.
Let's get Jill Stein in the debates.
You say you want to continue Bernie's revolution. Prove it. Phonebank for Pramila Jayapal today - the Washington Primary is tomorrow, and she was one of the first candidates Bernie ever endorsed!
Presidential Race Mega Thread 8-26-2016
The Democratic Party Is Dead
#MrsClintonWeDontWantWW3 #MrsClintonWeWantPeace
You Are Not Allowed To Ask Questions On the Discord Server
Hello from the other side - a message of goodwill from my camp to the Sanders camp. [X-post /r/S4P
The Democrats George Washington Moment (or How the Democrats Shock the World, Unite the Party, and Crush Donald Trump)
Why Bernie Sanders wont support a Third Party. Or, A New Hope.
Pledge 2 Vote 3rd Party
Ok what is our opinion on this Gary Johnson?
What is the direction in this subreddit from here on?
Ok, Hillary works for the 1%, Trump is a gamble, Sanders just backstabbed me, so ALL I HAVE LEFT IS YOU
The Online Voting Platform of The Future
Ideas for a progressive foreign policy that actually outlines a grand strategy
What Does Bernie Sanders Think Of Third Parties?
Hillary Clintons Citizens United Pledge Doesnt Matter; Her Small-Donor Matching Pledge Definitely Does
Sean Hannity just exposed the fake polls of the colluding main stream media (MSM) and his proof is beyond dispute...
Would electing Trump be good for the Peopl
8 Reasons why Californians should vote no on PROP 64
Message from Jeff Weaver
Socialist Equality Party (US) presidential candidate Jerry White issued this statement on the occasion of the 20th anniversary of Welfare Reform, signed by President Bill Clinton in 1996
Third parties force their supporters to go against their own wishes because of vote splitting due to the spoiler effect
Desperate times call for desperate measures, and I think this can help Bernie gain more support...
Julian Assange Is A Planetary Hero
10 out of 40,000 people have to disagree before something is censored on this subreddit.
How The First Liberal Supreme Court In A Generation Could Reshape America
Can we just quit Hillary-bashing and focus on moving forward?
The Political Process Isnt Rigged  It Has Much Bigger Problems
Am I the only one out here who agrees with you guys on nearly every issue, but thinks that the S4P base is all wrong on the process/theory of political change, and that Sanders was a terrible candidate?
Bernie Sanders may have officially sold out the political revolution, but I will not.
I left the Democratic party today and feel better about myself.
Paul Ryan would like to remind us: A democratic senate majority would put Bernie Sanders at the head of the Senate Budget Committee
How the Political Revolution Failed Tim Canova
Will there be another Sanders?
How to participate in Dump Dem Day
Bernie Sanders Just Made Jill Stein The Most Powerful Woman In American Politics
I just donated $10 to Tim Canova! Match me!
Socialist Equality Party candidate Jerry White on the demise of Sanders' "political revolution"
Bernie: Build a Mass Socialist Party of the Working Class!
An actual political revolution idea.
Please consider changing the header banner
How Dictatorships Are Born
In a huge win for voting rights, federal appeals court blocks North Carolina's voter suppression law In a huge win for voting rights, federal appeals court blocks ... - Daily Kos www.dailykos.com/.../-In-a-huge-win-for-voting-rights-federal-appeals-cou... Daily Kos
Secure our Election from Fraud~and we can elect WHOEVER WE CHOOSE~THIS E...
If you want to fight the TPP, please follow Bernie's example and don't trust "union bosses"
The Progressive case for Gary Johnson
The political revolution is dead
Young People Discuss The Differences Between Democrats And Republicans
Who Plans the Economy? Imagining Fair and Free Trade
The Case For Not #Demexiting(in a closed primary state)
Bernie's Uninspiring Endorsement: The NYTimes is at it again.
Ross Perot 1992 - Balancing the Budget & Reforming Government
Democratic Party Platform - Roll Call Vote Tally
An idea for stealing back the election
Will the next nominee for Chief Justice of the United States be Loretta Lynch?
Don't Be a Sucker (1947) | U.S. War Department
What Should Bernie Do Next? Organize!
An idea I forgot to mention
How Does the Bernie Sanders Movement Create Real Revolution? Truth is A ...
Bernie Sanders Wants YOU to Run for Office or Volunteer
Sanders on WikiLeaks reveals: Look forward, not backward
Ben & Jerry's Ice Cream Co Formally Comes Out In Support of Black Lives Matter: "Choosing to be silent in the face of such injustice is not an option."
"When giant drug companies spend $70 million to stop single payer, it means that they are NERVOUS. Keep fighting!" - The Political Revolution
Cannot subscribe to Our Revolution without money??
Climate Victims: Every Second, One Person Is Displaced by Disaster
Time to take our protest message global and recruit the help of foreign media that will not censor like American MSM. Below you will see proof that 70% of what we post in America is being deleted. But here is what YOU can do...
We want a political revolution. First we must defeat fascism.
The Case for voting democrat for the white house this fall, regardless of the final nominee (please hear me out).
@BernieSanders | "Our job now is to see our progressive platform implemented by a Democratic Senate, a Democratic House and a Hillary Clinton presidency."
What to watch at the Libertarian town hall - CNN @ 9PM Tonight
Is this only for sanders supporters?
A simple way to show differences in opinions.
Wasserman Schultz poised to beat Sanders-backed challenger
Why would Obama sign the GMO non-labeling bill now?
Wasserman Schultz gets support from Broward mayors
To Vote Is To Exist
Can we create a Progressive Party?
Bernie Sanders supporters want to throw out most members of Congress by 2018. About that.
Name brainstorming for a new political party
What next?
Bernie Supporter Ben Jealous' Riveting Speech @ DNC 2016
Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine has emerged as the leading contender to join the Democratic ticket
What's the consensus here on Bernie's endorsement of Hillary? Good move? Bad move?
Please explain what you want to accomplish in Philly
Maybe we could utilize the "swarm intelligence" app UNU for policy decisions?
Tulsi Gabbard acknowledged Friday that Hillary Clinton is the presumptive Democratic nominee
Tell me if your interested in organizing to pursue a goal and which one your interested in.
Washington Post's 'Bernie Bros Harassing Female Reporters' Deceives With...
Elizabeth Warren Endorses Hillary Clinton (w/ Guest Host Tim Black)
Bernie Sanders' new group is already in turmoil: Key staffers quit amid lingering tensions from the Vermont senator's campaign.
Bernie Sanders Blocks Obamas FDA Nominee Over Big Pharma Ties
"VOTER SUPPRESSION already beginning: Our campaign is receiving multiple reports of voters being called and told not to vote in the August primary and to wait until November to cast their ballots."
Bernie Sanders' new group hits major trouble on the launchpad
The death of a movement
What does this subreddit think of Karl Marx?
Gay Marriage and Its Lessons - What other activists can learn from fight for gay marriage.
If Bernie's Progressive Supporters Want True Revolution, They Should Push For Parliamentary Democracy
Why I'm unsubscribing from r/politicalrevolution
Bernie Sanders Live Press Conference
The reality is, this sub should just continue to use /r/s4p after the 2016 election. No other sub is going to get the same traction /r/s4p got and has
Why DNCLeak isn't trending on Twitter
Here is a painting I did of Bernie
Bernie Sanders says he won't endorse Hillary Clinton.
BREAKING: Bernie Sanders endorsed candidate Pramila jayapal is projected winner of the Washington CD7 Primary!
Bernie Sanders is the most-liked politician in the United States. What does that mean for the future of left politics here?
"When working people don't have disposable income, when they're not out buying goods and products, we are not creating the jobs that we need." -Bernie
New Leak: Top DNC Official Wanted to Use Bernie Sanderss Religious Beliefs Against Him
Would It be Possible to have r/sandersforpresident redirect to r/berniesanders?
Do we need a long and drawn out political revolution or just a quick "American Spring" to rid ourselves of massive corruption, media manipulation, and bankster exploitation? Seriously by the time your revolution takes place Global Warning will have put 80 top cities underwater!
Bernie Sanders Responds To His "Betrayed" Supporters: "Not About The Lesser Of Two Evils"
Who is "greenascanbe" and why are simple reasonable posts I make getting deleted by it/him/her?
This Damning New Report Shows Just How Badly the U.S. Criminal Justice System Fails Trans People: "LGBT people of color are dramatically overrepresented in the criminal justice system."
Any love for Gary Johnson on this sub?
Show your friends and neighbors how they are being tricked by the MSM and fake social media shills to vote for lying criminal just so they can "Be part of history" by electing America's first woman president. This is a must read that exposes total deception of Mainstream Media.
Sit in for GUNS!? Really!?
Symbol of the revolution
WL - "Julian Assange's internet link has been intentionally severed by a state party. We have activated the appropriate contingency plans."
Are We Witnessing the Death of Representative Democracy?
Remember when Bernie was the only one to voice his unpopular (to politicians) opinions on war and income inequality?
Clinton-supplied weapons kill 5, including 2 Americans, in Jordan. Will victims of Hillary's gun violence have their day in court?
Vote to have Hillary and Trump asked about Basic Income on Oct 9. debate
What have they done to Bernie?
An open letter to the moderators of this sub regarding splitting the vote due to the spoiler effect
2nd Presidential Debate Mega Thread
Call on Bernie to attend NY Supreme Court trial for open primaries
Hillary Clinton Pledges Constitutional Amendment To Overturn Citizens United In Her First 30 Days
Same thing every other election...
Abolish the Police. Instead, Lets Have Full Social, Economic, and Political Equality.
How Bernie Sanders Delivered the Most Progressive Platform in Democratic Party History
What can we honestly do? Operation darkest before the dawn
Jill Stein Gets 4% and Bernie gets 18% in a 4 way with Trump HRC and Johnson
States Keep Weaseling Around Court Orders Blocking GOP Voting Restrictions
What do you think of Obama and Biden?
PSA? ActBlue takes 10% by default?
Vote to Disqualify Candidates Amendment
Jesse Williams takes racism to task in powerful BET Awards speech
Watch as House Democrats Continue House Sit-in Over Gun Violence
Watch Chris Murphy Gun Filibuster Live Stream Online
Relevant Progressive Crowdfunded Talkshow: Annoucement for The Rubin Report
How to fix Our Government
Lets talk about the disappearing money problem
has it started?
WE are the political revolution, NOT Bernie. Do not let today's endorsement get you down. This is a reminder of how crucial down-ballot tickets are and fight harder than ever!
Is anyone concerned with potential censorship here?
Am I the only one who is with Berine on supporting Hillary?
Sorry Bernie, Hillarys Shift on College Is Not Your Doing
HRC Supporter Looking To Contribute to Bernie's Movement
An idea: answering "Gary Johnson" if you are ever polled about a three-way election between Clinton, Trump, Johnson to legitimize a debate with a third-party candidate
Democrats Already Saying Bernie Will Not Chair Senate Budget Committee #ItsATrap
We're thinking about tweaking the rules for this reason...
Donations to Jill Stein Explode Nearly 1000% Since Sanders' Endorsement of Clinton
A second Bush ... You got him ... Do you really want a second Clinton?
We Dont Need a New President  We Need a New System and a New Consciousness
Debbie Wasserman Schultz deserves to be re-elected
Barbara Boxer Backs California Attorney General to Fill U.S. Senate Seat
Vox: If The Clinton Email Scandal Has Taught Us Nothing Else, It's That Email Should Be Exempt From FOIA Requests
The America I Would Like To See
Is this revolution about positive change or hate?
I found the Tea Party of the Left
Philadelphia Soda Tax passes 13-4
Grayson for Senate | Share your comments on payday lenders
"What if your child went missing? What would you do then?" 10,000 unaccompanied minors missing in Europe. Political pressure is needed.
Mnyman
Our Revolution Logo
Hillary Clinton endorses Debbie Wasserman Schultz
Brand New Congress (brandnewcongress.org) similar to jeffroby88's "Full Court Press"
Concerning bias in scientific polling
Let us play the game and work to twist the odds to be in our favor
Where to find the "Thank you, Bernie" shirts from DNC?
A series of silly questions from a guy whose angry and wants to start change
Reality and Revolution: Securing Progressive Commitments & Advancing the Agenda
Bernie's Endorsement Speech Made Hillary Clinton Seem Like Something She...
Some of the "revolutionary" bills I'd like to see in my lifetime
Rep. Ellison: Why is the Democratic Party Afraid to Mention the Israeli Occupation in Platform?
For anyone wondering what to do now, this might help...
Canova and Teachout are a good start
Information for Joint Bernie and Hillary Rally in NH on Tuesday. Xpost from /r/PoliticalRevolutionNH/
If money is just like alchemy, creating something out of thin air, can't we just make our own?
We need a simple strategy to show strength and discipline. Here's mine ...
The Democratic Republican Party--A Vehicle for the Political Revolution
Obama On NRA's Control Of America's Government
I didn't realize this was /r/SteinforPresident...
Seriously let's do sit down and make a progressive party
'BernieCare' Can Save ObamaCare: "Sanders, who is more of a highly skilled political and legislative tactician than pundits understand, has responded to the Aetna withdrawal from many healthcare exchanges by publicly announcing he will wage an all-out campaign to enact the public option."
@BernieSanders | "We must ensure that progress does not end on the platform's pages, but becomes reality. The fight is just beginning."
Thoughts about the Future of the Political Revolution?
From Democracy to Freedom (Why voting would be laughable even if it were fair)
For those of you who can't bring yourself to vote for Clinton...are there any concessions the Democratic Party could make to earn your vote? If so, what are they? Bernie as VP? Medicare-for-all? Federal decriminalization of marijuana?
Bernie Won.
There is an active movement against Pro-Bernie/Anti-Hillary/Political Revolution talk on many parts of the internet. What can be done?
Tim Canova petition: "Stop Donald Trump! In this election, we cannot allow the politics of hate to consume our country. Not at a time when we need action on the issues that matter to working Americans."
Petition Jerry Brown to clean up CA elections
Whats a Class Revolution Without Black People?
Sen. Elizabeth Warren on why we need to stop the TPP
The GOP Is a Dying Party. Thats Why Im Running Against Trump
Sanders promises to push his platform in Congress after Nov. 8 vote
This is a 4 person race.
UPS is a big fan of trade deals like TPP
https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4v9f8t/dont_give_up_tim_canovas_primary_against_dws_is/
Will TPP Help to Curb Chinas Rise?
We need Tulsi now!
What I feel needs to still happen in spite of what's going on at the convention...
Best Speech a U.S. President Ever Gave
How to let go of the world and love all the things Hillary can't change
Bernie's human. And that's awesome.
The Young People Will Save Us: My Experience Marching With Black Lives Matter in Chicago
Bernie may have endorsed Clinton for this election cycle, but he may also have announced the creation of a new political party
Maybe we should start boosting Bernie into the global arena?
YahNe Ndgo - We Are Right Now in That First Moment
Where Should Bernie Sanders Supporters Go Next?
Proposal for a new Primary Election Voting Method
If Sanders is a True Progressive, He Has One Winnable Option Left
Watch "The Real #Newsroom - #OurRevolution Ed. - 7.6.2016 - #MoreTrustedThanHillary" on YouTube
Top Sanders Adviser Praises Procedure For Drafting DNC Platform
Watch NY13 Candidates Debate!
Watch "The Real #Newsroom - Revolution Ed. - 6.21.2016 - #PaleBlueDot" on YouTube
In Our Opinion: 19th District race is a question of style
Tons of my friends who backed Bernie are now "voting with their feet" and going to Europe. I'm torn about this, but is it the most realistic move to live what Bernie was trying to create? (or at least how to accomplish it more practically back in the US)
With Islamophobia on Rise, Right-Wing Militias Threaten Communities in Kansas, Georgia
My plea to #DemExit and the disillusioned Bernie supporters
Why You Should Be a Socialist
What Happens When a Revolution Loses Its Leader?
I'm pissed
After the convention...
John Paul Comerford for WA State Treasurer
The Corporate Liberal in America
Last Week Tonight with John Oliver: Predatory Lending (HBO)
The Bernie Effect
Remember Lucy Flores is not part of the political revolution.
Stop preaching to the choir here and TAKE ACTION TODAY to convert voters. We still have time to STOP the coming election fraud and get Bernie into the White House - Focus on priorities - debate policies later please.
AP Source: Clinton, Sanders discussing endorsement event
The Weird Story Behind The Trump Campaigns $35,000 Payment To Draper Sterling
Unlikely allies: Sanders, Trump, and Ron Paul rail against NAFTA -
Jane Sanders on Twitter - #OurRevolution to rely on small donors, allow union/environmental/project support, zero to do w/HRC. Weaver heads excellent team!
Assange: "We have published proof that the election campaign of @BernieSanders was sabotaged in a corrupt manner."
Sanders among five senators asking Obama to order Dakota pipeline review
White House: Despite Opposition from Hillary Clinton and Democrats, TPP Is 'Good Policy'
Bernie endorsed some establishment candidates as part of a deal with the DNC.
vote for hillary and we will have a republican senate and congress for the next decade?
How Google Could Rig the 2016 Election
Genetically engineered crops are safe, review of studies finds: "...[H
Rate my proposed executive order
The time has come for a Bernie AMA
Democrats Could Put Indiana Senate Seat In Play In 2016  Especially If Evan Bayh Runs (Which he now is)
Economic Update: Local Groups, Social Change (Interesting commentary by socialist professor)
Who's coming to the convention and what do we do??
Eddie Glaude: I am not voting for Hillary Clinton, regardless of her endorsement by Bernie Sanders.
The Political Revolution on Twitter: "Bernie supporters want to run for office in: 51% of state house districts, 69% of state senate districts and, every district in the U.S."
Its Paul Ryan Versus Bernie Sanders, and Sanders Is Winning
Black Lives Matter Doesn't Need To Be PoliteIt Needs Us To Remember - The Establishment
Wikileaks - T Gabbard threatened, Ex-DNC Chair Debbie & current DNC Chair Donna Brazile working for Clinton since Jan'16
This sub seems like it has a lot of defensive Democrats in it
I'm a Bernie Supporter that's willing to move on, But the DNC scandal is too much for me to ignore.
Can anyone say flawed candidate Clinton? Crisis at the DNC >> DemExit keep the pressure.
Did you put your faith into Occupy Wall Street, Obama, or Sanders? If you want a revolution, you'll have to earn it!
Bernie Sanders Supporters Just Staged a Massive Walkout at the DNC
100 Philly trains conveniently have cracks found before DNC and are taken out of service.
Sanders subreddits are disappearing!
Canova: Ill concede that Debbie Wasserman Schultz is a corporate stooge. Were fighting for American democracy. This is a rigged system and everyone knows it.
Bernie Sanders' New Political Group Is Met by Staff Revolt
Socialist Alternative's Kshama Sawant: Bernie Sanders Abandons the Revolution
Presidential Race Mega Thread 9-10-2016
We must fight the KGB-style brainwashing that our government uses to manipulate voters.
Honest Question from a Hillary voter
The Democratic Party: Graveyard of Movements
President Obama endorses Teachout
By endorsing Hillary Clinton, Bernie undercuts his "revolution."
What Guccifer 2.0 Leak on DCCC Chairman Reveals
Anyone trashing Bernie today needs to wake up and respect the masterful chess move he just made.
According to WikiLeaks, a "state party" has cut Assange's internet connection
Greys Anatomy Star Isaiah Washington Urges All African-Americans To Boycott Work 'Grey's Anatomy' Star Isaiah Washington Urges All African-Americans To Boycott Work The protest against police brutality is set to take place on Sept. 26.
Tax all government and media officials at 90% for every dollar they make over the median income
Let us not forget who brought us all together: Donate to Bernie Sanders today!
Susan Sarandon: DNC email leak confirms Sanders backers' fears weren't "paranoia"
Bernies big lesson: Socialists should occupy the Democratic Party, not abandon it
Bernie Sanders' Organization 'Our Revolution' to Disclose Large DonorsMisses the Point
American opinions
Womens Boat To Gaza Prepares A New Challenge To Israels Blockade
Who do we now support in FL district 23?
Fact-checking Deborah Ross' ad attacking Richard Burr
Bernie Sanders challenged over VT endorsement
Debbie Wasserman Schultz says attacks against her are garbage in first TV ad of primary campaign
A Palestinian rights platform was written by people assigned by Bernie Sanders. References to the platform were cut out by Clinton supporters, fearing retribution from billionaire mogul and Republican donor Sheldon Adelson
Third parties need viable downballot candidates before I will even consider a third party president.
Trade deals not always sunshine and roses
Three Koch-Linked Groups Fined For Breaking Disclosure Laws
The flip side of flip-flopping
Check Out My New Biweekly Podcast for the Modern American Progressive Movement! Let Me Know What You Think I Can Do To Spread the Good Word!
Locking Out non "Democrat" Constituents And Or Candidates Is Shortsighted.
Ethicists say voting with your heart, regardless of the consequences, is actually immoral: "...[I
Trump and Sanders Agree, Free Trade Can Be a Raw Deal
Our Progressive platform
A screw it. Let's take to the streets!
Our last best hope
Here's What Disappearing Middle Class Looks Like
Call or Donate or use Social Media FOR TEACHOUT! her opponent who takes money from GE, fracking, hedgefund faso wants to privatize social security!!!!http://www.zephyrteachoutforcongress.com/news
Sanders absolves Clinton on hacked emails, but other voices on the left are angry
Let's stop the shitposts and start a REAL Political Forest Fire that will expose all the CCC - Corruption, Censorship, & Collusion to 40 million sheep voters in 30 days - GUARANTEED. YOU C A N make a difference!
Who are your heroes of the Political Revolution thus far?
Baltimore City Council Sends $15 Minimum Wage Measure Back to Committee
An Invitation to Cross-Post to r/WayoftheBern
Bernie's Big Ideas About Transforming American Politics
The Point Everyone is Missing
Help Link TV Cover the Democratic National Convention
Want to help stop gun violence like we saw in Orlando? Figure out if your representatives are helping.
What do you guys think about Jacky Rosyn?
The Left, Politics, and the Democratic Party: The Functions of Parties & Movements
2 Valedictorians in Texas Declare Undocumented Status, and Outrage Ensues | NYT
great work on expanding the activation! a few 'art of war' or '5 circles' thoughts and questions:
Many voters abandoning both parties' nominees
The existential despair of Hillary Clinton vs. Donald Trump
Socialist Alternative now the largest revolutionary party in the US.
Its not just the DNC vs. Bernie, its the DNC vs. US
Jesse Williams' fiery BET Awards speech
So I just showed up to vote for Tim Canova with a group of friends from my district..
Hi Reddit-- Tim Canova here. Thanks for your support. We can win this, but it's a close race and we need your help. Please phone bank today and tomorrow, and we can win!
Presidential Race Mega Thread 8-2-2016
Alan Graysons rotten Senate primary campaign, in 8 cringe-worthy moments
Don't know how to vote? Use the Chomsky Rule!
Claiming That Bernie Sanders Just Sold Out, Or That The Political Movement He Started Is Over, Is Absurd
Presidential Race Mega Thread 8-23-2016
If you're a Bernie supporter who is skeptical of Clinton, there's one thing you need to ask yourself when debating the merits of voting for Clinton: "Do I believe Bernie when he says 'we cannot allow ourselves to be divided'?"
Us Democrats need to unite...
Jordan TYT: "I've confirmed @BernieSanders never responded to @Tim_Canova's outreach in final week pre-primary and has not reached out following"
Removing myself from Bernie mailing lists after todays endorsement. Will keep following the movement but with a critical eye.
Actress Shailene Woodley Reveals She Was Strip-Searched After Her Arrest Protesting Dakota Pipeline
Democrats Adopt Most Progressive Platform in Party History
Happy Birthday Bernie!
It is not bad or harmful for the federal government to provide assistance to those in need. We need more compassion in government, not less. @SenSanders
Welcome To /r/Political_Revolution! Newcomers please read ; Q&A Thread
The Recovery Finally Reached Most Americans In 2015
Millions of People Yearning for a "Brexit" from Destructive Trade Deals
Donate to Our Revolution!
Just a reminder what we're fighting against.
Why you shouldn't vote Independent [Discussion
The Best Has Yet To Come
Where did Bernie get the most votes?
REQUEST: a "left remembers" design
Bernie Sanders' brother Larry selected by Green Party to contest David Cameron's former seat
A Bernie delegate gets creative and tells the truth with her "love trumps hate" DNC freebie sign
We have money to fight climate change. It's just that we're spending it on defense | "Were spending 28 times as much on military security than climate security."
Mike Calls the DNC to Say Goodbye | #DumpDemsDay
Bernie Sanders will launch organizations to spread progressive message
The revolution must deepen and radicalize for it to stay alive.
Suspicious of Our Revolution
Pro-trade Democrats call Labors bluff
Inside the Walkout That Ended Bernie Sanders's Revolution
The Gary Johnson Debate Lawsuit Has Almost Run out of Time. Federal judge still sitting on a motion to dismiss as time runs out
me_irl
I Am Outraged
Abby Martin and Paul Jay - Should Sanders Run for a Third Party?
Bathroom Talk: An in depth look at HB 2
[Meta
Do NOT give in to "Party Unity" next week
/r/Political_Revolution is looking for more moderators -- details and application link within
Anonymous Launches Campaign to End Media Blackout of Jill Stein
BLM evolving to M4BL
Why is Bernie campaigning for Katie McGinty but not Tim Canova?
How to stop President from forfeiting rights of citizens to obtain legal remedy in the courts against Saudi government for 911 liability? This seems totally illegal IMO!
possibility of DNC infiltrate protest movements
TYT on the TPP
Opinion- Why Bernie Sanders was the real victor in 2016
@BernieSanders: Will Trump mention climate change, the great environmental crisis of our time? Been waiting for a year now. #RNCwithBernie
Elizabeth Warren ACS Convention FULL Speech SLAMS Republicans and Trump. Big Time.
State Legislatures and Reform
Ballot Access
How do you launch a revolution when election fraud is happening?
CNN Tells Viewers It's Illegal For Them To Read Wikileaks Document Dumps. CNN Is Wrong
/r/Political_Revolution hits 30K subscribers
Finding local elections
25/10/2016 - our democracy has been hacked
Our Revolution swag?
A Progressive Way to End Corporate Taxes
Wasserman Schultz prevails, beats back primary challenge from Tim Canova (Voter Interviews)
The Permanence of Black Lives Matter
Online Progressive Directory Looking for Suggestions on Featured Platforms, Politicians, Organizations and Websites
Bernie will write the next budget
Sen. Bernie Sanders full speech at the 2016 Democratic National Convention
[AMA Request
No Society Wants You To Be Free.
Who among the superdelegates will take up and wield the long forgotten initiative to instruct legislators? If they can't give us Sanders, demand at least referenda on the constitutional amendments we need to survive as a free people.
Scott Walker's gubernatorial campaign short on cash
Should the Democratic Party Be Added to the Endangered-Species List?
Victories In The Platform
Trump: I 'very much agree' with Sanders on trade | TheHill
Election Fraud Discussion: Interview with Lianda Ludwig, Activist, Co-Founder Audit AZ
Letter: Clinton must move left; "Sanders is, by far, stronger with independents and it's precisely because of the progressive agenda he's laid out. Clinton can move left and attract those independents, or she can stay the course and turn this race into a nail-biter without them."
New subreddit for Bernie endorsed Senator Jeff Merkley of Oregon  /r/Jeff_Merkley
The amendment that will be voted on Monday is practically the same one that was rejected after the San Bernardino attack last Dec 2015. This is how the senate will probably vote on Monday based on that vote, and ways on how you can reach out to your senator and ask them to vote Yea on the amendment.
Gene Sharp, and applying his writing to our work
Watch this! Bernie Sanders for Prop 61: "People are dying because they can't afford the medicine they need, just so these companies can make outrageous profits. Proposition 61 is a very, very important step forward."
Primary voting in 5 states today: KS, MO, MI, OH, WA. The revolution doesn't end with Bernie, go vote today!
#DNCWalkout
Jill Stein Interview With Fox Business News Panel
I would like to publicly thank Tulsi Gabbard for not endorsing Hillary Clinton.
Standing Up against NoDAPL will for the chand for wind, solar, hydro, biomass and new fuels! Save The Earth No DAPL https://www.reddit.com/r/NoDAPL/comments/52ac8g/dakota_access_pipeline_what_you_can_do/
Legalization ?
This is trending in Chicago for some reason.
Prescription Drugs: What's Wrong with Free Market Pricing?
Anyone know the what should be done in MA at the moment?
beverly hillbillies tonic for democrats & republicans
The Urgent Need for App-tivism xpost from /r/AprogressiveParty
Bernie Sanders Then & Now: A Fanfare for the Common Man
For My Fellow Sanders Supporters
How strong is our revolution?
What Happens To Bernie Sanders' Movement Now?
How big of a deal would a conservative SCOTUS appointment be?
Senator Bernie Sanders Addresses Wisconsin Delegation Breakfast
We must keep pressing forward inch by inch!
The Humanization Movement
Who are you planning on voting for?
In Opinion: Chances of survival for a Democratic Senate are slim
Top DNC official calls for shake-up in wake of email scandal
Democratic Rules Committee Passes Reform Commission to Cut Superdelegates
Polls don't count towards presidential debate coverage until Labor Day?
Down ticket voter turnout idea
Bill Clinton vs Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders
Wall Street Has Moved On From Brazil's Political Crisis
Daniel Sheehan: Advancing the Progressive Agenda
Watch "The Real #Newsroom - #OurRevolution Ed. - 7.8.2016 - #ReapWhatYouSow" on YouTube
Advocating an end to inequality: from Koch Industries
Massive March For Alton Sterling & Philando Castile in NYC
Tackling the Global Unemployment Crisis in the Interests of Peace
Political Survey - US Election 2016 Voting Methods: Comparing Comparing FPTP, RCV and Approval Voting
Watch "The Real #Newsroom - #OurRevolution Ed. - 7.5.2016 - #WhiteWashedDemocracy" on YouTube
How can we stop #nobillnobreak from becoming just a "publicity stunt"? Or is it too late?
The Real #Newsroom - Revolution Ed. - 7.4.2016 - #AmericaWasNeverGreat
Trust Vote Updated July 2, 2016
International House Negroes Defend European Union
TTIP will survive Brexit, EU commissioner says
Government Investment and Opportunity for All
March for Bernie!
Life After Bernie: Peoples Summit Searches for the Movements Political Future
Every Bernie supporter needs to hear this
Green Party - The Real Difference
Wasserman Schultz's broad support strongest in Pines (Detailed analysis; lessons for BNC, OR)
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 27, 2016
'Walking while trans' can be a death sentence in the U.S.
Some people here need to get their facts straight - Guiding Principles of Black Lives Matter
FOCUS: Progressives Don't Break Up Over Tactics
Why i think Bernie needs to run third party
Sanders surrogate blasts Elizabeth Warren: She doesnt get brownie points for slamming Trump
First they came for Assange (Yanis Varoufakis & Sreko Horvat)
Democrats Keep Party Rigged With Wasserman Schultz Victory
Bernie Sanders Our Revolution Stumbles Out of the Gate
Overselling A.D.H.D.: A New Book Exposes Big Pharmas Role
The Voter's Self Defense System
Bernie Sanders subreddits multi
Unite and fight? | International Socialist - On understanding Identity Politics
The case against voting Democrat to get "good" Supreme Court Nominees
Bernie helped us come to this point. Now the Revolution is in our hands.
Saul Alinsky: Brilliant, Epic Conversation on Revolution...A MUST SEE
Did you know we already have Facebook and Twitter accounts churning out good stuff? Follow/Like/Subscribe and spread the word beyond reddit!
Nobel Scientists Ask Greenpeace to Abandon Campaign Against Genetically Modified Crops (from @Truthdig)
PLAN for a Future to Believe In!
We need to speak in a language our lawmakers understand.
Fracking Tycoon Admits Democrats Better for Business Than GOP
Join the Fight for Open Debates!
Liberal Antiwar Activism is the Problem
3 polls: Clinton maintains advantage over Trump
Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders in talks for joint campaign appearance
This would allow for 3rd party candidates to be successful. Vote for it in Maine, and try to get it on the ballots in other states.
President or not, Sanders is already the leader of the USA.
Cornel West Endorses Jill Stein
Will Clinton VP Pick Be 'Pronounced Middle Finger' to Millions Who Voted for Bernie?
We Need an Equivalent to the BBC in the US
Bernie Sanders Wont Rule Out Future Presidential Run
Elizabeth Warren: "Supporters of the TPP want you to believe this deal is about America's role in setting the rules of international trade. But here's the problem, TPP isn't about helping American workers set the rules, it's about letting giant corporations rig the rules"
Donate to Bernie's new organization: Our Revolution!
There is a quiet revolution happening on a little known blockchain & it could break up lots of centralized power...
It is time for Another Political Revolution
Awesome BERNIECRAT Bruce Franks Jr. WINS Revote after opponent cheats!  /r/WayOfTheBern
I just watched Clinton Cash, this information has been around since 2015 with little media coverage. 11 Explosive Clinton Cash Facts Mainstream Media Confirm are Accurate.....how do we move forward if not with Bernie?
Motivational poster by the IWW(Union) on workers self-managment
Chris Hedges on May 3rd: "My fear is that at a certain moment, because [Sanders is within the democratic party
How Black Lives Matter made the leap from social media to social action: "'I guarantee you we are more tired of dealing with racism than you are talking about it.'"
NBC News PR on Twitter: ""It's horrific, it's unthinkable," says @BernieSanders on #OrlandoShooting this morning on @MeetThePress. #MTP #Orlando"
Kshama Sawant: Bernie Running As a Green "Would Be Nothing Short of a Political Earthquake"
DNC Panics As Jill Stein Fundraising Skyrockets 999% After Bernie Endorsed Hillary
Bernies Beef with Big Soda: Advertising from the American Beverage Association that implies that I oppose ballot items in San Francisco and Oakland that would place a tax on drinks with sugar are false. ... I have asked the American Beverage Association to stop using my name
NEW Jill Stein interview from this morning!
Democratic Platform Drafting Hearing - Day 2
The REAL vote rigging: Republicans make it harder for millions to vote in 2016 elections.
Video for socialist campaign: Vote Gloria La Riva 2016!
Presidential Race Mega Thread 8-14-2016
DNC Mega Thread - Day 3
Gary Johnson and Jill Stein sue to be part of Debates... But judge is sitting on the case.
TIL Helen Keller was a member of the Socialist Party of America and campaigned for Eugene V. Debs when he ran for president
Can We Just Have Posts on Down Ballot Candidates Ballots and Measures except for No DAPL and no TPP& BLM?
Ohio Secretary of State doing a Twitter town hall #AskSOSHusted
Grass Root Media Project and a Few Questions
Tattoo the ppm of carbon in the air in your birth year
Clean, Green, Class War: Bill McKibbens Shortsighted War on Climate Change
How Trump or Clinton Could Kill Pacific Trade Deal
Does "Our Revolution" have a subreddit?
Hello all.
Vowing to Fight On, Activists Honor Legacy of Ferguson's Mike Brown
I want to help but..
r/SandersForPresident is now Archived!
How do I get information about who is on the ballot in NH for the September primaries?
For Sanders Fans At The DNC
These Right Wing Fascists are Enemies of Our Revolution
DNC 2016: Bernie Sanders Syracuse delegates can't afford the convention
Again, can we get an AMA with Matt Rowe?? Running for Congress in VA CD 1.
What if the mega-rich just want rocket ships to escape the Earth they destroy? | Jess Zimmerman | Opinion (X-Post /r/latestagecapitalism)
Campaign Finance Reform | Marvin Nelson Interview (ND Candidate for Governor)
Sanders to join Clinton on campaign trail in show of party unity
The revolution will be computerized
I suggest we not use the "Betsy Ross Flag" and instead use the Pine Tree Flag
All That Glitters is Feardom: Whatever Happens, Dont Blame Jill Stein
Donald Trump Frees Us to Vote as We Wish
Watch "The Real #Newsroom - Bern Edition - 6.20.2016 - #GunTard - #PPLSummit" on YouTube
Is everyone aware of rule 7 of the community guidelines in this sub? Apparently you need to have ama's approved by mods. How is that democratic? Shouldn't all candidates be able to present their ideas to the sub?
Media CENSORSHIP and Hillary's Hackers are now our Public Enemy No. 1 and time is no 2 as the following proves beyond any doubt that huge efforts are being made to conceal the truth about the many frauds and crimes of the DNC and Hillary's Clinton Foundation.
I have had ENOUGH. The time for change is NOW (X-POST)
Dade - Election Results (Canova)
Sanders remarkable run: 9 moments to remember
It seems to me that what we need to figure out here is, "How do we effectively fight and bring down an Oligarchy?" I am open to suggestions.
Talk to your friends about voting
The 2nd Amendment
North Georgia United
Tim Canova's Primary is in THREE days! Help Tim out by phonebanking!
Small Change - Why the Revolution Will Not be Tweeted
VIDEO: Yale PhD economist explains current election and American financial failures that caused it (min :34)
Friends: I've been gone for awhile, but I'm back now. And I want you to help the state of New York put an end to Governor Cuomo's awful Nuclear Bailout. Can you share this with your NY friends?
What should Pro-Gun Progressives do?
The Bullying of Pramila Jayapal
9/11 Families Deserve Their Day In Court Against Saudi Arabia
(3/3) @OurRevolution: "EVERY day should be #WomensEqualityDay. These issues are way too important to ignore."
Gary Johnson or Jill Stein? Lets discuss.
The First Trans U.S. Senate Candidate Is Already Making History
A reminder to everyone wrestling with a 'lesser of two evils' decision...
Reddit Involved In Massive Cover-Up Of Clinton Cash, DNC Disaster, Wasserman Schultz And Wikileaks News - THOMAS DISHAW.COM
Cancel your Student Debt - Green Party Presidential Candidate Jill Stein
Misty Snow Wants to Make History As the First Transgender Woman Elected to the Senate
Elizabeth Warrens Power On The Rise
Katie McGinty on Twitter | "Katie and I believe we have got to end this disgrace in America where women are making 79 on the dollar for men." - Bernie Sanders
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 05, 2016
Presidential Race Mega Thread 9-2-2016
If the DNC truly wants to unify the party, Tulsi Gabbard should replace DWS as the new Party Chair (x-post /r/SandersForPresident)
Official Bernie and Hillary Joint Event in NH on Tuesday RSVP page. Come and support the revolution.
Who do I need to support in Oklahoma?
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: 'The Waltons are the wealthiest family in the USA but pay wages so low their workers are forced to taxpayer-funded programs like food stamps.'
My friend Paul Newell is running for New York State Assembly. He wants single-payer health care, more affordable housing, $15 minimum wage, and to tax the rich. Join us.
After 15-Hour Filibuster, Republicans to Allow Votes on Gun-Control Measures
Congressional GMO Voters Guide: Who Sold Out the Right to Know
Economic inequality is causing orders of magnitude more excess deaths today than climate change ever will
Disagreements between Chomsky and others over Lesser Evil Voting.
Bernie Sanders says to support third parties (1991)
'Hate Crime': Video Shows Truck Plowing Into Indigenous Rights Rally
Presidential Race Mega Thread : 7-30-2016
Dr. Jill Stein Interview With The Young Turks' Cenk Uygur
Breaking: Arrest Warrant Issued for Amy Goodman in North Dakota After Covering Pipeline Protest
Bernie Sanders's Book Is Coming Out In November, One Week After Election Day, And It Will Cost $27.
Black Men for Bernie continue its agenda; They also stressed that despite Hillary Clinton being the presumptive Democratic nominee for president, they do not support her or the party, as they are dissatisfied with both major political parties.
Wasserman Schultz troubles help produce fundraising bonanza for challenger Tim Canova
Jill Stein Speaks - Cincinnati 7/18/2106
Let's Debate! Should our energy be focused on local, state, or national policy & elections, or a combination?
MRW the DNC is already imploding and we still have more leaks on the way.
No Longer A Protest Vote: Why Im Genuinely Falling In Political Love With President Jill Stein
Attention Bernie Donors! Request To Be a Plaintiff In A Lawsuit Against the DNC!
Bernie Is Dangerous For Wall Street
Working class white men have lower incomes than they did in 1996  x-post /r/news
My brother keeps talking about the TPP. It has me scared.
Our Revolution Launch Event
Right-Wing Populism Is Prevailing in Left-Wing Strongholds Around the World
Calvin Sidle, Candidate for U.S. Congress in KY's 4th District will be holding an AMA at 2 PM ET! You can check him out at his website here.
In just a few days, Democracy for America is launching their new Political Revolution Night School training series - email I received from DFA
Bernie Sanders: Defection to Hillary is Based on Her Support of Israel & Billions in USA AID
RoseAnn DeMoro on Twitter: Want to know why the #DemPlatform wasn't progressive? Follow the money. http://bit.ly/29S7m3J
Inside Tim Canova's Bernie-Fueled Bid to Upset U.S. Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz
The poster we need now: 'Not her, us'
Why Is There Money in Politics? Marxist Political Theory Offers an Answer
Engaging others
2016 Puerto Rico Investment Summit: Alternate Plans for Puerto Rico Announced-Compare to Sanders Messaging and Voting Experiences in PR
Top Republicans Ask Justice Department to Investigate Clinton for Perjury
Bernie Sanders Has Bright Plans For Future
Brainstorm for a Progressive Aesthetic: What Names, Slogans, Colors, and Symbols should we embrace?
Jill Stein Interviewed on Counterpunch Radio
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 24, 2016
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 04, 2016
Presidential Race Mega Thread September 29, 2016
What do you think of Gary Johnson? Is this the right strategy for third party support?
Updates on DNC Class Action Fraud Lawsuit
Today marks four years of WikiLeaks editor Julian Assange's embassy asylum siege More: https://justice4assange.com/
Left Forum 2016 - What Next for the Movement Behind Bernie?
We can't let the movement be divided.
Let's write a "party" platform
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 01, 2016
Socialist Candidate: We can't have a political revolution and support imperialist war hawk Hillary Clinton at the same time
The Green Party Responds to Dan Savage, Says He's "Dead Wrong"
Coders & Techies -- Help Jill Stein & the Green Party at the new CodersForJill subreddit
More than 15,000 have signed Tim Canova's petition to have the FEC investigate DWS for illegal use of DNC resources against his campaign. HERE's THE PROBLEM: They need an additional $20,000 to cover the costs of filing this complaint. Stand with Tim and DONATE TODAY!
Presidential Race Mega Thread 8-6-2016
There is no glass ceiling except for those with privilege. The rest of us are no where near any ceiling to break. This is the struggle of the 99%
Optimistic Theory: Wikileaks holding out on Clinton Foundation emails to get the DNC to drop Clinton at the convention
The End of Liberalism: Crowdfunding for Fascists
Why this white pastor is not saying all lives matter
Green Groups Warn Deal to Lower Aviation Pollution is 'Weak Shell Game'
Black Lives Matter tactics prompt questions about true aims of social justice movement - Washington Times
Innocent woman forcibly stripped by male Ohio police officers and left nude in a jail cell for SIX HOURS.  x-post /r/TwoXChromosomes
GOTV Duluth Rally with Bernie Sanders!
Decoding the federal budget - The Boston Globe
Curt Schilling Is the Next Donald Trump, by Matt Taibbi | "I would like to be one of the people responsible for getting Elizabeth Warren out of politics," he said last week. "She's a nightmare."
How much is infinite potential worth?
Election Fraud Corruption! Guest: Greg Palast | Tim Black At Night Show
How can a 16 year old from NJ get involved with the political revolution/ politics?
Ready Or Not, the Black Movement Enters a New Stage
Done in our name: domestic issues are only part of what needs to change (US airstrike allegedly kills 56 civilians in northern Syria)
Secretary Of Labor Tom Perez On How To Fight For Social Change
We have a duty to be mature, civil, and coherent in forwarding our movement. Let's be the protagonist of the American story, NOT the antagonist.
We need a two-strike strategy
What political revolutions from the last 100 years inspire you?
The Political Revolution needs to join Represent.us  the best strategy to win back democracy
Happy Halloween! Guess what is SCARY? Not getting on the phone, using social media or donating Down Ballot Candidates or Measures! I am asking you to make 8 calls, or 8 tweets or donate 8 dollars. WE HAVE EIGHT DAYS LEFT!
Bitter Senate debate reflects tightening race between Rubio, Murphy
Here is what pual ruan sent to his followers on his email
Steps To VOTE As A TRUE REVOLUTIONARY!
Is 'Our Revolution' the Way To Build Transformative Politics?
Our Revolution should be a membership organisation!
I have a question/concern with Bernie's Progressive messaging
Free trade in moral hypocrisy
Concerned about electronic ballot box fraud? Direct Action proposed to counter it
"Who's running this thing?" and other questions about the command structure of distributed democratic campaigns [something of a letter
Rev. William Barber: Stand Up! Vote Together!
Bernie has left the democratic party and is independent again. Where will you go?
Stronger Together.
What I don't understand.
"This is how the World is."
Hillary wanted this man to be a Super Delegate! Someone disagreed.
NYT Is Badly Confused: President Obama Is Pushing Protectionism, Not Selling Globalization
Third Parties
How would a third party play in the election of 2020?
The Political Revolution Lives On
AMA: Fraud and collusion class-action suit against the DNC and its Chairperson Debbie Wasserman Schultz, on behalf of Democrats, DNC donors, and Bernie Sanders donors (the Wilding case)
What Can Europes Far Right Tell Us About Trumps Rise?
Senate Food Fight Erupts Over Sham GMO Labeling Bill
Why I Want Legislative Grid-Lock
A Discussion on Platform and Agenda
We've all seen the awesome video "Corruption is Legal in America", now from the same creators: "How To Fix America's Corrupt Political System" -- The American Anti-Corruption Act
Watch "The Real #Newsroom - Revolution Ed. - 6.23.2016 - #DemocraticSitIn" on YouTube
2016 Election Fraud & Voter Suppression (Nationwide) Lawsuit
Colin Crouch "Post-Democracy" - Interview
Why Jill Stein just might turn November upside down
If Tim Canova loses, I will finally leave the Democratic party. So Florida's 23rd Congressional District, please show me that there is hope for the Democrats.
Joe Biden: "I accept my church's position on abortion but i refuse to impose it on others."
The Trouble with the TPP, Day 3: Copyright Term Extension
Community Roundtable Results and Plan Moving Forward
Saving American Democracy Amendment
Wikileaks Mega Thread 4.0 - Podesta E-mails
Bernie Sanders launches Our Revolution with electoral targets  and a few critics left behind
Fight Capitalism, Join the Socialists
Ordinary people can defeat the Right, but doing so will require ending our subservience to the Democratic Party
Tim Canova Attacks DWS Over Her Support for Iran Deal
Stein vs. Johnson. Should we seek unity with anti-Trump conservatives?
Democrats were told their party was divided. They just proved that wrong.
911-Report-28pages.pdf [PDF
@BernieSanders: 'Pathetic. Billionaire Bully Trump wants to give huge tax breaks to the rich but opposes raising the federal minimum wage of $7.25.'
Discuss solutions to problems caused by billionaire class
Recommend podcasts and news shows still supporting Bernie
Bernie & BEST: a plan to help supercharge the (summer) elections of Bernie candidates running for office as part of the political revolution. [X-POST from r/SandersForPresident
Presidential Race Mega Thread 9-1-2016
Call to Action: We need to contacting the Commission on Presidential Debates and Judge Rosemary Collyer DAILY.
Democrats Pass Most Aggressive Climate Change Plan in Party History
DNC Hacked By Russian Hackers | Hillary and Trumped Hacked Too!
The Problems with First Past the Post Voting Explained
After Tricking Public Into Thinking He Stopped DAPL Obama Just Gave The Green Light To Dakota Access Pipeline Company To Build Two More Pipelines On Native Land
Why are we supporting Democrats again?
Brand New Congress on Twitter - Wouldnt it be great if you could refuse to pay your taxes until you decided your tax rate was fair?
Reminder: anti-Sanders Patrick Murphy is ruing against pro-Sanders Alan Grayson for the Democratic FL Sen nomination and told Florida he is an Accountant. He does not hold an accounting license and only worked as an Auditor for 8 months. #Patricklied
Strong work to the mod team. The PR front page has been much higher quality since getting rid of presidential politics.
Bad Blood: Sanders Helps Canova Raise Money As Clinton Hits The Stump For Wasserman Schultz
Presidential Race Mega Thread September 19, 2016
4 Suggestions to get Our Revolution back to where it started.
Presidential Race Mega Thread 8-8-2016
NY Times Reporter Says Theres NO WAY To Tell Whether Election Is Legit
Elections are Overrated (X-post S4P)
Leaked DNC Emails Confirm Democrats Rigged Primary, Reveal Extensive Media Collusion
Jill Stein Want's Free College For Students
Feel that ignoring what happened and "moving on" is defeatist? I know I do...
Colin Kaepernick receives support from America's military veterans
There's been quite some talk about the Green Party here, might help to check out /r/GreenParty if you're interested
Tim Canova's primary is up in NO LESS THAN FOUR DAYS!! This is one of the first tests of the Political Revolution! Can we unseat DWS?! Pick up the phone and make ten calls this weekend!
TPP Reduces Human Trafficking and Child Labor to Misdemeanors
"I wouldn't argue that the Green Party is The solution for Black America. The Green Party is a structure for progressive change." - Ajamu Baraka V-President, Green Party
Jill Stein: 'Bernie hearts are breaking'
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 06, 2016
August 26, 7:00 - 9:00 PM Meet our candidate for US Senate: Joe DeMare  /r/JoeDeMare
Chuck D: 'Black Lives Matter is a defensive movement'
Is this the future of Bernie's revolution?
Stop electing leaders from the same family clans! (a bit pointed) Discuss!
How You Can Help Force the Democratic Party to Get Serious About Democracy
How to protest Hillary and support Bernie at the same time, and advance our movement!
This is why we have to be careful
What happened to the phone banking counter on S4P and here? California needs your support.
Clarke criticizes money in politics during Congressional run
What is the difference between /r/GrassrootsSelect and /r/Political_Revolution?
@BernieSanders | We just passed 2300 events in every state across the country for the August 24 launch of Our Revolution!
The Nation: Hillary Was Nowhere to Be Seen in the Fight for 15  I Should Know
Idea: A new party, The Progressive Party
Oregon Police Reform Activist Launches Write-In Candidacy for Sheriff
Broward county - which judges are liberal? Also, can someone explain amendment 1 to me about the solar panel? No or yes ?
Phonebank Pizza Party?
Curt Schilling Planning Senate Run Against Elizabeth Warren
KING: Young football team has season canceled for taking a knee
Elizabeth Warren Describes "Roasting" Wells Fargo CEO At Senate Hearing
If You Don't Like Capitalism or State Socialism, What Do You Want?
List of Victorious Progressives/Berniecrats?
Our Revolution Launch Video!
Green left Interview: Rojava sets democratic, revolutionary example
A few questions
The Platforms Are A Window Into The Future Of The Parties
We have the strength to be the change this country needs
Hillary Clinton Embraces Ideas From Bernie Sanderss College Tuition Plan
Constitutional amendment to legalize Marijuana
Can we make waste and inefficiency in government a bigger priority? This can help bring more conservative minded people on board. Create a government we can start trusting if we want it to do so much.
I have a cunning plan ...
Introducing the new subreddit for running for office: /r/futurecandidates!
Black Educator Reveals Stunning Truth Behind Poverty, Gun Violence and Education in America - Atlanta Black Star
Ways to reach the local community
Endorsed Issues
I hereby request that the people hang their flags upside down!
The People's Summit  June 17-19  Chicago, IL
The Next Phase in Bernies Revolution Has Already Begun
How the Left Can Circumvent the Rise of the Alt-Right
Illinois and Chicago eye Wells Fargo business bans
Revolutionary Candidates in Baltimore
Richard D. Wolff: Poverty Has Always Accompanied Capitalism
Congressional Black Caucus vehemently opposes any changes to superdelegate system
10 races Democrats must win to take the House
Why Bao Nguyen 46th CD CA Is Incredible Ten Reasons Why You Should Call or Donate You Won't Believe the Last One
So spare me your "sky is falling," "I hate the party" or "things will never get better" rants. This can get better. We have to do the work. - Symone D. Sanders
DWS lied, insisting the DNC was neutral, while they worked against Sanders, plotting to smear him as an atheist and pressuring the media to air a pro-Clinton narrative. Corruption has no place in the DNC OR IN CONGRESS. Join me & donate $10 to Tim Canova to ensure DWS never returns to Congress!
Community Roundtable Regarding Allowed Topics and Possible Outcomes
Sanders new group exempt from campaign finance rules | VTDigger
Was Bernie the quiet canary in the coalmine re: election fraud?
DWS wins primary against Tim Canova
If you live in NY's 3'd and are a democrat, consider voting for Clark in the upcoming congressional primary. I'm not associated with the campaign but made up my mind to support him today. This is a heavy blue area, so the crowded primary is almost the genral electon.
Website to easily inform voters on how congress votes?
Jill Stein Wants You To Continue The Revolution With The Green Party
Sanders says leaked DNC emails don't change his support for Clinton
Bernie Sanders on Voting Third-Party: Then Vs. Now
Thoughts on an Organized Third-Party Voting Bloc
Form a New Progressives Party or continue the revolution through the Green Party?
So, We all voting Jill Stein now? Awesome
Debbie Wasserman Schultz May Have More Challenges Ahead (Green/November)
Presidential Race Mega Thread 8-31-2016
What the 1% expect
Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren Lead the Charge: Arrest Wells Fargo Executives Over Fraud Cases!
MESSAGE TO BERNIE SANDERS: You Won the Democratic Nomination. Take What's Rightfully Yours in Philly.
How Not to Resign from Our Revolution
PSA: Upvote and discuss good content on this subreddit!
Bernie Sanders suggests lowering the bar for third-party candidates to take part in presidential debates
Bernie Sanders Message Is All Over Dem Platform Draft
A vote for hillary is not "unity" its not a vote "against trump" its a vote against common decency and democracy itself.
If Donald Trump wins the presidency, would you support Tulsi Gabbard for a 2020 presidential bid?
I'm Chris Fedalei, grassroots challenger to Benghazi bully Trey Gowdy, AMA!
Community Discussion and Open Forum
Bernie Sanders Goes Off on Rising Prescription Drug Prices Senate Floor
WTF?! Bill Clinton Angry That Young People Don't Like Hillary: Says Millennials Are To Blame For Country's Problems
Dear .@BernieSanders base: Remember the message, even if we didn't get the top spot
We are not corrupt progressives. We are socialists. We care for the people, not for the corporations!
Tim Canova's campaign claimed to be the victim of a cyber attack in the latest email.
Donna Brazile Fired From CNN [5:31-7:32 Only
Yahoo let the NSA read your email before you even opened it. Yahoo was just revealed to be the very first US internet company to build a program, at the request of US Intelligence Services, to search every single incoming message of every single user in real time.  x-post /r/technology
Coalition forms to fight NY nuclear bailout
Neil Young Releases Indian Givers NoDAPL Video
Why isn't Sanders campaigning for Tim Canova?
Unifying the Subs
'Thank You, Bernie': a video thank you message to the Senator and his millions of supporters
Can we shift the focus from the presidential election to local and state elections?
We need to break the two party system... right after the election, there's a lot at stake.
How is Jill Stein qualified to be President?
When did this sub get limited to only U.S. politics?
The $15 Minimum Wage Is Dangerous | Jacobin
Help with ground-up level on involvement from the local level upwards
Do we have a running list of progressive politicians?
We Still Have to Fight the TPP
Im member 185!
xpost, [AMA Request
CFP on Twitter | TODAY's phonebanking OPPORTUNITY! https://go.ourrevolution.com/page/content/phonebank/  @saraniccoli, @ColoradoCareYES, Melvin Willis & Ben Choi, #Yeson61, #yesOn59
Will A World In Turmoil Actually Lead To World Peace?
Shuttered School Used In Iowa Senate Republicans' Ads - Iowa Starting Line
Option #3: In blustery Senate primary, underdog Pam Keith fights to be seen; "...[I
The Political Revolution Continues: Live Now.
Bernie Sanders merchandise
FOCUS: The Last Hurrah for Corporate Democrats
Which Presidential Candidate Would Be More Favorable For Building an Independent Movement?
Our Revolution faq
Would expanding the Earned Income Tax Credit to act as a negative income tax for the lower 85% be as retroactive of a progressive income tax as a wealth tax but easier to implement politically because it is incremental?
Obama still hopes to save TPP trade deal from rising political quicksand
If you were rewriting the Constitution, what would you include? What changes would you make?
How to best fight for requiring employers to offer 2 weeks paid vacation for all workers?
Quick Note On Seattle Minimum Wage Study
Did anyone else receive a call about a survey regarding Debbie Wasserman Schultz and Tim Canova?
The Coming Student Debt Superstorm
Why Hope Has Power in This Gut-Wrenching Election Year (Please read if you are feeling down)
Fear Doesnt Work On Me
Hello the rest of you SFPers!
If Ted Cruz can disavow support for Donald Trump, why can't Bernie Sanders do that to Hillary Clinton?
Guys, just a reminder that political revolutions have to start somewhere!
How To Transform The Economy: A Primer
Not Feeling the Bern: Who's Fault is That?
Bernie Sanders on Brexit: urgent lessons for the Democrats
Can / should the political revolution include the "upper middle class" (now around 30% of the country)?
Bernie Sanders Endorses the Candidate of Wall Street and Corporate Power, Hillary Clinton
The Democratic Platform Just Became Less Liberal
Democratic National Convention Protests are NON-VIOLENT; Peaceful Strate...
Now this is what the Sanders political revolution looks like!
Democracy 101 - Effective Protest
Poll: Hillary 2016 | MSNBC
Clinton Is Done, Heres Where Bernies Movement Goes Now
Single payer healthcare: Pluses, minuses, and what it means for you; "...[T
Draft of Democrats' Policy Positions Reflects Sanders' Influence - AP
How To Fix America's Presidential Debates
Proposal for a Gun Control Letter-Writing Campaign
Bernie Sanders is a democratic socialist, but what does that term mean?
Presidential Race Mega Thread 8-28-2016
Wild thought: what if Bernie endorsed Jill Stein in order to force the DNC to adopt ranked choice voting?
Democratic Party or new Party? The discussion...
We need a Right to Vote Amendment -Fairvote
Shaun King's recent thoughts are relevant to the political revolution
Uber/Lyft to replace public transportation
I finally finished organizing and posting my images of the 2016 DNC. Hope my perspective as a delegate provides some vantage points the mainstream media didn't provide.
This new grassroots subreddit looking to end the First Past the Post voting system! If you believe third parties and progressives deserve proper representation then join us! - /r/EndFPTP
Leaked memo: Sanders team wanted use of private jet in exchange for backing Clinton
Our movement understands that what we don't need is Trump's huge tax breaks for millionaires. #RNCwithBernie
Sanders Delegate claims that DNC Rules Committee threatened to shut Bernie out from the convention if he didn't endorse Hillary. Bernie still did not concede.
(DISCORD SERVER) Long time lurker, finally doing something to help! (x-post /r/sandersforpresident)
Feudalism Then & Now
Bernie wont win, but we will--"The change we need wont come on Election Day. It was never going to. It will only happen if we organize, at a much deeper level than a campaign for one presidential candidate."
Leaked Memo Told Dems: Dont Offer Support For Black Lives Matter Policy Positions
Cornel West: Hillary Presidency 'Could Lead to World War III'
The Democratic Plot to Privatize Social Security
The Government plans on selling public lands for Oil and Gas in Ohio. Help us #KeepWayneWild
Should we have only one political party
Court Rules CFPB's Structure Is Unconstitutional
If Trump's sexual assault brags have doomed him (polls will show in coming days/weeks), political attention for things other than the presidential election becomes possible. So, what can we do to prepare for that? Where can we draw political attention to most support a political revolution?
Josh Fox wants you to watch Gasland. Watch it on The Ohio Revolution.
Summary Results - Election Night Reporting - Broward County, FL (Canova)
CONNECTICUT PRIMARY = THIS TUESDAY, August 9 Let's GOTV for our great BERNIECRATS! (list+info)
WISCONSIN PRIMARY = THIS TUESDAY, August 9 Let's GOTV for our great BERNIECRATS! (list+info)
The TPP and Globalization: an 18th century idea from the British East India Company which brought you southern US slavery, London child labor thread mills, no salt India and the Chinese opium wars and made Q...
How Much Do Shady Financial Practices Cost You, Exactly?
I posted this a few months ago in r/sandersforpresident, but got deleted. Hope it's ok here, because it sums up how I feel right now.
Bernie Sanders' Former Staffer: "No One Stole the Election From Us"
/r/socialism collective AMA on /r/Kossacks_for_Sanders
The Appearance and the Reality of Quid Pro Quo Corruption: An Empirical Investigation
Republicans Want To Make America Work Again? That Would Be Real Change
John Devito is a Berniecrat Running for New York State Senate in the 3rd District and is doing an AMA Tomorrow at 1PM
"JUST IN: Rep. @JustinBamberg is representing #AltonSterling's family. He's working w/ attorney Chris Stewart of ATL."
Protestors: Reach Out to Police
Regarding Clinton.
Leftists, angered by Brexit, march in London
The Insanity of NOT Being #StillSanders
Make no mistake about it, we KICKED the DNCs ASS! Brothers and sisters, we should be celebrating our victory! Change the narrative, and let's change it now! (x-post /r/S4P)
The Democratic Socialist From Brooklyn Who Could Still Win in 2016
#BREAKING: @GovernorVA says he'll individually sign the 13K orders for ex-felons who registered to vote, then others
Bothwell leaves Democrats over Clinton
Illinois Governor Vetoes Automatic Voter Registration, Bernie Sanders Calls For State Lawmakers To Override
The Triumph of Imperialist Feminism: Hillary vs the Immense Revolution
Vote Theft is Wage Theft! Minneapolis City Council Blocks $15
Top 10 Reasons To Continue Donations To Bernie Sanders
BREAKING NEWS RE: CA VOTE:
Banks, Food, and Telecom: Break Them Up
Dr. Jill Stein Responds to Anti-Vax Smears
Cost of U.S. healthcare now 800% higher per person than it was in 1960, even when adjusted for inflation - This year alone, Americans will spend nearly $2.8 trillion on healthcare. By 2019, it is estimated that Americans will spend $4.5 trillion on such care.
How Bernie Sanders Saved My Life
Fox News investigates nation-wide voter fraud
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 13, 2016
Vote Dr. Margaret Flowers (Green Party) for US Senator (Maryland) this November!
The Time for Third Parties is Now!
DNC insiders detail months of escalating dysfunction
The Trouble with the TPP, Day 4: Copyright Notice and Takedown Rules
Small-Donor Contributions Can't Compete With Those Allowed by Citizens United
Race for Senate Control on a 'Razor's Edge'
UN calls on big pharma to reduce cost of life-saving medicines | Global development
Lets get to work: Review the 4 major party platforms and discuss what you like, dislike or hate about them.  /r/AprogressiveParty
The boomers are committing Filicide. They are killing their children's futures.
Does anyone here want to take part in a Fireside Chat with me? I want to ensure that everyone has a chance to voice their concerns and have an equal voice.
Starting a party for the 99%
DISCUSS: What are your ideas for this movement?
Why capitalism causes oppression
An open letter to Bernie Sanders supporters
What do we stand for? The 12 point platform
"You're naive for not accepting a rigged system!"
Hillary Campaign Plans to Shush Berniacs During Vote
As a recently banned member of r/sandersforpresident I'd like to talk meta for this new sub if I may have a moment to be heard.
Presidential Race Mega Thread : 7-31-2016
Green Party Moves Towards Declaring Itself Eco-Socialist
'Now, it's time for bust': Jill Stein ramps up courting of furious Sanders supporters in Philly
Obama, former health official tout public option to replace failing Obamacare
Bill Clinton Attacks Obamacare
It's easy to get distracted by gossip and conflict. It's harder to stay focused for eleven more weeks. Our success depends on our focus.
Presidential Race Mega Thread 8-19-2016
The Dream is Over: Bye, Bye Bernie
MUST READ: CLIFF ARNEBECK'S LETTER TO LORETTA LYNCH (Election Fraud & Many Other IMPORTANT Issues!)
Sanders among five senators asking Obama to order Dakota pipeline review
Call on Bernie to attend NY Supreme Court trial for open primaries
Bernie Sanders is the most-liked politician in the United States. What does that mean for the future of left politics here?
Sanders promises to push his platform in Congress after Nov. 8 vote
Bernie Sanders: Obama Administration Should Kill The AT&T-Time Warner Deal: Higher Prices & Fewer Choices
Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren Lead the Charge: Arrest Wells Fargo Executives Over Fraud Cases!
Bernie Sanders on Twitter "Election Day should be a national holiday so that everyone has the opportunity to vote."
Bernies Beef with Big Soda: Advertising from the American Beverage Association that implies that I oppose ballot items in San Francisco and Oakland that would place a tax on drinks with sugar are false. ... I have asked the American Beverage Association to stop using my name
Its Paul Ryan Versus Bernie Sanders, and Sanders Is Winning
Vote to have Hillary and Trump asked about Basic Income on Oct 9. debate
Wikileaks - T Gabbard threatened, Ex-DNC Chair Debbie & current DNC Chair Donna Brazile working for Clinton since Jan'16
Actress Shailene Woodley Reveals She Was Strip-Searched After Her Arrest Protesting Dakota Pipeline
Bernie Sanders For Senate Budget Committee Chairman!
We Still Have to Fight the TPP
'Get the Insurance Companies the Hell Out' of Healthcare System
Breaking: "Riot" Charges Against Amy Goodman Dismissed in Press Freedom Victory
Bernie Sanders on Twitter | I know this is a radical idea, but we have to inject morality into our political process.
Bernie Sanders: "If this election has taught us anything, it's that the American people are sick and tired of the economic, political and media status quo."
 Amy Goodman Is Facing Prison for Reporting on the Dakota Access Pipeline. That Should Scare Us All.
Big pharma is spending big to keep CA voters from passing a first-in-nation law meant to cut prescription drugs' cost
We have money to fight climate change. It's just that we're spending it on defense | "Were spending 28 times as much on military security than climate security."
Warren Calls For Obama To Fire SEC Chairwoman | "Sen. Elizabeth Warren hit out at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Chair Mary Jo White for her failure to develop new rules that would require corporations to disclose their political contributions."
Bernie Sanders Wades Into Oregon Politics, Endorses Measure 97 . News
President Obama endorses Teachout
WL - "Julian Assange's internet link has been intentionally severed by a state party. We have activated the appropriate contingency plans."
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: 'Burning the oil transported through the Dakota Access Pipeline would produce carbon emissions equivalent to 21 million cars.'
Reminder: Ranked Choice Voting (RCV) is on the Maine ballot this year. It has majority support in polls -- but make sure you get the word out to any Maine residents you know! And consider supporting FairVote.org!
Senate Dems to DOJ: Don't Let Wells Fargo Executives Off the Hook
People For Bernie on Twitter | It's going down on Alcatraz. This #IndigenousPeoplesDay, we honor the struggle of Native People and join their cause against #DAPL. #NoDAPL
Bernie Sanders Told Supporters To Run For Office  And This Wichitan Is
Sign the petition!! Tell President Obama: Stop the Dakota Access oil pipeline. #NoDAPL
Ben & Jerry's Ice Cream Co Formally Comes Out In Support of Black Lives Matter: "Choosing to be silent in the face of such injustice is not an option."
Tulsi Gabbard petition | Demand Congress act now to criminally investigate and break up Wells Fargo
Obama endorses Zephyr Teachout in NY-19 race
Bernie Sanders Is Running a Shadow Campaign
CNN severs ties with Donna Brazile
TIL in 2002, Republican Consultant & Pollster, Frank Luntz wrote a memo to the Bush Administration stating "The scientific debate is closing ... but not yet closed" and they should reframe from using the term "global warming", instead use "climate change" as "climate change" sounds less severe
Our Revolution now has a calling schedule up for candidates like Zephyr Teachout (NY), Gary Kroeger (IO), Pramila Jayapal (WA), and even for propositions like ColoradoCare!! Change can only take place from the bottom-up; help us shape the future of America by making ten calls today!!
Bernie Sanders taps his donor network to raise nearly $2 million in two days for House, Senate contenders
The Debates Are Over, and No One Asked About Climate Change
@BernieSanders: Nice majority you got there @SpeakerRyan. Be a shame if someone flipped it. #ThanksPaul
Bernie Sanders: "We Raised $2.4 Million to Take Back Congress. #ThanksPaul" <--- Join the Social Media Tweetstorm RIGHT NOW!
Message from Bernie | I hear you want me to have a gavel
From Black Lives Matter to the Fight for $15: Why Americans Are in Revolt
Native Americans protest outside CNN demanding they stop ignoring Standing Rock
Michael Whitney on Twitter "In less than 48 hours, supporters of @BernieSanders raised $1,774,021 for 13 House and Senate candidates with 334,769 contributions" !!!
Bernie Sanders on Twitter | Paul Ryan said if Republicans lose the Senate, a guy named Bernie Sanders becomes Budget Committee Chair. Sounds like a plan! #ThanksPaul
Bernie Sanders tweet sends shares of Ariad Pharmaceuticals down 11%
Bernie Sanders endorses his brother in race to replace David Cameron
Sanders Calls on President to Intervene in Dakota Access Pipeline Dispute
Big Pharma Breaks The Bank To Kill Measure Aiming To Lower Drug Prices
Wikileaks Mega Thread - Podesta E-mails
Bernie Sanders on Twitter | When the Founding Fathers wrote the Constitution, Im pretty sure they werent thinking Lets make sure billionaires can buy elections.
Survey: Americans want paid family leave, and they support social programs for families
Wells Fargo ignored employee petition protesting ethics: suit
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "Universal health care is a reality in dozens of countries around the world. It really is not a radical idea for the U.S. to do the same."
Teachout is Tied in Sept 28th Poll!!!! Call please! Or Donate $ 19 for an Ad!
Let's donate to @TulsiGabbard as a thank you for her bravery and convictions.
Bernie Sanders wants to know why this cancer drug costs nearly $200,000 a year
Donna Braziles Deception Is a Symbol For the Big Media Lie
North Dakota Is Starting To Look Like A War Zone And Yet Theres No Mention From The Federal Government Nor Hillary/Trump
Sanders Announces Bill to Close Tax Loopholes Used by Trump
The Young Turks interviews founders of The Climate Mobilization about building mass political movement for WWII-scale national effort against the climate emergency, for net zero emissions and 100% clean energy
Bernie Sanders: Reject the AT&T-Time Warner Merger
Clintonites, the Liberal Elite and the Democratic Party are Ideologically and Politically Compromised by the Ruling Class. No Honeymoon Period After November 8th.
Thank you Bernie Sanders.
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "Today, a few giant media conglomerates control much of what Americans see, hear and read. We need more diverse media ownership, not less."
How Democrats Killed Their Populist Soul | In the 1970s, a new wave of post-Watergate liberals stopped fighting monopoly power. The result is an increasingly dangerous political system.
I have been to all 165 towns in the 19th CD, and everywhere I go, I hear the same thing: let's get Congress working again, for the PEOPLE.
U.S. Court of Appeals Rules against Standing Rock Tribe in Dakota Access Pipeline Case
Super PACs are pouring MILLIONS of dollars to stop Zephyr Teachout in NY-19... Recent polls are showing that the race is neck and neck!!! Faso and his wealthy donors are scared; and they should be, but that doesn't mean that we should let up now!!! KEEP FIGHTING!
@SenSanders: "In 1965, ratio of CEO pay to average worker pay was 20:1. In 2014, it was 303:1. Thats just incomprehensible to me."
A million Ohio voters didnt get absentee ballot mailing
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "Apparently for many in the top 1%, owning and controlling our economy is not enough. They also want to own and control the government."
Pharma Threatens Vets in CA Prop 61 No Ads | "In other words, No Prop 61 is saying that the measure will hurt veterans because the pharmaceutical industry  in all its greed  will react by raising prices on veterans and refusing to honor some of the VAs discounts."
Teachout up 44-41 in new poll, 15% of voters still undecided
Bernie Sanders to campaign in Boulder for Amendment 69, the statewide universal healthcare proposal
Police arrest 117 in crackdown on North Dakota pipeline protesters
How & Why Other Countries Have Ended the 2-Party System
Amy Goodman Broadcasts from North Dakota Across from Court Where She Faces Riot Charge Today
As Climate Warms, US Approves 117 Million Ton Coal Mine Expansion
Sheldon Adelson, who doesn't even live in MA, has donated $1 million to oppose legalization there. TODAY is the LAST day for MA residents to register to vote. It can be done online and it takes mere seconds. Get registered, fight back and vote yes! 2016 WILL be the political year of weed if we win.
Jane Sanders - Contact your representatives and the media to ask where they stand on #NoDAPL!
@BernieSanders: "I heard what @SpeakerRyan said: If the GOP loses the Senate, I'll be the Budget chairman. Sounds like a good idea."
Hes back...Bernie Sanders to rally in L.A., S.F. for drug measure
Zephyr Teachout on Twitter | Our campaign volunteers have knocked on 20,182 doors. We've got 50,000 more to reach in the next 3 1/2 weeks! Join: http://www.zephyrteachoutforcongress.com
'I Was Doing My Job': Climate Reporter Facing 45 Years Speaks Out
Zephyr Teachout is doing an AMA in /r/politics!
Nina Turner on Twitter | "Thanks for a great interview. More importantly, thanks for telling the stories of #DisappearingMiddleClass!"
Bernie Sanders to stump for California drug pricing law
Bernie Sanders on Twitter | Seniors and disabled veterans need more help than a few extra dollars in their monthly checks. We must expand Social Security.
Mark Ruffalo on Twitter | Okay everyone. Now let's GOTV on our down ticket folks who will make the biggest difference. Smash! Go @ZephyrTeachout
This is your LAST REMINDER, folks. There is WAY MORE than Trump & Clinton on the ballot. 9 states are voting on weed. A few are voting on raising the min. wage. CO is voting on single payer healthcare. Many registration deadlines begin NEXT WEEK. Get registered NOW. Then register 5 friends as well.
Our Revolution on Twitter | Voting shouldn't about choosing a "lesser of two evils." Ranked choice voting, like Maine's #Yeson5, gives power back to the voters.
Bernie Sanders on Twitter | Its time for Congress to stand up to the pharmaceutical industry. We need senators like @DeborahRossNC who will fight for working families.
Marijuana legalization is leading in every state where its on the ballot this November
Update: Dakota Access Pipeline Standoff Escalates
A Republican Super PAC has been following Zephyr Teachout around with cameras wherever she goes. Here's what they found.
Sen. Bernie Sanders to stump for Amendment 69 (ColoradoCare) in Boulder, Colorado on Monday (10/17)!
Money pours in for North Dakota pipeline protest
Tulsi Gabbard for Congress | SIGN THIS PETITION! Call on President Obama to end the counterproductive regime change war in Syria.
I'm Zephyr Teachout, Bernie-endorsed candidate for Congress in one of the tightest races in the country. AMA!  /r/politics
Pennsylvania Pipelines Bursts, Leaks 55,000 Gallons Of Gas Into One Of USA's Most Endangered Rivers
Sanders tweet causes drug company to lose $400M in a day
NH poll: Dem challenger pulls ahead of Ayotte
Bernie Sanders to Boulder residents: 'Stand tall and vote yes on Amendment 69' (ColoradoCare)
Hi r/Political_Revolution! I am Tom Wakely. A progressive Texan looking to unseat Lamar Smith (R) in TX's 21st Congressional District. AMA!
Make Sure You're Informed!! Our Revolution has a list of important Ballot Initiatives for All 50 States; Read up on your state *NOW* so when you get to the booth, you know what to vote for!! Ballot Items are how change is enacted or stopped; take charge of YOUR VOTE today!!
The fight for Universal Healthcare in Colorado needs your help! Calling for people to do phonebanking this weekend. Info inside.
Wikileaks Mega Thread 2.0 - Podesta E-mails
Tulsi Gabbard on Twitter: "Im proud to endorse @ZephyrTeachout. She will stand up when it counts."
Tim Canova's "Progress For All" Pac is pushing for open primaries, non partisan elections, election integrity, and more for Florida via 2018 ballot measures
New poll: Russ Feingold pulling away from challenger in WI Senate race, now up by 6 points.
Bernie Progressive Running Against Corporate Smear Machine In Ohio
My opponent Faso, along w/ his big donor Robert Mercer, is still Trump-putting party over principle & decency. #ny19
Sanders, Dem Senators Press Obama to Halt ND Pipeline
Robert Reich on FB: It's not just the presidential race we need to be thinking about. Democrats have a solid chance of taking back the Senate -- which is critically important.
Teachout claims lead five-point lead over Faso in new poll
The Billionaire Class is Terrified that Russ Feingold will Return to the Senate
Our Revolution on Twitter | Oscar Lopez Rivera has served 34 years in prison for his commitment to Puerto Rico's independence. President Obama, it's time to let him out.
ICYMI May 2015 - Bernie Sanders really matters: He doesn't have to win to build a progressive movement
Our Revolution on Twitter: Our Revolution stands with our board member Shailene Woodley following her arrest today at Standing Rock. #NoDAPL #IndigenousPeoplesDay
Bernie Sanders Trying to Kill AT&T's Purchase of Time Warner - [4:00
Poll Finds Young Americans More Open to Socialist Ideas
Bernie Sanders on Twitter | If we beat the drug industry in California, we are going to put them on the defensive and lower the cost of medication across this country.
Bernie Sanders on Twitter | Our job is to have the highest voter turnout in the world, not one of the lowest.
Guards Join with Inmates in the Nationwide Prison Strike!
Why Do We Fight For Zephyr Teachout? Because She will Fight For District 19 NY! We Will All Benefit! Ten Reasons:
Authorities Shut Down Roads &amp; Airspace Near Pipeline (read: No-Fly Zone)
Please share this 2 minute "Mini Movie" of an Upstate NY Republican family, Whose Land WAS Taken By Pipeline company is NOW VOTING FOR Zephyr Teachout
@BernieSanders | No laws prevent drug companies from doubling or tripling prices. So they just do it. We are going to change that.
Justice Department to Track Use of Force by Police Across U.S.
Bernie Sanders: Heres what Ill do the day after the election
Misty K Snow on Twitter | We are supposed to have a government of, by, and for the people; not a government of, by, and for the millionaires. #UTPol #Flipthesenate
TYT's Jimmy Dore: Democrats Are Restarting The Cold War To Hide From WikiLeaks
Senate Bill to Establish Ranked Voting for Public Offices in Indiana (SB277)
Bernie Sanders on Twitter | We won't survive if we continue to destroy nature. Until the tribes are consulted, all Dakota Access pipeline construction should be halted.
FAA Says North Dakota Cops Commited Felony by Shooting Down DAPL Protester Drones - Counter Current News
Ready to rumble? Proponents of Prop. 61 drug pricing measure challenge pharmaceutical companies to a debate
The Catholic Church Uses Tax-Exempt Funds To Stop Marijuana Legalization
National Nurses United Supports Colorado Single Payer Amendment 69
Friends: Bernie Sanders himself has a request for all of us. TODAY, at 1:00 PM ET, @BernieSanders will kick off a push to get a hashtag trending on Twitter. AND HE NEEDS OUR HELP. I assure you, this will be worth it.
How Comcast Muscled Its Way Out of Negative Political Ads | As if you needed another reason to hate Comcast
Sheriff's office says they are "taking steps to remove" water protectors at Standing Rock now! Text will be updated repeatedly, so refresh often. Please comment with new information.  /r/NoDAPL
Wall Street Braces for New Democratic Muscle in the Senate - A tougher regulatory environment pushed by Elizabeth Warren concerns big banks
Shailene Woodley: I Was Arrested Fighting Dakota Pipeline
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "The health care system isn't designed to keep us healthy, it's designed to make huuuge profits."
Thunderclap: The Revolution supports Zephyr | Please join our Thunderclap for Zephyr happening THIS FRIDAY!!! Zephyr's race in NY-19 is an extremely important and CLOSE race! She needs all the help she can get!!
Bernie Sanders to campaign for Jane Kim in SF
"The Police Killings No One Is Talking About": Native Americans Most Likely to be Killed by Cops
Privatization Disproportionately Hurts Poor Individuals and Families
I am so tired of hearing Bernie Sanders cannot be (X) because he is not a Democrat. Bernie Sanders is real democrat who runs as an Independent to vote slightly differently than the Corporate Cronies
In Place of Capitalism: The Case For Socialism
Bernie Sanders Is the Most Popular Politician in America
KING: Here is how we will boycott injustice and police brutality
Mark Ruffalo in Standing Rock; Leo DiCaprio, Jesse Jackson Head to Standing Rock
Hey Real Journalists, Are There Any Of You Left In There?
Our Revolution on Twitter | Voting shouldn't be about "the lesser of two evils." Let's make Maine the 1st state to adopt ranked-choice voting.
Bernie Sanders Is Trying to Be a Kingmaker in Key Congressional Races
If the 2008 Podesta emails are any indication, the next four years of public policy are being hashed out right now, behind closed doors. And if liberals want to have an impact on that process, waiting until after the election will be too late.
Wall Street Watching as U.S. High Court Tackles Insider Trading
Sheriff Joe Arpaio Is Trailing Badly In His Re-Election Bid
North Carolina slashed their early voting hours and now this is what the lines look like  /r/PoliticalRevolutionNC
Rebranding Bernie: The Sanders revolution will evolve into a sticky political movement (Jim Hightower)
Stop Saying The System Is Broken, Its This Way On Purpose | Commentary by Shaun King
"Exciting news from a little Birdie": Bernie Sanders endorses Oregon's Measure 97
Frustrated with your options in the election this year? NOW is the time to nominate candidates to run for Congress in 2018 as part of Brand New Congress
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "If you want to understand why we pay such high drug prices listen to this: Since 1998 the drug industry has spent $3 billion on lobbying."
If you live in Colorado, please consider registering to vote and voting 'Yes' on Amendment 69 (the Creation And Funding of Universal Healthcare 'ColoradoCare')
Nevada elections chief refuses to accommodate Native Americans who have to drive 200 miles to vote
Toxic Buffet: How the TPP Trades Away Seafood Safety | The Trans-Pacific Partnership would make it harder to inspect seafood imports, putting potentially unsafe seafood in our food system.
Vote YES on prop 206 ARIZONA Ballot to Raise Minimum Wage to Twelve dollars! People cannot live on 8.06 an hour.
Feingold lead down to 2 points! Don't get complacent!
Voter Registration Deadline (registration forms postmarked by this date and received within 3 days are accepted for regular registration) is Tuesday, Oct 11, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionMT
Wall Street Firms Make Money From Teachers' Pensions  And Fund Charter Schools Fight
Actress Shailene Woodley arrested at pipeline protest [with 27 other protectors blocking construction
Fight For 15 on Twitter | If you have been inspired, as we have, by the First Nations #NoDAPL resistance at #StandingRock stand with them now; bear witness.
Drug cops raid an 81-year-old woman's garden to take out single plant
The state of Washington has the option of passing the nation's first carbon tax (I-732) a policy that will reduce emissions and help the poor
Jerry Brown vetoes ranked choice voting in California.
Marijuana's Moment | As many as five states could approve its recreational use this November, potentially signaling a point of no return for legalized pot.
Sanders presses drug company to explain price hike for leukemia drug
Bernie Sanders: A yes vote on Proposition 61 will send a strong message to Big Pharma and Washington
Political Revolution on Twitter | We cannot allow corruption like this to continue. Corporations must be required to disclose their political contributions. #GetMoneyOut
It's Time to Stop America's Wars and Take Back Democracy
Sign the Petition: Drop Charges for Filmmaker Arrested at Pipeline Protest
"Russ Feingold holds a 12-point lead over Republican Ron Johnson."
Five Years After the Brooklyn Bridge Arrests, the Occupy Wall Street Worth Remembering
Sanders Announces $4.3 million to Vermont Nonprofit to Boost Job Training for Low-Income Seniors
Did Paul Ryan just hand Democrats the Senate?
Most people think the rich should pay more taxes
Fact check: Marijuana tax claim a puff of smoke in Prop 205 ad
We're the Yes on 97 team working for corporate accountability in Oregon  and big corporations like Comcast are trying to stop us. Ask us anything!
Yesterday we beat our call goal of 1,500 calls!! If you want to contribute to the call goal today, go to grassrootspb.com and make ten calls for the Revolution!
Wells Fargo CEO steps down in wake of sham accounts scandal
Breaking: ND Prosecutor Seeks "Riot" Charges Against Amy Goodman For Reporting On Pipeline Protest
'This Is My Act of Love': Climate Activists Shut Down All US-Canada Tar Sands Pipelines
Indigenous Peoples Day Sweeps Nation as Battles Intensify for Native American Rights
Pot Decriminalization Yields $9-million in Savings for Philadelphia
On Strip Searches and Press Freedom in North Dakota
Iceland, Where Bad Bankers Go to Jail, Finds Nine Guilty in Historic Case
Yes on Question 5: Ranked Choice Voting  /r/PoliticalRevolutionME
Teachout holds promise for new era in politics
AT&T Cheerleading Squad for Merger: Nearly 100 Lobbyists
Just donated $30 to Paul Clements, endorsed by Bernie. Let's swing this county by county.
A single Bernie Sanders tweet cost this pharma company $387 million
Zephyr Teachout on Twitter | Thank you @SenWarren for your great endorsement! I would love to work with you in Congress! #NY19.
Sue Minter on Twitter "ICYMI: Sue received the endorsement of @BernieSanders today!"
Arizona Marijuana Initiative releases new campaign ad in response to recent "No on Prop 205" ad
Tech privacy ally Feingold leads in Wisconsin Senate race
Help STOP the disastrous TPP by making special calls!! This Tuesday/Thursday Only!! You will be calling representatives to convince them NOT to vote for the TPP!! Details inside
WikiLeaks Exposes a Corporate Media as Out-Of-Touch As Politicians
TONIGHT: debate w/ Dr. Margaret Flowers, Green for US Senate in Maryland, on Real News Network
Bernie Sanders on Twitter | The Democratic platform is a very progressive document but no president will be able to implement it unless millions of people stand up.
I can't win without you.
Journalist Amy Goodman Shouldn't Be Arrested for Covering Dakota Pipeline Story
Sen. Elizabeth Warren goes on tirade after Wells Fargo CEO John Stumpf retires
Do Not Resist: The Police Militarization Documentary Everyone Should See
Jordan GOES OFF On Media's FALSE Standing Rock Coverage - [46:40
Zephyr Teachouts Quest to Become the Lefts Newest Crusading Congresswoman
Zephyr Teachout on Twitter | For new followers and people making up their mind, a video we made a while back on independent biz! Watch and share!
Watch live: Republican Sen. Mike Lee debates with Democratic challenger Misty Snow in U.S. Senate race
Democracy Now! on Twitter | .@TessBorden on @ACLU & @hrw call to end war on drugs: "The scale of enforcement is absolutely massiveevery 25 seconds someone is arrested"
Standing Rock: Police Arrest 120+ Water Protectors as Dakota Access Speeds up Pipeline Construction
Support for Legal Marijuana Use Up to 60% in U.S.
Five Year Anniversary: Occupy Opens Up an Era of Struggle
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "Pharmaceutical industry executives are a bunch of crooks, and they're proud of it."
ACTION NEEDED - Prosecutors in Christie trial will be one of his appointees, SIGN THIS PETITION urging the Judge to appoint an impartial Special Prosecutor.
The American People Are Paying Attention to Indian Country  Why Doesnt Congress?
Wikileaks Mega Thread 3.0 - Podesta E-mails
Jessica Arp on Twitter: .@PRyan says if Senate is flipped that @BernieSanders will become chairman of the budget committee. #news3
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "We must reject the AT&T-Time Warner merger."
The Latest: Pipeline protest prompts more than 80 arrests
Leaked Audio Shows How Florida Utilities Sought to Deceive Public Into Believing Amendment 1 is Pro-Solar: "'...[W
Bernie Sanders: "Open borders? That's a Koch brothers proposal"
Watch Now: NY19 debate between Teachout/Faso, Thursday 13 Oktober.
Riot police move in on N Dakota pipeline protesters - BBC News
Help Climate Hawks Take The House - 35 Climate Champs Who Could Flip Congress #MoneyStorm
Bernie Sanders will be holding a Rally this Friday, Oct. 14th at UCLA California to support Prop. 61!! "Prop.61 will be a real blow against the greedy pharmaceutical industry that will reverberate all over America."
A Win For Zephyr Teachout Is a Win For The Environment! We All Need Her Now! Call or Donate Please!
Last day to register to vote is Tuesday, Oct 11, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionIL
The P in PBS Should Stand for Plutocratic or Pentagon (from @Truthdig)
"In 2017 Social Security Benefits are going up $4.00* dollars a month. Not. Good. Enough."
Native Woman Falsely Arrested And Tossed Naked in Jail
Progressive-Berniecrats-Primary Winners  160 Candidates running in 2016 State &amp; Federal Races that YOU can support on 1 ActBlue page  They need your support today !!!
Dakota Access Pipeline employee disguised as a protester shoots off assault rifle
Maine Poised to Pass Ranked Choice VotingCould Give HUGE Boost to Green...
The DNC platform, and our role as progressives to fight for it.
Lets Give Our Revolution Candidate, Nanette Barragan, a National Podium
Wath the FULL DEBATE: CALIFORNIA Votes: Proposition 61 Debate | "Proposition 61: Would prohibit California state agencies from paying more for prescription drugs than the United States Department of Veterans Affairs pays."
Elizabeth Warren Warns Democrats Not To Cave On Corporate Tax Reform
Our Revolution on Twitter | Bernie's rally in Seattle w/ @PramilaJayapal is beginning now! Follow along at #BernieandPramila
Our Revolution on Twitter | Right-to-work laws drive down wagesthats why the Koch brothers heap millions in campaign donations to pass them.
Americans dont know crime has plummeted. In fact, they think its gone up.
How Oregon Became the Easiest Place to Vote in the US
Our Revolution has Given It's Ballot Initiative Page a Massive Overhaul, Now Includes Vote Recommendations for Major Initiatives in Every State
From Standing Rock: 'They Have Us Surrounded!' (w/Guest: Kandi Mossett)
Sanders to promote ColoradoCare in Boulder
Josh Fox: Award-Winning Filmmaker Arrested Documenting Pipeline Protest
Illinois suspends business with Wells Fargo
Register to Vote before the General Election is Saturday, Oct 15, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionDE
Let's FOCUS! Forget POTUS! Flip the Senate and Rock the House! Call for Teachout, Donate or use Social Media! Focus on all the great down ballot candidates! Russ Feingold All of them The Time Is NOW!
Rep. Tulsi Gabbard, Lawmakers Call for Answers on Yahoo Email Surveillance
Zephyr Teachout on Twitter | Good morning! Four weeks from today is the election. What you do to volunteer could decide it--it's that close.
Bernie Looks Ahead
5 activists successfully shut down oil pipelines across U.S.
Just Contributed 50 to Teachout! She is What Distrist 19 NY Needs!
Last day a person may register and be eligible to vote in the General Election/November Special Election /Runoff Election is Tuesday, Oct 11, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionGA
Bernie Sanders Speaks To Halloween crowd in Lebanon, NH Oct. 31st 2015 [Relevant bc Halloween and "Tell the fossil fuel contributors to go to hell." is the cue up
Zephyr Teachout Is Battling Big Money and Cynicism in One of This Years Tightest Congressional Races
How the Washington Post killed Bernie Sanders candidacy
Amy Goodman Goes To Court For BOGUS Standing Rock Charges
Just wanted to remind folks about the ongoing #PrisonStrike to change the 13th amendment
Vote to have Clinton & Trump asked about WWII-scale climate mobilization on October 9th debate
Seattle: Highest Minimum Wage, Lowest Unemployment Rate - The Big Picture
Drug lobby adds $100M to war chest ahead of pricing battle
Shailene Woodley Releases Official Statement on Her Arrest "It took me, a white non-native woman being arrested ... to bring this cause to many peoples attention.
[CO
The Wells Fargo fraud came to light because of union organizers
Voter Registration Deadline is Tuesday, Oct 11, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionIN
Obama endorsed Zephyr, Bernie endorsed Zephyr! What's not to love? Donate $10 to show that YOU support her as well!
Snowden: 'Journalists Are a Threatened Class' in Era of Mass Surveillance
Amy Goodman's Absurd Charges Dismissed
For 100 years Planned Parenthood has provided health care to millions of women. We aren't going to defund @PPFA, we're going to expand it.
In all 165 towns in our district I meet people who feel shut out of the political system--they are right. Big money drowns democracy. #ny19
Quinnipiac poll: Senate race tightens, too close to call between Rubio, Murphy
The Revolution Televised (2016) upcoming documentary on our revolution and corporate media that tried to hide it. Narrated by Viggo Mortsensen, Also has Bernie Sanders, Jill Stein, Cornell West, Black Lives Matter, ect
10 Ways You Can Help the Standing Rock Sioux Fight the Dakota Access Pipeline - PowWows.com
Dakota Access pipeline protesters occupy Hillary Clinton campaign HQ
Sanders swing through Bennington draws 700
Ralph Nader Interviews Noam Chomsky. Very relevant to the goals of this subreddit
Rally to stop TPP draws supporters
Help end the War on Drugs - Yes on 4 to regulate and tax marijuana  /r/PoliticalRevolutionMA
Human Rights Groups to Obama: Time to Follow Through on Drone Promises | "...President Barack Obama [must
Democracy Now! on Twitter | '.@dallasgoldtooth on police response to #NoDAPL: "We had elders, women and children put at risk because of the actions of law enforcement"'
North Carolina's Chance for a Fresh Senate Voice
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "Too many young people with a burning desire to get a higher education are unable to do that for one reason: their family lacks the money."
The US just bombed Yemen, and no one's talking about it
We hit our daily call goal on GrassrootsPB yesterday! Let's do it again today with Brad Avakian, Colorado Care, Zephyr Teachout, and more!
ColoradoCare (Amendment 69) gets a new TV ad: 'Do The Math'
Unicorn Riot on Twitter: "This elder in ceremonial garb held a prayer for everyone gathered on Highway 1806 and was arrested shortly after. #NoDAPL" [video
Josh Fox: Arrest of Journalists and Filmmakers Covering the Dakota Pipeline is a Threat to Democracy
Against the Trans-Pacific Partnership | The TPPs language is complex, but its result would be simple: more corporate power, and less democratic control.
OurPoliticalRev | We need to #FlipTheSenate, but we also need progressives like @ZephyrTeachout in the house. Help us help her.
With only a few short weeks until the General Election, will you phonebank for down-ballot progressives and ballot initiatives?#FlipTheSenate #FlipTheHouse
Paul Ryan warns of doomsday scenario: Bernie Sanders as Budget Committee chair
Zephyr Teachout on Twitter | What are you doing this weekend? What beats door knocking in #ny19? Join us! http://www.zephyrteachout.com
Flints new public health crisis: people are getting sick because theyre afraid to wash their hands
National Prison Strike Enters Third Week
Video: Police Viciously Attacked Peaceful Protesters at the Dakota Access Pipeline
A gay, American Indian, Democratic woman from Montana was nominated to run for House of Representatives
There Can Be No Progressive Agenda Until There's Democracy In America
Jane O'Meara Sanders on Twitter: Call your Senators & candidates. Where do they stand on #NoDAPL. Tell them to support @SenSanders' review. Call WH.
Volunteer With Zephyr
Community Town Hall and Meta Discussion - Pivoting to Post-Election Strategy
AT&T, Time Warner and the Death of Privacy
At the end of this week there is a final fundraising event for Zephyr. We would love it if you would help promote it. Only 77 more signatures required. Please help.
Our Revolution on Twitter | It's important to remember that we not only have massive wealth and income inequality, but a power structure which protects that inequality.
Posting New Secret Trade Docs, Wikileaks Further Exposes Corporate Plot
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "Let's not kid ourselves. We have today a campaign finance system that amounts to legalized bribery."
Thoughts on the complicity of the media. Actually, this election is mostly their fault
Last day to register for November general election is Tuesday, Oct 11, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionMI
After Two Wars, Standing Rock is the First Time I Served the American People
Incredibly disturbing video of Floris White Bull talking about herself &amp; other Water protectors "caged in dog kennels" after 10/27 arrests. (5:43) More info in comments  /r/IndianCountry
Police snipers shoot 11-year-old at Dakota Pipeline protests
Kshama Sawant Proposes Tax Increase on Investment Firms to Help Fund Social Services
Tulsi Gabbard on Twitter | RT to share an important question that needs to be asked during the October 9 presidential debate #debates
Dont Be Fooled: The TPP Is Not About National Security
Last day to register to vote for the general election. [Monday, October 10, 2016, is a legal holiday (Columbus Day).
Archdiocese to spend $850,000 against marijuana legalization - The Boston Globe
BE A CHAMPION OF CHANGE: We can Flip The Senate, and we can get some seriously game-chaning ballot initiatives passed (ColoradoCare) if we keep pushing from now until Nov. 8th!! Use grassrootspb.com to phonebank for progressive candidates and ballot initiatives!!
Robert Redford Backs Resistance to Dakota Access Pipeline
Zephyr Teachout on Twitter | Coaches and teachers can change your life. Our new video. Watch and share! Every voice deserves to be heard. #ny19
California Proposition Voter Guide
Vindication for Press Freedom as Charges Dropped Against Journalist Amy Goodman
Down ballot progressives in Texas
Deadline to register to vote for November 8 Election is Monday, Oct 10, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionAR
This Small Town Shows Why The Trans-Pacific Partnership Could Be A Disaster For American Workers
Green Party candidate Margaret Flowers storms Van Hollen-Szeliga Senate debate stage
Paul Ryan: Dem Party 'run by Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren'
Misty Snow wants to bring working-class representation to the U.S. Senate
This election sucks.
The truth about Zephyr Teachout and property taxes
"You know, I think that change happens typically not because somebody on high decides its going to happen, but rather because at a grassroots level enough people come together that they force the system to change." - President Obama
Memo Shows What Major Donors Like Goldman Sachs Want From Democratic Party
Poll: Feingold's lead Over Incumbent Johnson Shrinks in Wisconsin
Solidarity From the South: Indigenous Leaders From Ecuador Come to Standing Rock
Voter registration deadline for General Election is Monday, Oct 10, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionAZ
Latest live streams from the Standing Rock water protectors
U.S. Soldiers Told To Repay Thousands In Signing Bonuses From Height Of War Effort
Direct link to the auto-updating tracker of the Sanders $1M Drive on behalf of Jayapal, Teachout, and others. Can the goal be reached before the FEC reporting deadline tomorrow?
Bernie Sanders to headline Pramila Jayapal rally Saturday in Seattle
Bernie Sanders on Twitter | While drug companies make huge profits, people are dying because they can't afford their medication. Prop 61 is an important step forward.
Your Democracy Has Been Stolen; It's Time For Revolution
Once lauded as a peacemaker, Obama's tenure fraught with war
Russ Feingold on Twitter: Join Russ and @BernieSanders for an exciting event in Madison TOMORROW!
In 2013 we attended a special pipeline meeting where Zephyr Teachout's opponent, John Faso was lobbying on behalf of oil & gas, we MADE THIS AD- 90 seconds
Generation Screwed: How Millennials Are Being Exploited by Our Political System
Democrats look poised to retake Senate majority #FlipTheSenate
Meet the Journalist Facing 45 Years in Jail for Filming Pipeline Protest in North Dakota
Deeply Moving Message from Bernie Sanders - Oldie But Goodie
Sanders Champions Colorado Single Payer Effort as Model for Nation
Federal judge extends Florida voter registration deadline
Hello! This is Patricia Faye-Brazel, AMA!
32 Arrested After 200 Iowa #NoDAPL Protesters Dismantle Security Fence in Bid to Disrupt Pipeline Drilling
Amid Escalating Repression, Dakota Access Pipeline Owners Risk Legal Liability
Why are very few people phone banking for ColoradoCare?
Mixed-Member Proportional Representation Explained (a possible way to end 2 party control of the House)
When It Comes To Spending, The ColoradoCare Fight Has Been Lopsided
[Maine
Gov. Kasich cuts Wells Fargo, accused of fraud, out of new Ohio business
Our Revolution on Twitter | Bernie has been fighting for lower drug prices for decades. That's why he's doing everything he can to pass Prop 61 in California. #Yeson61
Read This Letter From Rep. Ted Lieu (D-CA) to Sec. John Kerry Regarding Potential US Liability for War Crimes in Yemen
Comcast accused of censoring 'Yes on 97' ads  /r/PoliticalRevolutionOR
The first voter registration deadlines are Sat Oct 8. Register today! Find out the deadline for your state
NC Deborah Ross is Running for US Senate!  /r/PoliticalRevolutionNC
A Universal Basic Income Would Insure Against Job Loss
Wages Are so Stagnant Even the Federal Reserve Has Begun to Notice
Voter Registration Deadline for the General Election is Tuesday, Oct 11, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionFL
Globalizing the Dakota Access Pipeline: The current struggle for indigenous peoples of North America against such eco-terrorist projects is becoming an opportunity for the world to witness the globalized ugly face of settler colonialism.
Climate Activist Unrepentant in Face of #ShutItDown Charges
Bernie Says: Stand Up To Big Pharma! (w/Alex Lawson & Guest: Garry South)
Why Is North Dakota Strip-Searching Dakota Access Pipeline Protesters Charged with Misdemeanors?
This Bernie Sanders tweet caused a drug company's stock to fall by $400 million in a day
Shailene Woodley Arrested During Pipeline Protest (VIDEO)
Democracy Now reporter to return to state to face charges
Five More States On Track To Legalize Recreational Marijuana
Larry Cohen on the TPP and Our Revolution
Our Revolution supporters helped almost 50 candidates via almost 100k contributions
After Corbyns victory: socialism the only way forward
Political Revolution on Twitter | Join us at 4pm EST and ask Patricia Faye-Brazel about her role in the Revolution and working with @BernieSanders!
Liberalism is still alive  its neoliberalism thats the problem | David Boyle | Opinion
David Harris-Gershon on Twitter: "What the hell 2016? Police wrote numbers on skin of Native American protesters, put them in dog kennels."
Californias Jane Kim Calls for Statewide Emergency on Homelessness
Shame on feds for treating Eric Garner case like hot potato
No fracking, drilling or digging: its the only way to save life on Earth | George Monbiot | Opinion
.@ZephyrTeachout is endorsed by @POTUS @JohnFasoNy is endorsed by Wall Street Which side are YOU on? #NY19
Everybody's voice is worthy of being heard.
Wells Fargo loses Better Business Bureau accreditation
Comcast, Wells Fargo and Big Oil Lead the Effort to Defeat Measure 97
Arundhati Roy: "If there is something to be done, then one thing is for sure: those who created the problem will not be the ones who come up with a solution."
Now, Every Storm Is a Climate Change Storm
Government Secretly Warned Banker Friends Of Housing Crash
Dakota Access Pipeline: Police fire on media drones, mass arrests, treaty rights declared
"Senate Update: The Last Week Has Been Very Kind To Democrats' Hopes For A Majority" and also a Bernie Chairmanship of Budget or HELP
The Economy Has Been Rigged To Make The Rich Richer! (W/Alex Lawon &amp; Guest: Dean Baker)
WI: Russ Feingold continues to lead after release of two new polls from Public Policy Polling and Monmouth University
Democrats Already Saying Bernie Will Not Chair Senate Budget Committee #ItsATrap
Progressive leaders should get behind Ranged Voting
Report: Every 25 Seconds, Cops Arrest Someone for Drug Possession
Wells Fargo: John Stumph may get $134 Million Exit Package
Some awesome shareable graphics made by one of our designers!! Use these on Facebook and Twitter to get the word out! Bernie supporters are still carrying on by supporting down-ballot progressives and ballot items; THE STRUGGLE CONTINUES!
Has anyone else in the community become seriously concerned about this sub?
Local Berniecrat Will Donate 50K Of Her Salary If Elected [Michelle Gale, running for county auditor in DuPage County, Illinois
Chief Arvol Looking Horse to Obama: Keep Your Word
White House urges ban on non-compete agreements for many workers
Doomsayers Keep Getting It Wrong on Higher Minimum Wages
I am a 25 year old Eureka, CA City Council candidate Austin Allison. AMA!!
Today ColoradoCare, Pramila Jayapal (WA), Zephyr Teachout (NY), Paul Clements (MI), and Gary Kroeger (IA) are all on the dialer! Take some time to make ten calls today to make sure they win their elections come November 8th, and to make sure ColoradoCare is passed!!
Upcoming documentary series streaming for free about Bernie and our political revolution.. and the mainstream media that tried to silence it. (Correct the Record has already tried to stop this film from coming out)
Our Revolution Statement on Board Member Shailene Woodley's Arrest
Annual School Board Runoff Election is Tuesday, Oct 11, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionAR
Last day to register to vote or to update your existing registration, without having to appear in-person at the Election Department offices, or without having to or register on the Secretary of State's Internet site October 8th, 2016  /r/politicalrevolutionNV
Deadline for write-in candidates to file a Declaration of Intent for the general election. October 4th, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionMT
Jayapal has backing of progressives, youth, unions in Washingtons 7th District House race
A Lawsuit Challenges Utahs Ban on Students and Teachers Saying Nice Things About Gay People
Our Revolution endorsed candidate Peter Jacob is debating his opponent Congressman Leonard Lance in NJ-D7!
Democracy Deferred: Ohio Removes Anti-Fracking Measures From County Ballots
Ten Reasons To Support Keith Ellison For 5th District Minnesota House Now!
Is the DAPL protest still out in the field in Dakota? I would like to fly there and join them later this month.
CFPB Rule Could Protect Low-Income Households from Predatory Short-Term Lending
Home of Our Revolution endorsed NJ-7 candidate, and Asian-Indian American, Peter Jacob, Vandalized with swastikas for second time in a week.
Green Party candidate Myles Hoenig - Capitalism is the Root Cause of Our Problems - Let's get this guy some cash
Big Business Declares TPP the Winner in Vice Presidential Debate
Not going to be around on election day? Make sure you know your absentee ballot information to ensure your vote is counted!! Follow this link for absentee ballot information for **ALL 50 STATES!!**
Last Day to Register to Vote is Tuesday, Oct 11, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionLA
WANT TO HELP? Join us at the Text for Our Revolution team
AT&T's $85 Billion Time Warner Buy Could Be An Anti-Consumer Shit Show Of Monumental Proportions
Colorado Voters Urged to Reject Measure That Would 'Shut Down Democracy'  /r/PoliticalRevolutionCO
Political Revolution on Twitter | Today is #NationalComingOutDay. We must continue the fight for LGBTQ rights and acceptance.
The DEA spent $73,000 to eradicate marijuana plants in Utah. It didnt find any.
Pretty disgusting hit piece against NJ-7 Berniecrat Peter Jacob, by opponent and long-time Republican incumbent, Leonard Lance.
Meet Thomas Dixon, Candidate for US Senate South Carolina  /r/PoliticalRevolutionSC
Vote-By-Mail Mailing Period begins Monday, Oct 10, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionCA
Forget the FBI Cache; Podesta Emails Show How America Is Run
Pipeline route plan first called for crossing north of Bismarck, but was deemed "too dangerous" for the water
As Progressives, We Must Make Sure Brady Walkinshaw is defeated in Washington CD7
In Day of Action, Activists Demand Obama Cancel Oil Leases in Gulf
Bernie Sanders Calls On Citizens to Reject ATT Merger.
Coloradocare Losing 27-65% with a swing of -30% in poll by Maghellan Strategies (Strong Ties to GOP & Koch pollster)
New study says many college students don't know where their next meal is coming from
Capitalism Is Doomed  Without Alternatives, So Are We
"Jockeying heats up for DNC chairmanship", Let's get behind Keith Ellison
Shailene Woodley Opens Up About Recent Arrest in Powerful Essay: 'I'm Not Scared, Im Not Afraid'
Actress Shailene Woodley Reveals She Was Strip-Searched After Her Arrest Protesting Dakota Pipeline
The ColoradoCare YES TV commercial is now LIVE! Please consider helping us keep it on air by contributing to the YES campaign. Details inside!
Ohio Revolution on Twitter | #WayneNationalForest is going to be auctioned off - likely will be fracked. #nofracking #climatechange #waterislife
SF: Bernie Sanders Yes on Prop 61 Rally
Climate Direct Action: Activists Halt Flow of All Canada-to-U.S. Tar Sands Oil by Shutting Off Valves of Five Pipelines
'Hate Crime': Video Shows Truck Plowing Into Indigenous Rights Rally
Join the fight for Prop 61 - Our Revolution
Keith Mundy is running for Congress in Ohio: He is not the rich guy
Loras College Poll in Wisconsin: Johnson (R) 45.4, Feingold (D) 40.2. Likely an outlier based on female responses, but take nothing for granted.
In Boon for Big Pharma, TTIP Would Lock In High Drug Prices: Report
23 New Election links - 2016 Election hacking confirmed - NSA, DHS, and Letter from Reid, Pelosi, Ryan and McConnell; CICJ Book and Support links, CA, AZ and FL updates
CNN didn't say it's illegal to sing about Wikileaks
Givers of Courage: Thousands of wild American Bison appear from nowhere at Standing Rock
This obscure government agency has a plan to put Wall Street CEOs in prison
Sign up for The Political Revolution's official email list, and receive information about volunteer possibilities, donation drives, and important downballot issues. It's time to #FlipTheSenate, and we need your help.
Bernie Sanders is coming to the Cap Center on Nov. 21 - The Concord Insider
Today is very important for the noDAPL movement, please call the White House
Amendment 71 is sponsored by big fracking and seeks to stifle grassroots movements in Colorado. Not many people know about it - help spread the word by Facebanking or flyering! Links/instructions inside
Whitehouse.gov petition to crack down on the black box voting machines.
Bernie Sanders brother could be elected tonight in David Cameron's former seat (admittedly extremely unlikely) would need a swing of +55% which is unheard of. Real question is how will the liberal democrats do as they are expected to hugely increase today, as the main anti hard brexit party
Sanders: Benefit Increase Too Small for Americans Relying on Social Security
How to Fix America's Corrupt Political System
Why The Kurds Should Fascinate Western Liberals
The Quiet Desperation of Millennials
Frank Zona Cares About Our Drinking Water in Ohio! Get to Know Him. District 69 Needs Him.
The decline of the middle class is causing even more economic damage than we realized
Last day to register to vote is Friday, Oct 14, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionOK
FB Video from Protester who was at DAPL Protest - Concluded Now
The ACLU delivers!
Live updates all week from Dakota Access Pipeline protests: It will be a battle here (Seattle times)
Experts Find Evidence of Electronic "Vote-Flipping" in Tim Canova Loss to Wasserman-Schultz, Call for Recount
Report Shows 'Bold New Vision' for Carbon-Free Transportation System Is Possible
AT&T Preps "Media Colossus" with Time Warner at Customers' Expense
How the debates went from an innovative way to inform voters to a tool to suppress political competition.
Our Revolution on Twitter: We stand with Nevadans asking #NVLeg to vote down SB1, which would be a raw deal for NV taxpayers & a handout to a billionaire. #StadiumScam
Secretive funds allow Michigan lawmakers to accept corporate cash
Big Pharma Spending Big to Defeat Drug Price Measure
EDITORIAL: Vote 'yes' on Amendment 69  Colorado Care is good medicine for everyone - Aurora Sentinel
Focus on Teachout! Close races! Don't waste time on incumbents that will safely win.
The Surveillance State Descends on the Dakota Access Pipeline Spirit Camp
Hightower: It's "Our Revolution," and it's on the move
The Geniuses Who Brought You the Iraq War Are at It Again
Voting from a Native American reservation is much harder than it should be - Vox
Bernie Sanders "I want to thank [supporters." Jun 27, 2015, 2:40; "We are talking about the real issues that impact the American people."
Showdown at hand between law enforcement, pipeline protesters
Why Is the Foreign Policy Establishment Spoiling for More War? Look at Their Donors.
Two weeks to go. Stop throwing socks at the television. Put them back on and sign up to volunteer! http://www.zephyrteachout.com
I Said It Before and I'll say it Again. Talking Points For Zephyr Teachout! Ten Reasons to Call Donate or Use Social media!
Ok, but how cool is this guy? Progressive democrat battling for SC's 1st district!
Neoliberalisms Deadly Experiment: In Michigan, privatization and free-market governance has left 100,000 people without water.
Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer Says Top Priority for Next Year Is Giant Corporate Tax Cut
Four More Journalists Face Charges For Covering #NoDAPL
Russ Feingold on Twitter | Former GOP State Sen. Barbara Lorman is proud to endorse Russ: "Russ has a record of standing up to both parties to get things done for WI."
Bernie Sanders on Twitter | Quite simply, in our high-priced health care system, we spend more yet end up with less.
Syria War Propaganda Drumming Up Hard, Corporate Media is LYING Again
Democrats' Embrace of Corporate Cash Isn't Pragmatic, It's Ideological
Indigenous People Run Their Own Cellular Network
General Election November 8th, 2016: Voter Registration Deadline Sunday, Oct 9, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionRI
Susan Sarandon urges Arizona voters to vote Yes on Prop 205
'New Era of Climate Change Reality,' WMO Warns
Google spends more on lobbyists than the Top 5 Banks combined - What are they up to?
Special Investigation: Native Americans Are Being Killed by Police at a Higher Rate Than Any Other Group
MAINE: There is no cut-off date for registering to vote in person at your town office or city hall. If you want to register to vote by mail or through a voter registration drive, the cut-off date is Tuesday, October 18, 2016 for the General/Referendum Election.  /r/PoliticalRevolutionME
Russ Feingold for Senate Wisconsin! He will raise the minimum wage!
Obama Worries Future Presidents Will Wage Perpetual, Covert Drone War
Corporations Avoid Taxes By Offshoring $2.5 Trillion  More Than The GDP Of France
Chicago Teachers Prepare for Battle: Chicago teachers have voted overwhelmingly to strike in the face of concession demands and austerity.
Fracking Industry's New Plan? Prosecute Those Who Push Drilling Bans
Last Day to Register to Vote in November 8 General Election is Tuesday, Oct 11, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionTX
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 02, 2016
Patriots Acquitted in Malheur As DAPL Water Protectors Get Maced
After Election, Tension Between Liberal and Centrist Democrats in Congress May Surface Quickly - Washington Wire
How to Support Standing Rock and Confront What It Means to Live on Stolen Land
Meet Mal Hyman, Democratic Candidate for Congress, District 7  /r/PoliticalRevolutionSC
Teachout Protects the Drinking Water of NY district !9, faso took money fron general electrtic and then let them off the hook for polluting The Hudson River Valley
Chase Iron Eyes on Twitter: "My opponent doesn't actually believe there's a discrimination problem in ND, nor does he believe the climate is changing? Vote Iron Eyes"
Zephyr Teachout on Twitter | The way we fund campaigns right now makes no sense, and leads to laws that only make sense for big donors and lobbyists.
Harvard Square Strike Action - Eleven Arrested in Dining Services Labor Union Protest
Filmmaker Faces 45 Years in Prison for Reporting on Dakota Access Protests
Impacted Communities Take Fight Against Dakota Access to Corporate Heads
Dr. Patch Adams visits Denver to support ColoradoCare and single-payer: "Infect the rest of the nation!"
Feds will not prosecute EPA official linked to Gold King Mine disaster in Colorado
Activists Shut 5 Canada-US Pipelines to Support Standing Rock
Bernie Sanders is a BEAST - Bold Leadership
Massachusetts Teachers Unions Battle the Dark Money Behind a Pro-Charter Ballot Measure
Community Forum and Open Discussion
How to Contact the 17 Banks Funding the Dakota Access Pipeline
"We're Homeless and We Vote": Homeless People Want a Voice in This Election
Medical research appears to indicate that improving honesty is central to Political Revolution
KING: Why my family is soon traveling to Standing Rock
Senate Race in Illinois Leaning Democratic
Bernie Looks Ahead
Big Pharma is paying $87 million to fight California Prop 61! Vote Yes on Prop 61 to regulate how much California pays for vital drugs!
OREGON: Last day register to vote is Tuesday, Oct 18, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionOR
Watch This US Official Struggle to Justify Double Standard for Saudi Bombings
Have a question for @JohnFasoNy or @ZephyrTeachout for the debate Thurs at 8pm? Use #NY19. RSVP, tune in or stream: http://bit.ly/2dK7aa6
Meet Pramila Oct. 16
National Coming Out Day 2016 Quotes: 11 Sayings From LGBT Rights Advocates About Being Yourself
Surveillance in the Post-Obama Era (and Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act)
RSN Interview: Larry Cohen on the TPP and Our Revolution
Polling Points to Support for Pot Legalization Efforts in Five States
Friends: I've been gone for awhile, but I'm back now. And I want you to help the state of New York put an end to Governor Cuomo's awful Nuclear Bailout. Can you share this with your NY friends?
Last Day to Register to Vote in General Election is Tuesday, Oct 11, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionNM
Voter Registration Deadline - General Election Voter registration application must be postmarked by deadline date, Monday, Oct 10, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionHI
Last day to register is October 8th, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionSC
@ZephyrTeachout | Public education is the infrastructure of democracy.
Congresswoman GOES OFF On The TPP In A Powerful Message
An invitation to join us in solidarity for the upcoming 2016 Native American Heritage Month - Announcements and Schedules!  /r/IndianCountry
NY-19: Obama Endorses Teachout (Updated)
Bernie "short" email.
All that anger and frustration you have about this year's election? Write a note to your self to read early next year, reminding yourself to STAY ENGAGED. Keep the pressure on in 2017 and 2018, get anything we can done, and make sure 2018 and 2020 elections are different.
NEVADA: The last day to register to vote or update your existing registration is Tuesday, Oct 18, 2016  /r/politicalrevolutionNV
Progressive-Berniecrats-Primary Winners  160+ Candidates running in 2016 State and Federal Races that YOU can support on 1 ActBlue page  They need your support today !!!
Sanders on WikiLeaks reveals: Look forward, not backward
WHY IT MATTERS: LGBT | Same-sex marriage is now the law of the land, but there are other battlegrounds related to civil rights and nondiscrimination protections for lesbians, gays, bisexuals and transgender people.
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 09, 2016
'Either We Destroy War or It Will Destroy Us': Happy Birthday, Philip Berrigan
Report Shows US Corporate Tax Dodging Still Rampant, Still Legal
Top Climate Scientist: Tax Fossil Fuels to Save Younger Generations' Future
Zephyr Teachout on Twitter: "My new TV ad, out this morning! The flood of negative, misleading ads is part of everything that's wrong with politics"
Last Day to Register to Vote in General Election (in person) is Tuesday, Oct 11, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionTN
Last day to REGISTER to vote before the November 8 General Election is Tuesday, Oct 11, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionPA
Deadline for Voter Registration for Nov. 8 General Election is Tuesday, Oct 11, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionOH
Voter Registration Deadline, 12:00 p.m. Circuit Clerks's Offices MUST remain open from 8:00 a.m. until 12:00 p.m. Mail-In Registration Applications must be postmarked no later than Saturday, October 8, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionMS
Fairbanks Mayoral Election - Current Mayor: John Eberhart - Population(31,535) October 4th, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionAK
Injustice Boycott :: Starting on December 5th, 2016
Climate Change Will Spark Global Economic Crisis - [5:25
The Real Reason We're In Syria Is Enraging But Not Surprising
Nebraska politicians can't agree on the death penalty - now voters get to decide
Olivia Fox Cabane on Twitter | @RoseAnnDeMoro 1st group of 200 Lakota Youth join #NoDAPL at #StandingRock next week! Help next 4 groups get there? http://tinyurl.com/LakotaYouth
Standing Rock Sioux Tribes Response to Treatment of Protesters
I just read an article explaining how gerrymandering is going to keep a lot of old republicans in their senate and house seats this election, despite getting less votes. How do we raise awareness of just how bad this is? How do we make this an issue?
Daily Ballot Awareness and Activism Post
Governor of IL donates at least $9 million to candidates. Regardless of party, seems wrong for a public servant, right?
Chicago Cops Who Broke "Code of Silence" to Report Police Drug Gang Face Deadly Retaliation
Internal Watchdog Blasts EPA's Egregious Delay on Flint Emergency Order
On Strip Searches and Press Freedom in North Dakota
Meet The Muslim Woman Running For State Legislature In Minnesota
In Standing Rock, The Cops Are Out of Control | Civil Liberties Defense Center
MARYLAND: Deadline to register to vote for the general election is Tuesday, Oct 18, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionMD
Sen. Bernie Sanders To Host Proposition 61 Rally In San Francisco
As Flint Suffers, Big Pharma Slammed for Lead Poison Drug Price Hike of 2,700%
Arn Menconi Talks About How Global Corporate Mafia is Running Our Country
Facebook, Instagram, Twitter Helped Police Track Activists of Color: ACLU
As Torture's Mental Toll is Illuminated, Doctors Call for US Accountability
Sanders-loving Vermont lawmaker snags GOP nomination
America Can't Bomb It's Way To A Better Future
32+ New Honest Election Resource Links  CSOonlines new site of technical election hacking stories, Open Source Election Technology resources links, PA updates
When Media Oversimplifies, Dig Deeper
Video shows cop shattering windshield with handcuffed man's face
45 Years After Attica Uprising, Prisoners Are Rebelling Again
Deadline for mail or online new voter registration, address change and other updates is Monday, Oct 10, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionDC
Big Pharma Paid LGBT Groups and Others That Opposed California Drug-Price Ballot Measure
Ask the Iowa Utilities Board to halt DAPL construction for many construction permit violations.
Senior House Republicans fighting for their lives.
Wall Street 2016: Firms Managing Pension Money Spend Millions To Support Governors, Despite Pay-To-Play Rule
Chase Iron Eyes' Progressive Push For Congress
Zephyr Teachout - "Stood Up For"
Democracy Now! on Twitter | Standing Rock Sioux Tribe chair: "We need to start looking at pipelines that are already under the river those pose a threat to us"
RoseAnn DeMoro on Twitter | Even as dozens are arrested and temperatures drop, water protectors stand their ground. #NoDAPL #OurRevolution
North Dakota must drop outrageous charges against journalist Amy Goodman of "Democracy Now"
Sanders, 4 other senators request Dakota pipeline review as 19...
DO YOU LIVE IN SOUTHEASTERN MICHIGAN? Four weeks left until Election Day -- come help us elect a progressive to the U.S. House!!
Court Rejects Dakota Access Injunction, But Standing Rock Sioux Vow 'This is Not The End'
I'm a teacher running for governing board in Arizona. We need more educators in elected office who understand the connection between the classroom and the board room.
Recordings show Wisconsin DMV workers giving wrong info on voter ID cards
Karl Marx, Yesterday and Today: The nineteenth-century philosophers ideas may help us to understand the economic and political inequality of our time.
The Progressive Case for Replacing the Welfare State with Basic Income
BREAKING: Lee County threatens to have Mississippi Stand encampment removed Thursday (October 6)  /r/NoDAPL
Corporations Are Pouring Millions into Local Ballot Fights
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 31, 2016
Watch Police Attack Unarmed Standing Rock #NoDAPL Water Protectors! - [8:58
(Oregon) state treasurer candidate Chris Henry calls for establishment of public Oregon state bank
Morgan Carroll posts big fundraising haul with help from Bernie Sanders
Paul Ryan Uses Bernie Sanders As the ULTIMATE Scare Tactic
Judge orders Virginia voter registration reopened. Virginia residents can register to vote until Friday at midnight!
Bernie Sanders at CU Boulder: 'Stand tall and vote yes on Amendment 69'
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 17, 2016
Billions of Gallons of Animal Waste From Factory Farms Poses Health Risks in Wake of Hurricane Matthew
Progressive-Berniecrats-Primary Winners  160+ Candidates running in 2016 State and Federal Races that YOU can support on 1 ActBlue page  They can use your support today !!! $58,000+ raised in 23,000+ tiny donations
GEORGIA: Advanced (In-Person) Voting begins for the General Election/November Special Election Monday, Oct 17, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionGA
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 16, 2016
Full Interview: Sen. Bernie Sanders On HBOs "Real time with Bill Maher" | October 14, 2016
Fast Forwarding to November 9th - Bernie takes center stage again!
Even the guards are joining the #PrisonStrike in this Alabama prison
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 12, 2016
How can I help Maine's Question 5 (Ranked Choice Voting)?
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 11, 2016
The House May Be in Play | RealClearPolitics
Police Raid Indianas Largest Voter Registration Office Following Fraud Accusations From GOP
All of my work for Bernie Sanders has been in vain. And its okay.
The Dakota Access Pipeline: Another Epic Clash Between Americas Military-Corporate Powers and the Great Sioux Nation
Last Day to Register to Vote in Person or by Mail for the General Election. (Mailed Registration must be postmarked by Oct. 14th and received by OCT. 19th) is Friday, Oct 14, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionNY
2.6 terabyte leak of Panamanian shell company data reveals "how a global industry led by major banks, legal firms, and asset management companies secretly manages the estates of politicians, Fifa officials, fraudsters and drug smugglers, celebrities and professional athletes."
TPP Partner Jails Human Rights Blogger
Truthdigger of the Week: Standing Rock Sioux Chairman David Archambault II (from @Truthdig)
Wikileaks Mega Thread 4.0 - Podesta E-mails
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 28, 2016
Armed With Riot Gear, Militarized Police Begin Forcibly Clearing DAPL Protest Camp
How Deep Will 2016's Blue Wave Be? Progressives Push Many Candidates and Issues Up and Down Political Ladder
Early Voters! In many states and counties you can check the status of your ballot.
Corporate Authoritarianism and the New American Anti-Democracy
Another Victory for Workers in Seattle -- This Time It's Their Schedules
Call for Adrian Fontes, running for County Recorder in Maricopa County, AZ!
Natives Celebrating Amy Goodman Met By Police State
Third Presidential Debate Mega Thread
Gallup: Nationwide Support for marijuana legalization surges to 60%
Can we please show Congressman Ted Lieu (D-CA) some love for trying to stem civilian carnage in Yemen?
The REAL vote rigging: Republicans make it harder for millions to vote in 2016 elections.
Message from Russ Feingold | Let's take back the Senate
The Next Big Thing: Job Benefits That Go Where You Go
Tulsa Gabbard has a question for the debate
Talking Point For Teachout !She will Lower Property taxes! Which have gone up 43% while her oppenant faso has been in office
[Essay
US Officially Enters War with Yemen Amid Charges of Saudi War Crimes
A Call To Obama And Feds To Halt DAPL At NCAI Consultation
Political Revolution and Sister Subreddits
5 Top Reasons to Donate to Russ Feingold !Call For Russ! Let's Flip the Senate !
13th Amendment: how to make money off of throwing citizens in jail.
Reps. Barbara Lee and Linda Snchez are squaring off in the race to become vice chairman of the Democratic Caucus
Video for socialist campaign: Vote Gloria La Riva 2016!
Paul Penzone releases campaign ad attacking Sheriff Joe Arpaio
Why is this sub so inactive?
Lessons from Roosevelt: The Past of the Democratic Party
TYT Politics Passes 100,000 Subscribers!!! [Thank you to Jordan Chariton for his integral reporting this past year.
Help NY 19 Decide For the Best... Teachout! She is up 1 point and 15 % undecided! Ten Top Reasons to Fight For Teachout Again!
(Oregon) Don't Shoot Portland's Teressa Raiford announces a write-in campaign for Multnomah Co. Sheriff (there is currently only one candidate on the ballot running uncontested: the unelected incumbent, Mike Reese)
Dakota Access Oil Pipeline: Invite CEO to Lunch, Go to Jail
A solution which could legitimize Third Parties and end the Spoiler Effect
Why Overturning Citizens United Isn't Enough
Hard-Line Prosecutors Face Rejection From Voters in Elections Across the U.S.
Do you want to help transform America? Volunteer with The Political Revolution today!
In Hindsight, Backers of Bernie Sanders Lament What Might Have Been
How Pharmaceutical Companies Are Keeping Americans From Doing Something The Government Says They Can Do
Students in California cast 13,084 votes for socialism
[Maine
Political Revolution on Twitter | Join us at http://political_revolution.reddit.com tomorrow at 2 PM ET for an AMA about Oregon's Measure 97!
Obama, Holder to lead post-Trump redistricting campaign
What Happens When Privatization Doesn't Work Out
In the Spirit of the GI Bill, Cancel All Student Debt
Brave Environmental Lawyer Explains Standing Rock Legal Issues
Jordan Reports From Cannonball River #NoDapl
Death Sentences Require Unanimous Jury, Florida Supreme Court Rules  /r/PoliticalRevolutionFL
Julian Assange Is A Planetary Hero
North Dakota must drop outrageous charges against journalist Amy Goodman of "Democracy Now"
Jane Kleeb - new Nebraska Democratic Party chair - wants your help finding someone to primary Senator Deb Fischer in 2018
Pentagon Video Warns of Unavoidable Dystopian Future for Worlds Biggest Cities
Progressive Propositions: 205, 206 in Arizona
Ballot Breakdown: Amendment 1, Pro Or Against Solar Energy?
As Battle for Senate Tightens, Progressives Hone In on Down-Ballot Races
Howard Dean: How to Move Beyond the Two-Party System
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 08, 2016
Terry Gipson is a Progressive who is running for State Senate in NY, and he could sure use your help!
Nina Turner: Out of Touch Politicians Drowning Middle Class
NYT Pulls Out the Stops in Pushing NAFTA
Jim Burke, democratic nominee for Texas house district 114, is doing an AMA in /r/politics!
Absentee Voting by Mail Begins for the General Elections Friday, Oct 14, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionNC
Last Day to Register to Vote in the General Election is Friday, Oct 14, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionID
BACK UP THE CANVASSERS FOR TEACHOUT! Flip the Senate and Rock the House! Call for Teachout, Donate or Use Social Media! headquarters said it is great to use social media using quotes from Zephyrs' website Talking points for Teachout! Back Up the Canvassers Knocking on Doors!
Were Hiring! [NYC Progressive Caucus Needs Full-Time Coordinator
Society of Indian Psychologists' Response to Pipeline Protest
Beyond Clinton & Sanders: The Task of the Democratic Party
The American Dream Is Killing Us
Detroit Kids Driven To Crime By Corrupt Government - [11:06
The Case for an Article V. Convention
Can we make (or is there already) a "What Would Bernie Vote?" page?
Behind the retreat of the Koch brothers' operation
DAPL Crackdown Continues With Rubber Bullets and Mace As Water Protectors Form New Front Line
Save Wayne National Forest from oil & gas development
GUAM! Voter Registration ends by 8 pm on Friday, Oct 28, 2016
David Zuckerman Ahead by 17 points in Vermont, Sue Minter Behind by 1 point
Super PACs spend millions to target Feingold
Phone, Donate or Use Social Media For Zephyr Teachout! She will Lower Property Taxes in NY19. Protect The Water Supply as well as Social Security! She is The Job Creator. NY 19 - Decent Rural Folks that Need Teachout Now!
Progressive Coders Network has an onboarding vid call open to anyone interested in tech and the progressive movement! Come join us at 8:30pm!!!
The Time for Direct Action on Climate Change Is Now
10 races Democrats must win to take the House
Roaming Charges: a Wikileak is a Terrible Thing to Waste
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 15, 2016
Michigan Attorney General Spends $2.3m On Flint Water Probe
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 14, 2016
Arpaio's opponent Paul Penzone is UP by 10 points! (after the Arizona Republic endorsed him for Sheriff)
Opinion: Latinos, we are indigenous, the #NoDAPL fight is ours as well
/r/politics is holding a Town Hall today on Healthcare Ballot Measures (CA 52 & 61, CO 69, NV 4, and WA 14). Representatives from the "support" and "oppose" side for each were invited to respond to questions :)
Our Revolution on Twitter | Bernie & the grassroots movement behind #Yeson61 need your help to defeat Big Pharma. Join this critical fight at at http://ourrev.us/prop-61
Bernie Sanders Campaign Staffers Write New Rule Book For Political Organizing
Recalculating the Climate Math
WASHINGTON! Deadline for Mail or Online New Voter Registration, address change and other updates Monday, Oct 10, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionWA
Fifteen Years of Lessons Not Learned
Calling All Wells Fargo Whistleblowers! (naked capitalism is following up with their extensive 2013 whistleblower series on Bank of America mortgage fraud.)
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 07, 2016
Guess Where Most Of Our Money Goes
Disappearing Middle Class: Mayor John Fetterman
First and Foremost, the Wells Fargo Scandal is about Workers
Protests Greet Puerto Rico Control Board
Thoughts on some elements of my platform...
First day for Grace Period Registration and Voting is Wednesday, Oct 12, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionIL
Virginia Newspaper Endorses Carolina Governor Because HB 2 Is Sending Them Jobs  /r/PoliticalRevolutionNC
Anonymous Message to North Dakota Governor Jack Dalrymple
Progressive Candidate's Inspirational Fight Against Poverty [Sabrina Shrader, a Democratic candidate for the West Virginia house of delegates
The Bullying of Pramila Jayapal
The Water Crisis in Hoosick Falls
DAPL Crackdown Continues With Rubber Bullets and Mace As Water Protectors Form New Front Line
Powerful interest groups funding Wiener-Kim state Senate race
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 25, 2016
Daily Ballot Awareness and Activism Post
How do we know who to vote for at the State and local levels?
Zephyrs Teachout's says that it is great to use social media using quotes from her site!
Shaun King: Colin Kaepernick is Enormously Courageous and Has Sparked a Movement Among Athletes
Some plan to vote NO on legal weed in Nov. due to regulation, taxation, implementation, etc. It's about more than cheap weed and small business, folks! It's about freedom! Have fun telling a friend who gets jailed next year that you voted no because of $300 ounces and corporate takeovers. Vote yes!
Who are some progressives to vote for come Election Day, as a Texan?
Oil Disasters Redefined as 'Gas Hikes' While Pipeline Industry Receives Billions in Subsidies
Report from Standing Rock: 100+ Militarized Police Deployed Against Native American Water Protectors
Where Has the Waste Gone? Fracking Results in Illegal Dumping of Radioactive Toxins
We, as well as People for Bernie and Save Main Street are hosting a fundraiser for Zephyr! Sign up for the thunderclap.
The Associated Press on Twitter | BREAKING: The federal government says millions of Social Security recipients will get a 0.3 percent increase in benefits next year.
CSPAN on Twitter | Ohio Senate Debate between @robportman & @Ted_Strickland  10pm ET on C-SPAN
Environmental Lawyer Explains Standing Rock Legal Issues
Guardian video features WV Our Revolution endorsed candidate Sabrina Shrader
RoseAnn DeMoro on Twitter | #OurRevolution continues! Join @BernieSanders and me in Boulder to rally for #SinglePayer in Colorado. #ColoradoCare #FridayFeeling
Pramila Jayapal on Twitter | @BernieSanders is coming to Seattle to headline a Got Out The Vote rally for @PramilaJayapal! Ticket Info (in tweet)
Climate Change Has Doubled Western U.S. Forest Fires, Says Study - The Earth Institute
Direct News Fresh From Teachout's Headquarters! I Took Notes! Details Inside!
Lawsuit Demands Board of Elections Release Absentee Ballot Info in Hubbard Races
One year later: The long-term effects of the Flint water crisis
ILLINOIS! Tuesday, October 11, 2016 is the last day for regular registration or transfer of registration. First day for Grace period Registration and Voting is Wednesday, Oct 12, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionIL
GEORGIA! Last day a person may register and be eligible to vote in the General Election/November Special Election /Runoff Election is Tuesday, Oct 11, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionGA
ARKANSAS! Deadline to register to vote for November 8 Election is Monday, Oct 10, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionAR
NPR Says that Protection for Doctors, Pharma, Might Lead to War
Get Informed! Get your voting area's Sample Ballot!
Bill Clinton Attacks Obamacare
Americans Are Divided On Climate Change
How to get justice after the Wells Fargo scandal
Late register for most elections at the county election office or the designated location beginning 29 days before election day, and through 8 p.m. on election day. Regular voter registration closes at 5 p.m. thirty days before election day.  /r/PoliticalRevolutionMT
2016 Regional Educational Attendance Area (REAA) October 4th, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionAK
McDonald's Settlement Could Open Door for Worker Wins Nationwide
This election is a massive opportunity.
Zephyr Teachout: Saugerties, NY, October 29, 2016
When A Tax Bonanza Is Actually A Huge Corporate Tax Break
Underbanked Report Shows Need For Postal Banking
In PA Katie McGinty vs Toomy for senate Race She is Winning by a Nose! Close Race! Dead Heat! 42 Katie McGinty 41.5 Toomy
Hiding US Role in Yemen Slaughter So Bombing Can Be Sold as Self-Defense
Scientists Accidentally Discover Efficient Process to Turn CO2 Into Ethanol
Head of nation's largest police chief group issues formal apology for 'historical mistreatment' of racial minorities
If You Care About Helping Deia's charges dropped for Protesting DAPL. There is a Petition! Please Sign!
Bernie Sanders on Twitter | We will make public colleges and universities tuition free for all working families in America.
Cigna Accused Of Cheating Prescription Drug Buyers  /r/PoliticalRevolutionCT
Non-cable Internet providers offer faster speeds to the wealthy
Latest call from Red Warrior Camp: "We now must ask all Land Defenders, Water Protectors, and Strong Hearts to hear our War Cry and join us here in Standing Rock immediately." [video & words
Meet Denise Juneau, who hopes to be the first Native American woman in Congress  /r/PoliticalRevolutionMT
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 13, 2016
Celebrate Love and Support LGBTQ people across the globe : #NationalComingOutDay
Closing Special Interest Loopholes
Ruling Allows Construction to Resume on Small Part of DAPL
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 10, 2016
Arizona! Voter registration deadline for General Election is Monday, Oct 10, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionAZ
Nine states shorten deadline for voter registration
Court Postpones Decision on DAPL Construction Stoppage as Standing Rock Stands Strong
Cybersecurity: Ensuring the Integrity of the Ballot Box - United States House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform
Ohio: The fight for our water
Wisconsin: Voter ID law may introduce obstacles for transgender voters
Bargaining On A Revolution?
SPLC complaint: Families falsely imprisoned after ICE raids
How the electricity utilities use a little bit of political jiu-jitsu to steal the sun  /r/politics
Human Rights Campaign withdraws Kirk endorsement
Congress is seeking answers to a reenlistment bonus scandal
URGENT Call to Support Our Frontlines  Camp of The Sacred Stones
Deborah Ross out-raises - and outspends - Richard Burr
TEXAS! First day of early voting by personal appearance for November 8 general election. Monday, Oct 24, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionTX
So a, what happened to Grassroots select subreddit?
Democrat ex-Army captain becomes an unlikely challenger in Missouri Senate race thanks to video ad in which he assembles an AR-15 blindfolded in just 32 seconds
The Democrats are likely to win a majority of House votes, but not a majority of House seats. Again.
On Friday, videogame voice actors went on Strike demanding better pay and working conditions. Companies affected include Electronic Arts, Activision, Take-Two Interactive, Warner Brothers and Disney. Show your support and help your fellow workers earn what they deserve!
Nostalgia :-( and hope :-)
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 22, 2016
Just made ten phone calls for Teachout directly from her site. I have not used grassroots PB- yet because uh I'm a loner ... a rebel....This is what happened. so dangerous... so this how it went ( details inside)
Can Affordable Housing Activists Save New York?
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 18, 2016
How Can We Help NoDAPL? Winter is coming ! Help Now! Here is a List of What We Can Do to Help! Hint: one of them is easy and takes 30 seconds!
Political Revolution on Twitter "Check out our #progressive voter's guide to #healthcare! #ColoradoCare #Prop61"
Poverty simulation an eye-opening experience for ABAC students  /r/PoliticalRevolutionGA
RHODE ISLAND: Mail Ballot Application Deadline is Tuesday, Oct 18, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionRI
Obama is fed up with all the lies on the internet [and proposes Orwellian measure of "truthiness" to amend problem"
Amy Goodman to turn herself in to Morton CountyMandan Combined Law Enforcement
Anonymous - Message to the Citizens of the World VI
Progressive Candidate David Sparks (Ohio) Talks About His Stance On Marijuana
How ALEC & the Kochs Publicly Back Criminal Justice Reform & Privately Expand Mass Incarceration
Next State To Legalize Weed? Virginia Could Soon Have Medical Marijuana
Police Ramp Up Violence Against Protesters At Standing Rock
Meet Southern California's Debbie Dodger
'They Always Break!' Latest Pipeline Leak Underscores Dangers of DAPL
@TWCNewsCNY: "What issues matter to you? Candidates for Congress @JohnFasoNy & @ZephyrTeachout debate LIVE on #TWCNews at 7p on Monday. #nydebate"
Ballotpedia's Ballot Measures that were certified for the 2016 ballot.
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 23, 2016
A Sustainable Food System Could Be A Trillion-Dollar Global Windfall
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 19, 2016
VIDEO - North Dakota March to protect our water runs into police line threatening arrests
Why Wont Obama Show Leadership on Dakota Pipeline?
420,000 More Workers in Cook County Will Soon Have Paid Sick Leave
KANSAS: First Day for Early Voting is Wednesday, Oct 19, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionKS
VIRGINIA: Last day to register to vote in the November General Election Monday, Oct 17, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionVA
KANSAS: Last day to register to vote in General Election Tuesday, Oct 18, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionKS
ColoradoCare - Do the Math
The latest campaign ad for Arizona's Prop 205 - Save Our Vets
WestCoastRevolution on Twitter | #AlwaysAFanOf getting big money out of elections? See you Oct. 20th at Washington Hall, Nina Turner as Keynote! RSVP:http://wamend.org
Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram surveillance tool was used to arrest Baltimore protestors
Robert Rubin, Genius of Capital Markets, Missed Both the Stock Bubble and the Housing Bubble
Harvard Dining Services Picket in Historic Strike | News | The Harvard Crimson
High Times Cannabis Cup wants you to roll to the poll this weekend in San Bernardino | California's Proposition 64
Planet Reaches Hottest In 115,000 Years
How the education gap is tearing politics apart | David Runciman | Politics
Congressional GMO Voters Guide: Who Sold Out the Right to Know
Arctic Sea Ice Melting: Climate Change Means It Could All Be Gone In Two Years
Time to Save the World Now
Encampment on Dakota Access Pipeline Site Is Allowed to Remain (from @Truthdig)
In an Upstate Congressional Race, a Classic Boxers Match Thats Virtually Tied
If Nature Is Sacred, Capitalism Is Wicked
Voter Registration Deadline: Last Opportunity to Register to Vote in the General Election is October 18, 2016. Deadline to apply for a Mail-In Ballot by Mail for General Election is November 1, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionNJ
Quebec hydro project powers New Hampshire campaign
Guest: Racial Voter Purges Are 'Lynching By Laptop!' (w/Guest: Greg Palast)
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 29, 2016
Will the DOJ or FCC Stop the AT&T Merger from Creating World's Largest Media Conglomerate? - [9:52
The chaos of being a homeless student in New York City
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 26, 2016
No DAPL water protectors launched a major offensive on Sunday, setting up a new encampment directly on the pipeline route
Mook Repeatedly Tries To Shift From Qs On Morocco $12M Pay To Play Emails
Climate Activist Unrepentant After Being Charged in #ShutItDown Pipeline Protest
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 21, 2016
Special Report: Democratic House Officials Recruited Wealthy Conservatives
The Lucrative Road From Congress to Corporate Boards
In a Nightmare for Neoliberal Ed Reformers, Chicago Charter School Teachers May Strike This Week
Candidate with progressive agenda running for the Florida Senate. An alternative Marco Rubio and Patrick Murphy.
Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco | Consequences of Rising Income Inequality
Millions of Trees Are Dying Across the US
Henry Giroux on ethical bankruptcy in the political system
Sanders to speak at NCC about new book on presidential run
Talking Point for Zephyr Teachout NY 19 ! She will LOWER property taxes. Her opponent faso has says she will raise. NOT TRUE
Why the United States Needs a New Progressive Movement
Progressive Candidate, Patricia Faye-Brazel signs were vandalized!
U.S. Military Operations Are Biggest Motivation for Homegrown Terrorists, FBI Study Finds
One election-system vendor uses developers in Serbia
2nd Presidential Debate Mega Thread
FLORIDA! Voter Registration Deadline for the General Election is Tuesday, Oct 11, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionFL
The Untapped Power of the Other One Percent
REPORT: US Corporations Hiding TRILLIONS In Tax Havens
Cop fired after admitting he targeted black drivers in Facebook post: "...[M
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 06, 2016
Luke Quillen for the South Carolina House of Representatives, District 34  /r/PoliticalRevolutionSC
Against Activism
Dr Helen Caldicott Talks Fukushima, Abolishing the Nuclear Threat and G...
The Other Housing Crisis: Finding a Home in Rural America
What It Means Now That 40,000 Maryland Parolees Got the Right to Vote
Beyond the Fight for 15: The Worker-led Fast Food Union Campaign Building Power on the Shop Floor
A time for leadership - The Boston Globe - By Bernie Sanders
Total cost of 2016 election could reach $6.6 billion, CRP predicts
With New Study in Hand, Pennsylvanians Reiterate Call for Fracking Ban
Burning Coal Drives Global Poverty as Well as Climate Disaster, New Paper Argues
Support Prop HHH to End Chronic Homelessness in L.A.
CryptoHarlem and the ACLU are doing an AMA in /r/politics about the discriminatory use of surveillance technology by local police!
How to Make Free Trade an Easier Sell
Anything fishy happen in NC?
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 20, 2016
Democracy Now! on Twitter | .@drjumpingeagle: "They don't want people to be aware of what's happening, so that we won't be afraid of what's going into our bodies" #DAPL
RoseAnn DeMoro on Twitter | Join @SenSanders & me in Boulder as we rally for #SinglePayer, @ColoradoCareYES. Rally begins at 5pm MST/4pm PST.
Eight Cities Have New Co-op-Style Black Worker Centers -- and They're Tackling Unemployment
NEVADA: First Day any Voter Registered may Vote at any Early Voting Site within the County (14 days Oct. 22 - November 4). Hours and Days vary by Location is Saturday, Oct 22, 2016  /r/politicalrevolutionNV
How to Fight Big Oil: Join Your Neighbors
Emily Semple - yet another local candidate who endorsed Bernie Sanders
We need to call on lawmakers & the DNC to keep from corrupting the election process in 2020
ARIZONA! Early Voting begins for General Election on Wednesday, Oct 12, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionAZ
HAWAII! Voter Registration Deadline - General Election Voter registration application must be postmarked by Monday, Oct 10, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionHI
Online Voter Registration: The First day You may register to vote or update your existing registration (10 days, October 9 - 18) ONLY by the following means: (1) In-person at the Election Department offices; or (2) On the Secretary of State's Internet site.  /r/politicalrevolutionNV
Winning Rural Ohio  /r/PoliticalRevolutionOH
Senate Dem PAC Pulling Out of Florida
Cop Smashes Handcuffed Black Man's Head Into Windshield (video)
Person for Congress  /r/PoliticalRevolutionSC
Another Shockingly Low Turnout Election  /r/PoliticalRevolutionNY
Patricia Faye-Brazel for State House AMA 10/5 @ 4-6pm EST  /r/PoliticalRevolutionAK
Yahoo Email Surveillance: the Next Front in the Fight Against Mass Surveillance
Minnesota nurses reject sellout contract, continue strike
"Utopian Potential of the Internet": Astra Taylor on How to Take Back Power & Culture in Digital Age
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 03, 2016
Bernie Sanders is biggest feature of the Yes on Prop 61 Website!
Progressive Alternatives and National Projects
Whose Fault Is It? Obamacare Rates Are Going Up...
Transitioning to Clean Energy Would Create More Jobs than Fossil Fuels
Halloween Morale Maintenance; Give yourself a break.
Is America Destined For Revolution or Fascism? | Robert Scheer Interview  /r/jimmydore
The Coming Insurrection - The Invisible Committee
Ammon Bundy and Pals Acquitted in Malheur Occupation Trial
Bloomberg Does the Halloween Special Social Security Scare Story
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 27, 2016
AT&T Set to Lobby for Merger With Deep Pockets and a Big Network
Elizabeth Warren: End Corporate Tax "Holidays"
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 24, 2016
TEXAS! Last Day for Early Voting Clerk to Receive Application for Ballot by Mail for November 8 General Election. Friday, Oct 28, 2016 (Application for a Ballot by Mail)  /r/PoliticalRevolutionTX
Paid Family Leave Legislation May Hinge On Vermont's Gubernatorial Race  /r/PoliticalRevolutionVT
Now that early voting has started, here is a reminder of what Pat McCrory has done (for) to North Carolina  /r/NorthCarolina
How to Fix America's Corrupt Political System
Donate to Tom Wakely, progressive Texan from D-21!! Tom did an AMA today! Link in comments
'Walking while trans' can be a death sentence in the U.S.
Join us tomorrow at 5 EST for an AMA with @wakely2016. A progressive in TX running against a VERY red Republican. wakely2016.com
FL- Federal Judge says FL Sec Of State actions amounted to an undeclared war on the right to vote in FL /// USA in Nov  Will It Be Rigged? Will It Be Hacked? Fact-Based Discussion of Our Vulnerable U.S. Elections  5 new links
[Link to article in comments
Small-Donor Contributions Can't Compete With Those Allowed by Citizens United
Race for Senate Control on a 'Razor's Edge'
Neoliberalism's Decades-Long Attack on Public Universities
Talking Point for Zephyr Teachout NY 19 : She Will Protect Social Security!
Jim Barksdale hires high-profile Bernie Sanders veteran in Senate campaign revamp
Call For Renewed Actions In Solidarity With The Prison Strike, October 15-22 - IT'S GOING DOWN
Denouncing 'Colossal Waste' of Drug War, Report Makes Case for Decriminalization
4 Reasons the Paris Agreement Won't Solve Climate Change
Can we get Facebanking back up and running for ballot initiatives and candidates?
ARKANSAS! Annual School Board Runoff Election is Tuesday, Oct 11, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionAR
Winning Rural Ohio
Progressive Coders updates: Operations, Ways to Volunteer, and ColoradoCare  The Progressive Coder
39.5 hour "Part-Timers" and the solution I want to see implemented.
How to Radicalize Your NeoLizard Friend
Some people here need to get their facts straight - Guiding Principles of Black Lives Matter
EFF Asks Court To Block The DOJ From Prosecuting Researcher For DMCA Violations
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 04, 2016
Early Voting begins for General Election on Wednesday, Oct 12, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionAZ
Last Day to Register to Vote by Mailing, In-Person &amp; Online is Tuesday, Oct 11, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionUT
Donna Brazile Fired From CNN [5:31-7:32 Only
This Maine Initiative Could Shake Up the Two-Party System
Question about voting from someone who doesn't know much about the process.
FBI throws curveball into race for Senate
#NoDAPL: "Land Of The Free" Protects Thieving Corporation
Elizabeth Warrens Power On The Rise
NYC Votes Releases Official November 8 General Election Guide  /r/PoliticalRevolutionNY
Join Climate Hawks THIS THURSDAY and help raise as much money as possible for 35 progressive climate candidates running for U.S. House! Pledge your support here and share the link!
ALASKA! Absentee By-Mail Application Deadline - Saturday, October 29, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionAK
The $173 Trillion Austerity Tax in the Infinite Horizon
CALIFORNIA! Last Day to Register to Vote Monday, Oct 24, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionCA
NORTH CAROLINA: Early voting has started! Here's (almost) everything you need to know about it (even if you're not registered!)  /r/NorthCarolina
Sacred Stone Camp.org Supply List
CNN Tells Viewers It's Illegal For Them To Read Wikileaks Document Dumps. CNN Is Wrong
Remembering Sandy's Wrath, New Yorkers Demand Massive Fossil Fuel Divestment
Extended video review of #NoDAPL resistance since April 1 (starts about 2:40)
Robert Samuelson is Worried About Debt
Joseph Hernandez for Woodbury (MN) City Council
Action Alert To Stop Bakken Pipeline in Iowa Saturday - Meet at the Lohrville public library by 10am for civil disobedience training. Get there by noon if you just want to show support. Donate if you can't support in person.
Zephyr Teachout on Twitter | Last night's debate!
Never forget to follow the money, folks. A man named Mel Sembler is bankrolling the campaign against medical marijuana in FL. Sembler founded an adolescent drug rehab center that has been sued twice, once for false imprisonment and once for assault. These are the people fighting legalization.
Burr, Ross discuss trade, terror, Social Security
Changing Political and Economic Viewpoints of Generation Y & Z (Millennials)
Why isn't Bernie supporting the down ballot candidates like he said he would?
No matter who vote for as President, please remember to vote for downballot Democrats so we can keep what progress we have made.
Correct the Record = Domestic Terrorism
Will /r/Political_Revolution endorse a POTUS nominee?
Comedian Sarah Silverman sends Fundraising plea for Russ Fiengold
#MrsClintonWeDontWantWW3 #MrsClintonWeWantPeace
8 Reasons why Californians should vote no on PROP 64
Julian Assange Is A Planetary Hero
Paul Ryan would like to remind us: A democratic senate majority would put Bernie Sanders at the head of the Senate Budget Committee
How Dictatorships Are Born
Sanders on WikiLeaks reveals: Look forward, not backward
Ben & Jerry's Ice Cream Co Formally Comes Out In Support of Black Lives Matter: "Choosing to be silent in the face of such injustice is not an option."
Bernie Sanders is the most-liked politician in the United States. What does that mean for the future of left politics here?
Who is "greenascanbe" and why are simple reasonable posts I make getting deleted by it/him/her?
WL - "Julian Assange's internet link has been intentionally severed by a state party. We have activated the appropriate contingency plans."
Vote to have Hillary and Trump asked about Basic Income on Oct 9. debate
2nd Presidential Debate Mega Thread
Call on Bernie to attend NY Supreme Court trial for open primaries
States Keep Weaseling Around Court Orders Blocking GOP Voting Restrictions
Democrats Already Saying Bernie Will Not Chair Senate Budget Committee #ItsATrap
Barbara Boxer Backs California Attorney General to Fill U.S. Senate Seat
Sanders promises to push his platform in Congress after Nov. 8 vote
With Islamophobia on Rise, Right-Wing Militias Threaten Communities in Kansas, Georgia
Sanders among five senators asking Obama to order Dakota pipeline review
Genetically engineered crops are safe, review of studies finds: "...[H
Its Paul Ryan Versus Bernie Sanders, and Sanders Is Winning
Wikileaks - T Gabbard threatened, Ex-DNC Chair Debbie & current DNC Chair Donna Brazile working for Clinton since Jan'16
President Obama endorses Teachout
According to WikiLeaks, a "state party" has cut Assange's internet connection
Call or Donate or use Social Media FOR TEACHOUT! her opponent who takes money from GE, fracking, hedgefund faso wants to privatize social security!!!!http://www.zephyrteachoutforcongress.com/news
Sanders absolves Clinton on hacked emails, but other voices on the left are angry
Actress Shailene Woodley Reveals She Was Strip-Searched After Her Arrest Protesting Dakota Pipeline
We have money to fight climate change. It's just that we're spending it on defense | "Were spending 28 times as much on military security than climate security."
Suspicious of Our Revolution
CNN Tells Viewers It's Illegal For Them To Read Wikileaks Document Dumps. CNN Is Wrong
25/10/2016 - our democracy has been hacked
Standing Up against NoDAPL will for the chand for wind, solar, hydro, biomass and new fuels! Save The Earth No DAPL https://www.reddit.com/r/NoDAPL/comments/52ac8g/dakota_access_pipeline_what_you_can_do/
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 27, 2016
'Walking while trans' can be a death sentence in the U.S.
Some people here need to get their facts straight - Guiding Principles of Black Lives Matter
Bernies Beef with Big Soda: Advertising from the American Beverage Association that implies that I oppose ballot items in San Francisco and Oakland that would place a tax on drinks with sugar are false. ... I have asked the American Beverage Association to stop using my name
The REAL vote rigging: Republicans make it harder for millions to vote in 2016 elections.
Video for socialist campaign: Vote Gloria La Riva 2016!
Can We Just Have Posts on Down Ballot Candidates Ballots and Measures except for No DAPL and no TPP& BLM?
Ohio Secretary of State doing a Twitter town hall #AskSOSHusted
Grass Root Media Project and a Few Questions
Tattoo the ppm of carbon in the air in your birth year
I have had ENOUGH. The time for change is NOW (X-POST)
Friends: I've been gone for awhile, but I'm back now. And I want you to help the state of New York put an end to Governor Cuomo's awful Nuclear Bailout. Can you share this with your NY friends?
The Bullying of Pramila Jayapal
Elizabeth Warrens Power On The Rise
Katie McGinty on Twitter | "Katie and I believe we have got to end this disgrace in America where women are making 79 on the dollar for men." - Bernie Sanders
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 05, 2016
Congressional GMO Voters Guide: Who Sold Out the Right to Know
'Hate Crime': Video Shows Truck Plowing Into Indigenous Rights Rally
Working class white men have lower incomes than they did in 1996  x-post /r/news
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 24, 2016
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 04, 2016
The End of Liberalism: Crowdfunding for Fascists
Why this white pastor is not saying all lives matter
Green Groups Warn Deal to Lower Aviation Pollution is 'Weak Shell Game'
Black Lives Matter tactics prompt questions about true aims of social justice movement - Washington Times
Innocent woman forcibly stripped by male Ohio police officers and left nude in a jail cell for SIX HOURS.  x-post /r/TwoXChromosomes
Happy Halloween! Guess what is SCARY? Not getting on the phone, using social media or donating Down Ballot Candidates or Measures! I am asking you to make 8 calls, or 8 tweets or donate 8 dollars. WE HAVE EIGHT DAYS LEFT!
Bitter Senate debate reflects tightening race between Rubio, Murphy
Here is what pual ruan sent to his followers on his email
Wikileaks Mega Thread 4.0 - Podesta E-mails
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 06, 2016
Oregon Police Reform Activist Launches Write-In Candidacy for Sheriff
Broward county - which judges are liberal? Also, can someone explain amendment 1 to me about the solar panel? No or yes ?
Phonebank Pizza Party?
Curt Schilling Planning Senate Run Against Elizabeth Warren
KING: Young football team has season canceled for taking a knee
The Next Phase in Bernies Revolution Has Already Begun
10 races Democrats must win to take the House
Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren Lead the Charge: Arrest Wells Fargo Executives Over Fraud Cases!
Donna Brazile Fired From CNN [5:31-7:32 Only
Yahoo let the NSA read your email before you even opened it. Yahoo was just revealed to be the very first US internet company to build a program, at the request of US Intelligence Services, to search every single incoming message of every single user in real time.  x-post /r/technology
Coalition forms to fight NY nuclear bailout
We Still Have to Fight the TPP
xpost, [AMA Request
CFP on Twitter | TODAY's phonebanking OPPORTUNITY! https://go.ourrevolution.com/page/content/phonebank/  @saraniccoli, @ColoradoCareYES, Melvin Willis & Ben Choi, #Yeson61, #yesOn59
Will A World In Turmoil Actually Lead To World Peace?
The Government plans on selling public lands for Oil and Gas in Ohio. Help us #KeepWayneWild
Should we have only one political party
Court Rules CFPB's Structure Is Unconstitutional
If Trump's sexual assault brags have doomed him (polls will show in coming days/weeks), political attention for things other than the presidential election becomes possible. So, what can we do to prepare for that? Where can we draw political attention to most support a political revolution?
Josh Fox wants you to watch Gasland. Watch it on The Ohio Revolution.
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 13, 2016
Small-Donor Contributions Can't Compete With Those Allowed by Citizens United
Race for Senate Control on a 'Razor's Edge'
Bill Clinton Attacks Obamacare
How the Washington Post killed Bernie Sanders candidacy
Could the campaigns of 2016 result in the greatest American left wing victory since the 1960s?
Bernie Sanders For Senate Budget Committee Chairman!
People For Bernie on Twitter | It's going down on Alcatraz. This #IndigenousPeoplesDay, we honor the struggle of Native People and join their cause against #DAPL. #NoDAPL
List of Senators Committed To or Likely To Vote FOR The American Opportunity Climate Fee Act and to Fight Climate Change.
Important discussion on the best steps going forward to raise support and awareness for downballot progressive candidates. Let's hear what the rest of the community's thoughts are on this subject of improving our effectiveness as a subreddit.
IN 10 Seconds I called My friend in L.A. To vote yes on prop 61. I called the White house for NoDAPL!
Voting Machines Can Be Compromised
The Man Who Built Clinton World
Bernie Sanders: "Open borders? That's a Koch brothers proposal"
Cop fired after admitting he targeted black drivers in Facebook post: "...[M
Breaking: "Riot" Charges Against Amy Goodman Dismissed in Press Freedom Victory
In Hindsight, Backers of Bernie Sanders Lament What Might Have Been
Vote For Corporate Dem Patrick Murphy! He less Crappy than rubio and actually says he is against fracking!
More 'Delay and Deceit' as Exxon Tries to Block Climate Change Investigation
October has just been a remarkable month for climate policy
4 Reasons the Paris Agreement Wont Solve Climate Change
Daylin for Congress
WikiLeaks Top 10
Bernie Sanders Wades Into Oregon Politics, Endorses Measure 97 . News
Green Party candidate Myles Hoenig - Capitalism is the Root Cause of Our Problems - Let's get this guy some cash
Gallup: Nationwide Support for marijuana legalization surges to 60%
US Officially Enters War with Yemen Amid Charges of Saudi War Crimes
If Nature Is Sacred, Capitalism Is Wicked
Bernie Sanders on Twitter | I know this is a radical idea, but we have to inject morality into our political process.
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 16, 2016
Find your local ballot measures here! Sixty-three state supreme courts and intermediate appellate courts across 34 states are holding elections in 2016, at last count in October 2016. Out of 267 total seats to be elected in 2016, NO LESS THAN 236 will be elected on November 8!!!
Came across this somewhat-old new story.
What progressive idea have you seen catch on among people you know?
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: 'Burning the oil transported through the Dakota Access Pipeline would produce carbon emissions equivalent to 21 million cars.'
In Key Swing State of Ohio, Thousands of Voters' Rights Restored With Weeks to Go
Bernie Sanders, the Most Popular Politician in America
Fix forecast for Governors races
Racial Stereotyping is the "Worst Thing" for Our Criminal Justice System
Yahoo disables email forwarding for users fleeing server
Bernie Sanders: Obama Administration Should Kill The AT&T-Time Warner Deal: Higher Prices & Fewer Choices
Karl Marx, Yesterday and Today: The nineteenth-century philosophers ideas may help us to understand the economic and political inequality of our time.
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 10, 2016
Meet The Muslim Woman Running For State Legislature In Minnesota
Changing Political and Economic Viewpoints of Generation Y & Z (Millennials)
You Say Vote
The P in PBS Should Stand for Plutocratic or Pentagon (from @Truthdig)
The Associated Press on Twitter | BREAKING: The federal government says millions of Social Security recipients will get a 0.3 percent increase in benefits next year.
NPR Says that Protection for Doctors, Pharma, Might Lead to War
Join us tomorrow at 5 EST for an AMA with @wakely2016. A progressive in TX running against a VERY red Republican. wakely2016.com
Stop Politics as Usual! (Cizek for AZ House Campaign Video)
GOP's early vote worries mount
How many progressive nominees for Congress are there to actually vote for on November 8th?
Hey guys so today's the last day to register in NV to vote, and I don't know what party to register to.
Can we just agree that until at least november we establish that there is a scale of how we should be looking into candidates
Police officer cleared in fatal shooting of man pointing gun
Robert Rubin, the Man Who Gave Us Bubble Driven Growth, Shares His Wisdom in the WaPo
/r/politics is holding a Town Hall today on Healthcare Ballot Measures (CA 52 & 61, CO 69, NV 4, and WA 14). Representatives from the "support" and "oppose" side for each were invited to respond to questions :)
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 07, 2016
Bernie Sanders is a BEAST - Bold Leadership
CNN severs ties with Donna Brazile
Why is this sub so inactive?
A solution which could legitimize Third Parties and end the Spoiler Effect
Pentagon Video Warns of Unavoidable Dystopian Future for Worlds Biggest Cities
Person for Congress  /r/PoliticalRevolutionSC
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 03, 2016
In Place of Capitalism: The Case For Socialism
I just got an email from Nancy Pelosi endorsing Morgan Carroll. This is a terrible idea.
NJ Vote question: (Gas tax related).
Why local elections are more important than national elections
Meet the senators: Ron Johnson works to raise his profile among voters while Russ Feingold tries to reintroduce himself
What does everyone here think about the proposed amendments and candidates on the AL ballot?
Stop Saying The System Is Broken, Its This Way On Purpose | Commentary by Shaun King
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 29, 2016
Candidate with progressive agenda running for the Florida Senate. An alternative Marco Rubio and Patrick Murphy.
One election-system vendor uses developers in Serbia
Experts Find Evidence of Electronic "Vote-Flipping" in Tim Canova Loss to Wasserman-Schultz, Call for Recount
Wages Are so Stagnant Even the Federal Reserve Has Begun to Notice
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 11, 2016
TIL in 2002, Republican Consultant & Pollster, Frank Luntz wrote a memo to the Bush Administration stating "The scientific debate is closing ... but not yet closed" and they should reframe from using the term "global warming", instead use "climate change" as "climate change" sounds less severe
CNN didn't say it's illegal to sing about Wikileaks
ColoradoCare - Do the Math
Your Democracy Has Been Stolen; It's Time For Revolution
Nevada elections chief refuses to accommodate Native Americans who have to drive 200 miles to vote
'Get the Insurance Companies the Hell Out' of Healthcare System
Obama endorsed Zephyr, Bernie endorsed Zephyr! What's not to love? Donate $10 to show that YOU support her as well!
Happy Halloween! Know What's SCARY? Not getting on the phone, using social media or donating Down Ballot Candidates or Measures! I am asking you to make 8 calls, or 8 tweets or donate 8 dollars. WE HAVE EIGHT DAYS LEFT!
Crowdsourcing help requested-- Find candidate info for all MO statewide candidates
Daily Ballot Awareness and Activism Post
Kamala Harris supports Scott Wiener against Bernie endorsed Jane Kim. Vote LORETTA SANCHEZ for Senate
Obama Endorses All the Way Down Ballot
Our Revolution Washington's endorsements: Yes on I-732, I-735, I-1433, I-1464 and ST3/Prop 1  /r/PoliticalRevolutionWA
Strike continues at Libbey Glass factory in Toledo, Ohio
Wisconsin: Voter ID law may introduce obstacles for transgender voters
Democrat ex-Army captain becomes an unlikely challenger in Missouri Senate race thanks to video ad in which he assembles an AR-15 blindfolded in just 32 seconds
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 22, 2016
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 18, 2016
Obama is fed up with all the lies on the internet [and proposes Orwellian measure of "truthiness" to amend problem"
Anonymous - Message to the Citizens of the World VI
Bernie Sanders: "If this election has taught us anything, it's that the American people are sick and tired of the economic, political and media status quo."
This election is a massive opportunity.
In PA Katie McGinty vs Toomy for senate Race She is Winning by a Nose! Close Race! Dead Heat! 42 Katie McGinty 41.5 Toomy
Scientists Accidentally Discover Efficient Process to Turn CO2 Into Ethanol
Head of nation's largest police chief group issues formal apology for 'historical mistreatment' of racial minorities
Warren Calls For Obama To Fire SEC Chairwoman | "Sen. Elizabeth Warren hit out at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Chair Mary Jo White for her failure to develop new rules that would require corporations to disclose their political contributions."
Progressives, how do you feel about statements like these?
Syria conflict: US calls for Russia and Syria war crimes probe - BBC News
Did Paul Ryan just hand Democrats the Senate?
Richard Burr tries to attack Deborah Ross, bites his own ass
Senate Map Remains a Tossup in Final Week | RealClearPolitics
Rodolfo Rivera Munoz, Native American San Antonio Lawyer-Green Party of Texas for Texas Supreme Court
From Black Lives Matter to the Fight for $15: Why Americans Are in Revolt
Anonymous Message to North Dakota Governor Jack Dalrymple
Shaun King: Colin Kaepernick is Enormously Courageous and Has Sparked a Movement Among Athletes
Some plan to vote NO on legal weed in Nov. due to regulation, taxation, implementation, etc. It's about more than cheap weed and small business, folks! It's about freedom! Have fun telling a friend who gets jailed next year that you voted no because of $300 ounces and corporate takeovers. Vote yes!
Bernie Sanders Is Running a Shadow Campaign
Our Revolution supporters helped almost 50 candidates via almost 100k contributions
After Corbyns victory: socialism the only way forward
Liberalism is still alive  its neoliberalism thats the problem | David Boyle | Opinion
TYT's Jimmy Dore: Democrats Are Restarting The Cold War To Hide From WikiLeaks
Americans dont know crime has plummeted. In fact, they think its gone up.
Fight For Deborah Ross! North Carolina! Flip The Senate! So Many Exciting Reasons! Top Ten Reasons!
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 30, 2016
Daily Ballot Awareness and Activism Post
This Board Game Is Training Political Revolutionaries
Inclusion of Territories
California and New York Lead the Way on Regulating Online Education
"America Divided": New TV Series Explores Inequality from Water to Housing to Mass Incarceration
Bad Trade Deals are Incompatible with Climate Action
CA- Prop 61 Update- SUN 10-9-2016, Yes on 61 images for posting, 12 background links
Super PACs spend millions to target Feingold
Roaming Charges: a Wikileak is a Terrible Thing to Waste
Arpaio's opponent Paul Penzone is UP by 10 points! (after the Arizona Republic endorsed him for Sheriff)
Bernie Sanders Campaign Staffers Write New Rule Book For Political Organizing
Russ Feingold on Twitter | Former GOP State Sen. Barbara Lorman is proud to endorse Russ: "Russ has a record of standing up to both parties to get things done for WI."
Students in California cast 13,084 votes for socialism
Howard Dean: How to Move Beyond the Two-Party System
Nina Turner: Out of Touch Politicians Drowning Middle Class
This election sucks.
Memo Shows What Major Donors Like Goldman Sachs Want From Democratic Party
Sign up for The Political Revolution's official email list, and receive information about volunteer possibilities, donation drives, and important downballot issues. It's time to #FlipTheSenate, and we need your help.
Frank Zona Cares About Our Drinking Water in Ohio! Get to Know Him. District 69 Needs Him.
Senate Dems to DOJ: Don't Let Wells Fargo Executives Off the Hook
FBI throws curveball into race for Senate
How do you feel about open borders?
Third Presidential Debate Mega Thread
Can we please show Congressman Ted Lieu (D-CA) some love for trying to stem civilian carnage in Yemen?
Bernie Sanders on Twitter "Election Day should be a national holiday so that everyone has the opportunity to vote."
Electric Floors Could Generate Renewable Energy From Walking
John Legend tells Arizonans to vote for Paul Penzone
NEBRASKA: Last Day to Register to Vote by Mail is Friday, Oct 21, 2016 by 6 PM  /r/PoliticalRevolutionNE
Feds believe Russians hacked Florida election-systems vendor
Bernie Sanders at CU Boulder: 'Stand tall and vote yes on Amendment 69'
Even the guards are joining the #PrisonStrike in this Alabama prison
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 12, 2016
All of my work for Bernie Sanders has been in vain. And its okay.
Is America Destined For Revolution or Fascism? | Robert Scheer Interview  /r/jimmydore
The Coming Insurrection - The Invisible Committee
Elizabeth Warren: End Corporate Tax "Holidays"
FL- Federal Judge says FL Sec Of State actions amounted to an undeclared war on the right to vote in FL /// USA in Nov  Will It Be Rigged? Will It Be Hacked? Fact-Based Discussion of Our Vulnerable U.S. Elections  5 new links
[Link to article in comments
Jim Barksdale hires high-profile Bernie Sanders veteran in Senate campaign revamp
Progressive Coders updates: Operations, Ways to Volunteer, and ColoradoCare  The Progressive Coder
Journalist Amy Goodman Shouldn't Be Arrested for Covering Dakota Pipeline Story
Sen. Elizabeth Warren goes on tirade after Wells Fargo CEO John Stumpf retires
Friends: Bernie Sanders himself has a request for all of us. TODAY, at 1:00 PM ET, @BernieSanders will kick off a push to get a hashtag trending on Twitter. AND HE NEEDS OUR HELP. I assure you, this will be worth it.
With only a few short weeks until the General Election, will you phonebank for down-ballot progressives and ballot initiatives?#FlipTheSenate #FlipTheHouse
Clintonites, the Liberal Elite and the Democratic Party are Ideologically and Politically Compromised by the Ruling Class. No Honeymoon Period After November 8th.
I am so tired of hearing Bernie Sanders cannot be (X) because he is not a Democrat. Bernie Sanders is real democrat who runs as an Independent to vote slightly differently than the Corporate Cronies
The DNC platform, and our role as progressives to fight for it.
Deadline for mail or online new voter registration, address change and other updates is Monday, Oct 10, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionDC
A time for leadership - The Boston Globe - By Bernie Sanders
Total cost of 2016 election could reach $6.6 billion, CRP predicts
How to Make Free Trade an Easier Sell
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 20, 2016
Winning Rural Ohio  /r/PoliticalRevolutionOH
Cop Smashes Handcuffed Black Man's Head Into Windshield (video)
Minnesota nurses reject sellout contract, continue strike
Dakota Access pipeline protesters occupy Hillary Clinton campaign HQ
Reminder: Ranked Choice Voting (RCV) is on the Maine ballot this year. It has majority support in polls -- but make sure you get the word out to any Maine residents you know! And consider supporting FairVote.org!
Bernie "short" email.
WHY IT MATTERS: LGBT | Same-sex marriage is now the law of the land, but there are other battlegrounds related to civil rights and nondiscrimination protections for lesbians, gays, bisexuals and transgender people.
Top Climate Scientist: Tax Fossil Fuels to Save Younger Generations' Future
Zephyr Teachout on Twitter: "My new TV ad, out this morning! The flood of negative, misleading ads is part of everything that's wrong with politics"
Thank you Bernie Sanders.
Donna Braziles Deception Is a Symbol For the Big Media Lie
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 26, 2016
Special Report: Democratic House Officials Recruited Wealthy Conservatives
The Lucrative Road From Congress to Corporate Boards
REPORT: US Corporations Hiding TRILLIONS In Tax Havens
Luke Quillen for the South Carolina House of Representatives, District 34  /r/PoliticalRevolutionSC
Wikileaks Mega Thread 3.0 - Podesta E-mails
Bernie Looks Ahead
Have a question for @JohnFasoNy or @ZephyrTeachout for the debate Thurs at 8pm? Use #NY19. RSVP, tune in or stream: http://bit.ly/2dK7aa6
National Coming Out Day 2016 Quotes: 11 Sayings From LGBT Rights Advocates About Being Yourself
Polling Points to Support for Pot Legalization Efforts in Five States
Tom Hayden, the Complicated Radical
Want Transit? Get It on the Ballot!
/r/politics Town Hall: State Ballot Measures about Gun Laws (CA, ME, NV, WA)  /r/politics
[Negative Ad
Jesse James Blues-Project Vote
Divided America: Yearning for unity, enduring divisiveness
IDAHO! First day to begin Early Voting at the Early Voting polling place for the General Election (November 8) for those counties who elect to conduct Early Voting Monday, Oct 24, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionID
DELAWARE! Deadline for Uniformed Services Members and Overseas Citizens to Register to Vote before the General Election. Monday, Oct 24, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionDE
Volcker and Peterson: Ignoring the Lack of Demand Problem
Obama mocks Marco in Miami
Going Local in the Fight Against Inequality
What We Talk About When We Dont Want to Talk About Nuclear War
Democrats look poised to retake Senate majority #FlipTheSenate
How to Support Standing Rock and Confront What It Means to Live on Stolen Land
Impacted Communities Take Fight Against Dakota Access to Corporate Heads
Community Forum and Open Discussion
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 23, 2016
WestCoastRevolution on Twitter | #AlwaysAFanOf getting big money out of elections? See you Oct. 20th at Washington Hall, Nina Turner as Keynote! RSVP:http://wamend.org
Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram surveillance tool was used to arrest Baltimore protestors
Harvard Dining Services Picket in Historic Strike | News | The Harvard Crimson
Planet Reaches Hottest In 115,000 Years
Zephyr Teachout on Twitter | For new followers and people making up their mind, a video we made a while back on independent biz! Watch and share!
Fracking Industry's New Plan? Prosecute Those Who Push Drilling Bans
Register to Vote before the General Election is Saturday, Oct 15, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionDE
Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer Says Top Priority for Next Year Is Giant Corporate Tax Cut
Syria War Propaganda Drumming Up Hard, Corporate Media is LYING Again
The Democrats are likely to win a majority of House votes, but not a majority of House seats. Again.
Can Affordable Housing Activists Save New York?
Our Revolution on Twitter: We stand with Nevadans asking #NVLeg to vote down SB1, which would be a raw deal for NV taxpayers & a handout to a billionaire. #StadiumScam
The Death Penalty, Nearing Its End | "For the first time in nearly half a century, less than half of Americans said they support the death penalty..."
Important endorsement today from the @ActiveRetirees (Alliance for Retired Americans)! Their endorsement letter: http://pramilaforcongress.com/ara
Introducing the Universal Income Project
What American activism looks like in 2016 [photographer covering many recent events/actions
Posting New Secret Trade Docs, Wikileaks Further Exposes Corporate Plot
Fact check: Marijuana tax claim a puff of smoke in Prop 205 ad
Hiding US Role in Yemen Slaughter So Bombing Can Be Sold as Self-Defense
Non-cable Internet providers offer faster speeds to the wealthy
Celebrate Love and Support LGBTQ people across the globe : #NationalComingOutDay
Cybersecurity: Ensuring the Integrity of the Ballot Box - United States House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform
Ohio: The fight for our water
Jane O'Meara Sanders on Twitter: Call your Senators & candidates. Where do they stand on #NoDAPL. Tell them to support @SenSanders' review. Call WH.
The Quiet Desperation of Millennials
Our Revolution on Twitter | Oscar Lopez Rivera has served 34 years in prison for his commitment to Puerto Rico's independence. President Obama, it's time to let him out.
Forget the FBI Cache; Podesta Emails Show How America Is Run
Capitalism Is Doomed  Without Alternatives, So Are We
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 25, 2016
Oil Disasters Redefined as 'Gas Hikes' While Pipeline Industry Receives Billions in Subsidies
We, as well as People for Bernie and Save Main Street are hosting a fundraiser for Zephyr! Sign up for the thunderclap.
How to get justice after the Wells Fargo scandal
Late register for most elections at the county election office or the designated location beginning 29 days before election day, and through 8 p.m. on election day. Regular voter registration closes at 5 p.m. thirty days before election day.  /r/PoliticalRevolutionMT
Bernie Sanders will be holding a Rally this Friday, Oct. 14th at UCLA California to support Prop. 61!! "Prop.61 will be a real blow against the greedy pharmaceutical industry that will reverberate all over America."
Wikileaks Mega Thread - Podesta E-mails
The DEA spent $73,000 to eradicate marijuana plants in Utah. It didnt find any.
Pretty disgusting hit piece against NJ-7 Berniecrat Peter Jacob, by opponent and long-time Republican incumbent, Leonard Lance.
Quinnipiac poll: Senate race tightens, too close to call between Rubio, Murphy
Sign the petition!! Tell President Obama: Stop the Dakota Access oil pipeline. #NoDAPL
Not going to be around on election day? Make sure you know your absentee ballot information to ensure your vote is counted!! Follow this link for absentee ballot information for **ALL 50 STATES!!**
David Zuckerman Ahead by 17 points in Vermont, Sue Minter Behind by 1 point
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 15, 2016
Opinion: Latinos, we are indigenous, the #NoDAPL fight is ours as well
Let's donate to @TulsiGabbard as a thank you for her bravery and convictions.
Fight For Deborah Ross! North Carolina! Flip The Senate! So Many Exciting Reasons! Top Ten Reasons!
The FCC just passed sweeping new rules to protect your online privacy
The Vietnam War and Our Latest war on Yemen Have One Thing in Common: Nonexistent Attacks
Daily Ballot Awareness and Activism Post
Russ Feingold Will Preserve The Mortgage Interest Deduction in Wisconsin! This will help Families keep their homes!
Question about finding down-ballot candidates
Bresha Meadows "Hero or Muderer"
 Amy Goodman Is Facing Prison for Reporting on the Dakota Access Pipeline. That Should Scare Us All.
Snowden: 'Journalists Are a Threatened Class' in Era of Mass Surveillance
Drug cops raid an 81-year-old woman's garden to take out single plant
(Oregon) Don't Shoot Portland's Teressa Raiford announces a write-in campaign for Multnomah Co. Sheriff (there is currently only one candidate on the ballot running uncontested: the unelected incumbent, Mike Reese)
[Maine
Death Sentences Require Unanimous Jury, Florida Supreme Court Rules  /r/PoliticalRevolutionFL
Jim Burke, democratic nominee for Texas house district 114, is doing an AMA in /r/politics!
"Senate Update: The Last Week Has Been Very Kind To Democrats' Hopes For A Majority" and also a Bernie Chairmanship of Budget or HELP
Wells Fargo: John Stumph may get $134 Million Exit Package
Has anyone else in the community become seriously concerned about this sub?
Bernie Sanders Told Supporters To Run For Office  And This Wichitan Is
Wall Street Braces for New Democratic Muscle in the Senate - A tougher regulatory environment pushed by Elizabeth Warren concerns big banks
The Debates Are Over, and No One Asked About Climate Change
I have been to all 165 towns in the 19th CD, and everywhere I go, I hear the same thing: let's get Congress working again, for the PEOPLE.
Zephyr Teachout on Twitter | Thank you @SenWarren for your great endorsement! I would love to work with you in Congress! #NY19.
Armed With Riot Gear, Militarized Police Begin Forcibly Clearing DAPL Protest Camp
How Deep Will 2016's Blue Wave Be? Progressives Push Many Candidates and Issues Up and Down Political Ladder
Early Voters! In many states and counties you can check the status of your ballot.
Message from Russ Feingold | Let's take back the Senate
Tulsa Gabbard has a question for the debate
Talking Point For Teachout !She will Lower Property taxes! Which have gone up 43% while her oppenant faso has been in office
[Essay
Reps. Barbara Lee and Linda Snchez are squaring off in the race to become vice chairman of the Democratic Caucus
Paul Penzone releases campaign ad attacking Sheriff Joe Arpaio
Big pharma is spending big to keep CA voters from passing a first-in-nation law meant to cut prescription drugs' cost
How can those of us overseas help with the Political Revolution?
The Progressive Tax Reform You've Never Heard Of
Trying to come up from Chicago to canvass for Feingold - Anyone have office locations &amp; phone numbers?  /r/PoliticalRevolutionWI
Businesses brace for Obama overtime rule
/r/politics Town Hall: State Ballot Measures about Marijuana (AR, AZ, CA, FL, MA, ME, MT, NV, ND)  /r/politics
Now Go To your Left for phone bank for endorsed candidates CALL FOR PROP 61 Lower medications! This will make bernie very powerful and help us all! Look at what else is available to call on!
Tennessees Free College Program Is Popular, But Will It Succeed?
Hundreds attend Rock Against the TPP concert in Boston to protest the Trans-Pacific Partnership deal
Is the "people's PAC" alluded to in this email Our Revolution?
Eleven Theses for the Bernie Sanders Generation
House 2016: Where the races stand
Let's FOCUS! Forget POTUS! Flip the Senate and Rock the House! Call for Teachout, Donate or use Social Media! Focus on all the great down ballot candidates! Russ Feingold All of them The Time Is NOW!
Why are very few people phone banking for ColoradoCare?
The first voter registration deadlines are Sat Oct 8. Register today! Find out the deadline for your state
A Universal Basic Income Would Insure Against Job Loss
Paul Ryan Uses Bernie Sanders As the ULTIMATE Scare Tactic
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 17, 2016
Full Interview: Sen. Bernie Sanders On HBOs "Real time with Bill Maher" | October 14, 2016
How can I help Maine's Question 5 (Ranked Choice Voting)?
Federal judge extends Florida voter registration deadline
Tim Canova's "Progress For All" Pac is pushing for open primaries, non partisan elections, election integrity, and more for Florida via 2018 ballot measures
Hey Real Journalists, Are There Any Of You Left In There?
Senior House Republicans fighting for their lives.
The Progressive Case for Replacing the Welfare State with Basic Income
Wikileaks Mega Thread 2.0 - Podesta E-mails
Russ Feingold on Twitter: Join Russ and @BernieSanders for an exciting event in Madison TOMORROW!
Hi r/Political_Revolution! I am Tom Wakely. A progressive Texan looking to unseat Lamar Smith (R) in TX's 21st Congressional District. AMA!
Paul Ryan: Dem Party 'run by Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren'
The Real Reason We're In Syria Is Enraging But Not Surprising
I just read an article explaining how gerrymandering is going to keep a lot of old republicans in their senate and house seats this election, despite getting less votes. How do we raise awareness of just how bad this is? How do we make this an issue?
Daily Ballot Awareness and Activism Post
Governor of IL donates at least $9 million to candidates. Regardless of party, seems wrong for a public servant, right?
Internal Watchdog Blasts EPA's Egregious Delay on Flint Emergency Order
On Strip Searches and Press Freedom in North Dakota
32+ New Honest Election Resource Links  CSOonlines new site of technical election hacking stories, Open Source Election Technology resources links, PA updates
45 Years After Attica Uprising, Prisoners Are Rebelling Again
Who'll save Social Security, Medicare? Russ Feingold, Ron Johnson each say it's them
Pledge to #VoteClimate
Battleground states still fighting over voting laws, potential Election Day confusion
'Jimmy John' supports Arpaio, the sheriff who was charged with contempt for enforcing racist policies!
Top Democrats steamed that party letting Rubio skate
How do I figure out which non-presidential candidate to vote for?
The Pentagons Terminator Conundrum: Robots That Could Kill on Their Own - The United States has put artificial intelligence at the center of its defense strategy, with weapons that can identify targets and make decisions.
CSS Changes and State Flag Flair
ILLINOIS! First Day for Early Voting at Permanent Polling Places other than the Office of the Election Authority. These permanent polling places are to be open on holidays, Saturdays and Sundays. Monday, Oct 24, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionIL
Sustainability is Destroying the Earth
Where do I find out who I'd want to vote for in MN?
Five thousand faculty strike at Pennsylvania state campuses
David Graeber on the Value of Work
WEST VIRGINIA: Deadline to register to vote for the General Election is Tuesday, Oct 18, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionWV
A simple proposal for funding universal healthcare.
Senate 2016: Where the races stand
Racial Inequality  Mirror for America
Watch Faso-Teachout debate Thursday evening
Will The Nations Capital Become a National Leader on Paid Leave?
Jordan & AFL-CIO President: "Washington Is Our Enemy"
A New Report Reveals The Real Story About Payday Lenders
6 Million Adults Who Won't Influence This Presidential Race
Message from Bernie | I hear you want me to have a gavel
Deadline to register to vote for November 8 Election is Monday, Oct 10, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionAR
"In 2017 Social Security Benefits are going up $4.00* dollars a month. Not. Good. Enough."
NY-19: Obama Endorses Teachout (Updated)
All that anger and frustration you have about this year's election? Write a note to your self to read early next year, reminding yourself to STAY ENGAGED. Keep the pressure on in 2017 and 2018, get anything we can done, and make sure 2018 and 2020 elections are different.
'Either We Destroy War or It Will Destroy Us': Happy Birthday, Philip Berrigan
Report Shows US Corporate Tax Dodging Still Rampant, Still Legal
Last Day to Register to Vote in General Election (in person) is Tuesday, Oct 11, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionTN
Voter Registration Deadline, 12:00 p.m. Circuit Clerks's Offices MUST remain open from 8:00 a.m. until 12:00 p.m. Mail-In Registration Applications must be postmarked no later than Saturday, October 8, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionMS
Community Town Hall and Meta Discussion - Pivoting to Post-Election Strategy
Last day to register for November general election is Tuesday, Oct 11, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionMI
@BernieSanders: "I heard what @SpeakerRyan said: If the GOP loses the Senate, I'll be the Budget chairman. Sounds like a good idea."
Senate Race in Illinois Leaning Democratic
Voter Registration Deadline - General Election Voter registration application must be postmarked by deadline date, Monday, Oct 10, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionHI
A gay, American Indian, Democratic woman from Montana was nominated to run for House of Representatives
There Can Be No Progressive Agenda Until There's Democracy In America
Our Revolution now has a calling schedule up for candidates like Zephyr Teachout (NY), Gary Kroeger (IO), Pramila Jayapal (WA), and even for propositions like ColoradoCare!! Change can only take place from the bottom-up; help us shape the future of America by making ten calls today!!
Americans Are Dying Faster. Millennials, Too
Obama administration confirms double-digit premium hikes
This Democrat wants to turn a red stronghold purple  by being more liberal
Dumb & Dumber Claims About Last Week's Internet Attack (SOPA?!? Really?)
Putting Family Policy on the Governing Agenda
Daily Ballot Awareness and Activism Post
Standing Rock Sioux Tribe makes space on reservation land for DAPL protest camps to move
Diversity, balance essential for Florida's constitutional panel
Avoiding collapse: Grand challenges for science and society to solve by 2050 - MAHB
Lawsuit Against the EPA Could Thwart U.S. Compliance with the Paris Agreement
Paul Ryan warns of doomsday scenario: Bernie Sanders as Budget Committee chair
Zephyr Teachout on Twitter | What are you doing this weekend? What beats door knocking in #ny19? Join us! http://www.zephyrteachout.com
Support for Legal Marijuana Use Up to 60% in U.S.
After Election, Tension Between Liberal and Centrist Democrats in Congress May Surface Quickly - Washington Wire
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "Too many young people with a burning desire to get a higher education are unable to do that for one reason: their family lacks the money."
The US just bombed Yemen, and no one's talking about it
Watch live: Republican Sen. Mike Lee debates with Democratic challenger Misty Snow in U.S. Senate race
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "If you want to understand why we pay such high drug prices listen to this: Since 1998 the drug industry has spent $3 billion on lobbying."
Ralph Nader Interviews Noam Chomsky. Very relevant to the goals of this subreddit
Help end the War on Drugs - Yes on 4 to regulate and tax marijuana  /r/PoliticalRevolutionMA
Obama endorses Zephyr Teachout in NY-19 race
Russ Feingold for Senate Wisconsin! He will raise the minimum wage!
Obama Worries Future Presidents Will Wage Perpetual, Covert Drone War
Corporations Avoid Taxes By Offshoring $2.5 Trillion  More Than The GDP Of France
Chicago Teachers Prepare for Battle: Chicago teachers have voted overwhelmingly to strike in the face of concession demands and austerity.
Last Day to Register to Vote in November 8 General Election is Tuesday, Oct 11, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionTX
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 02, 2016
Bernie Sanders on Twitter | The Democratic platform is a very progressive document but no president will be able to implement it unless millions of people stand up.
Do Not Resist: The Police Militarization Documentary Everyone Should See
Bernie Sanders: Heres what Ill do the day after the election
Misty K Snow on Twitter | We are supposed to have a government of, by, and for the people; not a government of, by, and for the millionaires. #UTPol #Flipthesenate
Rebranding Bernie: The Sanders revolution will evolve into a sticky political movement (Jim Hightower)
This is your LAST REMINDER, folks. There is WAY MORE than Trump & Clinton on the ballot. 9 states are voting on weed. A few are voting on raising the min. wage. CO is voting on single payer healthcare. Many registration deadlines begin NEXT WEEK. Get registered NOW. Then register 5 friends as well.
A single Bernie Sanders tweet cost this pharma company $387 million
Six Gulf Protectors Arrested Challenging Gulf Oil Drilling
California's State Propositions - A quick nonpartisan guide to help decide
Ranked-Choice Voting Explained with Pokmon (Maine Referendum Question #5 2016)
IOWA! Last Day to Register to Vote for November 8th General Election Saturday, Oct 29, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionIA
United in fossil-fuel fight, NW tribes inspire N.D. pipeline foes  /r/PoliticalRevolutionWA
Earth to Regulators: If You're Going to (Hopefully) Ding John Stumpf, Don't Miss Henry Kravis, Leon Black, et al.
UnKoch My Campus!
Prop 205, Prop 206: Two Progressive Propositions  /r/PoliticalRevolutionAZ
U.S. Government Just Declared WAR On Native Americans, State Gives Cops the Green Light To Shoot DAPL Protesters On Sight - Counter Current News
State Senate race locked in furious dead heat between Kim, Wiener  /r/PoliticalRevolutionCA
Last Day to Register to Vote for November 8 General Election is Wednesday, Oct 12, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionMO
The Geniuses Who Brought You the Iraq War Are at It Again
Bernie Sanders "I want to thank [supporters." Jun 27, 2015, 2:40; "We are talking about the real issues that impact the American people."
Why Is the Foreign Policy Establishment Spoiling for More War? Look at Their Donors.
Four More Journalists Face Charges For Covering #NoDAPL
Indigenous People Run Their Own Cellular Network
If the 2008 Podesta emails are any indication, the next four years of public policy are being hashed out right now, behind closed doors. And if liberals want to have an impact on that process, waiting until after the election will be too late.
'This Is My Act of Love': Climate Activists Shut Down All US-Canada Tar Sands Pipelines
For 100 years Planned Parenthood has provided health care to millions of women. We aren't going to defund @PPFA, we're going to expand it.
The ACLU delivers!
AT&T Preps "Media Colossus" with Time Warner at Customers' Expense
Focus on Teachout! Close races! Don't waste time on incumbents that will safely win.
Shailene Woodley Releases Official Statement on Her Arrest "It took me, a white non-native woman being arrested ... to bring this cause to many peoples attention.
As Climate Warms, US Approves 117 Million Ton Coal Mine Expansion
Givers of Courage: Thousands of wild American Bison appear from nowhere at Standing Rock
Sanders: Benefit Increase Too Small for Americans Relying on Social Security
Why The Kurds Should Fascinate Western Liberals
The decline of the middle class is causing even more economic damage than we realized
NYC Votes Releases Official November 8 General Election Guide  /r/PoliticalRevolutionNY
Join Climate Hawks THIS THURSDAY and help raise as much money as possible for 35 progressive climate candidates running for U.S. House! Pledge your support here and share the link!
Extended video review of #NoDAPL resistance since April 1 (starts about 2:40)
Action Alert To Stop Bakken Pipeline in Iowa Saturday - Meet at the Lohrville public library by 10am for civil disobedience training. Get there by noon if you just want to show support. Donate if you can't support in person.
Zephyr Teachout on Twitter | Last night's debate!
Never forget to follow the money, folks. A man named Mel Sembler is bankrolling the campaign against medical marijuana in FL. Sembler founded an adolescent drug rehab center that has been sued twice, once for false imprisonment and once for assault. These are the people fighting legalization.
Burr, Ross discuss trade, terror, Social Security
Dimitri Cherny, Candidate for Congress, District 1 South Carolina  /r/PoliticalRevolutionSC
ICYMI May 2015 - Bernie Sanders really matters: He doesn't have to win to build a progressive movement
Five Years After the Brooklyn Bridge Arrests, the Occupy Wall Street Worth Remembering
New study says many college students don't know where their next meal is coming from
SF: Bernie Sanders Yes on Prop 61 Rally
Join the fight for Prop 61 - Our Revolution
Keith Mundy is running for Congress in Ohio: He is not the rich guy
In Boon for Big Pharma, TTIP Would Lock In High Drug Prices: Report
23 New Election links - 2016 Election hacking confirmed - NSA, DHS, and Letter from Reid, Pelosi, Ryan and McConnell; CICJ Book and Support links, CA, AZ and FL updates
The Billionaire Class is Terrified that Russ Feingold will Return to the Senate
Last day a person may register and be eligible to vote in the General Election/November Special Election /Runoff Election is Tuesday, Oct 11, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionGA
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "The health care system isn't designed to keep us healthy, it's designed to make huuuge profits."
Sanders, Dem Senators Press Obama to Halt ND Pipeline
Political Revolution on Twitter | Today is #NationalComingOutDay. We must continue the fight for LGBTQ rights and acceptance.
Meet Thomas Dixon, Candidate for US Senate South Carolina  /r/PoliticalRevolutionSC
Bernie Sanders taps his donor network to raise nearly $2 million in two days for House, Senate contenders
My opponent Faso, along w/ his big donor Robert Mercer, is still Trump-putting party over principle & decency. #ny19
Shailene Woodley: I Was Arrested Fighting Dakota Pipeline
Halloween Morale Maintenance; Give yourself a break.
Ammon Bundy and Pals Acquitted in Malheur Occupation Trial
Now that early voting has started, here is a reminder of what Pat McCrory has done (for) to North Carolina  /r/NorthCarolina
Call For Renewed Actions In Solidarity With The Prison Strike, October 15-22 - IT'S GOING DOWN
Winning Rural Ohio
Early Voting begins for General Election on Wednesday, Oct 12, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionAZ
Last Day to Register to Vote by Mailing, In-Person &amp; Online is Tuesday, Oct 11, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionUT
Last Day to Register to Vote is Tuesday, Oct 11, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionLA
The state of Washington has the option of passing the nation's first carbon tax (I-732) a policy that will reduce emissions and help the poor
Bernie Sanders on Twitter | Seniors and disabled veterans need more help than a few extra dollars in their monthly checks. We must expand Social Security.
Upcoming documentary series streaming for free about Bernie and our political revolution.. and the mainstream media that tried to silence it. (Correct the Record has already tried to stop this film from coming out)
Nina Turner on Twitter | "Thanks for a great interview. More importantly, thanks for telling the stories of #DisappearingMiddleClass!"
Make Sure You're Informed!! Our Revolution has a list of important Ballot Initiatives for All 50 States; Read up on your state *NOW* so when you get to the booth, you know what to vote for!! Ballot Items are how change is enacted or stopped; take charge of YOUR VOTE today!!
The fight for Universal Healthcare in Colorado needs your help! Calling for people to do phonebanking this weekend. Info inside.
Sanders Announces Bill to Close Tax Loopholes Used by Trump
Actress Shailene Woodley arrested at pipeline protest [with 27 other protectors blocking construction
Bernie Sanders: "We Raised $2.4 Million to Take Back Congress. #ThanksPaul" <--- Join the Social Media Tweetstorm RIGHT NOW!
Tulsi Gabbard petition | Demand Congress act now to criminally investigate and break up Wells Fargo
Bernie Sanders on Twitter | We won't survive if we continue to destroy nature. Until the tribes are consulted, all Dakota Access pipeline construction should be halted.
WI: Russ Feingold continues to lead after release of two new polls from Public Policy Polling and Monmouth University
Progressive leaders should get behind Ranged Voting
Democracy Now! on Twitter | .@drjumpingeagle: "They don't want people to be aware of what's happening, so that we won't be afraid of what's going into our bodies" #DAPL
RoseAnn DeMoro on Twitter | Join @SenSanders & me in Boulder as we rally for #SinglePayer, @ColoradoCareYES. Rally begins at 5pm MST/4pm PST.
We need to call on lawmakers & the DNC to keep from corrupting the election process in 2020
Senate Dem PAC Pulling Out of Florida
Another Shockingly Low Turnout Election  /r/PoliticalRevolutionNY
Patricia Faye-Brazel for State House AMA 10/5 @ 4-6pm EST  /r/PoliticalRevolutionAK
"Utopian Potential of the Internet": Astra Taylor on How to Take Back Power & Culture in Digital Age
.@ZephyrTeachout is endorsed by @POTUS @JohnFasoNy is endorsed by Wall Street Which side are YOU on? #NY19
Arundhati Roy: "If there is something to be done, then one thing is for sure: those who created the problem will not be the ones who come up with a solution."
Now, Every Storm Is a Climate Change Storm
How & Why Other Countries Have Ended the 2-Party System
Help Climate Hawks Take The House - 35 Climate Champs Who Could Flip Congress #MoneyStorm
A Win For Zephyr Teachout Is a Win For The Environment! We All Need Her Now! Call or Donate Please!
"Exciting news from a little Birdie": Bernie Sanders endorses Oregon's Measure 97
If you live in Colorado, please consider registering to vote and voting 'Yes' on Amendment 69 (the Creation And Funding of Universal Healthcare 'ColoradoCare')
A Republican Super PAC has been following Zephyr Teachout around with cameras wherever she goes. Here's what they found.
Climate Activist Unrepentant in Face of #ShutItDown Charges
Five More States On Track To Legalize Recreational Marijuana
Larry Cohen on the TPP and Our Revolution
Mook Repeatedly Tries To Shift From Qs On Morocco $12M Pay To Play Emails
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 21, 2016
Sanders to speak at NCC about new book on presidential run
Why the United States Needs a New Progressive Movement
Progressive Candidate, Patricia Faye-Brazel signs were vandalized!
U.S. Military Operations Are Biggest Motivation for Homegrown Terrorists, FBI Study Finds
Against Activism
Dr Helen Caldicott Talks Fukushima, Abolishing the Nuclear Threat and G...
Jessica Arp on Twitter: .@PRyan says if Senate is flipped that @BernieSanders will become chairman of the budget committee. #news3
When It Comes To Spending, The ColoradoCare Fight Has Been Lopsided
[Maine
Gov. Kasich cuts Wells Fargo, accused of fraud, out of new Ohio business
NC Deborah Ross is Running for US Senate!  /r/PoliticalRevolutionNC
The Young Turks interviews founders of The Climate Mobilization about building mass political movement for WWII-scale national effort against the climate emergency, for net zero emissions and 100% clean energy
Sanders Champions Colorado Single Payer Effort as Model for Nation
Hello! This is Patricia Faye-Brazel, AMA!
Our Revolution on Twitter | Voting shouldn't be about "the lesser of two evils." Let's make Maine the 1st state to adopt ranked-choice voting.
Bernie Sanders on Twitter | Its time for Congress to stand up to the pharmaceutical industry. We need senators like @DeborahRossNC who will fight for working families.
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 19, 2016
The latest campaign ad for Arizona's Prop 205 - Save Our Vets
Robert Rubin, Genius of Capital Markets, Missed Both the Stock Bubble and the Housing Bubble
High Times Cannabis Cup wants you to roll to the poll this weekend in San Bernardino | California's Proposition 64
How the education gap is tearing politics apart | David Runciman | Politics
Encampment on Dakota Access Pipeline Site Is Allowed to Remain (from @Truthdig)
In an Upstate Congressional Race, a Classic Boxers Match Thats Virtually Tied
Direct link to the auto-updating tracker of the Sanders $1M Drive on behalf of Jayapal, Teachout, and others. Can the goal be reached before the FEC reporting deadline tomorrow?
Bernie Sanders to headline Pramila Jayapal rally Saturday in Seattle
Robert Reich on FB: It's not just the presidential race we need to be thinking about. Democrats have a solid chance of taking back the Senate -- which is critically important.
I can't win without you.
"You know, I think that change happens typically not because somebody on high decides its going to happen, but rather because at a grassroots level enough people come together that they force the system to change." - President Obama
WikiLeaks Exposes a Corporate Media as Out-Of-Touch As Politicians
BE A CHAMPION OF CHANGE: We can Flip The Senate, and we can get some seriously game-chaning ballot initiatives passed (ColoradoCare) if we keep pushing from now until Nov. 8th!! Use grassrootspb.com to phonebank for progressive candidates and ballot initiatives!!
California Proposition Voter Guide
Arizona Marijuana Initiative releases new campaign ad in response to recent "No on Prop 205" ad
Human Rights Campaign withdraws Kirk endorsement
Congress is seeking answers to a reenlistment bonus scandal
On Friday, videogame voice actors went on Strike demanding better pay and working conditions. Companies affected include Electronic Arts, Activision, Take-Two Interactive, Warner Brothers and Disney. Show your support and help your fellow workers earn what they deserve!
Nostalgia :-( and hope :-)
How Can We Help NoDAPL? Winter is coming ! Help Now! Here is a List of What We Can Do to Help! Hint: one of them is easy and takes 30 seconds!
Amy Goodman to turn herself in to Morton CountyMandan Combined Law Enforcement
Progressive Candidate David Sparks (Ohio) Talks About His Stance On Marijuana
On Strip Searches and Press Freedom in North Dakota
Iceland, Where Bad Bankers Go to Jail, Finds Nine Guilty in Historic Case
Yes on Question 5: Ranked Choice Voting  /r/PoliticalRevolutionME
Bernie Sanders to campaign for Jane Kim in SF
After Two Wars, Standing Rock is the First Time I Served the American People
Kshama Sawant Proposes Tax Increase on Investment Firms to Help Fund Social Services
Dont Be Fooled: The TPP Is Not About National Security
Last day to register to vote for the general election. [Monday, October 10, 2016, is a legal holiday (Columbus Day).
'I Was Doing My Job': Climate Reporter Facing 45 Years Speaks Out
@BernieSanders: Nice majority you got there @SpeakerRyan. Be a shame if someone flipped it. #ThanksPaul
Zephyr Teachout: Saugerties, NY, October 29, 2016
Underbanked Report Shows Need For Postal Banking
If You Care About Helping Deia's charges dropped for Protesting DAPL. There is a Petition! Please Sign!
Latest call from Red Warrior Camp: "We now must ask all Land Defenders, Water Protectors, and Strong Hearts to hear our War Cry and join us here in Standing Rock immediately." [video & words
Meet Denise Juneau, who hopes to be the first Native American woman in Congress  /r/PoliticalRevolutionMT
Closing Special Interest Loopholes
Ruling Allows Construction to Resume on Small Part of DAPL
Nine states shorten deadline for voter registration
National Prison Strike Enters Third Week
"Russ Feingold holds a 12-point lead over Republican Ron Johnson."
ColoradoCare (Amendment 69) gets a new TV ad: 'Do The Math'
Political Revolution on Twitter | We cannot allow corruption like this to continue. Corporations must be required to disclose their political contributions. #GetMoneyOut
Virginia Newspaper Endorses Carolina Governor Because HB 2 Is Sending Them Jobs  /r/PoliticalRevolutionNC
Progressive Candidate's Inspirational Fight Against Poverty [Sabrina Shrader, a Democratic candidate for the West Virginia house of delegates
Daily Ballot Awareness and Activism Post
Zephyrs Teachout's says that it is great to use social media using quotes from her site!
Report from Standing Rock: 100+ Militarized Police Deployed Against Native American Water Protectors
CSPAN on Twitter | Ohio Senate Debate between @robportman & @Ted_Strickland  10pm ET on C-SPAN
Pramila Jayapal on Twitter | @BernieSanders is coming to Seattle to headline a Got Out The Vote rally for @PramilaJayapal! Ticket Info (in tweet)
Climate Change Has Doubled Western U.S. Forest Fires, Says Study - The Earth Institute
One year later: The long-term effects of the Flint water crisis
GEORGIA! Last day a person may register and be eligible to vote in the General Election/November Special Election /Runoff Election is Tuesday, Oct 11, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionGA
ARKANSAS! Deadline to register to vote for November 8 Election is Monday, Oct 10, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionAR
Americans Are Divided On Climate Change
2016 Regional Educational Attendance Area (REAA) October 4th, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionAK
Ready to rumble? Proponents of Prop. 61 drug pricing measure challenge pharmaceutical companies to a debate
Human Rights Groups to Obama: Time to Follow Through on Drone Promises | "...President Barack Obama [must
U.S. Court of Appeals Rules against Standing Rock Tribe in Dakota Access Pipeline Case
The Revolution Televised (2016) upcoming documentary on our revolution and corporate media that tried to hide it. Narrated by Viggo Mortsensen, Also has Bernie Sanders, Jill Stein, Cornell West, Black Lives Matter, ect
Jerry Brown vetoes ranked choice voting in California.
Beyond Clinton & Sanders: The Task of the Democratic Party
Detroit Kids Driven To Crime By Corrupt Government - [11:06
Behind the retreat of the Koch brothers' operation
Phone, Donate or Use Social Media For Zephyr Teachout! She will Lower Property Taxes in NY19. Protect The Water Supply as well as Social Security! She is The Job Creator. NY 19 - Decent Rural Folks that Need Teachout Now!
Progressive Coders Network has an onboarding vid call open to anyone interested in tech and the progressive movement! Come join us at 8:30pm!!!
Michigan Attorney General Spends $2.3m On Flint Water Probe
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 14, 2016
Fifteen Years of Lessons Not Learned
Calling All Wells Fargo Whistleblowers! (naked capitalism is following up with their extensive 2013 whistleblower series on Bank of America mortgage fraud.)
Guess Where Most Of Our Money Goes
Disappearing Middle Class: Mayor John Fetterman
First and Foremost, the Wells Fargo Scandal is about Workers
Thoughts on some elements of my platform...
Bernie Sanders on Twitter | Paul Ryan said if Republicans lose the Senate, a guy named Bernie Sanders becomes Budget Committee Chair. Sounds like a plan! #ThanksPaul
TYT Politics Passes 100,000 Subscribers!!! [Thank you to Jordan Chariton for his integral reporting this past year.
Help NY 19 Decide For the Best... Teachout! She is up 1 point and 15 % undecided! Ten Top Reasons to Fight For Teachout Again!
Why Overturning Citizens United Isn't Enough
Hard-Line Prosecutors Face Rejection From Voters in Elections Across the U.S.
Do you want to help transform America? Volunteer with The Political Revolution today!
How Pharmaceutical Companies Are Keeping Americans From Doing Something The Government Says They Can Do
Political Revolution on Twitter | Join us at http://political_revolution.reddit.com tomorrow at 2 PM ET for an AMA about Oregon's Measure 97!
Obama, Holder to lead post-Trump redistricting campaign
Brave Environmental Lawyer Explains Standing Rock Legal Issues
As Battle for Senate Tightens, Progressives Hone In on Down-Ballot Races
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 08, 2016
Terry Gipson is a Progressive who is running for State Senate in NY, and he could sure use your help!
Last Day to Register to Vote in the General Election is Friday, Oct 14, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionID
Bernie Sanders on Twitter | If we beat the drug industry in California, we are going to put them on the defensive and lower the cost of medication across this country.
Just wanted to remind folks about the ongoing #PrisonStrike to change the 13th amendment
Vote to have Clinton & Trump asked about WWII-scale climate mobilization on October 9th debate
Vote YES on prop 206 ARIZONA Ballot to Raise Minimum Wage to Twelve dollars! People cannot live on 8.06 an hour.
Voter Registration Deadline (registration forms postmarked by this date and received within 3 days are accepted for regular registration) is Tuesday, Oct 11, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionMT
Bernie Sanders on Twitter | When the Founding Fathers wrote the Constitution, Im pretty sure they werent thinking Lets make sure billionaires can buy elections.
Mark Ruffalo on Twitter | Okay everyone. Now let's GOTV on our down ticket folks who will make the biggest difference. Smash! Go @ZephyrTeachout
Zephyr Teachout Is Battling Big Money and Cynicism in One of This Years Tightest Congressional Races
TPP Partner Jails Human Rights Blogger
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 28, 2016
Corporate Authoritarianism and the New American Anti-Democracy
Natives Celebrating Amy Goodman Met By Police State
Political Revolution and Sister Subreddits
13th Amendment: how to make money off of throwing citizens in jail.
Zephyr Teachout is doing an AMA in /r/politics!
5 activists successfully shut down oil pipelines across U.S.
Zephyr Teachout on Twitter | Our campaign volunteers have knocked on 20,182 doors. We've got 50,000 more to reach in the next 3 1/2 weeks! Join: http://www.zephyrteachoutforcongress.com
Rep. Tulsi Gabbard, Lawmakers Call for Answers on Yahoo Email Surveillance
Zephyr Teachout on Twitter | Good morning! Four weeks from today is the election. What you do to volunteer could decide it--it's that close.
A million Ohio voters didnt get absentee ballot mailing
North Carolina slashed their early voting hours and now this is what the lines look like  /r/PoliticalRevolutionNC
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 31, 2016
Watch Police Attack Unarmed Standing Rock #NoDAPL Water Protectors! - [8:58
(Oregon) state treasurer candidate Chris Henry calls for establishment of public Oregon state bank
Morgan Carroll posts big fundraising haul with help from Bernie Sanders
Billions of Gallons of Animal Waste From Factory Farms Poses Health Risks in Wake of Hurricane Matthew
The House May Be in Play | RealClearPolitics
The Dakota Access Pipeline: Another Epic Clash Between Americas Military-Corporate Powers and the Great Sioux Nation
Last Day to Register to Vote in Person or by Mail for the General Election. (Mailed Registration must be postmarked by Oct. 14th and received by OCT. 19th) is Friday, Oct 14, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionNY
Sheriff Joe Arpaio Is Trailing Badly In His Re-Election Bid
Illinois suspends business with Wells Fargo
Bernie Sanders Is Trying to Be a Kingmaker in Key Congressional Races
Wall Street Watching as U.S. High Court Tackles Insider Trading
From Standing Rock: 'They Have Us Surrounded!' (w/Guest: Kandi Mossett)
Zephyr Teachout - "Stood Up For"
I'm a teacher running for governing board in Arizona. We need more educators in elected office who understand the connection between the classroom and the board room.
Recordings show Wisconsin DMV workers giving wrong info on voter ID cards
BREAKING: Lee County threatens to have Mississippi Stand encampment removed Thursday (October 6)  /r/NoDAPL
KING: Here is how we will boycott injustice and police brutality
Our Revolution on Twitter | Bernie's rally in Seattle w/ @PramilaJayapal is beginning now! Follow along at #BernieandPramila
Our Revolution has Given It's Ballot Initiative Page a Massive Overhaul, Now Includes Vote Recommendations for Major Initiatives in Every State
Lets Give Our Revolution Candidate, Nanette Barragan, a National Podium
NH poll: Dem challenger pulls ahead of Ayotte
Climate Change Will Spark Global Economic Crisis - [5:25
In Standing Rock, The Cops Are Out of Control | Civil Liberties Defense Center
As Flint Suffers, Big Pharma Slammed for Lead Poison Drug Price Hike of 2,700%
Sanders-loving Vermont lawmaker snags GOP nomination
When Media Oversimplifies, Dig Deeper
Video shows cop shattering windshield with handcuffed man's face
Tulsi Gabbard for Congress | SIGN THIS PETITION! Call on President Obama to end the counterproductive regime change war in Syria.
Bernie Sanders endorses his brother in race to replace David Cameron
"The Police Killings No One Is Talking About": Native Americans Most Likely to be Killed by Cops
Native Woman Falsely Arrested And Tossed Naked in Jail
Progressive-Berniecrats-Primary Winners  160 Candidates running in 2016 State &amp; Federal Races that YOU can support on 1 ActBlue page  They need your support today !!!
Thunderclap: The Revolution supports Zephyr | Please join our Thunderclap for Zephyr happening THIS FRIDAY!!! Zephyr's race in NY-19 is an extremely important and CLOSE race! She needs all the help she can get!!
Congresswoman GOES OFF On The TPP In A Powerful Message
Presidential Race Mega Thread October 09, 2016
Last day to REGISTER to vote before the November 8 General Election is Tuesday, Oct 11, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionPA
Fairbanks Mayoral Election - Current Mayor: John Eberhart - Population(31,535) October 4th, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionAK
Last day to register to vote is Tuesday, Oct 11, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionIL
Sen. Bernie Sanders to stump for Amendment 69 (ColoradoCare) in Boulder, Colorado on Monday (10/17)!
ACTION NEEDED - Prosecutors in Christie trial will be one of his appointees, SIGN THIS PETITION urging the Judge to appoint an impartial Special Prosecutor.
Big Pharma is paying $87 million to fight California Prop 61! Vote Yes on Prop 61 to regulate how much California pays for vital drugs!
OREGON: Last day register to vote is Tuesday, Oct 18, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionOR
Watch This US Official Struggle to Justify Double Standard for Saudi Bombings
RSN Interview: Larry Cohen on the TPP and Our Revolution
How Comcast Muscled Its Way Out of Negative Political Ads | As if you needed another reason to hate Comcast
Bernie Sanders: Reject the AT&T-Time Warner Merger
Teachout Protects the Drinking Water of NY district !9, faso took money fron general electrtic and then let them off the hook for polluting The Hudson River Valley
Chase Iron Eyes on Twitter: "My opponent doesn't actually believe there's a discrimination problem in ND, nor does he believe the climate is changing? Vote Iron Eyes"
Harvard Square Strike Action - Eleven Arrested in Dining Services Labor Union Protest
Filmmaker Faces 45 Years in Prison for Reporting on Dakota Access Protests
Massachusetts Teachers Unions Battle the Dark Money Behind a Pro-Charter Ballot Measure
The Catholic Church Uses Tax-Exempt Funds To Stop Marijuana Legalization
National Nurses United Supports Colorado Single Payer Amendment 69
Pharma Threatens Vets in CA Prop 61 No Ads | "In other words, No Prop 61 is saying that the measure will hurt veterans because the pharmaceutical industry  in all its greed  will react by raising prices on veterans and refusing to honor some of the VAs discounts."
Jordan GOES OFF On Media's FALSE Standing Rock Coverage - [46:40
Zephyr Teachouts Quest to Become the Lefts Newest Crusading Congresswoman
Special Investigation: Native Americans Are Being Killed by Police at a Higher Rate Than Any Other Group
Tech privacy ally Feingold leads in Wisconsin Senate race
Justice Department to Track Use of Force by Police Across U.S.
Just donated $30 to Paul Clements, endorsed by Bernie. Let's swing this county by county.
Voting from a Native American reservation is much harder than it should be - Vox
Showdown at hand between law enforcement, pipeline protesters
Two weeks to go. Stop throwing socks at the television. Put them back on and sign up to volunteer! http://www.zephyrteachout.com
General Election November 8th, 2016: Voter Registration Deadline Sunday, Oct 9, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionRI
Please share this 2 minute "Mini Movie" of an Upstate NY Republican family, Whose Land WAS Taken By Pipeline company is NOW VOTING FOR Zephyr Teachout
Breaking: ND Prosecutor Seeks "Riot" Charges Against Amy Goodman For Reporting On Pipeline Protest
Indigenous Peoples Day Sweeps Nation as Battles Intensify for Native American Rights
How the debates went from an innovative way to inform voters to a tool to suppress political competition.
Secretive funds allow Michigan lawmakers to accept corporate cash
Hightower: It's "Our Revolution," and it's on the move
Hes back...Bernie Sanders to rally in L.A., S.F. for drug measure
We're the Yes on 97 team working for corporate accountability in Oregon  and big corporations like Comcast are trying to stop us. Ask us anything!
Bernie Sanders on Twitter | Our job is to have the highest voter turnout in the world, not one of the lowest.
Poll Finds Young Americans More Open to Socialist Ideas
Sheldon Adelson, who doesn't even live in MA, has donated $1 million to oppose legalization there. TODAY is the LAST day for MA residents to register to vote. It can be done online and it takes mere seconds. Get registered, fight back and vote yes! 2016 WILL be the political year of weed if we win.
Bernie Sanders is coming to the Cap Center on Nov. 21 - The Concord Insider
Today is very important for the noDAPL movement, please call the White House
Whitehouse.gov petition to crack down on the black box voting machines.
How to Fix America's Corrupt Political System
Last day to register to vote is Friday, Oct 14, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionOK
Most people think the rich should pay more taxes
It's Time to Stop America's Wars and Take Back Democracy
As Progressives, We Must Make Sure Brady Walkinshaw is defeated in Washington CD7
In Day of Action, Activists Demand Obama Cancel Oil Leases in Gulf
Bernie Sanders Calls On Citizens to Reject ATT Merger.
"Jockeying heats up for DNC chairmanship", Let's get behind Keith Ellison
Shailene Woodley Opens Up About Recent Arrest in Powerful Essay: 'I'm Not Scared, Im Not Afraid'
Actress Shailene Woodley Reveals She Was Strip-Searched After Her Arrest Protesting Dakota Pipeline
Ohio Revolution on Twitter | #WayneNationalForest is going to be auctioned off - likely will be fracked. #nofracking #climatechange #waterislife
Climate Direct Action: Activists Halt Flow of All Canada-to-U.S. Tar Sands Oil by Shutting Off Valves of Five Pipelines
Bernie Sanders: A yes vote on Proposition 61 will send a strong message to Big Pharma and Washington
Teachout claims lead five-point lead over Faso in new poll
WANT TO HELP? Join us at the Text for Our Revolution team
Vote-By-Mail Mailing Period begins Monday, Oct 10, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionCA
Bernie Progressive Running Against Corporate Smear Machine In Ohio
Our Revolution endorsed candidate Peter Jacob is debating his opponent Congressman Leonard Lance in NJ-D7!
CFPB Rule Could Protect Low-Income Households from Predatory Short-Term Lending
Home of Our Revolution endorsed NJ-7 candidate, and Asian-Indian American, Peter Jacob, Vandalized with swastikas for second time in a week.
Big Business Declares TPP the Winner in Vice Presidential Debate
Marijuana's Moment | As many as five states could approve its recreational use this November, potentially signaling a point of no return for legalized pot.
Local Berniecrat Will Donate 50K Of Her Salary If Elected [Michelle Gale, running for county auditor in DuPage County, Illinois
White House urges ban on non-compete agreements for many workers
I am a 25 year old Eureka, CA City Council candidate Austin Allison. AMA!!
Today ColoradoCare, Pramila Jayapal (WA), Zephyr Teachout (NY), Paul Clements (MI), and Gary Kroeger (IA) are all on the dialer! Take some time to make ten calls today to make sure they win their elections come November 8th, and to make sure ColoradoCare is passed!!
Our Revolution Statement on Board Member Shailene Woodley's Arrest
Last day to register to vote or to update your existing registration, without having to appear in-person at the Election Department offices, or without having to or register on the Secretary of State's Internet site October 8th, 2016  /r/politicalrevolutionNV
Deadline for write-in candidates to file a Declaration of Intent for the general election. October 4th, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionMT
The Economy Has Been Rigged To Make The Rich Richer! (W/Alex Lawon &amp; Guest: Dean Baker)
Some awesome shareable graphics made by one of our designers!! Use these on Facebook and Twitter to get the word out! Bernie supporters are still carrying on by supporting down-ballot progressives and ballot items; THE STRUGGLE CONTINUES!
Bernie Sanders to campaign in Boulder for Amendment 69, the statewide universal healthcare proposal
Feingold lead down to 2 points! Don't get complacent!
I'm Zephyr Teachout, Bernie-endorsed candidate for Congress in one of the tightest races in the country. AMA!  /r/politics
David Harris-Gershon on Twitter: "What the hell 2016? Police wrote numbers on skin of Native American protesters, put them in dog kennels."
Shame on feds for treating Eric Garner case like hot potato
Everybody's voice is worthy of being heard.
Wells Fargo loses Better Business Bureau accreditation
Comcast, Wells Fargo and Big Oil Lead the Effort to Defeat Measure 97
Government Secretly Warned Banker Friends Of Housing Crash
Money pours in for North Dakota pipeline protest
Frustrated with your options in the election this year? NOW is the time to nominate candidates to run for Congress in 2018 as part of Brand New Congress
Globalizing the Dakota Access Pipeline: The current struggle for indigenous peoples of North America against such eco-terrorist projects is becoming an opportunity for the world to witness the globalized ugly face of settler colonialism.
Bernie Says: Stand Up To Big Pharma! (w/Alex Lawson & Guest: Garry South)
This Bernie Sanders tweet caused a drug company's stock to fall by $400 million in a day
Democracy Now reporter to return to state to face charges
Political Revolution on Twitter | Join us at 4pm EST and ask Patricia Faye-Brazel about her role in the Revolution and working with @BernieSanders!
Amid Escalating Repression, Dakota Access Pipeline Owners Risk Legal Liability
Voter Registration Deadline for the General Election is Tuesday, Oct 11, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionFL
Native Americans protest outside CNN demanding they stop ignoring Standing Rock
Generation Screwed: How Millennials Are Being Exploited by Our Political System
Meet the Journalist Facing 45 Years in Jail for Filming Pipeline Protest in North Dakota
Deeply Moving Message from Bernie Sanders - Oldie But Goodie
32 Arrested After 200 Iowa #NoDAPL Protesters Dismantle Security Fence in Bid to Disrupt Pipeline Drilling
Marijuana legalization is leading in every state where its on the ballot this November
Bernie Sanders on Twitter | While drug companies make huge profits, people are dying because they can't afford their medication. Prop 61 is an important step forward.
Once lauded as a peacemaker, Obama's tenure fraught with war
In 2013 we attended a special pipeline meeting where Zephyr Teachout's opponent, John Faso was lobbying on behalf of oil & gas, we MADE THIS AD- 90 seconds
Our Revolution on Twitter | Voting shouldn't about choosing a "lesser of two evils." Ranked choice voting, like Maine's #Yeson5, gives power back to the voters.
Bernie Sanders Is the Most Popular Politician in America
How Democrats Killed Their Populist Soul | In the 1970s, a new wave of post-Watergate liberals stopped fighting monopoly power. The result is an increasingly dangerous political system.
The truth about Zephyr Teachout and property taxes
Poll: Feingold's lead Over Incumbent Johnson Shrinks in Wisconsin
Solidarity From the South: Indigenous Leaders From Ecuador Come to Standing Rock
Voter registration deadline for General Election is Monday, Oct 10, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionAZ
Sanders Calls on President to Intervene in Dakota Access Pipeline Dispute
Robert Redford Backs Resistance to Dakota Access Pipeline
Zephyr Teachout on Twitter | Coaches and teachers can change your life. Our new video. Watch and share! Every voice deserves to be heard. #ny19
Vindication for Press Freedom as Charges Dropped Against Journalist Amy Goodman
Down ballot progressives in Texas
Incredibly disturbing video of Floris White Bull talking about herself &amp; other Water protectors "caged in dog kennels" after 10/27 arrests. (5:43) More info in comments  /r/IndianCountry
Tulsi Gabbard on Twitter | RT to share an important question that needs to be asked during the October 9 presidential debate #debates
At the end of this week there is a final fundraising event for Zephyr. We would love it if you would help promote it. Only 77 more signatures required. Please help.
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "Let's not kid ourselves. We have today a campaign finance system that amounts to legalized bribery."
Wells Fargo ignored employee petition protesting ethics: suit
Video: Police Viciously Attacked Peaceful Protesters at the Dakota Access Pipeline
Volunteer With Zephyr
Against the Trans-Pacific Partnership | The TPPs language is complex, but its result would be simple: more corporate power, and less democratic control.
Flints new public health crisis: people are getting sick because theyre afraid to wash their hands
Survey: Americans want paid family leave, and they support social programs for families
Democracy Now! on Twitter | '.@dallasgoldtooth on police response to #NoDAPL: "We had elders, women and children put at risk because of the actions of law enforcement"'
North Carolina's Chance for a Fresh Senate Voice
Police arrest 117 in crackdown on North Dakota pipeline protesters
10 Ways You Can Help the Standing Rock Sioux Fight the Dakota Access Pipeline - PowWows.com
Rally to stop TPP draws supporters
Authorities Shut Down Roads &amp; Airspace Near Pipeline (read: No-Fly Zone)
Amy Goodman's Absurd Charges Dismissed
Why Do We Fight For Zephyr Teachout? Because She will Fight For District 19 NY! We Will All Benefit! Ten Reasons:
Big Pharma Breaks The Bank To Kill Measure Aiming To Lower Drug Prices
[CO
The Wells Fargo fraud came to light because of union organizers
Voter Registration Deadline is Tuesday, Oct 11, 2016  /r/PoliticalRevolutionIN
Guards Join with Inmates in the Nationwide Prison Strike!
Our Revolution on Twitter: Our Revolution stands with our board member Shailene Woodley following her arrest today at Standing Rock. #NoDAPL #IndigenousPeoplesDay
Bernie Sanders tweet sends shares of Ariad Pharmaceuticals down 11%
Bernie Looks Ahead
Sanders to promote ColoradoCare in Boulder
Josh Fox: Award-Winning Filmmaker Arrested Documenting Pipeline Protest
Tulsi Gabbard on Twitter: "Im proud to endorse @ZephyrTeachout. She will stand up when it counts."
Wath the FULL DEBATE: CALIFORNIA Votes: Proposition 61 Debate | "Proposition 61: Would prohibit California state agencies from paying more for prescription drugs than the United States Department of Veterans Affairs pays."
Our Revolution on Twitter | Right-to-work laws drive down wagesthats why the Koch brothers heap millions in campaign donations to pass them.
How Oregon Became the Easiest Place to Vote in the US
Dakota Access Pipeline employee disguised as a protester shoots off assault rifle
Maine Poised to Pass Ranked Choice VotingCould Give HUGE Boost to Green...
Riot police move in on N Dakota pipeline protesters - BBC News
Leaked Audio Shows How Florida Utilities Sought to Deceive Public Into Believing Amendment 1 is Pro-Solar: "'...[W
Update: Dakota Access Pipeline Standoff Escalates
Standing Rock: Police Arrest 120+ Water Protectors as Dakota Access Speeds up Pipeline Construction
Bernie Sanders wants to know why this cancer drug costs nearly $200,000 a year
Help STOP the disastrous TPP by making special calls!! This Tuesday/Thursday Only!! You will be calling representatives to convince them NOT to vote for the TPP!! Details inside
Teachout holds promise for new era in politics
AT&T Cheerleading Squad for Merger: Nearly 100 Lobbyists
Sue Minter on Twitter "ICYMI: Sue received the endorsement of @BernieSanders today!"
Yesterday we beat our call goal of 1,500 calls!! If you want to contribute to the call goal today, go to grassrootspb.com and make ten calls for the Revolution!
Jane Sanders - Contact your representatives and the media to ask where they stand on #NoDAPL!
Amy Goodman Broadcasts from North Dakota Across from Court Where She Faces Riot Charge Today
Michael Whitney on Twitter "In less than 48 hours, supporters of @BernieSanders raised $1,774,021 for 13 House and Senate candidates with 334,769 contributions" !!!
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "Universal health care is a reality in dozens of countries around the world. It really is not a radical idea for the U.S. to do the same."
Sanders presses drug company to explain price hike for leukemia drug
Fight For 15 on Twitter | If you have been inspired, as we have, by the First Nations #NoDAPL resistance at #StandingRock stand with them now; bear witness.
Wall Street Firms Make Money From Teachers' Pensions  And Fund Charter Schools Fight
Teachout up 44-41 in new poll, 15% of voters still undecided
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "Apparently for many in the top 1%, owning and controlling our economy is not enough. They also want to own and control the government."
@SenSanders: "In 1965, ratio of CEO pay to average worker pay was 20:1. In 2014, it was 303:1. Thats just incomprehensible to me."
Sheriff's office says they are "taking steps to remove" water protectors at Standing Rock now! Text will be updated repeatedly, so refresh often. Please comment with new information.  /r/NoDAPL
FAA Says North Dakota Cops Commited Felony by Shooting Down DAPL Protester Drones - Counter Current News
North Dakota Is Starting To Look Like A War Zone And Yet Theres No Mention From The Federal Government Nor Hillary/Trump
Senate Bill to Establish Ranked Voting for Public Offices in Indiana (SB277)
@BernieSanders | No laws prevent drug companies from doubling or tripling prices. So they just do it. We are going to change that.
Bernie Sanders Trying to Kill AT&T's Purchase of Time Warner - [4:00
Teachout is Tied in Sept 28th Poll!!!! Call please! Or Donate $ 19 for an Ad!
New poll: Russ Feingold pulling away from challenger in WI Senate race, now up by 6 points.
Bernie Sanders to Boulder residents: 'Stand tall and vote yes on Amendment 69' (ColoradoCare)
Sanders tweet causes drug company to lose $400M in a day
Bernie Sanders to stump for California drug pricing law
Super PACs are pouring MILLIONS of dollars to stop Zephyr Teachout in NY-19... Recent polls are showing that the race is neck and neck!!! Faso and his wealthy donors are scared; and they should be, but that doesn't mean that we should let up now!!! KEEP FIGHTING!
Lightsaber-wielding Bernie Sanders takes on Darth Vader Koch brother
At what point are we going to start holding people's feet to the fire?
This Race could determine which party controls the House
Progressive Bob Fitrakis is running for County Prosecutor in Franklin County (Columbus) Ohio as a Green. Dr. Fitrakis is the fellow who has appeared on Lee Camp and other sites taking about election fraud.
Bernie Sanders is biggest feature of the Yes on Prop 61 Website!
Meet Kyle Thompson, the Knightsbridge Risk Management employee that was disguised as a water protector
Arn Menconi, Green Party Candidate for U.S. Senate
Happy Halloween, Paul Ryan! From Bernie Sanders
2.6 terabyte leak of Panamanian shell company data reveals "how a global industry led by major banks, legal firms, and asset management companies secretly manages the estates of politicians, Fifa officials, fraudsters and drug smugglers, celebrities and professional athletes."
Statement from Kshama Sawant: End the Political Repression Against Standing Rock Protesters
Here's Why Everyone On Facebook Is Checking In At Standing Rock
When The US Healthcare System Kills
BACK UP THE CANVASSERS FOR TEACHOUT! Flip the Senate and Rock the House! Call for Teachout, Donate or Use Social Media! headquarters said it is great to use social media using quotes from Zephyrs' website Talking points for Teachout! Back Up the Canvassers Knocking on Doors!
McDonald's Settlement Could Open Door for Worker Wins Nationwide
Were Hiring! [NYC Progressive Caucus Needs Full-Time Coordinator
Injustice Boycott :: Starting on December 5th, 2016
Unicorn Riot on Twitter: "This elder in ceremonial garb held a prayer for everyone gathered on Highway 1806 and was arrested shortly after. #NoDAPL" [video
Bargaining On A Revolution?
Progressive Alternatives and National Projects
Quebec hydro project powers New Hampshire campaign
Land rights and soda giants
SPLC complaint: Families falsely imprisoned after ICE raids
Guest: Racial Voter Purges Are 'Lynching By Laptop!' (w/Guest: Greg Palast)
Whose Fault Is It? Obamacare Rates Are Going Up...
Transitioning to Clean Energy Would Create More Jobs than Fossil Fuels
When A Tax Bonanza Is Actually A Huge Corporate Tax Break
The TPP and Free Trade: Time to Retake the English Language
"We're Homeless and We Vote": Homeless People Want a Voice in This Election
The TPP Fight: Lessons From El Salvador
Wall Street 'Influence'? Teachers Unions Request Probe Of Donations To Charter School Measure
Fewer Polluters Criminally Prosecuted as EPA Cowers From GOP Attacks
This Maine Initiative Could Shake Up the Two-Party System
What It Means Now That 40,000 Maryland Parolees Got the Right to Vote
Voices From the Movement for Native Lives
Beyond the Fight for 15: The Worker-led Fast Food Union Campaign Building Power on the Shop Floor
New U.N. Report Shows Just How Awful Globalization and Informal Employment Are for Workers
The Building Storm Against the TPP
Pipeline route plan first called for crossing north of Bismarck, but was deemed "too dangerous" for the water
Question about voting from someone who doesn't know much about the process.
Lessons from Roosevelt: The Past of the Democratic Party
Society of Indian Psychologists' Response to Pipeline Protest
This American Life episode sounds suspicious; could use thoughtful critique
Dakota Access Pipeline: Police fire on media drones, mass arrests, treaty rights declared
How the electricity utilities use a little bit of political jiu-jitsu to steal the sun  /r/politics
The American Dream Is Killing Us
Bernie Sanders Speaks To Halloween crowd in Lebanon, NH Oct. 31st 2015 [Relevant bc Halloween and "Tell the fossil fuel contributors to go to hell." is the cue up
The Case for an Article V. Convention
Truthdigger of the Week: Standing Rock Sioux Chairman David Archambault II (from @Truthdig)
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "Pharmaceutical industry executives are a bunch of crooks, and they're proud of it."
Seattle: Highest Minimum Wage, Lowest Unemployment Rate - The Big Picture
Archdiocese to spend $850,000 against marijuana legalization - The Boston Globe
Houston deputy mayor uproots campaign sign along Parks Highway | Patricia Faye-Brazel
Jayapal has backing of progressives, youth, unions in Washingtons 7th District House race
Police Ramp Up Violence Against Protesters At Standing Rock
Can we make (or is there already) a "What Would Bernie Vote?" page?
Chief Arvol Looking Horse to Obama: Keep Your Word
Californias Jane Kim Calls for Statewide Emergency on Homelessness
Big Pharma Paid LGBT Groups and Others That Opposed California Drug-Price Ballot Measure
Will the DOJ or FCC Stop the AT&T Merger from Creating World's Largest Media Conglomerate? - [9:52
The countrys largest LGBT rights group is standing by Mark Kirk.
@ZephyrTeachout | Public education is the infrastructure of democracy.
Susan Sarandon urges Arizona voters to vote Yes on Prop 205
Patriots Acquitted in Malheur As DAPL Water Protectors Get Maced
AT&T, Time Warner and the Death of Privacy
Bloomberg Does the Halloween Special Social Security Scare Story
FB Video from Protester who was at DAPL Protest - Concluded Now
Latest live streams from the Standing Rock water protectors
TONIGHT: debate w/ Dr. Margaret Flowers, Green for US Senate in Maryland, on Real News Network
A Lawsuit Challenges Utahs Ban on Students and Teachers Saying Nice Things About Gay People
Video Voters Guide Candidate David Delk
This Small Town Shows Why The Trans-Pacific Partnership Could Be A Disaster For American Workers
The American People Are Paying Attention to Indian Country  Why Doesnt Congress?
Mark Ruffalo in Standing Rock; Leo DiCaprio, Jesse Jackson Head to Standing Rock
Green Party candidate Margaret Flowers storms Van Hollen-Szeliga Senate debate stage
Ask the Iowa Utilities Board to halt DAPL construction for many construction permit violations.
Hello -- and a quick thank you!
Donald Trump's companies destroyed or hid documents in defiance of court orders
Hello! This is my first time on Reddit -- as you probably could have guessed! -- but I wanted to drop in and thank you so much for everything you're doing.
Bernie Sanders just posted this on Facebook.
J.K. Rowling on Twitter: "The men rushing to tell us all that they talk about women exactly the way @realDonaldTrump did in his tape seem to think they're helping."
Our visitors from /r/The_D****d throw a fit whenever I post this pic. HRC and FLOTUS speaking to a packed stadium in NC today. Let's show them what real enthusiasm looks like.
/r/The_Donald right now.
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "My dad was born in Poland. Do you know how many people ever asked me whether or not I was born in America? Nobody ever asked me that."
Clinton Vaults to a Double-Digit Lead (POLL) 50% to 38%
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "Middle class families pay their taxes. But billionaires like Mr. Trump don't have to thanks to their friends in Congress."
Trump recorded having extremely lewd conversation about women in 2005
Trump Tax Records Obtained by The Times Reveal He Could Have Avoided Paying Taxes for Nearly Two Decades
Oh Em Gee the upvote button!
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "I'm Jewish. My fathers family died in concentration camps. I will do everything I can to rid this country of the ugly stain of racism."
AP: BREAKING: US official: Newly discovered emails related to Clinton investigation did not come from her private server.
STATEMENT FROM JOHN McCAIN WITHDRAWING SUPPORT OF DONALD TRUMP
Mitt Romney on Twitter: Hitting on married women? Condoning assault? Such vile degradations demean our wives and daughters and corrupt America's face to the world.
Trump "jokes": "If Hillary gets to pick her judges nothing you can doAlthough the 2nd Amendment people maybe there is"
Trump goes on unhinged 3am twitter rant
The choice is clear.
Sanders Announces Bill to Close Tax Loopholes Used by Trump
Michelle Obama is all of us
FBI's Comey opposed naming Russians, citing election timing
Trump said he hopes 2nd amendment people stop Hillary. I hope 19th amendment people stop Trump.
DO NOT FAIL TO VOTE BECAUSE IT LOOKS LIKE TRUMP IS SUNK
Between Two Ferns With Zach Galifianakis: Hillary Clinton
Natalie Maines (Dixie Chicks) on Twitter: I get banned for not liking Bush and now Trump can practically put a hit out on Hillary and he's still all over country radio! Hypocrites!
When you protest a Trump rally but no one realizes your shirt says "Latinas AGAINST trump" so they take pics w/ you like you're supporters
Donald Trump isn't the most dangerous man on the ticket: Mike Pence is
This is what we're fighting against folks. Leave it up to the republicans to put anti-LGBT legislation in a "must pass" defense bill.
The FBI director did not say email investigation was being reopened. Republican Jason Chaffetz is the one who said that -- and he's wrong.
(2013) 100% of perverts go back to their ways. Sadly, there is no cure
45th President. Upvote this to make it the first image result on Google for 45th President. And don't forget to vote by November 8th!
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "Wanna know why Trump believes wages are too high in the U.S.? He is used to paying 30 cents an hour in low-wage countries abroad."
Colin Powell: Im Voting for Hillary Clinton
Clinton's lead now up to double digits, new NBC/WSJ poll shows
We've Got to Keep Our Daughters Safe from Pervert Men Wearing Wigs
Kasich's chief strategist, John Weaver, on Twitter: I will take the America of Khizr Khan & his fallen son over Trump's distorted & selfish version every day of the week.
Colbert: "It sends a powerful message to all women that if you work hard, some day you too can be villified as an unlikeable Machiavellian crone"
Miss Universe winner who Trump called 'Miss Piggy' and 'Miss Housekeeping' becomes US citizen to vote against Trump
#BREAKING NY AG sends Cease and Desist to Trump Foundation for operating without proper certification.
Democrats raise $13k to help reopen burned NC GOP office
"Look. If Obama had 3 (ex-)wives and 5 children with different women, 'modern' and 'blended' family wouldn't be the terms being used right now."
Shouldn't #TedCruz have been forced to carry his unviable campaign to term?
Matthew Yglesias on Twitter: The only way the email story could get any worse for Clinton would be if some kind of actual wrongdoing were unearthed at some point.
Richard Hine: "Trump: Don't judge me on the man I was 10 years ago. But please judge Hillary on the man her husband was 20 years ago #TrumpTape"
Trump's response to "What is your plan for ISIS?" (This is real.)
Stephen Colbert on Twitter: "Trump said his campaign could be his "single greatest waste of time, energy & money." Congrats, Donald! Today you are a Trump U graduate."
Revealing no understanding of Mormonism whatsoever, Trump said McMullin has been campaigning "coffee shop to coffee shop" in Utah.
upvote to pledge your loyalty to Hillary, of House Clinton, first of her name, UnBerned Queen of the Democrats, the Americans and the First Women, Queen of the Empire State and Khaleesi of the Great Southern Confederacy, Breaker of Glass Ceilings, Mother of Chelsea and Protector of the Realm
Donald J. Trump on Twitter: The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my support during his primary (I gave, he won), then dropped me over locker room remarks!
Best billboard of the 2016 campaign is up in Dearborn, Michigan: "Donald Trump: He can't read this, but he's afraid of it."
Trump claims to have won the CBS post-debate poll. CBS did not conduct a post-debate poll.
Jerry Springer on Twitter: Hillary Clinton belongs in the White House. Donald Trump belongs on my show.
BREAKING: Judge Curiel Rules Trump Must Face Trial for Racketeering in Trump University Suit
Ghazala Khan op-ed: Trump criticized my silence. He knows nothing about true sacrifice.
Trump's downvote brigade tried to hide this: PolitiFact rules Trump lied about the FBI investigation.
Garry Kasparov on Twitter: Trump's "President Day 1" checklist: 1 Jail opponent. 2 Media crackdown. 3 Support Assad. Coincidentally, that was also Putin's checklist.
Marco Rubio Says Republicans are making a mistake by jumping on allegedly hacked emails released by Wikileaks to criticize Hillary Clinton. "Today it is the Democrats. Tomorrow it could be us."
 Paul Ryan: If Republicans Lose the Senate, Bernie Sanders Wins
This is everything...
Two women have come forward to the NYT regarding sexual assault committed by Donald Trump
Nate Silver on Twitter: Huge surge last night in Google searches for how to donate to Clinton's campaign. (Much bigger than for Trump.)
David Fahrenthold (WAPO) on Twitter: That's right: in 2009, @realDonaldTrump used $5K from his foundation to pay the winner of "Trump pays your bills" contest on TV show Extra.
Front page cover of TIME magazine - Total Meltdown.
Paul Ryan Sitting Among Undecided Voters At Town Hall Debate
Independent Conservative Presidential Candidate Evan McMullin on Twitter: .@realDonaldTrump, Yes youve never heard of me because while you were harassing women at beauty pageants, I was fighting terrorists abroad.
Nate Silver on Twitter: "There have been 11 post-debate polls in swing states so far and Clinton has led in all 11. Something's definitely changed..."
Bernie is doing SEVEN rallies in TWO days to stop Trump: Thank you Senator for your amazing dedication.
Former President George H.W. Bush told a room of roughly 40 people Monday that he would vote for Hillary Clinton
Justice Department says it will end use of private prisons
Breaking News: The Times has a memo saying Manafort helped lay groundwork for Crimean annexation.
Joe Biden PASSIONATELY Calls Out Donald Trump on His PTSD Comments, Shares Story of Son Beau.
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "I have 7 beautiful grandchildren and 4 kids. I do not want Donald Trump to be their president"
GOP will block Supreme Court nominees for Clinton, too: "I promise you that we will be united against any Supreme Court nominee that Hillary Clinton, if she were president, would put up," McCain said.
Mark Cuban on Twitter: "So Donald Trump lost more than $50mm of daddy's money by the age of 33. Born on 3rd base, stranded on 1st."
A much needed laugh: CollegeHumor's take on the "Bernie is actually winning" trope
Trump conducted "business in communist Cuba during Fidel Castro's presidency despite strict American Trade bans"
Well you can't knock the Trump Hotel in Chicago for customer service. Glad they delivered on my personal request for a photo of Hillary!
I feel like some people need to be reminded that Bill is not the one running for president
PublicPolicyPolling on Twitter: "Trump won the nomination because he was the only candidate who told the racists in the GOP it was ok to be racist. Bottom line."
Kalli Joy Gray on Twitter: Obviously, at this late stage, the GOP should be required to carry its nominee to term.
"Hillary Clinton thinks your daughter could be president someday and Donald Trump would like to grab her by the pussy. Your move, America." Mike Birbiglia
Bill Maher: Never realized Hillary was the emperor of the world for the last 30 years, solely responsible for every bad thing that ever happened. Hmm.
Dems are building video files, archiving tweets on Republicans who've praised Trump to hit them in 2017, 2018, 2020
PEOPLE Reveals 6 Witnesses Who Corroborate Natasha Stoynoff's Story of Being Attacked by Donald Trump
Joy Behar: It's interesting to me that a man who dodged the draft 6 times, who did not pay taxes for 18 years, and got free media attention for a year, is saying that the system is rigged against him. It sounds to me that the system is rigged FOR him.
The Onion: Anderson Cooper Begins Debate By Giving Trump Opportunity To Explain What The Fuck Is Wrong With Him
Meghan McCain on Twitter: Trump is going nuclear on the GOP instead of Hillary because he knows he's going to lose & is going to need someone to blame when it happens
Breaking News from Brian Thompson on Twitter: "URGENT BREAKING: NJ judge issues Probable Cause criminal summons vs. @GovChristie for official misconduct in office #Bridgegate @NBCNewYork"
The Onion: Biden Busted In DNC Parking Lot Selling Bootleg Im With Her T-Shirts
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: Republican fear-mongering is making this country unsafe for people who have done nothing wrong.
GOP Rep. Richard Hanna: I'll vote for Clinton; first House member to cross party line
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "When Donald Trump spends 11 hours testifying in front of a congressional committee, he can talk to me about stamina."
Paul Krugman on Twitter "Let's be clear: a candidate for president promised to put his opponent in jail if he wins. Everything else is secondary."
The Bernie supporters who have come here in good faith have my respect. Props to them.
By releasing an email with my words -- and pretending they came from Clinton advisor - Putin has shown his hand.
Donald Trumps $100,000 donation to Louisiana flood victims went to a local anti-gay hate group: Trumps six figure donation actually went to a group called the Greenwell Springs Baptist Church, which is a local front for interim pastor Tony Perkins, the head of the Family Research Council
Trump Suggests Shooting Clinton, Her Supreme Court Picks, Or Both
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "The attack on the Orange County HQ @NCGOP office is horrific and unacceptable. Very grateful that everyone is safe."
Jeb Bush on Twitter: As the grandfather of two precious girls, I find that no apology can excuse away Donald Trump's reprehensible comments degrading women.
CNN tells Trump adviser he's losing: "Says who?" "Polls." "Which polls?" "All of them."
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "Delete your account..."
Sanders: My emails would be just as bad about Clinton
Secret Ledger in Ukraine Lists Cash for Donald Trump's Campaign Chief
Jon Favreau on Twitter: Today, the Republican nominee for president angrily urged the nation to "check out" a sex tape. 39 days to go.
Donald Trump has personally been paid at least $5.7 million by the Saudi government since 2001.
Paul Begala on Twitter: "If only Trump had attacked that Gold Star family in an email, then it would be newsworthy to Lauer."
This is today's New Yorker's cartoon.
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "The American people will never support a candidate whose major theme is bigotry. We will not allow Donald Trump to become president."
Okay, she got undecided voter Ken Bone! "It would be unconscionable for me" to see marriage equality rights "taken away by a Supreme Court justice appointed by Donald Trump"
Libertarian VP Candidate Gives Up, Will Focus on Preventing Trump Presidency
"Humayun Saqib Muazzam Khan"
Scotland's First Minister - "Hate hearing @HillaryClinton described as 'lesser of two evils' when she's actually a smart, strong, experienced, resilient woman."
Jerry Springer on Twitter: "The RNC Convention is just a parody of my show. Even the chanting. This is not how we run a country!"
Mike Pence Accused of Voter Suppression in Indiana
Trump used $258,000 from his charity to settle legal problems
Sending Tim Kaine good vibes tonight for the VP debate, as he fights for our country.
Former Obama Speechwriter Jon Favreau on Twitter: After a DEFCON 1 freakout, we now know the emails in question were: 1) Not from Hillary 2) Not from her sever 3) Not from her investigation
Bernie Sanders: If my supporters 'take a hard look' at what Gary Johnson stands for, they won't vote for him
McCain granddaughter comes out in support of Clinton
Exclusive: George H.W. Bush to vote for Hillary
NYC parks department on naked Trump statue: "NYC Parks stands firmly against any unpermitted erection in city parks, no matter how small.
Trump asked  three times  in a foreign policy briefing, 'if we have nuclear weapons why can't we use them?' On @Morning_Joe
Chelsea Handler on Twitter: She got Bin Laden; you didn't even get an Emmy.
1973, first Donald Trump appearance in the NY Times: "Major Landlord Accused of Antiblack Bias in City"
Melania Trump plagiarizes Michelle Obama's 2008 convention speech
"Nasty Woman and the Bad Hombres" Poster
Former Obama Advisor Dan Pfeiffer on Twitter: Trump just turned in the worst debate performance in nearly 40 years
Breitbart thought the polls were biased against Trump. So it did its own poll. Clinton won.
Ana Navarro on Twitter: "Should Donald Trump drop out of the race? Yes. He should drop out of the human race. He is an animal. Apologies to animals."
Hugh Laurie on not understanding hatred for Hillary "It's as if I missed the first reel of the film where she burned down the orphanage"
Elizabeth Warren on Twitter: "Donald Trump makes death threats because he's a pathetic coward who cant handle the fact that hes losing to a girl."
Seth MacFarlane: "South Park's Family Guy episode was funny. So was SNL. If I can take it, a Presidential candidate can. Sack up."
@sabika: Christie was just standing there. He had nothing to say. Maybe he wasn't "allowed" to! #TrumpSacrifices
Obama to Democrats booing Donald Trump: "Dont boo. Vote."
Bill Clinton: Im a white southerner  I know what Make America Great Again means
(((Harry Enten))) (538) On Twitter: "This was a field of 17... More GOP primary voters chose Trump than any other candidate. It's on them."
The front page of /r/politics is simply beautiful
Ezra Klein: Clinton won this debate in part because she had more stamina for this than Trump. He flagged badly after 30 minutes. She didn't.
Rep. Duckworth to Trump: I didn't serve my country 'so you could invite Russia to interfere with it'
The San Diego Union-Tribune has not endorsed a Democrat for President in its 148-year history. Until now.
TRUE: Mike Pence advocated for 'conversion therapy'
I Wrote That I Despised Hillary Clinton. Today, I Want To Publicly Take It Back.
Trump voter: "I like Trump because he says exactly what he means." Trump: "Somebody shoot my opponent." Trump voter: "He didn't mean that."
What Hillary Clinton was doing when she was looking down at the debate
Trump: "If I don't win on Nov. 8, I will consider this the single greatest waste of time, energy, and money of anything I've ever done."
JORGE RAMOS (Univision) on Twitter: Exactly a year ago I told @realDonaldTrump he couldn't deport 11 M. Then he threw me out of his press conference.
Nate Silver: "TRUMP now leads in 538's now-cast, our estimate of what would happen in an election today."
Tim Kaine makes history: Delivers speech entirely in Spanish during Spanish-language church service
BTFO on a plane - anybody who complains about their microphone
Decided to try my hand at drawing the three main presidential candidates
In an interview with ABC News' George Stephanopoulos, Donald J. Trump responded to bereaved Army father Khizr Khan's criticism. Trump says "I've made a lot of sacrifices," and questioned whether Khan's speech had been written by the Hillary Clinton campaign.
'The Atlantic' Editors Endorse Hillary Clinton for President
Senator Tim Kaine on Twitter: We're up in the pollsthat's great. But when the wind's at your back, it's time to run faster. Be a part of this.
Cards Against Humanity offering Hillary & Trump expansion packs - all the money will go towards Hillary's campaign
Will McLeod on Twitter: "I just choked on my coffee when my friend referred to Jill Stein as Tofu Palin."
George Takei on Twitter "I hear the bathrooms in Trump Tower are being relabeled "Bad Hombres" and "Nasty Women.""
Kasich: Trump owes Obama apology for birtherism claim
The Tampa Bay Times, Florida's most widely circulated newspaper, endorses Hillary Clinton for President.
Meghan McCain on Twitter: I would ask what kind of barbarian would attack the parents of a fallen soldier, but oh yeah it's the same person who attacks POW's.
Governor John Kasich on Twitter: There's only one way to talk about Gold Star parents: with honor and respect. Capt. Khan is a hero. Together, we should pray for his family.
KoenigRyan on Twitter: "It turns out, when people sign off Reddit and Fox News, they realize Hillary Clinton is pretty amazing. #ImWIthHer"
'Between Two Ferns' director: Trump too thin-skinned for our show
Reality TV idea: We build a fake White House and put Trump in it and tell him he's president. Film the whole thing.
Republicans switching to Hillary roll call
Hey Millenials: welcome to your own "Clinton Scandal"
Joe Biden: "Proud to marry Brian and Joe at my house. Couldn't be happier, two longtime White House staffers, two great guys."
President Obama - Passion is not Enough, You Need A Strategy...You Have To Vote ALL THE TIME, Not Just When It's Cool, Not Just When You're Inspired
Paul Krugman on Twitter: "I think I'm seeing a shift in media narrative, from hyping the supposedly close election to Trump disaster porn. This could be a big deal."
Bernice King (daughter of MLK) on Twitter: "As the daughter of a leader who was assassinated, I find Trump's comments distasteful, disturbing, dangerous. His words don't Live Up."
The FBI were investigating Trump for mafia related money laundering. Giuliani made the case disappear.
Fox News on Twitter: .@HillaryClinton: "A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons." #DemsInPhilly
Ousted Ukrainian president paid millions to top Trump aide
ppl like "what's with Hilary's pantsuit, she looks like a interplanetary leader from the future." FUCKING DUH DRESS FOR THE JOB YOU WANT.
Hillary Clinton's Appearance on 'Between Two Ferns' Breaks Records for Funny or Die (Exclusive): Hillary Clinton appearance on Between Two Ferns was viewed more than 30 MILLION times in 1st 24hrs
Just voted for Hillary, legal marijuana, school funding, background checks on guns, higher minimum wage, and Ranked Choice Voting in Maine! It was a good day.
Garry Kasparov:"Saying that fair elections are rigged is as much a crime against democracy as saying that rigged elections are fair."
CBS Breaking News: More questionable footage of Trump's comments on women -- In an Entertainment Tonight Christmas feature in 1992, Trump looked at a group of 10-year-old girls and said he would be dating one of them in ten years. At the time, Trump would have been 46 years old.
Elizabeth Warren on Twitter: "The man who was ranting & raving on stage tonight has no business controlling our economy OR our nuclear codes. #debatenight"
Mike Pence is releasing his tax information. He must not realize that this makes Trump's refusal stand out all that much more.
First on CNN: Top Jeb Bush adviser leaves GOP, will vote for Clinton if Florida close
Dear Sanders Supporters, if you don't want to vote for HRC, don't.
Paul Krugman On Twitter: "Trump To Call For End To Estate Tax, Which Only Kicks In At $10.9 Million. Populism! Http://Bloom.Bg/2b25fhq Via @Bpolitics"
President Obama: Outstanding 3 for 3 debate sweep for @HillaryClinton! Nobody has ever been more prepared to be @POTUS.
The Onion: Pneumonia Virus Terrified After Remembering What Clintons Cabable Of
Republican Strategist Ana Navarro on Twitter: I stand by this. Someone whose 1st reaction upon a person's death is, "I told you so", is simply unfit to be HUMAN
RNC halts Victory project work for Trump
Cher on Twitter: "SOME1"PLEASE"TELL ME,HOW CAN A 70 YR OLD MAN SAY"IT WAS 10Yrs AGO" R WE SUPPOSED 2CUT THIS ANIMAL SLACK,CAUSE HE WAS ONLY 60PUL-EASE"
Trump's largest donation before 2016 was to the Clinton Foundation...
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: Trump is wrong. The real cause of instability in the Middle East was the Bush-Cheney invasion of Iraq. By the way, where is President Bush?
Hillary Clinton even won the online Breitbart poll.
Lin-Manuel Miranda on Twitter: Tweetingvoting. Posting a videovoting. Your essay on FBvoting. If you CAN vote and you don't? You've done nothing. #Vote
Trump Spox Katrina Pierson dumbest quote yet: We Weren't in Afghanistan Until Obama Decided to Go In (in 2009)
Jill Stein has 0% support among college educated white women. They're all supporting Hillary
daveweigel (WaPo) on Twitter: "I've been seeing dudes selling/wearing "TRUMP THAT BITCH" shirts at Trump rallies since April. Go ahead and pretend the problem is one man."
About open SCOTUS seat, Justice Thomas: '"At some point, we have got to recognize that were destroying our institutions"
Susan B. Anthony's grave at the moment.
New Swimg State polls FLORIDA: Trump 42 - Clinton 39 OHIO: Clinton 41 - Trump 41 PENNSYLVANIA: Trump 43 - Clinton 41
Bill Maher on Twitter: '"Final thought: Hillary won the debate, but Alec Baldwin did a great job intensifying Trump's insanity. That was Alec Baldwin, right?"
New Yorker cartoon by Bent Schwartz: "Finish Him".
Colin Powell Called Benghazi Stupid Witch Hunt In Email To Condi Rice
They say Hillary is pandering. Meanwhile, Trump tweets a picture of him eating tacos and actually writes "I love Hispanics!"
Kurt Eichenwald: To make clear: @Newsweek posted story on Trump/Cuba. Hackers attacked, took site down. Lots of IP addresses involved. Main ones from Russia.
"Don't Vote for Trump: Our View" - USA Today Editorial Board Has Never Taken Sides in the Presidential Race... Until Now.
Remember y'all: they go low, we go high.
Erick Erickson: To sum up: Republicans who, four years ago, blasted middle class voters for paying no taxes, are praising Trump for not paying taxes.
Alright, I'm With Her
This Barack Obama quote from a rally yesterday sums up this election.
Paul Krugman (NY Times) on Twitter: If we don't hear more from Comey, we just have to conclude that he was trying to swing election. And *that* should be the story.
Jeffrey Goldberg on Twitter: "Trump just asked Russia to spy on his rival, dig up classified U.S. government documents, and release them publicly. How is this happening?"
"Hillary can't draw crowds like Trump."
Clinton spox: "133,000 Latinos have already cast ballots in Florida. That is a 99% increase over 2012.
0/300READ THIS EMAIL: "I feel like this is the type of email from Hillary Clinton people like to ignore"
I just need to declare it....
Breaking: In letter, US Senator accuses @FBI of withholding "explosive" info connecting @realDonaldTrump campaign to Kremlin
80% agree Hillary won the debate.
George Takei on Twitter: The truth? Trump favored war in Iraq, he led the Birthers for 5 yrs, and he tried to buy off Jeb Bush on casinos. Don't let him keep lying.
LeBron James: Why I'm endorsing Hillary Clinton
Wil Wheaton on Twitter: "The Republican nominee for president today told his supporters to commit voter fraud. But something something email, so \_()_/"
President Obama in Twitter: Longest streak of total job growth on record, wages rising at fastest pace in 7 years. We've come a long way, Americalet's keep it going.
Reuters National Poll: HRC 44% (+6) DJT 38%
Clinton to nation: let's bury Trump under landslide
Donald Trump claims hes never spoken to Vladimir Putin. In this 2014 video, Trump says he did.
Trump Has Promised a Supreme Court Seat to a Personal Friend Who Endorsed Him & Who Has Only Worked as a Lawyer a Total of Seven Months
"If you stay in a Trump hotel, refuse to pay. Say that you weren't satisfied. He said that's cool."
Trump says the NFL sent him a letter complaining about the debate schedule. NFL confirms, that's a lie.
Matt Wilstein on Twitter: One of those Supreme Court justices @realDonaldTrump floated, @SenMikeLee, just unendorsed him
Vice President Joe Biden on Twitter: "[Trump
JUST IN: Trump campaign chairman makes it official: Trump "will not be releasing" his taxes
The Associated Press on Twitter: "BREAKING: @AP finds Clinton reached the number of delegates needed to clinch the Democratic nomination for president https://t.co/e473F0G4vX"
Seth MacFarlane: "Holy shit, Donald Trump just knifed a black nun in the chest while peeing on a starving kitten!" "Oh, and like Hillary's any better?!?!?!"
President Obama on Twitter: Just like Michelle says, when they go low, we go high. @HillaryClinton went high and showed why she'll be a POTUS for all Americans.
When Ruline Steininger was born, women couldn't vote. Today, at 103, she voted early in Iowa for the first woman nominee of a major party.
KATY PERRY on Twitter: If you have any more excuses about him after watching this, God have mercy on your soul.
The FBI Will Not Recommend Criminal Charges Against Hillary Clinton Over Email Use
Paul Ryan might still fully rescind his endorsement before Nov. 8, sources told POLITICO.
There are five living U.S. presidents. None of them support Donald Trump.
And They Were Offended to Be Called Deplorables...
Hillary doesn't only rock paint suits. Here's a gorgeous picture of the mother of the bride in Oscar de la Renta.
These 3...
JUST IN: Romney won't vote for Trump: I can't support his "trickle-down" racism
"Anyone who complains about microphone problems is not having a good night." Hillary #SheWon
Politico: Tim Kaine on Donald Trump's baby incident at a rally earlier: "Sometimes you wonder who the baby is."
Sad Ted Cruz Phone-Banking For Donald Trump Is The Meme Of The Campaign
Trump implies Obama had his Birth Certificate Inspector Killed in a Plane Crash (2013)
Stephen Colbert: "I'm glad she [Sarah Silverman
Sam Stein on Twitter: And.... anti-Trump, pro-Clinton group files a DoJ complaint against Comey for election interference
If you are a Hillary supporter in Utah, VOTE FOR HILLARY, mcmullin winning in that state DOES NOT HELP.
Bill Maher on Twitter: Trump: "I get audited every year" Yes, because you're a crook!!
Was a Trump Server Communicating With Russia? Computer Scientists Find Disturbing Patterns to Moscow
Time for FBI director Comey to resign
Sen. Mark Kirk (R-IL) sarcastically impugns disabled veteran Tammy Duckworth's family history of American military service because she's of mixed race. Seriously.
Chris Hayes on Twitter: Before this history gets re-written in real time. The "turning point" in the race was the 1st debate, not the Access Hollywood tape.
Fact is, #DonaldTrump has given us a more detailed plan to sexually assault women than he has to fight Isis.
Reminder to be more pro-Hillary than anti-Trump
Al Gore: 'Consider me exhibit A' for why each vote matters
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "If you wont say the KKK is deplorable, you have no business running the country."
Another Texan checking in. I promised myself after the primaries that I would never vote for Hillary. I'm so, so, so happy to say that I was able to break that promise today.
Donald Trump Polls At 0 Percent In Detroit. Proud of my city!
Alicia Machado on Twitter: I received my passport ! I'm ready to vote For my country for you @HillaryClinton for my daughter For women workers
Dallas Morning News endorses Clinton for president: "This newspaper has not recommended a Democrat for the nation's highest office since before World War II"
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "You literally said all those things."
Kurt Eichenwald on twitter: Word from inside @FBI. FURIOUS at Comey, think he's mishandled public revelations from get go. "Outrageous incompetence" one agent told me.
My reaction after the last couple hours
Joss Whedon on Twitter: "i don't trust Hillary i say LOCK HER UP in a room with NO CORNERS, a sort of oval room, then HARD LABOR running things for YEARS, maybe 8"
Obama Warns Democrats Not to Get Too Comfortable With Lead Over Trump - President tells party to keep 'running scared until the day after the election'
Trump denies saying not paying taxes 'makes me smart' an hour after he said it
Ian Millhiser on Twitter: "Sure, Trump is authoritarian racist, but the Clintons have a foundation that provides health care to AIDS patients, so they're the same."
New campaign ad featuring the Khan family.
A Veteran Spy Has Given the FBI Information Alleging a Russian Operation to Cultivate Donald Trump
Senator Tim Kaine on Twitter "No question who won [last night
Twitter: "Maybe 19th amendment people can do something about Trump"
Epic takedown: "I was an attorney for Trump. Trust me, you don't want him as president."
George Takei on Twitter: Trump could not affirm that he would accept the election result. This. Is. Unamerican.
Obama denounces Trump's predatory comments, calling him 'insecure'
Breitbart just blasted out this story. Oomph...
Hardcore Clinton Supporter Here
Little Miss Flint meeting Obama vs Trump
ABC News on Twitter: "When crowd boos Trump at Clinton rally, Pres. Obama says "Don't boo, vote! Booing doesn't help! You need to vote!"
Obama in 2014: "Let's face it Fox, you'll miss me when I'm gone...it'll be harder to convince the American people that Hillary was born in Kenya"
From a Bernie supporter who proudly voted for Hillary
Mark Cuban blast Trump on Taxes... "I'd bet the 43mm in TAXES the Clinton's paid is not only more taxes than @realDonaldTrump has paid. I'd bet they made more too"
Happy 69th Birthday to the amazing Hillary Rodham Clinton.
Newspaper in Deep-Red Oklahoma Endorses Hillary: "We consider this presidential election perhaps the most important presidential election in American history given whats at stake, and after reviewing the policy positions of both candidates, we believe Clinton is the obvious choice for our vote."
Thank you r/hillaryclinton for being a readable subreddit.
Dan Rather on Twitter: The @washingtonpost investigation into Trump's misuse of "charities" is getting less attention than it deserves
BREAKING: Harriet Tubman to appear on new $20 bills!
New York voters. DO NOT wear Clinton clothing/buttons/whatever to the polls.
"Clinton path to 300+ rock solid. Structure of race not affected by Comey's reckless irresponsibility. Vote and volunteer, don't fret or wet" - David Plouffe
14 Days
Congratulations! /r/HillaryClinton now has 30,000 subscribers! #StrongerTogether
Louis C.K on Hillary: "I dont think she needs any advice from anybody. Shes unbelievable. [She
"And then he said, 'no one has more respect for women than I do'!"
Bernie Sanders: Before you cast a protest vote, "Think hard about it"
The First Lady on Twitter: "55 years young and that smile still gets me every single day. Happy birthday, Barack. I love you. -mo"
A newly surfaced video shows Donald Trump grabbing and kissing a former Miss Universe onstage
Trump directed $2.3 million owed to him to his charity instead
Just a friendly reminder: Rally crowds don't win elections. Lawn signs don't win elections. The opinion of /r/Politics doesn't win elections. Voting wins elections.
Nate Silver on Twitter (March 2016): Exclusive @FiveThirtyEight projection on what the Electoral College would look like if women refuse to vote Trump.
CBS Evening News on Twitter: "BREAKING: CBS confirms Trump national political director Jim Murphy has left the campaign."
Bill Kristol on Twitter: "I'm old enough to remember when Republicans didn't think private emails should be hacked, especially at behest of a hostile foreign power."
I Am Incredibly Enthusiastic About Voting For Hillary, Not Just Against Trump
Bold prediction: When Hillary wins NY, the top post on /r/politics will be a Youtube video of "voter fraud" rather than an article about her win.
Former Bernie or Buster Here, Now All In For Hillary :)
Tim Miller (former Bush spokesperson) on Twitter on Donald Trump's interview on ABC where he says the people of Crimea wanted to be annexed by Russia: "I wonder where he heard this BS talking point? Oh, right, from the Russian agent running his campaign."
Marc E. Elias on Twitter: "BREAKING: Florida Federal Court Extends Registration Deadline to Wednesday at 5pm due to hurricane. PI hearing is Wednesday."
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: (in response to Trump claiming to be "blue collar") Never heard of a blue collar worker losing nearly $1 billion in a year and cheating hundreds of other workers in the process.
Vox on Twitter: Clinton: "I'm not here to take away your guns. I just don't want you to be shot by someone who shouldn't have a gun in the first place."
Nate Cohn on Twitter: Here's something to consider: What if the polls show more Democrats because... there are more Democrats than Republicans in America?
Breaking: Former teen mayor of Partridge, Minnesota seen campaigning for Hillary Clinton.
Clinton wins 92% to 8 in Univision viewer poll  Trump trolls no hablan espaol.
I like that the blue "upvote balloon" rises higher and faster than the red one.
YASSS: Hillary Clinton on Twitter: Where was this kind of comedy last night?
The Green Party Openly Preferred George W. Bush in 2000 and Openly Prefers Donald Trump Now
President Obama on Twitter: Couldn't be more proud of @HillaryClinton. Her vision and command during last night's debate showed that she's ready to be our next @POTUS.
Reddit myth shattered: "Hacker known as "Guccifer" admitted that he lied about gaining access to Hillary Clinton's private email server"
CNN/ORC Poll: who won the debate? Clinton 57% to Trump 34%
Some criticized Hillary for not wearing a flag pin during the debates. For those that paid attention she had bigger plans.
Dems, dont get happy: Despite big media narratives of a Clinton runaway victory, 100 days is a lifetime in politics
Reports confirm Donald Trump's dad was arrested at Klan rally, and that those arrested were "berobed"
Sanders to 'Bernie or Bust' Movement: I'm Not With You
Hillary Clinton: Thanks to everyone whos reached out with well wishes! Im feeling fine and getting better. Like anyone whos ever been home sick from work, Im just anxious to get back out there. See you on the trail soon. -H
The Washington Post: Gary Johnsons Aleppo gaffe was bad. But Trumps consistent ignorance is worse.
"I'm not bossy. I have leadership skills."
Flawless logic
Hill and Michelle just packed a coliseum in NC, turning away hundreds. Incredible atmosphere. About that "enthusiasm gap"...
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: Anybody who is suppressing the vote because they know that those people will vote against them is a political coward.
"The Florida Dems are beating the GOP in voter-registration forms submitted by 503,000 to 60,000."
Mark Cuban on Twitter: "Every single @realDonaldTrump hotel and golf course is toast. Done. Over. Bernie Madoff now has a better brand."
Wikileaks Backfired: New CNN Poll Shows 50% Believe Russia Interfering with Election. Clinton up 20+ on Foreign Policy. Slightly Ahead of Trump on Terrorism
Former Dept of Justice Spox Matthew Miller on Twitter: Comey refused to even tell Congress if FBI was investigating Trump camp for Russia hack, but regular updates on Clinton are apparently A-ok.
Katy Perry rocking the "Nasty Woman" shirt today in Las Vegas
Mark Cuban on Twitter: If @realDonaldTrump loses this election, im betting he personally goes bankrupt w/in 7 yrs. Thats how toxic his brand now is.
Angus Johnston: "I'd like to hear just one Republican say he's disavowing Trump to set an example for his son."
Channel 4 News on Twitter: ".@BarackObama: "Trump says there's never been a worse time for black people. He missed the lesson on slavery."
The Trump campaign is now blaming Hillary Clinton for Melania's plagiarism scandal
Trump Campaign Chair Paul Manafort Resigns
Don't allow the recent good polling releases allow you to get complacent.
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: ".@FLOTUS, I'm in awe. Thanks for putting into words what's in so many of our hearts. -H"
Mark Cuban slams Donald Trump: Not paying taxes is greedy, not smart
Greetings from r/sandersforpresident.
Yes, Trump was charged with discrimination in 1970s
Politifact on CNN: 71% of Donald Trump's statements were false while 72% of Hillary Clinton's statements were true.
Texas GOP accidentally endorses Clinton
New national polls put black voters support for Trump very, very close to 0-percent.
Nate Silver on Twitter: "The system is rigged in favor of the candidate who's won 3 million more votes. Unbelievable. https://t.co/TqMXrY3rw0"
Trump Is Wrong, Little Haiti Goes for Hillary 19 to 1
Glenn Beck: If not electing Trump means electing Clinton, 'so be it'
NYTimes: Trump Likely Didn't Pay Taxes For 18 Years
Hillary Clinton Announces New National Service Reserve, A New Way for Young Americans to Come Together and Serve Their Communities
Miami-Dade's Republican mayor: I am voting for Clinton
Trump supporter tells CBS: He will make America great again like it was before the homosexuals
Republican Strategist Ana Navarro on Twitter: Just when I thought Trump had exhausted my ability to be shocked, appalled & disgusted, he manages to shock, appall & disgust me anew.
Molly Knight on Twitter: Donald Trump is getting his ass kicked so thoroughly by a woman that he's calling for her to be drug tested for PEDs .
Christopher Hayes on Twitter: "You have sacrificed NOTHING." -- Khizr Khan, who's son was killed in action, addressing Donald Trump.
My first ever general election, just voted for Hillary Clinton, against sheriff Joe Arpaio, and for marijuana legalization in the SWING state of Arizona.
Trevor Noah: "The trump tapes shouldn't offend you on behalf of females. It should offend you as a human being."
Guy Benson on Twitter: Anti-Trump operative tells me 2 more big oppo hits coming. Says 1 is ~on par w/ 'p***y grab,' the other is worse.
Mike Drucker (Comedian) on Twitter: If you're offended by the phrase "basket of deplorables," you never get to complain about a fucking trigger warning ever again.
79% of millennial women say they are voting for Hillary
Obama, 10 days before Orlando: "peoplehave been on ISIL websitesUS citizenson the no-fly listbut because of the NRA, I cannot prohibit those people from buying a gun. a known ISIL sympathizerwants tobuy as muchweapons and ammo as he can, nothings prohibiting himeven though the FBI knows"
Hillary Clinton 4 years ago.
Trump insults Hillary's body, says when he checked her out when she walked past him during the debate, "believe me, I wasn't impressed."
Southern Poverty Law Center: Report found that the Trump campaign is producing an alarming level of fear and anxiety among children of color and inflaming racial and ethnic tensions in the classroom.
85% drop in early voting after polling sites slashed from 16 to 1 in Democratic Guilford County, NC
Kurt Eichenwald on Twitter: "A candidate for President just recited false info from a Russian disinformation op as fact. How did Trump get it?"
Nick Offerman: Hillary Clinton is the 'sane,' 'moral' choice
Hillary Clinton on Twitter "I'm glad Trump found out that Crimea was part of Ukraine. By the way, I heard he was on the verge of acknowledging gravity"
John Aravosis (Editor @AMERICAblog) On Twitter: "Barb. Bush On Trump: "He's Said Terrible Things About Women... Military. I Don't Understand Why People Are For Him.""
Lifelong Cubs fan, Hillary Clinton, can't hide her excitement while watching them cement their trip to the World Series.
Take the Jill Stien Pledge
Dismayed by Donald Trump, Michael Bloomberg Will Endorse Hillary Clinton
So, Donald lied 16 times and Hillary lied....0.
Sanders discourages third-party votes: 'Not the time for a protest vote'
Megyn Kelly Apologizes To Hillary Clinton For Reading Doctored Quotes Attacking Bernie Supporters
Ambassador Chris Stevens' mom writes letter to NYT, objects to Trump using his name for "cynical" political gain
In 1922, the New York Times doubted that Hitler believed in his own racist rhetoric.
Mark Cuban on Twitter: Read the entire fbi release. No wonder they released Friday of a holiday weekend. It clears @HillaryClinton 100pct
Barbara Bush: "I dont know how women can vote" for Trump
Dylan Byers (CNN) on Twitter: Crowd laughed when @realDonaldTrump said no one respects women more than I do."
Tim Kaine's reaction to Trump's comments: "It's a window into the soul of a person who is just temperamentally not suited to the task."
Comey Letter Backfires As Email Scandal Revival Energizes Hillary Clinton Supporters
RT if youre proud of Hillary tonight.
Anyone else gain even more respect for Hillary after reading the Wall Street speeches?
NYT Editorial Board: "its time for Mr. McCain and other Republican leaders to set an example for their party by withdrawing support for Mr. Trump."
If you listed Hillary Clinton's accomplishments without a name or photo, people would be wondering why this amazing mystery candidate is not running against her.
Martin O'Malley drags Trump and leaves FOX News hosts stuttering as they try to bait him into attacking Hillary Clinton
Latest New Yorker Magazine Cover Targets Trump's Weight Hypocrisy
Trump supporters on my facebook feed last night
Megyn Kelly: "Sigh."
lvdjgarcia on Twitter: Dear Dems: That anger & outrage youre feeling right now? Hold on to it, use it to fuel efforts to elect Hillary, a Dem House & a Dem Senate
Ana Navarro (Republican official/CNN commentator) on Twitter: 2016 is so weird, we even got to hear speeches by Michelle Obama on the opening night at both political conventions.
Donald Trump: Veterans who take their own lives arent strong, cant handle it.
Poll: Nearly two-thirds of debate watchers said Hillary Clinton won
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "The good news is that my pneumonia finally got some Republicans interested in womens health. Hillary
Kurt Eichenwald on Twitter: ".@realDonaldTrump was up at 4am tweeting attacks on a former miss universe. This is not the behavior of a psychologically stable individual."
CNN/ORC poll: President Obamas approval rating has risen to 54%, the highest of his second term.
Elizabeth Warren on Twitter: "Give me a break, @realDonaldTrump. Youre not losing because its rigged. Youre losing because we see through your creepy bullying."
In deposition for Trump Plaza bankruptcy case, Trump's own lawyer testified they often met with him in pairs because Trump lies so much.
CNN Politics on Twitter: Clinton campaign manager: I'm concerned Trump "will be graded on a curve."
Hey morons on r/politics: The "noise machines" at the DNC are Cisco Grayling wifi antennas
ARIZONA is now a pure toss-up according to Polls-Plus, we're only behind by .1%!
Former Apprentice Contestant Summer Zervos Says Donald Trump Sexually Harassed Her After The Show
Courtenay Hameister on Twitter: When youre used to preferential treatment, equal treatment feels like discrimination.
Irony
Can I just say how touched I am that this national landslide, this straw that broke the camel's back and started this week's enormous pull away from Trump was because of people outraged at how he treated a US Muslim?
Remember, if I lose, the race is rigged
A Great Moment in First Amendment History
Dan Merica (CNN) on Twitter: A heckler interrupts Clinton's event in CO. She responds, "Gotta feel a little sorry for them, they've had a bad couple weeks."
Conservative Republican Bill Kristol on Twitter: To @realDonaldTrump: Please remove that American flag lapel pin. You don't deserve to wear it.
TRUMP: We still have too many women supporting us. GINGRICH: Let me go on Megyn's show tonight.
This is what Alicia Machado looked like when Donald Trump called her "Miss Piggy"
For The First Time In 2016 CNN, MSNBC, and Fox News Carry Clinton Rally And Ignore Trump
Obama Declares Trump 'Unfit' to Be President
Trump: I didnt sexually assault a People magazine reporter, because look at her
Yes, theres a rigged election: The one that ensures a Republican House majority
Front page of tomorrow's NY Daily News
Republican Strategist Ana Navarro on Twitter: I can't remember the last time a political ad made me cry. This one did. RIP Capt. Khan. American hero.
Chris Hayes on Twitter: We're about 5 days from Trump threatening to sue anyone who votes for Clinton.
Donald J. Trump on Twitter in 2012: HALF of Americans don't pay income tax despite crippling govt debt...
Mark Cuban on Twitter: Donald is just jealous the Clintons get paid more for speeches and have earned more than he has. They have a better worldwide brand too
Today's Doonesbury pretty much nails it.
Howard Dean on Twitter: The Smoking gun. Ukranian files show Trump-Manafort-Yanukovich-Putin connection. Trump is a national security risk.
Here's Jill Stein talking about the 'dangers' of wifi signals
Tammy Duckworth on Twitter: The #GOPplatform opposes allowing women in combat. I have a question for the committee: where do you think I lost my legs - in a bar fight?
Warren to endorse Clinton
Just a group photo of 5 guys who are NeverTrump!
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "My name is Mae Wiggins. I was denied an apartment in the Trump buildings based on the color of my skin."
Expat living in China here. Felt patriotic today - whipped myself up a few bacon cheeseburgers, grabbed a cold bud, and voted against a total moron. Ballot in the mail, +1 vote to Hillary
Per WaPo, "Donald Trump now says 'a global power structure' is out to stop him." We are, but most people just call us women.
As of this morning, Florida Democratic Party has submitted 469k voter registration forms; Republican Party of Florida has submitted 59k
Wil Wheaton: That Clinton Foundation Scandal the Press Wants Exists, But they Wont Report it Because its Actually About the Trump Foundation.
Donald Trump Used Campaign Donations to Buy $55,000 of His Own Book: Trump used his campaign funds to buy thousands of copies of his own book at retail cost, simultaneously diverting donor money back into his pockets while artificially boosting his sales figures.
You do know you just attacked a Gold Star family? one adviser warned Trump. Trump didnt know what a Gold Star family was: Whats that? he asked.
DNC beats RNC ratings for third night, Trump begs you to stop watching
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "Glad to hear @mike_pence, his staff, Secret Service, and the crew are all safe. -H"
16 Days
Foreign Policy has endorsed Hillary Clinton for President of the United States - Their first Presidential endorsement, ever.
Assange October Surprise... my book is 40% off!!!
JUST IN: Kasich refutes Trump: His campaign contacted me about VP job
Sanders vows to 'campaign vigorously' for Clinton
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: I congratulate @HillaryClinton on this historic achievement. We are stronger together.
Clinton Leads by 7 Points in North Carolina Poll
Donald Trump said, 'Crime is rising.' We say Pants on Fire!
Ronan Farrow on Twitter: "Those who are preaching hate in our country will be asked to leave", says Donald Trump, not understanding the concept of irony
Michael McFaul (former Ambassador to Russia) on Twitter: "BTW, Trumps line that Obama founded ISIS echoes exactly a myth propagated by Russian state-controlled media and bloggers."
This week's cover of TIME magazine
Andy Richter on Twitter: It is crystal clear that it is the patriotic duty of every American voter to ensure that Donald Trump is not elected president.
Per Harry Enten: Clinton up 15 in new AP/GFK poll
James Franco endorses Clinton with his own campaign ad, calls her 'most interesting woman in the world'
Donald Trump Called Deaf Apprentice Marlee Matlin Retarded
Bill Clinton Say's Trump's "Make America Great Again" Is a Racist Dog Whistle: "If youre a white southerner, you know exactly what it means, don't you? It means Ill give you the economy you had 50 years ago and Ill move you back up the social totem pole and other people down."
[Trump
MSNBC: BREAKING: Hillary Clinton is the projected winner of the New York Democratic primary.
Can we take to moment to realize that even though there were multiple top posts on r/politics of this massive walkout it never even came close to happening?
Longtime Donald Trump surrogate Newt Gingrich on Thursday smacked down the Republican nominee, saying little Trump is frankly pathetic.
BAHAHAHAHAHAHA: "Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee"
Exclusive: Trump campaign chief is registered to vote in Florida at unoccupied home
Flashback: Rove Erases 22 Million White House Emails on Private Server at Height of U.S. Attorney Scandal  Media Yawns ... Double standards?
Jeet Heer on Twitter: "Trump is about a day away from demanding to see Humayun Khan's birth certificate & military record."
RuPaul on Twitter: "Hillary. President Clinton if you're nasty"
Desperate
Mike Pence REFUSED to call David Duke Deplorable on CNN right now!!
BREAKING: Supreme Court Just Ruled that Domestic Abusers Can't Have Guns
Negative views of Donald Trump just hit a new campaign high: 7 in 10 Americans
Trump Supporter Infuriated After Hillary Wins His Own Biased Post-Debate Poll
Spotted at the Bloomsburg, PA fair yesterday
Since he endorsed Donald Trump in June, Paul Ryan has denounced him roughly once a week
Newt Gingrich Lost It and Blew Up at Megyn Kelly: You Are Fascinated with Sex!
David Martosko on Twitter: "Trump just said his employees are having a hard time with Obamacare.... so .... he doesn't provide benefits?"
Laura Meckler (WSJ) on Twitter: Whoa: Campaign says 18,500 people turned out to see Clinton at Ohio State. That's an Obama-like crowd.
Dan Pfeiffer on Twitter: In the eyes of the GOP, people too poor to owe taxes are "takers" and rich people like Trump who don't pay taxes are "geniuses"
Ryan: Trump should release tax returns
Sen. Sanders on Trump's appeal to his voters: "I suspect he won't get too many of my people. The vast majority of people who voted for me understand that Trump in a dozen different ways is literally unfit to be president."
Hey Arizona! We're counting on YOU!
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "Its amazing that Im up here after Donald. I didnt think hed be OK with a peaceful transition of power." Hillary at the #AlSmithDinner
I'm following Bernie's lead.
Former DoJ spokesman loses it over new FBI probe: Comey flagrantly violated DoJ rules
In Utah, 33% more Democrats than expected have voted
Wrote Hillary to see if she'd wish my wife a happy 30th birthday, and holy smokes she came through!
It's 3:20am. As good a time as any to tweet about national service.
To recap: Trump trafficked in underage girls for illegal immigrant labor, then confiscated their earnings for "rent" at flophouses before sending the girls home with debt, resulting in accusations of slavery from the girls. Donald Trump trafficked in illegal child labor, at best.
Hillary Clinton holds a 9 point lead over Donald Trump in the crucial swing state of Florida.
Gentle reminder to be nice to the Bernie supporters...
Wanna talk about "rigged"? Wisconsin clerk limits voting near campus because students lean more toward the Democrats
Brent Spiner on Twitter: "Remember when Gerald Ford got so pissy about Chevy playing him as a clumsy oaf on SNL? Oh, right, he didn't."
"Reading polls re Clinton are revealing; she wins on all substantive measures, but people have 'doubts.' This is how job discrimination works."
LA Times endorses Clinton
Paul Krugman: Id like to make a plea to young Americans: your vote matters, so please take it seriously.
Briefings.
The founder of ISIS has a 53% approval rating in Colorado
Hillary Clinton responds to Trump's new "I'm With You" shirt on Twitter: You* *offer not valid for Muslims, women, Latinos, African Americans, LGBT Americans, middle-class families ...
She has three titles that can be used to respectfully address her; First Lady, Senator, or Madame Secretary. Matt Lauer addressed her as "Hillary". He referred to the bankrupt businessman as "Mr.Trump". Tonight I learned more about Matt Lauer than I did either candidate.
"I begged my son, I begged him, do not come back a hero, come back to me a son. He came back a hero." - Ghazala Khan
Trump on the Commission for Presidential Debates: "I have no respect for that group by the way, I'm done."
NEW PPP POLLS: Clinton Leads in Key Battlegrounds; Seen As Big Debate Winner
#Breaking News: Trump campaign chairman helped pro-Russian governing party in Ukraine route funds to DC lobbying firms. (The Associated Press)
Stephen Colbert: "Hopefully someday, Trump will be telling the story about how he tried to f*** America, and failed."
Donald Trump thinks SNL is rigging the election and should be canceled
Polls: Clinton leads in Florida (45% to 42%) and Pennsylvania (49% to 37%)
Julie Roginsky (Contributor @FoxNews) on Twitter: "Put partisan feelings aside and judge this ad objectively. It is absolutely devastating."
CNN finally found out how to easily call out Trump on his lies
I Ran the C.I.A. Now Im Endorsing Hillary Clinton.
Marcus Hawkins (conservative columnist) on Twitter: "It's so rigged how Hillary is developing a ground game and will be turning out early voters and has staff and studies issues and stuff."
Ezra Klein on Twitter: "rump's plan today: start a fight with Paul Ryan Clinton's plan today: outline agenda to fight deep poverty"
Trump tweets "I respect them all" about Hillary supporters. @HillaryClinton responds: Except for African Americans, Muslims, Latinos, immigrants, women, veteransand any so-called "losers" or "dummies."
Donald Trump has a massive Catholic problem (Obama won Catholics +2 but Clinton is up +23)
"healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency"
Martin O'Malley on Twitter: "For the future of the country, I am committing my energies to the election of Secretary Clinton as the next President. #ImWithher"
New Poll Shows Clinton Leads Trump by 4 Points in Alaska
"tonight, we are pretty much sending Hillary Clinton to drill into a giant asteroid & nuke it from the inside before it can destroy the earth"
Conservative Republican Tom Nichols on Twitter: If Robby Mook had taken $12 million in Russian-sponsored cash, Trump supporters would be demanding summary execution for treason.
Trump Shills caught red handed
Unlike Donald Trumps wife, I didnt plagiarize my speech, Mr. Khan said
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "Education is at stake. The environment is at stake. LGBT equality are at stake. Equal pay is at stake. IWillVote.com"
Justice Officials Warned FBI That Comeys Decision To Update Congress Was Not Consistent With Department Policy
I helped rig the election for Hillary in Ohio today.
New Ohio poll puts Hillary Clinton ahead of Donald Trump by 9 points after news of Trump's vulgar talk
TFW r/The_Donald Learns What a Real October Surprise Is
NEW --> CNN/ORC flash poll says @HillaryClinton wins #debate 62-27. Yuge.
Breaking: Politico: Donald Trump backs out of debate with Bernie Sanders
Just realized my "Stronger Together" pin has Braille on it. That's pretty cool!
Early look at the "New York Daily News" tomorrow
Giuliani's daughter is for Clinton
Monmouth OH poll: Clinton 44, Trump 42
I'm With Her
RuPaul on HIllary clinton: Do you want a pompous braggart who doesn't know anything about diplomacy? Or do you want a badass bitch who knows how to get shit done?
Harry Reid Tells Democrats To Not Get "Overconfident"
Obama speechwriter Jon Loett: "You endorsed a racist with a personality disorder for the most powerful job in human history. I'm sorry that's not working out for you."
Trump boots baby from Virginia rally
Zeddonymous on Twitter: "Trump wants to leave NATO, keep Assad, let Russia annex Crimea, remove troops from Japan, Germany, South Korea. Why WOULDN'T Putin help him?"
Peter Kauffmann on Twitter: "I'm old enough to remember when cozying up to Russian dictator while attacking NATO would've been disqualifying for presidential candidate."
The Salt Lake Tribune editorial board endorses Hillary Clinton for president (front page cover)
Dear Mr. Putin, I am not Sidney Blumenthal
If you are praying for an #OctoberSurprise or a terror attack, you might be rooting for the wrong candidate. You may also be a bad person.
Conservative Republican Bill Kristol on Twitter: Bottom line: Trump was doing pretty well for the first fifteen minutes, then Hillary went on the offensive, and Trump choked. #Debates2016
Eric Boehlert on Twitter: "ABC, CBS, NBC have devoted more minutes to Clinton emails this year than **all policy issues combined.**"
What if every woman got their own Anderson Cooper when they talked? "Please don't interrupt her, she did not interrupt you."
Kurt Eichenwald on Twitter: "GOP Congress spends a year and a half investigating Clinton emails, but refuses to investigate whether Russia is hacking our election? WTF?"
why i refuse to vote for the lesser of two evils
Trump Says Clinton Made Up Quotes About Him So She Provides Links to Every Single One
The Miami Herald recommends Hillary Clinton for president of the United States
Trump's Claim that Clinton Wants to Raise Taxes on the Middle Class is "Pants on Fire"
Donald Trump said, 'Crime is rising.' It's not (and hasn't been for decades)
John Boehner slams Ted Cruz: I have never worked with a more miserable son of a b*tch in my life
PublicPolicyPolling on Twitter: "One under covered reason Hillary has struggled: sheer sexism. 40% of Trump voters in OH say country is inherently better off w/ a male POTUS."
Bruce Springsteen: "I like Hillary. I think she would be a very, very good president.". Calls Donald Trump a 'Moron'.
Jeb Bush on Twitter: This is so incredibly disrespectful of a family that endured the ultimate sacrifice for our country
Kurt Eichenwald (Newsweek) on Twitter: 1. FBI not reopening the investigation. 2. Comey legally had 2 inform Congress, because he testified they had finished reviewing evidence,
Glenn Beck Says Michelle Obama Delivered 'The Most Effective Political Speech' Since Reagan
Attacked by Donald Trump - A *PEOPLE* Writer's Story
So, Pence, you NEVER said Putin was a better leader than Obama? Oh, girl...
Trump on porn actress who accused him of misconduct: 'Oh, I'm sure she's never been grabbed before'
Republican Senator Jeff Flake on Twitter: .@realDonaldTrump saying that he might not accept election results is beyond the pale
Clinton Campaign might need to address this new wikileak
New Rasmussen National Poll, Clinton 45, Trump 38. 7 point gain.
"One day, Donald Trump is going to look a reporter straight in the eyes on national TV and say 'I never ran for President.'"
After Trump Tonight I'm 100% On Board
The FBI had Huma Abedin's laptop for five weeks and they waited until today to drop a vague letter. But it's not a "political move?"
Study: Bots accounted for a third of all pro-Trump Twitter activity during the debate
FiveThirtyEight on Twitter: "Our latest polls-only forecast gives Clinton an 87% chance to win the presidency"
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "A person seeking to be the President of the United States should not suggest violence in any way."
New 538 NowCast update has the entire Eastern seabord a shade of blue.
Obama: "Next year someone else will be standing here in this spot, and it's anyone's guess who she will be." #WHCD http://twitter.com/HuffingtonPost/status/726594069347078145/photo/1
The GOP De-evolution
Arnold Schwarzenegger on Twitter: I will not vote for the Republican candidate for President.
Steven Biel on Twitter: "If every GOP senator who opposes Trump supported Merrick Garland, he'd be confirmed. But they're blocking to let Trump pick? #mepolitics"
Hillary Clinton detailed statement on Louisiana flood victims. She says she will visit Louisiana "when presence of a political campaign won't disrupt recovery efforts."
Well millennials now have insight into the anatomy of a Clinton "scandal"
GOP congressman on Clinton: 'A lady needs to be told when she's being nasty'
Mark Cuban on Twitter: Cant wait to give a big hug to my bestie @realDonaldTrump at the debate tomorrow night. I know you miss me!
Outraged by Trump's horrific comments about women? Donate Here....NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!
One of the comments from the NYTimes' Endorsement of Hillary really moved me
Most of Trump's DC policy staffers quit last month after the campaign refused to pay them
House Benghazi Panel Finds No New Evidence of Wrongdoing by Hillary Clinton
Bill Clinton on Twitter: "41 years ago I married my best friend and the finest changemaker Ive ever known. And yes, Im still in awe of her!"
I live in the SoCal desert in which there is heavy Republican presence. Our conservative-leaning newspaper, the Desert Sun, hasn't endorsed a democrat for president in 90 years. Today, they endorsed Hillary Clinton.
Kurt Eichenwald (Contributing Editor, Vanity Fair; Senior Writer, Newsweek) On Twitter: "15 Mins After @Maddow Broke News Of My #TrumpinCuba Story, Trump Sicced Lawyer On @Newsweek. We Told Em: Take A Hike"
Trump Foundation Investigations Now Multiplying
Gary Johnson On Clinton: Everyone Gets Sick. I Recently Had Aleppo
Utah's republican lieutenant governor says, barring huge changes, he won't vote for Donald Trump
Claire McCaskill on Twitter: "As John Kasich considers his VP pick, my 3 year old grandson is considering his career in the NBA."
Republicans Urge Replacing Man Who Hates Women with Man Who Hates Women and Gays - The New Yorker
Donald Trump's foreign ties may conflict with U.S. national security interests
Chris Rock on Twitter: I'm watching the republican convention it's pretty good. What time does George Zimmerman speak?????
Jennifer Bendery (HuffPost) on Twitter: Spotify says its streams of Janet Jackson's "Nasty" have gone up 250% since last night #debate
Ana Navarro on Twitter: Not being funny. Just woke-up. Can't keep track of # of accusers against Donald Cosby. Oops! I mean Donald Ailes. Oops! I mean Donald Trump.
Trump Gave 10 Times The Legal Limit To Florida Attorney General Via Front Companies
Endorsement: Hillary Clinton is the only choice to move America ahead (FIRST EVER DEM ENDORSEMENT FROM THE ARIZONA REPUBLIC)
"How about we treat every young man who wants to buy a gun like every woman who wants an abortion - mandatory 48 hour waiting, parental permission...video on effects of gun violence..."
Crowd chants 'you won' during Al Gore speech at Clinton rally in Florida
Can we just take a moment to acknowledge that if we take the House, Senate and Presidency, DJT will fullfilled his promise to Make America Great Again
Trump threatens to sue over Clinton campaign ads showing Trump speaking
Hours after Twin Towers fell, Trump bragged his building was now the tallest in lower Manhattan
Khizr Khan's back in the news cycle this morning! Khizr Khan slams Donald Trump's "ignorance of the first amendment": I have exactly the same rights he does
Former Miss Arizona: Trump just came strolling right in on naked contestants
Kevin M. Kruse (Historian) on Twitter: Trump demanded Obama produce birth certificate, passport records, college applications & transcripts but won't release his own tax returns?
Sorry I can't feign outrage over the Clinton Foundation taking money from wealthy foreign countries to help people with HIV medication.
Cards Against Humanity just surpassed $300K in fundraising for Hillary Clinton in its 2nd day
Clinton leads Sanders 57-39 in California
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: Thankful for @TammyforIL'sand her family'sservice to this country. It's really not that hard to grasp, @MarkKirk.
10 Days
Congratulations! We're reaching out with a message of unity, because #BernieOrBust is just a very vocal minority -- I, and the overwhelming majority of Bernie supporters, are ready to support and campaign for Hillary in November.
CBS/YouGov Battleground States Poll: 71% say Comey email statement does not affect their vote at all, 6% say it makes them more likely to vote for Hillary.
Conservative Laura Ingraham on Twitter: He should have said he would accept the results of the election. There is no other option unless we're in a recount again.
Sen. Jeff Flake (R-AZ) on Twitter: "States, backed by tens of thousands of GOP and DEM volunteers, ensure integrity of electoral process. Elections are not rigged."
Hardcore Bernie supporter here...
Bernie Sanders to supporters: "It's easy to boo but harder to look your kids in the face who would be living under a Donald trump presidency."
Carved some Hillary pumpkins!
Arizona is BLUE in the 538 Nowcast, and Iowa is BLUE in the 538 Polls-only AND Nowcast!
@realDonaldTrump is currently hovering between 0 & 1% among black voters depending on whether @RealBenCarson is home when pollsters call
Allegations of fraud and misconduct at Nevada Democratic convention unfounded
Bill Weld on Comey letter: "If you don't know, keep your mouth shut. I think it's disgraceful."
Giuliani Says Trump Better for US 'Than a Woman'
Trump = 3 wives, Newt = 3 wives, Rudy = 3 wives , Rush = 3 wives. But Hillary Clinton is the bad person for having 1 husband.
John Kerry on 2004 run: "I remember on the bus in Iowa, my staff thought I'd broken a rib from coughing because my walking pneumonia was so bad."
The Boston Globe: "New questions arise about Clinton Foundation ties to State Department." - Jon Favreau: "This is a story about how Bill Clinton had the nerve to ask the State Dept for passports for his traveling staff. They were traveling to North Korea to negotiate the release of hostages"
Mexican President Enrique Pea Nieto on Twitter: "At the beginning of the converation with Donald Trump I was clear that Mexico won't pay for the wall."
Brian Stelter (CNN) on Twitter: Essay: Trump is sowing doubt about the legitimacy of the election. It's dangerous. Press has a duty to challenge him.
Bernie Sanders: I support Hillary Clinton. So should everyone who voted for me
No matter which way you slice it, more people want Hillary.
Don't Let Electoral Votes Fool You - the Sexual Predator Has the Support of 43% of Americans. Get out and Vote!
Republican Jesus
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: It's pretty telling that Donald Trump thinks the problem with his sexist tweets is the time that they were sent.
Jeffrey Goldberg (The Atlantic) on Twitter: So, a Muslim-American couple of uncommon valor may play a crucial role in bringing down Donald Trump. God has a great sense of humor.
Matt Hodges on Twitter: "The liberal party in the Senate held a 15-hour filibuster against gun special interests. The 'political revolution' senator didn't show up."
BREAKING: Hillary Clinton sweeps the deep south of New York, Pennsylvania, Maryland, and Delaware.
Hillary Clintons campaign is making its long-rumored move into Arizona, projecting confidence as it hopes to steal a red state with a win that the Clinton campaign says would effectively end Donald Trump's chances of becoming president.
Jesse Lehrich (Hillary for America) on Twitter: hey, @realDonaldTrump  regarding your claim that Captain Khan would be alive if you were president: go fuck yourself. #debate
The Columbus Dispatch endorses Hillary Clinton for President. Last Democratic nominee they endorsed was Woodrow Wilson.
Clinton campaign chief to Florida: Extend voter registration because of storm
Best Tweets about last nights debate
President Barack Obama Moves To Protect Planned Parenthood Funding, Permanently
John Kasich on Twitter: "Someone said we dont win anymore. Must not be watching Americans swimming in Rio tonight! #Rio2016"
BREAKING: For the First Time in Five Years, No Public Poll Has Barack Obama's Approval Index in the Negatives!
Trump just told everyone to go vote on November 28
Elizabeth Warren on Twitter: ".@HillaryClinton doesnt whimper, whine, or run to twitter at 3am. She keeps fighting for those who need her. Thats why #ImWithHer. #debate"
Omaha (NE) World-Herald breaks 80 year tradition, endorses Hillary Clinton for President.
Will McAvoy: "If Hillary Clinton is a criminal, as you allege, she is Danny Ocean meets Keyser Soze. The greatest criminal mastermind of all-time. Hundreds of millions of dollars spent on countless investigations over thirty years, and not a single piece of hard evidence against her."
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "Hurricane #Matthew is a major storm. I urge everyone to follow emergency instructions and evacuate if you're told to. Stay safe Florida. -H"
Ky. gov: Patriots may need to shed blood to 'reclaim' US if Clinton wins
Ice Cube on Twitter: I will never endorse a mothafucka like Donald Trump! EVER!!!
Bernie Sanders sends text to delegates: "I ask you as a personal courtesy to me to not engage in any kind of protest on the floor."
Bernie Sanders: "If you dont believe this election is important, take a moment to think about the Supreme Court justices that Donald Trump will nominate, and what that means to civil liberties, equal rights and the future of our country."
Donald Trump's company violated the US embargo against Cuba -- According to Kurt Eichenwald's Newsweek Cover Story out tomorrow
Obama: once out of office, Im gonna stop being polite and start getting real
President Obama on Twitter: Great speech. She's tested. She's ready. She never quits. That's why Hillary should be our next @POTUS. (She'll get the Twitter handle, too)
Donald Trump: "Pocahontas bombed last night! Sad to watch.", Elizabeth Warren: "You didn't like a speech explaining why you'll never - NEVER - be President, @realDonaldTrump? I'm shocked!!! #hatersgonnahate"
Kurt Eichenwald on Twitter: Every current/former Dept. of Justice official I speak 2, GOP or Dem, says Comey must resign/be fired 4 election interference. All outraged.
Kyle Griffin on Twitter: "The emails were not to or from Clinton"  U.S. law enforcement official tells @latimes
Tad Devine on Twitter: "@donnabrazile reached out to me and the Bernie camp consistently during the primaries. She was fair and square with us."
Republican (and Trump supporter) Ari Fleischer on Twitter: Winning candidates don't threaten to put opponents in jail. Presidents don't threaten prosecution of individuals. Trump is wrong on this.
Slain Soldier's Parents Say GOP Has 'Moral Imperative' to Disown Trump
Im not making this up. @HillaryClinton reads Breitbart News headlines. Crowd responds w/ mix of laughter & gasps.
Father of slain Muslim soldier: Trumps remarks typical of a person without a soul
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "I'm happy to compare my 30 years of experience with your 30 years." Hillary to Trump #DebateNight
NEW NBC/WSJ National Poll conducted post Trump Tape has Clinton leading by 11pts
NYT endorsement: Hillary Clinton for President
Poll: Voters with higher levels of education favor Clinton
Sanders Supporter for Hillary
Tweet from Hillary: "Congrats to @BernieSanders on winning Wisconsin. To all the voters and volunteers who poured your hearts into this campaign: Forward! -H"
If Donald Trump is elected president and Republicans hold onto Congress, House Speaker Paul Ryan is bluntly promising to ram a partisan agenda through Capitol Hill next year, with Obamacare repeal and trillion-dollar tax cuts likely at the top of the list.
Bernie Sanders: Don't vote Green
Joss Whedon: "She has endured 30 years of an unending smear campaign ... The GOP has been trying to sway public opinion against Hillary since before a lot of voters were born"
Donald Trump to Howard Stern: It's okay to call my daughter a 'piece of ass'
British singer Lily Allen on Twitter: "@realDonaldTrump Scotland voted IN you moron"
Apples and Oranges
Gavin Newsom explains why he's with Hillary
Bernie supporter here, I just drove a Hillary voter to the polls in Pennsylvania.
Hillary for North Carolina on Twitter: Polls are officially open. #NCVotesEarly
Bern-out officially now a Hillary fan
Hillary Clinton is the only pro-vaccination candidate out of Trump, Johnson and Stein. How is this possible in 2016?
PSA: Its really, really sexist to blame Hillary Clinton for Bills infidelity
Michael Moore on Twitter: While they're trying 2 load Old Man Donald into his car,Hillary is now in Westbury at a debate watch event giving a rousing speech #stamina
Nate Silver on Twitter: In all polls so far, Clinton's improved relative to the pre-convention version of the polls. In other words, she's gotten a larger bump than Trump...
Tonight search interest in voter registration spiked +190% to the highest point since the end of the primaries
#truth Birth control? BAN IT! Abortion? BAN IT! Gay marriage? BAN IT! Guns? Look, banning things never works. People will find ways to get them.
The Associated Press on Twitter: "BREAKING: Investigators: 3 fellow Syrians recognized Germany bomb plot suspect from wanted poster, turned him in to police." - Pay attention, Sniffles!
Can we just talk about the tie?
WSJ reports that not a single CEO among the Fortune 100 is backing Donald Trump. Perhaps he's not the respected businessman he claims to be.
Norman Ornstein (the Atlantic): It is amazing. Lauer interrupted Clinton's answers repeatedly to move on. Not once for Trump. Tough to be a woman running for President.
Nate Silver on Twitter: At the rate we're going Trump's going to come out for the 3rd debate in a Hannibal Lecter cage.
Bill Kristol on Twitter: "The comments by Ryan, Rubio, Walker, Cruz and so many others, even if sincere, are meaningless posturing if they still endorse him."
I sold Trump $100,000 worth of pianos. Then he stiffed me.
John Oliver Is Back, And He Wants You To Get F**king Outraged Over Donald Trumps Scandals
Al Gore: If You Care About The Climate Crisis, Dont Vote For A Third Party  ThinkProgress
Bernie Sanders working with us: We have virtually no voter fraud in America. What is the fraud is that people are changing laws because of so-called voter fraud.
Harry Enten (538) on twitter: How about we don't blame women for what their husbands did?
Sanders returning to campaign trail for Clinton: Sanders says he will do everything he can to get Clinton elected
David French on Twitter: "I never thought I would see the day when a GOP nominee for president would attack Gold Star parents."
Guess who else uses private email?
Paul Krugman on Twitter: So, a typical Clinton "scandal": no evidence of wrongdoing, relentless hyping by Rs, institutions -- some press, maybe FBI -- being used
Harry Enten: Why do folks continue to argue that most polls in Brexit showed remain winning? During June, Leave led in 17 polls, Remain in 14, 3 ties. What happened is a lot of folks chose to ignore those polls. That's the real lesson of Brexit. Same with primary. Don't ignore the polls.
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "On the basic economic issues  trade, minimum wage, climate change, pay equity  Gary Johnson's positions are disastrous."
Enquirer: It has to be Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton Is The Only Candidate Supporting Mandatory Vaccines & That's Crucial
Elizabeth Warren on Twitter: "Of COURSE @realDonaldTrump  a guy who calls women fat pigs & bimbos  picked a VP who is famous for trying to control womens bodies."
Sen. Lindsey Graham urges Republicans to rescind their endorsement of Trump after the racial attacks on Judge Curiel: "This is the most un-American thing from a politician since Joe McCarthy."'
Fox News Poll: Clinton Leads Trump By 7 Points
Poll: Trump falls into tie with Clinton among Utah voters
Paul Krugman: Just as Al Gore was not "just as bad" as George Bush, Hillary Clinton is not "just as bad" as Donald Trump.
Jon Favreau on Twitter: "I just voted for @HillaryClinton. Feels pretty damn good."
13 Days
Just voted in Texas!
ABC News on Twitter: 56% of Clintons backers in new @ABC tracking poll say theyre voting to support her, not oppose Trump, a new high
Sean Hannity was going to interview Trump today. But Trump just CANCELLED
I was a hardcore bernie supporter. I regret my intensity during the primary. Because I know too many people who's lives Donald trump would destroy.
"Reid says he's talked w/ top NatSec officials who say that Comey possesses explosive information about Trumps ties to Russia" -Sam Stein
Trump on Clinton's bodyguards: "Take their guns away. She doesn't want guns... let's see what happens to her."
Eighty-five percent of Sanders supporters intend to vote for Clinton
Clinton campaign brings in Sanders' director of student organizing as National campus and student organizing director
President Barack Obama endorses Hillary Clinton for president
This new email malarky just proves the false equivalence Hillary has faced not only during this election but throughout her public life...
Mark Hamill on Twitter: "Normally I don't go political on this page either, so I'll thank you not to use it to insult my father. #DadVader #DonTheCon #ImWithHer2016"
"People accuse me of all kinds of thingsyouve probably seen that. But nobody ever accuses me of quitting. Hillary
It's not just "Trump yells at baby..."
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: Despite what the media tells you, politics is not a soap opera. Politics is about COMING TOGETHER to improve the lives of all.
Donald Trumps campaign CEO fired a new mother suffering from multiple sclerosis while she was on maternity leave, according to a lawsuit
Paul Ryan on Donald Trump's Second Amendment remarks: "You should never joke about something like that.
Republicans for Hillary are buying up electronic billboards on the strip for the debate...
Texas poll: Clinton within 4 points of Trump, 4743%.
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: Donald Trump is using his foundationfunded by other people's moneyto settle lawsuits.
Wil Wheaton on Twitter: "Matt Lauer, you needed to do better. America was depending on you, and you let us down. This was disgraceful."
I made a Hillary Clinton Snoo
9 Days
I just voted for the first time! I am proud to vote for Hillary Clinton for President and Tammy Duckworth for US Senate!
Washington Post endorses Hillary Clinton for President
Al Gore to campaign for Clinton, hoping to galvanize young voters on climate change
Brian Stelter (CNN) on Twitter: Important detail: there was no dramatic ratings drop-off between 9 & 10:40pm. Viewers were glued to entire #debate
"Like a Girl"
Greg Dworkin (Daily Kos) on Twitter: "Having a Russian mole working for Trump for months, who had to resign, is a bigger story than a non-apology speech that indicates nothing."
In new poll, support for Trump has plunged, giving Clinton a double-digit lead (51% to 39%)
A thousand words.
Trump Warns That Clinton Will Rig Debate by Using Facts - Andy Borowitz
Neil King (WSJ) on Twitter: The RNC calls September's 156K in new jobs "disappointing." It is nearly eight times the average 20K under George W. Bush.
Fox News poll: Clinton 49 - 39 Trump (Hillary +5 since June)
Former Sanders supporter here, ready to help bring this party together.
John Amato on Twitter: Money quote from Comey: "Of course, we dont ordinarily tell Congress about ongoing investigations" Just admitted what he did was political!
New The Atlantic Poll: +11 Lead for Clinton
Bernie Sanders has privately informed Hillary Clinton that he plans a "surge" of campaign events in key battleground states.
"72 percent of respondents said they want to see moderators point out when a candidate says something that is untrue"
Elizabeth Plank on Twitter: Glad we spent 10 minutes on emails and 14 seconds on how female members of the military cause their own rape epidemic.
Hillary Clinton Reveals her Ocean Plans. No other major-party candidate has had a platform on oceans.
Trump campaign CEO Bannon complained of Jews at daughters' school
Donald Trumps doctor, who vouches for his health, lost his medical fellowship twenty years ago
Clinton Demands to Know Which Insults Trump Regrets
The Associated Press on Twitter: BREAKING: US employers add a robust 255,000 jobs; unemployment rate stays 4.9 pct., while wages pick up.
Mitt Romney Trashes Trump: "He doesn't pay taxes. He doesn't have much income. He's receiving income from unsavory sources...There's something in those taxes that's even worse than shooting someone on Fifth Avenue"
How large is the Secret Hillary Club? Red-state women may be defying their Trump-loving husbands.
Chelsea Clinton on Twitter: "Happy Birthday Mom! I hope that one day Charlotte & Aidan are as proud to be my children as I am to be your daughter"
These Women Were Born Before The 19th Amendment And Now Are Voting For Hillary Clinton
There's a new silent majority, and it's voting for Hillary Clinton
Republican Strategist Ana Navarro on Twitter: Silver-lining for Trump: his grossly offensive comments about Khan's, drowned out truly clueless ones about Ukraine.
Conservative Republican Erick Erickson on Twitter: Attacking a man who lost his son in war makes you a piece of dog manure. Disgusting and pathetic.
Wajahat Ali on Twitter: "Democrats voting for Trump to spite Clinton, please visit us, your Muslim friends, in the camps."
Paul Ryan clashes with Trump again, strongly defends role of NATO, U.S. free trade agreements
Donald Trump just made his worst tweet yet
"The New American Gothic" Steve Benson
Donald Trump, who criticized a slain Muslim soldier's family, received 5 deferments from the Vietnam draft
Woke up to this random text from my mother.
John Stoehr: "Lots of bad headlines re Comey letter. Reason? Instead of leading with letter, reporters led with Republicans view of the letter."
Gallup: Clinton wins debate 61-27
Newsweek: Donald Trump's company violated the U.S. embargo against Cuba (Kurt Eichenwald)
Conservative Republican Amanda Carpenter on Twitter: I am sure hearing a lot more about God and faith at the DNC than the RNC.
The people actually holding up "Latinos para Trump" signs
Bulk of the money collected at Hillary Clinton fundraisers will go to down-ballot Democrats - Politifact says TRUE
NBC's @PeteWilliamsNBC: FBI has not reviewed new emails. No way can review before vote. We don't know what's in emails. Not from Clinton.
First in line at 6 in the morning, standing in the rain all day, and it was so worth it.
FOX News Poll: Who won first debate??? Hillary Clinton 61%, Donald Trump 21%
"Gennifer Flowers will remind Trump of something he is - an adulterer. Mark Cuban will remind hm of something he's not - a billionaire."
Matthew Gertz (Media Matters) on Twitter: Not sure on what planet Trump's real estate and personal brand empire isn't a bigger conflict of interest than Clinton's charity.
Josh Barro (MSNBC) on Twitter: The DNC is co-opting Republican tropes while maintaining Democratic ones because there is now only one political party for grown-ups.
Democratic National Convention, Day 4
DNC ratings higher than RNC on opening night
The Worst Reality Show, ever!
George Takei on Twitter: Trump properties are scrambling to get his name off of buildings. GOP leaders sure wish they could do the same with ballots.
Make-up artist who sued Donald Trump in 1997 harassment case says p---y grabbing is exactly what he did to me
Remember, even the haters and losers get Trump's best wishes on 9/11.
Paul Krugman (NY Times) on Twitter: So it turns out that Colin Powell was untruthful about emails. But press ignores because he's so upright and honest
The Clinton Foundation isn't a scandal or a slush fund. It's an astonishingly successful charity that saves millions of lives.
Donald Trump has now had as many campaign managers as he's had wives.
Mark Cuban: I will vote for Clinton [to keep this racist 5 year old who throws tantrums out of office.
Obama's approval rating hits new high (55%)
Bill Weld: "I'm not sure anyone's more qualified to be President of the U.S. than Hillary Clinton."
??????
Josh Jordan on Twitter: "We now have four scientific polls on who won the debate: Morning Consult: Hillary +23; YouGov: Hillary +27; CNN: Hillary +25; PPP: Hillary +11"
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: Trump just failed his first foreign test. Diplomacy isn't as easy as it looks. -H
Shannon Coulter on Twitter: "Does it make anyone else nervous that Paul Manafort may currently have access to classified U.S. security briefings?"
"...laziness is a trait in blacks. It really is, I believe that. Its not anything they can control." -Donald Trump
President Obama on Twitter: Incredible speech by an incredible woman. Couldn't be more proud & our country has been blessed to have her as FLOTUS. I love you, Michelle.
:D Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "Hi"
No, Donald Trump, abortions do not happen at 9 months pregnant
What Mike Pence thinks vs. What Donald Trump says
Garry Kasparov on Twitter: Governor Pence, Vladimir Putin is a strong leader in the same way arsenic is a strong drink. Your country should be ashamed of you.
Amazing: Trump refuses to support Paul Ryan, John McCain in upcoming Republican primaries.
Conservative Republican Tim Miller on Twitter: Her son is dead. This is inhuman.
Nate Silver (538) on Twitter: "Doubling down on a loyal 35% of the electorate is an uncannily brilliant strategy in a 17-way primary but not looking so hot in the general."
Michael Reagan (Pres.of The Reagan Legacy Foundation) on Twitter: "My father would not support this kind of campaign,if this is what the Republican Party wants leave us Reagans out.Nancy would vote for HRC"
Kasich: 'Very unlikely' I vote for Trump
Meg Whitman, Calling Donald Trump a Demagogue, Will Support Hillary Clinton for President and Raise Money for Her
CNN Politics on Twitter - Cruz: I am not in the habit of supporting people who attack my wife and attack my father" http://cnn.it/2adyUEi
"We didnt know where Hillarys votes were coming from because they didnt feel it was safe to tell us in the first place"
Hillary Clinton on Twitter "Trump loves conspiracy theories almost as much as his hat. But why choose? Make your own tin foil #MAGA hat"
Michelle Obama denounces Trump for 'bragging about sexually assaulting women'
J.K. Rowling on Twitter: "When a man this ignorant & easy to manipulate gets within sniffing distance of the nuclear codes, it's everyone's business. #RestOfTheWorld"
Biles on her legacy: Im not the next Usain Bolt or Michael Phelps. Im the first Simone Biles
When they come at us with outdated memes
People who arent voting for Hillary Clinton cant call themselves liberal
Matt Hodges on Twitter: "Donald Trump bankrupted a casino. It shouldn't shock you that he doesn't know what 'rigged' means."
NBC News/WSJ Poll: Clinton now holds 11-point national lead over Trump
Associated Press on Twitter: BREAKING: Prosecutors say they will charge Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio with criminal contempt of court over immigration patrols.
Why isnt Trump facing a bribery investigation?
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "Thank you, @BernieSanders, not just for your endorsement, but for a lifetime of fighting injustice."
Just saw Hillary in person. Madam President is made of steel.
Larry Wilmore on Twitter: "To catch you up, Trump basically kissed the Republican party, grabbed it by the pussy, and they are just now realizing what happened."
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "I accept your nomination for president of the United States! Hillary
Donald Trump suggests President Obama was involved with Orlando shooting
I've always wondered what that looked like
GOP have already declared Mike Pence the winner of tonight's debate. Oops. 
Leaked memo: Fox News VP reminds staff online debate polls 'do not meet our editorial standards' (Business Insider)
ABC News Politics on Twitter: .@HillaryClinton to @CeciliaVegaABC on whether Trump will do next debates: "If I'm the only person on stage, I'm the only person on stage"
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: Not a single living president has endorsed Donald Trump.
WaPo Editorial: The Hillary Clinton email story is out of control
Overflow line for HRC and Michelle here in NC. What was that about an "enthusiasm gap"??
Donald J. Trump on Twitter: Polls close, but can you believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED. Media rigging election!
Steve Weinstein on Twitter: "Clinton afterward went to greet the questioners. The American people. Trump goes to his own clan. Tells you a lot."
Republicans were almost obsessively interested in Barack Obama's church going habits but Inhave yet to even hear what church Donald Trump attends?
New Clinton Camp Web Ad on Trump & Alt-Right: "There's a reason the most hateful fringe of the right wing is supporting Donald Trump."
GOP Rep. Richard Hanna: I'll vote for Clinton; first House member to cross party line
The Michelle Obama Speech That Brought Down The House At The DNC
[Republican Senator Jeff Flake
Alex Seitz-Wald (NBC) on Twitter: Just in: Ecuador says they cut off Assange's internet because they don't want to interfere in the U.S. election
REMINDER: Trump camp spent weeks saying we should unequivocally believe sexual assault accusers without question
Florida Trump aide @healybaum resigned Monday. "It is clear the campaign is now going in a direction I am no longer comfortable with."
Khizr Khan: Trump is draft dodger, must return Purple Heart gift
Props to all the Bernie supporters joining the team after last night's results.
Sanders supporter Seth MacFarlane: "No matter who your Presidential candidate is, an angry mob is an angry mob. Don't be a mob. It is human nature at its lowest."
Screw it. Have another 25$ Hillary. #EmailsDontScareMe
Trump Is OK With Calling Ivanka a Piece of Ass and Other Horrible Things He Told Howard Stern
Trump tells CNN he still considers Central Park 5 guilty: "They admitted they were guilty. police in original investigation say they were"
Ivanka Trump says she is for Paid Family Leave, but her workers do not get it
414 Days since Donald Trump announced his candidacy for President. STILL NO TAX RETURNS
Clinton up 15, a 10 point convention bounce
Julia Louis-Dreyfus on Twitter: Since this is #VEEP nite at #DNC2016 I thought it would b appropriate 2 declare proudly #ImWithHer @HillaryClinton
California Gov. Jerry Brown Endorses Clinton
Michigan Republicans Cancel Election Night Party
FiveThirtyEight on Twitter: There's a 25% chance of a Clinton landslide:
Tom Nichols on Twitter: "She looks like a President, and he looks like the kind of guy the Secret Service keeps away from Presidents. #debatenight"
Sanders Says Clinton Comments in Leaked Audio 'Absolutely Correct'
Trump at 0% of Black voters in Ohio
Hillary Clinton catching up to Donald Trump in Indiana; Democrat set to win Mike Pence's old job
Bernie Sanders: "If Trump is concerned about companies going abroad maybe he should move his plants out of Bangladesh where workers are paid 30 cents an hour"
Hillary Clinton isn't the lesser of two evils. She's one of the most experienced candidates in history
Protester interrupts Trump: "You're Putin's bitch"
Bernie Sanders Campaigns with Hillary Clinton
Matthew Yglesias (Vox) On Twitter: "No Coincidence Here: The Emails Weren't "Leaked" They Were Hacked And Released Specifically To Benefit Trump."
As An OB/GYN, I Can Tell You There's No Such Thing As Ninth Month Abortions
Judge extends Florida voter registration deadline until October 18
Voter registration deadlines tomorrow in FL, GA, IN, KY, LA, MI, NM, OH, PA, SC, TN, TX. Get your friends & family registered + Share this on social media.
Jesse Tyler Ferguson on Twitter "My takeaway of the #VPDebate: Pence is asking Americans to get behind a candidate who's words he himself can not defend."
'Hang the B*tch!' 'F*g!' 'N*gger!': Uncensored Rally Videos Expose Donald Trump's America
The GOP tried to sink Obama. Instead, the party imploded: If your political priorities are the total defeat of a single politician  not the advancement of your own policies  it fans the flames of extremism
John Harwood: "Manafort not challenging Trump anymore. Mailing it in. Staff suicidal."
Say hello to your next President, /r/all.
Donald Trump buys himself an attorney general for $25,000
Hillary Clinton is closer to winning red states than she is to losing swing states
Fusion did the numbers: RNC had 18 black delegates. DNC has 1,182 black delegates.
Congratulations on Hillary's big wins tonight - A Bernie Supporter
GOP Senator Lindsey Graham: I Think Trump Is Going To Lose
Don't get complacent
Hey! Im Hillarys CTO and Im really excited about our new tech policy
Clinton expands lead over Trump in Reuters poll into double-digits, 46%-35%.
CNN: US should be prepared for Russian election hack
Clinton: We cannot put 'climate denier' in White House
Afternoon Roundtable - 10/10
The Daily Beast: Donald Trumps Online 4chan and Reddit Trolls Turn on Their God Emperor
Tim Kaine on Trump's Muslim ban: "Look, if it's Muslims this week, it could be Mormons next week."
Greg Sargent on Twitter: CLINTON: "I regret emails." [repeats 1000x
Jane Sanders: 'I don't understand' why some Bernie supporters aren't backing Hillary
60 Minutes - 'Trump OK with Pence's vote for Iraq war, but not Clinton's'
Hillary plays her Gameboy shortly after becoming first lady, 1993 | [xpost /r/HistoryPorn
Nate Silver on Twitter: People are *reaallllly* pushing the "it's tightening!" narrative and cherry-picking a lot to do it.
Stephen Colbert on Twitter: "Trump mocked a porn star who accused him of assault. Odd he's so judgmental, given that he built his brand by screwing people."
Conservative Republican Bill Kristol on Twitter: And Trump is now basically losing it, talking about the credit he deserves for opening a country club.
Obama Throws Himself Into 2016 Race Hellbent on Clinton Victory: "Barack Obama is about to launch a presidential campaign blitz for Hillary Clinton unprecedented in the modern era, pledging a dramatic commitment of time and resources..."
In push for Hillary Clinton, Obama tells black voters, 'You want to give me a good sendoff? Go vote'
Hillary Clinton speech on how Donald Trumps campaign has mainstreamed the "Alt-Right" hate movement
Breitbart, source of Trumps new head executive, classifies climate believers as pure scum
Paul Moch on Twitter: "Politifact determined that Hillary was actually the most truthful candidate (of either Party) in 2016."
Conservative Republican Erick Erickson on Twitter: 15 days, 13 hrs before the election & Trump supporters are already blaming everyone but their crappy, undisciplined candidate for his loss.
Sniffles on Twitter (2012): "China is cooking up conspiracy theories that the Olympics are rigged. They don't understand why they can't cheat."
Muslim boy, 7, beaten by classmates because of Trump: father
I'm done with Trump.
Republican Gov. Whitman: Why Clinton is the only choice for president | Opinion
Washington Post Editorial Board: Its beyond debate that Donald Trump is unfit to be president
Giddy Tim Kaine Presses Face Against Campaign Bus Window As Horse Trailer Drives By
Let's make sure dems dominate down ticket and Hillary has a blue congress be a blue nation
Young voters flee Donald Trump in what may be historic trouncing, poll shows
Founders of Netflix, Airbnb, and Tumblr endorse Clinton for president
Joe Biden endorses Hillary Clinton
Despite 2001 Promise, Donald Trump Made No 9/11 Donations in Year After Attack, Audit Finds
And now you see the second half of the Kaine strategy playing out
Steelworkers Endorse Hillary!
The Economist: Hillary Clinton's 50% deplorables statement is off. It's actually 58%.
Hillary Clinton unloads on Trump and his campaign: "He's taking hate groups mainstream."
Harold Itzkowitz on Twitter: "The Manafort scandal may be too tough for Trump supporters to understand. It involves foreign stuff and numbers."
Questions arise about the legality of Melania Trump's immigration to the US. No, seriously.
This Man's Story About Hillary Clinton Is Going Viral Because It's Honestly the *Best*
New York Daily News on Twitter: "Tomorrow's front page @nydailynews Editorial Board endorses @HillaryClinton for N.Y. primary https://t.co/dAwXn9nYFD https://t.co/ADWRY3SDMp"
I've been a long term Republican. I've liked Kasich since the beginning, but was also a fan of Jeb. With trump left, I'm voting for Hillary. She has my full support
No, Internet, Obama did not get 108% votes in OH county
Suffolk University Poll Shows Clinton Leading Trump by 9 Points in Pennsylvania
Any other Republicans supporting Clinton here?
Nancy Pelosi Endorses Hillary Clinton for President
Gave money to Bernie, Giving Money to Hillary, and just Voted for her too!
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "What Trump is trying to do is pretend that hes some kind of champion of working people. How hypocritical can you be?"
This AP photo of a New Jersey voting booth sums up this historic moment
/r/hillaryclinton has reached 15,000 subscribers.
Senator Barbara Boxer (D - Calif.) on Twitter: "Message to Hillary: We will stand with you against this last-minute intrusion in the presidential race."
Clinton Readies Post-Election $275Bil infrastructure plan that would be paid for by corporate tax-law changes
"We were in the boardroom ... and he just stopped in the middle and pointed to someone and said, 'You'd f... her, wouldn't you? I'd f... her. C'mon, wouldn't you?'"
Reid Says Trump Used Charity as 'Personal ATM,' Citing Reports
Gary Johnson: 'What Is Aleppo?'
TIL The Clinton Foundation has an A rating from CharityWatch, and is considered a "Top Charity"
Moody's: Hillary Clinton's economy would create 10.4 million jobs in 4 years
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "Hard to believe they spent so much time talking about me and no time talking about jobs or education or health care." Hillary on the RNC
Harvard Study Confirms The Media Tore Down Clinton, Built Up Trump And Sanders
NEW Monmouth Univ NATIONAL Poll of LV's: Clinton leads by 12 points!
Conservative Ben Howe on Twitter: Theres been more dirt dug up on Ken Bone during the last few days than was dug up on Trump during the entire primary season. #priorities
This Wasn't a Debate.This Was a National Gaslighting. | Mike Pence won because he was shameless about denying reality.
Ambivalent Hillary Voters: Dont Assume Someone Else Will Stop Trump
[Jon Favreau, frmr Obama speechwriter
"Trump responds to Bloomberg's speech by saying he hits a golf ball further than him. Cannot make this up."
Trump asked if it was too late to change his VP pick
Obama warns Dems against 'Tea Party mentality'
Republican consultant Mike Murphy: Trump is now attacking our Democracy. Any Elected R who doesn't condemn this anti-American thug will carry a moral stain forever. #cowards
Hillary Clinton Drops A Debate Bomb On Trump By Releasing 19 Pages Of His Fact Checked Lies
"It just seems that the economy does better under the Democrats than the Republicans." Donald Trump, March 2004
Hillary's "With Her" debuts at #1 on US podcast charts!
No Donald, mayonanaise is not a sacrifice
Colbert monologue: "Bernie's fans may divide the Democrats. It's time for the story of a man named Ralph Nader"
Mother of Pulse Nightclub Victim Asks Americans to Vote for Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton on 'Ellen': Don't think this election is over
Barack Obama: America will take the giant leap to Mars
Trump won the nomination because he was the only candidate who told the racists in the GOP it was ok to be racist. Bottom line.
ATTENTION: Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, New Mexico, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas, & Washington - You must register NOW!!!
Kurt Eichenwald on Twitter: "Let's talk about deplorables: They went after my CHILDREN on social media. Because I wrote some stories about their God. Sick, twisted people."
No Stamina...
Binyamin Appelbaum (NY Times) on Twitter: Today we learned there are two Americas: One that thinks "taco trucks on every corner" is terrifying, and one that thinks: delicious.
Hillary Clinton's private emails reveal a time she schooled experts on an obscure scientific detail
David Axelrod on Twitter: .@realDonaldTrump losing college-educated white voters by 7. @MittRomney won them by 12.
The next time Donald Trump, one of his supporters or an ignorant friend, neighbor or passerby criticizes, belittles or attacks a Muslim, show them this photo of an American hero. Captain Humayun Khan.
17 Pictures Of Bill Clinton Playing With Balloons last night
If we're going to have a "revolution," I don't want it led by people who genuinely cannot tell the difference btwn Clinton and Trump.
REMINDER: Early vote starts today, Nevada! We're stronger together when we vote early. Find the polling location closest to you  IWillVote.com
Hillary +10 nationally (Fairleigh Dickinson)
Trump Foundation lacks the certification required for charities that solicit money
Poll: Nearly 40 percent of Trump backers say minorities have too much influence
Hillary is in talks with Al Gore about hitting trail to make case on climate & warn against voting third-party
Jane Sanders: Trump continuing innuendo re: HRC's health. We met w/HRC for 2 hours re: policy. She's still brilliant. Politics getting uglier all the time
Donald Trump savages Japan, saying all they will do is 'watch Sony TVs' if US is attacked and threatening to 'walk' away from treaty
Former CIA director on Hillary Clinton: "I never saw her bring politics into the Situation Room [...
Supreme Court Strikes Down Texas Abortion Law, Breathing New Life Into Roe v. Wade
Can I just get this off my chest?
With 1 month to go: Every Battleground is BLUE on 538. Our hard work is paying off
Clinton: Trump rooting for the housing collapse
@dylanlscott @jbouie it's truly amazing how calling racists "racist" has become more deplorable than actually being a racist.
Clinton leads Trump by 12 points in Reuters/Ipsos poll
GOP Convention included a "Women for Trump" event and almost no one showed up.
Eugene Mirman: "Seems like Trump can barely handle a month of the kind of scrutiny & media onslaught Hillary has put up with for decades."
ABC News tracking poll: Hillary Clinton 50%, Trump 38%, Johnson 5%, Stein 2%
George Takei on Twitter: When the media gave him millions in free air time, Trump loved them. Now when they do their job and ask questions, it's a global conspiracy.
Tom Hanks on why he is voting for Hillary Clinton.
Mike Pence says Clinton-Kaine is an "insult-driven" campaign as Trump tweets insults
Wil Wheaton (/u/wil) on Twitter: "I can't recall another major party nominee in my lifetime (maybe in the modern era) calling for murder like he does. Disqualifying."
Jimmy Carter: Why I will proudly cast my vote for Hillary
AP Editor Admits Tweet On Clinton Foundation Was Sloppy And Wrong, Still Wont Delete It
Monmouth Poll 8/8: Clinton leads by 13%! (50%-37%)
Why We Ask to See Candidates Tax Returns: Its because of President Nixon, who did turn out to be a crook.
Rep. Tammy Duckworth: "I earned a Purple Heart in combat and I know many others who have as well. It's not something anyone 'wanted to get.' We earned them because our country asked us to."
Yassss Paul Krugman: "So, it's OK to have Cornel West --"Obama is a Republican in blackface" -- on platform committee, but not Barney Frank? Wow."
I Waited 96 Years! Women Voting for Hillary Clinton
John Mulaney on Twitter: For the record, the other people Donald Trump wants in jail are five, wrongfully convicted, men who were railroaded as teens.
Donald J. Trump on Twitter in 2014: This very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit has got to stop. Our planet is freezing, record low temps,and our GW scientists are stuck in ice
Today, for the second time in Obama's presidency, all three major US stock market indexes closed at all-time record highs! The second-to-last time that happened? 1999, when Bill Clinton was President.
Katie Packer (Romney 2012 campaign) on Twitter: "Someone should tell @PaulManafort that Romney was pulling crowds of 10k, 20k, 30k in August. And we still lost."
New NBC Poll! Hillary 50% (+4 from last week) Trump 42% (-3 from last week).
Bill Maher on Twitter: "CBS News leads with yet another email story, not Trump's subverting democracy itself. Like my dog, media has no clue about the size of things."
Debate attendee who glared at Trump: "I'm going to vote for Hillary"
George Takei Burning Trump Like No Other
Colin Powell Calls Trump A National Disgrace In Personal Emails
Sarah Palin: I can see Russia from my house. Donald Trump: I can see Russia in my tax returns.
Green Party's Jill Stein won't be on Georgia ballot
Trump NY Co-Chair: Khan Doesn't Deserve Gold Star Title
Clinton challenges Trump by saying she'll attend all three debates
Donald Trump Just Sanctioned a Foreign Power's Cyberspying
Dems sue GOP over Trump's 'rigged' complaints
Salma Hayek: I Denied Trump A Date So He Planted A National Enquirer Story About My Height
As a former young Sander supporter, I am done with Sanders.
I'm just gonna leave this here.
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: I'm thrilled to announce my running mate, @TimKaine, a man who's devoted his life to fighting for others. -H
Hello -- and a quick thank you!
President Obama is in. Are you? President Obama is proud to support Hillary Clinton  add your name to join him on our team.
Indiana Pledge Drive
New Yorker, changing my vote from Bernie to Hillary
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "If you thought last night's debate was competitive... https://t.co/mlNHhPRUI9"
Congratulations, /r/HillaryClinton! You are Subreddit of the Day!
Moments ago at a campaign rally, Bernie Sanders just said that Hillary Rodham Clinton is unqualified to be President.
Forbes: State Department Report On Email Vindicates Clinton Rather Than Nails Her
Rich, out of touch tech workers protest the venture capitalist hand that feeds them at the clooney fundraiser.
Indiana Democratic Primary Roundtable - 05/03
Bernie Sanders asleep at San Francisco Memorial Day service
Bernie delivers a terrible, shameful Univision interview.
Ive been called a lot of things over the years, but unqualified has not been one of them. Hillary @HillaryClinton
Let's shut down this nonsense about an enthusiasm gap. Tell us how you feel about Hillary here! (Megathread)
Sign up for GOTV in Southern California!
The FBI Will Not Recommend Criminal Charges Against Hillary Clinton Over Email Use
I thought I could avoid Bernie Spam by deactivating Facebook. Now not even Neopets is safe!
Watch Bernie Sanders stumbling and stammering when reporter confronts him about him asking the party to disenfranchise the voters
I have yet to meet a Clinton supporter who is not quick to list a litany of her weaknesses. The biggest Bernie fans won't admit he has any.
Felix Leiter, licensed to kill...with facts
Wisconsin Pledge Drive
Which two presidential candidates share a secrecy problem? Hint: Neither is named Clinton.
A reminder: Hillary in 2011, giving a powerful and enduring speech on worldwide LGBT rights.
Just a reminder that a lot of "sanders supporters" are trump trolls in disguise
You'll hear the argument that "Clinton only won Republican states! We win Democrat states!" This argument is flawed.
Am I the only one noticing that the Clinton campaign is handling the Sanders campaign the same way a good Secretary of State might deal with an aggressive move by a foreign power?
Gallup: On the Democratic side, Hillary Clinton's supporters are more enthusiastic than Sen. Bernie Sanders' supporters, 54% vs. 44%
George Takei on Twitter: Trump could not affirm that he would accept the election result. This. Is. Unamerican.
I am a Bernie supporter (not endorsing him) but I love coming here to avoid the casual sexism of S4P
Why a Virtual Tie in Iowa Is Better for Clinton Than Sanders
VEEPSTAKES: MAY MADNESS EDITION! Round two begins NOW.
I thought the Clinton campaign could use a little more badass. I present to you... Madam President.
Former Sanders supporter here to say I've finally committed to Hillary Clinton after being undecided and will vote for her in CA primary.
Hillary Clinton - More Than Just a Symbol
"Clinton has about $30 million in cash on hand and has been spending on staffing and voter registration programs across the country to help with turnout efforts and support Democrats who will be running down the ballot in November."
Goldman Sachs Releases Nefarious Clinton Speech
Bernie is doing SEVEN rallies in TWO days to stop Trump: Thank you Senator for your amazing dedication.
Sanders Over the Edge
Bernie Sanders: "hard not to listen to women, they are very loud."
California Senator Barbara Boxer: "Bernies attack on @HillaryClinton tonight was beneath him. She is the most qualified person to ever run for POTUS."
Morning Squaretable: 4/18
PERFECT GIF FOR FUTURE USE - *Hillary bites her tongue* when asked "have you ever crashed a party at the Vatican?"
Associated Press: Hillary Clinton becomes first woman to win convention votes needed to claim presidential nomination of major US party.
Jeffrey Wright on Twitter: "When did "progressive" men become such frickin' sexists? #ImWithHer"
Bernie Sanders Is Even Less Competitive Than He Appears
I can no longer support Senator Sanders.
Message to the brigading bernie people
Due to the Downvote Brigading...
Donald Trump is Inciting Unchecked Anger. So is Bernie Sanders.
Parents of Aurora victim slam Sanders over gun bill support
No Donald, You Don't.
Bernie Sanders just confirmed every negative thing I've ever written about him
Bernie Sanders resists fact checks and reality
Inspiring quote from Hillary for the day.
Multiple sources tell CBSNews that Trump was kidding about debating Sanders and it will never happen.
Bernie supporter here. I was doubtful about Sec. Clinton but tonight has changed my mind.
Are they still seriously brigading like it means something? Lol. #ReleaseTheRodham
Bernie's Dishonesty
Clinton's lead now up to double digits, new NBC/WSJ poll shows
Post your favorite articles and videos about Hillary here! (Megathread)
Hillary 2016 on the App Store
Will McAvoy: "If Hillary Clinton is a criminal, as you allege, she is Danny Ocean meets Keyser Soze. The greatest criminal mastermind of all-time. Hundreds of millions of dollars spent on countless investigations over thirty years, and not a single piece of hard evidence against her."
Clinton makes surprise appearance at 'Black Girls Rock'
Donating another $100 due to Sanders' comments last night
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar: In this crucial election, Im endorsing Hillary Clinton
Clinton campaign response to Sanders' call for an apology: 'We will not apologize' - Full from @jmpalmieri: https://t.co/pY8fRNUYAM
It's not fair, and I'm going to rant
When I was 10, I told everybody that I wanted to be the first female president. Everyone told me that it would most likely be Hillary which upset me and then I swore to beat her to the Oval Office. Flash forward 16 years: I clearly got over it and just voted for her to take my spot.
Issue of the Day: Paid Leave
Seth MacFarlane tells Bernie fans to stop bashing Hillary over trivial crap  because theyre helping Trump
Thank you Bernie Sanders
Phonebanking - 04/16
Erica Jong: Why I trust Hillary Clinton
The Cult of Bernie: How Blind Adoration Has Masked One of America's Most Deceitful Presidential Campaigns
Bernie Breaks FEC Rules AGAIN! RT on Twitter to spread the word to others!
I'm kind of loving the fact that the Fossil Fuel girl's video is backfiring.
Your average, everyday Sanders supporter here, now heavily considering Clinton...
Fact checkers confirm Hillary Clinton is more honest than any of her 2016 opponents
Sanders "Unqualified" statement got me to donate today - The Bernie or Bust movement was finally "endorsed" by Sanders with that statement
Our visitors from /r/The_D****d throw a fit whenever I post this pic. HRC and FLOTUS speaking to a packed stadium in NC today. Let's show them what real enthusiasm looks like.
BREAKING NEWS: Fox News projects @HillaryClinton as the winner of the Massachusetts Democratic Primary. http://twitter.com/FoxNews/status/704871538630086656/photo/1
Bernie Sanders just lost my respect. And there's no way I'm alone.
The Berners are everywhere in NYC right now
Bernie Sanders Campaign Dirty Tricks
J.K. Rowling on Twitter: "The men rushing to tell us all that they talk about women exactly the way @realDonaldTrump did in his tape seem to think they're helping."
It is generally accepted that the republicans cannot win the GE without Florida or Ohio. Hillary destroyed Sanders in the Florida and Ohio primaries (64%, 56.5%, and earning 696k more votes than Sanders). Furthermore, the RCP polling average for Florida has Sanders losing to Trump
Maddow Blog: Oil Money Attack is Baseless
The Post-Star endorses Hillary Clinton
Why I support Hillary Clinton (x-post political discussion)
New York Delegate Pledge Drive
Feel The Math
Comey: FBI recommendation to DOJ: In light of the evidence, "our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case."
I feel like this entire primary season could be summed up with, "White men real mad they aren't the only people who matter anymore."
The Challenges Hillary Clinton and I Face Every Day
Help Hillary Reach 100,000 New Donations Today
The System Isnt Rigged Against Sanders -- Sanders does significantly better vs Clinton in states with lower voter turnout.
MSNBC is wrong about the coin flips determining statewide delegates
Evening Roundtable - 6/02
The American people agree with Clinton: Trump is a bigot. This new poll confirms it.
Nights at the Roundtable : 4/15-4/16
Voter Suppression: Caucuses vs Primaries
Barney Frank: Sanders uses McCarthyite Guilt By Association Against Clinton re: Speaker Fees.
Yaaas slayyyyy. "Wow, the Clinton campaign just copied and pasted the *entire* transcript of @NYDailyNews' @BernieSanders interview into a fundraising email"
Full Hillary Clinton Post-Iowa Speech
More Than Likable Enough: I like Hillary Clinton. And I'm convinced that saying so can be a subversive act.
This is the Hillary I've been waiting for...
CNN: Martin O'Malley will suspend his campaign
Op-ed by Maria Hamilton, whose son was shot to death by Milwaukee police, on why she supports Hillary Clinton: Hillary Clinton will never stop fighting for justice
MSNBC is slaughtering Bernie over that NY Daily News meeting.
/r/hillaryclinton moderator team officially endorses a candidate for the office of President of the United States.
LeBron James: Why I'm endorsing Hillary Clinton
Bernie supporter here -just gave my first (albeit modest) contribution and committed to making calls. Just like Bernie: I'M WITH HER! <3
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "Delete your account..."
Mike Pence REFUSED to call David Duke Deplorable on CNN right now!!
NBC News/WSJ Poll: Clinton now holds 11-point national lead over Trump
Bernie Sanders to supporters: "It's easy to boo but harder to look your kids in the face who would be living under a Donald trump presidency."
Important information for anyone helping the Wisconsin primary effort
The Associated Press on Twitter: "BREAKING: @AP finds Clinton reached the number of delegates needed to clinch the Democratic nomination for president https://t.co/e473F0G4vX"
Hillary: "There is a very negative, intense barrage of attacks on anybody who supports me. I did not see that in '08. [...
A senior Vatican official accused Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders of showing a monumental discourtesy in his lobbying for an invitation to a church-sponsored conference
Nights at the Roundtable: 4/5 -4/6
Don't believe in Bernie Bros?
"Sen. Sanders is happy to have more debates but we are not going to schedule them on an ad hoc basis at the whim of the Clinton campaign." - Jeff Weaver (Bernie Sanders Campaign Manager) [January 27
Fact checking the Clinton-Sanders spat over Big Oil contributions
Debate coach: Bad night for Bernie
Trump recorded having extremely lewd conversation about women in 2005
Hillary Clinton Sorry She Tried To Say Nice Thing About Dead Lady, Wont Do It Again
Sanders Supporters File Voting Rights Suit With "Zero Basis In Reality"
Clinton here at a Baptist church in Columbia. Standing beside her: @GabbyGiffords & "the mothers of the movement" http://twitter.com/ABCLiz/status/702278996592033792/photo/1
Endorsement: Hillary Clinton is the only choice to move America ahead (FIRST EVER DEM ENDORSEMENT FROM THE ARIZONA REPUBLIC)
We've Got to Keep Our Daughters Safe from Pervert Men Wearing Wigs
How your taxes will be affected by each candidate. I can't afford Bernie
Bill Maher on Twitter: '"Final thought: Hillary won the debate, but Alec Baldwin did a great job intensifying Trump's insanity. That was Alec Baldwin, right?"
My favorite part of the Barney Frank interview when he hits on the lethargy of quadrennial "revolutions"
Trump asked  three times  in a foreign policy briefing, 'if we have nuclear weapons why can't we use them?' On @Morning_Joe
Goldie Taylor on Twitter: "Any "Democrat" who is willing to put Trump in the WH for the sake of a "revolution" isn't a Democrat. The end."
NBC Declares Hillary Clinton the winner of the Iowa caucus
Two women have come forward to the NYT regarding sexual assault committed by Donald Trump
Miss Universe winner who Trump called 'Miss Piggy' and 'Miss Housekeeping' becomes US citizen to vote against Trump
Nights at the Roundtable: 4/1-4/2
Just early voted for Hillary in Tennessee!!
Mike Huckabee (R) suspends his 2016 campaign
NYT endorsement: Hillary Clinton for President
Why Hillary Would Make a Better President Than Bernie
Clinton: Sanders accepted $200K from Wall St
Hillary Clinton Eviscerates Donald Trump In Her Best Speech Yet
I formally revoke my support for Bernie Sanders and support Hillary Clinton instead.
Afternoon Roundtable: 4/8
"Unqualified" Changed a California Voter's Mind
Exclusive: George H.W. Bush to vote for Hillary
NYC Mayor De Blasio: Hillary Clinton 'One Of Most Qualified People To Ever Run' | Andrea Mitchell | MSNBC
Bill Clinton visited my college today and I now know I'm not alone.
Former Berner, today i'm with her!
The feeling when you know that you got outplayed by a woman but will still make an excuse tomorrow about how it wasn't fair.
Why Hillary Would Make a Better President Than Bernie
Front page cover of TIME magazine - Total Meltdown.
RT if youre proud of Hillary tonight.
Trump "jokes": "If Hillary gets to pick her judges nothing you can doAlthough the 2nd Amendment people maybe there is"
Dan Abrams, ABC News' legal analyst: Sorry, But There Still Isn't Enough to Prosecute Hillary Clinton
NYMag: The Big, Big Problem With How the Hillary Clinton Email Scandal Is Being Covered
Trayvon Martin's mother endorses Hillary Clinton for president
@JoshSchwerin: NY Daily News front page for tomorrow
(2013) 100% of perverts go back to their ways. Sadly, there is no cure
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "When Donald Trump spends 11 hours testifying in front of a congressional committee, he can talk to me about stamina."
This may shock you: Hillary Clinton is fundamentally honest
Poll: Clinton Holds 18 Point Lead Over Sanders in New York
Establishment isn't a dirty word
Sen. Hillary Clinton Suspends Roll Call Vote - This moment has always made me tear up. Such class. And after winning the popular vote too!
Nights at the Roundtable: 4/16
Enough BS, onto NY
Atlanta mayor: Sanders 'disrespectful and dismissive' to Obama on race
The Mega Tuesday Call-a-Thon Megathread
This might be helpful for some of you debating why Hillary hasn't (and won't) release her speech transcripts.
Stevie Nicks on Hillary: "Shes the one. Shes so damn smart."
Bernie Sanders' official website is now accusing Clinton of MONEY-LAUNDERING. It's time to drop out Bernie.
Bernie Sanders won all 3 states yesterday: You don't see HRC supporters claiming "conspiracy!"
Bar Night for Hillary in Park Slope this Monday!
New Pennsylvania Poll: Clinton +9
#Breaking: @HillaryClinton has won the #Iowa Democratic caucuses http://cnn.it/1PS6U76
Sanders Isnt Doing Well With True Independents
Mega-Thread Discussion: Let's All Donate! (And talk about the debate)
538 begins projecting California: 87% chance of a Clinton win!
No, Bernie Sanders was not kicked off the D.C. ballot
The FBI director did not say email investigation was being reopened. Republican Jason Chaffetz is the one who said that -- and he's wrong.
This NYTimes comment perfectly sums up my frustration with this primary
Bernie Sanders Needs A Big Win In New Hampshire. Let's make sure it doesn't happen.
Why I feel betrayed by Bernie Sanders: I believed him when he said his campaign was about something more elevated than winning. The attacks on Clinton are a damaging turn in the wrong direction
Nate Silver on Twitter: ""The South" is way more representative of the Democratic Party than the places Sanders is winning. https://t.co/FDLCOrfAP7"
Best billboard of the 2016 campaign is up in Dearborn, Michigan: "Donald Trump: He can't read this, but he's afraid of it."
Received a text from the Sanders' campaign asking if I wanted to join them at phone banking event.
FBI investigating Hillary Clinton is the biggest yellow journalism lie since Spanish-American War
Super Tuesday Pledge Drive and Contest
Like it or Not, Hillary Clinton is Being More Honest with Voters Than Bernie Sanders
I think I'm seeing more positive activity in /r/hillaryclinton.
Marco Rubio Says Republicans are making a mistake by jumping on allegedly hacked emails released by Wikileaks to criticize Hillary Clinton. "Today it is the Democrats. Tomorrow it could be us."
I just signed up for Hillary's rally in Harlem!
Jamie Lee Curtis on Twitter: "It's NOT a laughing matter. #ImWithHer @HillaryClinton https://t.co/Fax56a57c3"
The Racist Side of Bernie Sanders Supporters: More proof that progressive isnt a synonym for tolerant.
Bern supporter here, now with Hillary
Here's Bernie Sanders signing a pro-traditional marriage resolution in Burlington. http://share.sidewire.com/stitch/6025867c-5861-4d8b-acc5-dec804835795 http://twitter.com/Rob_Flaherty/status/696046787094843392/photo/1
Priebus says they'd rather run against Hillary than Sanders. So, if we apply the GOP decoder ring...ah, yes...they'd really rather run against Sanders.
How dare Sanders. Show some respect for President Obama.
Friendly Reminder: you don't win elections by filling Washington Square Park or eliciting cheers with canned lines in debates. You win elections by getting people to go to the ballot box and vote for you.
Paul Ryan, Who Isnt Running for President, Releases Quasi-Campaign Ad
Hillary Clinton holds a "Get Out the Vote" organizing event at Nashua Community College in New Hampshire
No, Clinton and Sanders supporters are not equally bad.
Bernie Sanders Accepted a $10,000 Donation from Hillary PAC
Senator Merkley just dismissed Hillary supporters in Oregon, and I'm not going to let him get away with it.
Why I Have Switched from Bernie to Hillary
No longer feeling the Bern #ImWithHer
Independent Bernie Supporters Plan to Disrupt NY Primary's Polling Places. FILM Any Evidence of Anti-Democratic Behavior & Upload It.
Meghan McCain on Twitter: Trump is going nuclear on the GOP instead of Hillary because he knows he's going to lose & is going to need someone to blame when it happens
Next time a Sanders supporter bashes Hillary over SuperPACs...
Bernie Sanders Encourages The Rudeness Of His Supporters
Mr. Sanderss shocking ignorance on his core issue
Sanders Campaign Architects: We Have A Secret List Of Pro-Bernie Superdelegates
"Hillary can't draw crowds like Trump."
Downballot Democrats
Kerry Washington: A good friend came by set today. Proud to say... #imwithher
Jon Favreau: "We can complain about Hillary Clinton, or we can help her win. Buck up, people. This man is an existential threat to our democracy, and she's our chance to stop him. Let's help however we can."
Dear Bernie: I Like You, But These Red Flags Are Too Frequent To Ignore
Bernie bros won't shout down Hillary backers
Hillary BLEW IT OUT OF THE PARK TONIGHT!
Residents upset to see their faces appear on Bernie Sanders mailers
Hey everyone, please reach out to the superdelegates that have committed support for Hillary Clinton!
Super-PAC contributions are drying up for everyone...except Hillary Clinton
Today a friend invited me to like Bernie Sanders on Facebook. Here's how I responded.
Hillary Listening v. Bernie "Listening"
Bernie Sanderss single-payer plan isnt a plan at all
Afternoon Roundtable - 9/11
Hillary Clinton backs President Obama on closing Guantanamo Bay. Full statement: http://twitter.com/danmericaCNN/status/702271741817532416/photo/1
Why a Vote for Bernie Sanders Is a Vote for Donald Trump: Primaries don't elect presidents; they elect candidates who have to beat the other guys. A socialist who wants to raise taxes on everyone cannot beat any Republican, period.
As a 22 year old dem I just voted in my first presidential primary for Hillary ! Question inside.
From a Bernie supporter who proudly voted for Hillary
Why Calling Hillary Clinton Unqualified Smacks Of Sexism
A dark turn for the Sanders campaign
We need to talk about the Bernie Bros who keep throwing black people under the bus
Bernie Sanderss attack on reality
Group calls for fraud investigation into Jane Sanders' land deals: "Sanders never secured the donations she told the bank she already had"
Hillary Clinton said her attacks against Bernie Sanders' health care program were "absolutely founded" because the senator wants to radically change health care in the country but has yet to provide any details.
Clinton Gets It on Health Care
CNN Graded Sanders a D, Hillary A- for Debate
NEW: Clinton campaign has released a tool for students to calculate how much they would save on tuition and loans under her college tuition plan.
"Single Issue"
Fundraising Update: $10,000 Edition
Congrats on a big Super Tuesday for Hillary!
Sanders Tells Clinton: Excuse Me, Im Talking in Arguably Sexist Debate Exchange
Seth MacFarlane on Twitter: "In the year two-thousand sixteen, we have a VP candidate who denies evolution. Just in case you thought Trump was hogging all the stupid."
Hillary Clinton in Buffalo
Gabrielle Giffords Joins Hillary Clinton in South Carolina to Pay Tribute to Victims of Gun Violence
Just a reminder that in 2008 New Hampshire primary Hillary was polling 13 points behind Obama and she ended up winning by 3 points!
Hillary Clinton correct that Bernie Sanders flip-flopped on liability for gun makers, sellers
At what point am I allowed to celebrate Hillary making history?
Remember, even the haters and losers get Trump's best wishes on 9/11.
Sanders: 'Of course' Clinton is qualified
Why Hillary Clinton Is the Strongest Equality Candidate
State Department Report On Email Vindicates Clinton Rather Than Nails Her
From @veniceriley on twitter: Vatican insider calls Sanders' ambush of the Pontiff an "atrocious" breach of protocol
Hillary Clinton is the most likeable when shes being unlikeable.
We need to talk about the Bernie Bros who keep throwing black people under the bus
My favorite part from "Feel the Math"
"This is how a revolution ends: its idealism tested, its optimism drained, its hope turned to bitterness." The Atlantic's Molly Ball writes the swan song for the Sanders Campaign
When attacked, Clinton responds with class: ""I don't know why he's saying that but I will take Bernie Sanders over Ted Cruz or Donald Trump any time."
Bernie Sanders Wins Wisconsin, Changes Nothing
I'm Gay - Why I support Hillary
Bernie Sanders just posted this on Facebook.
5 Black mothers who have lost children to gun and police violence stand up called by #Hillary #Clinton. #DemTownHall http://twitter.com/Samynemir/status/702320036367757312/photo/1
Hillary Clinton is at her best when she's counted out, campaigning her heart out
Hillary and Bernie invading her space.
Pro-Clinton Super PAC Releases First Spanish-Language Ad Aimed At Texas Latinos
Atlanta mayor hits Sanders on race relations claim
Clinton calls for increased Planned Parenthood funding
80% agree Hillary won the debate.
"I find it genuinely disappointing that many of my fellow millennial feminists seem unable or unwilling to understand Hillarys image through the gendered lens that is so desperately necessary"
Currently waiting for Hillary in San Jose, CA for the rally here!!
That's it! I'm done! I just signed up to volunteer for Hillary in NY and donated $100.
Remember, if I lose, the race is rigged
The Pope: "I greeted them, shook their hands and nothing more."
White House official: Obama thinks Clinton is qualified for president
Documents Show Sanders Staffers Breached Clinton Voter Data
I Will If You Will: Why Clinton Supporters Need to Speak up More on Social Media
A Millennial Rediscovers Hillary Clinton and Is Glad She Did: "To Hillary Clinton from this ambitious millennial feminist: Thank you."
The Vatican, Bernie? Really??
Sorry, Bernie: A tie in Iowa is still a win for Hillary
Hillary Clinton campaigns in Buffalo (Full Speech)
Mr. Sanders's Shocking Ignorance on His Core Issue
Sanders campaign releases the name, addresses, and phone numbers of superdelegates so his supporters can contact and harass them.
Hillary's toughness is a big reason I support her. She's really been through a lot to get where she is today.
NY Daily News cover for 4/6/16 slams Sanders for defending gun makers
Hillary Clinton takes part in Breaking Down Barriers forum
I don't know if I can use the internet for a while...
Wisconsin Phonebank Ultrathread
Different standards for Clinton
An Editorial Cartoon of Merit
Hope you are not FEELING THE BURN! Better get tested though!
Hillary Clinton, The 'Gender Card' And What It Could Mean In November
Scotland's First Minister - "Hate hearing @HillaryClinton described as 'lesser of two evils' when she's actually a smart, strong, experienced, resilient woman."
Al, what's your prediction for NY? I predict Clinton 59 Bernie 40....
Good Luck HRC
Hillary Clinton is best candidate to represent electorate
Bernie Sanders makes promises no one could possibly keep
Why I support Hillary Clinton
Man enough to vote for Hillary ad is fake
Mock Job Interview for President with Hillary Clinton [xpost /r/PoliticalVideo
Donald Trump's companies destroyed or hid documents in defiance of court orders
While the things are getting heated, don't forget to phonebank
Official Iowa Caucus MEGATHREAD
Hillary Clintons claim that Bernie Sanders voted for the Charleston loophole ruled "True" by the Washington Post
Morning Roundtable: 5/3
Bernie Sanders is no revolutionary
Sandy Hook victim's daughter criticizes Sanders over gun policy
Opinion: Give Hillary Clinton another look
Bernie Sanders is tearing apart the Democratic Party
Everything Barney Frank said about Bernie Sanders ended up being true
Brian Fallon on Twitter: "You're also describing @HillaryClinton . Only she doesn't complain about fighting on. She welcomes it. https://t.co/SEKMPCRFW3"
The System Isnt Rigged Against Sanders
Hillary Clinton Campaigns to Packed House in Green Bay
Trump Tax Records Obtained by The Times Reveal He Could Have Avoided Paying Taxes for Nearly Two Decades
I'm a neuroscientist. I donated to Hillary. She's in the pocket of #BigNeuroscience. #I'mWithHer
@ReutersUS: BREAKING: UAW endorses Hillary Clinton for president
Rachel Maddow Debunks Bernie Sanders' Claim Of Clinton Campaign Finance Violations
Saturday Morning Celebrity Scoreboard for Hillary Clinton
Julianne Moore on Twitter: "I just voted for @HillaryClinton #ImWithHer
Sanders's comment on white people and poverty creates social media stir
Clinton seeks to build on old strengths as campaign rolls into South Carolina
102 year-old Iowa voter has voted for every Democrat since FDR--and wants to make Hillary Clinton the first woman president
Regarding the new IBD/TIPP National poll showing Bernie Sanders just 4% below Hillary Clinton, just remember that they are known to be "biased and inept" and that they were rated "one of the worst (polls) in 2012 (elections)"
Trump goes on unhinged 3am twitter rant
My problem with Susan Sarandon, and people like her.
I am so done
Yougov: Europe would elect Hillary Clinton by a landslide
Say Hello to the 2016 Democratic Nominee
Bernie Sanders is wrong about the electorate
Dear Sanders Supporters: You just permanently lost the moral high ground
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "I'm Jewish. My fathers family died in concentration camps. I will do everything I can to rid this country of the ugly stain of racism."
Families of Sandy Hook victims, Newtown Action Alliance speak out against Sanders comments
Bernie Sanders releases a new ad reminding everyone he has very little minority support
Full video: Bernie interview with NY Daily News
Hey, Berniacs: I Learned to Love Hillary and So Can You
Sanders Campaign Recent Sexism: New Tactic?
STATEMENT FROM JOHN McCAIN WITHDRAWING SUPPORT OF DONALD TRUMP
Late Night Roundtable - 5/26
Hillary: "I mourn for the officers shot while doing their sacred duty to protect peaceful protesters, for their families & all who serve with them. -H"
Clinton: 'I am so sick of the Sanders campaign lying about me'
"A party dedicated to diversity must champion politicians who arent white men"
Clinton up 6 in POLITICO/Morning Consult national poll
Did anyone see Jeff Weaver on CNN just now?
Hillary Clinton has one of the most progressive anti-drug plans in decades
Hillary Clinton Says She Has Long Record Working on Inequality
Hillary Clinton holds a rally in Hudson, New Hampshire
Vetting Bernie: He Never Voted For Intervention In Iraq  Except Twice
"Sanders accuses Hillary of pandering...what is more pandering than standing by an African American talking about Welfare?"
The Economist: A vote for what? Health-care costs and high taxes would sink the Sanders economic plan
Why do BernieBots literally downvote every single post here?
Just to be clear, while my husband @SpikeLee supports Bernie Sanders @HillaryClinton is my candidate! We need Hillary to be the next POTUS!
Bernie Sanders Needs More Than The Tie He Got In Iowa
Family of gun violence victims protest Bernie Sanders in New York City
Sanders Praises Anti-Gay, Anti-Contraception, Anti-Choice World Leader: "He Is a Beautiful Man
Tasteless: Sander's inflight menu for his Roman Holiday return funded by campaign contributions
The economist who vouched for Bernie Sanders' big liberal plans is voting for Hillary Clinton
Bernie Sanders 2005 vote to protect gunmakers from lawsuits is now backfiring
MSNBC: BREAKING: Hillary Clinton is the projected winner of the New York Democratic primary.
As a Bernie supporter who started to swallow the "Hillary is evil/a robot/war criminal" lies, I just wanted to say..
We made it to top of r/all!!
Dont Break Up the Banks. Theyre Not Our Real Problem.
upvote to pledge your loyalty to Hillary, of House Clinton, first of her name, UnBerned Queen of the Democrats, the Americans and the First Women, Queen of the Empire State and Khaleesi of the Great Southern Confederacy, Breaker of Glass Ceilings, Mother of Chelsea and Protector of the Realm
In NH, it's all about mo. @BostonGlobe #s this AM show @marcorubio & @HillaryClinton closing. Even tight seconds would be wins for both.
Bill Clinton event at Binghamton University (4/16)
Unconscious Clinton More Fit to Be President Than Conscious Trump - The New Yorker
Things that don't matter: Narrative, Momentum, and Expectations Things that do matter: Math, Delegates, and Organization
Popular vote so far in all primaries: Clinton 3.89 million, Sanders 2.51 million
Hillary Clinton will help Democrats move Obamacare forward
Brady Campaign to Endorse Hillary Clinton
Donald Trump Tried to Cheat Veterans out of $1 Million
The brigading, the desperate attacks, and the general attitude of the Sanders camp has begun to get to me...
Alright, Hillary convinced a Bernie supporter. How can I help the campaign?
Hillary Clinton to Tour Flint, Michigan, Amid Water Crisis while Bernie Sanders makes an appearance on Saturday Night Live
The System Isnt Rigged Against Sanders (by Harry Enten and Nate Silver)
Bryan Greenberg on Twitter: This was a tough decision for me as a democrat. I #feelthebern but ultimately #imwithher @hillaryclinton 
Joss Whedon on Twitter: "i don't trust Hillary i say LOCK HER UP in a room with NO CORNERS, a sort of oval room, then HARD LABOR running things for YEARS, maybe 8"
Trump conducted "business in communist Cuba during Fidel Castro's presidency despite strict American Trade bans"
What the Sanders supporters who refuse to support Hillary look like to any sane individual.
The Nazi Tweets of Trump God Emperor
Paul Krugman on Twitter: "But it's difficult to get a man to understand something when his cash flow depends on his not understanding it. https://t.co/kNmSYCBWJl"
The 7 Stages of Bern
If you're male and support Bernie, I urge you to think really hard in the general election about not voting Hillary
Hillary Clinton Shows Why She Is The Candidate Republicans Fear At CNN Town Hall
I've visited the FB Pages of the celebrities who support Hillary, and the comments posted are unsavory, as expected.
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: I congratulate @HillaryClinton on this historic achievement. We are stronger together.
Late Night Roundtable - 5/27
Clinton proposes a new 4 percent tax on the wealthy
Clinton surges to 15 pt in McClatchy-Marist poll
I come in peace-looking for someone to interview from the Hillary camp.
Economist who did analysis of Bernie Sanders's health care plan for the campaign admitted that his analysis did not deal with details or real-world implementation.
It's official: Hillary Clinton won Iowa
Martin O'Malley will suspend his campaign at his caucus party tonight at Wooly's in Des Moines, per sources close to the campaign.
Sanders supporters protesting funding for downballot Dems: "Over 1,800 Sanders supporters have said they will attend a protest tonight outside Clinton's SF fundraiser w/ the George and Amal Clooney."
Yes, Democrats will unify behind Clinton. This political scientist persuasively explains why.
Why Bernie Sanders fans are so annoying, as explained by Tim Robbins
Another Bernie Celeb Surrogate Knocks Obama
This New York Daily News interview was pretty close to a disaster for Bernie Sanders
Evening Roundtable: 5/1
Hillary Clinton accuses gun lobby of intimidating Congress, harassing critics
Bernie Sanders Supporters Threaten To Primary Uncooperative Superdelegates, Officially Making Them the Left-Wing Tea Party: The transition is now complete.
They're trying to silence us.
Aren't Bernie supporters concerned by his demographic?
Black mothers who lost children to violence help Hillary Clinton appeal for gun control
I'm With Her Now (I wasn't before, but the stakes are too damn high)
Hey Sanders, nice job releasing *one year* of taxes - Hillary has released her taxes for every year since 1977.
Clinton +28 on Sanders in Georgia
I'm a recent Hillary convert, here is why
Why I Switched From Bernie to Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton Slams Trump On 'Ellen': "He Has No Understanding of What Womens Lives Are Like"
Video: CNN Announcing Breaking News of Clinton Win Confirmation.
Inside the Clinton Plan to beat Bernie Sanders on caucus night.
The System Isnt Rigged Against Sanders
Why Electing Hillary in 16 Is More Important Than Electing Obama in 08
Hillary Clinton and the dilemma of the good girl
Mothers of Trayvon Martin, Eric Garner voice support for Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton for the Democratic Nomination; Voters have the chance to choose one of the most broadly and deeply qualified presidential candidates in modern history.
Die-Hard Bernie Sanders Backers See F.B.I. as Answer to Their Prayers
Is calling Hillary Clinton angry or her voice husky inherently sexist?
I have some bad news about your friends
Clinton Hits Sanders for Voting Against Auto Bailout at Democratic Debate
Latest Public Policy Polling Ohio Democratic Primary Poll - Clinton 53% - Sanders 37%
Where has Sanders won?
For Donald or Bernie, One Nation Under the Spoiled Rotten: Beware the brat packs on the right and the left of the road to November.
Jeffrey Goldberg on Twitter: "Trump just asked Russia to spy on his rival, dig up classified U.S. government documents, and release them publicly. How is this happening?"
Hillary Clintons finest hour
Help Me Suss Out the Convention Details?
Bernie Sanders Has Become the Left's Answer To Donald Trump: With the delegate math nearly insurmountable, Sanders has a choice: go out with dignity and honor or be remembered as the other half of an election season of political extremism.
I wonder if Bernie supporters will expect the same standard of foreign policy they hold HRC too when Bernie takes his runner up concession position. Its easy to have a good record when all you have is minor authority.
If you are in NY, please contact your legislator to oppose bill to open NY primary to non-democrats. We are nominating the *Democratic* candidate for president.
Dear Fellow Bernie Switchers: Pivoting to Hillary Clinton isn't a betrayal of our values and we aren't selling out. Don't let anybody belittle us.
Its Really Hard To Get Bernie Sanders 988 More Delegates
Bernie Sanders, candidate vs. Bernie Sanders, senator
Factsheet - Hillary Clintons Plan for Ensuring Safe and Responsible Natural Gas Production
Republicans should be very afraid because Hillary Clinton delivered nothing less than a presidential performance at the CNN Democratic Town Hall.
Hillary Clinton says women leaders are better listeners. Research backs her up.
Judge Strikes Down Last Same-Sex Adoption Ban In The U.S.
Bernie Sanders could break his pledge to release details on how he would pay for his health care plan before the Iowa caucuses, according to a top aide.
Bernie's Crowds Continue to be YUUUGE! So, Why is He Still Behind?
Bernie Sanders Accepted Donations from Boeing. By his standards, shouldn't he be unable to have objective views of them?
Sanders said President Obama had been weak and a disappointment.
Hillary Clinton Will Be on This Wednesday's Episode of Broad City
From a longtime Bernie supporter - it's time for us to unite behind Hillary.
Bernie Sanders Official Campaign Site Once Invited Supporters to "Bern the Witch"
Hillary Clinton has officially won more primary contests than any other woman in American history!
Want to do something tonight? SHARE!
Sanders campaign tries to have it both ways on superdelegates
The debate over Bernie Bros isnt about Bernie Sanders at all
Sanders' Vatican City Visit Rankles Some Church Officials
[r/politicaldiscussion
'I can never tell what he's talking about': Hillary Clinton dismisses Bernie Sanders' Wall Street attacks
'Swedish Number' Connects You to Randoms. So We Called It (A great outside view of the US Presidential elections and Hillary through the eyes of Sweden)
Clinton camp: NY debate depends on Sanders 'tone'
After hearing 40 veterans died on waiting lists at the VA, Bernie Sanders says "People die everyday"
Nate Silver on Twitter: "Presumptive vice presidential nominee Carly Fiorina should challenge Bernie's VP pick to a debate too."
Clinton: I won't make promises I can't keep
Just got a new Xbox. Feel free to add me Haters are welcome to add me too :)
The most horrifying picture I have ever seen
Subreddit analysis / drilldown of users in /r/the_donald, /r/hillaryclinton, and /r/sandersforpresident.
When Bernie Sanders Thought Castro and the Sandinistas Could Teach America a Lesson
Bernie Sanders' Single-Payer Health Care Plan Would Increase Federal Spending By At Least $28 Trillion
Secular Atheist Bernie Continues Pandering Spree With Special Catholic Prayer Card Spam to Remind the Faithful of His Important 90-Second Meeting With the Pope
NY Daily News Cover: SLAM BAM (Thank you ma'am) Hillary rips Prez, vows terror funds for NYC
Looking backthought you'd all enjoy reflecting on how inaccurate H.A. Goodman's claims were, here's one of them! '10 reasons Dem superdelegates will choose Sanders over Clinton' (October 05, 2015, 06:00 am)
How One Martin OMalley Supporter Helped Hillary Clinton In Iowa
Chelsea Clinton says she hopes her kids will be as proud of her as she is of her mom
Hillary Clintons Closing Statement At The Democratic Debate Highlighted a Very Specific Local Crisis
White House LGBT Liaison Joins Clinton Campaign: Aditi Hardikar will become Hillary Clintons finance director for coalitions.
Hillary Clinton's Closing Statements: 'May the Force Be With You'
Clinton: Republicans Hoping to See Me in Handcuffs Are Living in a 'World of Fantasy'
Study: Bernie Sanderss health plan is actually kind of a train wreck for the poor
Hillary Campaign: Please Add New Mexico to hillaryclinton.com
Finding A Politician Who Would Pay For What She Promises
Everything is fine, right?
I'm sure he meant well but this is Sanders' inexperience talking about racial issues showing.
Some families of Columbine, Aurora, Sandy Hook victims endorse Clinton
Why I'm voting for Hillary Clinton
Hillary,Bill and Chelsea on the Stump in NH. (2/8/16)
Hillary Clinton Comes out Fighting
The Sanders campaign owes an explanation about why it is theyre touting a health-care plan without detailing how to pay for it, Hillary Clintons policy adviser Jake Sullivan tells reporters.
Hillary Clinton Just Got An Endorsement That Speaks Volumes About Her Gun Control Position
We're literally deciding if we hate the idea of a female President so much that we'll elect a narcissistic, authoritarian ignoramus instead.
The View to Bernie Sanders: Don't Stoop to GOP's Level
Proud to be a delegate for Hillary in Washington
Ghazala Khan op-ed: Trump criticized my silence. He knows nothing about true sacrifice.
Eva Longoria says people often tell her they aren't "inspired" by Hillary: "If Hillary doesn't inspire you, you aren't paying attention!"
Evening Table With Curves
Only Hillary Clinton truly understands what being 'pro-Israel' means
Hillary tired of drawn-out campaign and will sharpen attacks to "disqualify" and defeat Bernie. About time she went on offense!
Change comes from inside the system too
Getting Actively Involved in the Campaign
Why This Progressive Is Really Excited About Hillary
We just voted early for Hillary in Indiana!
Claire McCaskill on Twitter: "WA state,Bernie wins caucus,where many can't attend because of work. Primary w/open mail in ballot Hillary wins,w/twice the turnout.Rigged?"
@AdamSmith_USA: "There's a difference between playing a civil rights leader in a movie versus actually living it." *pic*
Excuse Me! Shut Up!: Bernie Sanders Defends Israel from Town Hall Hecklers
Hold the Phone! Bernie Finally Has ONE Foreign Policy Adviser (Meanwhile, Hillary Has Hundreds If Not Thousands)
There is a reason big girls dont cry. We havent the time.
Supporters of Hillary Clinton on Saturday pounced on a newly unearthed resolution signed by Bernard Sanders in 1982 affirming marriage is between husband and wife, asserting the document undercuts the notion hes been a longtime supporter of same-sex marriage.
The fight over Hillary Clintons speaking fees is ridiculous
112 reasons (and counting) Hillary Clinton should be our next president
Documents Show at Least 4 Sanders Staffers Accessed Clinton Voter Data: "conducted 25 specialized searches of the Clinton campaign's data"
Phonebanking and Afternoon Roundtable 4/17/2016
Saturday Morning Roundtable - 04/02
Got a shiny new Hillary16 button in the mail today!
Stephen Colbert on Twitter: "Trump said his campaign could be his "single greatest waste of time, energy & money." Congrats, Donald! Today you are a Trump U graduate."
This may shock you: Hillary Clinton is fundamentally honest
Feeling the Bern?!? Take A Hill Pill
This de Blasio joke was at an annual event that is KNOWN for having inappropriate jokes ON PURPOSE. Bernie folk are trying anything to tear us down but DONT LET THEM
donated another $10! Any matchers? :-)
Clinton Is Winning The States That Look Like The Democratic Party
Take the Jill Stien Pledge
Dismayed by Donald Trump, Michael Bloomberg Will Endorse Hillary Clinton
I'm a Bernie supporter, but I'm looking forward to supporting Hilldog in November!
Clinton turned Sanders's attacks on her Wall Street ties into a game of chicken. And she won.
Bitter, broke and hated by his former allies: how Bernie Sanders made himself irrelevant
Sanders had big ideas, but little impact on Capitol Hill
Gov. Cuomo says Hillary Clinton, an experienced progressive, would win in the election against Donald Trump
Im Voting for Hillary Because of My Daughter
Clinton: 'We can't afford to make a mistake'
The Inherent Misogyny of Sanders' Antiestablishmentarianism
The bros who love Bernie Sanders have become a sexist mob
Hillary Clinton stopped by The Tonight Show Thursday night, and Jimmy Fallon asked her one question: Does Donald Trump intimidate her? Her answer, without any hesitation, "No."
I have NO idea what Bernie meant by his statement that white people don't know what it's like to be poor. Isn't he the "income inequality" candidate? In his view of the world, doesn't income inequality affect everyone? I am sooo confused!
Trump on Kimmel: "I actually think that Bernie would be easier to beat"
"Don't Vote for Trump: Our View" - USA Today Editorial Board Has Never Taken Sides in the Presidential Race... Until Now.
Im Voting For The Democrat In November Because Im Not A Human Tire Fire (aka, an article to send to Dems reluctant to support HRC)
HIFW someone tries to tell me Hillary is a crook and just as bad as Trump
Any Brooklynites on the HRC express?
Bill Clinton headed to Rock Hill on Thursday
Sanders Campaign DESPERATE: Full Lies and Hypocrisy with PROOF - straight from the senior advisors. Pathetic!!
Clinton Hits Sanders Hard on Guns at Democratic Debate
After 9 debates, the message that Hillary has sent to Bernie Sanders and her future GOP rivals is clear:
What Hillary Clinton Needs to Tell Voters Who Dont Want to Have a Beer With Her: Were not electing a drinking buddy, were electing a president. Likeability is a smoke screen. And yes, its sexist besides.
Pro-Sanders super PAC brought in $2.3 million
"Bernie Sanderss tax plan would reduce the economys size by 9.5 percent in the long run. The plan would lead to 4.3 percent lower wages, an 18.6 percent smaller capital stock, and 6.0 million fewer full-time equivalent jobs."
Bernie Sanders Defense of His Pro-Gun, Pro-NRA Votes Was Absolutely Terrible
Donna Christensen: I served with Sen Sanders and don't remember him being involved in Black, Hispanic & Asian Caucus issues
Top headline on MSNBC right now: How Clinton steamrolled Sanders at the debate
This sums it all up.
Clinton wins American Samoa 73%-27%
Ben Jealous Needs to Stop Lying About Hillary and Superpredators
When Hillary Clinton gets the nomination, how will she unite her supporters with Sander's supporters? Is this even something that is possible?
Clinton turns to Sanders' Senate colleagues to question his preparedness
The Id That Ate The Planet: Were in a state where terrible things are in prospect, but can be avoided with fairly modest, politically feasible steps. You may want a revolution, but we dont need one to save the planet.
Bernie Sanders' campaign to clarify misleading fundraising email
Hillary Clinton's team emailed out the Sanders NYDN transcript along with this response.
#BREAKING NY AG sends Cease and Desist to Trump Foundation for operating without proper certification.
[Off Topic
The front page of /r/politics is simply beautiful
AIDS activists blast Sanders, say he "used and abused" them by lying about meeting - AMERICAblog News
Happy 69th Birthday to the amazing Hillary Rodham Clinton.
Ian Sams on Twitter: ""Including caucus results, Clinton leads Sanders by almost 2.4 million raw votes." https://t.co/tcVgSfjwJ5"
Sanders Backtracks, Says Of Course Clinton Is Qualified to Be President
Bill Clinton slams Sanderss sexist supporters
[Slate
President Obama on Twitter: Incredible speech by an incredible woman. Couldn't be more proud & our country has been blessed to have her as FLOTUS. I love you, Michelle.
DNC Chair Suggests Bernie Supporters Tactics Border on Harassment, Feel Like Stalking
How Hillary Can Out-Bernie Bernie
J.J. Abrams: Why I'm Supporting Hillary Clinton for President
I like Hillary Clinton because she's honest.
Boy a number of Sanders fans don't like me. But remember your dislike doesn't change the poll numbers in NY. Sry.
Sanders raising funds against gay congressional candidates.
When pressed on his single-payer health care proposals -- an issue for which Hillary Clinton has recently attacked the Vermont senator on the campaign trail, just two weeks away from the first Iowa caucuses -- Sanders gave sparse details about how he would pay for the plan.
Man Caring For Mom With Alzheimer's Leaves Hillary Clinton Choked Up
Code For Hillary - Hackathon (not soliciting?)
Clinton, Sanders differ on down-ballot Democrats
Prof. Glenn Loury makes the case for Clinton
Clinton: We need to include everybody in terrorism fight
Bernie Sanders attacks Hillary Clinton's character
Confronted with his support for a progressive challenge to Obama in 2011, Sanders said Saturday he campaigned very hard for Obama in 2008 and 2012. Thats not how Obama aides remember it.
Sanders Isnt Doing Well With True Independents
The New York Times: Donald Trump Finds Support in Reddits Unruly Corners
Why was the polling off? If we lost I thought it was only going to be a few points not close to 15
Hillary Clinton: Sanders ad attacks Obama, not just me
Hillary Clinton: Donald Trump Is ISISs Best Recruiter
Sandy Hook family member wants Bernie Sanders apology over gun stance
No matter which way you slice it, more people want Hillary.
Trump camp deleting tweets in real-time
Sanders Campaign Caught Deceiving Voters Yet Again!
Bernie Sanders gets slammed over Sandy Hook gun lawsuit comments
Hillary Clinton has won the Iowa Democratic caucus
Why Virtual Tie in Iowa Is Better for Clinton Than Sanders
Why Im supporting Clinton over Sanders: Liberals dont need a savior, but someone who can actually get things done in Washington
We hit 9000 subscribers... unleash the GIFs below...
Howard Dean on Twitter: Notice Trump sniffing all the time. Coke user?
If Hillary Clinton isnt qualified to be President, literally no one is.
Hillary Clinton Presents Manufacturing Plan in Syracuse
Study: Hillary Clinton, not Donald Trump, gets the most negative media coverage
Bernie Sanders steals from DNC and is now suing them - He is getting more and more like Donald Trump every day
@TomWatson: Read @DanaHoule tweetstorm on Bernie's strange #Vatican situation. I think it's best explanation I've seen, especially on Sachs.
Hillary just hammered Bernie on Sandy Hook and protection for gun manufacturers on CNN.
Thinking Theyre Unqualified Is A Big Reason More Women Dont Run For Office
They brigade, sealion, concern troll, and circlejerk because they're losing and they know it.
Super 4sday Pledge Drive
Hillary Clinton in Salinas: Embrace immigrants, don't denigrate
The True Bernie Sanders
30 days of phonebanking (Day 4!) update
Stop getting complacent.
Bernie wanted to kill the International Space Station and Large Hadron Collider projects. Video proof
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "Ive been called many things by many people. 'Quitter' is not one of them."
Clinton Backs Minimum Wage for Disabled Workers: Differential wages for the disabled are discriminatoryand Clinton is putting the issue into the spotlight.
My first Twitter war ... and it's in defense of HRC!
Reminder: Hillary Clinton got more delegates in Michigan.
"Make a Difference" Hillary Clinton
In Democratic Debate, Hillary Clinton Seizes on Policy Shifts
I think the president's job is to do everything possibleeverything she can doto lift up the people of this country. Hillary
Fellow Liberals, Lets Stop Doing These Things
Bernie Sanders' promises are empty: "I will be supporting Bernie until the end, but I still cannot shake the feeling he is giving me more false hope than actual change."
Backlash against Sanders, as he questions Clintons embrace of Obama
There is zero truth to what you may be reading. It's wrong. Hillary stands behind her team, period.
Mothers of the Movement criticize Sanders on guns
Hillary Clinton is an epic badass. Deal with it.
Trump Blames "Communist" Sanders For Chicago Clashes
I Used To Hate Hillary Clinton. Now I'm Voting For Her. [Slate
Photo of Hillary Waving to Crowd, Greeting Little Girl as She Leaves Chelsea's Apartment
I need a breather from the negativity...
BREAKING: Judge Curiel Rules Trump Must Face Trial for Racketeering in Trump University Suit
Are there any millennial Hillary supporters who were NEVER on the Sanders train and supported her from Day 1?
The Same - Hillary Clinton
Breaking Barriers - Hillary Clinton
Bernie Sanders' support for black colleges questioned
Hillary Clinton is Calm, Cool, and Effective
"Tonight, I found out what he truly stands for. You lost my support. #HillarySoQualified"
Is Bernie Sanders the Ralph Nader of 2016?
Hilary Clinton supporters to canvass Tallahassee Saturday
Bernie Sanders just promised..."We will raise taxes. Yes we will."
Birdemic? Clinton Gains Ten Points in One Day in Reuters/Ipsos Poll
Hillary Clinton Is Fundamentally Honest and Trustworthy.
Bernie Sanderss PUMA Moment: Hillary Clinton Not Qualified
Updated: If Sanders wins all remaining caucuses by 40 and primaries by 12, HRC still wins pledged delegate majority
Why is Sanders Taking Foreign Policy Advice from Someone Who Suggested IsraelNot AssadGassed the Syrians?
Clinton criticized Bernie Sanders who voted for a loophole that would have allowed individuals to purchase guns within one day of starting the buying process, regardless of the status of a background check. A measure thats been tied to Charleston shooter Dylann Roof.
Trayvon Martin's mother: Why I support Hillary Clinton
Bernie Sanders Makes Nice: On Her Worst Day Hillary is 100 Times Better Than Any Republican
Bernie Bros Made Me Finally Recognize Misogyny in America
Nailed it.
Senator Tim Kaine on Twitter: We're up in the pollsthat's great. But when the wind's at your back, it's time to run faster. Be a part of this.
"You won't win over Sanders supporters like that" This is a suppression tactic used by s4p to downplay any and all Sanders' faults. DO NOT FALL FOR IT
Bernie Sanders loses his California director
Rangel: 'Who the hell is Bernie Sanders to say somebody is not qualified to run for president of the United States?'
Sunday Morning Roundtable 3/27
Obama hug! You can feel the love!
Winners and losers from the 9th Democratic presidential debate - Spoiler: Hillary won
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "It is with humility, determination, and boundless confidence in Americas promise that I accept your nomination for president!" Hillary
Emerson NY poll: Hillary 56, Bernie 38
MSNBC calls Hillary Clinton the apparent winner of the Iowa Democratic caucus
This week's cover of TIME magazine
Damien Owens on Twitter: "I hear you, Sanders supporters who plan to vote Trump. One time I asked for Coke but they only had Pepsi, so I set fire to my head."
New Bloomberg Poll of middle-income voters in the Rust Belt States: Clinton beats Trump by 7 percentage points.
Video: How Hillary Clinton Helped Start an Academy in New York
Random Question for lurking Bernie Supporters
Bernie Sanders traveled to communist Cuba and urges a political revolution. Will exile Miami take him seriously?
Clinton calls out Sanders for Wall Street connection
Why Bernie Supporters Will Be Remembered as the most Regressive "Progressives" of the 2016 Election
Quinnipiac Poll: Sanders 68, Clinton 32 in NY
Did Hillary cancel the GMA appearance? I saw some news articles to that effect.
Umm, I think I just found Hillary Clinton in my video game.
Trump Lead Grows Nationally; Clinton Maintains Big Lead; Hillary Clinton leads with 56% to 28% for Bernie Sanders and 9% for Martin O'Malley.
Bernie Sanders' plan to pay for health care falls short by trillions, says one analysis
"Because of Hillary Clinton, my daughters and all our sons and daughters; now take for granted, that a woman can be President of the United States."
Bill Clinton touts Hillary in Las Vegas as change-maker millennials should back
Wisconsin Results Roundtable
New Ohio poll puts Hillary Clinton ahead of Donald Trump by 9 points after news of Trump's vulgar talk
Morning Roundtable: 5/4
Paul Krugman: Post-Iowa Notes
Laura Bush hints she'd rather see Hillary as president than Republican
George Takei on Twitter: Clinton campaigned 3 days straight after catching pneumonia. Not to be outdone, Trump boasted he's been constipated on the trail since 2015.
Trump knows Bernie can't win and is using that fact to gain supporters through manipulation
LOL
Arizona and Survivorship Bias
Dear Clinton Supporters, Help Me Understand
Why Hillary Is the Right Choice for Iowans, and Bernie Isn't
"Strong For Us" Hillary Clinton
FACT: Bernie Sanders voted against the Brady Bill 5 Times and voted to protect gun manufacturers.
Clinton Calls for Broadening Estate Tax, Increasing Its Rate
Fiorina: Clinton would wipe the floor with Trump in general
HILLARY CLINTON:  _  TAKE MY HIGH ENERGY  _ 
Elizabeth Warren endorses Hillary Clinton; Democrats should do everything they can to stop the Republicans.
Clinton Supporters, I Need Help Voting!
Bernie Sanders: The Politician with Integrity? Not So Much.
Politico: RNC scrambles to calm state GOP officials
I am a strong believer in progressive values but am torn on who to vote for in the general election.
"Sanders Questioning Clinton's Qualifications Is a Sign of Desperation"
Hillary Clinton Turns to New York, a Friendly State and a Must-Win
Where does Hillary stand on the UK's relationship with the EU and the forthcoming Referendum?
Can someone explain to me Hilary's stance on gun manufacturer liability?
The Veterans Scandal on Bernie Sanderss Watch
A closer look at single payer in Vermont and its disastrous failure.
Yes, Trump was charged with discrimination in 1970s
Bernie Sanders illiberal supporters: Do they expect safe spaces everywhere?
Bernie Sanders Tries Blackmailing Hillary for Support. "It's Not Just About Me, Clinton Will Have To CHANGE Her Platform To Earn My Support."
Bernie Sanders won a battle over the weekend. Hillary Clinton is still winning the war  by a lot.
It is interesting that Sanders supporters are brigading this sub while also complaining about MSM. On Reddit, S4P is the equivalent of MSM. If they are upset that their voice isn't heard in a public setting shouldn't they respect our voice in a semi-private setting?
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: We'll never forget the horror of September 11, 2001. Today, let's honor the lives and tremendous spirit of the victims and responders. -H
HRC is pummeling BS in the Popular Vote
In other news, Bernie Sanders manages to make Donald Trump look like a policy wonk
Hillary Clintons abortion game-changer: Why her call for abandoning the Hyde Amendment is so important
"My Experience Caucusing for Clinton in Rural Washington"
This is why they hate her...
Bernie Sanders tried to retroactively steal Nevada from Hillary Clinton today
What some men have against Hillary Clinton
Strike Three: Feds Catch Bernie with $10 Million in Mystery Campaign Donations
Clinton e-mail report illustrates antiquated IT system: Rachel Maddow looks at how a new inspector general's report on Hillary Clinton's violation of State Department e-mail rules describes the archaic archiving system Clinton was supposed to have followed.
I just realized -- with HRC, we may finally have a SCOTUS who will stand up for gun control and stand up to the NRA
Bernie Sanders: Hillary Clinton has won the Democratic nomination process
Hillary gives Bernie hecklers the hard truth
Bernie Sanders Is Threatened by a T-Shirt
Dan Merica on Twitter: "Hillary Clinton asked by @hannahfc if Bernie Sanders is qualified to be president. Her answer: "Yes.""
Hillary Clinton Destroyed Trump in the Debates Just by Being a Grown-Up
Who else is donating to Hillary today? Just spent $100 on merch. WA's results won't get me down! :-)
Hilldawg supporter tumblr url share
A crowd tried and failed to get Bernie Sanders to embrace reparations at a forum in Minneapolis.
Clinton Slams Sanders Campaign: 'Enough is Enough'
Hillary Clinton Releases Ad Supporting Obamas Gun Control Efforts
Balderas in Iowa to support Clinton
Amy Schumer on Twitter: "Said go New York go New York go! #imwithher https://t.co/rUF0K2n2cv"
Trump Has Promised a Supreme Court Seat to a Personal Friend Who Endorsed Him & Who Has Only Worked as a Lawyer a Total of Seven Months
Quick PSA to Washington voters.
Reporters gasp in outrage that Hillary Clinton dares raise her voice, don't notice men shouting
Nate Silver on Twitter: "Here are states whose demographics best match Democrats as a whole. Clinton may sweep all 8.
Melania Trump plagiarizes Michelle Obama's 2008 convention speech
'The Atlantic' Editors Endorse Hillary Clinton for President
Washington Watch: Bernies blunders
ANALYSIS: Sorry, But There Still Isn't Enough to Prosecute Hillary Clinton
Rand Paul on Bernie Sanders' Economic Illiteracy
"Bernie Sanders wags his finger a lot, and people are starting to talk about it" - I found this super impolite during the debate last night
Bernie Sanders Courts Marthas Vineyard Donors
"Clinton was effective, presidential and the clear winner of the debate."
Nights at the Roundtable: 4/8
Two-thirds of NC legislative Democrats - including all 21 Democratic women - endorse @HillaryClinton. #NCGA #NCPOL #CharObs
Quinnipiac Poll - New York: Hillary Clinton (54), Sanders (42)
How to contact event organizers?
Happening in Las Vegas: Sanders campaign posing as Clinton campaign. Knocking on doors at 11pm at night to make voters angry. @jeneps
Delegates of each democratic canidate!
Just how harshly has Bernie Sanders criticized President Obama? Lets break it down.
why I support Hillary over Bernie
Bill Clinton: Hillary could still win in New Hampshire
In final pitch, Hillary Clinton emphasizes experience, effectiveness
How a Sanders surge may help Hillary Clinton
Line forming as people prepare to see Bill in PA
Patton Oswalt: HRC Is a Badass
Bernie would have killed the Super Collider and Space Station.
"Sanders's proposals are so radical they have zero chance of ever going into effect...Clinton is undoubtedly right when she says she's the more pragmatic candidate, with policy proposals designed to improve the system instead of blowing it up."
I say debate and let Hillary show her stuff.
Today's partisan activists are hopelessly ill-equipped to pick presidential winners
Hillary Clinton Has Slight Lead in Initial Preferences in Iowa: Early Entrance Poll Estimates
Bernie Sanders was the most partisan senator in 2015
This may shock you: Hillary Clinton is fundamentally honest
Hillary: Electing a woman is the REAL revolution.
"The simple fact is that there were three candidates on the debate stage Sunday night  and only one of them is qualified to be president. Its not Martin OMalley, and its not Bernie Sanders."
New Poll: Clinton at 55%, Sanders at 32% with NJ Democrats
Nate Cohn on Twitter: "This has been true for a while now, but it's worth repeating: Clinton does not need to win any additional states to win the nomination"
TAKE A DEEP BREATH! HILLARY HAS ALREADY WON THE NOMINATION. WE HAVE THE HIGH ROAD.
Bernie Sanders is making unrealistic promises about his free college plan
Biden clarifies comments on Hillary Clinton and income inequality
Bernie Sanders - "It would be hypocritical of me to run as a Democrat because of the things I have said about the party." [Socialist Scholars Conference in New York City, April 1990
Has anyone noticed that Sanders lacks patriotism or national pride? Hillary recognizes the problems in America, but she is proud too. Her focus is building a greater future for a flawed but already great nation. Sanders seems to hate America and wishes to burn everything to the ground
Hillary Clinton Picks Up Another Texas Superdelegate
Hugh Laurie on not understanding hatred for Hillary "It's as if I missed the first reel of the film where she burned down the orphanage"
Clinton faces disruptive Sanders supporters in New York
Dan Merica on Twitter: "Leah Thompson, whose house is down the street from Clooney's home, has this response to Sanders supporters."
Poll: Clinton leads Trump among middle-class Rust Belt voters
Hillary Clinton is closer to winning red states than she is to losing swing states
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "I accept your nomination for president of the United States! Hillary
"I watch Hillary Clintons face. She smiles. You always smile at the job interview."- blog re: progressive and feminism.
The Pettiness of the Angry White Male
All Eyes on Brooklyn Ahead of New York Primary: Brooklyn has an outsize presence this year on the national political stage
Hi! Education question from a Bernie supporter (NOT HERE TO HATE)
Hillary Clinton will campaign in Syracuse on Friday
Why a smart woman should vote for Hillary Clinton
Bernie telling a peaceful protestor to shut up. Clearly he's way more qualified.
I like Bernie Sanders. His supporters? Not so much
Tomorrow is the CO Congressional District 1 Convention & Assembly!
Post Debate Roundtable: 4/14
Harry Enten on Twitter: "Bhahahahahahahahahahah.... BAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH... BHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH https://t.co/jpRCAxy4kn" re: "Its Time for Hillary Clinton to Concede" by HA Goodman
Hillary Clinton proposes $125B to help under-served communities
Bernie Bros on Reddit Infuriate Me (i.e why Hillary is better for gay people)
Never forget who helped to make this a reality. Millions of people in Myanmar voting for the first time, and the militarily junta voluntarily giving up power for the first time. A progressive who gets shit done.
Van Jones on Twitter: "Y'all know I love @BernieSanders. But if @HillaryClinton isn't "qualified" to be president, WHAT WOMAN IS?? What human is?? #BackUpBernie"
Hillary Clinton Won the Iowa Caucus by a Historically Narrow Margin
Bernie Sanders claims he is losing to Clinton because poor people dont vote
RT if you agree!
In his own words: Bernie Sanders on his spat with Hillary Clinton
Has Bernie Sanders ever given a legitimate answer to how he plans to get his policies passed?
Brian Fallon on Twitter: "I, for one, am shocked to learn that GOP sources on Cap Hill may have leaked inaccurate info about Clinton's emails https://t.co/jgoNRMW94J"
The cold, hard truth: it's over, Bernie
Waiting for Clinton: Now is the time for Hillary to break through with her winning case to voters
I am officially suspending my campaign. Thank you for all your loyal support. #ImWithHucK
CNN projection: Ted Cruz will be the winner of the Iowa Republican Caucuses
At a Monday night forum in frigid Iowa, Bernie Sanders was asked a simple question by Fusion journalist Jorge Ramos: Was his 2005 vote for legislation that protected gun makers from lawsuits a mistake? The answer was far less simple. No, Sanders said.
Wolf Blitzer on Twitter: I'll interview @HillaryClinton live today in @CNNSitRoom during 5PM ET hour. Please join us.
Bernie Sanders Had No Plan for Losing Nevada
John Kerry Had Walking Pneumonia Too - Good Thing for Him He Wasn't a Woman
Donald Trump's foreign ties may conflict with U.S. national security interests
Morning Consult national poll: Clinton 51 (+2), Sanders 38 (-2)
Understanding the Tax Plans of Donald Trump and Ted Cruz (follow-up video to a previous video comparing Clinton and Sanders)
Do you think there could be a spot for Biden in Clinton's cabinet?
In favor of closed primaries but...
Does Hillary have a slogan?
Fox Legal Analyst Baselessly Claims Hillary Clinton Committed A Felony, Intentionally Sent Classified Information To Aides
Clinton surrogates knock Sanders' record on race
Bill Clinton rips Sanders backers' 'sexist,' 'profane' attacks
McCarthy: House panel overstepped with Clinton email probe
Anna Wintour confident Hillary Clinton will be next US president
"When I said women's rights are human rights, that was a statement about inequality." - Hillary Clinton
"Trump and Sanders see trade in terms that are simple, vivid and wrong  as a competition in which exports are victories and imports are defeats. They think we are losing, but they don't know how to keep score."
Sanders hits Clinton on Gitmo despite his own similar vote
Black Democrats Question Sanders' Commitment to Obama
Why I think it's so outrageous that Bernie Sanders is getting a free pass for his thinly veiled misogynistic rhetoric
Hillary Clinton Won the 5th Democratic Debate by Sharpening Her Attacks on Bernie Sanders
Bernie Sanders crushed Hillary Clinton by 70 points among young people in Iowa. But 
I'm a Hillary supporter and I finally found the Hillary subreddit. I have a quick question.
What the bird was really saying to Bernie
Hillary is being attacked hard on this #1 trend #HistoryByHillary.. Go stand up for Hillary on Twitter my friends! (and here's a gif that I threw together cuz it's HAPPENING!)
Donald Trump is Motivating Democrats in a Huge Way
Bill Clinton returns to Iowa to campaign for Hillary.
People are saying Hillary is copying Bernies Teachers/Hedge Fund manager tweets when she has been saying it for almost a year at least
Amy Poehler Discusses a Leslie Knope Presidency with Hillary Clinton : People.com
Stephen Colbert: "I'm glad she [Sarah Silverman
VEEPSTAKES ROUND THREE! The veeping continues.
Full Video: Hillary Clinton's Foreign Policy Speech
Democrat or Republican, Liberal or Conservative...
Why Hillary Should Pick Elizabeth Warren for Veep
Poll conducted in Israel: 68% have favorable view of Hillary. Beats Trump 42%-34% in who would be better for Israel.
If I could ask Hillary 2 questions regarding foreign policy
Nevada aside,Trump and Sanders trail among Latinos
[Livestream @ 2:45PM ET / 11:45AM PT
Yet Another Sanders "New Strategy" - Flipping California
Bernie gets Burned on twitter...ouch
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "The attack on the Orange County HQ @NCGOP office is horrific and unacceptable. Very grateful that everyone is safe."
All The Reasons To Remain Happy About The Primaries
Clinton owns Sanders hecklers :D
Morning Roundtable - 6/03
Little Miss Flint meeting Obama vs Trump
Nate Silver: "If all states held primaries instead of caucuses, Clinton might already have clinched the nomination, we estimate."
April 26 Phonebanking Megathread! Updates, tutorials, etc.!
Chelsea Clinton to stop in Poughkeepsie Sunday
Sanders accuses Clinton of trying to STEAL Polk County in Iowa
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "Middle class families pay their taxes. But billionaires like Mr. Trump don't have to thanks to their friends in Congress."
Spike Lee's Bernie Sanders radio spot overshadowed by wife's endorsement: 'We need Hillary to be the next POTUS!'
Clinton investigation reveals a devastating coverup
AP Delegate Count: Clinton Adds 4 More Superdelegates. 74 Delegates Clinches Nomination.
Get off the stage! Crowd yells at commencement speaker after she uses Spanish, mentions Trump
Hillary Clinton Rally in New York State
Why did Bernie Sanders dominate Saturday Caucuses in whiter states ?
Facebanking?
Hillary Clinton will be elected president today
Did Bernie Sanders Just Go Negative On Hillary Clinton?
I am a State Delegate for Hillary in Nevada and we just had a state Call and HRC was on to talk!
Last night's results should remind us that this is going to be a dog fight. The first thing I did today was donate $20 to Hillary's campaign. What did you do?
Nate Cohn: If Clinton and Bernie agreed all super delegates should vote with state, Bernie would still need to win all remain contests by ~30 to win
Former Bernie or Buster Here, Now All In For Hillary :)
Hillary comforting Maren Sarkar at 9/11 memorial a month after the attacks
Los Angeles Rally
Turns out Hillary was rocking "Not me, Us" back in '93.
Hillary Clinton Supporters May Be Hiding In Plain View
Paul Krugman: I keep being told about terrible things the Clintons did that never actually happened, but were carefully fomented right-wing legends  except I'm hearing them from people on the left.
Hillary Gets Fired Up Over How Dem Debates Have Ignored Abortion
#Breaking News: Trump campaign chairman helped pro-Russian governing party in Ukraine route funds to DC lobbying firms. (The Associated Press)
The popular vote on the Democratic side so far is Clinton 62, Sanders 37
Alison Grimes, Kentucky SOS: Hillary Clinton is unofficial winner of KY Dem. presidential primary. The margin is 1,911 as certified by counties required by law last wk.
As of today, 538's polling aggregate has Hillary with an 8.9% lead nationally.
Twitter Explodes: FL voters appalled by Sanders' answers on Castro & Immigration
Hillary Clinton continued to fight for Healthcare reform while Sec of State
Sanders supporter checking in. Just made my first donation to HRC today because whatever differences there are between the Sander and HRC camp, we MUST unite to prevent a Trump presidency!
Bill Clinton will visit Binghamton University on Saturday.
If every critic reviewed her resume, Hillary Clinton would never be called unqualified
The Case Against Bernie Sanders
Poll: Nearly two-thirds of debate watchers said Hillary Clinton won
Play the "Woman Card" and reap these "rewards!"
Hillary Clinton to Campaign in New Haven, CT on Saturday
Transcript Of Clinton's Confirmation Hearing : NPR
Why I can't trust the Bern and why you should think twice before embracing Democratic Socialism.
Can We All Take A Moment To Recognize Hillary Clinton Just Made History! Hillary is the first woman ever to win the Iowa caucus, the moment when the voters finally jump into America's presidential selection process. That's not something to ignore.
"We will raise taxes, yes we will" - Seven words uttered by Bernie Sanders on camera on January 26, 2016, that would sink him in the general election if he were the nominee
Trump in 2004: Pregnancy is an 'inconvenience' to employers
College students backing Clinton are frustrated with "Bernie Bros" - "I feel like there's a lot of ignorance among college students in regards to their support for Bernie."
Bernies Failed Revolution
Susan Sarandon is on Bill Maher right now refusing to say if she would or vote for Hillary Clinton.
Some who voted for Bernie Sanders, now weary of his divisiveness, switch to Hillary Clinton
Ellen responds to (T)RUMPs "Woman Card" on today's show and brings her own card to the table.
Pope, on video and in his own words, talking about meeting Sanders.
Can Sanders' plan to break up the banks work? -Barney Frank lays down some facts.
Hillary Clinton's snapchat story today
Donald Trump just made his worst tweet yet
Sanders Over the Edge - Op Ed by Paul Krugman
Extremely "revolutionary" ideas being posted on Sanders' twitter: Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "We must transform our energy system away from fossil fuels in order to leave a planet that is healthy and habitable for future generations."
I just watched the Univision debate and...
AP just called it -- Hillary Clinton is the winner of the Nevada GOP caucus
Please Share! Hillary "Rebel Girl" YouTube Video
The Clintons have left their hotel and are headed to their watch party, per two aides.
91% of the caucus precincts reporting: Hillary Clinton 50.1%, Sanders 49.3%, O'Malley 0.5%; 141 precincts left
Hillary Clinton Turns, Repeatedly, to a Democrat Not on the Debate Stage: Obama
Hillary Clinton's Police Shootings Response Earned A Spirited Reception From The Audience
Clinton Says More Details Needed on Sanders Health-Care Plan
Clinton declared caucus winner by Iowa Democratic Party
Clinton to Iowans: Time to 'get real' about Sanders
Debra Messing vs Susan Sarandon: Hillary or Trump
Bill Clinton rips Sanders backers' 'sexist,' 'profane' attacks
Obama hopes to pave way for Clinton with farewell State of the Union
People get what they ask for, or, why the reaction to the Tim Kaine pick explains the terrible predicament we're in.
Sanders Struggles To Back Up Idea Clinton Has Been Compromised By Donations
Someone responds to Bernie's condescending tweet about Romania
Here's the video that will please you - Jeff Weaver on CNN being shown that cold, hard, delegate math. Refuses to see what's in front of him.
Little R&R FOR ME.
Why Bernie Sanders Cant Win
Are open primaries for presidential party candidate nominations problematic?
Hillary Clinton says its over if she blows out Bernie Sanders in New York
Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia Dies At 79: Reports
Why a Flight to Flint May Be Clintons Cleverest Move Yet
Clinton, her answer on Coal Country, and how my wife moved from Sanders to Undecided
5 Step Protocol to Uncovering Unconscious Sexist Bias in Bernie Supporters
New Hampshire in 3 days. Can't express how important this is.
Im done with Bernie Sanders: Why this democratic socialist is voting for Hillary Clinton - Bernie's not a more progressive choice, just a different one. The more I compare the two, the less I feel the Bern
Hillary talks foreign policy with Maddow and clearly shows why she is an expert in the field.
Sanders campaign rewrites history of Super Tuesday losses: "On how the Sanders campaign was increasing spending and staffing for those primary contests, facts that now undercut the campaign's explanation that they weren't really trying in those states they lost to Hillary Clinton."
New Hampshire UMass/7News Tracking Poll - Sanders 55%, Clinton - 41% (Sanders lead down 19 percentage points since Tuesday)
Trump voter: "I like Trump because he says exactly what he means." Trump: "Somebody shoot my opponent." Trump voter: "He didn't mean that."
The 13 Best Lines From Hillary Clinton's Blistering Speech About Donald Trump
Let's just take a moment to reflect on '08 California polls
Hillary Clinton confronts Donald Trump in New York ad
Sorry, Bernie: DOMA Really Was a Defensive Action Against a Possible Constitutional Amendment
Hillary Clinton Campaign Leans Heavily on Feminism to Make Case Against Bernie Sanders
In Iowas final stretch, Clinton pivots away from attacking rival Sanders
Major Garrett on Twitter: "Chances of a @realDonaldTrump @BernieSanders debate? From 3 #Trump sources: #NeverHappen "0" & "It was a joke." #TooBad #PayPerView"
Facing a staggering loss, the Bernie Sanders campaign is already pulling out of Arkansas
Sorry to disappoint. Fed up with Bernie supporting cyber bullies and negative campaign tactics against HRC who I like and respect
Wednesday Afternoon Roundtable
Hello! This is my first time on Reddit -- as you probably could have guessed! -- but I wanted to drop in and thank you so much for everything you're doing.
Obama to Democrats booing Donald Trump: "Dont boo. Vote."
I unsubscribed from r/politics
So I did a little update on @FiveThirtyEight's "revised" path to a Bernie victory. Spoiler: He fell short of reaching it tonight in WI.
Nights at the Roundtable: 3/31-4/1
Hillary Clinton has had enough of Bernie Sanders
Hillary Clinton Admits She Owns More Than 800 Pantsuits, Confesses "I'm Addicted to Blue"
No, the DNC Didnt Rig the Primary in Favor of Hillary
Hillary's Emails: A Closer Look
Former top McCain aide: I'll vote for Clinton!
In response to the veepstakes I made a NCAA style 64 candidate regional bracket. If anyone wants to see something like this, here it is:
Let's get 1,000 RT to show supporters we're ENTHUSIASTIC for HRC!
Any chance Sanders will drop 3/15?
Town Hall: Reality Check Team vets the claims
Under fire from Clintons camp, Sanders makes no mention of her at N.H. stop
Clinton Camp Calls On Sanders To Agree To Unsanctioned Debate
Hillary Clinton: 'Even In This Darkest Night, Paris Remains The City Of Light'
WaPo: Donald Trump preyed on victims of financial crisis, New York Attorney General says
History shows that Hillary can win over Bernie Sanders supporters - Politifact says TRUE
Bernie Sanders has really pissed off Margaret Archer
Hillary Clinton campaign chair: 'The American people can handle the truth' on UFOs
Obama's Legacy Depends on Hillary Clinton
Giuliani's daughter is for Clinton
Trump tweets "I respect them all" about Hillary supporters. @HillaryClinton responds: Except for African Americans, Muslims, Latinos, immigrants, women, veteransand any so-called "losers" or "dummies."
Sanders convert
Hillary Clinton holds an organizing event at Los Angeles Southwest College in California
Can't wait for Bernie to ENDORSE Hillary
Interesting Trivia: Bernie Has Won No Closed Primaries in 2016. The Next Five States After Wyoming Are All Closed Primaries.
Hillary Clinton campaign event in Harlem
HRC hitting Trump: "I will leave it to the psychiatrists to explain his affection for tyrants"
Trump promotes fossil fuels and assails pollution rules in energy plan: "Trump vowed Thursday to bring energy independence to America by getting rid of regulations aimed at curbing pollution and emissions of greenhouse gases"
Jermaine Jackson: Michael would have supported Hillary
Civil rights icon and Clinton supporter John Lewis stumps for Hillary in Birmingham
"My Journey from #FeelTheBern to #HillYes"
Least shocking result ever: Kentucky recount changes 13 votes. Not delegates. Votes. Clinton still wins KY
Violence Is Never the Answer
How to Save America From Donald Trump - Theres only one way to stop the misogynist, racist, policy-illiterate candidate from becoming the next U.S. president
S4P is trying to mobilize supporters to make the NY primary open. Can we do the same but to keep it closed?
I am worried
Is Hillary at all running a dirty campaign?
Larry J. Sabato's Crystal Ball: Dems: 347 R: 191
Any exit polls showing ethnic minority trends?
Hillary Clinton gets Chicago Endorsements as Bill campaigns in Peoria
Fight for the rest of the world
This Washington State Caucus location was almost complete chaos
Per RCP, Hillary now has at least 1,215 delegates, **more than 50 percent** of what she needs to take the nomination!
The next time somebody complains about Superdelegates...
Lesbian Poet Eileen Myles Endorses Hillary Clinton
Bernie Sanders a regular at high-dollar donor retreats
Eric Holder: Hillary Clinton is the best candidate to protect the Obama legacy
Sen. Bernie Sanders broke his pledge to not run negative ads in the Democratic presidential race with a spot that criticizes Hillary Clintons Wall Street donations, Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook tells reporters.
Bernie Just Stole Nevada (or at Least a Few More a Delegates)
Washington Post fact-checker: Sanders cant slam her for words she did not say
Clinton's Trump 'Card': Donald Trump keeps misplaying 'the woman card'  and digging himself a deeper hole against Hillary Clinton.
Conversation with Sanders supporter
Sanders Trying to Reverse Pro-Trade Position of Democrats Dating Back to Martin Van Buren
Hillary Clinton is so over Bernie Sanders
These election experts are predicting a Hillary Clinton landslide over Donald Trump
#bernedout
Bernie Sanders Won Iowa Because the Media Says He Did
"I'm with her"
Intentionally or not, the State of the Union served as a stirring endorsement of the Clinton narrative and rejection of the Sanders narrative.
Trump used $258,000 from his charity to settle legal problems
Clinton Vaults to a Double-Digit Lead (POLL) 50% to 38%
Hello -- and a quick thank you!
Donald Trump's companies destroyed or hid documents in defiance of court orders
Bernie Sanders just posted this on Facebook.
J.K. Rowling on Twitter: "The men rushing to tell us all that they talk about women exactly the way @realDonaldTrump did in his tape seem to think they're helping."
Our visitors from /r/The_D****d throw a fit whenever I post this pic. HRC and FLOTUS speaking to a packed stadium in NC today. Let's show them what real enthusiasm looks like.
Clinton Vaults to a Double-Digit Lead (POLL) 50% to 38%
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "Middle class families pay their taxes. But billionaires like Mr. Trump don't have to thanks to their friends in Congress."
Trump recorded having extremely lewd conversation about women in 2005
AP: BREAKING: US official: Newly discovered emails related to Clinton investigation did not come from her private server.
STATEMENT FROM JOHN McCAIN WITHDRAWING SUPPORT OF DONALD TRUMP
Mitt Romney on Twitter: Hitting on married women? Condoning assault? Such vile degradations demean our wives and daughters and corrupt America's face to the world.
Sanders Announces Bill to Close Tax Loopholes Used by Trump
FBI's Comey opposed naming Russians, citing election timing
Trump said he hopes 2nd amendment people stop Hillary. I hope 19th amendment people stop Trump.
DO NOT FAIL TO VOTE BECAUSE IT LOOKS LIKE TRUMP IS SUNK
When you protest a Trump rally but no one realizes your shirt says "Latinas AGAINST trump" so they take pics w/ you like you're supporters
Donald Trump isn't the most dangerous man on the ticket: Mike Pence is
This is what we're fighting against folks. Leave it up to the republicans to put anti-LGBT legislation in a "must pass" defense bill.
The FBI director did not say email investigation was being reopened. Republican Jason Chaffetz is the one who said that -- and he's wrong.
(2013) 100% of perverts go back to their ways. Sadly, there is no cure
45th President. Upvote this to make it the first image result on Google for 45th President. And don't forget to vote by November 8th!
Colin Powell: Im Voting for Hillary Clinton
Clinton's lead now up to double digits, new NBC/WSJ poll shows
We've Got to Keep Our Daughters Safe from Pervert Men Wearing Wigs
#BREAKING NY AG sends Cease and Desist to Trump Foundation for operating without proper certification.
Democrats raise $13k to help reopen burned NC GOP office
Matthew Yglesias on Twitter: The only way the email story could get any worse for Clinton would be if some kind of actual wrongdoing were unearthed at some point.
Richard Hine: "Trump: Don't judge me on the man I was 10 years ago. But please judge Hillary on the man her husband was 20 years ago #TrumpTape"
Stephen Colbert on Twitter: "Trump said his campaign could be his "single greatest waste of time, energy & money." Congrats, Donald! Today you are a Trump U graduate."
Revealing no understanding of Mormonism whatsoever, Trump said McMullin has been campaigning "coffee shop to coffee shop" in Utah.
Donald J. Trump on Twitter: The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my support during his primary (I gave, he won), then dropped me over locker room remarks!
Best billboard of the 2016 campaign is up in Dearborn, Michigan: "Donald Trump: He can't read this, but he's afraid of it."
Trump's downvote brigade tried to hide this: PolitiFact rules Trump lied about the FBI investigation.
Garry Kasparov on Twitter: Trump's "President Day 1" checklist: 1 Jail opponent. 2 Media crackdown. 3 Support Assad. Coincidentally, that was also Putin's checklist.
Marco Rubio Says Republicans are making a mistake by jumping on allegedly hacked emails released by Wikileaks to criticize Hillary Clinton. "Today it is the Democrats. Tomorrow it could be us."
 Paul Ryan: If Republicans Lose the Senate, Bernie Sanders Wins
Two women have come forward to the NYT regarding sexual assault committed by Donald Trump
Nate Silver on Twitter: Huge surge last night in Google searches for how to donate to Clinton's campaign. (Much bigger than for Trump.)
David Fahrenthold (WAPO) on Twitter: That's right: in 2009, @realDonaldTrump used $5K from his foundation to pay the winner of "Trump pays your bills" contest on TV show Extra.
Front page cover of TIME magazine - Total Meltdown.
Paul Ryan Sitting Among Undecided Voters At Town Hall Debate
Independent Conservative Presidential Candidate Evan McMullin on Twitter: .@realDonaldTrump, Yes youve never heard of me because while you were harassing women at beauty pageants, I was fighting terrorists abroad.
Bernie is doing SEVEN rallies in TWO days to stop Trump: Thank you Senator for your amazing dedication.
Joe Biden PASSIONATELY Calls Out Donald Trump on His PTSD Comments, Shares Story of Son Beau.
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "I have 7 beautiful grandchildren and 4 kids. I do not want Donald Trump to be their president"
GOP will block Supreme Court nominees for Clinton, too: "I promise you that we will be united against any Supreme Court nominee that Hillary Clinton, if she were president, would put up," McCain said.
Mark Cuban on Twitter: "So Donald Trump lost more than $50mm of daddy's money by the age of 33. Born on 3rd base, stranded on 1st."
Well you can't knock the Trump Hotel in Chicago for customer service. Glad they delivered on my personal request for a photo of Hillary!
PublicPolicyPolling on Twitter: "Trump won the nomination because he was the only candidate who told the racists in the GOP it was ok to be racist. Bottom line."
Kalli Joy Gray on Twitter: Obviously, at this late stage, the GOP should be required to carry its nominee to term.
"Hillary Clinton thinks your daughter could be president someday and Donald Trump would like to grab her by the pussy. Your move, America." Mike Birbiglia
Bill Maher: Never realized Hillary was the emperor of the world for the last 30 years, solely responsible for every bad thing that ever happened. Hmm.
Dems are building video files, archiving tweets on Republicans who've praised Trump to hit them in 2017, 2018, 2020
PEOPLE Reveals 6 Witnesses Who Corroborate Natasha Stoynoff's Story of Being Attacked by Donald Trump
Joy Behar: It's interesting to me that a man who dodged the draft 6 times, who did not pay taxes for 18 years, and got free media attention for a year, is saying that the system is rigged against him. It sounds to me that the system is rigged FOR him.
The Onion: Anderson Cooper Begins Debate By Giving Trump Opportunity To Explain What The Fuck Is Wrong With Him
Meghan McCain on Twitter: Trump is going nuclear on the GOP instead of Hillary because he knows he's going to lose & is going to need someone to blame when it happens
Breaking News from Brian Thompson on Twitter: "URGENT BREAKING: NJ judge issues Probable Cause criminal summons vs. @GovChristie for official misconduct in office #Bridgegate @NBCNewYork"
Paul Krugman on Twitter "Let's be clear: a candidate for president promised to put his opponent in jail if he wins. Everything else is secondary."
By releasing an email with my words -- and pretending they came from Clinton advisor - Putin has shown his hand.
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "The attack on the Orange County HQ @NCGOP office is horrific and unacceptable. Very grateful that everyone is safe."
Jeb Bush on Twitter: As the grandfather of two precious girls, I find that no apology can excuse away Donald Trump's reprehensible comments degrading women.
Sanders: My emails would be just as bad about Clinton
This is today's New Yorker's cartoon.
Okay, she got undecided voter Ken Bone! "It would be unconscionable for me" to see marriage equality rights "taken away by a Supreme Court justice appointed by Donald Trump"
Libertarian VP Candidate Gives Up, Will Focus on Preventing Trump Presidency
Scotland's First Minister - "Hate hearing @HillaryClinton described as 'lesser of two evils' when she's actually a smart, strong, experienced, resilient woman."
Mike Pence Accused of Voter Suppression in Indiana
Sending Tim Kaine good vibes tonight for the VP debate, as he fights for our country.
Former Obama Speechwriter Jon Favreau on Twitter: After a DEFCON 1 freakout, we now know the emails in question were: 1) Not from Hillary 2) Not from her sever 3) Not from her investigation
Bernie Sanders: If my supporters 'take a hard look' at what Gary Johnson stands for, they won't vote for him
Chelsea Handler on Twitter: She got Bin Laden; you didn't even get an Emmy.
"Nasty Woman and the Bad Hombres" Poster
Ana Navarro on Twitter: "Should Donald Trump drop out of the race? Yes. He should drop out of the human race. He is an animal. Apologies to animals."
Hugh Laurie on not understanding hatred for Hillary "It's as if I missed the first reel of the film where she burned down the orphanage"
Seth MacFarlane: "South Park's Family Guy episode was funny. So was SNL. If I can take it, a Presidential candidate can. Sack up."
Bill Clinton: Im a white southerner  I know what Make America Great Again means
(((Harry Enten))) (538) On Twitter: "This was a field of 17... More GOP primary voters chose Trump than any other candidate. It's on them."
What Hillary Clinton was doing when she was looking down at the debate
Trump: "If I don't win on Nov. 8, I will consider this the single greatest waste of time, energy, and money of anything I've ever done."
Tim Kaine makes history: Delivers speech entirely in Spanish during Spanish-language church service
'The Atlantic' Editors Endorse Hillary Clinton for President
Senator Tim Kaine on Twitter: We're up in the pollsthat's great. But when the wind's at your back, it's time to run faster. Be a part of this.
Will McLeod on Twitter: "I just choked on my coffee when my friend referred to Jill Stein as Tofu Palin."
George Takei on Twitter "I hear the bathrooms in Trump Tower are being relabeled "Bad Hombres" and "Nasty Women.""
The Tampa Bay Times, Florida's most widely circulated newspaper, endorses Hillary Clinton for President.
Hey Millenials: welcome to your own "Clinton Scandal"
Paul Krugman on Twitter: "I think I'm seeing a shift in media narrative, from hyping the supposedly close election to Trump disaster porn. This could be a big deal."
ppl like "what's with Hilary's pantsuit, she looks like a interplanetary leader from the future." FUCKING DUH DRESS FOR THE JOB YOU WANT.
Just voted for Hillary, legal marijuana, school funding, background checks on guns, higher minimum wage, and Ranked Choice Voting in Maine! It was a good day.
Garry Kasparov:"Saying that fair elections are rigged is as much a crime against democracy as saying that rigged elections are fair."
CBS Breaking News: More questionable footage of Trump's comments on women -- In an Entertainment Tonight Christmas feature in 1992, Trump looked at a group of 10-year-old girls and said he would be dating one of them in ten years. At the time, Trump would have been 46 years old.
President Obama: Outstanding 3 for 3 debate sweep for @HillaryClinton! Nobody has ever been more prepared to be @POTUS.
RNC halts Victory project work for Trump
Cher on Twitter: "SOME1"PLEASE"TELL ME,HOW CAN A 70 YR OLD MAN SAY"IT WAS 10Yrs AGO" R WE SUPPOSED 2CUT THIS ANIMAL SLACK,CAUSE HE WAS ONLY 60PUL-EASE"
Hillary Clinton even won the online Breitbart poll.
Jill Stein has 0% support among college educated white women. They're all supporting Hillary
daveweigel (WaPo) on Twitter: "I've been seeing dudes selling/wearing "TRUMP THAT BITCH" shirts at Trump rallies since April. Go ahead and pretend the problem is one man."
About open SCOTUS seat, Justice Thomas: '"At some point, we have got to recognize that were destroying our institutions"
Susan B. Anthony's grave at the moment.
Bill Maher on Twitter: '"Final thought: Hillary won the debate, but Alec Baldwin did a great job intensifying Trump's insanity. That was Alec Baldwin, right?"
New Yorker cartoon by Bent Schwartz: "Finish Him".
Remember y'all: they go low, we go high.
Erick Erickson: To sum up: Republicans who, four years ago, blasted middle class voters for paying no taxes, are praising Trump for not paying taxes.
This Barack Obama quote from a rally yesterday sums up this election.
Paul Krugman (NY Times) on Twitter: If we don't hear more from Comey, we just have to conclude that he was trying to swing election. And *that* should be the story.
"Hillary can't draw crowds like Trump."
Clinton spox: "133,000 Latinos have already cast ballots in Florida. That is a 99% increase over 2012.
0/300READ THIS EMAIL: "I feel like this is the type of email from Hillary Clinton people like to ignore"
I just need to declare it....
Breaking: In letter, US Senator accuses @FBI of withholding "explosive" info connecting @realDonaldTrump campaign to Kremlin
LeBron James: Why I'm endorsing Hillary Clinton
Wil Wheaton on Twitter: "The Republican nominee for president today told his supporters to commit voter fraud. But something something email, so \_()_/"
Clinton to nation: let's bury Trump under landslide
Matt Wilstein on Twitter: One of those Supreme Court justices @realDonaldTrump floated, @SenMikeLee, just unendorsed him
President Obama on Twitter: Just like Michelle says, when they go low, we go high. @HillaryClinton went high and showed why she'll be a POTUS for all Americans.
KATY PERRY on Twitter: If you have any more excuses about him after watching this, God have mercy on your soul.
Paul Ryan might still fully rescind his endorsement before Nov. 8, sources told POLITICO.
And They Were Offended to Be Called Deplorables...
Hillary doesn't only rock paint suits. Here's a gorgeous picture of the mother of the bride in Oscar de la Renta.
These 3...
Sad Ted Cruz Phone-Banking For Donald Trump Is The Meme Of The Campaign
Sam Stein on Twitter: And.... anti-Trump, pro-Clinton group files a DoJ complaint against Comey for election interference
If you are a Hillary supporter in Utah, VOTE FOR HILLARY, mcmullin winning in that state DOES NOT HELP.
Was a Trump Server Communicating With Russia? Computer Scientists Find Disturbing Patterns to Moscow
Time for FBI director Comey to resign
Sen. Mark Kirk (R-IL) sarcastically impugns disabled veteran Tammy Duckworth's family history of American military service because she's of mixed race. Seriously.
Chris Hayes on Twitter: Before this history gets re-written in real time. The "turning point" in the race was the 1st debate, not the Access Hollywood tape.
Fact is, #DonaldTrump has given us a more detailed plan to sexually assault women than he has to fight Isis.
Al Gore: 'Consider me exhibit A' for why each vote matters
Another Texan checking in. I promised myself after the primaries that I would never vote for Hillary. I'm so, so, so happy to say that I was able to break that promise today.
Kurt Eichenwald on twitter: Word from inside @FBI. FURIOUS at Comey, think he's mishandled public revelations from get go. "Outrageous incompetence" one agent told me.
New campaign ad featuring the Khan family.
A Veteran Spy Has Given the FBI Information Alleging a Russian Operation to Cultivate Donald Trump
Senator Tim Kaine on Twitter "No question who won [last night
George Takei on Twitter: Trump could not affirm that he would accept the election result. This. Is. Unamerican.
Obama denounces Trump's predatory comments, calling him 'insecure'
Breitbart just blasted out this story. Oomph...
From a Bernie supporter who proudly voted for Hillary
Happy 69th Birthday to the amazing Hillary Rodham Clinton.
Newspaper in Deep-Red Oklahoma Endorses Hillary: "We consider this presidential election perhaps the most important presidential election in American history given whats at stake, and after reviewing the policy positions of both candidates, we believe Clinton is the obvious choice for our vote."
Thank you r/hillaryclinton for being a readable subreddit.
"Clinton path to 300+ rock solid. Structure of race not affected by Comey's reckless irresponsibility. Vote and volunteer, don't fret or wet" - David Plouffe
14 Days
Congratulations! /r/HillaryClinton now has 30,000 subscribers! #StrongerTogether
Louis C.K on Hillary: "I dont think she needs any advice from anybody. Shes unbelievable. [She
"And then he said, 'no one has more respect for women than I do'!"
A newly surfaced video shows Donald Trump grabbing and kissing a former Miss Universe onstage
Just a friendly reminder: Rally crowds don't win elections. Lawn signs don't win elections. The opinion of /r/Politics doesn't win elections. Voting wins elections.
Nate Silver on Twitter (March 2016): Exclusive @FiveThirtyEight projection on what the Electoral College would look like if women refuse to vote Trump.
CBS Evening News on Twitter: "BREAKING: CBS confirms Trump national political director Jim Murphy has left the campaign."
Bill Kristol on Twitter: "I'm old enough to remember when Republicans didn't think private emails should be hacked, especially at behest of a hostile foreign power."
Marc E. Elias on Twitter: "BREAKING: Florida Federal Court Extends Registration Deadline to Wednesday at 5pm due to hurricane. PI hearing is Wednesday."
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: (in response to Trump claiming to be "blue collar") Never heard of a blue collar worker losing nearly $1 billion in a year and cheating hundreds of other workers in the process.
Nate Cohn on Twitter: Here's something to consider: What if the polls show more Democrats because... there are more Democrats than Republicans in America?
Breaking: Former teen mayor of Partridge, Minnesota seen campaigning for Hillary Clinton.
Clinton wins 92% to 8 in Univision viewer poll  Trump trolls no hablan espaol.
YASSS: Hillary Clinton on Twitter: Where was this kind of comedy last night?
The Green Party Openly Preferred George W. Bush in 2000 and Openly Prefers Donald Trump Now
CNN/ORC Poll: who won the debate? Clinton 57% to Trump 34%
Some criticized Hillary for not wearing a flag pin during the debates. For those that paid attention she had bigger plans.
"I'm not bossy. I have leadership skills."
Hill and Michelle just packed a coliseum in NC, turning away hundreds. Incredible atmosphere. About that "enthusiasm gap"...
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: Anybody who is suppressing the vote because they know that those people will vote against them is a political coward.
"The Florida Dems are beating the GOP in voter-registration forms submitted by 503,000 to 60,000."
Mark Cuban on Twitter: "Every single @realDonaldTrump hotel and golf course is toast. Done. Over. Bernie Madoff now has a better brand."
Former Dept of Justice Spox Matthew Miller on Twitter: Comey refused to even tell Congress if FBI was investigating Trump camp for Russia hack, but regular updates on Clinton are apparently A-ok.
Katy Perry rocking the "Nasty Woman" shirt today in Las Vegas
Angus Johnston: "I'd like to hear just one Republican say he's disavowing Trump to set an example for his son."
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: ".@FLOTUS, I'm in awe. Thanks for putting into words what's in so many of our hearts. -H"
Trump Is Wrong, Little Haiti Goes for Hillary 19 to 1
Glenn Beck: If not electing Trump means electing Clinton, 'so be it'
Miami-Dade's Republican mayor: I am voting for Clinton
Trump supporter tells CBS: He will make America great again like it was before the homosexuals
Republican Strategist Ana Navarro on Twitter: Just when I thought Trump had exhausted my ability to be shocked, appalled & disgusted, he manages to shock, appall & disgust me anew.
Molly Knight on Twitter: Donald Trump is getting his ass kicked so thoroughly by a woman that he's calling for her to be drug tested for PEDs .
My first ever general election, just voted for Hillary Clinton, against sheriff Joe Arpaio, and for marijuana legalization in the SWING state of Arizona.
Trevor Noah: "The trump tapes shouldn't offend you on behalf of females. It should offend you as a human being."
Guy Benson on Twitter: Anti-Trump operative tells me 2 more big oppo hits coming. Says 1 is ~on par w/ 'p***y grab,' the other is worse.
79% of millennial women say they are voting for Hillary
Hillary Clinton 4 years ago.
Trump insults Hillary's body, says when he checked her out when she walked past him during the debate, "believe me, I wasn't impressed."
85% drop in early voting after polling sites slashed from 16 to 1 in Democratic Guilford County, NC
Kurt Eichenwald on Twitter: "A candidate for President just recited false info from a Russian disinformation op as fact. How did Trump get it?"
Nick Offerman: Hillary Clinton is the 'sane,' 'moral' choice
Lifelong Cubs fan, Hillary Clinton, can't hide her excitement while watching them cement their trip to the World Series.
Megyn Kelly Apologizes To Hillary Clinton For Reading Doctored Quotes Attacking Bernie Supporters
Dylan Byers (CNN) on Twitter: Crowd laughed when @realDonaldTrump said no one respects women more than I do."
Comey Letter Backfires As Email Scandal Revival Energizes Hillary Clinton Supporters
RT if youre proud of Hillary tonight.
Anyone else gain even more respect for Hillary after reading the Wall Street speeches?
Martin O'Malley drags Trump and leaves FOX News hosts stuttering as they try to bait him into attacking Hillary Clinton
lvdjgarcia on Twitter: Dear Dems: That anger & outrage youre feeling right now? Hold on to it, use it to fuel efforts to elect Hillary, a Dem House & a Dem Senate
Donald Trump: Veterans who take their own lives arent strong, cant handle it.
Elizabeth Warren on Twitter: "Give me a break, @realDonaldTrump. Youre not losing because its rigged. Youre losing because we see through your creepy bullying."
In deposition for Trump Plaza bankruptcy case, Trump's own lawyer testified they often met with him in pairs because Trump lies so much.
ARIZONA is now a pure toss-up according to Polls-Plus, we're only behind by .1%!
Former Apprentice Contestant Summer Zervos Says Donald Trump Sexually Harassed Her After The Show
Courtenay Hameister on Twitter: When youre used to preferential treatment, equal treatment feels like discrimination.
Irony
Dan Merica (CNN) on Twitter: A heckler interrupts Clinton's event in CO. She responds, "Gotta feel a little sorry for them, they've had a bad couple weeks."
TRUMP: We still have too many women supporting us. GINGRICH: Let me go on Megyn's show tonight.
Trump: I didnt sexually assault a People magazine reporter, because look at her
Yes, theres a rigged election: The one that ensures a Republican House majority
Republican Strategist Ana Navarro on Twitter: I can't remember the last time a political ad made me cry. This one did. RIP Capt. Khan. American hero.
Chris Hayes on Twitter: We're about 5 days from Trump threatening to sue anyone who votes for Clinton.
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "My name is Mae Wiggins. I was denied an apartment in the Trump buildings based on the color of my skin."
Expat living in China here. Felt patriotic today - whipped myself up a few bacon cheeseburgers, grabbed a cold bud, and voted against a total moron. Ballot in the mail, +1 vote to Hillary
Per WaPo, "Donald Trump now says 'a global power structure' is out to stop him." We are, but most people just call us women.
As of this morning, Florida Democratic Party has submitted 469k voter registration forms; Republican Party of Florida has submitted 59k
You do know you just attacked a Gold Star family? one adviser warned Trump. Trump didnt know what a Gold Star family was: Whats that? he asked.
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "Glad to hear @mike_pence, his staff, Secret Service, and the crew are all safe. -H"
16 Days
Foreign Policy has endorsed Hillary Clinton for President of the United States - Their first Presidential endorsement, ever.
Assange October Surprise... my book is 40% off!!!
Clinton Leads by 7 Points in North Carolina Poll
Per Harry Enten: Clinton up 15 in new AP/GFK poll
James Franco endorses Clinton with his own campaign ad, calls her 'most interesting woman in the world'
Donald Trump Called Deaf Apprentice Marlee Matlin Retarded
Longtime Donald Trump surrogate Newt Gingrich on Thursday smacked down the Republican nominee, saying little Trump is frankly pathetic.
BAHAHAHAHAHAHA: "Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee"
RuPaul on Twitter: "Hillary. President Clinton if you're nasty"
Desperate
Trump Supporter Infuriated After Hillary Wins His Own Biased Post-Debate Poll
Newt Gingrich Lost It and Blew Up at Megyn Kelly: You Are Fascinated with Sex!
David Martosko on Twitter: "Trump just said his employees are having a hard time with Obamacare.... so .... he doesn't provide benefits?"
Laura Meckler (WSJ) on Twitter: Whoa: Campaign says 18,500 people turned out to see Clinton at Ohio State. That's an Obama-like crowd.
Dan Pfeiffer on Twitter: In the eyes of the GOP, people too poor to owe taxes are "takers" and rich people like Trump who don't pay taxes are "geniuses"
Hey Arizona! We're counting on YOU!
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "Its amazing that Im up here after Donald. I didnt think hed be OK with a peaceful transition of power." Hillary at the #AlSmithDinner
Former DoJ spokesman loses it over new FBI probe: Comey flagrantly violated DoJ rules
In Utah, 33% more Democrats than expected have voted
Wrote Hillary to see if she'd wish my wife a happy 30th birthday, and holy smokes she came through!
Wanna talk about "rigged"? Wisconsin clerk limits voting near campus because students lean more toward the Democrats
Brent Spiner on Twitter: "Remember when Gerald Ford got so pissy about Chevy playing him as a clumsy oaf on SNL? Oh, right, he didn't."
Trump on the Commission for Presidential Debates: "I have no respect for that group by the way, I'm done."
Stephen Colbert: "Hopefully someday, Trump will be telling the story about how he tried to f*** America, and failed."
Donald Trump thinks SNL is rigging the election and should be canceled
Polls: Clinton leads in Florida (45% to 42%) and Pennsylvania (49% to 37%)
Ezra Klein on Twitter: "rump's plan today: start a fight with Paul Ryan Clinton's plan today: outline agenda to fight deep poverty"
New Poll Shows Clinton Leads Trump by 4 Points in Alaska
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "Education is at stake. The environment is at stake. LGBT equality are at stake. Equal pay is at stake. IWillVote.com"
Justice Officials Warned FBI That Comeys Decision To Update Congress Was Not Consistent With Department Policy
I helped rig the election for Hillary in Ohio today.
New Ohio poll puts Hillary Clinton ahead of Donald Trump by 9 points after news of Trump's vulgar talk
TFW r/The_Donald Learns What a Real October Surprise Is
Just realized my "Stronger Together" pin has Braille on it. That's pretty cool!
Early look at the "New York Daily News" tomorrow
Giuliani's daughter is for Clinton
Monmouth OH poll: Clinton 44, Trump 42
The Salt Lake Tribune editorial board endorses Hillary Clinton for president (front page cover)
Dear Mr. Putin, I am not Sidney Blumenthal
If you are praying for an #OctoberSurprise or a terror attack, you might be rooting for the wrong candidate. You may also be a bad person.
Eric Boehlert on Twitter: "ABC, CBS, NBC have devoted more minutes to Clinton emails this year than **all policy issues combined.**"
What if every woman got their own Anderson Cooper when they talked? "Please don't interrupt her, she did not interrupt you."
The Miami Herald recommends Hillary Clinton for president of the United States
PublicPolicyPolling on Twitter: "One under covered reason Hillary has struggled: sheer sexism. 40% of Trump voters in OH say country is inherently better off w/ a male POTUS."
Kurt Eichenwald (Newsweek) on Twitter: 1. FBI not reopening the investigation. 2. Comey legally had 2 inform Congress, because he testified they had finished reviewing evidence,
Glenn Beck Says Michelle Obama Delivered 'The Most Effective Political Speech' Since Reagan
Attacked by Donald Trump - A *PEOPLE* Writer's Story
So, Pence, you NEVER said Putin was a better leader than Obama? Oh, girl...
Trump on porn actress who accused him of misconduct: 'Oh, I'm sure she's never been grabbed before'
Republican Senator Jeff Flake on Twitter: .@realDonaldTrump saying that he might not accept election results is beyond the pale
Clinton Campaign might need to address this new wikileak
New Rasmussen National Poll, Clinton 45, Trump 38. 7 point gain.
The FBI had Huma Abedin's laptop for five weeks and they waited until today to drop a vague letter. But it's not a "political move?"
Study: Bots accounted for a third of all pro-Trump Twitter activity during the debate
FiveThirtyEight on Twitter: "Our latest polls-only forecast gives Clinton an 87% chance to win the presidency"
The GOP De-evolution
Arnold Schwarzenegger on Twitter: I will not vote for the Republican candidate for President.
Well millennials now have insight into the anatomy of a Clinton "scandal"
GOP congressman on Clinton: 'A lady needs to be told when she's being nasty'
Mark Cuban on Twitter: Cant wait to give a big hug to my bestie @realDonaldTrump at the debate tomorrow night. I know you miss me!
Outraged by Trump's horrific comments about women? Donate Here....NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!
Bill Clinton on Twitter: "41 years ago I married my best friend and the finest changemaker Ive ever known. And yes, Im still in awe of her!"
Republicans Urge Replacing Man Who Hates Women with Man Who Hates Women and Gays - The New Yorker
Jennifer Bendery (HuffPost) on Twitter: Spotify says its streams of Janet Jackson's "Nasty" have gone up 250% since last night #debate
Ana Navarro on Twitter: Not being funny. Just woke-up. Can't keep track of # of accusers against Donald Cosby. Oops! I mean Donald Ailes. Oops! I mean Donald Trump.
Trump Gave 10 Times The Legal Limit To Florida Attorney General Via Front Companies
Crowd chants 'you won' during Al Gore speech at Clinton rally in Florida
Can we just take a moment to acknowledge that if we take the House, Senate and Presidency, DJT will fullfilled his promise to Make America Great Again
Trump threatens to sue over Clinton campaign ads showing Trump speaking
Former Miss Arizona: Trump just came strolling right in on naked contestants
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: Thankful for @TammyforIL'sand her family'sservice to this country. It's really not that hard to grasp, @MarkKirk.
10 Days
CBS/YouGov Battleground States Poll: 71% say Comey email statement does not affect their vote at all, 6% say it makes them more likely to vote for Hillary.
Conservative Laura Ingraham on Twitter: He should have said he would accept the results of the election. There is no other option unless we're in a recount again.
Sen. Jeff Flake (R-AZ) on Twitter: "States, backed by tens of thousands of GOP and DEM volunteers, ensure integrity of electoral process. Elections are not rigged."
Carved some Hillary pumpkins!
Arizona is BLUE in the 538 Nowcast, and Iowa is BLUE in the 538 Polls-only AND Nowcast!
Bill Weld on Comey letter: "If you don't know, keep your mouth shut. I think it's disgraceful."
Giuliani Says Trump Better for US 'Than a Woman'
Don't Let Electoral Votes Fool You - the Sexual Predator Has the Support of 43% of Americans. Get out and Vote!
Republican Jesus
Hillary Clintons campaign is making its long-rumored move into Arizona, projecting confidence as it hopes to steal a red state with a win that the Clinton campaign says would effectively end Donald Trump's chances of becoming president.
Jesse Lehrich (Hillary for America) on Twitter: hey, @realDonaldTrump  regarding your claim that Captain Khan would be alive if you were president: go fuck yourself. #debate
The Columbus Dispatch endorses Hillary Clinton for President. Last Democratic nominee they endorsed was Woodrow Wilson.
Clinton campaign chief to Florida: Extend voter registration because of storm
Trump just told everyone to go vote on November 28
Elizabeth Warren on Twitter: ".@HillaryClinton doesnt whimper, whine, or run to twitter at 3am. She keeps fighting for those who need her. Thats why #ImWithHer. #debate"
Omaha (NE) World-Herald breaks 80 year tradition, endorses Hillary Clinton for President.
Will McAvoy: "If Hillary Clinton is a criminal, as you allege, she is Danny Ocean meets Keyser Soze. The greatest criminal mastermind of all-time. Hundreds of millions of dollars spent on countless investigations over thirty years, and not a single piece of hard evidence against her."
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "Hurricane #Matthew is a major storm. I urge everyone to follow emergency instructions and evacuate if you're told to. Stay safe Florida. -H"
Kurt Eichenwald on Twitter: Every current/former Dept. of Justice official I speak 2, GOP or Dem, says Comey must resign/be fired 4 election interference. All outraged.
Kyle Griffin on Twitter: "The emails were not to or from Clinton"  U.S. law enforcement official tells @latimes
Tad Devine on Twitter: "@donnabrazile reached out to me and the Bernie camp consistently during the primaries. She was fair and square with us."
Republican (and Trump supporter) Ari Fleischer on Twitter: Winning candidates don't threaten to put opponents in jail. Presidents don't threaten prosecution of individuals. Trump is wrong on this.
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "I'm happy to compare my 30 years of experience with your 30 years." Hillary to Trump #DebateNight
NEW NBC/WSJ National Poll conducted post Trump Tape has Clinton leading by 11pts
If Donald Trump is elected president and Republicans hold onto Congress, House Speaker Paul Ryan is bluntly promising to ram a partisan agenda through Capitol Hill next year, with Obamacare repeal and trillion-dollar tax cuts likely at the top of the list.
Joss Whedon: "She has endured 30 years of an unending smear campaign ... The GOP has been trying to sway public opinion against Hillary since before a lot of voters were born"
Donald Trump to Howard Stern: It's okay to call my daughter a 'piece of ass'
Hillary for North Carolina on Twitter: Polls are officially open. #NCVotesEarly
Bern-out officially now a Hillary fan
The Associated Press on Twitter: "BREAKING: Investigators: 3 fellow Syrians recognized Germany bomb plot suspect from wanted poster, turned him in to police." - Pay attention, Sniffles!
Nate Silver on Twitter: At the rate we're going Trump's going to come out for the 3rd debate in a Hannibal Lecter cage.
Bill Kristol on Twitter: "The comments by Ryan, Rubio, Walker, Cruz and so many others, even if sincere, are meaningless posturing if they still endorse him."
Guess who else uses private email?
Paul Krugman on Twitter: So, a typical Clinton "scandal": no evidence of wrongdoing, relentless hyping by Rs, institutions -- some press, maybe FBI -- being used
Harry Enten: Why do folks continue to argue that most polls in Brexit showed remain winning? During June, Leave led in 17 polls, Remain in 14, 3 ties. What happened is a lot of folks chose to ignore those polls. That's the real lesson of Brexit. Same with primary. Don't ignore the polls.
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "On the basic economic issues  trade, minimum wage, climate change, pay equity  Gary Johnson's positions are disastrous."
Fox News Poll: Clinton Leads Trump By 7 Points
Poll: Trump falls into tie with Clinton among Utah voters
Jon Favreau on Twitter: "I just voted for @HillaryClinton. Feels pretty damn good."
13 Days
Just voted in Texas!
ABC News on Twitter: 56% of Clintons backers in new @ABC tracking poll say theyre voting to support her, not oppose Trump, a new high
Sean Hannity was going to interview Trump today. But Trump just CANCELLED
"Reid says he's talked w/ top NatSec officials who say that Comey possesses explosive information about Trumps ties to Russia" -Sam Stein
This new email malarky just proves the false equivalence Hillary has faced not only during this election but throughout her public life...
Mark Hamill on Twitter: "Normally I don't go political on this page either, so I'll thank you not to use it to insult my father. #DadVader #DonTheCon #ImWithHer2016"
Republicans for Hillary are buying up electronic billboards on the strip for the debate...
Texas poll: Clinton within 4 points of Trump, 4743%.
9 Days
I just voted for the first time! I am proud to vote for Hillary Clinton for President and Tammy Duckworth for US Senate!
Washington Post endorses Hillary Clinton for President
Al Gore to campaign for Clinton, hoping to galvanize young voters on climate change
A thousand words.
Neil King (WSJ) on Twitter: The RNC calls September's 156K in new jobs "disappointing." It is nearly eight times the average 20K under George W. Bush.
John Amato on Twitter: Money quote from Comey: "Of course, we dont ordinarily tell Congress about ongoing investigations" Just admitted what he did was political!
New The Atlantic Poll: +11 Lead for Clinton
How large is the Secret Hillary Club? Red-state women may be defying their Trump-loving husbands.
Chelsea Clinton on Twitter: "Happy Birthday Mom! I hope that one day Charlotte & Aidan are as proud to be my children as I am to be your daughter"
These Women Were Born Before The 19th Amendment And Now Are Voting For Hillary Clinton
There's a new silent majority, and it's voting for Hillary Clinton
John Stoehr: "Lots of bad headlines re Comey letter. Reason? Instead of leading with letter, reporters led with Republicans view of the letter."
NBC's @PeteWilliamsNBC: FBI has not reviewed new emails. No way can review before vote. We don't know what's in emails. Not from Clinton.
First in line at 6 in the morning, standing in the rain all day, and it was so worth it.
George Takei on Twitter: Trump properties are scrambling to get his name off of buildings. GOP leaders sure wish they could do the same with ballots.
Make-up artist who sued Donald Trump in 1997 harassment case says p---y grabbing is exactly what he did to me
Obama's approval rating hits new high (55%)
No, Donald Trump, abortions do not happen at 9 months pregnant
What Mike Pence thinks vs. What Donald Trump says
Nate Silver (538) on Twitter: "Doubling down on a loyal 35% of the electorate is an uncannily brilliant strategy in a 17-way primary but not looking so hot in the general."
Michael Reagan (Pres.of The Reagan Legacy Foundation) on Twitter: "My father would not support this kind of campaign,if this is what the Republican Party wants leave us Reagans out.Nancy would vote for HRC"
Hillary Clinton on Twitter "Trump loves conspiracy theories almost as much as his hat. But why choose? Make your own tin foil #MAGA hat"
Michelle Obama denounces Trump for 'bragging about sexually assaulting women'
J.K. Rowling on Twitter: "When a man this ignorant & easy to manipulate gets within sniffing distance of the nuclear codes, it's everyone's business. #RestOfTheWorld"
When they come at us with outdated memes
People who arent voting for Hillary Clinton cant call themselves liberal
Matt Hodges on Twitter: "Donald Trump bankrupted a casino. It shouldn't shock you that he doesn't know what 'rigged' means."
NBC News/WSJ Poll: Clinton now holds 11-point national lead over Trump
Associated Press on Twitter: BREAKING: Prosecutors say they will charge Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio with criminal contempt of court over immigration patrols.
Just saw Hillary in person. Madam President is made of steel.
Larry Wilmore on Twitter: "To catch you up, Trump basically kissed the Republican party, grabbed it by the pussy, and they are just now realizing what happened."
I've always wondered what that looked like
GOP have already declared Mike Pence the winner of tonight's debate. Oops. 
Overflow line for HRC and Michelle here in NC. What was that about an "enthusiasm gap"??
Donald J. Trump on Twitter: Polls close, but can you believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED. Media rigging election!
Steve Weinstein on Twitter: "Clinton afterward went to greet the questioners. The American people. Trump goes to his own clan. Tells you a lot."
Alex Seitz-Wald (NBC) on Twitter: Just in: Ecuador says they cut off Assange's internet because they don't want to interfere in the U.S. election
REMINDER: Trump camp spent weeks saying we should unequivocally believe sexual assault accusers without question
Screw it. Have another 25$ Hillary. #EmailsDontScareMe
Trump Is OK With Calling Ivanka a Piece of Ass and Other Horrible Things He Told Howard Stern
Trump tells CNN he still considers Central Park 5 guilty: "They admitted they were guilty. police in original investigation say they were"
Michigan Republicans Cancel Election Night Party
FiveThirtyEight on Twitter: There's a 25% chance of a Clinton landslide:
Tom Nichols on Twitter: "She looks like a President, and he looks like the kind of guy the Secret Service keeps away from Presidents. #debatenight"
Sanders Says Clinton Comments in Leaked Audio 'Absolutely Correct'
Hillary Clinton catching up to Donald Trump in Indiana; Democrat set to win Mike Pence's old job
Matthew Yglesias (Vox) On Twitter: "No Coincidence Here: The Emails Weren't "Leaked" They Were Hacked And Released Specifically To Benefit Trump."
As An OB/GYN, I Can Tell You There's No Such Thing As Ninth Month Abortions
Judge extends Florida voter registration deadline until October 18
Voter registration deadlines tomorrow in FL, GA, IN, KY, LA, MI, NM, OH, PA, SC, TN, TX. Get your friends & family registered + Share this on social media.
Jesse Tyler Ferguson on Twitter "My takeaway of the #VPDebate: Pence is asking Americans to get behind a candidate who's words he himself can not defend."
CNN: US should be prepared for Russian election hack
Clinton: We cannot put 'climate denier' in White House
Afternoon Roundtable - 10/10
Nate Silver on Twitter: People are *reaallllly* pushing the "it's tightening!" narrative and cherry-picking a lot to do it.
Stephen Colbert on Twitter: "Trump mocked a porn star who accused him of assault. Odd he's so judgmental, given that he built his brand by screwing people."
Conservative Republican Erick Erickson on Twitter: 15 days, 13 hrs before the election & Trump supporters are already blaming everyone but their crappy, undisciplined candidate for his loss.
Sniffles on Twitter (2012): "China is cooking up conspiracy theories that the Olympics are rigged. They don't understand why they can't cheat."
Muslim boy, 7, beaten by classmates because of Trump: father
I'm done with Trump.
Republican Gov. Whitman: Why Clinton is the only choice for president | Opinion
Despite 2001 Promise, Donald Trump Made No 9/11 Donations in Year After Attack, Audit Finds
And now you see the second half of the Kaine strategy playing out
Gave money to Bernie, Giving Money to Hillary, and just Voted for her too!
Senator Barbara Boxer (D - Calif.) on Twitter: "Message to Hillary: We will stand with you against this last-minute intrusion in the presidential race."
Clinton Readies Post-Election $275Bil infrastructure plan that would be paid for by corporate tax-law changes
"We were in the boardroom ... and he just stopped in the middle and pointed to someone and said, 'You'd f... her, wouldn't you? I'd f... her. C'mon, wouldn't you?'"
NEW Monmouth Univ NATIONAL Poll of LV's: Clinton leads by 12 points!
Conservative Ben Howe on Twitter: Theres been more dirt dug up on Ken Bone during the last few days than was dug up on Trump during the entire primary season. #priorities
This Wasn't a Debate.This Was a National Gaslighting. | Mike Pence won because he was shameless about denying reality.
Republican consultant Mike Murphy: Trump is now attacking our Democracy. Any Elected R who doesn't condemn this anti-American thug will carry a moral stain forever. #cowards
Mother of Pulse Nightclub Victim Asks Americans to Vote for Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton on 'Ellen': Don't think this election is over
Barack Obama: America will take the giant leap to Mars
Trump won the nomination because he was the only candidate who told the racists in the GOP it was ok to be racist. Bottom line.
ATTENTION: Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, New Mexico, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas, & Washington - You must register NOW!!!
Kurt Eichenwald on Twitter: "Let's talk about deplorables: They went after my CHILDREN on social media. Because I wrote some stories about their God. Sick, twisted people."
REMINDER: Early vote starts today, Nevada! We're stronger together when we vote early. Find the polling location closest to you  IWillVote.com
Hillary +10 nationally (Fairleigh Dickinson)
With 1 month to go: Every Battleground is BLUE on 538. Our hard work is paying off
ABC News tracking poll: Hillary Clinton 50%, Trump 38%, Johnson 5%, Stein 2%
George Takei on Twitter: When the media gave him millions in free air time, Trump loved them. Now when they do their job and ask questions, it's a global conspiracy.
Tom Hanks on why he is voting for Hillary Clinton.
Mike Pence says Clinton-Kaine is an "insult-driven" campaign as Trump tweets insults
I Waited 96 Years! Women Voting for Hillary Clinton
John Mulaney on Twitter: For the record, the other people Donald Trump wants in jail are five, wrongfully convicted, men who were railroaded as teens.
Bill Maher on Twitter: "CBS News leads with yet another email story, not Trump's subverting democracy itself. Like my dog, media has no clue about the size of things."
Debate attendee who glared at Trump: "I'm going to vote for Hillary"
Dems sue GOP over Trump's 'rigged' complaints
Salma Hayek: I Denied Trump A Date So He Planted A National Enquirer Story About My Height
McCain Literally Flees Reporter Asking About His Controversial Remarks
"Consent"
Came home to my sign like this and instantly donated $15 to Hillary's campaign in that person's honor. Now you match me! I'm fired up!
45
"Wait, he lost the Breitbart poll?" "Lol, I know, right!"
WMUR poll: Clinton widens lead to 15 percentage points over Trump in Granite State
Obama claims refugees are screened more than tourists
The Last Thing My Mother Did Before She Died Was Vote for Hillary Clinton
John Podesta: "I bet the lobster risotto is better than the food at the Ecuadorian Embassy."
PolitiFact: Trump claims Podesta rigged polls. We rate this claim as PANTS ON FIRE!
Poll: Young Voters Now Coming Through for Hillary Clinton
Reuters Top News on Twitter: BREAKING: Some 63 percent of U.S. voters, including a third of Republicans, believe Trump committed sexual assault in past
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: Trump has been called a race-baiting, xenophobic, religious bigot. Thats not me talking. Thats Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham.
Trump on sex assault allegations: 'I am a victim'
Carly Fiorina calls on Donald Trump to drop out.
Hatch Act Complaints Filed Against FBI Director Comey at the Office of Special Counsel, Which Investigates Hatch Act Violations, and With the Office of Government Ethics.
David A. Graham on Twitter: Anthony Weiner's continued existence seems like proof that the Clintons don't actually go around killing people who pose a risk to them
Senator Tim Kaine on Twitter: "The Clinton Foundation has an A+ rating from Charity Watch. Yesterday the Trump Foundation was ordered to stop fundraising in NY. #VPDebate"
Trump Foundation ordered to stop fundraising by N.Y. attorney generals office
Libertarian VP Candidate Admits Defeat, Tells Voters To Pick Clinton Over Trump
Astonishing: NBC's Bob Wildrem reports intel community furious with Trump for "willful misrepresentation" of his briefing on Russian hacking
Glen McGregor on Twitter: "CNN says Pence is considering quitting. Holy F***"
Donald Trump is refusing to pay his campaign pollster nearly three-quarters of a million dollars
CNBC national poll: Clinton 46, Trump 37
Good Morning Nasty Women and Bad Hombres! Clinton is now leading in the alt-rights last two favorite polls, USC/Dorn and IBD! No sand left to stick your head in!
CNN/ORC Poll: Who won the debate? Clinton 52%, Trump 39%
Jeremy Diamond (CNN) on Twitter: Former Bush campaign manager Sally Bradshaw to @GloriaBorger: "He's a pig. Im voting for Hillary."
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: A person who implies that veterans suffering from PTS are not "strong" is unfit to be Commander-in-Chief. Period.
LeBron James, the most influential person in the major swing state of Ohio, endorses Hillary Clinton
Reuters Politics on Twitter: "JUST IN: 50 of 54 economists said Clinton's platform likely to generate best U.S. economic outcome in long-term - Reuters poll"
New Poll out of Alaska: Trump 37, Clinton 34. +6 jump for Clinton since last poll in June.
"Nasty Woman and the Bad Hombres" Poster (updated to include Joe Biden, as requested)
(((Harry Enten))) (538) On Twitter: "At This Moment Every Single National Poll Would Have To Be Wrong For Trump To Win. Possible? Sure. Would I Bet On It? No, I'm Not An Idiot."
Just voted in Texas!! #ImWithHer -
Matthew Chapman on Twitter: 'Okay. This WSJ article is a case study of how the media manufactures "Clinton scandals" out of literally nothing.'
Friends of the Earth Action, a former Bernie Sanders environmental Super PAC: "Vote for Clinton, not Stein"
House Speaker Paul Ryan on Twitter (literally 2 hours ago): Victims of sexual assault deserve full protection under the law. And now, they will have it.
"You want to give me a good send off? Go vote!" President Obama
Thank you ladies
We are Mormons for Hillary - Hillary Clinton
"Clinton becomes first major-party presidential candidate to write an op-ed for an LGBT newspaper in @phillygaynews"
Clinton up 43-39 in Florida in new poll
Trump goes full Breitbart: "Hillary Clinton meets in secret with international banks to plot the destruction of U.S. sovereignty"
474 Days since Donald Trump announced his candidacy for President. STILL NO TAX RET....oh wait.
Megyn Kelly explains why Donald Trump can't discredit new female sex-assault accusers
It is now more likely for Clinton to win Texas than it is for Trump to win the presidency.
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: ""You want to give me a good send-off? Go vote!" @POTUS: IWillVote.com
Miami Herald endorses Patrick Murphy for the Senate over Marco Rubio
Nate Silver on Twitter: So... first two post-(second) debate state polls show Trump down 9 in Ohio and only tied with Clinton in Utah.
Kurt Eichenwald on Twitter: "Russian govnt, your screw-up with my piece proves you're engaged in cyberwar to upend US election. America will fight back."
Kurt Eichenwald on Twitter: "Coming later today: My latest piece in @Newsweek disclosing more secrets of Donald Trump."
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: There are a lot of bullies in this world. The last thing we need is one in the White House.
The New York Times: Why Hillary Wins
Today both CBS's Major Garrett & CNN's Jim Acosta pointed out there's more evidence that Trump committed sexual assault than there is of voter fraud
"Donald can be baited by a tweet" - Hillary, 7/28/16  "Donald can be egged on by Billy Bush" - Melania Trump, 10/17/16
Emily Guskin on Twitter: The Trump Foundations largest-ever gift was used to renovate a fountain outside Trumps Plaza Hotel.
70 Nobel Prize winners endorse Clinton for president
70% Chance that Republicans Lose Senate Majority
Obama Slams Trump: You start whining before the games even over? If, whenever things are going bad for you and you lose, you start blaming somebody else? You dont have what it takes to do this job.
PublicPolicyPolling on Twitter: One fact from our FL poll that helps explain why it will be so hard for Trump to come back: his favorability with undecideds is literally 0
It's ok for Trump to assault women, but we fear for our daughters if LGBT walk into the bathroom?
Why the two historically unpopular candidates meme is a sham  one that boosts Donald Trump
This Republican is happy to have a part in turning Georgia blue!
Exclusive: Clinton eyes Biden for secretary of state
Republican Strategist Ana Navarro on Twitter: Disgusting. This is why I oppose Trump with every fiber in my being. He is the worst of America. He has brought out the worst in America.
Clinton on email investigation: "We don't know the facts which is why we're calling on the FBI to release" all info.
Hillary at 86% in the 538 forecast. Keep that early voting going strong!
BBC Breaking News: Russia Today bank accounts frozen in UK
Clinton expands lead over Trump to 15 points in Virginia, 44-29, after Access Hollywood tape release and 2nd debate
Hillary Clinton Responds, With Fervor, to Girls Question on Body Image: A 15-year-old girl: "I see with my own eyes the damage Donald Trump does when he talks about women"
NEW Monmouth Univ COLORADO Poll of LV's: Clinton has 11 point lead.
Wil Wheaton on Twitter: "This is important. We have to get out the vote so we defeat Trump in a landslide, and repudiate everything he stands for."
Evan McMullin on Twitter: "GOP Leaders are standing with Trump as he attacks the legitimacy of our elections, & they can't avoid accountability for this."
New Poll Shows Trump-Clinton Tied In Alaska - The Midnight Sun
The Democratic challenger to Darrell Issa is leading!
Voted early for Hillary Clinton and Russ Feingold in Wisconsin. Just a reminder to everyone in WI that we have early voting.
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "It's time for Trump to answer serious questions about his ties to Russia."
John Kasich follows through on vow not to vote for Donald Trump, writes in John McCain instead
Jill Stein Privately Invests in Global Deforestation and the Corporations She Publicly Attacks
Welp, Donald Trump and Paul Ryan look like idiots AGAIN. Thanks, Comey!
Hillary Clinton on Twitter "This #SpiritDay, let's take a stand for LGBT youth and send a clear message to all our kids: In the end, bullies always lose. -H"
Rick Wilson (GOP Strategist) On Twitter: "If You Think This Is Anywhere Near The Most Morally Repugnant Thing About Trump To Come Out Before The Election, You're Going To Be Shocked."
The Washington Post: Donald Trump has run the worst campaign in modern history
Voted for Hillary with my daughter at my side
Poll: Clinton beating Trump by 5 in Arizona
How has this not been a thing? DON'T GRAB ON ME
Stephen Colbert to Newt Gingrich: Grabbing a Woman is Not Sex, Its Assault
Trump: I'll run America like my business. Clinton: Let's not
Gen. Colin Powell has announced to @LongIslandAssoc that he will be supporting @HillaryClinton for POTUS
I don't know about you guys, but Trump has really pissed me off this week. I am going to be making more donations to Hillary and setting aside extra time to volunteer. Who is with me?
Nate Silver on Twitter: Mostly good state polls for Clinton today -- she's now at 70% for the first time since Sept. 11.
Reminder: Hillary Clinton is extraordinarily popular  if you dont count white people
Clinton's Former Prosecutor Endorses Her for President
Trump Faces Another Accusation -- This Time, He Looked Up Models' Skirts
First Lady Michelle Obama live in Manchester, New Hampshire | Hillary Clinton
Tomorrow's NY Daily News Front Page: '[Trump
538 politics on Twitter: Trump needed a home run, and he either struck out, hit a single or vomited on home plate (depending on your POV)
Arizona is now blue in 538's polls-only, as Hillary rockets to an 86.5% chance (>90% in now-cast!!)
Clinton Ally Offers To Pay Legal Fees For "Apprentice" Leakers
Women will be the reason
25.5% of active voters on the rolls have already turned out to vote in Florida
Utah Congressman Jason Chaffetz withdraws his endorsement of Donald Trump
Iskioff: Update: FBI still does not have warrant to read Abedin emails; Comey wrote letter having "no idea" what was in them
Earlier today, Neil deGrasse Tyson posted a hypothetical question regarding aliens meeting the Presidential candidates, and J.K. Rowling had a brilliant answer:
Oliver Darcy: "Source tells me "disgusted" RNC staffers are openly "defying orders" to keep working for Trump"
Josh Jordan (Forbes) on Twitter: YouGov Georgia poll: Clinton 47 Trump 44 Wow.
"Hey"
My Halloween costume this year is going to be eeuge.
Nebraska's first lady breaks with husband to back Clinton
Emily Cahn (Mic) on Twitter: This Michelle Obama speech is going to be remembered for years
Jake Sherman on Twitter: BREAKING-- @SpeakerRyan tells house republicans he won't defend trump and will focus the next 29 days on keeping the house majority.
Will Jordan (YouGov) on Twitter: Paul Ryan favorability rating among REPUBLICANS Last week: +23 This week: -5
Wisconsin State Journal Editorial Board: OUR ENDORSEMENT: Hillary Clinton. America must get this right.
Destruction of Walk Of Fame star leaves Donald Trump down to his last six Horcruxes (a little levity for y'all)
Ana Marie Cox on Twitter: Trump just said "I want veto power"--over the *media.*
Barbara Bush, the daughter of former President George W. Bush, attended a Hillary Clinton fundraiser in Paris last night, per a source
Hillary for America on Twitter "The only thing scarier than a Trump presidency is knowing you could have prevented it and didn't. Go vote" AHHH
To potential third party voters: If you want Bernie's legislation to actually get signed into law, you need to vote for Hillary Clinton
Donald's joke last night about plagiarism was actually plargarized
NEW ABC Poll: Clinton Whomps in Debate Reactions(53-18); Trump's Unfavorability Edges Up
BREAKING: FBI hasn't seen the emails or got a warrant yet -Comey is guessing about their contents
Buoyed by rising polls, Clinton shifts to a new target: the House and Senate
To those of you worried about Trump's brownshirts trying to intimidate voters: Hillary has your back
Donald Trump Is Apparently Suing the *New York Times*, Which Will Go Horribly For Him
Nicholas Kristof (NY Times) on Twitter: "We're posting my Sunday column early: It recounts how Trump forced himself on a young woman--in Ivanka's bedroom"
Ben White (Politico) on Twitter: Trump campaign logic: All accusers of former president not currently running MUST be believed. All accusers of Donald Trump are liars
Poll: Clinton retakes 11-point lead over Trump in Michigan
THE ONION: Nations Women Fantasize About Some Future Election That Isnt Absolutely Pivotal To Their Well-Being
WikiLeaks just punkd the internet by turning its rumored Clinton reveal into an anniversary event
Michael Ian Black on Twitter "If your excuse for not voting for @HillaryClinton is that you just "don't like her," you need to get it together. "
Jesse Hawken (Torontoist) on Twitter: Trump's only hope in this election is that many Americans have used up their 10 free Washington Post articles for October already
Clinton Holds 41-Point Lead Over Trump Among Asian-American Voters: Survey
Trump Used Foundation Funds for 2016 Run, Filings Suggest
11 Days
Trump slams Michelle Obama: 'All she wants to do is campaign'
Elise Viebeck on Twitter: CNN and NBC have security guards protecting their reporters at Trump rallies
12 Days.
Sam Stein (HuffPost) on Twitter: CBS releasing a battleground poll from Texas on Sunday. so, yes, Texas is a battleground. And we will have a clearer sense of how close
Clinton mocks Trump for saying Emmys are rigged
NBC News/WSJ Poll: Philadelphia Suburbs Clinton 64%, Trump 28%
U.S. economy grew at annual pace of 2.9 percent in the third quarter, highest pace in 2 years!
Trump refuses to say he'll accept election results
America, Your Election Is Not Rigged, by Gary Kasparov -- "If Donald Trump wants to know what a fake democracy is, he should visit his friend Vladimir Putin in Russia."
Dante Atkins on Twitter: "Just one more thing about the Serbia apology: That LITERALLY aligns Trump with Russia against NATO."
UT/TT Poll: In Texas, Trump holding narrow lead over Clinton 45 to 42
Bernie Sanders Says to Get Over the DNC Emails: If My Emails Leaked, Thered Be Mean Things About Hillary
CNN's President Says It Was A Mistake To Air So Many Trump Rallies And "Let Them Run"
I converted two Republicans earlier this week
Moustafa Bayoumi on Twitter: "I'm a Muslim, and I would like to report a crazy man threatening a woman on a stage in Missouri. #debate"
Someone Was Actually Arrested For In-Person Voter Fraud. She's A Trump Supporter.
Two very different paths on taxes: Clinton vs. Trump. Hillary's plan would reduce national debt by more than $1 trillion. Trump's plan would increase national debt by more than $12 trillion.
Paid CNN staffer, Corey Lewandowski, seen getting off Trump's plane with hood pulled over his face.
Shushannah Walshe(ABC News) on Twitter: Bernie Sanders on Hillary Clinton fundraiser audio released yday: "What she was saying is absolutely correct." @ThisWeekABC #ThisWeek
Federal judge extends Florida's voter registration deadline until Oct. 18
NEW Clinton camp webtool to compare Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump year on year to answer his "What have you done in 30 yrs?" claim.
Dave Weigel on Twitter: "Sen. Roy Blunt tells me he'll still vote for Trump, and it's 'unrealistic' to ask that he quit the race to be replaced." -- Missouri voters, please vote this guy out of office! Vote for Jason Kander!
Its indefensible: Jake Tapper scolds Giuliani for unhinged hypocrisy on Clintons marriage
Hillary Clinton Is Now Tied With Trump Indiana.
#imwithher! I just voted...and may have convinced another person to vote for Hillary!
Woman accuses Donald Trump of groping her at 1998 tennis tournament
Holy crap, North Carolina Republican voting is down by HALF compared to 2012
New video of Trump in 2013 proudly admitting that he does "have a relationship" with Russian president Vladimir Putin.
Donald Trump Attacks Democracy Itself
The AP lede that will be on most frontpages tomorrow: "Threatening to upend a basic pillar of American democracy, Donald Trump refused Wednesday night to say he would accept the results of the November election"
Republican Strategist Cheri Jacobus on Twitter: Billy Bush should do debate prep with a Trump since it appears he's the only one who has influence with him #BillyBushMadeTrumpDoIt
Hillary is a popular figure in Australia and this video is one of the main reasons for her popularity. Hillary showing her funnier side.
Kirsten Powers: "Dear Twitter people who keep saying 'all men' talk about sexually assaulting women in private: you need to get new friends."
I Just Donated $15 in Response to Comey's Transparent Attempt to Swing the Election. MATCH ME.
White And Nonwhite LGBT People Agree: They Like Clinton And Dont Like Trump
That didn't go the way he wanted it to.
Elizabeth Warren: "Get this Donald: nasty women are tough, nasty women are smart, and nasty women vote!"
Hell Freezes Over? Glenn Beck Says Clinton Is A 'Moral, Ethical Choice
Hillary Clinton on Twitter "Even Mike Pence couldnt defend the terrible things Trumps said and doneso instead, he lied about them."
Brian Fallon on Twitter: Statement from @johnpodesta in response to Comey letter to GOP chairmen
Erick Erickson (Fox News) on Twitter: Washington Post has Clinton up 4 in Georgia. Internal GOP polling has her up 5 in Georgia.
Bernie Sanders and Chelsea Clinton to campaign in Arizona for Hillary Clinton
Post-debate, Clinton takes the lead (CNN)
Steven Ginsberg highlights from latest Farenthold investigation into the Trump Foundation: Trump crashed a charity event for kids with AIDS, sat on stage, danced the Macarena, left without giving a dime.
The Yale Record Does Not Endorse Hillary Clinton
The Ever-Growing List of Hillary Clinton Endorsements
Harry Enten on Twitter: Currently Trump is polling at 39% nationally. Carter (1980) and Mondale both managed to get 41%. Goldwater and McGovern both got 38%.
Clinton leads with men for the first time in new national poll
Trump's pledge to jail Clinton - which Pence just defended today - was literally one of the articles of impeachment against Richard Nixon:
I'd give my husband #Trump's message about #PTSD but he died by suicide 3yrs ago & I have to drive 5hrs to his grave
Hillary Clinton says she is open to making first lady Michelle Obama a member of her Cabinet should she become president.
Kurt Eichenwald (Newsweek) on Twitter: In my FBI story, I name every email account involved, every device, every person. Clinton not implicated in anything.
October solved Hillary Clinton's millennial problem
Joss Whedon on Twitter: You know, I think people are just pissed they're rebooting the Clinton administration with a female lead
Republican Strategist Ana Navarro on Twitter: Latino Twitter abuzz. #ThatMexicanThing now a hashtag Mexican-Americans using to share stories on American dream/work ethic/sacrifices made.
CNN Panel Laughs When Trump Backer Says No Evidence To Call Him Racist (VIDEO)
Megyn Kelly Slams Trump for Only Sitting Down With Hannity and Avoiding Unsafe Spaces
Clinton Says Her White Grandchildren Are Spared the Fearful Experiences Many Black Children Face: "Every child deserves the same sense of security. Every child deserves the same hope."
Nate Silver on Twitter: "People got tired of Sarah Palin -- in certain ways the best precedent for Trump -- pretty quick after she lost an election bigly."
Houston Chronicle on Twitter: "We found it civically vital to reprint our recommendation for @HillaryClinton in 4 languages widely spoken here"
Juanita Broaddrick says Breitbart paid for her travel to the debate.
Kurt Eichenwald (Newsweek) on Twitter: Deplorables: U can attack me, u can libel me, u can threaten me. I will not be intimidated. So waste ur time. Next Trump story coming soon.
First time voter, ready to turn Arizona blue for Secretary Clinton. #AzVictory
Donald Trump Finally Wins a Newspaper Endorsement  From the KKK
Reuters Top News on Twitter: BREAKING: Clinton leads Trump by seven points, at 44 percent to 37 percent, in latest Reuters/Ipsos poll.
Favorability ratings (CNN/ORC debate watchers - post-debate): CLINTON 55% Favorable, 44% Unfavorable; TRUMP 34% Favorable, 64% Unfavorable
If You Need to Use the Restrooms at Bill's Florida Event Today...
Former Republican Party Chairman Michael Steele Says He Wont Vote For Trump
Rick Wilson on Twitter: I have just seen evidence of the utter collapse of the GOP nominee in a red state. It will make News. Soon.
Buzzfeed: We just posted thousands of pages of Trump bankruptcy filings  the most complete snapshot of his finances so far
President Obama on Twitter: "Thank you to every nation that moved to bring the Paris Agreement into force. History will judge today as a turning point for our planet."
Des Moines Register's endorsement: Clinton a vote for American values
Trumps organization did business with Iranian bank later linked to terrorism
"Comey made the decision not to declare that Russia was meddling in US election on OCTOBER 7. on OCTOBER 28, he sent Clinton letter" - Sam Stein
Trump's Tax Records Show He May Have Understated His Salary by Millions to the IRS
Heads up: The Trump Campaign is trying to suppress black turnout through negative advertising
She survived the holocaust  and years later, shes getting her citizenship so she can vote for Hillary Clinton.
Obama: Don't let GOP be counterweight to Clinton
Poll: Women propel Hillary Clinton into battleground lead over Donald Trump
Daily Kos: Russian Hackers Accidentally Post Different Versions of Stolen Docs.
We knew this about Trump already. Elected Republicans are fleeing due to political embarrassment, not moral outrage.
NEW Suffolk University/USA Today NATIONAL Poll Shows Clinton LEADING Trump by +9 points
Looking good Philly.
Jake Tapper on Twitter: WaPo reporting that Clinton camp is putting $1M into Indiana and Missouri
How one Congressman punked the media on the FBI letter about Clintons emails
Just received my absentee ballot and casting my vote for Hillary from Spain!
NEW Quinnipiac polls: Georgia: Trump +1 | Iowa: Tie | North Carolina: Clinton +4 | Virginia: Clinton +12
Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio officially charged with criminal contempt
JSTR  CTUAL On Twitter: "Riddle Me This. Why Is RUSSIA TODAY Releasing WIKILEAKS Dumps 20 Minutes BEFORE WIKILEAKS If They Are Not In Bed Together?? >>"
Hillary Clinton tells supporters the race isn't over, despite Trump trouble
Nate Silver on Twitter: Trump was down 5-6 points before the weekend. That doesn't account for pu**y tape. Polls show he lost the debate.
Rasmussen Report: Hillary Clinton has now jumped out to a seven-point lead  45% to 38%
Trump caught on tape making crude, demeaning comments about women: "I wont defend that! texted one prominent Republican woman who has endorsed Trump. I am so sad.
Brianna Keilar on Twitter: Access Hollywood approaches Mark Cuban for an interview. He replies, "on a bus?" laughs, and then "let me get my tic tacs, hold on"
Adam Khan on Twitter: "wooops Mike Pence forgot to delete this tweet where he says he is voting for Ted Cruz"
Clinton leads in Florida, Trump narrowly leads in Texas - CBS Battleground Tracker
Guardian reader on the third debate: "It's a bit like being offered the choice between a piece of chocolate cake and putting your face into a circular saw."
When people tell you DJT does not represent the GOP, remind them he got more votes than any other GOP candidate in history.
As Bernie Sanders heads to IA to campaign today, he writes an oped in the Quad-City Times: "On November 8, the choice is clear. Hillary Clinton for president."
Aww how cute
Matt Hodges on Twitter: "I wish I could make fun of this but it's actually horrifying."
AFL-CIO Begins Final Push for Clinton: "a door-to-door blitz aimed at getting union members in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Florida, and Nevada to the polls to vote for the Democratic nominee"
CLINTON seen as more: Prepared, Knowledgeable, Positive, Presidential. TRUMP more: Negative, Evasive. (YouGov)
Luke Brinker on Twitter: Aaaand RealClearPolitics has officially moved Texas into its "toss up" column.
No, Hillary did not leak classified information during the debate
In the past 60 minutes, stories about 4 different women being groped by Donald Trump have been published.
Mike Pence cancels N.J. Trump fundraiser scheduled for Monday in Ocean County
Trump: 'We should just cancel the election and just give it to Trump'
Harry Enten on Twitter: "I still cannot believe Donald Trump is a major party presidential nominee."
El Paso Times: Hillary Clinton clear choice for president
Trumps leaked comments arent just lewd. They describe sexual assault.
Navajo Nation President Russell Begaye endorses Hillary Clinton
Tony Schwartz (CEO, The Energy Project) on Twitter: "Never underestimate the depth & desperation of Trump's humiliation at losing to Clinton. Revenge will be his obsession for rest of his days."
Trump pledges "I will totally accept the results of this great and historic presidential election if I win"
Trump Jr. Suggested Women Who Can't Take Harassment Dont Belong In The Workforce"
Of Course Fox News Didnt Air Michelle Obamas Trump Speech
Doug Mills on Twitter: (pic) Hillary Clinton draws 18,000 at Ohio State University Rally
VP Joe Biden on Twitter: The words are demeaning. Such behavior is an abuse of power. Its not lewd. Its sexual assault. Joe
What Hillary Clintons leaked audio teaches us: Her persistent theme is the danger of overpromising. Her rallying cry is that modest victories can add up, over time, to something much grander.
Poll: Clinton crushing Trump in early N.C. voting
FOX News Poll: "Good Role Model for Children"
Hillary Clinton: Why America Is Exceptional
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: Coming out often takes incredible courage. On #NationalComingOutDay, let's honor that courage by showing LGBT Americans we're with them.
Snopes Says FALSE: Claim that Hillary Clinton threw a tantrum, and a water glass, after NBC's "Commander-in-Chief" Forum in September 2016 is bogus
Mike Pence's plane saved by cutting-edge safety measures at an airport Trump called "third world" (1:02 of clip)
The boy who cried wolf has cancelled his "October Surprise"
Daily News today
Nate Silver on Twitter: "THE PARTY DECIDES: Republicans won't pick Trump because no party could fuck up a nomination that badly. REPUBLICANS: Oh yeah? Just watch us."
GOP Strategist: "My first inclination is to be dishonest...but I am gonna vote for Hillary Clinton"
Some cybersecurity experts believe a private Trump server was communicating with a Russian bank
Never thought I'd vote for Hillary.
I voted in VA today! Go Hillary!
Hillary Clinton on Twitter "Proud to have the endorsement of General Powell, a decorated soldier and distinguished statesman."
Miley Cyrus to Knock Doors for Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine in Northern Virginia
West Virginia's largest newspaper, The Charleston Gazette-Mail, endorses Hillary Clinton for President
Floridian here who just cast my ballot, choosing Hillary Clinton for President and Patrick Murphy for Senate
After watching the debates, and doing research, I've gone from Apathetic, to supporting HIllary.
NBC Investigations on Twitter: US official: Trump was told Russia was to blame for hacks long ago, "willful misrepresentation to say he doesn't know"
Jamelle Bouie (@Slate Chief Political Correspondent. @CBSNews Political Analyst) on Twitter: "If not for that tape, Republican leaders were prepared to put a white nationalist in the Oval Office just so they could cut taxes."
Kurt Eichenwald on Twitter: " My new article coming out today in @Newsweek: Not an investigative piece on Trump, but a story about his followers that has to be told."
For the Republican Party, that Mexican thing is a problem that isnt going away
In PA, people are calling the cops to report voter fraud in action on genealogy hobbyists who photograph headstones
I think shes a wonderful woman. I think shes a little bit misunderstood. You know, Hillary is a very smart woman. A very tough woman. Thats fine. Shes also a very nice person. I know Hillary and I know her husband very well. Theyre fine people. - Donald Trump, 2008
Bernie Sanders: If his staffs email were hacked, there would surely be some unkind things about Clinton
Eric Trump seen with lemonade in free water cup at In-N-Out
Folks in Arizona, Indiana & Ohio, In-Person Early Voting starts from TODAY. Find your nearest polling center and get your friends and family to vote ASAP.
"This was probably years overdue, but I re-registered as a Democrat today, so I can be in a party that's not trying to destroy the republic." Josh Barro, New York Times contributor
Donald Trump Often Made Donations to State Attorneys General Reviewing His Business
Republican Strategist Ana Navarro on Twitter: What does it say re Trump that a sitting senator of his own Party has to clarify she mis-spoke when she called him a role-model for kids. 
Politico/Morning Consult (Post-Comey) Poll - Clinton +3 "Comey's letter has not moved the polls"
Capt. Morgan on Twitter: #RepealThe19th is trending but they're offended when they get called deplorable. K.
Trump backers tweet #repealthe19th after polls show he'd win if only men voted
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: More than 10,000,000 Americans have already voted in this election. You can make it 10,000,001: http://IWillVote.com
Final debate scorecard: Hillary Clinton won. Again.
Donald Trump's Pants on Fire claim of 'large scale voter fraud'
How low can Trump go in the polls? New surveys suggest the GOP nominee is perilously close to a historic rebuke.
Stephen Colbert on Twitter: "TrumpTV show idea. "Rigged" - Donald Trump fails at things and blames everybody but himself."
Carrie Fisher Says Trump is Absolutely a Coke Head After Sniffling Again at Second Debate
Jake Tapper: "Mr Mayor, I have never said that, I have never done that. I am happy to throw a stone."
Obama casts early ballot for Clinton in Chicago
Biden: Trump 'completely uninformed' on veterans and PTSD
Trump Speech
Republican Strategist Cheri Jacobus on Twitter: Trump is now openly advocating voter fraud
Why Donald Trump says the before African Americans and Latinos: A linguist calls it the key to othering.
Hillary Clinton: The case for not sitting out this election, in two maps
FYI - Trump cannot drop out. Ballots have already been cast. R politicians are just saying this to save face.
Condoleezza Rice: "Enough! Donald Trump should not be President. He should withdraw."
Nate Silver on Twitter: We have Clinton's lead up to 5 points now.
Yes She Can...
A Hillary Clinton secret: lots of voters really like her
Today was "take your daughter to vote" day
ABC News tracking poll: Hillary Clinton 49%, Trump 40%, Johnson 5%, Stein 2%
Real Clear Politics moves Texas to 'toss-up'
Just voted early in MD for HRC. First election I vote ever
Nate Cohn on Twitter: The first day of in-person early voting in North Carolina: Dem 52.7, Rep 24.3...
TFW you realize Trump isn't joking
John Kasich: "Make no mistake the comments were wrong and offensive. They are indefensible."
U.S. job growth is solid in September: The U.S. economy added 156,000 jobs last month
Jill Stein Calls for National Conversation on Oppressive Comedians - This is not satire
New Republic: Obama Was Right About Republican Extremism All Along
Jonathan Martin on Twitter: NEWS: Trump urges surrogates to unload on Republicans abandoning him, per new talking pts just forwarded to me
Jamelle Bouie on Twitter "There's no doubt that Pence is a great performer. But for 90 minutes, he lied about everything his running mate said."
Clintons lead in Virginia edges up after debate, 42-35, gaining support among Independents and Millennials
Fox News drama: Sean Hannity accuses Megyn Kelly of supporting Hillary Clinton
Donald Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner has informally approached one of the media industry's top dealmakers about the prospect of setting up a Trump television network after the presidential election in November.
In the context of 2016, it's nice to see little things like this.
Michelle Obama speaks out about latest allegations against Donald Trump
Benjy Sarlin (NBC News) on Twitter: As per usual, this breaking politics story went from House of Cards to Veep within roughly two hours
Marco Rubio Booed Off the Stage by Latino crowd
I really like the loving message Hillary had at the end of the Al Smith dinner. Obama was the candidate of hope. Hillary is the candidate of love. (and it perfectly contrasts her from her opponent who is the candidate of hate)
Senator Tim Kaine on Twitter "Hillary and I have a plan to generate enough renewable energy to power every home in America by 2020. Read it here"
The potential next Vice-President of The United States was asked EIGHT separate times in one interview if he thought discrimination against LGBT people should be legal....he refused to answer the question EIGHT separate times.
Thank you Republicans for nominating Donald Trump
While not exactly a Clinton endorsement, The Christian Post says voting for Trump is not an option for evangelicals
SurveyUSA has Hillary up 13 in NM
New Ad highlighting Hillary's 20 year friendship with a constituent with special needs
Hillary Clinton Statement on disrupted terror plot in Kansas aimed at Somali community.
Appalling: Comey Refused to Comply with DOJ Protocol Regarding Info Release
HUGE turnout of Michelle in Arizona!! #azvictory
HIllary's team already bought nastywomengetshitdone.com and redirected it to the campaign site
It's time to put a cat back in the Whitehouse
Idaho Statesmen Editorial Board Endorsement: Hillary Clintons experience makes her the right choice for president
Hillary leads NC by 6 -- Elon U.
Ohio Is Now BLUE in ALL THREE 538 Forecasts!
Stephen Colbert: Another Playboy video featuring Trump has surfaced. It's surprising because softcore porn typically doesn't contain any dicks.
Donald Trump Makes History With Zero Major Newspaper Endorsements
Inside Planned Parenthood's $30 Million Ground War to Stop Trump-Pence
Spotted in central PA
Mike Pence: 'We Will Absolutely Accept The Result Of The Election'
"Central Park Five" member "absolutely" considering suing Trump
Romney: "It Will Be Very Difficult" For Party "To Be Put Back Together Again"
Hillary Clinton talks to The New York Times Magazine: Im the Last Thing Standing Between You and the Apocalypse
HRC's odds jumped after conventions and debates, when voters heard from candidates directly. Race narrowed when the info came thru media.
Joe "deplorable won't pay child support" Walsh violent tweet filed as domestic terrorism threat
AP Poll: Hillary Clinton up +14 among likely voters nationally | Clinton 51, Trump 37
Yep.
Trump offered me $10k to spend the night with him, says porn star: Adult actress claims The Donald propositioned her after inviting her and two other women to his penthouse suite
Former RNC Chair (Michael Steele) dumps Trump; Said he was damn near puking during the debates.
Miami-Dade, Florida's largest county: Clinton 58%, Trump 28%
Martin O'Malley on Twitter "@HillaryClinton is a fighter. And she just proved, once again, that she's the only candidate who has what it takes to be POTUS. #Debate"
"Mom, why are you crying?" "I got to vote for a woman for President."
Muhlenberg Pennsylvania Poll: Clinton 45%, Trump 39%, Johnson 8%: " Clintons lead is up 2 points" - 538 A-rated poll
More than 27,000 Virginians register to vote after extension
There Are Transcripts Of Trump's Unaired Moments On 'The Apprentice.' We Got One.
mike murphy [NBC Poll
And proud of it.
NEW Monmouth Univ Pennsylvania Poll of LV's: Clinton leads by 10 points
Joshua Green on Twitter: Trump advisor: We have three major voter-suppression operations under way, including one targeting African-American voters
Farhad Manjoo (NY Times) on Twitter: She is so disciplined. Every answer: She gives a detailed pitch, and then adds two or three specific digs at Trump. Then he takes the bait.
Extreme Vetting
Bernie Sanders: Trump is "a spoiled brat..who grew up very very wealthy who thinks that he is entitled to do anything that he wants.
Mike Pence cant believe Tim Kaine would insult Donald Trump by quoting him
New York Times: "Donald Trump Used Legally Dubious Method to Avoid Paying Taxes"
Clinton for president: Why we need a landslide | Editorial
Television Academy on Twitter: Rest assured, the #Emmys are not rigged.
Trump Complains Entire Personality Rigged Against Him
Today is the last Day to register in New Mexico, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Michigan, Montana, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee & Texas!
Four Reasons to Say NO to Donald Trump, by Bernie Sanders
[Video clip
Dan Pfeiffer on Twitter: Options for today 1. Stay home and bedwet about emails 2. Do something to make sure Hillary wins
New email dump reveals that Hillary Clinton is honest and boring
Clinton +4 in today's IBD poll
Obvious Clinton campaign operative getting himself psyched up for a full day of dastardly election rigging.
America hits new landmark: 200 million registered voters
Clinton has double-digit lead in new national poll; Hillary Clinton holds a 10-point national lead over Donald Trump with less than three weeks remaining in the race for the White House, according to a Colby College-Boston Globe poll released Wednesday.
Bloomberg/Selzer National Poll. Clinton 47, Trump 38, Johnson 8
Poll: Clinton leads Trump by 6 points in battleground Florida
Patton Oswalt on Twitter: "You know what? That Access Hollywood tape will die down. Tell the media I'm gonna re-endorse Trump!" (Checks the news) "Oooh...shit."
Ana Navarro Obliterates Trump Surrogate Offended That She Keeps Quoting Donald Trump
Elizabeth Warren on Twitter: "It's not rigged, @realDonaldTrump. You're losing fair & square. Put on your big-boy pants because this is what accountability looks like."
MonmouthPoll on Twitter: BREAKING: Nevada HRC 47 (+5 since Sept) DJT 40 (-4 since Sept)
Barack Obamas greatest strength? Probably that Im always early. hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
NEW: CNN poll of Nevada senatorial race (A- rating) has Democrat Cortez Masto 7 points ahead!
It's getting very, very hard to see how Donald Trump wins; "States that have no business being competitive  Missouri, Alaska, Utah, to name three  are suddenly within the margin of error in credible polls. States where Trump needs to win... look as if they are slipping away from him."
Right Wing Terrorist plot planned for November 9th against Somali refugees/mosque thwarted in Kansas
Hillary Clinton opens up a commanding 11-point lead over Donald Trump | PRRI/The Atlantic Survey
Trump Video Statement Roundtable
Hillary Clinton on Twitter "In one week, Trump has: Lost a debate Attacked a woman at 5 am on Twitter Had his net worth downgraded and more:"
Scott Gilmore on Twitter: Astounding reporting. Computer scientists find Trump communicating w/ Russia throughout campaign via secret server.
Stunning campaign news. The Associated Press has moved Arizona into the toss-up category. Texas, Alaska now only "lean Republican."
North Carolina slashed their early voting hours and now this is what the lines look like
Bill Clinton on Twitter "Happy Birthday Hillary!  In awe of you today and every day."
Patrick Svitek (Texas Tribune) on Twitter: Just in: @HillaryClinton's campaign is launching a one-week ad buy in Texas, per an aide. Clinton campaign will run an ad in Texas highlighting her @dallasnews endorsement, aide says. Going up in Dallas, Houston, Austin and S.A.
From the publisher: A response to threats about our presidential endorsement
Nate Silver on Twitter: Have received permission from @GenFlynn to publish this Trump campaign polling analysis. Enjoy.
Lawrence O'Donnell on Twitter: I love watching pathological liars under oath, so please @realDonaldTrump sue @nytimes & @people for reporting women's stories about you.
Colin Powell joins 67 Republican politicians, donors and officials who are supporting Hillary Clinton
Matthew Gertz (Media Matters) on Twitter: Jake Tapper corrects Trump surrogate: "This is a she said, she said, she said, she said, she said, she said, she said, she said situation."
Bloomberg Selzer Poll Clinton up +9 in PA
Trump: Ryan won't be Speaker if I win WH
McCain rescinds Trump support
Newsweek investigation: How Donald Trump ditched U.S. steel workers in favor of China
Tim Kaine hires a transition director to prepare him for the vice presidency.
Dear evangelicals, you've lost ALL RIGHTS to talk about morality and character
2016 Presidential Town Hall Debate - Tuesday, October 9, 2016
NEW AD: Measure - Hillary Clinton
Pence claimed that Clinton and Obama were the cause of Russia invading Georgia... In August 2008, while Bush was President and before Obama had even been elected.
Clinton to Trump: You're declaring defeat before the battle for Mosul has begun; "Hes proving to the world what it means to have an unqualified commander in chief. Its not only wrong, its dangerous, and it needs to be repudiated."
There's a food truck in Portland called Donald Trump's BS that sells nothing but "baloney" sandwiches
Hillary
A Member Of The Central Park Five Wants To Come To The Final Debate
Trump Faces Payback In The Desert: There are 300,000+ Native Americans in Arizona...And boy do they dislike Donald Trump.
Pants on Fire! Trump claims all polls show he won 2nd debate
Poll: Clinton widens Mich. lead as Trump support slides (Clinton +11)
Michael Reagan: Nancy would vote for Clinton
Clinton up 6 in POLITICO/Morning Consult national poll
"I think it's genius when billionaires like Donald Trump don't pay income taxes!" Said no Sanders supporter ever.
Some more HRC sketches, from Wellesley to debates!
"We Endorse Hillary Clinton for President" -- Three Northeast Pennsylvania Newspapers Simultaneously Endorse
Jennifer Epstein on Twitter: Trump is giving a weekday afternoon speech & 3 major cables aren't carrying it live. Instead they're talking about accusations against him.
Trump to blame Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim for groping allegations: report
Chris Hayes on Twitter: Trump is doing what he accused Romney of doing: choking.
Reminder: Trump's massive fraud racketeering trial begins one month from today -- it could lead to his seventh bankruptcy
Republican Commentator Nicolle Wallace on Twitter: I turned on @megynkelly in time to hear @newtgingrich accuse her of being obsessed with sex. #imwithmegyn There is a hot gender war underway
Save Pennsylvania, Save the World -if we win Pennsylvania this election is ours. Polls close 8pm Eastern
BREAKING: "Apprentice" cast and crew to @AP: Donald Trump demeaned female contestants with lewd sex talk; he denies.
Bret Stephens (WSJ) on Twitter: "Trump's answer on accepting the outcome of the vote is the most disgraceful statement by a presidential candidate in 160 years."
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "Carter. Bush. Clinton. Bush. Obama. Not one of them believes Donald Trump has what it takes to be president. "
Marlee Matlin responds to reports of Trump calling her retarded: "As a person who is deaf..., I have a voice. And I'm using that voice to make myself heard.. and vote."
Trump trails Clinton by 8 points after tape scandal, debate: Reuters/Ipsos poll
Alicia Machado on Twitter: People of FL! Only 2 days left to register and stop the mysoginist, anti-Latino Trump. Let's elect @HillaryClinton!
Latino voter registration sees big surge in Georgia
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: If you dont have the guts to run for office on your ideas @realDonaldTrump, then you shouldnt run for office at all.
Thumbs Up
Last time I was on this subreddit I was still feeling the emotions of the primary, now I have come to Enthusiastically support Hillary.
Sabrina Siddiqui (The Guardian) on Twitter: NEW: Paul Ryan says he's "sickened" by Trump's comments, Trump no longer attending GOP event in WI tomorrow
Financial Times endorses Hillary Clinton: "American democracys fateful choice"
Marcus Bullock on Twitter: Man hangs black mannequins in tree next to his Trump yard sign. Claims just "Halloween". This is why I don't give a shit about those emails.
Civil Rights Legend Rep. John Lewis leading young Democrats in a march to early voting center in Atlanta, GA today morning.
Texans! Early voting starts this MONDAY October 24th. Be sure to check the link inside to see where you can vote early!
The Washington Post Editorial Board: Donald Trump, Putins Puppet
Democrats began the fall campaign with a 5-to-1 paid staff advantage
Clinton is drawing more support from older voters than Trump is, a reversal of recent trends
Double standards.
FBI Director James Comey screwed up big time
Trump boasts about his philanthropy. But his giving falls short of his words.
NYT Upshot/Siena College: Hillary Clinton Leads by 7 Points in Pennsylvania Poll
The New Yorker Endorses Hillary Clinton
'It's surreal': is a Democratic uprising afoot deep in the heart of Texas?
Oprah breaks it down for people who are STILL undecided. "Do you like this country?"
CBS/YouGov: Hillary up 6 in Nevada.
#NeverTrumpers need to get over themselves and vote for Hillary Clinton
Trump's 'Locker Room Talk' Is 'What Sexual Abusers Do': Tim Kaine
Donald J. Trump on Twitter: The media and establishment want me out of the race so badly - I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE, WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN! #MAGA
Donald Trumps no concession stand: He and his hate-filled followers will not accept a Clinton victory and thats when things get truly chilling
Paul Ryan warns of "doomsday scenario": Bernie Sanders as Budget Committee chair
Democrats are now extremely confident they will capture control of the Senate next month in the wake of Donald Trumps drop in the polls and an intensifying civil war in the Republican Party.... Signs point to a pickup of seven seats and possibly more on Election Day.
Editorial: In the end, Hillary Clinton is the only qualified candidate, and the best choice
Andrew Desiderio (Daily Beast) on Twitter: Van Jones just now on CNN: "We have a super predator running for president and his name is Donald Trump."
The Clinton Email Controversy Bothers You, Yet You Dont Actually Know What the Clinton Email Controversy Is
"Blacks for Trump"
Statement from Gary Johnson on Donald Trump...this is real. Not doctored
The New Yorker: Putin Cancels Campaign Event with Trump
Thanks to Trump, we can better understand how Hitler was possible - U.S. Election 2016 - Haaretz - Israel News
Republican Senator John Cornyn on Twitter: Why is FBI doing this just 11 days before the election?
On Maddow right now - Former Rental agent for Fred Trump says he was told directly not to rent "the N Word" by Fred with Donald Present
Letter from Harry Reid to James Comey from today
9 Days
Front page of tomorrow's NY Daily News
Texan here. I did my part and gave Hillary Clinton the birthday gift of a vote! (Along with votes for down-ballot Democrats.)
Rick Wilson (GOP Strategist) on Twitter: ""Four score and 7 years ago, these skanks who are 5s on a good day deserved to be bigly sued. Did you see how they dressed? Deserved it.""
"Ain't gonna let racist politics turn me around!" Voters singing to get out the vote.
Rex Huppke (Chicago Tribune) on Twitter: BREAKING: CNN has just called Florida, Ohio and Pennsylvania for Michelle Obama
CBS News on Twitter: Footage from 1992 shows Donald Trump greeting a young girl, saying he will date her in 10 years
Ted Turner endorses Hillary Clinton for president
If We Win Texas I'll Eat A Gallon Of Chili In One Sitting
Quinnipiac: Clinton +5 Florida, Clinton +3 North Carolina, Trump +5 Ohio, Clinton +4 Pennsylvania
Poll of International Relations scholars: 82% of IR scholars said Clinton's foreign policy views most closely aligned with their own, while 4% said Trump's did. IR scholars overwhelmingly believe Trump would damage U.S. foreign relations
Hillary for NC on Twitter: Thinking of everyone at the @NCGOP after the horrific and unacceptable attack on the Orange County HQ. Grateful all are safe.
Lauren Bush Lauren: #ImWithHer 
Anderson Cooper Begins Debate By Giving Trump Opportunity To Explain What The Fuck Is Wrong With Him
FBI agents knew of emails on Weiner's computer for weeks before telling Comey, Post reports. Hadn't leaked.
Nate Silver: Pretty much everyone has an incentive to push the narrative that the presidential race is tightening. The television networks would like for you to keep tuning in to their horse-race coverage.
Gay rights advocates launch biggest ever push for Clinton, other Democrats
Early voting shows upsurge of women
'Cut her mic' moment left me flabbergasted - BBC News
82% of people in Ireland support Clinton. 6% support Trump. A reminder of the great things Bill did here in the 1990s.
"The Apprentice" Microphone Guy Says Trump Repeatedly Called Him A "Fucking Monkey"
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: Seems like Pence forgot a lot of the things Trump has been saying throughout his campaign! Here to help:
Trump backers realize theyve been played as WikiLeaks fails to deliver October surprise
HRC Campaign Manager - Robbie Mook: " THE COMEY LETTER IS MOTIVATING CLINTON'S VOTERS, SUPPORTERS, & VOLUNTEERS "
New QPac National Poll: Clinton 47, Trump 40
Fox News poll shows drop in Trump supporters' enthusiasm
Seth Abramovitch (Hollywood Reporter) on Twitter: This @ananavarro speech could be the best single moment in the campaign
Kaine lost the night but won the morning
Republican Strategist Ana Navarro on Twitter: Latino Twitter not happy w/ Pence. Pissed as hell w/ "You whipped out that Mexican thing" comment. Metio la pata. (Stuck his foot in mouth).
8 Days
Katy Perry on Twitter: RT if ur nasty
Clinton: I dont even think about responding to Trump anymore
Internal GOP pollIng shows Indiana tied
Psychologists will tell you that some women want to be treated with respect," Trump told Nancy Collins in a never-released 1994 transcript...' "I tell friends who treat their wives magnificently, get treated like crap in return, 'Be rougher and youll see a different relationship.'"
Trump just gave an anti-Semitic speech dripping with hatred  and the Internet is horrified
Jesse Rodriguez (NBC) on Twitter: New NBC/WSJ poll taken post-2nd debate: Clinton 46%, Trump 37%, Johnson 8%, Stein 2%. In the two-way race: Clinton 50%, Trump 40%.
Boston Globe Editorial Board: Hillary Clinton for president
Video: Trump supporters call reporters "Lgenpresse," "lying press," literally a Nazi-era term
WMUR poll: Maggie Hassan takes 8 percentage point lead over AYO KELLY
UH poll shows Trump leading Clinton by 3 percent in Texas
Reminder: Paul Ryan's seat is only R+3. The Republican Party could soon lose its last unifying figure
PRRI/The Atlantic National Poll: Clinton 47-Trump 41, Clinton +6
Trumps ghostwriter: he's a sociopath who, if elected president, could end civilization
Trump explains why the First Amendment has too much protection for free speech
President Obama Campaigns for Hillary Clinton in Las Vegas
Kids select Hillary Clinton by a 17-point margin in a Scholastic's Election Poll
Jim Acosta (CNN) on Twitter: Trump supporter holding up a Ryan "TRADER" sign. I think he means "traitor." Unless speaker has part time job we don't know about.
Republican Women Are Unendorsing Trump Twice As Fast As Men Are
If you need a laugh after that debate...
David Fahrenthold (WaPo) On Twitter: "I've Now Called 386 Charities, Looking For Millions @RealDonaldTrump Says He Gave Away. Still A Chance The Dwyer H.S. Band (#380) Got It All"
Tomorrow's cover of the New York Daily News
Reminder to not get complacent. Trump has a lead in Florida in one poll. Vote, volunteer.
Kasie Hunt (NBC News) on Twitter: This Michelle Obama speech will be remembered as a major moment in this 2016 campaign
Harry Enten on Twitter: Few signs Trump is breaking through in a state Clinton likely needs to win. Many signs Clinton is breaking through in states Trump must win.
Saw Hillary and Elizabeth Warren in NH!
Senator Mike Crapo (Idaho) un-endorses Donald Trump(!)
Clinton hopes for 'insurmountable' lead from early voting
MFW Hillary is up +10 in almost every poll and has a chance of turning Arizona and Texas blue
Fred Trump's record of racial discrimination as a landlord was so famous that Woody Guthrie wrote a song about it:
Kellyanne Conway: Trump Would Be Willing to Challenge Clinton to Another Debate
"When they go low, we go high!"
Donald J. Trump on Twitter: Why didn't Hillary Clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! Crooked Hillary.
Frenzied Trump Supporters Are Turning On The Media -- And It's Getting Scary
3,000 Sexual Assault Survivors to GOP: 'Stop Enabling Trump'
Bill Dixon on Twitter: Remember when Donald Trump complained about his mic not working? The universe has a sense of humor.
Clinton dominating Trump among Florida Hispanics in new poll
Poll: Clinton leads Trump by 7 in Virginia
Heres the SNL that finally went too far for Donald Trump
Clinton is right: Trump tax plan gives more to rich than Bush tax cuts
Joy Reid on Twitter: Michelle Obama is preaching the Gospel of life right now. If you are missing it, please find a way to watch it later.
Endorsement: We're with Hillary Clinton. Frankly, Donald Trump's dangerous.
Director Ron Howard on Twitter: Trumps says "Anyone who knows me knows these words dont reflect who I am, Sorry but i know people who do know him -it is exactly who he is
NBC/SurveyMonkey weekly tracking poll: HRC 47, Trump 41, Johnson 6, Stein 3 - essentially unchanged from last wk | 2way: HRC 51, Trump 44
Harry Enten on Twitter: NC+NV = 21 electoral votes. Ohio is only 18. One reason Ohio isn't spoken about by many as a key state right now.
We won the battle but now we need to win the war. Vote down ticket dems into office, vote in your local elections where policy actually moves, and canvas to spread our democratic values. We welcome all races, genders, and work to improve the lives of EVERYONE, Democrats and Republicans.
First Lady Michelle Obama Campaigns with Hillary Clinton in North Carolina
Florida Atlantic University Poll - Clinton 46, Trump 43
Matthew Yglesias (Vox) on Twitter: Amazingly, this is going even worse for Trump than the debates.
Place your bets! How many Russians will downvote this?
Early ballots and voter-registration numbers show Democrats surging in Florida
Did the "Salt Lake City Tribune" just endorse Hillary Clinton???
Robby Mook on Twitter: "Over 70k volunteer shifts this weekend. Record for Democratic presidential campaign. Thanks! Here are some message points for the weekend ahead:"
Joe Walsh is defending Hillary now. We are through the looking glass people.
Michael Cohen on Twitter: Ive been saying I don't think Comey survives this. Now I think he actually needs to resign. Whatever his intentions, he's done real damage
'Not Wanted': Black Applicants Rejected for Trump Housing Speak Out
Nate Silver on Twitter: Clinton chances in Texas: 17% Trump chances in Pennsylvania: 10%
Trump's refusal to accept intelligence briefing on Russia stuns experts
Liz Mair (GOP strategist): By the way, the two really, really bad stories I mentioned would soon be dropping still haven't actually dropped.
Warren Buffet mic drops Trump in a statement after Sunday's debate.
Jeff Zeleny (CNN) on Twitter: Robby Mook says Clinton campaign would like Florida election officials to extend Tuesday's voter registration deadline in wake of Hurricane.
NBC/WSJ/Marist Polls (pre-Comey mess): Clinton leads by 6 points in NC | Clinton leads by 1point in FL
Kellyanne Conway on Twitter, unironically: "Astonished by the all-out assault on Comey by Team Clinton. Suggesting he is a partisan interfering with the election is dangerous & unfair."
Register-Journal poll shows Clinton pulling away from Trump in Nevada [48 Clinton; 41 Trump; 6 Johnson
Throwback: Peggy Noonan pens a blog post on why she thinks Romney will win, based off yard signs and rally size.
Debate Watch Party for Hillary Clinton in Las Vegas. WOW.
Katy Tur (NBC News) on Twitter: Clinton: We have undocumented immigrants who pay more federal income tax than Trump.
In GA and NC, there was a marked increase in women requesting mail ballots following the first debate
Clinton Campaign Makes Drive for Early Votes to Sew Up North Carolina
US president Barack Obama's two terms: Full of dignity and free of sex scandals
New York Daily News front page tomorrow
Julin Castro on Twitter: Note to DC/NY media: in THIS election, Texas may well surprise folks. Believe it.
First Lady Michelle Obama Campaign Rally in Phoenix, AZ
CBS/NYT National Poll: Clinton leads by 9 in the four-way, 11 in the head-to-head
HRC is now above 70% in all three 538 forecasts, and above 80% in the Now-Cast!
George Takei on Twitter: Trump could not affirm that he would accept the election result. This. Is. Unamerican.
Bernie is doing SEVEN rallies in TWO days to stop Trump: Thank you Senator for your amazing dedication.
Clinton's lead now up to double digits, new NBC/WSJ poll shows
Will McAvoy: "If Hillary Clinton is a criminal, as you allege, she is Danny Ocean meets Keyser Soze. The greatest criminal mastermind of all-time. Hundreds of millions of dollars spent on countless investigations over thirty years, and not a single piece of hard evidence against her."
Our visitors from /r/The_D****d throw a fit whenever I post this pic. HRC and FLOTUS speaking to a packed stadium in NC today. Let's show them what real enthusiasm looks like.
J.K. Rowling on Twitter: "The men rushing to tell us all that they talk about women exactly the way @realDonaldTrump did in his tape seem to think they're helping."
LeBron James: Why I'm endorsing Hillary Clinton
NBC News/WSJ Poll: Clinton now holds 11-point national lead over Trump
Trump recorded having extremely lewd conversation about women in 2005
We've Got to Keep Our Daughters Safe from Pervert Men Wearing Wigs
Bill Maher on Twitter: '"Final thought: Hillary won the debate, but Alec Baldwin did a great job intensifying Trump's insanity. That was Alec Baldwin, right?"
Two women have come forward to the NYT regarding sexual assault committed by Donald Trump
The feeling when you know that you got outplayed by a woman but will still make an excuse tomorrow about how it wasn't fair.
Front page cover of TIME magazine - Total Meltdown.
RT if youre proud of Hillary tonight.
(2013) 100% of perverts go back to their ways. Sadly, there is no cure
The FBI director did not say email investigation was being reopened. Republican Jason Chaffetz is the one who said that -- and he's wrong.
Best billboard of the 2016 campaign is up in Dearborn, Michigan: "Donald Trump: He can't read this, but he's afraid of it."
Marco Rubio Says Republicans are making a mistake by jumping on allegedly hacked emails released by Wikileaks to criticize Hillary Clinton. "Today it is the Democrats. Tomorrow it could be us."
Meghan McCain on Twitter: Trump is going nuclear on the GOP instead of Hillary because he knows he's going to lose & is going to need someone to blame when it happens
"Hillary can't draw crowds like Trump."
From a Bernie supporter who proudly voted for Hillary
Seth MacFarlane on Twitter: "In the year two-thousand sixteen, we have a VP candidate who denies evolution. Just in case you thought Trump was hogging all the stupid."
Bernie Sanders just posted this on Facebook.
Scotland's First Minister - "Hate hearing @HillaryClinton described as 'lesser of two evils' when she's actually a smart, strong, experienced, resilient woman."
Donald Trump's companies destroyed or hid documents in defiance of court orders
STATEMENT FROM JOHN McCAIN WITHDRAWING SUPPORT OF DONALD TRUMP
Clinton up 6 in POLITICO/Morning Consult national poll
Stephen Colbert on Twitter: "Trump said his campaign could be his "single greatest waste of time, energy & money." Congrats, Donald! Today you are a Trump U graduate."
#BREAKING NY AG sends Cease and Desist to Trump Foundation for operating without proper certification.
Happy 69th Birthday to the amazing Hillary Rodham Clinton.
Senator Tim Kaine on Twitter: We're up in the pollsthat's great. But when the wind's at your back, it's time to run faster. Be a part of this.
New Ohio poll puts Hillary Clinton ahead of Donald Trump by 9 points after news of Trump's vulgar talk
HILLARY CLINTON:  _  TAKE MY HIGH ENERGY  _ 
Hillary Clinton Destroyed Trump in the Debates Just by Being a Grown-Up
'The Atlantic' Editors Endorse Hillary Clinton for President
Hugh Laurie on not understanding hatred for Hillary "It's as if I missed the first reel of the film where she burned down the orphanage"
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "The attack on the Orange County HQ @NCGOP office is horrific and unacceptable. Very grateful that everyone is safe."
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "Middle class families pay their taxes. But billionaires like Mr. Trump don't have to thanks to their friends in Congress."
Giuliani's daughter is for Clinton
Clinton Vaults to a Double-Digit Lead (POLL) 50% to 38%
Bill Clinton on Twitter: "41 years ago I married my best friend and the finest changemaker Ive ever known. And yes, Im still in awe of her!"
Hillary Clintons Masterful Manipulation Of Donald Trump
First time voter, in the swing state of FL!! So excited to cast my ballot for the first female president
Bill Kristol on Twitter: "I'm old enough to remember when Republicans didn't think private emails should be hacked, especially at behest of a hostile foreign power."
I'm sorry to have to tell you this Donald, but...
Trump says Hillary Clinton was "let off the hook" for her email scandal while Gen. David Petraeus had his life "destroyed for doing far, far less." PolitiFact rates this as FALSE.
Libertarian VP Candidate Gives Up, Will Focus on Preventing Trump Presidency
45th President. Upvote this to make it the first image result on Google for 45th President. And don't forget to vote by November 8th!
Washington Post endorses Hillary Clinton for President
Donald Trump Called Deaf Apprentice Marlee Matlin Retarded
Bernie Fighting For All of Us
Hillary is ahead in the polls...by a lot
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: Thankful for @TammyforIL'sand her family'sservice to this country. It's really not that hard to grasp, @MarkKirk.
Democrats raise $13k to help reopen burned NC GOP office
DO NOT FAIL TO VOTE BECAUSE IT LOOKS LIKE TRUMP IS SUNK
Paul Krugman on Twitter "Let's be clear: a candidate for president promised to put his opponent in jail if he wins. Everything else is secondary."
16 Days
Fox News Poll: Clinton Leads Trump By 7 Points
This is today's New Yorker's cartoon.
By releasing an email with my words -- and pretending they came from Clinton advisor - Putin has shown his hand.
Mitt Romney on Twitter: Hitting on married women? Condoning assault? Such vile degradations demean our wives and daughters and corrupt America's face to the world.
"Stop, stop he's already dead"
New The Atlantic Poll: +11 Lead for Clinton
KATY PERRY on Twitter: YOU GOT THIS @HillaryClinton #DEBATES
Well you can't knock the Trump Hotel in Chicago for customer service. Glad they delivered on my personal request for a photo of Hillary!
Mark Cuban on Twitter: "So Donald Trump lost more than $50mm of daddy's money by the age of 33. Born on 3rd base, stranded on 1st."
Bill Maher: Never realized Hillary was the emperor of the world for the last 30 years, solely responsible for every bad thing that ever happened. Hmm.
Under a relentless assault on her character, Hillary maintains her dignity
PEOPLE Reveals 6 Witnesses Who Corroborate Natasha Stoynoff's Story of Being Attacked by Donald Trump
Donald Trump isn't the most dangerous man on the ticket: Mike Pence is
Longtime Trump supporter switches to Hillary after realizing Trump is 23 cans short of a case
Why Should I vote for Hillary? (Not Offensive)
If you are a Hillary supporter in Utah, VOTE FOR HILLARY, mcmullin winning in that state DOES NOT HELP.
Obama to Trump: 'Stop whining'
Per WaPo, "Donald Trump now says 'a global power structure' is out to stop him." We are, but most people just call us women.
Colin Powell: Im Voting for Hillary Clinton
Bernie Sanders: If my supporters 'take a hard look' at what Gary Johnson stands for, they won't vote for him
Matthew Yglesias on Twitter: The only way the email story could get any worse for Clinton would be if some kind of actual wrongdoing were unearthed at some point.
David Fahrenthold (WAPO) on Twitter: That's right: in 2009, @realDonaldTrump used $5K from his foundation to pay the winner of "Trump pays your bills" contest on TV show Extra.
Voter Fraud Is Very Rare In American Elections
Shameful Silence on Donald Trump's Lies About Vote-Rigging
Clinton Leads by 7 Points in North Carolina Poll
Clinton OVERTAKES Trump in RCP Average of Arizona Polls!
Joe Biden PASSIONATELY Calls Out Donald Trump on His PTSD Comments, Shares Story of Son Beau.
That face when you're only 15 points ahead of the other guy...
Serious Question: How would the movie "13th" affect Black community support for Clinton?
President Obama: Outstanding 3 for 3 debate sweep for @HillaryClinton! Nobody has ever been more prepared to be @POTUS.
Paul Ryan Sitting Among Undecided Voters At Town Hall Debate
Literally just a picture of Tim Kaine with the American flag.
NEW Monmouth Univ NATIONAL Poll of LV's: Clinton leads by 12 points!
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "I have 7 beautiful grandchildren and 4 kids. I do not want Donald Trump to be their president"
The Salt Lake Tribune editorial board endorses Hillary Clinton for president (front page cover)
FBI's Comey opposed naming Russians, citing election timing
Nate Silver on Twitter: Huge surge last night in Google searches for how to donate to Clinton's campaign. (Much bigger than for Trump.)
Breaking: In letter, US Senator accuses @FBI of withholding "explosive" info connecting @realDonaldTrump campaign to Kremlin
Three for Three
Hillary Clinton is winning the Breitbart Poll!!!!!!!
Trump said he hopes 2nd amendment people stop Hillary. I hope 19th amendment people stop Trump.
Michael Moore Unveils Surprise Trump Film
I get why she does rallies but I think they don't convince people to vote.
Trump is Wrong. Wrong. A Surprise Attack on Mosul Is Impossible.
Sanders Announces Bill to Close Tax Loopholes Used by Trump
Jill Stein has 0% support among college educated white women. They're all supporting Hillary
Hillary Clintons campaign is making its long-rumored move into Arizona, projecting confidence as it hopes to steal a red state with a win that the Clinton campaign says would effectively end Donald Trump's chances of becoming president.
A Veteran Spy Has Given the FBI Information Alleging a Russian Operation to Cultivate Donald Trump
The Tampa Bay Times, Florida's most widely circulated newspaper, endorses Hillary Clinton for President.
Poll: Clinton beating Trump by 5 in Arizona
This is Real - Lawsuit Alleging Donald Trump raped 13 year old girl refiled in court w/ new witness
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: ".@FLOTUS, I'm in awe. Thanks for putting into words what's in so many of our hearts. -H"
Mike Pence Accused of Voter Suppression in Indiana
Time for FBI director Comey to resign
PublicPolicyPolling on Twitter: "Trump won the nomination because he was the only candidate who told the racists in the GOP it was ok to be racist. Bottom line."
Sad Ted Cruz Phone-Banking For Donald Trump Is The Meme Of The Campaign
Congratulations Hillary Clinton, Our First Woman President
Elizabeth Warren on Twitter: "Give me a break, @realDonaldTrump. Youre not losing because its rigged. Youre losing because we see through your creepy bullying."
AP: BREAKING: US official: Newly discovered emails related to Clinton investigation did not come from her private server.
Kurt Eichenwald on Twitter: The crazier trump sounds w/ his conspiracy theories, the more i wonder what he's really hiding by refusing to release a real medical report.
Donald J. Trump on Twitter: The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my support during his primary (I gave, he won), then dropped me over locker room remarks!
Garry Kasparov:"Saying that fair elections are rigged is as much a crime against democracy as saying that rigged elections are fair."
Ana Navarro on Twitter: Not being funny. Just woke-up. Can't keep track of # of accusers against Donald Cosby. Oops! I mean Donald Ailes. Oops! I mean Donald Trump.
If the election is really rigged, 33 states are rigged by Republicans
Trump sex tape lie is his most blatant lie yet
Okay, she got undecided voter Ken Bone! "It would be unconscionable for me" to see marriage equality rights "taken away by a Supreme Court justice appointed by Donald Trump"
Clinton to nation: let's bury Trump under landslide
Forget This Hillary Is Unlikable Stuff. Hillary Is Downright Inspiring.
Cher on Twitter: "SOME1"PLEASE"TELL ME,HOW CAN A 70 YR OLD MAN SAY"IT WAS 10Yrs AGO" R WE SUPPOSED 2CUT THIS ANIMAL SLACK,CAUSE HE WAS ONLY 60PUL-EASE"
Reminder: Hillary Clinton is extraordinarily popular  if you dont count white people
Don't let Trump's nice guy act during this hurricane fool you.
If Hillary Clinton wins, the smart thing for the GOP to do is say she won fair and square, ensuring that the blame for the party's defeat goes to Donald Trump himself. If Republicans agree with the "rigged election" thesis, they will prove they truly are the party of Trump.
Just saw Hillary in person. Madam President is made of steel.
Thank you r/hillaryclinton for being a readable subreddit.
ppl like "what's with Hilary's pantsuit, she looks like a interplanetary leader from the future." FUCKING DUH DRESS FOR THE JOB YOU WANT.
Independent Conservative Presidential Candidate Evan McMullin on Twitter: .@realDonaldTrump, Yes youve never heard of me because while you were harassing women at beauty pageants, I was fighting terrorists abroad.
WashPo: In 1993 we interviewed Hillary Clinton about religion and politics. Heres what she said.
Sending Tim Kaine good vibes tonight for the VP debate, as he fights for our country.
As Donald Trump derides sexual-assault accusers, gruesome details of rape allegation surface
"Hillary Clinton thinks your daughter could be president someday and Donald Trump would like to grab her by the pussy. Your move, America." Mike Birbiglia
Hillary Clinton Nukes Donald Trump's Remaining Chances
Remember y'all: they go low, we go high.
Draft-Dodger Donald Trump Implies PTSD Sufferers Are Weak: During a Q&A with veterans, the aspiring commander in chief dishonored service members with the disorder by implying they are weaker than their peers without it.
How low can Trump go in the polls? New surveys suggest the GOP nominee is perilously close to a historic rebuke.
Rick Wilson (GOP Strategist) on Twitter: "I get hate mail! "There are only a few of you #nevertrump cucks." Me: "And yet, you suffer so.""
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: Donald Trump is the least qualified person to become president in the history of our country. Go vote! #debatenight http://iwillvote.com
Trump Organization uses really, really insecure e-mail servers. Sad!
Am sure they never knew back then they'll become President.
Senate Update: The Last Week Has Been Very Kind To Democrats' Hopes For A Majority
Here's a pretty good debunking of the latest installment of "But emails!" part 3,472
Got my ballot in the mail today!
Wil Wheaton on Twitter: "The Republican nominee for president today told his supporters to commit voter fraud. But something something email, so \_()_/"
I love this picture 
Christopher Hayes on Twitter: "Wallace is wrong Clinton not offering a plan on "securing the southern border." The bill she supports had HUGE border security components."
Eh, it's probably for the best that for once Trump went above expectations in the long run.
Hillary Clinton edges ahead of Donald Trump after first debate - CBS News poll
When you protest a Trump rally but no one realizes your shirt says "Latinas AGAINST trump" so they take pics w/ you like you're supporters
The debate summed up in one photo.
The women who have accused Donald Trump
Chris Hayes on Twitter: Before this history gets re-written in real time. The "turning point" in the race was the 1st debate, not the Access Hollywood tape.
This is what we're fighting against folks. Leave it up to the republicans to put anti-LGBT legislation in a "must pass" defense bill.
Hillary Clinton on Twitter "That feeling when you win three straight debates. "
Trump is a good guy
PSA: "Bigly" is not a word
Philly Inquirer on Twitter "EDITORIAL | @HillaryClinton is easily the best candidate for president"
GOP have already declared Mike Pence the winner of tonight's debate. Oops. 
Donald Trump: I Didn't Apologize To My Wife After Sex Allegations (The Huffington Post)
Tim Kaine delivers full speech in Spanish
What have liberals done good for this country? What about conservatives?
This BAD HOMBRE is Voting Hillary!
Donald Trump Is a Worse Crook Than Bernie Madoff ~ Madoff only scammed his rich clients. Trump could scam us all.
Hillary +10 nationally (Fairleigh Dickinson)
A new worry for Clinton: Trump's struggles may depress Democratic voter turnout
What if every woman got their own Anderson Cooper when they talked? "Please don't interrupt her, she did not interrupt you."
Why wont she say this?
Much-Improved Clinton Zinger Game Leaves Trump Sputtering Incoherently About Puppets
I Was A Trump Taj Mahal Cocktail Waitress  Here's Why He Shouldn't Be President
Trump looms behind Clinton at the debate
Chelsea Handler on Twitter: She got Bin Laden; you didn't even get an Emmy.
 Paul Ryan: If Republicans Lose the Senate, Bernie Sanders Wins
Donald Trump Hits Nasty Hillary Clinton, Democracy: The GOP nominee was sedated and sane for 30 whole minutes at 2016s final presidential debate, and then he went back to his normal conspiracy theory-believing self.
Let's say, hypothetically, Bernie had won the nomination. What would the margin between him and Trump look like right now?
Michael Moores Secret Donald Trump Movie
Mic on Twitter "Hillary Clinton won the second #debate, mostly because Donald Trump totally imploded"
The difference between Trump and a hand dryer is the hand dryer will actually do something for you. -KC King
So, Pence, you NEVER said Putin was a better leader than Obama? Oh, girl...
Obama denounces Trump's predatory comments, calling him 'insecure'
Convince me to vote for Hillary without anything referring to a different party/candidate
"I'm not bossy. I have leadership skills."
Women, like me, are suffering in silence amid sexual harassment
Obama tries to get inside Trumps head ~ The president is using his status and stature to emasculate the beleaguered Republican nominee.
Omaha (NE) World-Herald breaks 80 year tradition, endorses Hillary Clinton for President.
Vox: Donald J. Trump's meltdown wasnt an accident. The Clinton campaign coolly analyzed his weaknesses and then sprung trap after trap to take advantage of them.
IT'S HAPPENING: 538's Polls-Plus Forecast Now Predicting Clinton More Likely to Win in a Landslide than Trump to Win AT ALL.
Alex Burns (Political correspondent for @NYTPolitics @NYTMetro) on Twitter: "In almost ANY OTHER situation, a politician calling opponent a "nasty woman" would be most explosive moment of the debate/week/entire race"
Friends of the Earth Action, a former Bernie Sanders environmental Super PAC: "Vote for Clinton, not Stein"
Donald Trump Must Withdraw. Here's Why.
It's fitting that Clinton's final opponent before becoming the first female President is an old-school, misogynist blowhard. It's also fitting that the politician to finally humiliate Trump is a strong, competent woman.
Draft-Dodger Donald Trump Suggests U.S. Soldiers, Veterans Commit Suicide Because They Cant Handle Post-Traumatic Stress
(((Harry Enten))) (538) On Twitter: "This was a field of 17... More GOP primary voters chose Trump than any other candidate. It's on them."
11 Days
doing my part to make history here in California!
Congratulations! /r/HillaryClinton now has 30,000 subscribers! #StrongerTogether
Its time we admit that the Hillary Clinton liar label is sexist garbage
Hillary is beating Trump in the Breitbart debate poll
CNN: Condi Rice responds to report Trump called her a "bitch" in 2006: "Can't wait until November 9!"
Tim Kaine makes history: Delivers speech entirely in Spanish during Spanish-language church service
30 years of experience | Hillary Clinton
Former Apprentice Contestant Summer Zervos Says Donald Trump Sexually Harassed Her After The Show
"Grab em by the pussy: how Trump talked about women in private is horrifying
This meme has been debunked, buuuuut....
Donald Trump lost another debate by making it all about himself
A President Trump could destroy the world economy
Senator Tim Kaine on Twitter "No question who won [last night
Hillary Clintons 3 debate performances left the Trump campaign in ruins
Trump on the Commission for Presidential Debates: "I have no respect for that group by the way, I'm done."
Stop Saying A Trump Win Would Cause A Recession
CBS Breaking News: More questionable footage of Trump's comments on women -- In an Entertainment Tonight Christmas feature in 1992, Trump looked at a group of 10-year-old girls and said he would be dating one of them in ten years. At the time, Trump would have been 46 years old.
Hillary Clinton Bar Talk - SNL
Texas poll: Clinton within 4 points of Trump, 4743%.
The Clinton campaign wants help from any lawyers or law students to assist voters navigating new voting restrictions on Election Day. Text LAWYERS to 47246.
Donald Trump has been making disturbing comments about young girls for years
((Harry Enten))) (538) On Twitter: "Trump Right Now..."
I just need to declare it....
Nick Offerman: Hillary Clinton is the 'sane,' 'moral' choice
BuzzFeed CEO Says Ivanka Trump Ain't No Stranger To Locker Room Talk
Joy Behar: It's interesting to me that a man who dodged the draft 6 times, who did not pay taxes for 18 years, and got free media attention for a year, is saying that the system is rigged against him. It sounds to me that the system is rigged FOR him.
Just a picture of Donald Trump and his daughter Ivanka.
RNC halts Victory project work for Trump
POLITICO on Twitter: .@POTUS: Id invite Mr. Trump to stop whining and go try to make his case to get votes.
Women tell Trump his obscene comments are 'not OK' in powerful new video
Clinton's Choice to Wear White at Debate Conveys Struggle of Suffragists, Says Expert
Trump Supporter Questions Clinton's Qualifications Because She May Get Her Period
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "Education is at stake. The environment is at stake. LGBT equality are at stake. Equal pay is at stake. IWillVote.com"
Breaking News from Brian Thompson on Twitter: "URGENT BREAKING: NJ judge issues Probable Cause criminal summons vs. @GovChristie for official misconduct in office #Bridgegate @NBCNewYork"
Casey Michel (investigative journalist) on Twitter: "Trump defended Putin ceaselessly, and refused to recognize a democratic vote. He'll be a fine ex-Soviet autocrat in the next life. #debate"
Monmouth OH poll: Clinton 44, Trump 42
Clinton Holds 11-Point Lead in Colorado  Monmouth Poll
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "Its amazing that Im up here after Donald. I didnt think hed be OK with a peaceful transition of power." Hillary at the #AlSmithDinner
Richard Hine: "Trump: Don't judge me on the man I was 10 years ago. But please judge Hillary on the man her husband was 20 years ago #TrumpTape"
Richard N. Haass (President, Council on Foreign Relations) on Twitter: "Defining feature of american democracy is legitimacy of vote & peaceful transfer of power. World will note that this is no longer a given"
Paul Ryan might still fully rescind his endorsement before Nov. 8, sources told POLITICO.
Showing Confidence, Hillary Clinton Pushes Into Republican Strongholds
The Noose
It's November 8... When do they call it?
45
New Rasmussen National Poll, Clinton 45, Trump 38. 7 point gain.
WMUR poll: Clinton widens lead to 15 percentage points over Trump in Granite State
Merced (CA) Sun-Star: Hillary Clinton should be our next president
Hillary Clinton supporters explain their vote: 'She's the best person for the job'
Donald Trump's Lead Is Not Bigger In Texas
Former PEOPLE Writer Natasha Stoynoff Speaks After Trump Controversy: 'We Cannot Be Silent Anymore'
Study: Bots accounted for a third of all pro-Trump Twitter activity during the debate
Why should I vote for Hillary Clinton.
Hillary Clinton's pantsuits for the presidential debates have been red, white, and blue.
People magazine plans story that backs reporter's assault claims
lvdjgarcia on Twitter: Dear Dems: That anger & outrage youre feeling right now? Hold on to it, use it to fuel efforts to elect Hillary, a Dem House & a Dem Senate
So Donald Trump lost more than $50mm of daddy's money by the age of 33. Born on 3rd base, stranded on 1st.
Never thought I'd vote for Hillary.
Til that Hillary's website sells champaign flutes. Unfortunately, they're sold out right now.
2 Women Accuse Donald Trump of Groping Them: 'It Was an Assault'
Salute to the motherfuckin president
It's The Ten Vote Commandments
White Stripes Disgusted That Seven Nation Army Has Any Association With Trump.
Dammit, he's crawling back again. SUPPORT SUPPORT SUPPORT!
Trump for Prison
Proudest moment of my adult life: voting for Hillary Clinton
Glenn Beck Says Michelle Obama Delivered 'The Most Effective Political Speech' Since Reagan
Ziwe on Twitter: "and THIS is the "Jim Halpert look" America has been waiting for"
What I worry about post-defeat is a scenario like this. is so incredibly irresponsible. (Yes i stole that for Cher, and i recommend we all stop calling him by name.)
Yulia Tymoshenko, Ukraine's Clinton
Hillary Clinton Responds, With Fervor, to Girls Question on Body Image: A 15-year-old girl: "I see with my own eyes the damage Donald Trump does when he talks about women"
Revealing no understanding of Mormonism whatsoever, Trump said McMullin has been campaigning "coffee shop to coffee shop" in Utah.
My Halloween costume this year is going to be eeuge.
I did a sniffle count while watching the debate
Shushannah Walshe(ABC News) on Twitter: Bernie Sanders on Hillary Clinton fundraiser audio released yday: "What she was saying is absolutely correct." @ThisWeekABC #ThisWeek
Bruce Springsteen on Trump: Hes such a flagrant, toxic narcissist that he wants to take down the entire democratic system with him if he goes.
GOP will block Supreme Court nominees for Clinton, too: "I promise you that we will be united against any Supreme Court nominee that Hillary Clinton, if she were president, would put up," McCain said.
Michael Cohen on Twitter: "If Clinton wanted to troll Trump she'd have her campaign place full size pictures of his father around the debate hall"
Trump insults women for entertainment
The Miami Herald recommends Hillary Clinton for president of the United States
Jonah Peretti (BuzzFeed) on Twitter: Surprised Ivanka would be shocked by lewd language. I met her once & she casually said: "I've never seen a mulatto cock, but I'd like to!"
Clinton expands push to red states with weeks left in the election
Can Trump create millions of jobs? Don't bet on it. A study of the three casinos Donald Trump owned in Atlantic City shows they performed far worse than their rivals, losing more jobs and revenue.
Of course Bernie Sanders should pressure Clinton from the left. Heres why.
Throwback: Three years ago, Trump tried to boycott Glenfiddich whiskey. Slainte!
She completely owned this night.
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: This is horrific. We cannot allow this man to become president.
Phil Mattingly on Twitter: Text from a battleground staffer, who was with colleagues when the Post story hit. "Gasps. Collective gasps. There's no way to spin this."
Clinton has double-digit lead in new national poll; Hillary Clinton holds a 10-point national lead over Donald Trump with less than three weeks remaining in the race for the White House, according to a Colby College-Boston Globe poll released Wednesday.
CBS Evening News on Twitter: "BREAKING: CBS confirms Trump national political director Jim Murphy has left the campaign."
Enough is enough: the 2016 election is now a referendum on male entitlement; Donald Trumps inflated masculinity and unabashed claim over womens bodies speaks to female voters lived experiences and, hopefully, mens need for change.
NEW Monmouth Univ NEVADA poll of LV's: Clinton leads by 7points.
Apologies to all
Nate Silver on Twitter: People really need to check on house effects when comparing polls. For instance, CNN polls have had a 2-3 point Trump lean so far this year.
Sanders: My emails would be just as bad about Clinton
#ImWithHer
Katy Perry will ROAR for Hillary Clinton, with a performance to get out the vote in Philly on 11/5, the Saturday before Election Day
Unable to control himself, Trump confirms everyones worst fears
Third party voting summed up
No more': Evangelical women are done with Donald Trump and his misogyny
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: #DebateNight
Clinton-Trump probably won't be the next Dewey defeats Truman.
Can Clinton win Utah? Poll shows her tied with Trump and independent
CNN/ORC Poll: who won the debate? Clinton 57% to Trump 34%
Down Goes r/The_Donald!!!! Look how afraid they are to post on their own sub
Poll: 8-in-10 Trump backers say paying taxes is 'civic duty'
The hidden meaning behind Clinton's white debate outfit
Amid 'rigged' election charges, Russia wants to monitor U.S. vote
If only men voted. Ashamed to say I'm one of them
Evening Roundtable - 10/17
I converted two Republicans earlier this week
The polls are split between Hillary Clinton winning and  Hillary Clinton winning in a landslide
Why's Trump in trouble? He's underperforming Mitt Romney
Hillary Clinton should be our next president
James O'Keefe to attend debate as Trump's guest
Time to throw out the civility
Clinton Probably Finished Off Trump Last Night
Guess who else uses private email?
Sally Kohn on Twitter "Wow, seriously, @HillaryClinton's #AlSmithDinner speech is one of best I've ever seen her give. She's relaxed, affable and authentic."
World Leaders Watched Debate. Here's What They Say..
Donald Trump: Tax Code Genius-The Daily Show with Trevor Noah - Video Clip | Comedy Central
Assange October Surprise... my book is 40% off!!!
It's official for me, now VOTE AZ!!
Hillary Clinton wins third presidential debate, according to CNN / ORC poll (52% to 39%)
The 2016 Race Is Over | Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump confirmed everything we already knew about them: She is presidential. He is not.
Emerson Polling: McMullin +4 in Utah (lol)
ARIZONA is now a pure toss-up according to Polls-Plus, we're only behind by .1%!
Per Harry Enten: Clinton up 15 in new AP/GFK poll
Inappropriate and offensive: Ivanka Trump speaks out on father's lewd 2005 comments
The line to vote in Hope Mills NC
Trump on sex assault allegations: 'I am a victim'
Found this on my apartment door. My apartment complex has "no soliciting" policy, yet I'm not surprised this was on everyone's doors agains their will. Oh, and I ripped it... Oops. (Arlington, VA)
Trump Is Wrong, Little Haiti Goes for Hillary 19 to 1
Jeb Bush on Twitter: As the grandfather of two precious girls, I find that no apology can excuse away Donald Trump's reprehensible comments degrading women.
Garry Kasparov on Twitter: Trump's "President Day 1" checklist: 1 Jail opponent. 2 Media crackdown. 3 Support Assad. Coincidentally, that was also Putin's checklist.
Hillary Clinton 4 years ago.
"Clinton path to 300+ rock solid. Structure of race not affected by Comey's reckless irresponsibility. Vote and volunteer, don't fret or wet" - David Plouffe
Clinton up 43-39 in Florida in new poll
The End of the Final Debate
As Bernie Sanders heads to IA to campaign today, he writes an oped in the Quad-City Times: "On November 8, the choice is clear. Hillary Clinton for president."
Michael Moore's 'October Surprise': New Anti-Trump, Pro-Hillary Film
Thats it, I can no longer support Hillary Clinton.
Gave money to Bernie, Giving Money to Hillary, and just Voted for her too!
The New Yorker: The Illuminating but Unsurprising Content of Clintons Paid Speeches -- She's a Cautious Centrist with Advisers who Think About Policy
After tonight's debate (didn't support Hillary prior to this)
New Poll Shows Clinton Leads Trump by 4 Points in Alaska
Ive come to admire Hillary Clinton. What on earth happened? -- She's not perfect, but she has the qualities we need in a president.
Fox News National Poll: Hillary up 6
For anyone who wants to make their own "I'm With Nasty Woman" t-shirt...
Trump Is OK With Calling Ivanka a Piece of Ass and Other Horrible Things He Told Howard Stern
GOP tries to declare the winner of the debate 2 hours before it begins.
The importance of donating
Don Lemon's discussion of implicit bias just now was amazing.
Donald Trump vs. American Democracy: Hes desperate for a reason to explain why hes losing.
I'm boycotting PayPal-Peter Thiel to Donate $1.25 Million in Support of Donald Trump
Osama Bin Laden's death announcement interrupts "The Celebrity Apprentice" (May 1, 2011)
Hillary Calls Trump Tape Horrific
Clintons Greatest Debate Accomplishment Was Ignoring Trump as He Lurked Behind Her
Limited by Johnson and Stein, Clinton still tops Trump in new Florida poll
Hillary Clinton Speech at Little Rock AME Zion Church in Charlotte (10/2/2016)
What you may not know about the polls and why they shouldn't be taken at face value
Louis C.K on Hillary: "I dont think she needs any advice from anybody. Shes unbelievable. [She
Bernie Sanders to Campaign for Hillary Clinton on the University of Arizona Campus on Tuesday
Sopan Deb (@cbsnews) on Twitter: "This might get buried but Trump accused the Iraqi military of going into Mosul to make Hillary Clinton look good. Quite a thing to say."
If you are praying for an #OctoberSurprise or a terror attack, you might be rooting for the wrong candidate. You may also be a bad person.
Does anyone have a video clip with Hilliary Clinton attacking Donald Trump and getting a huge applause afterwards?
Updated Sabato Forecast Gives Clinton 352 Electoral Votes. Iowa, Utah, and Maine 2nd Tossups
Kaine calls for broad rethink to combating poverty
Will Democrats Try to Tie the GOP to Trump? Could It Work?
Represent. With pride!
Kickback Allegations at Trump Tower
neontaster on Twitter: "Getting booed offstage at a charity dinner 19 days before an election is a common tactic in 8-dimensional chess, cucks."
Donald Trumps astonishing, damaging refusal to accept the fundamental premise of American elections
The Trump Supporter Starter Pack
The Lead CNN on Twitter: ""You can't polish this turd" @VanJones68 on #Trump possibly not accepting election results "
Longtime Donald Trump surrogate Newt Gingrich on Thursday smacked down the Republican nominee, saying little Trump is frankly pathetic.
Report: Mike Pence considering quitting the Donald Trump ticket
Donald Trump to Howard Stern: It's okay to call my daughter a 'piece of ass'
Donald Trump's collapse has Democrats eyeing once safe Republican seats
Donald Trump wins the Nobel Peace Prize. Optimistic fiction.
Woman says Trump groped her at Mar-A-Lago
Foreign Policy breaks with tradition to endorse Hillary Clinton
How Donald Trump Turned the Tax Code Into a Giant Tax Shelter
Paul Krugman (NY Times) on Twitter: If we don't hear more from Comey, we just have to conclude that he was trying to swing election. And *that* should be the story.
Former Miss USA contestant: Trump barged into room when we were naked | He walked in, he stood and he stared. He was doing it because he knew that he could."
Kellyanne Conway tried to dub Clinton "Magic 46" because she supposedly can't break 46% in the polls. Clearly she got Hillary confused with someone else.
Chris Wallace And The Banality Of Conservative Dishonesty
"We are black, we are proud, and heres why we are working to elect Hillary." Hillary for America staffers on why they're with her
Body language expert says Trumps lurking a pre-assault indicator: I was really getting nervous
And They Were Offended to Be Called Deplorables...
Seth MacFarlane: "South Park's Family Guy episode was funny. So was SNL. If I can take it, a Presidential candidate can. Sack up."
Gideon Resnick (Reporter @thedailybeast) on Twitter: "Katrina Pierson when pressed on Trump's ban: "So what? They're Muslim.""
Clinton Says Her White Grandchildren Are Spared the Fearful Experiences Many Black Children Face: "Every child deserves the same sense of security. Every child deserves the same hope."
My two cents on the Donald Trump situation
Donald Trump Finds Worst Possible Character Witness To Dispute Assault Allegations
Millennial Spotting at FL Hillary Rally
Des Moines Register's endorsement: Clinton a vote for American values
'who i'm voting for president' - endorsement from one of YouTube's biggest stars.
Thought this was appropriate tonight - this is the letter written to Bill Clinton from George H. W. Bush on Inauguration Day 1993
If Trump Drops Out, The Result Will Be A Horrible Legal Quagmire
President Donald Trumps Team of Terribles Would Bring Bridgegate to Oval Office: Secretaries Christie, Flynn, Gingrich, Giuliani, and Junior could all live up to the high bar their candidate has set for being dangerous and reckless.
NEW Monmouth Univ WISCONSIN poll of LV's: Clinton leads by 7points
Trump lead in Idaho down to 10%, survey predates the leaked tapes.
Hillary Clinton Picks Up Support From Women, Swing Voters to Build Lead
'I'm just a Bill' could teach Donald quite a lot... (x-post /r/politicalhumor)
"Rump"
Can't wait to wear this to the polls!
Donald Trump Made It Clear Sunday Night He Has No Intention Of Being President
Kurt Eichenwald on twitter: Word from inside @FBI. FURIOUS at Comey, think he's mishandled public revelations from get go. "Outrageous incompetence" one agent told me.
Hillary's record vs. Trump's record
Effectiveness Of Elizabeth Warren As Hillary Clinton Surrogate
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "Tim Kaine is right: We should stop praising Putin. #VPDebate" (Video)
Trump's defense on taxes should be a yuge red flag for his supporters, for multiple reasons.
Never trust a conservative. Every single outraged Republican will vote Trump in the safety of a voting booth.
Ivanka Trump says being a mother is a womans most important job.
Gavin Newsom on Twitter: "Thank you, @HillaryClinton. Sensible gun reforms do not mean your 2nd amendment right is being taken away. It means saving lives."
I present to you, the Trumpet.
Ana Navarro rips Trump, surrogates, and apologists a new one and it's beautiful.
daveweigel (WaPo) on Twitter: "Strange of Trump to invite the Benghazi mom to the debate so she could watch him make Hillary Clinton president."
Late Night Roundtable - 10/04
BREAKING: Hillary Clinton is Going on the Air in TEXAS!
Bernie Sanders: Heres what Ill do the day after the election (The Boston Globe)
Election 2016: Polls continue to show tough map for Donald Trump
Vogue Endorses Hillary Clinton for President of the United States
Women will be the reason
Bloomberg/Selzer National Poll. Clinton 47, Trump 38, Johnson 8
Hillary Made One Big Mistake in the Debate: Promising Not to Raise the National Debt
The etymology of "trump" is fascinating, relevant and funny. Read it in the comment section.
Why should I vote for Hillary? I am undecided voter in SC.
Cecile Richards on Twitter "I am so proud to stand with @HillaryClinton. She could not have been more poised or presidential. #SheWon #Debate #ImWithHer "
New QPac National Poll: Clinton 47, Trump 40
Stephen King on Twitter "My newest horror story: Once upon a time there was a man named Donald Trump, and he ran for president. Some people wanted him to win."
Politico: 6 things Trump definitely said that Pence claimed he didnt
Women, independents flee Trump, propelling Clinton in polls
538: Clinton Probably Finished Off Trump Last Night
Trump Facebook Group Calls for "Execution" of Jews and Blacks
BREAKING: Court forces Ohio to allow most illegally purged voters to cast ballots
Wow. It is finally sinking in that in 8 days we could (will) have our first female president.
Bernie Sanders Explains Why A Vote For Clinton Helps 'Our Revolution'
(((Harry Enten))) on Twitter: "Live look at the Trump campaign..."
Oprah: You dont have to like her'
Michael Reagan (Son of President Ronald Reagan) Retracts His Donald Trump Endorsement & He's Not The Only Republican To Say "Enough Is Enough"
Hillary's Gay 'Nephew': Aunt Hillary Helped Me Come Out
It has really been sinking in lately, and it is ELECTRIFYING: the next POTUS will be a WOMAN.
9 Days
Paul Krugman on Twitter: "I think I'm seeing a shift in media narrative, from hyping the supposedly close election to Trump disaster porn. This could be a big deal."
IBD poll gives Trump a Lead... Does anyone knows about this? Please make phone calls, go out and Vote!
Feels good man.
Hillary for North Carolina on Twitter: Polls are officially open. #NCVotesEarly
Trump lead falls from 12 down to 3 in Kentucky
Opinions are like assholes
New Clinton tool lets supporters auto-donate every time Trump tweets
Sean Hannity Freaks Out After Megyn Kelly Mocks Him As Trump's Safe Space
Bill Weld on Comey letter: "If you don't know, keep your mouth shut. I think it's disgraceful."
Just wanted to high-five myself by saying my wife and I both mailed our CA Hillary votes in this morning. Match me!
Trump supporters are asked about 2016 election rigging and... just remember these people are actually voting.
WATCH: New Hillary Clinton ad demolishes every Mike Pence lie from vice presidential debate
Gazette opinion: Why Montanans should pick Clinton
Trump's Terrible Week Continues: A Closer Look
Undocumented immigrants pay more taxes than Trump
Trump's performance tonight was great. Just what I needed to fully support Hillary as our next President.
Blunt opens up lead on Kander in new poll - The Missouri Times
Donald Trump's Abortion Fanfic: The GOP candidate vowed to overturn Roe v. Wade and drummed up ghastly images of babies ripped from wombspeddling in the worst kind of anti-abortion myths.
Donald Trump Accuser Says She's Fleeing Country Because She's Scared for Her Life
Last time I was on this subreddit I was still feeling the emotions of the primary, now I have come to Enthusiastically support Hillary.
Conservative Ben Howe on Twitter: Theres been more dirt dug up on Ken Bone during the last few days than was dug up on Trump during the entire primary season. #priorities
Attacked by Donald Trump - A *PEOPLE* Writer's Story
PGN Exclusive: Hillary Clinton addresses LGBT equality in op-ed
Yes, theres a rigged election: The one that ensures a Republican House majority
HRC on Twitter: "Spoiler alert: He was actually wrong. "
Angelo Carusone on Twitter "From tonight's Trump rally:"
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: There are a lot of bullies in this world. The last thing we need is one in the White House.
Just to get down to a 50% shot at victory, Hillary's chances would now have to drop even more sharply than in any other 19 days in the general campaign
Nearly half of the top post titles on /r/The_Donald are in all caps
Reid: FBI director 'may have broken the law'
Blazing through the BS
"Yeah, I heard. Yep. I know. I'm an idiot. Totally got this one wrong. Career killer for sure. Terrible instincts. Uh huh. Love you too, honey."
Hillary Clinton on 'Ellen': Don't think this election is over
Place your bets! How many Russians will downvote this?
North Carolina Tomorrow (October 20th) is the start of Early Voting! Find Early Voting sites near you today using this link. Most will not be open tomorrow-be prepared!
I've never been so excited to get mail. Happy to be making history.
The Washington Post: The GOP declares debate victory for Mike Pence, 90 minutes before it starts
Yep.
Election Update: Clinton's Lead Is Becoming Safer
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: Try our new tool! See how much you'd pay in federal income taxes if you paid the same as "billionaire" Donald Trump.
Clinton up 9 in Virginia
Trump confessed to sexual assault. LOCK HIM UP!
What A Trump Presidency Would Wreak On Europe And The Middle East By Carl Bildt Former Prime Minister Of Sweden
A Proposal to Bernie or Bust
I'm done with Trump.
Trump, Brexit, and the Future of Nationalist Populism in the US and Europe
The Daily Show - Back in Black - Getting Out the Millennial Vote
Genuine question : why do all trump supporters think everyone else is conspiring on everything against Trump
Marla Maples swore if Donald Trump ran for President, she'd take him down. Now it appears she has.
PRRI National Poll: Clinton leads Trump 51 - 36 (+15!)
New PPP Wisconsin Poll: Clinton +12, Feingold +6.
ABC News on Twitter: 56% of Clintons backers in new @ABC tracking poll say theyre voting to support her, not oppose Trump, a new high
Sam Stein on Twitter: And.... anti-Trump, pro-Clinton group files a DoJ complaint against Comey for election interference
What I think of every time one of these guys get in front of a news camera
The real 4d Chessmaster
Another Woman Shares the Horror Stories of Working for Donald Trump
2016 Vice-Presidential Debate - Tuesday, October 4, 2016
New Yorker cartoon by Bent Schwartz: "Finish Him".
This political ad from the 60's sounds so terribly familiar, you'll gasp
Newsweek: Vice president Joe Biden worries public sexism will grow if Hillary Clinton becomes president
Sally Kohn (CNN) on Twitter: Impossibly hard for Tim Kaine to debate someone who keeps running away from everything his running mate has said. #VPDebate
Trump supporters--men with dogs--showed up at early voting polling place in Cincinnati to intimidate black voters. Yelling matches ensued.
The Case For A New National Holiday: Election Day
I make a comic strip and we recently endorsed Secretary Clinton. We made this for other HRC supporters to share to help counter some of the negative portrayals of her out there.
Hillary Clinton Photographs: Stories Behind Greatest Portraits
The Choice 2016: Clinton and Trump. Worth the 2 hour watch.
RNC Proclaims Mike Pence The Winner More Than An Hour Before The Debate
David Leavitt on Twitter: "Removing a baby "1 or 2 or 3 or 4 days before birth" is called a C-Section, not an abortion. #ImWithHer #debate"
Politico/Morning Consult (Post-Comey) Poll - Clinton +3 "Comey's letter has not moved the polls"
There's a new silent majority, and it's voting for Hillary Clinton
Trump's downvote brigade tried to hide this: PolitiFact rules Trump lied about the FBI investigation.
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: @TimKaine's spent his whole life fighting for working families, so I have no doubt he'll do the same tonight. Go get 'em, Tim. -H
CBS/NYT National Poll: Clinton leads by 9 in the four-way, 11 in the head-to-head
Bros4Hillary on Instagram: Hey #Georgia! We need you, yes YOU, to make sure you #register to #vote! Did you know #Georgians could have a huge impact on November's presidential #election?
GOTV Roundtable - 10/19  Wisconsin and Massachusetts: Today is the last day to register to vote
Michael Weiss (Daily Beast) on Twitter: Trump just admitted that he pays no personal income tax.
Wrote Hillary to see if she'd wish my wife a happy 30th birthday, and holy smokes she came through!
(((Yair Rosenberg))) (Senior writer, @tabletmag) on Twitter: "Obama's Kenyan half-brother wants to abolish Israel and backs Hamas, which advocates Jewish genocide. Trump is bringing him to the debate."
A Hillary Clinton secret: lots of voters really like her
Trump just told everyone to go vote on November 28
Elizabeth Warren on Twitter: ".@HillaryClinton doesnt whimper, whine, or run to twitter at 3am. She keeps fighting for those who need her. Thats why #ImWithHer. #debate"
Troll Trump: Donate to Hillarys campaign every time Donald tweets!
Can You Guess Whether Donald Trump Or An Actual Dictator Said These Things?
Nevada Poll shows Joe Heck and Catherine Cortez Masto are in close race for U.S. Sen. Harry Reids seat
Rihanna endorses Hillary Clinton in the coolest, most Rihanna-y way possible
The New Yorker's take on Hillary's debate prep (with ninjas)
McCain walks back pledge to block Clinton Supreme Court nominee
Mike Pence just revealed the core weakness of Trumps candidacy
Jamelle Bouie on Twitter "There's no doubt that Pence is a great performer. But for 90 minutes, he lied about everything his running mate said."
BREAKING- Public Policy Polling NEW Florida Poll: Clinton-46% Trump-42% Johnson-5% Stein-1%
We need to start a campaign urging all media outlets, beginning the moment the election is called for Clinton, to cut Trump's microphone if he starts in about election fraud, calling the election illegitimate, refusing to concede, or advocating violence.
Trump's Clueless Debate Answers Spawn Hilarious #TrumpBookReport Tweets
"Hamilton" Parody by Lin-Manuel Miranda and Renee Elise Goldsberry at Hillary Clinton Broadway Fundraiser
Hillary Clinton on Twitter ""President Hillary Clinton on her worst day would be so superior to a President Donald Trump on any day.""
Hillary Remains Dominant
Marlow Stern (Daily Beast) on Twitter: .@Lin_Manuel and @reneeelisegolds dropping a Hillary Clinton rap #broadwayforhillary
Kyle Griffin (Producer on MSNBC's @TheLastWord) on Twitter: ".@POTUS on fire, hits GOP: "Now suddenly you're OK with your nominee having a bromance with Putin.""
Trump support during presidential debates bolstered by social media bots, research claims
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: Anybody who is suppressing the vote because they know that those people will vote against them is a political coward.
My Husband and I Just Completed Our Mail In Ballots in Nevada
Matt Wilstein on Twitter: One of those Supreme Court justices @realDonaldTrump floated, @SenMikeLee, just unendorsed him
2016 Presidential Town Hall Debate - Tuesday, October 9, 2016
Paul Ryan Attacked Bernie Sanders. It Backfired Spectacularly.
Trumps lead over Clinton in a Texas poll is now within margin...
Senator Tim Kaine on Twitter: If you dont know the difference between dictatorship and leadership, then youve have to go back to a fifth grade civics class. Tim
Question: Why don't Hillary Clinton or Barack Obama take a leadership stance against the Dakota Access Pipeline?
How will Hillary respond to Trump bringing up rape allegations by Paula Broderick?
Steve Weinstein on Twitter: "Clinton afterward went to greet the questioners. The American people. Trump goes to his own clan. Tells you a lot."
Trumps taxes are telling us something: "Trumps taxes are merely a reflection of everything else we know about the man  that he is driven by self-interest, to the exclusion of all else."
Yes She Can...
Kurt Eichenwald on Twitter: Every current/former Dept. of Justice official I speak 2, GOP or Dem, says Comey must resign/be fired 4 election interference. All outraged.
OPINION: The Clinton Campaign Needs to Bring Up Trump University and the molestation case, and it needs to do it now.
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "Glad to hear @mike_pence, his staff, Secret Service, and the crew are all safe. -H"
Maine, Oregon and Pennsylvania considered states that Clinton (will) likely win.
Hombresforhillary
Guy Benson on Twitter: "Biggest problem for Trump amid new allegations: He said on tape this is what he does to women."
"We are Democrats. Lets make some more history"
"My son was not weak"
With 1 month to go: Every Battleground is BLUE on 538. Our hard work is paying off
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump's Debate Tactics: A Flowchart Comparison
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: How can Trump, with a straight face, object to outsourcing while his own company exploits workers around the world to make his products?
Michelle Obama's HEARTBREAKING Speech: 'This Is Not Something That We Can Ignore.'
Donald Trumps Meltdown Is Nearly Complete | His debate performance was disastrous because he succeeded at the only thing he came to accomplish: to pander to his demoralized supporters.
Clinton Says Trump Represents 'Rigged System': "Clinton said there needs to be a law that requires the nominee of the two major parties to release their tax returns."
Still with Hillary. She's not the lesser of two evils, she's a GREAT choice.
Trump and Dictators of the world are of the same cloth.
Donald Trump is Never Gonna Be President Now
12 Times Donald Trump Has Body-Shamed Stars
Teens React to Trump's Access Hollywood Tape
Its Not Okay to Hate Hillary Clinton
Dear friends save America from darkness.
Mark Cuban on Twitter: Cant wait to give a big hug to my bestie @realDonaldTrump at the debate tomorrow night. I know you miss me!
Interesting result from the Fox News Poll. Voters now believe that Clinton is better on every issue. Not included in this pic is "Honest and Trustworthy," Clinton now has a lead there as well.
Matt Hodges on Twitter: "This election isn't close."
Kasich: Rigged election claims are like saying we never landed on the moon
Georgia Has Flipped To Hillary Clinton In New Stunning Electoral Map Projection
A reminder that we're not out of the woods yet... the CNN Focus Group actually said TRUMP won the debate, 10-5!
Gabrielle Giffords on Twitter "@HillaryClinton showed tonight that she is the only candidate in this race who is prepared to be Commander-in-Chief. #debate"
Chelsea Handler on Twitter: The only person with more respect for women than Donald Trump is Bill Cosby. #debate
Bon Jovi will be holding a GOTV concert for Hillary in Pittsburgh, PA on October 27th
David Duke Letter Urges Louisianans To Support Trump-Duke Ticket
How Donald Trump supporters attack journalists
Georgia Senator Johnny Isakson (R): Republicans unlikely to stonewall a President Clinton
Brian Stelter (CNN) on Twitter: The Omaha World-Herald last endorsed a Democrat for president 84 years ago. This weekend: endorsing Hillary Clinton
WSJ Poll: Clinton Leads By 3 In Bellweather Nevada
Kyle Griffin (MSNBC): Statement From Khizr Khan
Well this is encouraging
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "The job of the next president is to bring us together, not divide us up. Sadly, Trump has made bigotry the cornerstone of his campaign."
"She's a flawed candidate."
Erick Erickson: To sum up: Republicans who, four years ago, blasted middle class voters for paying no taxes, are praising Trump for not paying taxes.
Elizabeth Warren on Twitter: "It's not rigged, @realDonaldTrump. You're losing fair & square. Put on your big-boy pants because this is what accountability looks like."
"We have 17 intelligence agencies, civilian and military, who have all concluded that these espionage attacks, these cyberattacks, come from the highest levels of the Kremlin, and they are designed to influence our election."  Hillary Clinton on October 19th, 2016 in the third presidential debate
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: Newspapers that have endorsed @realDonaldTrump: 1. ... 2. ... 3. (Uh, the National Enquirer?)
Hey Arizona! We're counting on YOU!
Bill Maher on Twitter: "CBS News leads with yet another email story, not Trump's subverting democracy itself. Like my dog, media has no clue about the size of things."
New TU National Poll: Small sample size, but interesting result.
Democrats dream the unthinkable: Speaker Pelosi
Clinton campaign sending money to Missouri
Hillary leads by 2 in Nevada and 1 in North Carolina, Trails by four in Ohio.
RNC Declares Pence the Winner of the Debate -- Before It Starts
"Reid says he's talked w/ top NatSec officials who say that Comey possesses explosive information about Trumps ties to Russia" -Sam Stein
Fat Check Him
Meet the janitors who gave up their weekend to campaign for Hillary Clinton in Nevada
There is no evidence that FBI Director James Comey financially benefited from Bill and Hillary Clinton's charitable foundation.
Humphrey Bogart did a better Donald Trump than Alec Baldwin
A Running List Of The Women Who've Accused Donald Trump Of Sexual Assault
WATCH: Michelle Obama taps microphone to mock Trump
Stephen Reacts LIVE To The Third Presidential Debate
THESE are the guys who are going to "clean up" D.C. and bring "ethics reform"??
Kaine vs. Pence: When Midwestern Nice meets Midwestern Lies
My first political post and subreddit ban all in one!
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "We are not going to allow Donald Trump and other demagogues to divide us up. We will stand together."
MAKE AMERICA GROPE AGAIN!
Clinton: Trump confuses leadership and dictatorship
Top Latino group picks Clinton for first-ever endorsement
Bill Clinton (Future First Gentleman) on Twitter: Campaigning across Ohio for @HillaryClinton & stopped at Starting Lineup in Youngstown. No time for a cut but took the chair for a spin!
CNN / ORC poll: Trump should release his tax returns
During the Iraq War, families of the fallen were left behind, so Hillary Clinton pushed for change.
Twitter responds brilliantly after Trump and Clinton ask Muslims to report threats
The Morning Joe set says the Trump tax bombshell is no big deal. Theyre very, very wrong.
Clinton rips into Trump over taxes
Glenn Beck: Michelle Obamas Trump Takedown Was Most Effective Political Speech Since Reagan
Le Tigre show their support for Hillary Clinton with "I'm with Her," their first new song and music video in over a decade.
Dems are building video files, archiving tweets on Republicans who've praised Trump to hit them in 2017, 2018, 2020
Miami-Dade, Florida's largest county: Clinton 58%, Trump 28%
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "This election will have record turnout, because voters see through Trumps shameful attempts to undermine it just weeks before it happens."
New Accuser Comes Forward With Story Of Being Grabbed By Trump At US Open
Ana Navarro on Twitter: "Should Donald Trump drop out of the race? Yes. He should drop out of the human race. He is an animal. Apologies to animals."
Kurt Eichenwald (Newsweek) on Twitter: 1. FBI not reopening the investigation. 2. Comey legally had 2 inform Congress, because he testified they had finished reviewing evidence,
George W. Bush officials endorse Hillary Clinton in open letter
Stephen Colbert on Twitter: "Trump says Clinton's tax plan would double everyone's taxes. Which in Trump's case would still be zero."
Jamison Foser on Twitter: The big arrow indicates the day pundits insisted Donald Trump won the 2nd debate and stopped the bleeding. Keep that in mind tonight.
Carved some Hillary pumpkins!
Bernie Sanders To Campaign For Hillary Clinton In Colorado
No, Hillary Clinton did not lose $6 billion at the State Department
How many seats do we need to pick up in order to take back the Senate?
"What's the over-under on a possible electoral college victory for Clinton? Steve Schmidt: She's 'trending over 400'"
Nate Cohn on Twitter: Trump has a 5 pt lead among voters who have returned NC absentee ballots, according to our estimates. Romney won the NC absentee vote by 33
13 Days
Comey may be under investigation for Clinton letter
Trump likes to talk about how attractive he finds his wives and daughter but I personally think the future POTUS had some old school charm.
The Morons Case For Hillary Clintonbecause some of you really are that stupid.
Live look at the Trump campaign...
Indiana town in uproar after parade float depicts Trump executing Hillary Clinton in electric chair
This Muslim Clinic, Treating Mostly Latinos, Is What 'Makes America Great' Already
McKay Coppins (BuzzFeed) on Twitter: Kaine is not wrong that Pence has consistently avoided defending Trump tonight.
I just wanted to say
Russian Hacker, Wanted by F.B.I., Is Arrested in Prague, Czechs Say
James Comey meme
Donald Trump will say anything to get elected
Kelly Ayotte (R-NH) a few days ago: Trump 'absolutely' a role model for kids
Sniffles on Twitter (2012): "China is cooking up conspiracy theories that the Olympics are rigged. They don't understand why they can't cheat."
If Donald Trump is elected president and Republicans hold onto Congress, House Speaker Paul Ryan is bluntly promising to ram a partisan agenda through Capitol Hill next year, with Obamacare repeal and trillion-dollar tax cuts likely at the top of the list.
Clinton sticks with Obamas strict lobbying rules  for now
When a Man Competes with a Woman
7 Best Moments From Hillary Clintons Broadway Fundraiser
Clinton leads Trump in key swing states
Large, Typically Apolitical YouTuber Casey Neistat Takes a Stand, Endorses Hillary; Encourages Fellow YouTubers to do the Same
CNN talking heads now all having to spin how they said Pence did better only to have their undecided voters group say, nope uh-uh Kaine won
Texting Swing State Voters to Encourage Them to Vote! Via MoveOn.
A short summary of the Vice Presidential Debate.
Trumps angry white men
Ralph Nader Supporters Warn Third-Party Voters: Don't Make The Same Mistake!
I still support Hillary, but the structure of our election system is ridiculous.
Trumps Dangerous Election-Concession Dog-Whistle
Trump, the Next Big Short: For years, business has wanted someone with corporate experience in the White House. Suddenly, that prospect doesnt seem so appealing.
Just how big is Trump? We asked 5 experts to  you guessed it  weigh in: A police chief, a tailor and a carnival veteran help assess the candidate's dimensions
Republicans deserve their sad fate: This is what the GOP gets for devaluing the calling of public service
FBI director James Comey should resign - The Boston Globe
Post-Debate Roundtable
Freedom Caucus Chair: Comey Letter "Probably Not Right Thing To Do" Close To Election
Benjamin Nichols on Twitter: "Here is the infamous photo of two Conservative legends meeting for the first time. Ronald Reagan and Donald Trump. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
Harry Reid Unleashes on Billion-Dollar Loser Trump Over Income Taxes: a Racist, Incompetent Failure
A portrait of people who support Trump: people deluded by conspiracies, angry at their poverty.
Hillary Clinton now more likely to win Texas than lose the election
Trump Gave 10 Times The Legal Limit To Florida Attorney General Via Front Companies
Can I just say how good it feels to now be voting purely out of civic pride and duty and not out of fear?
Unofficial endorsement from Rihanna?
Hillary Clinton even won the online Breitbart poll.
How did Clinton take control of the 2016 election? With the most dominating 3-debate performance we have on record
Donald Trump's Pants on Fire claim of 'large scale voter fraud'
Trump fans heckle 7-year-old girl with disabilities for trying to leave Colorado rally early--oh jeez. :(
So which candidate has the flag on their plane?
Breaking: Former teen mayor of Partridge, Minnesota seen campaigning for Hillary Clinton.
Al Gore to campaign for Clinton, hoping to galvanize young voters on climate change
The Daily Beast: John Oliver Exposes and Eviscerates Wacky Third-Party Candidates Gary Johnson and Jill Stein
Video Shows Donald Trump Joking About Dating A Young Girl When She Gets Older
Voted early for Hillary Clinton and Russ Feingold in Wisconsin. Just a reminder to everyone in WI that we have early voting.
Tom Hanks on why he is voting for Hillary Clinton.
Mike Pence says Clinton-Kaine is an "insult-driven" campaign as Trump tweets insults
Republican Gov. Whitman: Why Clinton is the only choice for president | Opinion
Due Warning
I know this may be a surprise to not a single person here, but I am absolutely disgusted by some of the things being discussed over on the "other" subreddit.
Whoopi Goldberg surprised campaign let Melania Trump talk to same media thats rigging the election
Deplorables: Trump supporters Chanting Lock her up behind CNN Live Set at Debate Ground.
The hideous, diabolical truth about Hillary Clinton (Satire)
Donald Trumps great TV karma: The very thing that created Trump is destroying him
Hillary Clinton on Twitter ""A woman who expresses her emotions oftentimes is questioned...it's part of the subtleand not so subtlebiases that we have. @POTUS"
Guess who just turned a mild blue again in the 538 polls-only forecast!
NEW Poll of the Missouri senate race has democrat Kander 7 points ahead! (B rated pollster)
Hillary Clinton: The case for not sitting out this election, in two maps
"A Trump presidency would be a threat to animals everywhere": The Humane Society endorsed Hillary Clinton
Report: Trump Is Mad at Pence for Being Better Than Him at Debating
Senator Bernie Sanders campaigns for Hillary Clinton at U-M Museum of Art
MRW Trump says his accusers aren't hot enough to be worthy of his sexual aggression.
Post-Debate Roundtable
Just early voted for Hillary in Georgia!
Poll: Clinton up 4 points over Trump in Arizona
Hillary leads Trump in North Carolina by 1 point. Voter turnout is key!
BBC Breaking News: Russia Today bank accounts frozen in UK
"When Trump frames Hillary as a 3rd term of Obama but Obama's approval rating is over 50%"
All the hecklers at Bill, Hillary, and President Obama's rallies explained. They're being paid by Infowars.com.
Trump Campaign Spent Half a Million Dollars on Lawyers  Last Month
Trump Is Scared
Trump campaign signals mud-slinging endgame as Clinton points to GOP unraveling
Hillary Clintons top strategy for responding to Donald Trumps attacks: Dont bother responding
Sad Ted Cruz Phone-Banks For Nominee He Supports, Whomever That Might Be, No Way To Know
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: Day after day Donald Trump insults women and veterans and Mexicans. We need a president that brings us together not divides us up.
[Bill Clinton at Saginaw
Hillary doesn't only rock paint suits. Here's a gorgeous picture of the mother of the bride in Oscar de la Renta.
Beautiful quilt and letter to Hillary (she now has both) --> The American Fabric: A Quilting Groups Response to #ImWithHer
Robert Reich: Why all progressives should vote Hillary
Almost every Star Trek actor / actress just signed a letter and posted it to Trek Against Trump
Hillary Clinton Campaigns in Akron, Ohio
Some people on the alt-right criticize the 45th President for not wearing an American flag during the debates. I'd argue she wore it proudly during all three!
Jesse Tyler Ferguson on Twitter "My takeaway of the #VPDebate: Pence is asking Americans to get behind a candidate who's words he himself can not defend."
McKay Coppins on Twitter: "The Republican presidential nominee just said on a debate stage that he might not accept the results of the election in less than 3 weeks."
Meet Evan McMullin, the Ex-CIA Operative Taking Trump Votes in Utah
Major Disaster: Did Mike Pence Just Blow The Debate When He Got Off His Horse To Go Feed Oats To Tim Kaines Horse?
Here's the 7th Witness Saying Trump likes to molest women
Pumpkin I carved for the Presidential Debate my company asked me to do.
Uhm. Is this the real Rep. Steven Smith's twitter account?
Question: If Hillary wins, does Bill get the @FLOTUS Twitter account?
Clinton Foundation: Those Hacked Files Arent Ours
Donald Trumps contempt for American democracy
Hillary for America statement on tonight's troubling Trump revelations
Hillary Clinton & 9-year-old Zianna Oliphant of Charlotte, who last week made an emotional statement on police killings to the Charlotte City Council.
Tyra Banks: 'Enough of the damn emails'
Bernie Sanders Campaigns for Hillary Clinton in Arizona
I'm willing to listen. Why are Republicans against Democrats? I'm sick of each side calling the other stupid.
Hi all, any current coupon codes for the Hillary online shop?
SurveyMonkey/NBC poll: Clinton maintains solid national lead (+6 in 4-way)
The Onion: Anderson Cooper Begins Debate By Giving Trump Opportunity To Explain What The Fuck Is Wrong With Him
Energized donors push Team Clinton near $1 billion mark
Clinton Energizes Vegas Latinos  With Vicente Fernandez And Los Tigres Del Norte
Jennifer Lopez will get loud for Clinton in Miami
Upstaged much?
I Just Donated $15 in Response to Comey's Transparent Attempt to Swing the Election. MATCH ME.
Donald Trump Is Wrong on Mosul Attack, Military Experts Say - NYTimes.com
Late Night Roundtable - 10/09
Slayin' it..
8 Days
Clinton beating Trump in Breitbart's post-debate poll
Father, Husbandand Proud, Pro-Hillary Feminist
Kyle Griffin (Producer on MSNBC's @TheLastWord) on Twitter: "Trump campaign adviser Mike Flynn is retweeting an account that says Clinton's a murderer:"
PSA Beware Rampant Voter Fraud
(((Harry Enten))) on Twitter: Tim Kaine whipping out the "Mexican thing" @realDonaldTrump style
2016 Presidential Debate - Wednesday, October 19, 2016
Donald Trump Encourages His Supporters To Vote Twice
Musician John Legend to campaign for Clinton in Cincinnati and Dayton, Ohio
Came home to my sign like this and instantly donated $15 to Hillary's campaign in that person's honor. Now you match me! I'm fired up!
I'd give my husband #Trump's message about #PTSD but he died by suicide 3yrs ago & I have to drive 5hrs to his grave
Trevor Noah: "The trump tapes shouldn't offend you on behalf of females. It should offend you as a human being."
Biden: Trump 'completely uninformed' on veterans and PTSD
New USA TODAY/RTV Poll Finds Clintons Support Among Millennials Grows
It's over folks!
Federal judge accuses Detzner of trying to disenfranchise voters
Trump asked Muslims to be more Islamophobic during the presidential debate
U.S. government officially accuses Russia of hacking campaign to influence elections
A More Familiar Monster: It's tempting to view Mike Pence as the moderate side-kick to Donald Trump. He's not.
Karen Macek | Hillary Clinton ad | "The most difficult thing is not that my daughter has disabilities and it's not the hospital stays; it's the way other people look at her. Seeing Mr. Trump talk about people with disabilities and specifically about that reporter was just galling."
Hillary Clinton's Lead up to 12% in today's NOLA/Lucid tracking poll - 47% to 35%
Hillary Clinton on Twitter "In one week, Trump has: Lost a debate Attacked a woman at 5 am on Twitter Had his net worth downgraded and more:"
Should she shake his hand at the debate tomorrow?
First draft Bernie or bust post
Hillary Clinton Loved SNL Debate, Thought Alec Baldwins Trump Was Perfect
Was a Trump Server Communicating With Russia? Computer Scientists Find Disturbing Patterns to Moscow
Despite emails, Republicans still think Trump will lose. Heres why.
JetBlue just blatantly ripping up the Clinton HQ talking points...
5 Reasons Why Donald Trump Is Wrong About A 'Rigged' Election : NPR
Lee Daniels Talks New Campaign Ad for Clinton
The swing state polls are starting to look good for Clinton
Today was "take your daughter to vote" day
Hillary Clinton Was a Model of Grace and Poise Throughout a Disgusting Ordeal
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: Honest work deserves honest pay. Everyone should have the right to join a strong union that will always have your back.
Angus Johnston: "I'd like to hear just one Republican say he's disavowing Trump to set an example for his son."
Debate Fact Check: Trump Wrong in Saying Clinton People Committed Criminal Act at Rally
what would happen if Trump lunged at Sec. Clinton tonight?
Clinton: I take no satisfaction in Trump implosion
Poll: Clinton retakes 11-point lead over Trump in Michigan
STUMPED: Trump's Own Supporters Admit That They Won't Win Virginia
Washington Post Editorial Board: Mike Pence struggles to defend the indefensible
A Profile of a Trump supporter - Finally. Someone who thinks like me.
Stephen Colbert on Twitter: "TrumpTV show idea. "Rigged" - Donald Trump fails at things and blames everybody but himself."
Reuters Politics on Twitter: "JUST IN: 50 of 54 economists said Clinton's platform likely to generate best U.S. economic outcome in long-term - Reuters poll"
President Obama on Twitter: Just like Michelle says, when they go low, we go high. @HillaryClinton went high and showed why she'll be a POTUS for all Americans.
9 Percent? WTH?? How Does Trump get above Zero?
Where do you find the most unbiased news?
I was just banned from r/thedonald for having an opinion, messaged the mods to ask what rule I broke and was muted by them for 72 hours..
A note on Director Comey's letter, from Hillary for America Chair John Podesta
Trump's Conspiracy Theories
GOP strategists: Clinton has grip on electoral votes needed
Putin Ally Tells Americans: Vote Trump or Face Nuclear War
In times like this with Trump still running we need to remember these words by Bernie
Hillary on Trump on walls and Miss Universe: "I loved that he went down to Mexico and he choked"
Trump in 2013: We must 'leave borders behind' because future of US 'depends on a cohesive global economy'
Since moving to Arizona 2 years ago I never thought my vote would matter, thank you Mr.Trump for fixing that. #TurnArizonaBlue
Alex Burns (NYT) on Jerry Falwell Jr. cutting anti-Trump story from student newspaper: "This politically correct censorship on college campuses has gone too far"
Will Jordan (YouGov) on Twitter: Paul Ryan favorability rating among REPUBLICANS Last week: +23 This week: -5
Martin O'Malley on Twitter "@HillaryClinton is a fighter. And she just proved, once again, that she's the only candidate who has what it takes to be POTUS. #Debate"
Be kind to Trump supporters - they need our help
We scored the town hall debate and Hillary Clinton won
Breaking News: Trumps debate plan to seat Bill Clintons accusers in family box was thwarted
What Mike Pence thinks vs. What Donald Trump says
Former Beauty Queen: Contestants Were Forced To Greet Trump Even When Not Fully Dressed
Josh Jordan (Forbes) on Twitter: YouGov Georgia poll: Clinton 47 Trump 44 Wow.
Hillary destroys Rudy Giuliani. Look at his face while the audience laughs
Clinton leads with men for the first time in new national poll
GOP congressman on Clinton: 'A lady needs to be told when she's being nasty'
Garry Kasparov (Chairman of the Human Rights Foundation , 13th World Chess Champion) on Twitter: "Trump refusing to accept election results & his loyalty to Putin are the same plan to weaken US. He's Putin's stooge. He confessed on stage."
Ryan Godfrey on Twitter: "Mr. @realDonaldTrump please tell me, an inspector of elections for one of the 1,687 Philly city divisions, specifically how it'll be stolen."
Cast of 'Empire' endorses Clinton
Applying for a job at Trump Airlines be like...
So on Donald Trump's own website, he praises Canada's healthcare system...
Republican Senator Jeff Flake on Twitter: America deserves far better than @realDonaldTrump
Fact Check Four Pinocchios: Trumps bizarre claim that the Clinton email controversy is bigger than Watergate
Hello r/HillaryClinton! I have been lurking for months and thought you guys might like to see my post on my Facebook as to why I am supporting Secretary Clinton! Taking flack from Trump and former Berners but it was worth it!
Is Team Clinton systematically gutting Trump before our eyes?
A poll of 1000 Canadians finds 84% support Hillary Clinton to 16% for Trump. In Quebec, it's 94% to 6%.
What Does Trumps Candidacy Say About Our Capacity for Good and Evil? | Eric Kandel
Indisputable, conclusive proof that Donald Trump is a Russian plant!
How much damage could a President Trump do? We can only begin to imagine.
Some of us have been working to get Hillary Clinton elected President for 10 years!
Stephen Helps President Obama Polish His Rsum
Donald Trump thinks SNL is rigging the election and should be canceled
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: "We have to win this election."
Mormon Democrats of America Endorses Hillary Clinton for President
Sen. Jeff Flake (R-AZ) on Twitter: "States, backed by tens of thousands of GOP and DEM volunteers, ensure integrity of electoral process. Elections are not rigged."
Ben White (Politico) on Twitter: CNN focus of group of undecideds awards the #VPDebate to Tim Kaine
Me on the morning of November 8
Put her in jail!
Clintons lead in Virginia edges up after debate, 42-35, gaining support among Independents and Millennials
How Hackers Broke Into John Podesta and Colin Powells Gmail Accounts
International Humanitarian Law, Rule 20: Advance Warning prior to Attack
USA TODAY on Twitter: Clinton: "I will defend Planned Parenthood. I will defend Roe v. Wade."
One Pennsylvania County Sees The Future, And Not Everyone Likes It [An Article About Why Trump Will Lose Pennsylvania
Ashby Law on why US elections are not rigged (with tweets)  DemFromCT
Yet another poll shows that Trumps economic populism is not all that popular: The Chicago Council on Global Affairs' latest report demonstrates the hard limits of economic populism in America.
Trump threatens to sue over attack ad
Could a President Clinton Be Tough on Wall St.? Her Staffs Emails Hint Yes
HRC Campaign Official statement in response to Trump's Presser Stunt
Hillary releases new ad: "Where does Trump get his talking points from? Often this alt-right conspiracy theorist, Alex Jones."
Three new polls show the tide turning in Catherine Cortez Masto's favor in the Nevada Senate race
Hillary Suffering Fools, but Not Gladly
Bill Clinton: Im a white southerner  I know what Make America Great Again means
The Ever-Growing List of Hillary Clinton Endorsements
Doing my duty for Ohio
National poll: Independents help Clinton build lead
Senator Tim Kaine on Twitter "Hillary and I have a plan to generate enough renewable energy to power every home in America by 2020. Read it here"
Clinton proposes $500 million federal program to combat bullying
The Khans' Response To Donald Trump's Debate Comment About Their Son Shows What It Really Means To Be An American
Donald Trump Made It Clear -- Again -- That He's Unfit For The Presidency
Wear white on Nov 8
Todd Zwillich on Twitter "Hillary is currently up by 20 pts in *Breitbart's* post debate online poll."
The New York Times Editorial Board: Social Security at Stake on November 8th  Hillary Clinton has a rational plan for fixing Social Security. Donald Trumps approach would inevitably lead to insolvency.
Trump Kicks Out 'Sleazebag' Reporter For Asking About Sexual Assault Allegations
Evangelical Leaders Urge Vote Against Donald Trump: The 'Integrity Of Our Faith Hangs In The Balance'
Luis A. Miranda, Jr. on Twitter "Most imp lesson VP debate given by @timkaine "let women make decisions over their own body." @GovPenceIN wants 2 force his pro-life belief"
"Who cares!": Trump supporting Congressman loses cool when told the public wants to see Trumps taxes.
Glen McGregor on Twitter: "CNN says Pence is considering quitting. Holy F***"
Confessions of a Trump Fact-Checker -- One Month, 253 Trump Untruths
Clinton takes command of swing-state map
Donald Trumps unpatriotic campaign
Bernie Sanders taps his donor network to raise nearly $2 million in two days for House, Senate contenders
Trump has Freudian slip, accidentally tells Florida crowd to vote on 28 November: Cyber Monday.
Miami-Dade's Republican mayor: I am voting for Clinton
Hillary Clinton: Why America Is Exceptional
Can Trump pull off a Brexit-style upset? - BBC News - this, right now, is probably my biggest fear
Jorge Ramos Wants You To Know What Makes Trump So Dangerous
Full Speech: Hillary Clinton Rally in Columbus, Ohio (10/10/2016) Hillary Columbus Ohio Speech (Dude Yells 'We Lover You!' 1:30)
Flashback: On Tuesday, Reince Priebus said Trump was a role model
Donald Trump Says Five Wrongly Accused Minorities Are Guilty, Despite DNA Evidence
Jaylon | Hillary Clinton
Clinton Campaign might need to address this new wikileak
Federal Law says it is a FELONY to do everything Trump and his supporters are threating to do.
Pence ducked reporters when Trump video was published
GOP Declares Mike Pence Debate Winner... Before Debate Begins
Trumps organization did business with Iranian bank later linked to terrorism
Nate Silver on Twitter: Clinton's lead is big enough that her win probability is maxing out a bit. Our model gets conservative at the tails of the distribution.
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "Not paying taxes makes Trump just another greedy billionaire who avoids paying his fair share of taxes while children in America go hungry."
Why Roger Ailes is no longer a Trump advisor: "Ailes learned that Trump couldnt focus ...and that advising him was a waste of time," per @NYMag.
Rick Wilson (GOP Strategist) On Twitter: "Now I Want To Meet The Trump From Earth 2 That Pence Was Describing."
Expat living in China here. Felt patriotic today - whipped myself up a few bacon cheeseburgers, grabbed a cold bud, and voted against a total moron. Ballot in the mail, +1 vote to Hillary
As of this morning, Florida Democratic Party has submitted 469k voter registration forms; Republican Party of Florida has submitted 59k
This is a death threat by Trump supporters against Politico reporter @Hadas_Gold. This is not trolling. This person should be in jail.
Today both CBS's Major Garrett & CNN's Jim Acosta pointed out there's more evidence that Trump committed sexual assault than there is of voter fraud
Got my boss Hillary Clinton earrings on - gearing up for debate night!
Donald Trumps Final Insult to American Democracy: In the final presidential debate, Donald Trump disgraced himself and our democracy by refusing to say if hed accept the election results. Hes a demagogue with a dictatorial streak.
Florida Senate Debate | Video
Donald Trump wants to be your hero: New ad says the GOP chicken hawk is the only one who can protect you
What Trump's Taxes Reveal About His Business Record: A Closer Look (Seth Meyers)
Clinton campaign and Democratic allies are recruiting and training hundreds of lawyers to protect right to vote after Trump's 'rigged' rhetoric sparks fears of Voter Intimidation
Bill Maher Imitating Donald Trump: "How Dare You Claim I Did the Things I Claim to Do!"
First time donor. It feels great.
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: The facts are clear: Trump refuses to admit he is wrong on the Central Park jogger case and continues to peddle yet another racist lie.
Harry Reid: FBI Director Comeys Partisan Actions May Violate Federal Law - Washington Wire
WIN/Gallup Global Poll on the American Election: 44 nations favor Clinton, whereas only 1 nation favors Trump. No prizes for guessing which nation that was.
Why is everyone I've met who dislikes Hillary unable to adequately explain why?
Sen McCain: GOP Will Block All HRC SCOTUS Nominations
Idaho Statesmen Editorial Board Endorsement: Hillary Clintons experience makes her the right choice for president
Some People Are Now 100 Percent Sure Clinton Will Win
Report: Trump Called Mic Guy A Monkey
Millennials: Someone You Love May Be Alive Because of Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton, Seizing on Taxes, Says Donald Trump Games the System
Home stretch. Anyone care to match me?
Listen To Donald Trump Talk About His Sex Life In Vulgar and Sexist Terms [WaPo
Jennifer Palmieri on Twitter "@realDonaldTrump lost his second debate tonight. Both @mike_pence and @timkaine were running against Trump."
Make the FBI great again.
CBS poll: Clinton's lead over Trump widens with three weeks to go (Clinton 47 vs Trump 38)
LeBron: 'Me and my family believe in' Clinton
Giuliani's daughter says she's voting for Clinton
"Mom, why are you crying?" "I got to vote for a woman for President."
Whats next for Meg Whitman, a Republican in Clintons corner?
Hillary Clinton, Mocking and Taunting, Turns the Tormentor: "In the third and final presidential debate, Mrs. Clinton outmaneuvered Mr. Trump with a surprising new approach: his."
Pay for play? Trump Foundation funds reportedly used to cozy up to right-wing groups
Enthusiasm for Trump Fades, Partisanship Keeps It Close: Clinton 47 (+4) vs Trump 43
Trump threatens to sue over Clinton campaign ads showing Trump speaking
Trump insults Hillary's body, says when he checked her out when she walked past him during the debate, "believe me, I wasn't impressed."
Donald Trump's mail-servers are running Windows 2003, which cannot be secured.
Ellen DeGeneres on Twitter "What the world needs now is love. And @FLOTUS Michelle Obama"
127 Daily Newspapers have now endorsed Hillary. One has endorsed Trump
Clinton up 1 in AZ
Bernie Sanders Campaigns for Hillary Clinton in Flagstaff
Dan Merica on Twitter: "Robby Mook, on a conference call, announces the campaign is dumping $2m in AZ to win the state and $1m in MO and IN to help Dem races."
FALSE: Hillary Clinton Cut Her Tax Bill by 'Donating' $1 Million to Herself via the Clinton Foundation
Arizona is BLUE in the 538 Nowcast, and Iowa is BLUE in the 538 Polls-only AND Nowcast!
Clinton promises 'end to end' criminal justice reform in pitch to black voters
The panic is beginning: GOP strategist Steve Schmidt predicts Election Day disaster for Republicans
There really isn't any proof Trump is anywhere close to Clinton, except in the state of Alaska and Bill Mitchell's mind.
daveweigel (WaPo) on Twitter: "I've been seeing dudes selling/wearing "TRUMP THAT BITCH" shirts at Trump rallies since April. Go ahead and pretend the problem is one man."
Statement from Hillary Clinton on Hurricane Matthew
Trump Speech
Poll: Trump falls into tie with Clinton among Utah voters
NEW Monmouth Univ COLORADO Poll of LV's: Clinton has 11 point lead.
me_irl
GOTV Roundtable - 10/17  Virginia: Today is the last day to register to vote
New York Daily News Front Page, October 21, 2016.
Carville declares Trump campaign dead in fundraising email
Trump insists the Central Park 5 are guilty  despite their exoneration and $41 million settlement
Democrats hold registration advantage in Colordao
Hello to r/HillaryClinton!
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "On the basic economic issues  trade, minimum wage, climate change, pay equity  Gary Johnson's positions are disastrous."
This Republican is happy to have a part in turning Georgia blue!
Republicans for Hillary are buying up electronic billboards on the strip for the debate...
Anyone else gain even more respect for Hillary after reading the Wall Street speeches?
Poll: AZ voters favor Penzone over Arpaio, nix border wall & deportation
Princeton Election Consortium now has Hillary at a 99% chance to win the election (with 273 EV in "safe for Clinton" territory)
George Takei on Twitter "Trump: "A vote for her is a vote for four more years of Barack Obama." Best. Reason. To. Vote. Ever."
George Washington Battleground Poll: Clinton leads Trump by 8 nationally
Theres only one candidate seriously running for president at this point. She won the debate hands down. Its hard to imagine Trump won over even a single voter tonight.
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: With just 10 days to go, Republicans are pulling out all the stops to try to bring Hillary down. RT this to help get out the facts.
Sopan Deb on Twitter: Trump in 1992, says to a clearly young girl: "I am going to be dating her in ten years. Can you believe it?"
Broadway for Hillary
PolitiFact on Twitter: Pence's claim that only 10 percent of Clinton Foundation money goes to aid is WRONG.
Late Night Roundtable - 10/14
Dave Weigel (WaPo) on Twitter: "Imagine being so dumb and conspiracy minded that you're counting on a rambling, past-his-prime Julian Assange to swing the election."
Plane carrying Pence skids off runway
Trump Now Claims 'Illegal Immigrants' Are Behind Voter Fraud
Let's play a game: CAPTION THIS!!!!!!
Given that politics are far from the most important thing about the coming Matthew storm, how could it possibly affect the race in FL? (Demographics, response, etc.)
Comey gives in to shameful partisanship
Monica Alba (NBC News) on Twitter: Hillary and Bill Clinton just arrived at this debate watch party in North Las Vegas. Campaign says 5000 people there.
All this time we thought he was The Apprentice and it turns out he was The Biggest Loser
Post-debate, Clinton takes the lead (CNN)
Enid News (Oklahoma) EDITORIAL: Hillary Clinton is our choice for commander in chief
Brent Spiner on Twitter: "Remember when Gerald Ford got so pissy about Chevy playing him as a clumsy oaf on SNL? Oh, right, he didn't."
Chris Cillizza (WAPO) on Twitter: Clinton is absolutely clubbing Trump right now. CLUBBING.
The Irish have just a few thoughts on Trump: "Gobshite!" "Head like a bag of squids!" "he should be illegal" Hilarious!!
Violent Rhetoric and Lewd T-Shirts at Ohio Trump Rally
Kenneth P. Vogel on Twitter: "Looking for precedent for Trump's promise to put Hillary in jail if he wins? Ukraine's Yanukovych (a past @PaulManafort client) did it to Tymoshenko."
HRC already got youreapuppet.com, I got noYOUREapuppet.com
Vice President Joe Biden on Twitter: One thing's clear: @TimKaine and Hillary have hardworking Americans' backs. The VP's office is in good hands. Joe #VPDebate
Senator Tim Kaine on Twitter: "The Clinton Foundation has an A+ rating from Charity Watch. Yesterday the Trump Foundation was ordered to stop fundraising in NY. #VPDebate"
I doubt that Hillary was actually extremely careless with classified material, as Comey accused her of being.
Pew National Poll: Hillary up 7
Mark Cuban on Twitter: "Every single @realDonaldTrump hotel and golf course is toast. Done. Over. Bernie Madoff now has a better brand."
Senator Barbara Boxer (D - Calif.) on Twitter: "Message to Hillary: We will stand with you against this last-minute intrusion in the presidential race."
Sanders sets fundraising goal of $2 million by tonight for downballot Democratic candidates!
George Takei on Twitter: When the media gave him millions in free air time, Trump loved them. Now when they do their job and ask questions, it's a global conspiracy.
Donald J. Trump On Twitter: "CLINTONS CLOSE TIES TO PUTIN DESERVE SCRUTINY: #VPDebate" -- Evan McMullin (Independent Presidential Candidate) On Twitter: "Are You Sure You Want To Go There, @RealDonaldTrump? #VPDebate"
Scared of new Ohio poll? Then make calls to Ohio right now!
Hillary Clinton fundraiser 'Stronger Together' featuring Julia Roberts, Lin Manuel Miranda, Hugh Jackman streams tonight
Remember: Complacency is the enemy! Don't let the polls convince you this will be an easy win.
Alaska's 2 GOP Senators Call For Trump To Drop Out
Screw the email non-story. Just early voted for Clinton/Kaine!
By popular demand, we have relaunched /r/NeutralNews!
Is there actually evidence in the leaked DNC emails of Hillary offering federal positions to large donors?
META: On the Meaning of "Neutral"
Brexit Megathread
If Hillary Clinton has to drop out of the Presidential election, who replaces her?
Announcing our Debate Fact-Checking Initiative
Why does Sanders have a significantly higher favorable rating with Democratic voters than Clinton, and policies that are very popular with Democrats, yet is losing by millions of votes?
Was George W. Bush really such a bad president?
No fact-checking thread for tonight's debate
Gold Star families have sent a letter to Donald Trump demanding he apologize over remarks made to the Khan family, and John McCain has issued a lengthy rebuke of Trump. Is this indicative of a fracture within the Republican party?
Why isn't Bernie Sanders doing well with black voters?
Why are Green Parties consistently anti-nuclear?
GOP declares pornography public health crisis as part of draft platform. What purpose does this serve?
Hillary's opponents label her crooked. Would an impartial review of the evidence at hand justify that label?
Why is healthcare in the United Stated so inefficient?
In light of the msnbc article this morning regarding Trumps interest in Nukes, what ability does a sitting president have to use Nukes? What oversight exist on the national and international level.
The Panama Papers: What do they tell us about the international financial system?
Would Turkey Be Justified in Kidnapping or Drone-Killing Fethullah Gulen in Pennsylvania?
What is the best course of action for those of us who want to end a "first past the post" electoral system?
Globalism, Brexit and the rise of populism  Is there another path?
Should America move away from a First Past the Post voting system?
On Super Tuesday, no incumbent House congressmen lost their primaries and many seats were uncontested.
Bernie Sanders overwhelmingly won the youth vote in the democratic primary. Is this more likely due to a generational ideological shift or to younger voters being more embracing of change?
Why is Trump doing so much better in the tracking polls than standard polls?
In what way, with evidence, has there been fraud in the democratic primary?
Has the economy improved or worsened in the last eight years, and how much of the blame/credit for that can go to Obama's administration?
Hillary Clinton is often described as a "moderate" or "centrist." Does the evidence support this?
How will Bernie prevent colleges from raising tuition fees, knowing that the government will pay for it?
Scalia's death: what does the vacancy mean for the US Supreme Court?
What are the implications of HRC's tech guy attempting to remove email addresses from emails?
Is high-speed rail a worthy project for America to pursue?
[META
Who is Mike Pence? What does he stand for? What has he accomplished?
McConnell says if Trump wins the nomination they will "drop him like a hot rock," running negative ads to separate Trump from the Congressmen up for re-election. Would Trump stand a chance in the general if the Republican establishment essentially campaigns against him?
Given the problem of widespread voter ignorance, could epistocracy produce better outcomes than democracy, and if so, should it be adopted?
Why did Republicans/pro-life supporters oppose Trump's comments about punishing women who get illegal abortions?
The Trump campaign has details of the proposed boarder wall payment strategy. Is there any precedent for a policy like this? Will any parts need congressional approval? What types of out comes could be expect if implemented?
What independent evidence corroborates or refutes the allegations made via the recent James O'Keefe video?
How does the Obama Administration's record on appointing donors and bundlers to government positions compare to Reagan, Bush 1&2 and Clinton administration.
[META
Firms like Uber classify drivers as contractors, rather than as employees. Is this business structure legally legitimate, or merely an attempt to get around employment laws?
Why is terrorism so high on US priority list?
[Announcement
If Hillary Clinton were to be convicted, wouldn't she still be able to run for president? Eugene Debs still ran while in prison.
A Quality Conservative Podcast?
Does the State Department Audit Allow For Prosecution Of Hillary
What are the potential consequences of the exposure of Trump Hotels breaking the embargo with cuba?
Is there evidence to suggest the attempted Turkey coup was or wasn't staged?
Hillary Clinton is often referred to as the "Presumptive Nominee" for the Democratic party. At what point, if any, does Trump become the Republicans' presumptive nominee? Are we already there?
Bernie Sanders wins Michigan in large polling upset. What advantages and disadvantages does this actually mean for the Democratic primary candidates.
Bernie Sanders vs. Verizon: Who is right?
Is the US in the process a political realignment?
Did Hillary Clinton commit perjury at the Benghazi hearings?
Why has the Turkish military decided to initiate a military coup in Turkey?
Why aren't military generals/leaders serious presidential candidates anymore?
How does the Philippines' potential "separation" from the US affect the power dynamics in Asia and the dispute over the South China Sea?
What actually happened in Nevada, and were any rules actually broken?
Evaluation of this criticism of Sanders' tax plan
Discussion Post: Tim Kaine Selected As Clinton's Running Mate
Is the anti-Clinton sentiment among Sanders voters enough to prevent her from winning in November?
One year after the Iran Deal, in what ways is the world better and worse off?
If Rubio drops out, how likely is it that he endorses Ted Cruz, and how likely is it that his committed delegates switch to Cruz?
Congress has overridden Obama's veto on the 'Saudi Sept 11' bill. What are the consequences of this?
Should the media in the US be more regulated?
What are some arguments for and against the US's decision to spend so much on defense, and have military bases around the world?
In an article this week, the NYT attributes Trump's popularity to poor voters' belief that the Republican Party has failed to represent their interests. Have the Democrats similarly failed to represent the interests of these voters? Or did they have other reasons for continuing to vote Republican?
Tax analyses on both Clinton's and Sander's tax plans have been released by the non-partisan Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center. How do you think this will effect the primary and/or general election?
The Democratic Party in Maine essentially abolished superdelegates recently. Why was this done, and is it a policy the entire party should adopt?
What police reform measures are feasible at a federal level that might help alleviate the disproportionate shootings of Black Americans?
Iowa caucuses: Ted Cruz wins; Clinton, Sanders tied. O'Malley and Huckabee drop out. Who benefits most?
What alternatives for a fair redistribution of districting have been proposed to counter gerrymandering?
What does the latest Politico article on Hillary campaign's fundraising mean?
/r/NeutralPolitics hits 50K subscribers
Sanders received 60% of in-person votes in Maricopa County. How much would the state have swung if there hadn't have been so many issues with voting?
What are the merits and drawbacks of California Proposition 60, condoms in pornographic films?
Is this election an [almost
What is the neutral approach to addressing sexual assault allegations made against both Bill Clinton and Donald Trump?
Is it possible for a United States president to be impeached for actions they committed prior to being elected?
[META
How dangerous is anti-biotic resistance, and what should the government's reaction be to it?
What are the pros and cons of Britain leaving the EU?
What are the pros and cons of the Standing Rock pipeline?
What are the implications of Hillary Clinton's foreign policy principles in Syria and their effect on the American-Russian relationship? How do they differ from Obama's?
Everyone is talking about how long it's been since Hillary did a press conference, but what is considered a 'normal' amount of press conferences?
I am Josh Blackman, constitutional law professor and author of Unraveled: Obamacare, Religious Liberty, and Executive Power. AMA
Fact check Obama vs. NRA on gun control? (specific quotes included)
Is Donald Trump's contribution to Pam Bondi bribery?
I'm not strictly aligned with either U.S. political party. Why can't the Republicans put forth a candidate in recent years that appeals to voters like me?
[META
How much stock should be put into sites like iSideWith.org?
How feasible is it for Bernie Sanders to implement the substantially left leaning changes he promised as part of his election campaign, if elected president?
Final Debate Fact Checking Thread
Does white privilege exist in the United States?
Trump's tax plan: Does it actually raise taxes on the middle class?
David Cameron is currently coming under fire due to an offshore trust fund set up by his late father. Did he actually do anything wrong, or is this just political point scoring by the opposition?
What are the pros and cons of Hillary Clinton's plan to impose an exit fee for companies that go overseas?
In light of Lebron James' announcement to support Clinton - What historical effect have high profile celebrities/athletes had on polling/voting in their respective state?
/r/NeutralPolitics hits 70K subscribers
In the US, who receives more public services and benefits: veterans or illegal immigrants?
Objectively speaking, what have been Barack Obama's successes as president? What have been his failures?
What's caused Japan's, Canada's and Australia's sudden drop in press freedom?
Super Tuesday Results Megathread
How concerning should Trudeau's proposed $29.4 billion deficit be?
Super Tuesday megathread
Happy belated 75k subs, NeutralPolitics! To celebrate: an all-week AMA with the NeutralPolitics mod team!
New York Primary Results Megathread
How have Donald Trump's recent statements affected his campaign?
Figures on both the American left and right accuse the opposing party of racism. Do either side's arguments hold any water?
What are legislative alternatives to the current practice of Gerrymandering in the US? What pros (if any) argue that no policy change is needed?
Does the media have an obligation to treat candidates or parties fairly, and if so, what is the best way to do so?
How controversial is Hillary's pick of Ken Salazar as the Head of her Transition Team?
Can Bernie Sanders win ?
Stop and frisk: is it effective? Should it be legal?
Why did Donald Trump lose to John Kasich in Manhattan for the Republican Primary?
Will Democrats swing the election to Trump?
In Saturday's debate, host Martha Raddatz referred to encryption as " a new terrorist tool used in the Paris attacks." Is there any evidence that encryption was used in the Paris attacks?
What, if any, is the "free market" solution to the increase of drug/medicinal prices
When Obama was elected, I felt that the US had achieved a major milestone in terms of overcoming racial divides, and that race relations would only continue to improve. It seems that race relations have only deteriorated, especially over the past few years. Why do you think this is happening?
Free or reduced cost of college has been a major theme this election season, which some claim would actually devalue existing degrees. Is there any evidence for this view? And are the other benefits worth it?
Do the superdelegates in the democratic primary actually matter?
How legitimate are the grievances and methods of Black Lives Matter?
What could a Vice President theoretically do in their capacity as "President of the Senate?"
Is there historical precedent to "Breaking up Big Banks"?
What was the presidency of George W. Bush like before 9/11?
Why did youths vote for remain on Brexit referendum when their unemployment rate is so high?
Should world leaders use the phrase "Radical Islam" when discussing IS influenced terrorist attacks?
[AMA
Why is the two party system in the US so persistent?
Breaking down the Iowa Caucuses by Demographics - is Sen. Sanders about to run into a demographic wall?
Is there any evidence, in practice, which suggests that a tax on carbon will have wide-spread economic benefits?
Did the Clinton Campaign Break Campaign Finance Law?
I am interested in a general discussion about Merrick Garland's nomination to SCOTUS.
What were the pros/cons to the Panama Free Trade Agreement?
There is a lot of controversy over airport security in the United States and how it is handled. Is there any evidence that it can be handled in a better and more effective way?
Bernie Sander's Proposals
How important are swing voters today, really?
Hillary Clinton's Calls for Rule Exemption for Small Banks
What happens when a U.S. state goes bankrupt?
What role should nuclear power play within the United States? What does this current election cycle mean for the nuclear industry?
What are the pros and cons of California's propositions on death penalty reform?
Was Trump's use of his foundation to pay settlements legal? If not, what penalties might he face.
could the devolved Scottish Parliament block Brexit? If so, what would be the implications?
Should the U.S. reconsider its alliance with Saudi Arabia?
Likelihood of NY Dem Primary Election Fraud
Why would a 'super delegate' pledge their support before the convention?
Have the elites contributed the most to the rise of Donald Trump?
Help me understand Jill Stein's student debt policy to me
In democratic elections how influential is the placement of candidates on ballot forms?
Is there evidence to demonstrate that SNAP abuse is or isn't widespread?
Marco Rubio recently said that Obama has been a divisive president. What evidence is there for this?
What do reputable economic studies predict would happen if we deported all the illegal immigrants in the US?
Should healthcare be a right in the US?
Do we have any evidence that the recent political hacks have been from Russia?
How do Clinton and Trump differ in regards to war and external intervention?
Is the UK now committed to leaving the EU?
[META
Can we keep Obamacare without major reforms? If so, do we want to keep it? If not, what is next?s
Is there a legitimate risk to allowing Syrian refugees into the United States? If so, what are they and how severe?
Are patents good or bad for innovation?
Is Gov. Rick Snyder actually to blame for the Flint water crisis and should he be put in jail?
Just became a citizen. Would like to vote
Pros & Cons of NAFTA. Did it work as intended?What went wrong? Did we gain from it?
Why is there a need for "Redistribution of income and wealth"?
What specific reforms does the EU need?
Are Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders part of a global phenomenon?
Why don't the major parties leverage the so-called "spoiler effect"?
[META
Labor protections in the United States are substantially slimmer than those in most European countries. Does this cause a measurable impact on the hiring practices in the U.S. compared to those in Europe?
Is politics finally starting to catch up to internet subculture?
How do Democratic senators win in states that are solid for Republicans, and vice versa, with the decline of split ticket voting?
Looking for a site for economist's views
[META
The return of Glass-Steagall... what does it mean?
Is there merit to claims that the Clinton Foundation exists to provide favors for donations? How do we evaluate these claims?
How serious are the accusations that Hillary Clinton silenced and damaged the reputations of women who alleged sexual misconduct by Bill Clinton?
If the Russians are behind the DNC email leak, have they necessarily done anything illegal/against international law?
Does the GOP have a future should they lose this election?
A discussion on the abandonment of neoliberal economic theory by both parties during the 2016 primary season
What legislation is the left proposing to fix the gender wage gap that is not already in the Equal Pay Act of 1963?
Is Obama's reaction to Flint the same as Bush's reaction to Katrina?
Isn't Bernie Sanders out of the race for Democratic Party nomination?
just how influential are political parties and campaigns in controlling content in major media outlets through 'transactional reporting'?
What are the pros and cons of 'ban the box' policies?
Heroin use has exploded across the US and other parts of the developed world in the last several years. What is causing this, and what can be done about it?
Are President Obama's concerns over the current 9/11 bill justified?
If you were dictator of Mississippi, how would you fix the state economic problems?
[META
What are the pros and cons of a consumption tax compared to an income tax?
How analagous is 19th-20th century anarchism to the modern islamist terror phenomenon?
The Public Option vs. Medicare for All
How can we truly stop ISIS and stabilize the Middle East?
Why did so many states become "red" or "blue" in 1992, 1996, and 2000?
Is Peak Oil a serious threat? If so, should politicians respond? How would they respond?
[META
What are the pros and cons for President Barack Obama's "aggressive effort to upgrade the militarys nuclear weapons program"?
Does Puerto Rico account for a net benefit or loss for the US government?
Why is the NYT delegate count different then that of RealClearPolitics or even a Google search?
Why were only 34 delegates awarded in Washington?
Why has the GOP moved so much to the right? Where have all the moderate Republicans gone?
Can the government order a company to build something?
Is there an argument against breaking up the big banks?
What are some things that both Trump and Hillary could say and we wouldn't know who said them, but would also upset half the people on both sides?
Why isn't Somaliland recognized by the US/UN?
Is there a net benefit to having an "outsider" as President?
Innovative Policy Series - Utah's Four Day Workweek!
Does the recent DNC email leak provide sufficient evidence that the DNC was colluding against Sen. Bernie Sanders? And if so, what would be the implications of such collusion?
What would be required for substantial primary reforms?
What are the pros and cons of Early Voting?
What Balanced Research Do We Have on Gun Ownership/Safety
Why were Mike Huckabee and George Voinovich so successful with black voters and what can other Republicans do to replicate their success?
How long should convicted rapists be sentenced?
Tax Policy Center releases analysis of Clinton tax proposals
Why is violent crime decreasing in certain cities despite an increase in most large cities?
What are the implications of Turkey shooting down Russia's warplane?
Is there somewhere I can get an interactive map that shows the amount of ISIS controlled territory over the course of the war?
Quick note of appreciation
Requiring links in top level replies
Should mandates that require new buildings to be built with solar panels be enacted?
To what extent do regulations on payday lending benefit or harm (would-be) borrowers?
Cruz's Five for Freedom
What countries have the best constitutions?
7th Democratic Debate Megathread (Flint, MI)
Why has Oregon shifted from a 'Red state' to a 'Blue state' over the past 70 years?
What methods of resolution are available to the parties in the South China Sea dispute?
What the heck happens in a Trump / Sanders / Bloomberg 3 way?
Innovative Policy Series - France's Anti-Food Waste Laws!
Which party makes the stronger case (no pun intended) for this election year Supreme Court vacancy?
New NSA rules allowing intelligence sharing with FBI: Are they as bad as the media portrays?
If Bernie Sanders loses Iowa, does he stand a chance?
A recent outbreak of Yellow Fever in Angola has raised fears of global contagion. What should be done in the future to prevent such issues? Is the US at risk?
[META
Based on policy and their history, which of the current Republican candidates is most moderate?
Are immigrants really stealing our jobs?
Why do American politics seem to be more "moderate" than many other places in the world?
Have we been getting less corrupt?
Political ignorance: implications, thoughts etc
If Bernie Sanders hypothetically wins the Presidency, will he be able to pass his ambitious ideas?
What's the expected value of your vote?
Hello Reddit. I am Andrew Bacevich. AMA.
Are claims that the DEA is unfair against the legalization of medical marijuana justified?
Why is it that Republican politicians typically have weaker fact-check records than Democratic politicians do?
Which tax plan is better for middle-class voters, Clinton's or Trump's plan?
What value do grand juries currently provide?
What changes to space law would we need to colonize Mars?
What are the implications of the House Obamacare lawsuit?
Is there a good podcast or audio course where I can learn about American politics (the structure, elections, issues today- medicare, social security etc)?
Which Third Party would come out on top?
Is moving homeless camps a way for cities to lessen the number of homeless?
12th Republican Debate Megathread (Miami, FL)
Discussion of the first US presidential debate
Should Us Citizens Support The 800 United States Military Bases Around the World?
[META
Is there any truth to the claims in this article regarding electoral fraud and exit poll discrepancies?
To what extent is Hillary Clinton to blame for the Benghazi attacks?
Which nonprofits and organizations support the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP)?
What are the best ways to reform education?
Is there truly no alternative to F. Hollande in the left in France?
What do protests actually achieve (if anything)?
If a Republican captures the WH in November, what kind of policies can we reasonably expect to come forth for the next 4 (or 8) years?
Every four years we discuss and fight over the parties' platforms, but then we never hear about them again. What difference do they make?
Is the Georgian solution an effective one to corruption?
Is it true that there have not been prosecutions for mishandling or removal of classified information based on gross negligence?
Welcome new visitors! Please read this.
[META
Texas is instituting a law to allow weapons on university campuses. Is this going to have an effect on safety? Will the effect be positive or negative?
How effective has China's censorship of Panama Papers been? And what are potential consequences after the revelations?
What are some successful causes that Mitch McConnell has spearheaded?
What downballot (House, Senate, governor) elections in 2016 will have the most impact on voters?
What influence does the president have over the Dakota Access Pipeline?
In an interview with the New York Times, Trump claims that the United States is not required to uphold NATO, arguing that it is an outdated alliance. Is this true?
Is "The Big Short" book a fair depiction of the housing bubble and subsequent financial crisis of the 2000 decade?
Live Brexit AMA with CFR's Paul A. Volcker Senior Fellow for International Economics on /r/Geopolitics!
What would happen if both Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders ran as independents?
Questions about the bomb/robot used to kill the shooting suspect in Dallas.
Is there evidence that Hillary Clinton acts in the interest of Wall Street?
What are the practical and hypothetical implications of the Obama Administration officially blaming Russia for interfering with the election?
Why have U.S.-Chinese and U.S.-Russian relations become so tense and aggressive?
There have been continued discussions among Republicans on stopping Trump, should the party attempt to stop him or simply embrace him for the general?
What are the pros and cons of leading candidates Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump?
Should the United States wage a ground war with ISIS? If so, how can we effectively stabilize the region after ISIS has fallen?
How effective has the double dissolution rule been recently?
Have wages really been stagnant for years?
AMA Announcement: Josh Blackman, Constitutional Law and Healthcare Law expert.
Trying to understand the motivation of voters who's first choice is socialism/progressive (Sanders) and second choice is libertarian?
How many times have Democrats reopened investigations?
What's worse: citizens on welfare or increasing minimum wage?
Influence of education on social mobility and equality appears very low. What now?
Why has Israel established settlements in the West Bank and Golan Heights in spite of opposition from major nations and the UN Security Council?
Arguments for and against Free Trade
Semi-Super Saturday Results Megathread
Is there a way to find out the US debt repayment obligations broken down by year?
Why is China not on the G7?
Does a flat tax work? What would its effects be on the US economy?
Did Ben Carson lie about West Point?
Post-debate discussion thread
The Government has declared 22 of Clinton's emails Top Secret. How big a deal is this?
What are the geopolitical ramifications of the attacks in Paris?
I would like to hear your opinions on Brexit
If election day were a national holiday, which party would benefit more?
To what extent could judicial appointments impact the 2nd amendment right to bear arms?
Why wasn't the US as effective in Afghanistan as it was in Japan after WWII?
Is there a good site for listing what the candidates have actually accomplished?
Does Senator Sanders endorsement of Secretary Clinton matter substantially?
What's the best strategy the mainstream Republican Party could adopt at this stage to stop Donald Trump's nomination?
What does the level of Trump's support say about the electorate?
Judicial activism: what is the proper definition; is there empirical evidence of this phenomenon; is it a feature or a bug; if a bug, what are policies that can deal with it?
Does the US' democratic republic require a classical education (or similar curriculum?)
What are some policy solutions to our aging prison population?
Was the 2011 intervention in Libya justified?
What is the purpose of party surveys with leading questions?
What credible evidence is there that elections in the United States have been rigged?
What are John Kasich's chances of winning the nomination? Is he a "moderate"?
Will Recent Court Decisions Pertaining to Voter Registration Laws in WI and NC Be Accommodated By The States in Question in Time for the 2016 Elections?
What happend with the Green party in Sweden (Miljpartiet)?
How Realistic is this calculator Vox tax burden calculator
How does the k-12 academic curriculum in the United States compare with that in foreign countries? Are there lessons that can be learned?
What are the Pros and Cons of a No-Fly Zone over Syria?
What's behind the sudden narrowing in the polls between Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton?
What are some neutral journalism resources to get information from?
What are the causes behind significant rises in ACA premiums?
Is there any evidence from the DNC email leak that the DNC did anything to rig or influence the primaries in favor of Hillary Clinton?
[META
Welcome back, /r/bestof! This is a strictly moderated sub, so please read this before participating!
Did Aetna do anything wrong by leaving the exchanges after threatening the DoJ?
If all NATO members have committed to reaching target defense spending within the decade, then why are American politicians and pundits still criticizing them for not pulling their weight?
Can Anyone Give a Reasonable Critique of Bernie Sanders's Economic Plans?
Should we have less philosophers and more welders?
Why don't European countries contribute more money to NATO?
How can a city mitigate the effects of inequality and gentrification during a period of economic boom?
[META
[META
What would it take to re-redistrict electoral districts (undo gerrymandering)?
What are some positive aspects of conservative ideology?
What is the breakdown of US forces currently stationed in Iraq?
Do Unregulated Free Markets Work?
How has social media affected the 2016 campaigns?
Do caucuses or primaries favor Hillary Clinton?
If Bernie wins the popular vote and the super-delegates nominate Hillary will they then also elect Donald Trump?
What podcasts do you enjoy the most?
Hillary Clinton's Email Scandal
Does Donald Trump meet any established definition of Fascism?
What are the benefits and downsides to North Carolina's bond proposal?
Bloomberg considering a White House bid, how would it affect the race?
What would the effects be on military recruitment if Bernie Sanders free college plan was instituted?
Innovative Policy Series - Ontario's Municipal Appeals Board
Should France collect ethnic data of its citizens?
What was the reasoning behind the Hague Invasion Act?
To what extent should modern democratic political systems be made more "direct"?
New Hampshire Results Discussion
Neutral description of left and right worldviews on ISIS.
Second Democratic debate Megathread
Discussion Megathread on Republican Primaries!
Is Turkey really supporting ISIS? If so, how is supporting ISIS good for Turkey's national interest?
[Eighth Republican Presidential Debate thread
[Fifth Democratic Presidential Debate thread
[META
Final Primary Megathread
Is national debt different from personal debt?
How reliable is fivethirtyeight?
[Sixth Republican Presidential Debate thread
Live AMA with Parag Khanna, geopolitical futurist and author of Connectography: Mapping the Future of Global Civilization on /r/Geopolitics
Is there a consensus among economists about the effects of the minimum wage?
Why do Senators Sanders and Cruz have zero endorsements from fellow Senators?
Rising mortality among middle age white males in the US: what are the causes and what can/should be done?
How do the Hamas control Gaza?
Is there any way to make college more affordable?
The war in Colombia is coming to an end. How will that affect the region?
If Trump and Clinton have record unfavorable ratings, why are they the frontrunner?
What will happen with Sanders and the DNC's ruling in the coming weeks?
Why is the income of illegal aliens prorated (partially ignored) when considering household eligibility for the SNAP (food stamps) program? What kind of effect on our taxes, economy, and society does this provision have and is it a net positive or negative overall?
[META
How feasible is a universal healthcare system in the United States?
What are some fact-based pros and cons to the Legalization of Marijuana?
What are the pros and cons of California's Prop 61 "Drug Price Relief Act"?
Did Thatcher improve the situation in the UK for women?
What are the pros/cons of single subject rules? Should they be implemented at the federal level?
Which party does the fight for the nomination of the supreme court benefit?
If Sanders succeeded in "closing the tax loopholes for corporations", would companies move out of the US?
If the Republican Party is collapsing, how would a Trump nomination influence their political strategy?
The New York Times admits it has a liberal bias, but doesn't that actually undermine its credibility on the issues that matter to liberals?
Are tax credits a better method of reducing inequality than higher minimum wage?
What are some must read books?
Hey NeutralPolitics! Let's talk about your favorite political theories and papers!
Are there any examples of countries that employ a libertarian philosophy to governing?
Why don't Minority groups Support Sanders?
Racial preferences in undergraduate decisions: How should the US Supreme Court rule in Fisher v. University of Texas at Austin?
How can we best win the War on Poverty?
It seems that for many measures of social progress, The United States South fairs worse than the rest of the nation. How do politics or policies contribute to this?
[META
UBI as proposed by Charles Murray
Why are there so many Independent officeholders in the Northeast United States?
Biggest differences between Sanders & Clinton?
Manufacturing Consent, by Noam Chomsky  group read at r/NonFictionBookClub
How accurate is The Young Turks assertion that Bernie Sanders would do better than Hilary Clinton in General Election with Donald Trump?
[META
Large differences in regional voting power due to electoral college: explanation for differences in US politics compared to Europe? Impact on issues such as climate change?
What reformative steps, if any, legislative or otherwise, can the United States take to resolve the growing rift between citizens and their perception of police?
Why are countries in the Southern Cone of South America so much better than the rest of Latin America or the Caribbean?
What would be the pros and cons of a populist legislative exchange in the US?
Is it typical for past presidents and presidential nominees to attend their party's national convention?
What solid red/blue states could flip their vote in the 2016 US general election?
Tepid Tuesday Results Megathread
Rising housing prices: What can or should be done?
How much stock should I put into websites like isidewith.com?
Is the nationalization of an industry ever appropriate? If so, when can it be beneficial, and for what industries is it appropriate?
What do you believe is the importance of civility during debates?
Democratic National Convention Megathread
How related is the drop in crime with the incarceration rate in the US?
If your political views don't fit into a political party, is it fair that they effectively aren't worth much as GOP and Dem voters?
Neutral book about Welfare, Entitlements or other social programs?
Is there a large gender pay gap within the US?
What would a lawsuit against Saudi Arabia look like?
What are the DNC's procedural options for changing their presidential nominee post-convention if that nominee is charged with a crime?
What are the pros and cons of nuclear power?
Republican National Convention Megathread
Recommended books on international relations?
Who would each candidate choose as VP?
To What Extent Should Private Religious Schools Allow Modification of Science, History, Medical etc. Standards in Schools and Allow Modified Grading?
For What Reasons did Republicans Vote Against the 911 First Responders Reauthorization Bill?
What caused the fall of Salvador Allende and Rise of Pinochet?
Does TTIP threaten the NHS?
What are the pros and cons of public secularism?
How would you patch the LLC Loophole?
Just 19% trust the government always or most of the time, so which candidate can restore our trust?
Is it illegal to offer money, goods, or services on political party convention floor?
Is Obamacare working or not? Should it be repealed?
How important is manufacturing to the economy?
If the Equal Rights Amendment had passed, how would certain gender related laws and policies today be different?
Can we combat terrorist groups like ISIS with renewable energy?
[META
[META
What are the pros and cons of Trump's healthcare proposal?
Do we need to reform the student loan system in the US?
Is it common for state reps to run unopposed and how to solve this?
How well did Sanders handle the VA scandal?
Should civic education be improved in the United States? And if so, how?
Gun laws during President Obama's term; what has been, and what should have been, the role of the different Congresses?
Effects and Viability Of A Four Party Political System
Should unpaid housework be included in GDP?
Nearly 90% of Americans believe that the Iraq war played a role in today's refugee crisis. Are they right, and should the answer to this question affect America's policy towards refugees from the Middle East?
If Hillary Clinton is nominated, and then gets indicted, do the Democrats have a mechanism of nominating another candidate?
[META
What are the best sources for moderate political commentary?
A popular argument of Sanders supporters lately is that Bernie performs more favorably against Trump than Hillary in various polls; How much truth is there to this, and how much does it matter?
It takes 270 electoral college votes to win the Presidency. Linked map shows its possible to tie at 269 republican and 269 democrat.
Are there any countries that had two dominant parties and moved to having more than two? Was it successful?
Have the Russian government's attempts to increase the birth rate been effective? Do they need to do more to increase the birth rate?
What public health policies address availability of timely treatments?
How is the Act of Being Registered with a Political Party Advantageous to the Voter?
Drones and Modern Warfare.
How seriously should we take 538's election forecast?
What kind of regulations would be lifted by the TTIP?
[META
The Rise of Authoritarianism and Populist Strongmen
Republican Debate Megathread
How does the world view the Obama presidency?
Donald Trump has released a five point plan on ethics reform. Do these points have merit?
Just how secure are online voting systems?
[META
Obama, Bush, and the use of Rhetoric
What is the International Impact of Bernie Sanders as a Jewish Candidate?
How important is it for national leaders to prioritize practical solutions to major issues? What are some reasons which justify or condemn the practice of enumerating and offering empathy for problems without offering a solution?
What are the probable impacts of $15 minimum wage laws?
Looking for a pre-2007 biography of Clinton
Can we compare and contrast the approaches to leadership styles of Clinton and Sanders? Which approach is more likely to lead to the types of changes Democratic voters are seeking?
[Academic
[META
According to the National Academy of Sciences, in the last 7 years the US government reduced the protection for endangered species. Why did our government do this and how can these protections be restored??
[wage gap
Taxation without representation for commuters?
Is there a "bipartisan" pro/con database/article for every (or most big) US Presidential candidates?
[META
Ides of March Primary Results Megathread
How come Iceland turned into a "mess" after David Oddsson deregulated the financial industry? Can this be partially attributed to the sky high interest rates set by the federal reserve?
Is Trump's proposed nuclear policy a substantial departure from current policies? If so, how substantial?
How do we evaluate Hillary Clinton's tenure as Secretary of State?
Is pew research a reliable source of information?
What are the pros and cons of eliminating federal agencies? (EPA, Dept. of Education, Energy, Commerce, Agri, etc.)
How should we define the term war hawk? Which candidates fit the term?
How democratic is Pakistan? And how much will its infrastructure grow in a decade?
Professional/Practical, educational and geographic backgrounds of SC justices: should the court make-up be less homogeneous on these fronts? Are they important/meaningful considerations or peripheral concerns?
Can we get an unbiased look at GA House Bill 757, the Free Exercise Protection Act?
Are Clinton's policies more 'pro African American' than Sanders'?
Recommendation for books on Conservatism and Libertarianism?
"War on x" rhetoric: what is it good for?
Have politicians failed to address the white who live in poverty?
Are generational differences real? Do arguments based on them hold weight?
Which Democratic presidential candidate will fare better with a Republican Congress?
How viable is the ColoradoCare single-payer proposal?
Why wouldn't Bernie run as an independent?
If Hillary wins the Democratic nomination, what reasons would Bernie supporters have to vote for or against her in the general election?
Why are many presidential candidates suddenly going by their first names?
What is the impact that universal healthcare would have on healthcare jobs?
Has the "natural born citizen" clause outlived its purpose?
Free Trade Policies
What are if any of the negatives of TPP on a large Scale.
Is there a backlash against "socialist" programs due to backlash against gender / ethnic minorities (and their vocal protests against the status quo), and is this backlash a political shift with staying power for the West?
8th Democratic Debate Megathread (Miami, FL)
Are parliamentary democracies inherently more stable than presidential democracies?
What Does NeutralPolitics Think of Realclearpolitics as a neutral source?
What is the opposition to the 9/11 Zadroga Bill?
What Policy changes can be made to reduce extreme polarization and promote cooperation between the democrats and republicans?
How should we regulate political speech?
Effectiveness of free college. Is it really regressive?
Should the US be permitted to use drones to kill its own citizens abroad if they have joined some terrorist organization? So far there have been at least 8 documented cases of Americans being killed by drones overseas.
Is there a podcast that contains the upcoming U.S. presidential debates in full?
Is doing nothing on immigration a viable solution?
At what point is our democracy no longer representative? US ranks almost dead last population/legislative seats.
How will closing the loophole on slave produced goods impact the American and the global economy?
What is an unbiased name for Palestine-Israel?
Why did Jim Webb withdraw from the Democratic primary?
Is populism good or bad?
Myanmar's Elections: What do they mean for the region's future?
Is a One State, Two-State or Three State solution better for solving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict?
If we take the status of Saddam Hussein's WMD possession to be the legitimating factor of a Coalition invasion of Iraq, were the British public justified---on balance---in their support of the war, given the information available to them in 2003?
What makes some peaceful protests successful and some not so much?
How responsible is the European community for "enabling" Erdoan?
What is the most effective healthcare policy? Is single-payer all it's cracked up to be?
What is the best approach to the ratings agencies?
How would a Jesse Ventura/John McAfee or a Jesse Ventura/Gary Johnson 2016 Libertarian ticket for President change the election?
March (to) Madness  Northeast Primary Megathread
Has Ajamu Baraka ever recanted from saying MH17 was a false flag operation?
What is the difference between Single-Payer and Universal Healthcare? What are its advantages and disadvantages?
Implications behind Obama pseudonym and Hillary's email?
What is the Obama Administrations record on prosecuting corporate and banking crimes?
Is there a name for the "myopia" or "red/blue shift" of the political spectrum?
Does a plan to stop Climate Change exist - and is stopping the Keystone XL pipeline likely to reduce or stop climate change?
How have Central Asian countries reacted to Putin's foreign policy?
[META
Why is there so much more money from outside groups registering as "conservative" compared to those registering as "liberal" for the 2016 election cycle?
Does Equal rights for women include or preclude Selective Service registration? What is controversy surrounding this issue?
Are there more news magazines like The Economist but with different biases?
What is the most accurate description of ISIS's motivation for their Paris attack?
Did Filipino Foreign Policy just pull a 180?
What Strategies Should a Millennial Employ to Increase her Winning Chances at an Election?
Is there any merit to denying the Armenian genocide?
What happens if there are TWO contested conventions?
Advantages and Disadvantages of TPP?
Are there American politicians who are left wing on a state level but against more federal governance?
The US is $~19 trillion in debt. How big of a problem is this? How could the situation be improved?
Why are debate moderators inevitably journalists rather than experts in various fields?
Does war promote or prevent scientific progress?
Why has the number of banks in the US decreased every quarter since the 1980s?
Is the future of journalism promising or depressing, and is there anything that can be done about it?
Why hasn't ISIS attacked Israel?
Is there truth to Donald Trump's comments concerning his financial disclosure form?
Interesting Findings on Caucuses vs. Primary Voter Turnout - What Impact Does This Have on Nominations?
Which of the remaining states are favorable for Bernie Sanders
"How can we scale back increasing partisanship and political attacks given its negative impacts on political culture?
[META
On the topic of 'safe spaces:' what are the pros and cons?
Why will Loretta Lynch not indict Hillary Clinton?
How could US lawmakers reverse inequality trends threatening consumer spending to help the middle class prosper as much as the developing world?
Is there evidence to suggest the larger reddit community has non-trivial political weight/leverage?
If Trump secures the nomination, what is his path to victory in the general election?
Should the UK stay in the EU?
If the Constitution is not a living document, do women have constitutional protections?
Was the Tea Party really born of disdain for the establishment? If so, why the conservative ideology and hatred of Obama?
Want to learn about the 2016 election without bias - where do I start?
[META
What is Bernie Sanders' End Game?
Looking for some college educated voter statistics, any help?
What public actions have been undertaken by Hillary Clinton to address human trafficking and child marriage in Saudi Arabia?
What are the best politics-related accounts or news channels to follow on Twitter?
Live AUA with the London School of Economics IDEAS about the European Union's Foreign Policy on /r/Geopolitics
Is there truth to the claims of refugees raping EU citizens?
[META
Reparations: Pros & Cons
Donating your time, energy, and money (Activism)
Corporate tax incentives and inter-state competition
Is there evidence that public political figures should avoid rhetoric that encourages "stochastic terrorism"?
What role does climate change play in the acceleration of violence in the Middle East?
Since the reliance on state militias is no longer how the U.S. Military works, shouldn't the 2nd Amendment be revised? Or should we return to a more fragmented, state militia based military?
What can be done to fix Venezuela's economic crisis?
Future direction space policy after 2016 election ?
Sanders "Liberal Elite" Vote Rhetoric
If the UK leaves the EU, what is the likely effect upon the US?
Islamic radicalisation and deradicalisation in the West: What causes it, and what should be done?
Who would be the best choice for Trump's running mate/VP?
What would prevent billionaires and the 1% from leaving the U.S. if Bernie Sanders becomes elected and raises their taxes immensely?
What can the President do?
Seeking recommendations for political podcasts
What is "ideological colonization" and how is globalization actually affecting "gender choice"?
If Bernie Sanders becomes president could he extend Medicare to everyone without going through congress through a signing statement or something?
AUA on the Refugee Crisis with the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace's Beirut and Brussels Centers on /r/Geopolitics
Are there any significant differences between Obama, Clinton, and Sanders' strategies on how to handle ISIS?
[META
February 11th Democratic Primary Debate Megathread
Antarctica gaining more ice: whats the implication on global climate change discourse?
Was what Trump said today any different than what Hillary said in 2008?
Does the United States Military budget need to be decreased or increased, and why for either?
Are millennials accurately represented in polling?
Should the US utilize its resources such as Norway and other nations do to meet budget needs?
What books would you recommend that give a neutral view of political ideology in the modern world?
What would happen if there was no minimum wage?
How does a government improve middle class wages?
Is the idea of a political spectrum or compass useful? Why or why not?
Three followup questions from the James Comey Congressional Hearing
I have a question about Benghazi: I've read a lot of fact-checks on Clinton's and the State Department's involvement in the failure to intervene in Benghazi, but I don't understand one thing.
[META
What would a "moderate" justice look like?
Bernie Sanders is currently losing in superdelegate count (Hillary's 457 to Bernie's 22). What does it take to get superdelegates to switch sides?
AUA this Thursday on all things Middle East with the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace
Live AUA today with Carnegie India on India's Foreign Policy on /r/Geopolitics!
Scalia claimed in his 2015 Obergefell dissent that the legislature should be the source of these types of sweeping changes. How can the cultural right square Scalia's dissent with the NC bathroom lawsuit?
Are we anywhere near an objective, empirically tested theory that can predict how policies will impact the economy?
Has any candidate raised money the same way as Bernie Sanders?
[META
What role does race play in policing in the United States?
What are the implications of the Urban Institute study on Sanders' healthcare proposal?
What would Trump's foreign policy as president look like?
What policies have been shown to positively impact growth of small business in the United States? How can we use that to determine which candidates in the upcoming election will most likely stimulate small business development?
What would be the economic impact of Bernie Sanders' speculation tax on Wall Street?
Are there good policies for reducing cigarette butt littering?
What would a revitalized Republican party look like?
How likely do you think a brokered GOP convention is at this point?
Campaign spending and lobbying, is it out of hand?
What are the pros and cons of a "helicopter drop" by a central bank?
Is this picture comparing Bernie and Hillary outcomes accurate?
Is there truth to the assertion that Bernie Sanders' economic policies will increase the velocity of money?
What would you say to refute or support Bernie's plans to fund his proposals?
AUA about the COP21 and Climate Diplomacy this Monday with the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace on /r/Geopolitics
How relevant is a presidential candidate's medical history/state, and to what extent do the electorate have a 'right to know' about that history/state?
Is Iran a threat?
What implications does the US national report submitted to the Human Rights Council and Universal Periodic Review have on the upcoming election and our conversation on human rights?
In July, Putin warned about the United States' development of anti-missile defense systems, stating it would disrupt the global balance of power and lead to more conflict. Is he right to be concerned about this, or is he spinning events to fit Russian interests?
Do any prominent judges/justices in non-us countries utilize Originalism for constitutional interpretation.
Can anyone explain the actual level of impact the Petrodollar system has on U.S. foreign policy, geopolitics, and the economic significance of it?
Why has environmentalism dropped from 76% of Americans to 42%? (Gallup)
Are there any sources that factor in the Electoral College when projecting the US general election at this stage of the primary process?
Live AUA on Russian Foreign Policy with the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace on /r/Geopolitics
What political currency could Sarah Palin bring to the Trump campaign?
[Fourth Democratic Presidential Debate thread
What does Taiwan's election of a independence-minded president mean for the country's future?
What are the 'conservative' and 'progressive' responses to the 'problem of automation'?
What happened with the 2012 GOP Autopsy?
Is Trump's campaign in trouble, particularly from a financing standpoint?
Have intelligence agencies become powerful enough that they could potentially engage in serious corruption or coercion of government officials?
Where to for digital journalism and internet discussion?
Bernie Sanders Policies
What Were the Issues with the Gun Control Vote: Politics or Policy?
Which potential Trump VP would most likely allow him to gain voters that were not previously committed to him?
How likely is it that either Trump or Clinton end up not winning the primary? Are there historical examples of front runners with a large margin after Super Tuesday not winning?
Are there any constitutional provisions for a scenario where a major party candidate pulls out of the election?
If the Democrats win the election, can Obama retract his nomination of Merrick Garland for a more liberal judge?
How to promote a politics and law class to high schoolers
Is torture justified, effective or even legal in the case of terrorism suspects?
Why don't we use Instant Runoff Voting (IRV), or what are the disadvantages?
Should we disarm the police in America?
What are the pros and cons of foreign aid, philanthropy, and NGOs? Should it be further regulated?
Conservative vs neo conservative vs libertarian
How well does a presidential candidates favorability rating correspond with their performance in the general election in November?
Why does China support UNSC reform?
What would be the upside of a national firearm registry?
Where does campaign swag go when a candidate loses?
Does anyone know of a relatively unbiased political quiz?
If Hillary is indicted before the nomination, how would that effect her campaign and the primaries? What if she's nominated first, or president-elect?
Did the Bush administration ignore warnings about 9/11?
Why does Americans complain so much about taxes?
The Clinton campaign has said that they won't consider another debate unless Sanders stops running negative ads. Does anyone know of any view-able on the web?
How would Bernie Sanders' tax regulations and other policies affect the US economy?
What are Sanders' chances of winning Ohio? Betting sites and FiveThirtyEight have very different opinions.
I feel like there's strong support for Hillary Clinton and not very strong support for Bernie Sanders among the black community at large but I don't know much about Hillary's record with said black community. Is there a reason she has more support than Bernie?
Introducing the new Neutral Politics sidebar
Given the presence of defectors leaving the west to join the Islamic State, should public education begin including counter-manipulation courses of some sort to avoid common recruitment pitfalls to protect people against induction into cults, and if so, how?
Did the data that Snowden release actually damage the US?
What are the similarities and differences between Hillary's "Basket Of Deplorables"comment and Romney's "47%" comments in 2012?
Let's Talk About Saudi Arabia.
Reliable Sites
Gov. Abbott proposed, among other things, an amendment to the Constitution preventing Congress from regulating an activity that occurs "wholly within one State." What would such an activity be? Or look like?
What is responsible for the supposed "Decline of the Black Family?"
What caused the decline of crime in America during the 90s?
The Estate Tax: What is it, who does it affect, and why is it so controversial?
Who does Kasich staying in the race benefit?
Does this article accurately reflect the history and motivations of the Iraq war? Can we even know?
What are the benefits of increasing border patrols in the E.U.? What do they control on the border?
Civil Liberties and Donald Trump's campaign
4th Republican Debate LIVE Megathread
Are the teacher strikes and protests in Oaxaca rooted in legitimate grievances about Mexico's education reforms?
Could Turkey request to invoke Article V of the NATO treaty based on tonight's attack?
Italy's constitution doesn't allow referendums on matter of foreign policy (international treaties). How do you consider such a limitation?
Why does the corporate income tax exist at all?
Do you think the US should cut the defense budget?
Who would pay for family leave under Clinton's plan? Employers or the federal government?
Have there been any polls this election cycle using Ranked or Approval voting systems?
What was the cause of the discrepancy between exit polls and actual vote totals in the Democratic primary?
[META
Should tragedy be politicized?
Political Podcast Suggestions?
Live AMA on weapons-making manuals and freedom of speech, on AskHistorians!
What are the legal arguments covering Obama's Immigration Accountability Executive Action?
Harry Reid has accused James Comey of violating the Hatch Act. Is there a strong case to be made for this? Is there solid evidence for the Trump Campaign - Russian Actor allegation?
Are European far-right parties, like the National Front and AfD, legitimately capable of winning major positions?
What are the potential consequences of the EU referendum?
Does Clinton's $30bn coal mining community plan actually win her any voters?
How do the benefits of free trade stack up to its costs?
What data would suggest success or failure in minimum wage increases?
Should Afghan diaspora be repatriated by Pakistan? Or should they be given Pakistani nationality for those who want to?
Trump attacking the judge, naming the people suing him--is that illegal?
I've heard many people say Donald Trump is sexist and that's a large reason why they don't want to vote for him. What part of his policies and what has he done is the past that would be sexist?
Promotion: Join /r/ModelUSGov
Can a president be bought? What would be the implications?
Solicitation of interest: /r/JihadInFocus for discussion and analysis of the actions, ideology, and propaganda of Jihadism
Why do Voter ID laws get deemed racist in America but they seem to be very common around the rest of the World?
Is amending the US Constitution seen as a Cardinal political sin?
[Question
Why wasn't the Iraqi Green Zone opened earlier?
In 1992 and 1996, which states did Clinton win due to Perot's candidacy?
Pivot to Asia: Substantive Policy Outcomes, or Mostly Rhetoric?
Should universities outsource certain departments to private companies?
Will our war in Syria end badly for the US and is it increasing the risk for WW3 this year?
What is the equation for Ted Cruz's endorsement of Trump?
Can we talk about the Republican Party's quick flip on free trade?
These are the details on how Trump plans to pay for the wall between US and Mexico, is this feasible?
If Bernie Sanders wins Michigan by eight percent points over Hillary how does this effect the race?
What has been the impact of Rubio's New Hampshire debate fluke so far?
Are the effects of US trade agreements like NAFTA on the working class becoming more politically visible?
Is there any proof that Trump is in debt to Russians?
How does the Brexit vote effect the TTIP?
Could Britain join NAFTA?
The Atlantic "...the preponderance of Middle Eastern violence in recent decades has been perpetrated not by Islamists but by secular autocrats against Islamists."
Following both the Sandy Hook and Orlando shootings, there are increasing calls for stricter gun laws. Would the Norwegian model be acceptable to americans?
Rojava: Northern Syria has apparently been taken over by Kurdish, militant feminist anarchists. What is the US government's position on this group? Who supports and does not support this group?
What polls are used to check the 15% threshold to include a third party candidate in the major presidential debates?
Bernie and the Youth Vote
What are the implications of Nevada on the overall national outlook for both candidates?
Most Neutral Website for Politics?
Do black voters pay attention to elections later than white voters?
Germany has pledged to accept a little over 50% of refugees from Syria, yet France would seem to be suffering from more ISIS retaliation. What is setting France apart?
Is it possible to have a political design that prevents tyranny of majority, without being tyranny of minority? How would we distinguish between the two?
Are there any real world examples of Bernie Sanders' type of protectionism?
What is the purpose of "religious liberty" bills? How well would they stand up in court?
What will it take for a third party to gain 5% in the USA?
Are paper ballot votes more credible than computer based?
General News Source
Should U.S. corporations be taxed on profits made abroad?
Can price transparency significantly reduce healthcare costs?
Looking for an unbiased report/book on unions' effects on American economy, specifically pertaining to the auto industry
Could this be a reasonable way to make inferences on the efficacy on Bernie Sanders' $15 federal minimum wage plan?
What are the differences between Sen. Sanders and Trumps' campaign policies?
How do you think the 2/13 GOP debate went?
Neutral (as possible) articles on Sanders VA controversy?
How did the current US conservative and liberal platforms come to be?
How (if at all) do non-us countries avoid the "spoiler" effect
What would the "demise" of a political party look like today?
Hungary's border fence vs. Trump's wall
How effective is phone banking?
What can we expect from establishment Republicans if Donald Trump wins the nomination?
Casual Thread #4 (22 November 2015)
Are there any policies that can help decrease the problem of racial ghettoization? What has been done and can be done to tackle ghettos?
What are the implications of the purported transfer of $400 million by the US to Iran?
There have been persistent murmurs in the news that senior GOP officials are "exploring options" to replace Trump. Would the optics for this be better or worse than keeping Trump? What is the likely short-term election strategy and long-term party strategy behind this?
How do ambassadorships and political appointments work? Money and Mechanics.
How can the salaries of media consultants be tied to media spending?
How can the South China Sea territorial disputes be peacefully resolved?
What do you think of applying algorithms to politics?
What are the chances that Garland gets appointed?
Can someone explain why prediction markets have Kasich as more likely to win the nomination than Rubio?
Any good (and obviously neutral) books/Articles/&c of Reagan's presidency (and preferably the effects his policies had on future policies)?
Should Democratic and Republican National Committees give more primary delegates to swing states?
I know it's kinda late for this, but is there any chance we could some nonpartisan breakdowns of each candidate's views before Super Tuesday?
Why do developed nations not target each other citizens with advantageous immigration policies?
What policy changes are needed to ensure the long-term stability of Obamacare?
Alternatives to First Past the Post: Score/Range vs Instant Runoff Voting
Which candidate is the most supportive of either free or open source software?
Is campaign finance reform needed or is all of the problems overstated?
A bill has been proposed in the Senate to establish a federal smoking age of 21. What are the chances that it will pass?
Was Obama really a "no Drama" President?
What are the pros and cons of building a "back door" into smart phone software?
Is it a good idea to reduce the patent length on pharmaceutical drugs? How about price fixing?
If central banks can print money, why do citizens pay taxes?
To what extent is a third party vote a vote for Trump or a vote for Clinton?
Does the US purposely intimidate Russia with it's large military budgets, wars, and military personnel abroad?
When did the Campaign Contribution Tax go out of Style?
What is the alternative to Trumps wall?
How does the world view Hillary Clinton as a candidate for president of the US?
What has the West learnt about intervention in Latin America, Asia, the Middle East + Western Asia, etc.?
Has any redditor seen a poll that reflects the "Unlikely Voter" turnout in the Brexit, or what the "Unlikely Voter" plans to do in the US in November?
Can Obama do a recess Appointment for Supreme Court: Why or why not?
Did Hillary Clinton blame President Obama and The West for the fallout in Libya and Syria?
What evidence is there for corporations bringing back offshore assets when corporate taxes are lower/lowered?
Objectively speaking, how have refugees impacted the crime rates in Europe? I see a lot of people arguing both ways ("it's not bad" and the "it's increasing a lot"), and I'm interested in the actual statistics/any opinions about what could be done if it is bad.
Is Donald Trump a liberal?
What are some good sites to learn about both sides of political issues?
Why do countries like Russia, Philippines and Lithuania have such large number of women in high management roles?
Who makes the decision whether someone is eligible to become president?
Is Trump a liberal or a conservative?
Slowing things down (an update to the automod removing top level comments without sources)
Would Sanders Be the VP Nominee?
What is the best news / world news source that is neutral and unbiased?
Did the videos by the Center for American Progress accurately portray the practices of Planned Parenthood? Can we even know?
Could A Chemical Or Biological Attack Perpetrated By The Islamic State Justify The Use of Nuclear Weapons?
Is there any sort of precedent for citizens of a nation successfully suing another nation?
How effective are efforts like Correct the Record in shaping perceptions?
I've recently been looking for literature to question and/or reinforce my political views. I'd love it if you guys could make some suggestions from all over the political spectrum!
Why is the US economy still considered to be struggling?
Sober, lay-accessible analysis of the history of SCOTUS decisions regarding gun control?
Would a Donald Trump presidency make sense considering the business life cycle?
Which deserves more focus: spending levels or taxation levels?
Does politicians in other countries join political parties early?
Could the United States adopt a parliamentary system without amending the Constitution?
How much evidence is there that the Clintons compensated donors via their Foundation and State Department connection?
Has Hillary Clinton's Campaign broken any Super-PAC/Campaign Finance laws?
The (US) labor force participation rate has been dropping since 2000 - is this a cause for concern?
Will job growth as a result of tariffs exceed the job loss from diminishing demand as a result of the same tariffs?
Can anyone recommend typical conservative radio shows?
Does the US executive branch fundamentally have greater influence over foreign policy than it does over domestic policy?
Are Americans too religious for Socialism?
If Cruz/Rubio and Clinton got the nominations, what do you think would happen if both Bernie and Trump ran as independents?
Seeking clarification about superdelegate controversy
A majority of Americans now advocate for sending ground troops to combat ISIS. Is this the right course of action?
Is there a real possibility that the RNC nominates someone other than Trump?
Why are politicians allowed to campaign and fundraise for future campaigns while they are still in office?
Why did Nixon resign rather than be impeached?
I've read about dead people voting, or people voting numerous times, how is this possible?
Are we ready, mentally, for another 9/11 sized terrorist attack?
Who exactly are Israeli settlers? What are the demographics?
Where can I find voter turnout statistics for the 2016 primaries?
Does Sen. Sanders use money from SuperPACs?
I'm an undecided voter. Please tell me why Hillary is the best choice for Nominee/President.
Is it a good idea to allow the US Federal Reserve to be audited by Congress?
Does Marco Rubio's campaign depend on Bush/Christie/Kaisch dropping out quickly?
A good source for 'neutral' US election news?
How will single payer healthcare affect doctor salaries?
What is the relation between the alt-right and New Atheism?
How does a $12/$15 dollar minimum wage effect those already making that much?
Would an Australian style Medicare levy work in the US?
What is the environmental impact of the Keystone XL pipeline and why was it so disputed?
What we talk about when we talk about "the establishment"
How do you foresee the GOP civil war ending? Can they recover in time to challenge Hillary in 2020 if they lose this year, or are the Dems holding onto the White House a further two terms and beyond all but confirmed?
Do nuclear weapons really act as deterrents in the 21st century?
What are the specifics of David Duke's positions?
What can Hillary Clinton and the DNC realistically do to convince "Bernie or Bust" supporters to vote for her?
If free movement of workers, goods and services within the EU is good, why limit the union to European countries?
Is it right to attribute the violence of bad actors to rhetoric?
Trump Vs. Clinton Healthcare Views?
What is in the United States' interest if Britain stays in or out of the EU?
[link
Live AMA with Iran Expert from the Brookings Institution on /r/Geopolitics
What would happen if both Sanders and Trump got nominated? Who would be more likely to win the support of undecided voters?
You will be the moderator of the next democratic/republican debate. What five questions would you ask each candidate?
(Meta) With policy issues on which you're not neutral, how do you approach a conversation with the "other side" in order to understand their opposing view?
Is Escalation in the Middle East Inevitable?
how do we know that the things wikileaks puts out is real?
What are the merits of "fast track" powers for the President?
Why doesn't the Tea Party separate from the mainstream Republican Party in the United States?
How far did the 'war on terror' contribute to the rise of Islamic extremism?
Why is Trump's proposal of a wall on the Mexican border so controversial?
What constitutes a "fair share" of taxes at various income levels?
Does Bernie Sanders meet any established definition of Communism?
Does the military have to follow unlawful orders given by the president?
Did california's top-two system produce the closest to Condorcet candidate?
By what ethical standard should we judge someone's vote?
In US Presidential races, do political endorsements matter?
What connection exists between the WikiLeaks DNC emails and the theft of DNC's opposition research on Trump last month?
Thoughts on the DNC Platform calling for Justice Dept. to investigate fossil fuel companies.
Help finding unbiased political podcasts or talk shows?
Would limiting or redistributing CEO salaries actually benefit employees?
Is campaigning for down ballot elections considered "the norm" for members of Congress? Or is it rare?
Is a balanced budget amendment in America feasible?
Should we be more concerned about fracking or the coal usage which the natural gas displaces?
How much influence do state and local endorsements have in primary elections?
How might campaign contributions lead to corruption? Where is the line? How can you tell if a politician is corrupt?
Help with definition of some US political terms, their casual applications and the consequences thereof
Is there a place where I can find all events for major presidential candidates/events in my area/state?
How much do the United States and Western Europe share intelligence about terrorist related activities?
According to International/Maritime law, which countries have rightful claim of the South China Sea?
Is the EU-Turkey refugee plan illegal?
Everyone agrees that the Medicare for all approach totally failed in Vermont. The question is why Medicare for all totally failed?
What prevents a US citizen from moving to a US state with public healthcare and great welfare benefits?
From a financial/tax only standpoint, at what salary does it not make sense to vote democratic?
How likely / possible is it for a candidate to dramatically improve their favorables with a certain demographic?
Liberal seeking centralization
Why attack France?
What are the pros and cons of a top-two primary?
Are "Red" or "Blue" states "better off", and would any increased beneficial metric be more circumstantial or more due to specific policy?
Is changing party affiliation in order to run for elected office common?
Is it possible for the US Government to extract funds from our trade deficit with Mexico, and apply these funds to a project of our choosing, like, say, a wall?
Is this roughly the Democrats' position on immigration?
Why do you think that people vote for the 3rd Party?
Assuming that Trump and Clinton win their party nominations, what sort of effect can we expect on the 2016 congressional elections?
What are the pros and cons of a Election Threshold
Is Sanders key point being disproven with every one of his and Trump's wins?
What is the evidence that Europe is more left-wing than the United States?
If Bloomberg enters the US Presidential race, how likely does it become that the House picks our next POTUS?
Unbiased books on the Great Recession
Request for impartial explanation of Hammond family ranching history in Oregon
What do you think about how the terms of Republican Primary debates are negotiated? Is it reasonable for the candidates to try to negotiate directly with the hosting outlet, or should the party maintain control?
What would be the likely impacts of abolishing qualified immunity?
Does the authority of the EPA lead to a net loss or gains of jobs?
How would the US government go about breaking up big banks via Dodd-Frank?
What are the most neutral sites or Newspapers in Australia?
I am having trouble finding anything racist Donald Trump has actually said while campaigning.
Are the security clearance accusations against Hilary Clinton a red flag or a red herring?
Was an independent investigation ever held, looking into the Democratic Party's December data breach?
What can (or should) really be done about gun violence in America?
Has ceremonial marriage between gay couples long been legal in the US? And if so, why were gay couples travelling to Canada to get married?
Will another candidate enter the Democratic Primary in weeks to come? Whom do you theorize is most likely to enter the race?
I calculated and plotted the total tax increases for every possible income under the combination of all of Sanders' proposals. Please discuss.
In practice, how do campaign donations translate into benefits for donors?
Should the President of the United States be on a reality TV show while still in office?
Turkey: What is being censored?
Can NATO enter airspace or waters of one of it's members against their will?
After Brexit: Must the UK negotiate access to the EU with the WTO? Is there another good option?
Barbados 1979 Referendum
Should Nazism be considered right wing or authoritarian?
Some people are concerned about Hillary being elected because it would be continuing the Clinton dynasty. Are dynasties a bad thing and if so, why?
What is the economic impact of illegal immigration on the United States?
What have been the advantages and disadvantages to women entering the workforce? Is it a net gain or loss?
Longroom Polling: How accurate is it?
Should drug use prior to the commission of a felony be a mitigating or an aggravating circumstance?
Is Win For Life a proxy for Basic Income experiment?
Why does the European Union not have a streamlined system for identifying potential terror suspects?
Gun Control and the First Time Criminal
What are potential & likely outcomes to the problem of a state having zero companies willing to participate in the ACA Healthcare Exchange?
How if at all should financial regulatory policy change?
Is it ageist to cut entitlement (Social Security/Medicare) benefits for young and middle aged people, while elderly people potentially may keep non reduced benefit amounts?
In primaries, do we elect delegates to the national conventions or nominate a candidate for the general election?
How is Turkey opening its Syrians border in Aleppo beneficial?
What is Sander's plan to address lobbyists in Congress?
The influence of superdelegates in the Democratic Party primary
My boss and coworkers have a very different view points from me, I just want the truth.
Why don't the public have access to all Clintons emails (from her time as SoS) under the FOIA?
Would anyone go without an attorney, if the Legal Services Corporation had been defunded?
What strategies are there for communicating the subjective cost of a government plan or program to citizens?
Live AMA with CFR's Director of the Center for Preventive Action
What are the pros and cons of more women in the field of medicine?
Is there any truth to this article I found from the "Gatestone Institute?"
Help finding a subreddit where political ideas can be discussed
Should the composition of UN Forces be re-evaluated to include more US soldiers?
To what extent can unions be thought of as cartels?
Has a candidate, who was nonviable in a primary state (i.e. Clinton in VT) gone on to win a primary?
What would Bernie's education plan mean for private universities?
How viable is the concept of glocalization?
Is our president correct that to stop terrorists our most powerful tool is to say we are not afraid?
Is the political press fair and unbiased?
At lunch I heard talk of a Military Coup in the US if Donald Trump wins on the radio. I felt it was worth discussion.
In light of Brexit, what are the pros/cons of a multi-day voting period instead of just a one day vote?
What do the public and the government gain from foreign companies buying 'home' companies?
To what extent should schools be allowed to redefine information away from historical and medical accuracy in favor of teaching the school's philosophy?
United States DHS releases new bulletin phase of NTAS
Why has Russia never joined NATO?
Mendacity ratings for all presidential hopefuls
How does one read and interpret Senate and Congress transcripts?
What are some advantages/strong points that Bernie has that he can use to convince the Democratic delegates to choose him as the nominee, and what are his challenges/weak points likewise?
Trumps healthcare reform plan
If both Trump and Sanders decide to run as Independant in the General Election, what does that look like and who wins?
Has the Mainstream Media been purposefully biased against the Sanders campaign from the beginning of the Primary Season?
Who is more at fault for the global recession?
Pete Davidson from Saturday Night Live (where Donald Trump recently guest hosted) claims that Trump "doesn't really know how to read". Could this feasibly be true? Is there any evidence for or against this claim?
Has the Mainstream Media been purposefully biased against the Sanders campaign from the beginning of the Primary Season?
Is the political press fair and unbiased?
What are some advantages/strong points that Bernie has that he can use to convince the Democratic delegates to choose him as the nominee, and what are his challenges/weak points likewise?
I am having trouble finding anything racist Donald Trump has actually said while campaigning.
At lunch I heard talk of a Military Coup in the US if Donald Trump wins on the radio. I felt it was worth discussion.
Which tax plan is better for middle-class voters, Clinton's or Trump's plan?
I've heard many people say Donald Trump is sexist and that's a large reason why they don't want to vote for him. What part of his policies and what has he done is the past that would be sexist?
I'm an undecided voter. Please tell me why Hillary is the best choice for Nominee/President.
Was what Trump said today any different than what Hillary said in 2008?
If Bernie Sanders wins Michigan by eight percent points over Hillary how does this effect the race?
Who is more at fault for the global recession?
My boss and coworkers have a very different view points from me, I just want the truth.
Has Hillary Clinton's Campaign broken any Super-PAC/Campaign Finance laws?
Are we ready, mentally, for another 9/11 sized terrorist attack?
In light of Brexit, what are the pros/cons of a multi-day voting period instead of just a one day vote?
If Bernie wins the popular vote and the super-delegates nominate Hillary will they then also elect Donald Trump?
Should Nazism be considered right wing or authoritarian?
Does Bernie Sanders meet any established definition of Communism?
Why has Russia never joined NATO?
Mendacity ratings for all presidential hopefuls
What is Sander's plan to address lobbyists in Congress?
Are Americans too religious for Socialism?
Does the US purposely intimidate Russia with it's large military budgets, wars, and military personnel abroad?
Would a Donald Trump presidency make sense considering the business life cycle?
If central banks can print money, why do citizens pay taxes?
Did Hillary Clinton commit perjury at the Benghazi hearings?
Since the reliance on state militias is no longer how the U.S. Military works, shouldn't the 2nd Amendment be revised? Or should we return to a more fragmented, state militia based military?
Why will Loretta Lynch not indict Hillary Clinton?
Is there any truth to this article I found from the "Gatestone Institute?"
Why does Americans complain so much about taxes?
Should we disarm the police in America?
Does white privilege exist in the United States?
What are the pros and cons of leading candidates Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump?
Is Obama's reaction to Flint the same as Bush's reaction to Katrina?
Why do American politics seem to be more "moderate" than many other places in the world?
Why wouldn't Bernie run as an independent?
If Cruz/Rubio and Clinton got the nominations, what do you think would happen if both Bernie and Trump ran as independents?
Gold Star families have sent a letter to Donald Trump demanding he apologize over remarks made to the Khan family, and John McCain has issued a lengthy rebuke of Trump. Is this indicative of a fracture within the Republican party?
Should the President of the United States be on a reality TV show while still in office?
What are the similarities and differences between Hillary's "Basket Of Deplorables"comment and Romney's "47%" comments in 2012?
Why don't the public have access to all Clintons emails (from her time as SoS) under the FOIA?
Should unpaid housework be included in GDP?
Isn't Bernie Sanders out of the race for Democratic Party nomination?
Is it true that there have not been prosecutions for mishandling or removal of classified information based on gross negligence?
Which candidate is the most supportive of either free or open source software?
What are the DNC's procedural options for changing their presidential nominee post-convention if that nominee is charged with a crime?
Is there a backlash against "socialist" programs due to backlash against gender / ethnic minorities (and their vocal protests against the status quo), and is this backlash a political shift with staying power for the West?
How effective are efforts like Correct the Record in shaping perceptions?
Sanders received 60% of in-person votes in Maricopa County. How much would the state have swung if there hadn't have been so many issues with voting?
Is Sanders key point being disproven with every one of his and Trump's wins?
Does Donald Trump meet any established definition of Fascism?
Is Trump a liberal or a conservative?
If Hillary Clinton has to drop out of the Presidential election, who replaces her?
[META
How much evidence is there that the Clintons compensated donors via their Foundation and State Department connection?
Is amending the US Constitution seen as a Cardinal political sin?
Will our war in Syria end badly for the US and is it increasing the risk for WW3 this year?
Does the authority of the EPA lead to a net loss or gains of jobs?
Are the security clearance accusations against Hilary Clinton a red flag or a red herring?
Does a plan to stop Climate Change exist - and is stopping the Keystone XL pipeline likely to reduce or stop climate change?
On the topic of 'safe spaces:' what are the pros and cons?
According to the National Academy of Sciences, in the last 7 years the US government reduced the protection for endangered species. Why did our government do this and how can these protections be restored??
Trumps healthcare reform plan
Has any candidate raised money the same way as Bernie Sanders?
Promotion: Join /r/ModelUSGov
What police reform measures are feasible at a federal level that might help alleviate the disproportionate shootings of Black Americans?
What are the pros and cons for President Barack Obama's "aggressive effort to upgrade the militarys nuclear weapons program"?
How would a Jesse Ventura/John McAfee or a Jesse Ventura/Gary Johnson 2016 Libertarian ticket for President change the election?
Is there truth to Donald Trump's comments concerning his financial disclosure form?
[link
Manufacturing Consent, by Noam Chomsky  group read at r/NonFictionBookClub
Is there a large gender pay gap within the US?
If Bernie Sanders becomes president could he extend Medicare to everyone without going through congress through a signing statement or something?
Has a candidate, who was nonviable in a primary state (i.e. Clinton in VT) gone on to win a primary?
Is our president correct that to stop terrorists our most powerful tool is to say we are not afraid?
Some people are concerned about Hillary being elected because it would be continuing the Clinton dynasty. Are dynasties a bad thing and if so, why?
How could US lawmakers reverse inequality trends threatening consumer spending to help the middle class prosper as much as the developing world?
Should universities outsource certain departments to private companies?
I have a question about Benghazi: I've read a lot of fact-checks on Clinton's and the State Department's involvement in the failure to intervene in Benghazi, but I don't understand one thing.
Hillary's opponents label her crooked. Would an impartial review of the evidence at hand justify that label?
First Debate Fact-Checking Thread
Marco Rubio recently said that Obama has been a divisive president. What evidence is there for this?
Did the Clinton Campaign Break Campaign Finance Law?
In light of Lebron James' announcement to support Clinton - What historical effect have high profile celebrities/athletes had on polling/voting in their respective state?
Have the elites contributed the most to the rise of Donald Trump?
If we take the status of Saddam Hussein's WMD possession to be the legitimating factor of a Coalition invasion of Iraq, were the British public justified---on balance---in their support of the war, given the information available to them in 2003?
What happens if there are TWO contested conventions?
What are the implications of the purported transfer of $400 million by the US to Iran?
What strategies are there for communicating the subjective cost of a government plan or program to citizens?
What are some things that both Trump and Hillary could say and we wouldn't know who said them, but would also upset half the people on both sides?
What is the International Impact of Bernie Sanders as a Jewish Candidate?
If your political views don't fit into a political party, is it fair that they effectively aren't worth much as GOP and Dem voters?
It seems that for many measures of social progress, The United States South fairs worse than the rest of the nation. How do politics or policies contribute to this?
Will Democrats swing the election to Trump?
Could the United States adopt a parliamentary system without amending the Constitution?
The New York Times admits it has a liberal bias, but doesn't that actually undermine its credibility on the issues that matter to liberals?
What are the implications of HRC's tech guy attempting to remove email addresses from emails?
Likelihood of NY Dem Primary Election Fraud
Is it possible for a United States president to be impeached for actions they committed prior to being elected?
What is the alternative to Trumps wall?
Should mandates that require new buildings to be built with solar panels be enacted?
Just 19% trust the government always or most of the time, so which candidate can restore our trust?
Help me understand Jill Stein's student debt policy to me
[wage gap
If Hillary wins the Democratic nomination, what reasons would Bernie supporters have to vote for or against her in the general election?
Is it ageist to cut entitlement (Social Security/Medicare) benefits for young and middle aged people, while elderly people potentially may keep non reduced benefit amounts?
In primaries, do we elect delegates to the national conventions or nominate a candidate for the general election?
Is the EU-Turkey refugee plan illegal?
Everyone agrees that the Medicare for all approach totally failed in Vermont. The question is why Medicare for all totally failed?
From a financial/tax only standpoint, at what salary does it not make sense to vote democratic?
Everyone is talking about how long it's been since Hillary did a press conference, but what is considered a 'normal' amount of press conferences?
What would you say to refute or support Bernie's plans to fund his proposals?
What are the potential consequences of the exposure of Trump Hotels breaking the embargo with cuba?
Are Clinton's policies more 'pro African American' than Sanders'?
Does Sen. Sanders use money from SuperPACs?
Is doing nothing on immigration a viable solution?
Is Donald Trump's contribution to Pam Bondi bribery?
Does the GOP have a future should they lose this election?
If Bernie Sanders hypothetically wins the Presidency, will he be able to pass his ambitious ideas?
Why is violent crime decreasing in certain cities despite an increase in most large cities?
Can we keep Obamacare without major reforms? If so, do we want to keep it? If not, what is next?s
What does the level of Trump's support say about the electorate?
Does the military have to follow unlawful orders given by the president?
By what ethical standard should we judge someone's vote?
Should we be more concerned about fracking or the coal usage which the natural gas displaces?
What legislation is the left proposing to fix the gender wage gap that is not already in the Equal Pay Act of 1963?
Bernie Sanders overwhelmingly won the youth vote in the democratic primary. Is this more likely due to a generational ideological shift or to younger voters being more embracing of change?
Hungary's border fence vs. Trump's wall
Have politicians failed to address the white who live in poverty?
Barbados 1979 Referendum
What public actions have been undertaken by Hillary Clinton to address human trafficking and child marriage in Saudi Arabia?
Should healthcare be a right in the US?
What independent evidence corroborates or refutes the allegations made via the recent James O'Keefe video?
Why doesn't the Tea Party separate from the mainstream Republican Party in the United States?
Why is Trump's proposal of a wall on the Mexican border so controversial?
Why does Sanders have a significantly higher favorable rating with Democratic voters than Clinton, and policies that are very popular with Democrats, yet is losing by millions of votes?
Taxation without representation for commuters?
How well did Sanders handle the VA scandal?
Did Hillary Clinton blame President Obama and The West for the fallout in Libya and Syria?
What role does race play in policing in the United States?
Bernie Sander's Proposals
Has ceremonial marriage between gay couples long been legal in the US? And if so, why were gay couples travelling to Canada to get married?
Does the State Department Audit Allow For Prosecution Of Hillary
Do black voters pay attention to elections later than white voters?
Why did youths vote for remain on Brexit referendum when their unemployment rate is so high?
Reparations: Pros & Cons
Was Trump's use of his foundation to pay settlements legal? If not, what penalties might he face.
In light of the msnbc article this morning regarding Trumps interest in Nukes, what ability does a sitting president have to use Nukes? What oversight exist on the national and international level.
Was Obama really a "no Drama" President?
Civil Liberties and Donald Trump's campaign
Is national debt different from personal debt?
I am Josh Blackman, constitutional law professor and author of Unraveled: Obamacare, Religious Liberty, and Executive Power. AMA
What are some positive aspects of conservative ideology?
Can anyone explain the actual level of impact the Petrodollar system has on U.S. foreign policy, geopolitics, and the economic significance of it?
How viable is the concept of glocalization?
Effectiveness of free college. Is it really regressive?
It takes 270 electoral college votes to win the Presidency. Linked map shows its possible to tie at 269 republican and 269 democrat.
Figures on both the American left and right accuse the opposing party of racism. Do either side's arguments hold any water?
How have Donald Trump's recent statements affected his campaign?
A good source for 'neutral' US election news?
How will single payer healthcare affect doctor salaries?
What is the relation between the alt-right and New Atheism?
Why has the GOP moved so much to the right? Where have all the moderate Republicans gone?
Implications behind Obama pseudonym and Hillary's email?
Why is healthcare in the United Stated so inefficient?
Is it possible for the US Government to extract funds from our trade deficit with Mexico, and apply these funds to a project of our choosing, like, say, a wall?
What is the evidence that Europe is more left-wing than the United States?
[Academic
In the US, who receives more public services and benefits: veterans or illegal immigrants?
Why is there a need for "Redistribution of income and wealth"?
Given the problem of widespread voter ignorance, could epistocracy produce better outcomes than democracy, and if so, should it be adopted?
I've read about dead people voting, or people voting numerous times, how is this possible?
Is the anti-Clinton sentiment among Sanders voters enough to prevent her from winning in November?
What role does climate change play in the acceleration of violence in the Middle East?
If Hillary Clinton were to be convicted, wouldn't she still be able to run for president? Eugene Debs still ran while in prison.
Are Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders part of a global phenomenon?
Is there any evidence from the DNC email leak that the DNC did anything to rig or influence the primaries in favor of Hillary Clinton?
What is an unbiased name for Palestine-Israel?
Is there actually evidence in the leaked DNC emails of Hillary offering federal positions to large donors?
Can Bernie Sanders win ?
Should tragedy be politicized?
What's worse: citizens on welfare or increasing minimum wage?
Hillary Clinton's Email Scandal
Hillary Clinton is often described as a "moderate" or "centrist." Does the evidence support this?
Has the "natural born citizen" clause outlived its purpose?
Why does the corporate income tax exist at all?
Should we have less philosophers and more welders?
If the Constitution is not a living document, do women have constitutional protections?
[Announcement
To what extent is Hillary Clinton to blame for the Benghazi attacks?
What are the implications of Hillary Clinton's foreign policy principles in Syria and their effect on the American-Russian relationship? How do they differ from Obama's?
Does politicians in other countries join political parties early?
Is politics finally starting to catch up to internet subculture?
How seriously should we take 538's election forecast?
Cruz's Five for Freedom
Thoughts on the DNC Platform calling for Justice Dept. to investigate fossil fuel companies.
Pete Davidson from Saturday Night Live (where Donald Trump recently guest hosted) claims that Trump "doesn't really know how to read". Could this feasibly be true? Is there any evidence for or against this claim?
Have we been getting less corrupt?
If the Russians are behind the DNC email leak, have they necessarily done anything illegal/against international law?
Is populism good or bad?
[META
There have been continued discussions among Republicans on stopping Trump, should the party attempt to stop him or simply embrace him for the general?
Why wasn't the US as effective in Afghanistan as it was in Japan after WWII?
Just became a citizen. Would like to vote
To what extent is a third party vote a vote for Trump or a vote for Clinton?
Is Donald Trump a liberal?
Could A Chemical Or Biological Attack Perpetrated By The Islamic State Justify The Use of Nuclear Weapons?
Why don't European countries contribute more money to NATO?
If all NATO members have committed to reaching target defense spending within the decade, then why are American politicians and pundits still criticizing them for not pulling their weight?
Would Turkey Be Justified in Kidnapping or Drone-Killing Fethullah Gulen in Pennsylvania?
A discussion on the abandonment of neoliberal economic theory by both parties during the 2016 primary season
What would be required for substantial primary reforms?
How far did the 'war on terror' contribute to the rise of Islamic extremism?
Requiring links in top level replies
What are potential & likely outcomes to the problem of a state having zero companies willing to participate in the ACA Healthcare Exchange?
How is Turkey opening its Syrians border in Aleppo beneficial?
If Hillary is indicted before the nomination, how would that effect her campaign and the primaries? What if she's nominated first, or president-elect?
Did the Bush administration ignore warnings about 9/11?
How long should convicted rapists be sentenced?
Why don't we use Instant Runoff Voting (IRV), or what are the disadvantages?
How accurate is The Young Turks assertion that Bernie Sanders would do better than Hilary Clinton in General Election with Donald Trump?
What are the pros and cons of eliminating federal agencies? (EPA, Dept. of Education, Energy, Commerce, Agri, etc.)
UBI as proposed by Charles Murray
How likely is it that either Trump or Clinton end up not winning the primary? Are there historical examples of front runners with a large margin after Super Tuesday not winning?
Why don't Minority groups Support Sanders?
What can Hillary Clinton and the DNC realistically do to convince "Bernie or Bust" supporters to vote for her?
Live AMA with Iran Expert from the Brookings Institution on /r/Geopolitics
What makes some peaceful protests successful and some not so much?
How does one read and interpret Senate and Congress transcripts?
If both Trump and Sanders decide to run as Independant in the General Election, what does that look like and who wins?
Which of the remaining states are favorable for Bernie Sanders
Hillary Clinton is often referred to as the "Presumptive Nominee" for the Democratic party. At what point, if any, does Trump become the Republicans' presumptive nominee? Are we already there?
The Trump campaign has details of the proposed boarder wall payment strategy. Is there any precedent for a policy like this? Will any parts need congressional approval? What types of out comes could be expect if implemented?
How serious are the accusations that Hillary Clinton silenced and damaged the reputations of women who alleged sexual misconduct by Bill Clinton?
Why would a 'super delegate' pledge their support before the convention?
Which nonprofits and organizations support the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP)?
How should we regulate political speech?
Hillary Clinton's Calls for Rule Exemption for Small Banks
What is the neutral approach to addressing sexual assault allegations made against both Bill Clinton and Donald Trump?
Do caucuses or primaries favor Hillary Clinton?
Is this election an [almost
Why did Republicans/pro-life supporters oppose Trump's comments about punishing women who get illegal abortions?
Rising mortality among middle age white males in the US: what are the causes and what can/should be done?
Trump's tax plan: Does it actually raise taxes on the middle class?
[META
If the UK leaves the EU, what is the likely effect upon the US?
Who would be the best choice for Trump's running mate/VP?
Could this be a reasonable way to make inferences on the efficacy on Bernie Sanders' $15 federal minimum wage plan?
[META
The Rise of Authoritarianism and Populist Strongmen
Should the media in the US be more regulated?
Can Anyone Give a Reasonable Critique of Bernie Sanders's Economic Plans?
If the Equal Rights Amendment had passed, how would certain gender related laws and policies today be different?
Which party makes the stronger case (no pun intended) for this election year Supreme Court vacancy?
A Quality Conservative Podcast?
What countries have the best constitutions?
How does the k-12 academic curriculum in the United States compare with that in foreign countries? Are there lessons that can be learned?
Why is it that Republican politicians typically have weaker fact-check records than Democratic politicians do?
If Hillary Clinton is nominated, and then gets indicted, do the Democrats have a mechanism of nominating another candidate?
Why isn't Bernie Sanders doing well with black voters?
Is there a net benefit to having an "outsider" as President?
Will another candidate enter the Democratic Primary in weeks to come? Whom do you theorize is most likely to enter the race?
In practice, how do campaign donations translate into benefits for donors?
How controversial is Hillary's pick of Ken Salazar as the Head of her Transition Team?
The Atlantic "...the preponderance of Middle Eastern violence in recent decades has been perpetrated not by Islamists but by secular autocrats against Islamists."
What are the implications of Nevada on the overall national outlook for both candidates?
/r/NeutralPolitics hits 70K subscribers
By popular demand, we have relaunched /r/NeutralNews!
Tax Policy Center releases analysis of Clinton tax proposals
If Bernie Sanders loses Iowa, does he stand a chance?
Happy belated 75k subs, NeutralPolitics! To celebrate: an all-week AMA with the NeutralPolitics mod team!
What methods of resolution are available to the parties in the South China Sea dispute?
Bernie Sanders is currently losing in superdelegate count (Hillary's 457 to Bernie's 22). What does it take to get superdelegates to switch sides?
How many times have Democrats reopened investigations?
Was George W. Bush really such a bad president?
How important is it for national leaders to prioritize practical solutions to major issues? What are some reasons which justify or condemn the practice of enumerating and offering empathy for problems without offering a solution?
Bernie Sanders vs. Verizon: Who is right?
What would be the upside of a national firearm registry?
Does the United States Military budget need to be decreased or increased, and why for either?
Should the US utilize its resources such as Norway and other nations do to meet budget needs?
What do protests actually achieve (if anything)?
What alternatives for a fair redistribution of districting have been proposed to counter gerrymandering?
Are "Red" or "Blue" states "better off", and would any increased beneficial metric be more circumstantial or more due to specific policy?
Why do you think that people vote for the 3rd Party?
When Obama was elected, I felt that the US had achieved a major milestone in terms of overcoming racial divides, and that race relations would only continue to improve. It seems that race relations have only deteriorated, especially over the past few years. Why do you think this is happening?
Discussion Post: Tim Kaine Selected As Clinton's Running Mate
To what extent could judicial appointments impact the 2nd amendment right to bear arms?
Which Democratic presidential candidate will fare better with a Republican Congress?
How analagous is 19th-20th century anarchism to the modern islamist terror phenomenon?
Why is Trump doing so much better in the tracking polls than standard polls?
To What Extent Should Private Religious Schools Allow Modification of Science, History, Medical etc. Standards in Schools and Allow Modified Grading?
Trump attacking the judge, naming the people suing him--is that illegal?
Which Third Party would come out on top?
[META
Nearly 90% of Americans believe that the Iraq war played a role in today's refugee crisis. Are they right, and should the answer to this question affect America's policy towards refugees from the Middle East?
What is the most accurate description of ISIS's motivation for their Paris attack?
What can the President do?
How does the Obama Administration's record on appointing donors and bundlers to government positions compare to Reagan, Bush 1&2 and Clinton administration.
How does the world view Hillary Clinton as a candidate for president of the US?
What evidence is there for corporations bringing back offshore assets when corporate taxes are lower/lowered?
How do the Hamas control Gaza?
Did Ben Carson lie about West Point?
What political currency could Sarah Palin bring to the Trump campaign?
What is the Obama Administrations record on prosecuting corporate and banking crimes?
Is there a name for the "myopia" or "red/blue shift" of the political spectrum?
Is the Georgian solution an effective one to corruption?
Is there evidence that public political figures should avoid rhetoric that encourages "stochastic terrorism"?
Harry Reid has accused James Comey of violating the Hatch Act. Is there a strong case to be made for this? Is there solid evidence for the Trump Campaign - Russian Actor allegation?
How do the benefits of free trade stack up to its costs?
What's the expected value of your vote?
I'm not strictly aligned with either U.S. political party. Why can't the Republicans put forth a candidate in recent years that appeals to voters like me?
Is there any truth to the claims in this article regarding electoral fraud and exit poll discrepancies?
How relevant is a presidential candidate's medical history/state, and to what extent do the electorate have a 'right to know' about that history/state?
Stop and frisk: is it effective? Should it be legal?
Why are countries in the Southern Cone of South America so much better than the rest of Latin America or the Caribbean?
Is Peak Oil a serious threat? If so, should politicians respond? How would they respond?
Liberal seeking centralization
Why attack France?
Is there merit to claims that the Clinton Foundation exists to provide favors for donations? How do we evaluate these claims?
[META
Is Turkey really supporting ISIS? If so, how is supporting ISIS good for Turkey's national interest?
What was the cause of the discrepancy between exit polls and actual vote totals in the Democratic primary?
Live AMA on weapons-making manuals and freedom of speech, on AskHistorians!
How do Clinton and Trump differ in regards to war and external intervention?
What the heck happens in a Trump / Sanders / Bloomberg 3 way?
How will Bernie prevent colleges from raising tuition fees, knowing that the government will pay for it?
Looking for a pre-2007 biography of Clinton
Is a One State, Two-State or Three State solution better for solving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict?
Can we combat terrorist groups like ISIS with renewable energy?
Are tax credits a better method of reducing inequality than higher minimum wage?
Free or reduced cost of college has been a major theme this election season, which some claim would actually devalue existing degrees. Is there any evidence for this view? And are the other benefits worth it?
Did Thatcher improve the situation in the UK for women?
Which party does the fight for the nomination of the supreme court benefit?
What influence does the president have over the Dakota Access Pipeline?
Should Democratic and Republican National Committees give more primary delegates to swing states?
Why do developed nations not target each other citizens with advantageous immigration policies?
Was the Tea Party really born of disdain for the establishment? If so, why the conservative ideology and hatred of Obama?
Why is the income of illegal aliens prorated (partially ignored) when considering household eligibility for the SNAP (food stamps) program? What kind of effect on our taxes, economy, and society does this provision have and is it a net positive or negative overall?
How feasible is a universal healthcare system in the United States?
Does TTIP threaten the NHS?
How has social media affected the 2016 campaigns?
What Policy changes can be made to reduce extreme polarization and promote cooperation between the democrats and republicans?
Should world leaders use the phrase "Radical Islam" when discussing IS influenced terrorist attacks?
Why is the NYT delegate count different then that of RealClearPolitics or even a Google search?
Does a flat tax work? What would its effects be on the US economy?
Help with definition of some US political terms, their casual applications and the consequences thereof
What are if any of the negatives of TPP on a large Scale.
Bernie Sanders wins Michigan in large polling upset. What advantages and disadvantages does this actually mean for the Democratic primary candidates.
Why is terrorism so high on US priority list?
Live AUA today with Carnegie India on India's Foreign Policy on /r/Geopolitics!
Firms like Uber classify drivers as contractors, rather than as employees. Is this business structure legally legitimate, or merely an attempt to get around employment laws?
How (if at all) do non-us countries avoid the "spoiler" effect
Are immigrants really stealing our jobs?
Fact check Obama vs. NRA on gun control? (specific quotes included)
New NSA rules allowing intelligence sharing with FBI: Are they as bad as the media portrays?
Should the United States wage a ground war with ISIS? If so, how can we effectively stabilize the region after ISIS has fallen?
Are there American politicians who are left wing on a state level but against more federal governance?
could the devolved Scottish Parliament block Brexit? If so, what would be the implications?
What do the public and the government gain from foreign companies buying 'home' companies?
To what extent should schools be allowed to redefine information away from historical and medical accuracy in favor of teaching the school's philosophy?
The Clinton campaign has said that they won't consider another debate unless Sanders stops running negative ads. Does anyone know of any view-able on the web?
I feel like there's strong support for Hillary Clinton and not very strong support for Bernie Sanders among the black community at large but I don't know much about Hillary's record with said black community. Is there a reason she has more support than Bernie?
Introducing the new Neutral Politics sidebar
Will Recent Court Decisions Pertaining to Voter Registration Laws in WI and NC Be Accommodated By The States in Question in Time for the 2016 Elections?
How did the current US conservative and liberal platforms come to be?
Does the US' democratic republic require a classical education (or similar curriculum?)
Is there any merit to denying the Armenian genocide?
GOP declares pornography public health crisis as part of draft platform. What purpose does this serve?
Antarctica gaining more ice: whats the implication on global climate change discourse?
Biggest differences between Sanders & Clinton?
How legitimate are the grievances and methods of Black Lives Matter?
Quick note of appreciation
Why is there so much more money from outside groups registering as "conservative" compared to those registering as "liberal" for the 2016 election cycle?
Does Equal rights for women include or preclude Selective Service registration? What is controversy surrounding this issue?
What are the merits and drawbacks of California Proposition 60, condoms in pornographic films?
No fact-checking thread for tonight's debate
Should France collect ethnic data of its citizens?
[META
Is it common for state reps to run unopposed and how to solve this?
What will it take for a third party to gain 5% in the USA?
[META
What are the pros and cons of Trump's healthcare proposal?
Do we need to reform the student loan system in the US?
Do Unregulated Free Markets Work?
Seeking recommendations for political podcasts
[META
Rojava: Northern Syria has apparently been taken over by Kurdish, militant feminist anarchists. What is the US government's position on this group? Who supports and does not support this group?
What are the specifics of David Duke's positions?
Is it right to attribute the violence of bad actors to rhetoric?
What would happen if both Sanders and Trump got nominated? Who would be more likely to win the support of undecided voters?
Is Escalation in the Middle East Inevitable?
Sanders "Liberal Elite" Vote Rhetoric
[META
What is the most effective healthcare policy? Is single-payer all it's cracked up to be?
Is Gov. Rick Snyder actually to blame for the Flint water crisis and should he be put in jail?
What are the causes behind significant rises in ACA premiums?
Why do Senators Sanders and Cruz have zero endorsements from fellow Senators?
Where to for digital journalism and internet discussion?
What has been the impact of Rubio's New Hampshire debate fluke so far?
What value do grand juries currently provide?
[META
What are the best politics-related accounts or news channels to follow on Twitter?
Evaluation of this criticism of Sanders' tax plan
What public health policies address availability of timely treatments?
What implications does the US national report submitted to the Human Rights Council and Universal Periodic Review have on the upcoming election and our conversation on human rights?
Are there any sources that factor in the Electoral College when projecting the US general election at this stage of the primary process?
Hello Reddit. I am Andrew Bacevich. AMA.
[META
[META
What is the environmental impact of the Keystone XL pipeline and why was it so disputed?
Texas is instituting a law to allow weapons on university campuses. Is this going to have an effect on safety? Will the effect be positive or negative?
What are the best sources for moderate political commentary?
Help finding a subreddit where political ideas can be discussed
Should the composition of UN Forces be re-evaluated to include more US soldiers?
To what extent can unions be thought of as cartels?
What would Bernie's education plan mean for private universities?
Is Iran a threat?
What reformative steps, if any, legislative or otherwise, can the United States take to resolve the growing rift between citizens and their perception of police?
What are the pros and cons of California's propositions on death penalty reform?
[META
What role should nuclear power play within the United States? What does this current election cycle mean for the nuclear industry?
What are the best ways to reform education?
Innovative Policy Series - Utah's Four Day Workweek!
What would the effects be on military recruitment if Bernie Sanders free college plan was instituted?
Is there truth to the assertion that Bernie Sanders' economic policies will increase the velocity of money?
Are patents good or bad for innovation?
Why has Israel established settlements in the West Bank and Golan Heights in spite of opposition from major nations and the UN Security Council?
What is the best course of action for those of us who want to end a "first past the post" electoral system?
Professional/Practical, educational and geographic backgrounds of SC justices: should the court make-up be less homogeneous on these fronts? Are they important/meaningful considerations or peripheral concerns?
AMA Announcement: Josh Blackman, Constitutional Law and Healthcare Law expert.
What are some must read books?
Should Us Citizens Support The 800 United States Military Bases Around the World?
Is there a real possibility that the RNC nominates someone other than Trump?
Why are politicians allowed to campaign and fundraise for future campaigns while they are still in office?
Is it a good idea to allow the US Federal Reserve to be audited by Congress?
[META
What would a revitalized Republican party look like?
How can a city mitigate the effects of inequality and gentrification during a period of economic boom?
Tax analyses on both Clinton's and Sander's tax plans have been released by the non-partisan Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center. How do you think this will effect the primary and/or general election?
Is Trump's proposed nuclear policy a substantial departure from current policies? If so, how substantial?
In democratic elections how influential is the placement of candidates on ballot forms?
What are some arguments for and against the US's decision to spend so much on defense, and have military bases around the world?
Gun laws during President Obama's term; what has been, and what should have been, the role of the different Congresses?
[META
I am interested in a general discussion about Merrick Garland's nomination to SCOTUS.
How much stock should be put into sites like iSideWith.org?
Breaking down the Iowa Caucuses by Demographics - is Sen. Sanders about to run into a demographic wall?
Does Clinton's $30bn coal mining community plan actually win her any voters?
Scalia's death: what does the vacancy mean for the US Supreme Court?
In what way, with evidence, has there been fraud in the democratic primary?
One year after the Iran Deal, in what ways is the world better and worse off?
What changes to space law would we need to colonize Mars?
The US is $~19 trillion in debt. How big of a problem is this? How could the situation be improved?
What would happen if both Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders ran as independents?
Why don't the major parties leverage the so-called "spoiler effect"?
New York Primary Results Megathread
What will happen with Sanders and the DNC's ruling in the coming weeks?
What does the latest Politico article on Hillary campaign's fundraising mean?
What are the pros and cons of a consumption tax compared to an income tax?
What Strategies Should a Millennial Employ to Increase her Winning Chances at an Election?
Has the economy improved or worsened in the last eight years, and how much of the blame/credit for that can go to Obama's administration?
Scalia claimed in his 2015 Obergefell dissent that the legislature should be the source of these types of sweeping changes. How can the cultural right square Scalia's dissent with the NC bathroom lawsuit?
The (US) labor force participation rate has been dropping since 2000 - is this a cause for concern?
Can anyone recommend typical conservative radio shows?
Does the US executive branch fundamentally have greater influence over foreign policy than it does over domestic policy?
What caused the fall of Salvador Allende and Rise of Pinochet?
How would you patch the LLC Loophole?
What's behind the sudden narrowing in the polls between Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton?
Is high-speed rail a worthy project for America to pursue?
Is there a consensus among economists about the effects of the minimum wage?
The Democratic Party in Maine essentially abolished superdelegates recently. Why was this done, and is it a policy the entire party should adopt?
What downballot (House, Senate, governor) elections in 2016 will have the most impact on voters?
What credible evidence is there that elections in the United States have been rigged?
Three followup questions from the James Comey Congressional Hearing
Why has the Turkish military decided to initiate a military coup in Turkey?
What are the pros and cons of Early Voting?
What are the pros and cons of Hillary Clinton's plan to impose an exit fee for companies that go overseas?
Can we compare and contrast the approaches to leadership styles of Clinton and Sanders? Which approach is more likely to lead to the types of changes Democratic voters are seeking?
Does Senator Sanders endorsement of Secretary Clinton matter substantially?
What are the pros and cons of nuclear power?
Based on policy and their history, which of the current Republican candidates is most moderate?
Why did Donald Trump lose to John Kasich in Manhattan for the Republican Primary?
[META
Live AMA with CFR's Director of the Center for Preventive Action
Are millennials accurately represented in polling?
What books would you recommend that give a neutral view of political ideology in the modern world?
If election day were a national holiday, which party would benefit more?
Has Ajamu Baraka ever recanted from saying MH17 was a false flag operation?
What is the difference between Single-Payer and Universal Healthcare? What are its advantages and disadvantages?
Democratic National Convention Megathread
What do reputable economic studies predict would happen if we deported all the illegal immigrants in the US?
Why has Oregon shifted from a 'Red state' to a 'Blue state' over the past 70 years?
[AMA
What caused the decline of crime in America during the 90s?
How do Democratic senators win in states that are solid for Republicans, and vice versa, with the decline of split ticket voting?
7th Democratic Debate Megathread (Flint, MI)
Why is China not on the G7?
[META
Tepid Tuesday Results Megathread
How concerning should Trudeau's proposed $29.4 billion deficit be?
Objectively speaking, what have been Barack Obama's successes as president? What have been his failures?
Is moving homeless camps a way for cities to lessen the number of homeless?
12th Republican Debate Megathread (Miami, FL)
Why did Jim Webb withdraw from the Democratic primary?
Myanmar's Elections: What do they mean for the region's future?
Reliable Sites
Is there a good podcast or audio course where I can learn about American politics (the structure, elections, issues today- medicare, social security etc)?
What podcasts do you enjoy the most?
What are the practical and hypothetical implications of the Obama Administration officially blaming Russia for interfering with the election?
[META
How will closing the loophole on slave produced goods impact the American and the global economy?
Hey NeutralPolitics! Let's talk about your favorite political theories and papers!
Why were Mike Huckabee and George Voinovich so successful with black voters and what can other Republicans do to replicate their success?
Live Brexit AMA with CFR's Paul A. Volcker Senior Fellow for International Economics on /r/Geopolitics!
Given the presence of defectors leaving the west to join the Islamic State, should public education begin including counter-manipulation courses of some sort to avoid common recruitment pitfalls to protect people against induction into cults, and if so, how?
How important are swing voters today, really?
Corporate tax incentives and inter-state competition
Future direction space policy after 2016 election ?
Did Aetna do anything wrong by leaving the exchanges after threatening the DoJ?
What are the pros/cons of single subject rules? Should they be implemented at the federal level?
Is there any evidence, in practice, which suggests that a tax on carbon will have wide-spread economic benefits?
[META
What are the pros and cons of the Standing Rock pipeline?
What policy changes are needed to ensure the long-term stability of Obamacare?
Alternatives to First Past the Post: Score/Range vs Instant Runoff Voting
A bill has been proposed in the Senate to establish a federal smoking age of 21. What are the chances that it will pass?
Why are many presidential candidates suddenly going by their first names?
What are some successful causes that Mitch McConnell has spearheaded?
Longroom Polling: How accurate is it?
Is Win For Life a proxy for Basic Income experiment?
Why does the European Union not have a streamlined system for identifying potential terror suspects?
Gun Control and the First Time Criminal
How if at all should financial regulatory policy change?
The influence of superdelegates in the Democratic Party primary
A recent outbreak of Yellow Fever in Angola has raised fears of global contagion. What should be done in the future to prevent such issues? Is the US at risk?
If Trump and Clinton have record unfavorable ratings, why are they the frontrunner?
What was the presidency of George W. Bush like before 9/11?
In an article this week, the NYT attributes Trump's popularity to poor voters' belief that the Republican Party has failed to represent their interests. Have the Democrats similarly failed to represent the interests of these voters? Or did they have other reasons for continuing to vote Republican?
Every four years we discuss and fight over the parties' platforms, but then we never hear about them again. What difference do they make?
Can the government order a company to build something?
Innovative Policy Series - France's Anti-Food Waste Laws!
What are some policy solutions to our aging prison population?
Are there any constitutional provisions for a scenario where a major party candidate pulls out of the election?
Is torture justified, effective or even legal in the case of terrorism suspects?
What are the pros and cons of foreign aid, philanthropy, and NGOs? Should it be further regulated?
Conservative vs neo conservative vs libertarian
What is Bernie Sanders' End Game?
How should we define the term war hawk? Which candidates fit the term?
Recommendation for books on Conservatism and Libertarianism?
Is there truly no alternative to F. Hollande in the left in France?
How important is manufacturing to the economy?
Is there evidence to suggest the attempted Turkey coup was or wasn't staged?
How do we evaluate Hillary Clinton's tenure as Secretary of State?
Is it illegal to offer money, goods, or services on political party convention floor?
There have been persistent murmurs in the news that senior GOP officials are "exploring options" to replace Trump. Would the optics for this be better or worse than keeping Trump? What is the likely short-term election strategy and long-term party strategy behind this?
What do you think of applying algorithms to politics?
I know it's kinda late for this, but is there any chance we could some nonpartisan breakdowns of each candidate's views before Super Tuesday?
Is there evidence to suggest the larger reddit community has non-trivial political weight/leverage?
Final Primary Megathread
[Sixth Republican Presidential Debate thread
How feasible is it for Bernie Sanders to implement the substantially left leaning changes he promised as part of his election campaign, if elected president?
[Fifth Democratic Presidential Debate thread
How come Iceland turned into a "mess" after David Oddsson deregulated the financial industry? Can this be partially attributed to the sky high interest rates set by the federal reserve?
Why hasn't ISIS attacked Israel?
[META
Is there a "bipartisan" pro/con database/article for every (or most big) US Presidential candidates?
What are the pros and cons of 'ban the box' policies?
Neutral description of left and right worldviews on ISIS.
Second Democratic debate Megathread
Influence of education on social mobility and equality appears very low. What now?
Arguments for and against Free Trade
What happened with the 2012 GOP Autopsy?
Is Trump's campaign in trouble, particularly from a financing standpoint?
Have intelligence agencies become powerful enough that they could potentially engage in serious corruption or coercion of government officials?
Recommended books on international relations?
What are the implications of the House Obamacare lawsuit?
Is there a legitimate risk to allowing Syrian refugees into the United States? If so, what are they and how severe?
How effective is phone banking?
Innovative Policy Series - Ontario's Municipal Appeals Board
[META
Neutral book about Welfare, Entitlements or other social programs?
Does war promote or prevent scientific progress?
What does Taiwan's election of a independence-minded president mean for the country's future?
Is there historical precedent to "Breaking up Big Banks"?
Does the recent DNC email leak provide sufficient evidence that the DNC was colluding against Sen. Bernie Sanders? And if so, what would be the implications of such collusion?
Can NATO enter airspace or waters of one of it's members against their will?
After Brexit: Must the UK negotiate access to the EU with the WTO? Is there another good option?
Do the superdelegates in the democratic primary actually matter?
What is the breakdown of US forces currently stationed in Iraq?
How much stock should I put into websites like isidewith.com?
[META
What are the differences between Sen. Sanders and Trumps' campaign policies?
How do you think the 2/13 GOP debate went?
Neutral (as possible) articles on Sanders VA controversy?
What, if any, is the "free market" solution to the increase of drug/medicinal prices
Large differences in regional voting power due to electoral college: explanation for differences in US politics compared to Europe? Impact on issues such as climate change?
Labor protections in the United States are substantially slimmer than those in most European countries. Does this cause a measurable impact on the hiring practices in the U.S. compared to those in Europe?
Why aren't military generals/leaders serious presidential candidates anymore?
META: On the Meaning of "Neutral"
AUA about the COP21 and Climate Diplomacy this Monday with the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace on /r/Geopolitics
How can we best win the War on Poverty?
Germany has pledged to accept a little over 50% of refugees from Syria, yet France would seem to be suffering from more ISIS retaliation. What is setting France apart?
What is the purpose of "religious liberty" bills? How well would they stand up in court?
Are there good policies for reducing cigarette butt littering?
How dangerous is anti-biotic resistance, and what should the government's reaction be to it?
What are some fact-based pros and cons to the Legalization of Marijuana?
If the Republican Party is collapsing, how would a Trump nomination influence their political strategy?
If a Republican captures the WH in November, what kind of policies can we reasonably expect to come forth for the next 4 (or 8) years?
How Realistic is this calculator Vox tax burden calculator
Why is the two party system in the US so persistent?
Announcing our Debate Fact-Checking Initiative
Was the 2011 intervention in Libya justified?
March (to) Madness  Northeast Primary Megathread
Why are Green Parties consistently anti-nuclear?
How does the Brexit vote effect the TTIP?
Could Britain join NAFTA?
Following both the Sandy Hook and Orlando shootings, there are increasing calls for stricter gun laws. Would the Norwegian model be acceptable to americans?
What polls are used to check the 15% threshold to include a third party candidate in the major presidential debates?
Bernie and the Youth Vote
Do we have any evidence that the recent political hacks have been from Russia?
How would the US government go about breaking up big banks via Dodd-Frank?
Was an independent investigation ever held, looking into the Democratic Party's December data breach?
What can (or should) really be done about gun violence in America?
What is the best approach to the ratings agencies?
Are we anywhere near an objective, empirically tested theory that can predict how policies will impact the economy?
[META
David Cameron is currently coming under fire due to an offshore trust fund set up by his late father. Did he actually do anything wrong, or is this just political point scoring by the opposition?
Should the U.S. reconsider its alliance with Saudi Arabia?
[META
AUA this Thursday on all things Middle East with the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace
Should civic education be improved in the United States? And if so, how?
[META
How reliable is fivethirtyeight?
In Saturday's debate, host Martha Raddatz referred to encryption as " a new terrorist tool used in the Paris attacks." Is there any evidence that encryption was used in the Paris attacks?
Iowa caucuses: Ted Cruz wins; Clinton, Sanders tied. O'Malley and Huckabee drop out. Who benefits most?
[Eighth Republican Presidential Debate thread
Have wages really been stagnant for years?
Is the US in the process a political realignment?
Political ignorance: implications, thoughts etc
On Super Tuesday, no incumbent House congressmen lost their primaries and many seats were uncontested.
Free Trade Policies
What Does NeutralPolitics Think of Realclearpolitics as a neutral source?
Why do Voter ID laws get deemed racist in America but they seem to be very common around the rest of the World?
[Question
Why wasn't the Iraqi Green Zone opened earlier?
Why have U.S.-Chinese and U.S.-Russian relations become so tense and aggressive?
AUA on the Refugee Crisis with the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace's Beirut and Brussels Centers on /r/Geopolitics
If Rubio drops out, how likely is it that he endorses Ted Cruz, and how likely is it that his committed delegates switch to Cruz?
Why were only 34 delegates awarded in Washington?
What is the impact that universal healthcare would have on healthcare jobs?
Is this roughly the Democrats' position on immigration?
What are the pros and cons of a Election Threshold
What do you think about how the terms of Republican Primary debates are negotiated? Is it reasonable for the candidates to try to negotiate directly with the hosting outlet, or should the party maintain control?
Should America move away from a First Past the Post voting system?
Why did so many states become "red" or "blue" in 1992, 1996, and 2000?
What is "ideological colonization" and how is globalization actually affecting "gender choice"?
Are generational differences real? Do arguments based on them hold weight?
Bloomberg considering a White House bid, how would it affect the race?
How does the Philippines' potential "separation" from the US affect the power dynamics in Asia and the dispute over the South China Sea?
How democratic is Pakistan? And how much will its infrastructure grow in a decade?
Can we get an unbiased look at GA House Bill 757, the Free Exercise Protection Act?
"War on x" rhetoric: what is it good for?
In an interview with the New York Times, Trump claims that the United States is not required to uphold NATO, arguing that it is an outdated alliance. Is this true?
If you were dictator of Mississippi, how would you fix the state economic problems?
Is the UK now committed to leaving the EU?
How related is the drop in crime with the incarceration rate in the US?
Welcome new visitors! Please read this.
What can be done to fix Venezuela's economic crisis?
Is the nationalization of an industry ever appropriate? If so, when can it be beneficial, and for what industries is it appropriate?
Ides of March Primary Results Megathread
What solid red/blue states could flip their vote in the 2016 US general election?
[META
Globalism, Brexit and the rise of populism  Is there another path?
What are the pros and cons of Britain leaving the EU?
Is there a place where I can find all events for major presidential candidates/events in my area/state?
How likely / possible is it for a candidate to dramatically improve their favorables with a certain demographic?
Who would pay for family leave under Clinton's plan? Employers or the federal government?
What are some neutral journalism resources to get information from?
Live AUA with the London School of Economics IDEAS about the European Union's Foreign Policy on /r/Geopolitics
What are legislative alternatives to the current practice of Gerrymandering in the US? What pros (if any) argue that no policy change is needed?
What Balanced Research Do We Have on Gun Ownership/Safety
What is the purpose of party surveys with leading questions?
What are John Kasich's chances of winning the nomination? Is he a "moderate"?
Are there any examples of countries that employ a libertarian philosophy to governing?
Racial preferences in undergraduate decisions: How should the US Supreme Court rule in Fisher v. University of Texas at Austin?
Could Turkey request to invoke Article V of the NATO treaty based on tonight's attack?
What specific reforms does the EU need?
There is a lot of controversy over airport security in the United States and how it is handled. Is there any evidence that it can be handled in a better and more effective way?
Just how secure are online voting systems?
Obama, Bush, and the use of Rhetoric
Pros & Cons of NAFTA. Did it work as intended?What went wrong? Did we gain from it?
Super Tuesday Results Megathread
McConnell says if Trump wins the nomination they will "drop him like a hot rock," running negative ads to separate Trump from the Congressmen up for re-election. Would Trump stand a chance in the general if the Republican establishment essentially campaigns against him?
The Panama Papers: What do they tell us about the international financial system?
What are the geopolitical ramifications of the attacks in Paris?
Is there an argument against breaking up the big banks?
Post-debate discussion thread
Interesting Findings on Caucuses vs. Primary Voter Turnout - What Impact Does This Have on Nominations?
What is responsible for the supposed "Decline of the Black Family?"
Does this article accurately reflect the history and motivations of the Iraq war? Can we even know?
What kind of regulations would be lifted by the TTIP?
Does Puerto Rico account for a net benefit or loss for the US government?
What could a Vice President theoretically do in their capacity as "President of the Senate?"
What connection exists between the WikiLeaks DNC emails and the theft of DNC's opposition research on Trump last month?
Help finding unbiased political podcasts or talk shows?
Is a balanced budget amendment in America feasible?
Semi-Super Saturday Results Megathread
Drones and Modern Warfare.
How can we truly stop ISIS and stabilize the Middle East?
A popular argument of Sanders supporters lately is that Bernie performs more favorably against Trump than Hillary in various polls; How much truth is there to this, and how much does it matter?
The Public Option vs. Medicare for All
Gov. Abbott proposed, among other things, an amendment to the Constitution preventing Congress from regulating an activity that occurs "wholly within one State." What would such an activity be? Or look like?
Why has the number of banks in the US decreased every quarter since the 1980s?
Is the future of journalism promising or depressing, and is there anything that can be done about it?
Is there evidence to demonstrate that SNAP abuse is or isn't widespread?
Are President Obama's concerns over the current 9/11 bill justified?
Why are debate moderators inevitably journalists rather than experts in various fields?
What are Sanders' chances of winning Ohio? Betting sites and FiveThirtyEight have very different opinions.
just how influential are political parties and campaigns in controlling content in major media outlets through 'transactional reporting'?
Discussion Megathread on Republican Primaries!
Does the media have an obligation to treat candidates or parties fairly, and if so, what is the best way to do so?
Did Filipino Foreign Policy just pull a 180?
Advantages and Disadvantages of TPP?
how do we know that the things wikileaks puts out is real?
What constitutes a "fair share" of taxes at various income levels?
Where does campaign swag go when a candidate loses?
[META
Effects and Viability Of A Four Party Political System
Is there somewhere I can get an interactive map that shows the amount of ISIS controlled territory over the course of the war?
What happens when a U.S. state goes bankrupt?
What was the reasoning behind the Hague Invasion Act?
To what extent should modern democratic political systems be made more "direct"?
/r/NeutralPolitics hits 50K subscribers
What would it take to re-redistrict electoral districts (undo gerrymandering)?
Final Debate Fact Checking Thread
Which potential Trump VP would most likely allow him to gain voters that were not previously committed to him?
What are the pros and cons of public secularism?
How responsible is the European community for "enabling" Erdoan?
Welcome back, /r/bestof! This is a strictly moderated sub, so please read this before participating!
Why isn't Somaliland recognized by the US/UN?
Bernie Sanders Policies
What would a lawsuit against Saudi Arabia look like?
Is there a podcast that contains the upcoming U.S. presidential debates in full?
At what point is our democracy no longer representative? US ranks almost dead last population/legislative seats.
What are the Pros and Cons of a No-Fly Zone over Syria?
Why has environmentalism dropped from 76% of Americans to 42%? (Gallup)
Should the US be permitted to use drones to kill its own citizens abroad if they have joined some terrorist organization? So far there have been at least 8 documented cases of Americans being killed by drones overseas.
What do you believe is the importance of civility during debates?
How do you foresee the GOP civil war ending? Can they recover in time to challenge Hillary in 2020 if they lose this year, or are the Dems holding onto the White House a further two terms and beyond all but confirmed?
What would be the pros and cons of a populist legislative exchange in the US?
Rising housing prices: What can or should be done?
Brexit Megathread
Are parliamentary democracies inherently more stable than presidential democracies?
I would like to hear your opinions on Brexit
The Government has declared 22 of Clinton's emails Top Secret. How big a deal is this?
Is this picture comparing Bernie and Hillary outcomes accurate?
What's caused Japan's, Canada's and Australia's sudden drop in press freedom?
Why did Nixon resign rather than be impeached?
Where can I find voter turnout statistics for the 2016 primaries?
How likely do you think a brokered GOP convention is at this point?
Campaign spending and lobbying, is it out of hand?
If Sanders succeeded in "closing the tax loopholes for corporations", would companies move out of the US?
How effective has the double dissolution rule been recently?
Looking for a site for economist's views
[META
What are the implications of the Urban Institute study on Sanders' healthcare proposal?
What policies have been shown to positively impact growth of small business in the United States? How can we use that to determine which candidates in the upcoming election will most likely stimulate small business development?
What would be the economic impact of Bernie Sanders' speculation tax on Wall Street?
Questions about the bomb/robot used to kill the shooting suspect in Dallas.
Is there evidence that Hillary Clinton acts in the interest of Wall Street?
Is there any way to make college more affordable?
Is the idea of a political spectrum or compass useful? Why or why not?
How effective has China's censorship of Panama Papers been? And what are potential consequences after the revelations?
Donald Trump has released a five point plan on ethics reform. Do these points have merit?
What would happen if there was no minimum wage?
How does a government improve middle class wages?
I've recently been looking for literature to question and/or reinforce my political views. I'd love it if you guys could make some suggestions from all over the political spectrum!
Which deserves more focus: spending levels or taxation levels?
Are there any significant differences between Obama, Clinton, and Sanders' strategies on how to handle ISIS?
February 11th Democratic Primary Debate Megathread
[META
Super Tuesday megathread
[META
Are there any countries that had two dominant parties and moved to having more than two? Was it successful?
Have the Russian government's attempts to increase the birth rate been effective? Do they need to do more to increase the birth rate?
What would prevent billionaires and the 1% from leaving the U.S. if Bernie Sanders becomes elected and raises their taxes immensely?
When did the Campaign Contribution Tax go out of Style?
What has the West learnt about intervention in Latin America, Asia, the Middle East + Western Asia, etc.?
Has any redditor seen a poll that reflects the "Unlikely Voter" turnout in the Brexit, or what the "Unlikely Voter" plans to do in the US in November?
Can Obama do a recess Appointment for Supreme Court: Why or why not?
Objectively speaking, how have refugees impacted the crime rates in Europe? I see a lot of people arguing both ways ("it's not bad" and the "it's increasing a lot"), and I'm interested in the actual statistics/any opinions about what could be done if it is bad.
Would Sanders Be the VP Nominee?
Heroin use has exploded across the US and other parts of the developed world in the last several years. What is causing this, and what can be done about it?
What actually happened in Nevada, and were any rules actually broken?
Is there truth to the claims of refugees raping EU citizens?
Donating your time, energy, and money (Activism)
Is campaign finance reform needed or is all of the problems overstated?
What are the pros and cons of building a "back door" into smart phone software?
The return of Glass-Steagall... what does it mean?
Looking for some college educated voter statistics, any help?
What happend with the Green party in Sweden (Miljpartiet)?
Judicial activism: what is the proper definition; is there empirical evidence of this phenomenon; is it a feature or a bug; if a bug, what are policies that can deal with it?
What's the best strategy the mainstream Republican Party could adopt at this stage to stop Donald Trump's nomination?
Is Obamacare working or not? Should it be repealed?
Are there any policies that can help decrease the problem of racial ghettoization? What has been done and can be done to tackle ghettos?
How do ambassadorships and political appointments work? Money and Mechanics.
How can the salaries of media consultants be tied to media spending?
What are the chances that Garland gets appointed?
Any good (and obviously neutral) books/Articles/&c of Reagan's presidency (and preferably the effects his policies had on future policies)?
Should the UK stay in the EU?
Want to learn about the 2016 election without bias - where do I start?
To what extent do regulations on payday lending benefit or harm (would-be) borrowers?
Who is Mike Pence? What does he stand for? What has he accomplished?
"How can we scale back increasing partisanship and political attacks given its negative impacts on political culture?
For What Reasons did Republicans Vote Against the 911 First Responders Reauthorization Bill?
Is there a way to find out the US debt repayment obligations broken down by year?
Trying to understand the motivation of voters who's first choice is socialism/progressive (Sanders) and second choice is libertarian?
What can we expect from establishment Republicans if Donald Trump wins the nomination?
Casual Thread #4 (22 November 2015)
Congress has overridden Obama's veto on the 'Saudi Sept 11' bill. What are the consequences of this?
Is it typical for past presidents and presidential nominees to attend their party's national convention?
Can price transparency significantly reduce healthcare costs?
How have Central Asian countries reacted to Putin's foreign policy?
Is it possible to have a political design that prevents tyranny of majority, without being tyranny of minority? How would we distinguish between the two?
Are there any real world examples of Bernie Sanders' type of protectionism?
General News Source
Should U.S. corporations be taxed on profits made abroad?
What are the pros and cons of California's Prop 61 "Drug Price Relief Act"?
What were the pros/cons to the Panama Free Trade Agreement?
Is there any proof that Trump is in debt to Russians?
The war in Colombia is coming to an end. How will that affect the region?
Live AMA with Parag Khanna, geopolitical futurist and author of Connectography: Mapping the Future of Global Civilization on /r/Geopolitics
What is the equation for Ted Cruz's endorsement of Trump?
Can we talk about the Republican Party's quick flip on free trade?
These are the details on how Trump plans to pay for the wall between US and Mexico, is this feasible?
Are claims that the DEA is unfair against the legalization of medical marijuana justified?
New Hampshire Results Discussion
8th Democratic Debate Megathread (Miami, FL)
What is the opposition to the 9/11 Zadroga Bill?
In 1992 and 1996, which states did Clinton win due to Perot's candidacy?
How viable is the ColoradoCare single-payer proposal?
What data would suggest success or failure in minimum wage increases?
Should Afghan diaspora be repatriated by Pakistan? Or should they be given Pakistani nationality for those who want to?
Can a president be bought? What would be the implications?
Solicitation of interest: /r/JihadInFocus for discussion and analysis of the actions, ideology, and propaganda of Jihadism
Is pew research a reliable source of information?
What are the implications of Turkey shooting down Russia's warplane?
[META
Political Podcast Suggestions?
What are the probable impacts of $15 minimum wage laws?
Are the teacher strikes and protests in Oaxaca rooted in legitimate grievances about Mexico's education reforms?
Italy's constitution doesn't allow referendums on matter of foreign policy (international treaties). How do you consider such a limitation?
Do you think the US should cut the defense budget?
Is there a good site for listing what the candidates have actually accomplished?
How does the world view the Obama presidency?
The Estate Tax: What is it, who does it affect, and why is it so controversial?
Who does Kasich staying in the race benefit?
What are the benefits of increasing border patrols in the E.U.? What do they control on the border?
4th Republican Debate LIVE Megathread
How is the Act of Being Registered with a Political Party Advantageous to the Voter?
Let's Talk About Saudi Arabia.
How would Bernie Sanders' tax regulations and other policies affect the US economy?
[META
How well does a presidential candidates favorability rating correspond with their performance in the general election in November?
What Were the Issues with the Gun Control Vote: Politics or Policy?
Discussion of the first US presidential debate
What are the 'conservative' and 'progressive' responses to the 'problem of automation'?
Who would each candidate choose as VP?
In July, Putin warned about the United States' development of anti-missile defense systems, stating it would disrupt the global balance of power and lead to more conflict. Is he right to be concerned about this, or is he spinning events to fit Russian interests?
What are the pros and cons of a "helicopter drop" by a central bank?
Why are there so many Independent officeholders in the Northeast United States?
What would a "moderate" justice look like?
Islamic radicalisation and deradicalisation in the West: What causes it, and what should be done?
Is "The Big Short" book a fair depiction of the housing bubble and subsequent financial crisis of the 2000 decade?
Are there more news magazines like The Economist but with different biases?
Republican Debate Megathread
Republican National Convention Megathread
What are the benefits and downsides to North Carolina's bond proposal?
Have there been any polls this election cycle using Ranked or Approval voting systems?
Is there any sort of precedent for citizens of a nation successfully suing another nation?
Did the data that Snowden release actually damage the US?
Did california's top-two system produce the closest to Condorcet candidate?
What are the merits of "fast track" powers for the President?
What would be the likely impacts of abolishing qualified immunity?
What would the "demise" of a political party look like today?
What are the pros and cons of a top-two primary?
If the Democrats win the election, can Obama retract his nomination of Merrick Garland for a more liberal judge?
In US Presidential races, do political endorsements matter?
Should drug use prior to the commission of a felony be a mitigating or an aggravating circumstance?
Turkey: What is being censored?
Would anyone go without an attorney, if the Legal Services Corporation had been defunded?
Will job growth as a result of tariffs exceed the job loss from diminishing demand as a result of the same tariffs?
If free movement of workers, goods and services within the EU is good, why limit the union to European countries?
How much do the United States and Western Europe share intelligence about terrorist related activities?
Do any prominent judges/justices in non-us countries utilize Originalism for constitutional interpretation.
Looking for an unbiased report/book on unions' effects on American economy, specifically pertaining to the auto industry
What are the most neutral sites or Newspapers in Australia?
According to International/Maritime law, which countries have rightful claim of the South China Sea?
How does a $12/$15 dollar minimum wage effect those already making that much?
How can the South China Sea territorial disputes be peacefully resolved?
Is changing party affiliation in order to run for elected office common?
Why is the US economy still considered to be struggling?
Sober, lay-accessible analysis of the history of SCOTUS decisions regarding gun control?
Trump Vs. Clinton Healthcare Views?
Would limiting or redistributing CEO salaries actually benefit employees?
How to promote a politics and law class to high schoolers
[META
Are European far-right parties, like the National Front and AfD, legitimately capable of winning major positions?
What is in the United States' interest if Britain stays in or out of the EU?
Would an Australian style Medicare levy work in the US?
Who exactly are Israeli settlers? What are the demographics?
Is campaigning for down ballot elections considered "the norm" for members of Congress? Or is it rare?
Pivot to Asia: Substantive Policy Outcomes, or Mostly Rhetoric?
If Trump secures the nomination, what is his path to victory in the general election?
Does anyone know of a relatively unbiased political quiz?
What are some good sites to learn about both sides of political issues?
Can someone explain why prediction markets have Kasich as more likely to win the nomination than Rubio?
Live AUA on Russian Foreign Policy with the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace on /r/Geopolitics
Why do countries like Russia, Philippines and Lithuania have such large number of women in high management roles?
Are paper ballot votes more credible than computer based?
What we talk about when we talk about "the establishment"
What are the potential consequences of the EU referendum?
Assuming that Trump and Clinton win their party nominations, what sort of effect can we expect on the 2016 congressional elections?
What would Trump's foreign policy as president look like?
Who makes the decision whether someone is eligible to become president?
What prevents a US citizen from moving to a US state with public healthcare and great welfare benefits?
Slowing things down (an update to the automod removing top level comments without sources)
Why does China support UNSC reform?
Are the effects of US trade agreements like NAFTA on the working class becoming more politically visible?
What is the economic impact of illegal immigration on the United States?
Seeking clarification about superdelegate controversy
Most Neutral Website for Politics?
Is it a good idea to reduce the patent length on pharmaceutical drugs? How about price fixing?
Does Marco Rubio's campaign depend on Bush/Christie/Kaisch dropping out quickly?
I calculated and plotted the total tax increases for every possible income under the combination of all of Sanders' proposals. Please discuss.
How much influence do state and local endorsements have in primary elections?
What is the best news / world news source that is neutral and unbiased?
You will be the moderator of the next democratic/republican debate. What five questions would you ask each candidate?
If Bloomberg enters the US Presidential race, how likely does it become that the House picks our next POTUS?
Did the videos by the Center for American Progress accurately portray the practices of Planned Parenthood? Can we even know?
How might campaign contributions lead to corruption? Where is the line? How can you tell if a politician is corrupt?
[Fourth Democratic Presidential Debate thread
(Meta) With policy issues on which you're not neutral, how do you approach a conversation with the "other side" in order to understand their opposing view?
Do nuclear weapons really act as deterrents in the 21st century?
Unbiased books on the Great Recession
Request for impartial explanation of Hammond family ranching history in Oregon
What have been the advantages and disadvantages to women entering the workforce? Is it a net gain or loss?
United States DHS releases new bulletin phase of NTAS
What are the legal arguments covering Obama's Immigration Accountability Executive Action?
A majority of Americans now advocate for sending ground troops to combat ISIS. Is this the right course of action?
Why is healthcare in the United Stated so inefficient?
Why is Trump doing so much better in the tracking polls than standard polls?
What independent evidence corroborates or refutes the allegations made via the recent James O'Keefe video?
[Announcement
How does the Philippines' potential "separation" from the US affect the power dynamics in Asia and the dispute over the South China Sea?
What are some arguments for and against the US's decision to spend so much on defense, and have military bases around the world?
What alternatives for a fair redistribution of districting have been proposed to counter gerrymandering?
What are the merits and drawbacks of California Proposition 60, condoms in pornographic films?
What is the neutral approach to addressing sexual assault allegations made against both Bill Clinton and Donald Trump?
What are the pros and cons of the Standing Rock pipeline?
What are the implications of Hillary Clinton's foreign policy principles in Syria and their effect on the American-Russian relationship? How do they differ from Obama's?
Final Debate Fact Checking Thread
Trump's tax plan: Does it actually raise taxes on the middle class?
In light of Lebron James' announcement to support Clinton - What historical effect have high profile celebrities/athletes had on polling/voting in their respective state?
What are the pros and cons of California's propositions on death penalty reform?
How do Democratic senators win in states that are solid for Republicans, and vice versa, with the decline of split ticket voting?
Looking for a site for economist's views
How serious are the accusations that Hillary Clinton silenced and damaged the reputations of women who alleged sexual misconduct by Bill Clinton?
What legislation is the left proposing to fix the gender wage gap that is not already in the Equal Pay Act of 1963?
What are the practical and hypothetical implications of the Obama Administration officially blaming Russia for interfering with the election?
Influence of education on social mobility and equality appears very low. What now?
Is there a way to find out the US debt repayment obligations broken down by year?
Post-debate discussion thread
Judicial activism: what is the proper definition; is there empirical evidence of this phenomenon; is it a feature or a bug; if a bug, what are policies that can deal with it?
[META
Why is the income of illegal aliens prorated (partially ignored) when considering household eligibility for the SNAP (food stamps) program? What kind of effect on our taxes, economy, and society does this provision have and is it a net positive or negative overall?
[META
What caused the fall of Salvador Allende and Rise of Pinochet?
Is Obamacare working or not? Should it be repealed?
Donald Trump has released a five point plan on ethics reform. Do these points have merit?
[META
Did Filipino Foreign Policy just pull a 180?
Looking for some college educated voter statistics, any help?
Corporate tax incentives and inter-state competition
Are there any constitutional provisions for a scenario where a major party candidate pulls out of the election?
Who would pay for family leave under Clinton's plan? Employers or the federal government?
Have there been any polls this election cycle using Ranked or Approval voting systems?
Harry Reid has accused James Comey of violating the Hatch Act. Is there a strong case to be made for this? Is there solid evidence for the Trump Campaign - Russian Actor allegation?
To what extent is a third party vote a vote for Trump or a vote for Clinton?
how do we know that the things wikileaks puts out is real?
Why don't the public have access to all Clintons emails (from her time as SoS) under the FOIA?
In light of Lebron James' announcement to support Clinton - What historical effect have high profile celebrities/athletes had on polling/voting in their respective state?
What legislation is the left proposing to fix the gender wage gap that is not already in the Equal Pay Act of 1963?
What independent evidence corroborates or refutes the allegations made via the recent James O'Keefe video?
Why is healthcare in the United Stated so inefficient?
[Announcement
What are the implications of Hillary Clinton's foreign policy principles in Syria and their effect on the American-Russian relationship? How do they differ from Obama's?
[META
To what extent is a third party vote a vote for Trump or a vote for Clinton?
How serious are the accusations that Hillary Clinton silenced and damaged the reputations of women who alleged sexual misconduct by Bill Clinton?
What is the neutral approach to addressing sexual assault allegations made against both Bill Clinton and Donald Trump?
Trump's tax plan: Does it actually raise taxes on the middle class?
What alternatives for a fair redistribution of districting have been proposed to counter gerrymandering?
Why is Trump doing so much better in the tracking polls than standard polls?
Harry Reid has accused James Comey of violating the Hatch Act. Is there a strong case to be made for this? Is there solid evidence for the Trump Campaign - Russian Actor allegation?
Why is the income of illegal aliens prorated (partially ignored) when considering household eligibility for the SNAP (food stamps) program? What kind of effect on our taxes, economy, and society does this provision have and is it a net positive or negative overall?
What are the merits and drawbacks of California Proposition 60, condoms in pornographic films?
No fact-checking thread for tonight's debate
[META
What are the pros and cons of California's propositions on death penalty reform?
What are some arguments for and against the US's decision to spend so much on defense, and have military bases around the world?
What caused the fall of Salvador Allende and Rise of Pinochet?
How do Democratic senators win in states that are solid for Republicans, and vice versa, with the decline of split ticket voting?
What are the practical and hypothetical implications of the Obama Administration officially blaming Russia for interfering with the election?
Corporate tax incentives and inter-state competition
What are the pros and cons of the Standing Rock pipeline?
Are there any constitutional provisions for a scenario where a major party candidate pulls out of the election?
Influence of education on social mobility and equality appears very low. What now?
How does the Philippines' potential "separation" from the US affect the power dynamics in Asia and the dispute over the South China Sea?
Who would pay for family leave under Clinton's plan? Employers or the federal government?
Post-debate discussion thread
Did Filipino Foreign Policy just pull a 180?
how do we know that the things wikileaks puts out is real?
Final Debate Fact Checking Thread
Looking for a site for economist's views
[META
Donald Trump has released a five point plan on ethics reform. Do these points have merit?
Looking for some college educated voter statistics, any help?
Judicial activism: what is the proper definition; is there empirical evidence of this phenomenon; is it a feature or a bug; if a bug, what are policies that can deal with it?
Is Obamacare working or not? Should it be repealed?
Is there a way to find out the US debt repayment obligations broken down by year?
Have there been any polls this election cycle using Ranked or Approval voting systems?
Trump denies saying not paying taxes 'makes me smart' an hour after he said it
The GOP got in bed with Sarah Palin in 2008 and woke up with Donald Trump in 2016
For just the third time its history, liberal magazine The Nation has endorsed a presidential candidate: Bernie Sanders
Maddow: "As A Gay Person In 1992, I Did Not Feel Like Bill Clinton Had My Back"
Gary Johnson supports: Citizens United, TPP, Fracking, KeystoneXL. Gary Johnson opposes: any Government Action on Climate Change, Any Minimum Wage, Any Gun Control, Net Neutrality, Obamacare, Financial Regulation, any Corporate Tax, Paid Maternity or Medical Leave
Charles Barkley Urges NBA To Move All-Star Game From North Carolina Due To Anti-LGBT Law
"Ive known Hillary Clinton since she was 19 years old, and have nothing but respect for her. She's the most qualified candidate for president of the political system we now have. But Sanders is the most qualified candidate to create the political system we should have.." - Robert Reich
Bernie Sanders: Senate votes are what Im paid to do - Sanders has missed 4% of votes, compared to 42% for Sen. Marco Rubio
A man who led a presidential blowjob inquisition has been accused of sexual abuse by four people
Donald Trump absolutely did say global warming is a Chinese hoax
George W. Bush's White House "lost" 22 million emails
Donald Trump didn't write "The Art of the Deal". His ghostwriter has come forward and calls Trump dangerous to national safety.
Why Justice Scalia was staying for free at a Texas resort: The trip was a gift from the ranchs owner, who just last year obtained a favorable result from the Supreme Court
Texas's Republican Governor & Florida's Republican Attorney General Received $60,000 in Political Donations from Donald Trump After They Dropped Official Investigations Into Trump University
Sarah Palin actually blames Obama for her son's domestic violence
Minutes after Scalia's death right-wingers seek to block nominee Obama hasnt even appointed yet
Sanders to 'Bernie or Bust' Movement: I'm Not With You
Bernie Sanders Wins Readers Poll for TIME Person of the Year
Conservatives Should Blame Capitalism for the 'War on Christmas': Liberals arent the Ones Who Replaced the Spirit of Christmas with Soulless Commercialism.
A therapist, trying to help an autistic patient, shot by police while lying on the ground with his hands up.
Obamacare "is the biggest job-killer in this country -- millions of Americans have lost their jobs, have been forced into part-time work."  Ted Cruz on Thursday, January 28th, 2016 in comments during the Iowa Republican presidential debate
The Chinese Government Is Now Using Donald Trump As Proof That Democracy Doesnt Work
Texas upgraded the Planned Parenthood sting perpetrator charges to a felony
Trump used $258,000 from his charity to settle legal problems
Obama: I am a single-issue voter on guns: "I will not campaign for, vote for or support any candidate, even in my own party, who does not support common-sense gun reform. And if the 90% of Americans who do support common-sense gun reforms join me, we will elect the leadership we deserve."
Melania Trump's speech plagiarizes parts of Michelle Obama's
More Americans support Bernie than The Donald -- but he gets 1/23 the TV coverage
'The Walking Dead' Will Walk Out Of Georgia If Anti-LGBT Law Passes
USA TODAY exclusive: Hundreds allege Donald Trump doesnt pay his bills
Trump Hotel Bookings Plummet 60% as Global Boycott Escalates
300 Union Plumbers Spent The Weekend Installing Water Filters For Flint Residents For Free
Anti-Obama march organizer fatally shoots right-wing militant buddy in drunken dispute over gun
Archaeologists To Ben Carson: Ancient Egyptians Wrote Down Why The Pyramids Were Built
All of the Sept. 11 attackers entered the United States using tourist, business or student visas. Since then, most of the attackers in the United States claiming or appearing to be motivated by extremist Islam were born in this country or were naturalized citizens. None were refugees.
No one should feel sorry for Ted Cruz: His humiliating defeat is exactly what he deserved
Getting a photo ID so you can vote is easy. Unless youre poor, black, Latino or elderly.
Sanders: African-Americans lost half their wealth because of Wall Street collapse
Fox News: Where Protests Against Racial Discrimination Are Anarchy But Armed Protests Against Federal Law Are "Patriotic"
Trump didn't pay taxes to IRS, claimed negative income, unearthed old IRS filings show
Donald Trump Is Paying Himself to Run for President: The GOP frontrunner likes to brag that he self-funds his presidential campaign. What he doesnt mention is that hes profiting off it as well.
The Bundys want federal land 'returned' to them. But it was never 'theirs' in the first place.
Millennials have gotten royally screwed: Thats why theyre voting for Bernie Sanders
REPORT: Ledger reveals Trump's campaign chief was earmarked $12.7M from pro-Russian interests in Ukraine
Oregon judge plans to bill Ammon Bundy up to $70,000 a day for security costs to county
A City Clerk Refused to Put Voting Site on Campus Because 'Students Lean More Toward the Democrats'
Sanders: Welfare Reform More Than Doubled 'Extreme Poverty' - Mostly True
Obama To Nominate Supreme Court Justice When Senate Returns: White House
GOP Strategist Calls Trump Supporters 'Childless, Single Men Who Masturbate To Anime'
Former President Jimmy Carter's cancer has stopped spreading and is "responding well to treatment," The Carter Center in Atlanta said in a statement Tuesday.
Louisiana governor signs executive order protecting LGBT employees
Abortion Is Great: "stop the 'awfulization' of abortion and embrace it as a social good...'This is not the right time for me' should be reason enough to have an abortion."
President Obama Just Vetoed a Bill That Would Have Blocked Millions of Patients from Receiving Care at Planned Parenthood Health Centers
Sanders Proves the Pundits Wrong - Not only is Bernie defying the odds, but hes doing it by showing that an authentic candidate with an authentic message can generate an authentic peoples movement.
The Senators Who Voted Against Background Checks Have Received $27 Million From the NRA
After Two Fatal Police Shootings, Trump Calls for 'Nationwide Stop-and-Frisk'. 'The idea of creating a national stop-and-frisk policy is the equivalent of advancing martial law and is beyond the constitutional power of the presidency'
Hillary Clinton is now the only candidate not pandering to the anti-vaccine movement
Ted Cruz lost a New York district to Ben Carson, who's not even running
Republicans Won't Even Fake It: GOP leaders are skipping any pretense of working with Democrats or the White House.
Media Shrugs as Thousands of Bernie Sanders Supporters March Across the Country - In the first-ever nationwide march for a presidential candidate, thousands of people in at least 35 cities took to the streets
Why I Left the Right: How Studying Religion Made Me a Liberal
Hostages were released as soon as Ronald Reagan took office because Iran perceived that America was "no longer under the command of someone weak." --  Marco Rubio on Sunday, January 17th, 2016 in an interview on "Meet the Press"
Poll: Voters Increasingly See Sanders As Electable - The more Democrats learn about Bernie Sanders, the more they appear to like him.
'Anyone who shrugs and claims that change is just too hard has crawled into bed with the billionaires who want to run this country like some private club' - Elizabeth Warren
Alabama Surrenders In Fight Against Planned Parenthood; The state will pay Planned Parenthood's legal fees after failed suit.
The former Republican congressman who pushed legislation nearly 20 years ago that effectively banned the federal government from funding research on gun violence is calling on Congress to reverse that law.
Obama's team says the GOP earned Donald Trump; Loyalists say that after two terms of obstruction, Republicans are getting the anger candidate their rhetoric created.
The greatest threat to America? Republicans | "To borrow the rhetoric of their candidates, the party is now an existential threat to America's leadership of the global community."
Why Do We Hear More About Hillary's Emails Than Donald Trump's Rape Charges?
Grayson, who is also a superdelegate, decided his endorsement after asking his supporters to take part in an online poll to determine who he should support. The results were overwhelmingly in favor of Sanders, who received 84%
If Democrats refused to deal with a conservative tv network, the media would explode with condemnation. But when Republican presidential candidates do so, how come no one says anything?
Trump recorded having extremely lewd conversation about women in 2005
"Trump support in the primaries was strongly correlated with racial resentment: Were looking at a movement of white men angry that they no longer dominate American society the way they used to. And to pretend otherwise is to give both the movement and the man who leads it a free pass."
Poll: GOP disapproval highest since 1992
Crowds are streaming into arenas all around the country to hear Sanders' fact-studded speeches (which are more like ardent tutorials on democracy than rah-rah stump speeches)
Longtime Republican consultant: if black people voted Republican, voter ID laws wouldn't happen
After Orlando, time to recognize that anti-gay bigotry is not religious freedom
Donald Trump's Pants on Fire claim of 'large scale voter fraud'
Mike Pence can't believe Tim Kaine would insult Donald Trump by quoting him
Bernies idealism is his greatest virtue: America needs dreamers  and now more than ever
The Polls Aren't Skewed: Trump Really Is Losing Badly
Judge orders two North Carolina congressional districts redrawn due to racial gerrymandering
Disabled woman beaten bloody by TSA agents after becoming confused and afraid at security checkpoint
Donald Trump's companies destroyed or hid documents in defiance of court orders
Kansas Ends Bad Economic News by Not Reporting It: "By just about every measure, Kansas tax experiment has failed to meet the promised performance objectives."
If the election is really rigged, 33 states are rigged by Republicans
Gary Johnson Is Not Worth Any Liberals Protest Vote
Sanders becomes first Jewish candidate to win a state's primary
The truth is that the whole G.O.P. seems stuck in a time loop, saying and doing the same things over and over. And unlike Bill Murrays character in the movie Groundhog Day, Republicans show no sign of learning anything from experience.
Elizabeth Warren is on her way to becoming the most powerful liberal in the Senate
Texas Abortion Limits Struck Down by Supreme Court
It's A Fact: 97 Percent Of Climate Scientists Know Humans Cause Climate Change
What Americans Dont Get About Nordic Countries - My taxes in Finland were used to pay for top-notch services for me
Life Got Better Under Obama, According to Gallup
The next president will likely appoint 4 Supreme Court justices: Who do you want picking them?
Anyone who supports Donald Trump is a traitor to the American idea.
Trump promised millions to charity. We found less than $10,000 over 7 years.
"Donald Trump has directed nearly one-fifth of his campaign cash to companies that are part of his vast business empire, new federal records show."
Gay reporter walks off set: "Today, the 'we only care about LGBT rights if Muslims are involved' brigade are out in force. As a gay man, I am proud to [have
Trump's income tax returns once became public. They showed he didn't pay a cent.
Bernie Sanders Calls for Automatic Federal Investigations of Deaths in Police Custody
Twitter mocks white Oregon militia as Y'allQaeda and VanillaIsis
GOP will block Supreme Court nominees for Clinton, too: "I promise you that we will be united against any Supreme Court nominee that Hillary Clinton, if she were president, would put up," McCain said.
Clinton's lead now up to double digits, new NBC/WSJ poll shows
A man who has declared bankruptcy four times isnt a great person to put in charge of job creation. We have too much blind faith in business leaders.
NRA Members Want To Know Why Their Organization Isnt Defending Philando Castile
When Fox News Didn't Blame The White House For A Huge Terror Attack In Europe - In 2004 Bush was never mentioned in Fox coverage of the terrorist attack in Spain; but Obama is to blame for the France attack according to Fox now
Donald Trump Can't Shut Down New York Times Tax-Leak Showing He Lost Nearly $1 Billion In 1995
Jon Stewart on Late Show exposes Fox News double talk & bias
The Dallas Police Shooter Bought An AK-47 Via Facebook: The Sale Was Made With No Background Check And Was Finalized In A Parking Lot.
Fox News mocks woman on minimum wage who cant afford food: Its the lifestyle you chose
Donald Trump actually admitted that he doesnt check his facts. Seriously.
Senator Who Once Railed Against Delaying SCOTUS Confirmations Says He'll Delay SCOTUS Confirmation
The One Congress Member Donald Trump Endorsed Just Lost Her Primary
Harriet Tubman will replace Andrew Jackson on $20 bill
The U.S. Department of Transportation has just launched an investigation into whether Alabama is discriminating against African-American residents after announcing plans to shut down or reduce service at 34 state drivers license offices.
There has never been a major party nominee in U.S. history as unqualified for the presidency as Donald Trump. The risk of Trump winning, however remote, represents the biggest national security threat that the United States faces today
The success of Bernie Sanders's insurgency should be a wake-up call to the Democratic establishment
NRA blocks law to prevent suspected terrorists from buying guns. From 2004-2014, over 2000 suspected and known terrorists on the FBI Terrorist Watchlist have legally purchased firearms.
Donald Trump Will be Called to Testify in Trial About His 'University': "We believe that Mr. Trump and Mr. Sexton will be essential witnesses at trial. As we will prove in court, Donald Trump and his sham for-profit college defrauded thousands of students out of millions of dollars"
The unemployment rate doubled under Bush. It's fallen by more than one-third under Obama.
Sarah Palin ludicrously claims that Bill Nye 'is as much a scientist as I am'
Garrison Keillor to Donald Trump: When this is over, you will have nothing that you want
Gallup: Life got better for pretty much everyone under Obama
It gets worse: Trump supporter yells Sieg heil! as protester violently dragged out of Vegas rally
Former Texas Regulator Said He Was Muzzled For Investigating Trump University
Last Week Tonight with John Oliver: Donald Trump (HBO)
DNC and DWS Go All In On Corruption: Obama Ban on Federal Lobbyist Contributions Rolled Back
Biden: Get Money Out of Politics & Start Within the Democratic Primaries
Whistleblower Cops Reveal Decades Of Planting Guns & Drugs On Innocent Blacks
Al Gore: 'Consider me exhibit A' for why each vote matters
In victory for Bernie Sanders, Ohio judge says 17-year-olds can vote in primary
The Armed Oregon Ranchers Who Want Free Land Are Already Getting A 93 Percent Discount
GOP chair wrongly claims 'facts' show children do better with straight parents
Supreme Court rules domestic abusers can lose gun ownership rights
Sanders Wins Big Over Clinton In Minn., Claiming Every Congressional District - Sanders routed Hillary Clinton in a contest that almost everyone thought would be a close one. Sanders predicted he would do well if the turnout was big, and it was.
"The richest 80 people in the world own more wealth than the bottom half of the global population." - Bernie Sanders - Rated Mostly True by Politifact
Republicans still can't explain why their economic ideas keep failing
Bernie or Bust' protesters  if you genuinely believe Hillary Clinton is worse than Donald Trump, you're deluded
Sorry, Donald Trump, the Trump University judge was just following the law
Flint Residents STILL Dont Have Clean Water, And No One Is Paying Attention
Physicist Stephen Hawking bewildered by Trump - Hawking called Trump "a demagogue who seems to appeal to the lowest common denominator
JK Rowling: Voldemort was nowhere near as bad as Donald Trump
The Islamic State wants you to hate refugees
CNN's President Says It Was A Mistake To Air So Many Trump Rallies And "Let Them Run"
London's New Mayor: I Won't Be Able To Visit The U.S. If Trump Wins
Hillary Clinton wrongly says Bernie Sanders wants to delay the Clean Power Plan. We rate Clintons claim False.
Bernie Sanders is the future of the Democratic Party
Business has created jobs every month since Obamacare became law, Obama said in State of the Union
Republicans trying to ban refugees because of Daesh (ISIS) are COWARDS. They're so afraid of terrorists that they'll let widows and orphans die in the Mediterrannean Sea rather than risk it.
Donald Trumps poll numbers are so bad his supporters are making up new ones
This is how fascism comes to America: "The Republican Partys attempt to treat Donald Trump as a normal political candidate would be laughable were it not so perilous to the republic."
Cliven Bundy Denied Bail At Hearing
Texas good guy with a gun shoots carjacking victim in head  then runs away
Diner owner whose menu lampoons Obama guilty in welfare fraud case
North Carolina high school to allow students to carry pepper spray because it "may be useful for students who encounter transgender classmates in the bathroom."
Malala Yousafzai Calls Donald Trump Comments 'Full of Hate'
Virginia governor will individually sign 200,000 orders restoring voting rights to former inmates after state court votes 4-3 against blanket executive order
Ann Coulter Gets Destroyed by Comics at Rob Lowe Roast
Democrats Are Holding the Senate Floor Indefinitely for Gun Control, and the Internet Is Going Nuts: There's no telling how long the #filibuster will go.
Ben Carson: I Didn't Want To Endorse Trump, But He Promised Me A Position
Why America Is Moving Left: Republicans may have a lock on Congress and the nations statehousesand could well win the presidencybut the liberal era ushered in by Barack Obama is only just beginning
'Pharma bro' Martin Shkreli arrested on federal securities fraud charges
Paul Ryan Attacked Bernie Sanders. It Backfired Spectacularly.
For the Wealthiest, a Private Tax System That Saves Them Billions: "While Democrats like Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton have pledged to raise taxes on these voters, virtually every Republican has advanced policies that would vastly reduce their tax bills"
Judge: No evidence of crimes in Planned Parenthood videos
Hillary Clinton Says Donald Trump's Ideas 'Are Not So Different' From All Republican Candidates
Teen Beauty Queens Say Trump Walked In On Them Changing
Trump brags about not paying taxes: 'That makes me smart'
A 90-Year-Old Woman Whos Voted Since 1948 Was Disenfranchised by Wisconsins Voter-ID Law
55 Reasons Obama Will Go Down As One Of Our Best Presidents
Trump Says He Will Delegate Supreme Court Appointments To The Heritage Foundation
Trump supporter tells CBS: He will make America great again like it was before the homosexuals
Oil company sics dogs on Native Americans protesting pipeline through their burial grounds
Donald Trump took 5 different positions on abortion in 3 days
Warren slams GOP over Trump: You did this to yourselves
Donald Trump talks at a fourth-grade level. Maybe thats why the Fox News audience loves him
It's official  benefits and high taxes make us all richer, while inequality takes a hammer to a country's growth
Kaine accurately recalls the time Gadhafi had a tent put up on Trump's estate
Donald Trump Says It's 'Very Appropriate' For His Supporters To Beat Protesters At Rallies
Bernie Sanders Demands Full Investigation Of DNC
UK somehow manages fifth successive year with no mass shootings
Retired 4-star general: Donald Trump is an 'abusive braggart' unfit to lead our Armed Forces
Court Strikes Down Scott Walker's Right-To-Work Law As Unconstitutional
The Judgment to Lead: Why I'm Endorsing Bernie Sanders (DNC Vice Chair Tulsi Gabbard)
Maine Gov. Paul LePage: you shoot "the enemy" in war, and people of color are "the enemy" right now
Six New Jersey newspapers call on Christie to resign
Liberal group demands Debbie Wasserman Schultz resign
Ghazala Khan: Trump criticized my silence. He knows nothing about true sacrifice.
Bernie Sanders is Americas spirit animal: Why this country is much more progressive than you think -- It's true. Even as we descend into an election year defined by right-wing extremism, the numbers simply don't lie
Bernie Sanders Becomes the First Presidential Candidate to Reach Two Million Individual Campaign Contributions: In 2008, Obama Had Just One Million
KING: White men killed most cops in 2016, conservatives silent | "Instead, 71% of police who've been shot and killed so far in 2016 have been killed by good old-fashioned white men."
Virginia Governor Restores Voting Rights to Felons; The action effectively overturns a Civil War-era provision in the state's Constitution aimed, he said, at disenfranchising African-Americans.
The Fracking Process Is Now The Leading Cause Of Earthquakes In Texas
Elizabeth Warren: "Donald Trump is a loser. Count all his failed businesses."
Former Head of US Special Forces: Bushs War in Iraq Created ISIS
Unfiltered Voices From Donald Trump's Crowds
Why The New Child Rape Case Filed Against Donald Trump Should Not Be Ignored
Trump puts GOP House majority in jeopardy; Democrats already have reasonable odds of flipping a dozen or so House seats.
No, the Senates Supreme Court Blockade Has Never Happened in American History
Bernie Sanders' Campaign Raises $1 Million in 1 Day During Fight With DNC
Clinton Holds 11-Point National Lead Over Trump: NBC/WSJ Poll
Trump praises Putin. Again.
Washington judge rules public hospitals must provide abortions on site if they also provide maternity services
Fox News Almost Hosted a Trump/Sanders Debate, But Trump Backed Out
Democrat John Bel Edwards wins Louisiana governor's race
Militia Men Arrested In Alleged Plot To Bomb Kansas Mosque After Election
Former Miss Teen USA: I was warned Trump didn't like black people
Of roughly $250 million raised for and against 17 ballot measures coming before California voters in November, more than a quarter of that amount  about $70 million  has been contributed by deep-pocketed drug companies to defeat the states Drug Price Relief Act.
Hillary Clinton Campaign Says She Would Reschedule Marijuana
Kentucky's Governor Dramatically Cut Education Funding. Now He's Getting Sued.
John Oliver pounds Donald Trump's unfathomable ignorance about nuclear weapons
Justice Alito Is Clueless About How Health Insurance Works. That's a Big Problem for Women.
Hillary Clinton Opens 9-Point Lead on Trump in New National Poll, Gains Among Independents, Sanders Supporters
Stanford Swimmer Who Raped Unconscious Woman Gets Short Sentence Because Jail Would Have a Severe Impact on Him
Eric Fanning, First Openly Gay Army Secretary, Confirmed by U.S. Senate
Ted Cruz drops out of the Republican presidential race
Right-Wing Extremists are a bigger threat to America than ISIS
Muslim woman ejected from Trump rally
Pro-Choice Groups Are Pushing US Authorities to Treat Anti-Abortion Attacks as Terrorism
Democrats Have a 60 Percent Chance to Retake the Senate
Elizabeth Warren Fires Back At 'Pathetic Coward' Donald Trump After Assassination Suggestion
Joe McCarthy was brought down by attacks on his decency. Trump will lose the same way.
We are not anti police. We are anti-our-people-being-murdered-in-the-streets.
Sanders Receives Perfect Score from League of Conservation Voters
Majority of Democrats say socialism has 'positive impact'  Preferred to capitalism by a margin of 46 percent to 19 percent
Virginia Will No Longer Recognize Concealed Carry Handgun Permits From 25 States
Trump Proves That Liberals Have Been Right All Along: The left nailed the pathology of the conservative movement years ago. The Donald is just making that impossible to deny.
The University of North Carolinas New President Should Scare Anyone Who Cares About Higher Ed: "Spellings is a Karl Rove protg who calls students 'customers,' and now shes in charge of the states prestigious public university system."
Steve King, patriarch of the birther movement, endorses Canadian-born Cuban Ted Cruz for President.
Trump supporter leaves CNN anchor speechless
Breitbart Editor Milo Yiannopoulos Takes $100,000 for Charity, Gives $0
Trump University taught students how to exploit disabled homeowners
And now, a case of really bad Republican timing: "Republicans have become the party that would make financial fraud easier to pull off."
As promised, Aetna is pulling out of Obamacare after DOJ blocked its merger: Insurance giant claims losses alone spurred decision, but there are clear links to merger.
Dealing a blow to gun supporters, a federal appeals court ruled Thursday that Americans do not have a constitutional right to carry concealed weapons in public.
Bernie Sanders' stunning popularity is 'almost unheard of'
Bernie Sanders spent more time speaking on the Senate floor this year than any of the other people running for president
Scott Walker outlaws investigations into ... Scott Walker
Obama admits to laughing at Trump during debates
Mississippi's New Anti-LGBT Bill Claims That Women Can Be Fired For Wearing Pants
An Open Letter to Trump Voters from His Top Strategist-Turned-Defector: "He certainly was never prepared or equipped to go all the way to the White House, but his ego has now taken over the drivers seat, and nothing else matters
Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia dead at 79.
Girl Scouts choose transgender girls over $100,000 donation
Donald Trump would 'certainly' and 'absolutely' create a database of Muslims
Kmart Employees Will Have To Work On Thanksgiving, But They Still Don't Know When [ BOYCOTT. 
Trump Tax Records Obtained by The Times Reveal He Could Have Avoided Paying Taxes for Nearly Two Decades
Army veteran shreds Trump: I served with Muslims and Latinos  hes only interested in serving himself
Sanders beats Clinton in Wisconsin
Cop Who Shot Black Chicago Teen 16 Times Charged With Murder
Vitter Defeat Clears Way For Obamacare Medicaid Expansion In Louisiana
Obama: once out of office, I'm gonna stop being polite and start getting real
FL bill to defund Planned Parenthood would send women to dentists, school nurses for healthcare needs
Scott Walker Corruption Case Threatens to Implicate Wisconsin Supreme Court Justices
Madeleine Albright: ISIS Wants Us to Think Refugees Are the Enemy: "They want to divide the world between Muslims and non-Muslims, and between the defenders and attackers of Islam. By making Syrian refugees the enemy, we are playing into their hands."
Donald Trump's attack on Khizr and Ghazala Khan hurt him more than any political gaffe yet.
Obama's Approval Rating Hits Almost Three-Year High
GOP Senator Breaks Ranks, Calls Party's Supreme Court Strategy 'Obstructionist'
Leader of Oregon occupation Ammon Bundy, three others arrested
Oregon militants brawl as friends beg them to go home: 'You're surrounded by informants'
Everything Senator Ted Cruz said about climate change in this NPR interview was wrong.
Trump's tax attorney: he didn't understand the tax code and wasn't interested in learning
The right wing hates America: The loudest flag-waving patriots are always the dangerous hypocrites
Sanders: We must rethink 'failed' war on drugs
Bernie Sanders sweeps to 2 to 1 victory in Maine Democratic caucus
Ted Cruz Hates New York Values But Sure Loves New York Money
Ben Carson's unusual theory about pyramids
Trump Loyalists Planned Voter Intimidation Using Fake ID Badges, Fake Exit Polling -- Until HuffPost Asked Them About It
Trump Is OK With Calling Ivanka a "Piece of Ass" and Other Horrible Things He Told Howard Stern
Iowa Democrats OK 'Legalizing All Drugs' In Official Party Platform
How Liberals have been changing my viewpoint
Obama Declares State Of Emergency Over Flint's Contaminated Water
Plane crew almost lets man die because they refuse to believe black woman is a doctor. | Workplace
A Trump Empire Built on Inside Connections and $885 Million in Tax Breaks
Trump Suggests Shooting Clinton, Her Supreme Court Picks, Or Both
Donald Trump mistakenly refers to 9/11 as 7/11 in speech gaffe during Buffalo rally
Cliven Bundy arrested in Portland as Oregon occupiers say they will surrender Thursday
DMV Recordings Show Wisconsin Is Systematically Failing to Provide the Photo IDs Required to Vote in November
Trump Wants To Pay Legal Fees Of Man Who Sucker Punched Protester
The "Sanders's Path to Victory All but Blocked" narrative, reflects not our reality, but the wishful thinking of the corporate media
Snyder Aide Says Governor Knew About Flint Water Issues A Year Before Action Was Taken
Tip Leads Bomb Squad To Man Suspected Of Making Bombs In Richmond Home To Harm Muslims; The man appeared to be a supporter of Presidential candidate Donald Trump. A post on his Facebook page said he would follow Trump "to the end of the world."
How Donald Trump is breathing life into America's dying white supremacist movement
Texas Lands In Court For Trying To Defund Planned Parenthood
Bernie Sanders says over half of black workers earn less than $15 an hour
Gerrymandering could cost Democrats the House in 2016. Why? Because it probably did in 2012
Elizabeth Warren: It Matters Greatly Who the Democratic President Is
Vote Distribution In Kentucky Is A 'Significant Anomaly': "the KY-Gov's race 'has to be looked at as a questionable outcome, particularly because of the discrepancies in the down ballot races. More votes in those races and not at the top...that just doesn't happen.'"
You worthless  scum: What its like to be targeted by a Donald Trump subreddit
Trump's campaign manager accidentally admits Trump broke the law on live TV
Some Republicans Acknowledge Leveraging Voter ID Laws for Political Gain
GOP Excludes Birth Control From Zika Bill, Playing Political Games with Childrens Health
News coverage of Hillary Clinton often emphasizes gender over competency, study shows
Gun broker cancels sale of George Zimmerman's gun used to kill Trayvon Martin
Bernie Sanders Is Taking on Goliath And Starting to Win
Chris Christie Vetoes Legislation Making It Easier To Vote In New Jersey
Update: Gay rights group unendorses Mark Kirk, backs Tammy Duckworth instead
Donald Trump advisor meetings with Russian officials being investigated
The Case Against Jill Stein. Though it's frustrating for many progressives who long for a viable third party, there are serious questions about Stein's judgement
Trump is pushing radical nationalist and isolationist ideas... He has a fallacious view of America as a nation in decline and disrespected abroad, and his plans to disengage from the world, tear up trade deals and use bullying tactics would be irrational and dangerous.
Judges order: Elliott Williams' jail cell became 'burial crypt.' After more than five days on the concrete floor of Medical Prison Cell #1, Elliott Williams died naked, cold and alone, unable to move of a broken neck.
Alabama county officials refuse to lower flag to honor Orlando shooting victims
Filibuster Ends After GOP Agrees to Allow Gun Control Votes: Senator
North Dakota Loses Abortion Case, Must Pay $245,000 to Abortion Rights Group
A cop's guide on how not to get hurt by cops. This scared the living daylights out of me. I can't believe it's not an Onion article.
Ted Cruz appoints anti-Muslim conspiracy theorist as security adviser
The Trump campaign just selected a white nationalist leader as one of its delegates in California
Trump: If Abortion Is Outlawed, Women Seeking It Should Be Punished
Donald Trump Called Deaf 'Apprentice' Marlee Matlin 'Retarded'
Trumps economic team is loaded with the same Tea Party cranks who destroyed Kansass economy
Donald Trump savages Japan, saying all they will do is 'watch Sony TVs' if US is attacked and threatening to 'walk' away from treaty
Roughly 80 percent of gun owners support the gun control legislation that GOP senators just blocked. The NRA has given more than $36 million to the 56 GOP senators who blocked 4 gun control measures today.
Elizabeth Warren just absolutely shredded Donald Trump. Theres a lot more like this to come.
No More Excuses: Sen. Warren Lambastes DOE on Student Loans: Democrat from Massachusetts says US Department of Education goes to 'extraordinary lengths' to protect student loan companiesat borrowers' expense
"We have more illegal immigrants here" than we did five years ago.  Marco Rubio on Sunday, January 31st, 2016 in an interview on NBC's "Meet the Press"
The NRA sells itself as a group that represents gun owners in the United States. But plenty of evidence suggests that it functions more like a powerful lobbying group for gun manufacturers and a political front for a small-but-vocal group of Second Amendment hardliners.
Khizr Khan Says He Would Live This Week A 'Hundred Million Times' Over
The GOPs War on Voting Is Working -  Wisconsin and Minnesota are case studies in the difference between Republican and Democratic rule.
Pastor says in online sermon that he's sad Omar didn't "finish the job" at the gay nightclub.
Donald Trump moves to block the release of his video testimony in university lawsuit: "he looks like Richard Nixon during Watergate"
North Carolina Lawmakers Introduce Bill To Repeal Sweeping Anti-LGBT Law
John Kasich Tells Woman Asking About Sexual Assault To Avoid Parties With Alcohol
2 Abortion Foes Behind Planned Parenthood Videos Are Indicted
The Tea Party Is Slowly Dying, But It's Being Replaced By Fascism | "The Republican Party is lurching away from the Tea Party and toward a frightening marriage of religious fanaticism and fascism. Based on history, this cannot end well, at all."
The Republican Congress heads toward recess with no answers for Zika, gun violence, or anything else
North Carolina LGBT law prompts Lionsgate to pull production of new Hulu show from Charlotte
Jerry Brown: If Trump Wins, We'll Build A Wall Around California
Tiny nonprofit veterans charity turns down $100,000 bribe to be props at Trump rally
Rubio Implodes in New Hampshire Debate By Acting Like a Broken Robot
PEOPLE Reveals 6 Witnesses Who Corroborate Natasha Stoynoff's Story of Being Attacked by Donald Trump
Trump's Casino Bankruptcies Cost His Employees Millions in Retirement Savings
Trumps apology sounds like a rapist saying she asked for it
That "bad dude" Tulsa police gunned down on Friday "Was a father," a "son," and a student
Donald Trump gave another interview yesterday that should be shocking - but we're numb. Which is a huge problem for Hillary
Experts say white supremacists see Trump campaign as "last stand"
Trump's Musings On Nukes May Be Most Disqualifying Thing He's Done
Republicans nominate dangerously insane person to lead America, then panic when he proves hes dangerously insane
Trump spokesperson: Why bother having nuclear weapons if youre afraid to use them?
Video Shows Donald Trump Sexually Humiliating Woman Before Large Audience
Alcohol Industry Bankrolls Fight Against Legal Pot in Battle of the Buzz
For Donald Trump there is some very basic, very real math between him and the White House. Women generally make up more than half of the U.S. presidential electorate and polls show they don't really seem to like the Republican frontrunner.
Senator Lindsey Graham is ending his presidential campaign, he told CNN during an exclusive interview airing Monday.
No, there is no evidence that Hillary Clinton has Parkinsons disease
Bernie Sanders Arrest Photo From Civil Rights Protest Emerges
It's started! OBAMA IS TAKING AWAY OUR GUNS! IT HAPPENED TO ME!
If You Hear President Obama and John Kerry Call ISIS "Daesh," Here's Why
Trump's pitch to black voters: 'What the hell do you have to lose?': Speaking in a Michigan city where the population is 93 percent white, the Republican nominee doubled down on his controversial pitch to African-American voters.
Before 6 a.m., Donald Trump proved Hillary Clintons point about his temperament
The whole reason for having an independent third party that cannot be silenced is there are 25 percent of Bernies voters who are not going into that dark night to vote for the No. 1 cheerleader for Wal-Mart, for Wall Street, for an endless war, Stein said
Sen. Elizabeth Warren to Republicans: Do Your Job on a Supreme Court Nominee
The Conservative Era Is Over: Antonin Scalias death has already changed the way the Supreme Courtand conservative litigantsdo business.
Analysis Of Kentucky Election Results Indicates Fraud
Martin Shkreli is still refusing to answer to the US government for jacking up the price of a critical drug, and he's not alone
Introducing The Trump News ChannelComing in 2017? - If Trump loses, his consolation prize may be a whole new right wing media juggernaut.
At A Donald Trump Rally, Supporters Call For The Death Of Hillary Clinton
Bill Clinton Blames Millennials For Anger, Economy, Congress
John Kasich says DC residents can't vote because they vote for Democrats
NC Gov Lashes Out At Musicians Who Cancelled Shows Over Anti-LGBT Law
Emails show Michigan Gov. Snyder's office knew about Flint water disaster last March
"A [Republican
They have no shame: It's confirmed, Fox News lied egregiously (again) in its latest Benghazi "bombshell"; Newly released document confirms that Fox News (with an assist from the GOP) flagrantly lied about Benghazi
Elizabeth Warren Says Bernie "Talks From The Heart"
Donald Trump tape throws Republican politics into chaos
Grassley Admits Conservative Groups Are Behind His Supreme Court Blockade
Dear Republicans Words Do Effing Matter. I Do Blame You.
Matt Drudge Pushes Dangerous Conspiracy Theory That the Government Is Lying About the Strength of Hurricane Matthew
Heres how the GOP is already planning to make Hillary Clintons life miserable for the next 4 years
Its all a con: Trumps presidential campaign is as big a scam as Trump University - Like his sham "university," the GOP nominee's entire campaign is built on a foundation of lies and false promises
Donald Trump buys himself an attorney general for $25,000
Trump Hangs Up When WaPo Reporters Ask Him About Posing As Publicist
Boston Globe prints fake front page on 'President' Trump
Spokane cop raped sleeping female officer  and then his cop buddies covered it up: prosecutors
Drudge links to story outing more Republicans than Democrats for voter fraud. LOL
I Survived "Trump" Magazine - Barely
Sanders Names Cornel West, Keith Ellison To DNC Platform Committee
Florida's war on women: State passes massive anti-choice bill to shut down access to abortion and contraception
On Sunday, Sanders Pledged Not to Raise Taxes on the Middle Class to Fund Healthcare and Education Programs
Obama Describes U.S. Gun Law Loophole as 'Insane': "Right now, people on the No-Fly list can walk into a store and buy a gun. That is insane. If you're too dangerous to board a plane, you're too dangerous, by definition, to buy a gun."
Officer accused of murdering 6-year-old claims self-defense
Trump: A vote for the Green Party helps me
Donald Trump Is Successfully Conning The Entire Country: The GOP front-runner is gaslighting us -- a technique that involves lying, then feigning outrage when caught.
Planned Parenthood files suit against anti-abortion videos group who secretly taped the group's officials talking about the sale of fetal tissue and released the heavily edited videos last year
Trump Is Making More States Competitive. Red States.
Rhode Island closes 66 percent of polling places to cut election costs
Trump Will Have A Hard Time Turning Blue States Red In November
Politifact Pants on Fire: Donald Trump's first TV ad shows migrants 'at the southern border,' but they're actually in Morocco
Sgt. James Brown, 26, Survived Two Tours in Iraq Only to Die Begging for His Life in Texas Jail
Harry Reid to FBI director Comey: "You may have broken the law"
The Partisan Winds Aimed at Kansas Court: "The court ruled that the punishing education spending cuts pushed through by Gov. Sam Brownback in recent years violated the state Constitutions requirement that adequate and fair funding be provided to all schools, rich and poor."
Former Trump University Workers Call the School a Lie and a Scheme in Testimony
Dont blame Bernie for fighting on  blame the Dems for trying to crush dissent
George Takei compares Trump fear-mongering to anti-Japanese hysteria during WWII
Republicans rejecting the Supreme Court nominee they asked for
President Clinton's Labor Secretary Endorses Bernie Sanders
Rand Paul drops out of White House race: "He had become an increasingly marginal figure in the still-sprawling GOP field. He finished fifth in Iowa, with less than 5 percent of the vote, but was projected to do much worse in next weeks New Hampshire primary"
Clinton Vaults to a Double-Digit Lead, Boosted by Broad Disapproval of Trump (Poll)
What Is the Trump Foundation? It's supposed to be a charity. It looks a lot more like a personal piggy bank.
Mass. High Court Says Black Men May Have Legitimate Reason To Flee Police
Aetna CEO Threatened Obamacare Pullout If Feds Opposed Humana Merger
Trump's Assassination Dog Whistle Was Even Scarier Than You Think
Gallup: Trump's speech the worst ever tested
In 1927, Fox News Service filmed Benito Mussolini telling immigrants to make America great
GOP Still Investigating Planned Parenthood, Even After Sting Videos Backfire
Obama: Every time Trump talks, 'he makes the case against' himself
Donald Trump Once Said His Wife Shouldn't Work Because She Should Prepare Dinner
Anonymous declares 'total war' on Donald Trump
Jeb Bush Confuses Tamir Rice Case With Chicago Shootings: 'My Bad'
Jeb Bush, in what was meant to be a light-hearted moment Wednesday, nicknamed a South Carolina elected official "Hurricane Katrina," a reference to a tragedy that killed nearly 2,000 people and is regarded as a low point in his brother's presidency.
Study: Average American Can Stand Four Seconds of Ted Cruz - The New Yorker
Trevor Noah Rips Matt Lauer for Terrible Job on Trumps Blatant Lies
Federal Judge Strikes A Critical Blow Against Wisconsin's Voter Suppression Law
Why the media will lift Trump up and tear Clinton down: "There are entire classes of professionals whose jobs are premised on the model of two roughly equal sides, clashing endlessly. "
California Senate votes to remove mandatory jail for prostitution
Obama to name Supreme Court nominee
Another Big Win For Obama As Health Care Cost Rising At Slowest Rate Since 1961
Bernie Sanderss refreshingly sane foreign policy
Woman accuses Donald Trump of groping her at 1998 tennis tournament
Trump Foundation lacks the certification required for charities that solicit money
Trumps Vegas Hotel Spent Half A Million Dollars To Stop Maids From Unionizing -- And Yet The Candidate Claims To Be A Friend Of Regular Working People.
Donald Trump: U.S. must "start thinking about" racial profiling
Native Americans in Nevada will have to travel almost 100 miles round-trip to vote
Fox News Sources: Gretchen Carlson Wasn't The First Roger Ailes Victim
Elizabeth Warren Unleashes on 'Loser' Donald Trump
Trump campaign co-chair arrested for conspiracy to commit an offense against the United States
Anybody notice the huge influx of conservatives on Reddit lately?
The Six Main Reasons Why The Times Tax Story Could Be Devastating For Trump
Maine Democrats to press for impeachment of Gov. LePage
The year of fear: Republicans and media stoked bigotry and anxiety in 2015
'The Daily Show' Effectively Debunks 'Good Guy with a Gun' Theory
Ben Carson Gives Rambling, Incoherent Answer About The Mideast
Leaked video: Republican senator supported Iraq war so he could spread Mormonism to the Middle East
Thanks To Obamacare, America's Uninsured Rate Has Fallen Below 9 Percent
Texas's Republican Attorney General, Currently Under Indictment for Securities Fraud, Tries to Silence Former Investigator Who Revealed He Was Ordered to Drop Trump University Probe Shortly Before the Attorney General Received a $35,000 Donation from Donald Trump
"In 2005, Republican National Committee Chairman Ken Mehlman apologized for the Southern Strategy. In 2016, their nominees campaign is currently being run by the man who oversaw the Southern Strategy for Reagan in 1980."
Liberal Biases, Too, May Block Progress on Climate Change: Liberal resistance to nuclear power plants, which emit virtually no greenhouse gases, could be damaging in the effort to combat climate change.
Kasich Says He Doesn't Understand Controversy Over Victim-Blaming Sexual Assault Comments
Joe Biden just told a very good joke, at Ted Cruzs expense
Hillary Clinton says Republican calls to leave Justice Scalia's seat vacant "dishonor our constitution"
Police Arrest Gunman After Shootout at Planned Parenthood in Colorado Springs
Detailed Explanation that more terror attacks in America are done by White Right Wing Radicals & White Supremacist.
The largest gay rights group in U.S. is maintaining their endorsement of this racist Senator
How Donald Trump Retooled His Charity To Spend Other Peoples Money
Donald Trump Get-Rich-Quick Scheme Exposed | Rachel Maddow | MSNBC
The GOP Has Actively Downplayed Logical Thinking for Decades. Thats How They Ended Up with Trump.
N.Y. Restricts Public-Employee Travel To North Carolina Over LGBT Law
Report: Iranian Official Says GOPers Tried To Stall Prisoner Swap For 2016 Election
Rise of the GOP bullshitters: How the electoral process has been overwhelmed by lies & untruths
Charter Schools: Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (HBO)
GOP senator: Trump 'too bigoted and racist' for Illinois
Once Again, Elizabeth Warren Eviscerates Donald Trump: "A Thin-Skinned Racist Bully"; "You Shame Yourself and You Shame This Great Country"; "You, Donald Trump, Are a Total Disgrace"
He thought he could help: Concealed carry gun-wielder intervenes in domestic dispute and is shot dead
Your Taxes Are Being Spent on Making It Harder for Americans to Vote
GOP's First Hearing On 'Baby Parts' Quickly Goes Off The Rails
Planned Parenthood Sues Group Behind Video Smear Campaign
Paris Terror Attacks Will Trigger Weekend-Long Republican War-gasms
Poll: Majority of N.J. voters say Christie should quit White House race
Students Are Pulling a Kaepernick All Over America and Being Threatened for It
Donald Trump appeals to the paranoid fantasies of the FEMA camps crowd
Family of AR-15 Inventor Eugene Stoner: He Didn't Intend It for Civilians
As they sliced and diced state programs this month to close a budget deficit, Republicans controlling the Oklahoma Legislature cruelly targeted some of the states most vulnerable citizens  the working poor  by cutting an average $147 a year from the income of 200,000 households.
Cruz says Fox News will 'bear responsibility for Trump'
Superdelegates have destroyed the will of the people: As a political activist and hopeful millennial, I wont support a broken system by voting for Hillary
Ben Carson Self Destructs And Goes Full Blown Nutter On Fox News
Four Years of Tax Returns All Show Donald Trump Did Not Pay Federal Taxes
Washington Post poll: Texas is a tossup state in upcoming election
The Appalling Last Act of Rudy Giuliani - His legacy was marked by a defense of immigrants, until he hitched himself to the most prominent xenophobe in recent American history.
Noam Chomsky on Donald Trump: 'Almost a death knell for the human species'
Longest-serving woman in the House makes her case for Bernie Sanders - 'His struggle in this campaign is very noble, because he is up against the most powerful forces'
Donald Trump is the leader of a new, hate-filled authoritarian movement. Nothing would be more harmful to the idea of the West and world peace than if he were to be elected president. George W. Bush's America would seem like a place of logic and reason in comparison.
Tribe outraged after Oregon militia rifle through Native American artifacts
Obama honors 13th Amendment, takes subtle shot across Trump's bow | All it requires is that our generation be willing to do what those who came before us have done: to rise above the cynicism and rise above the fear. To hold fast to our values. To see ourselves in each other."
Muslims in America Condemn Extremists and Fear Anew for Their Lives; They say that they observed an escalation in hateful episodes this fall after anti-Muslim remarks by the Republican presidential candidates Donald J. Trump and Ben Carson.
On His Way Out, Kentucky Governor Restores Voting Rights for 140,000 People
Media trashing of Clinton vs Trump is disproportionate to gravity of offenses
Milwaukee Riots Fed by Decades of African American Economic Insecurity
Dems to allow lobbyist donations to their convention for 1st time in 8 years
Exclusive: Trump's 3,500 lawsuits unprecedented for a presidential nominee
Trump Super PAC Senior Aide Found Guilty Of Corruption Charges
Sanders criticizes Bill Clinton on welfare reform, saying it increased extreme poverty
Bernie Sanders Is Making Surprising Gains With Less Affluent Whites
Planned Parenthood official: 'Hateful' speech contributed to shootings
Voters give Democrats control of Pennsylvania Supreme Court: "Democrats have won all three open seats on Pennsylvania's Supreme Court. The victory secures them a majority on the high court for at least a decade"
While you were busy watching the Trump circus, Congress stopped showing up to work
Pro-Life Pence Transfers Money Intended for Vulnerable Households to Anti-Choice Crisis Pregnancy Centers
Heated Exchange After Alex Jones & Roger Stone Interrupt The Young Turks at RNC
Clinton stretches lead over Trump to 14 points in national poll
ACLU Sues over Sweeping Anti-Transgender Bill in North Carolina
What The Hell, Bernie Sanders?
Michigan Governor Under Fire For Flint Water Crisis, Blames Clinton For 'Politicizing' Issue
Sanders: My Emails Would Be Just As Harsh About Clinton
Trump Aide Manafort Implicated In Pro-Russian Protests Against US Troops
Warning of election fraud, Trump sparks fear that his backers may intimidate minority voters
Donald Trump Says Edward Snowden Should Be "executed" and says "There are thousands of Snowden's out there."
Trump Inspired Candidate Wants to 'Make America White Again'
Supreme Court rejects conservative challenge to 'one person, one vote'
The Supreme Court just did Democrats a big favor on redistricting
Biden accuses GOP of threatening democracy in Supreme Court standoff - 'Unless we can find common ground, how can the system designed by our founders function,' the vice president says.
Jeb Bush: Don't Blame Governor Snyder For Flint Crisis, Blame Regulations
Obama renews call for gun control after Planned Parenthood shooting
John Bel Edwards beats David Vitter to become Louisiana's next governor
Bryan Cranston says history will judge President Obama's time in the White House "very favorably."
Bernie Sanders: Think Hard About A Protest Vote This Year | Morning Joe | MSNBC
The DNC Hack Is Watergate, but Worse 1.4k The email dump isnt a high-minded act of transparency. Its a foreign power attempting to swing an election for its favored candidate.
Why It Matters That Politicians Have No Experience of Poverty: only 13 out of 783 members of Congress from 1999 to 2008 came from a blue-collar upbringing. None of them have experienced that poverty in decades; those who did did so under vastly different public-policy circumstances.
Why Trumps Assault on the Judiciary Is the Most Dangerous Thing Hes Done: The GOP presumptive nominee has already made a long step toward authoritarian rule.
North Carolina Law May Risk Federal Aid: Billions of dollars for schools, highways and housing could be at risk as the Obama administration reviews the states new bathroom law.
Supreme Court Reopens Clinics Closed By Anti-Abortion Law
With Obamacare, "You have no options .. you can't get competitive bidding."  Donald Trump on Sunday, February 21st, 2016 in an interview on "Meet the Press"
Hillary Clinton urges moderate gun owners to take on the NRA: There needs to be a rival organization to the NRA of responsible gun owners who know that their hunting rights, their shooting rights, their collection rights  all of that is not going to be affected
Trump Embraces Conspiracy Website To Support His False Claims
CBS John Dickerson Is Only Sunday Host To Cover Trump Foundations Proven Lawbreaking
Private Insurers Are Destroying Affordable Health Care
We Just Watched The Republican Party Kill Itself: With Donald Trumps RNC 2016 Nomination, The Republican Party Is Dead. And All The Conservative Activists Here In Cleveland Know It.
Ex-Benghazi investigator sues Trey Gowdy for discrimination and defamation
Ben Carson Blames Drug Addiction On 'Political Correctness'
A veteran spy has given the FBI information alleging a Russian operation to cultivate Donald Trump
Hillary Clinton wins third presidential debate, according to CNN / ORC poll
A 32-year-old disabled vet thought ITT Tech was his ticket out of poverty  his story shows everything wrong with for-profit colleges
69-Year-Old Woman Punched In The Face At Trump Rally
Trump's Campaign Is Broke
Warren pulls no punches in latest Trump attack: "scary, loud, outrageous, offensive, small, a failure and fraudster in chief"
Trump University scandal beginning to look more like corruption -- Trump made political donations to attorneys general who quietly dropped investigations
Sanders: Two-party system holds back competition
Hillary Clintons latest attack on Bernie Sanders shows shes a rotten candidate
Member of Congress who invited Kim Davis to the State of the Union courageously refuses to reveal himself/herself.
U.S. Republican Ben Carson's 2016 presidential bid was thrown into chaos on Thursday when his campaign manager and some 20 other staff members quit amid infighting, dropping poll numbers and negative media coverage.
Hillary Says Its OK That She Takes Wall Street Money Because of Women and 9/11
[Dems Better For Business: Business Runs Better Without FRAUD 
Harvard Study: Media Ignores Policy Substance, Facts
Your Vote for Jill Stein Is a Wasted Vote
The Drudge Report Has Linked To Russian Propaganda Sites At Least 91 Times In 2016
Donald Trump has been accused in federal court of raping a 13 year old girl in 1994 - TW for descriptions of violent rape
Top gun lobbyist warns right wingers will use bullet box if they cant win at ballot box
The War on Drugs Failed, So Why Isn't It Over? - Even former members of the Global Commission on Drug Policy call the UN system "increasingly divorced from reality."
Clinton Releases a Brutal Anti-Trump Ad: And she gets Republicans to do the dirty work for her.
Indiana Women Troll Anti-Abortion Governor By Telling Him (In Detail) About Their Periods
The NRA's Case Against Merrick Garland Just Got Super Awkward
Donald Trump's Social Media Ties to White Supremacists: Its More Than Just a Couple of Retweets
PolitiFact rated Bernie Sanders "Mostly True" for all reviewed statements from last debate
Former NAACP President Ben Jealous endorses Bernie Sanders - "I recall the words of the late great Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., who said a genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus"
Mike Huckabee: Poor Americans will be better off if we treat them like we train dogs
Scott Walker Is Dismantling an Oversight Committee That Investigated Him
Am I missing something, or is Clinton's campaign overtly and obviously lying about this Sanders "data breach"?
Ben Carson's absurd notion that the Founding Fathers had 'no elected office experience'
Clintons Got a Massive Policy AgendaIf Anyone Cares
Paul Krugman Reveals What Libertarian Gary Johnson Really Stands Forand It's Terrifying
In 2007, Trump Was Forced To Face His Own Falsehoods. And He Did, 30 Times.
Workers Strike at Trump Taj Mahal Casino
Divided Supreme Court rejects family pharmacy's religious claim
Betraying Progressives, DNC Platform Backs Fracking, TPP, and Israel Occupation
Obama, 10 days before Orlando: "peoplehave been on ISIL websitesUS citizenson the no-fly listbut because of the NRA, I cannot prohibit those people from buying a gun. a known ISIL sympathizerwants tobuy as muchweapons and ammo as he can, nothings prohibiting himeven though the FBI knows"
Trump University judge to unseal documents
Sanders: 'It will be a contested convention'
Biden: We Don't Need An 'Institutionally Dysfunctional' Supreme Court
As Paris carnage unfolds, conservatives lash out at Obama, immigrants and college students
Fact-checking the debate: Sorry, Republicans, but welfare spending is not tanking our economy
The Kansas Experiment Continues Collapse: Revenue Off By Nearly $45M. Pay Attention, America.
Rick Perry Wants People To Remember Rick Perry Still Exists. Calls For FBI Director To Resign Because Reasons.
Inside debate prep: Democrat Hillary Clinton is taking the methodical approach of a veteran lawyer before her biggest trial, rehearsing to perfect her pacing and substance. In the GOP camp, Donald Trump is summoning his informal band of advisers to test out zingers and chat over bacon cheeseburgers.
Being Honest About Trump: "His Language Remains Not Merely Sloppy Or Incendiary But Openly Hostile To The Simplest Standards Of Truth And Decency That Have Governed American Politics."
Texas mom, gun advocate, killed by cops after shooting daughters
California Department of Justice Raids the Home of the Guy Behind Those Undercover Planned Parenthood Videos
Flint mayor: GOP candidates were as dismissive of concerns as state was
Large Group Of Armed Militia Members Take Over Federal Building
Obamas skin looks a little different in these GOP campaign ads
Sanders at his Finest
Hillary Clinton plans quick action on campaign finance if elected president
The rise of right-wing militants: Patriot candidates are now getting elected in Oregon
Confederates For Donald Trump Warn Of White Ethnic Cleansing
Officials in Michigan could be facing charges as serious as involuntary manslaughter for Flint water crisis
Donald Trump is a bigot and a racist: "It might be possible to explain away any one of Trumps outrages as a mistake or a misunderstanding. But at some point youre not merely saying things that could be construed as bigoted: You are a bigot."
"Guns don't kill people, toddlers kill people." "Lock them up." "Deport them." Striking new gun control ad
Why The Two Historically Unpopular Candidates Meme Is A Sham  One That Boosts Donald Trump
Arizona Republic endorses Clinton for president, first time ever backing a Democrat
2 Abortion Foes Behind Planned Parenthood Videos Are Indicted
Two-Thirds of Americans Want U.S. to Join Climate Change Pact
These 4 Cops Lied About Getting Shot to Manufacture Outrage Against 'Black Lives Matter'
At Long Last, Trump Blames The Jews For His Failed Campaign.
Donald Trumps Deals Rely On Being Creative With The Truth: "It Is Hard To Find A Project He Touched That Did Not Produce Allegations Of Broken Promises, Blatant Lies Or Outright Fraud"
The California voter surge is now -- This year we are seeing a doubling of registration growth among Latinos, and a more than 150% increase for some young voters, and a near-tripling for Democrats.
Joseph E. Schmitz, named by Donald Trump as a key foreign policy adviser on Monday, was forced out of his job as the Pentagons top watchdog a decade ago amid accusations that he protected top officials in the George W. Bush administration suspected of wrongdoing.
Flint water crisis: Michigan made sure state employees had clean water 8 months before everyone else
None Of The 14 GOP Presidential Candidates Have Responded To The Planned Parenthood Shooting (Updated)
In acquitting the Oregon militants, a white jury determines that the law doesnt apply to white protesters
Michelle Obama just delivered what might have been a defining moment of the presidential campaign
Trump campaign signals mud-slinging endgame as Clinton points to GOP unraveling
Lawsuit alleges Trump wanted to replace unattractive female employees
Trump to Black Voters: Youre Poor, So Why the Hell Dont You Vote for Me
Secret Ledger in Ukraine Lists Cash for Donald Trump's Campaign Chief
Donald Trump's love affair with white supremacists
Donald Trump Says He Won't Release Tax Returns Before November
The Democrats need to stop being the lesser of two evils party  starting now
The rights pathetic blame game: Now its the left-wing medias fault Trump is winning -- Conservatives rip CNN for treating the GOP front-runner with kid gloves. We're officially through the looking glass
Canadian tells Americans they should deport all 12 million undocumented people
On any Supreme Court nomination, Republicans must do their job
How Ruth Bader Ginsburg Pushed For A Law To Make Sure Women Get Equal Pay
Donald Trump on Terrorists: "Take out their families"
Ted Cruz's 'crazy' tax plan would cost US at least $16tn, thinktank says
Sanders Calls Trump A 'Political Coward' Over Voter Suppression Report
No prayer, no meal: Shelters turning away government food due to new worship rules
Michael Moore Reveals Surprise Donald Trump Film, Opening In New York City Tomorrow
See It: Trump, under oath, planned to call Mexicans 'rapists'
America Has Had A Tyrant Like Trump Before: We Fought A Revolution To Get Rid Of Him; Hitler Comparisons Are Lazy And Sophomoric  A Far Superior Historical Analogy For Trump Is King George III
This Old Navy Ad Featuring an Interracial Family Is Being Attacked By Racist Trolls (And Guess Which Candidate They're Promoting?)
Benghazi Select Committee Now Attempting To Interview Conservative Talk Show Callers As Witnesses
Trump Supporter Shoves Protester In Face At Albany Rally
Trump Takes His Fourth Position On Abortion In Three Days. Hell Need To Change This One Immediately
The Koch Brothers' Dirty War on Solar Power. All over the country, the Kochs and utilities have been blocking solar initiatives  but nowhere more so than in Florida
Condoleezza Rice Aides, Colin Powell Also Got Classified Info on Personal Emails
Ben Carson Campaign Now Says He 'Did Not Seek Admission' to West Point
Its Paul Ryan Versus Bernie Sanders, and Sanders Is Winning
Hillary Clinton Was Politically Incorrect, but She Wasn't Wrong About Trump's Supporters: Clinton said half of Donald Trumps supporters were prejudiced. If anything, her numbers are too low.
Anne Coulter goes to war with Trump over his 'backtracking' on immigration
The more horrible a candidate Trump shows himself to be, the more the GOP base says "Nobody's perfect!"
Nobody Brings The Crazy Quite Like Trump: "Trumps Dystopia Is Frequently At Odds With Reality Here On Earth. He And His Followers Live In A Dark Place Where Life Ranges From Bad To Horrible, Conspiracies Abound And Allegation Passes For Truth."
How the Party of Sarah Palin Became the Party of Donald Trump: "what failures of education and culture could have left Republican voters predisposed to the propaganda of a grifter who is neither a wonk nor an orator, and who exploits their cultural resentments?"
Vox claims that Trump's nomination can be blamed on the GOP fielding too many top quality candidates at once. I'm not joking.
Fiorina praises Clinton in 2008 video
His progressive platform is built on what constitutes representative government, more economic and income equity, the right to health care, fair trade, greater access to education, racial and gender equality, environmental consciousness and respect for all people  all long overdue in America
Why experts think Trump could hand Democrats a House majority
Donald Trump sued for fraud in California and New York: Mired in controversy over his remarks on immigration and Muslims, the billionaire mogul and Republican front-runner is accused of misleading students at Trump University
Bobby Jindal Drops Out Of The 2016 Presidential Race
Let's all take a moment to remember Trump claimed if a female reporter touched his arm while holding a pen, that was a terrifying enough situation to justify a "defensive" take down by his campaign manager.
Anderson Cooper asked Donald Trump 4 times about his sexual assault bragging. Trump kept dodging.
20 Lies Donald Trump Told At The First Presidential Debate
Trump Picks Top Climate Skeptic to Lead EPA Transition
Inside A Pro-White, Pro-Trump, Alt-Right Press Conference
Trump 'Second Amendment' Quip Seen as Veiled Threat Against Clinton
Senate Bill Would Force Donald Trump to Release Tax Returns
Oklahoma governor vetoes bill that would criminalize abortion
Unstoppable Gas Leaks In Texas Even Worse Than Californias, Media Silent
Last Week Tonight with John Oliver: Voting (HBO): Every American deserves an equal vote. But in some states, access to voting is becoming less and less equal.
A pattern of miscalculation and mishandling: Why is Debbie Wasserman-Schultz still in charge?
How to Be Liberal in Lower Alabama | Weve never really talked about politics with Democrats, a couple we know on the right told us after wed bumped into each other at a cafe and decided to share a table. They thought our kind was bizarre and unfriendly. Theyd been duped. We werent aliens, ...'
Bernie Sanders' Popularity Making Hillary Clinton Campaign 'Nervous'
After failing to seduce Nancy ODell, Trump reportedly tried to have her fired
Trump Bought $120,000 Luxury Trip With Trump Foundation Money At 2008 Charity Auction
How right wing media has taken over the Republican (and not the other way around)
RNC forced to close online convention chat after anti-Semites turn it into a Jew-bashing hatefest
How Donald Trump Bankrupted His Atlantic City Casinos, but Still Earned Millions
Great, Donald Trump Has Threatened To Default On The National Debt
Court tosses Kansas case that tried to challenge science education guidelines
Wall Street's wisest: Bernie Sanders is best candidate for economy
The Human Toll of Antonin Scalias Time on the Court: Blacks, Latinos, and poor whites suffered because of his draconian approach to criminal punishment
At Baltimore mosque, President Obama encourages U.S. Muslims: You fit in here
A remarkably moving thing happened at a Bernie Sanders rally today in Iowa
British lawmakers to debate banning Donald Trump from UK for 'hate speech'
Politifact's 2015 Lie of the Year: Donald Trump's Campaign Misstatements
The GOP Is the Party of Fear. Republicans resorted to scare tactics in the fifth debate. It will only get worse.
Ted Cruz Calls Alleged Planned Parenthood Shooter 'Transgendered Leftist Activist'
FBI's Comey opposed naming Russians, citing election timing: Source
Ferguson protest leader found shot to death inside burning car
Why Democrats increasingly think Donald Trump can deliver them a Senate landslide
7 out of 10 things Donald Trump says are flat-out lies
Trump: Time to rally around me or expect voter riots
Literally Dozens Are in Mourning After Paul Ryan Announces He 'Will Not Accept' GOP Nod at Contested Convention
The Critics of Sanderss Health Plan Understate Benefits and Overstate Costs
Evidence Indicates that Bernie Sanders is the Democrats Best Shot at the White House
Texas Board of Education Refuses To Allow Professors To Fact-Check Textbooks
Quentin Tarantino: The police would rather start fights with celebrities than examine why the public has lost trust in them
More questionable footage of Trump's comments on women; In an Entertainment Tonight Christmas feature in 1992, Trump looked at a group of young girls and said he would be dating one of them in ten years. At the time, Trump would have been 46 years old.
Maine Gov. Paul LePage Says People Of Color Are 'The Enemy'
Donald Trump's Latest Moves Will Drive More Democratic Voters to the Polls
Chelsea Manning is being charged for her own suicide attempt.
Trumps popularity is low. It can get lower. By the time we reach the Republican National Convention, Trump might be a zombie candidate: lifeless but still shambling forward, consumed by his most animal impulses.
Trump University Lawsuit Headed to New York's Highest Court
New poll of millennial voters shows clear shift toward Democrats, away from Trump
Bernie Sanders has released his Medicare-for-All plan - A typical family of four with wages of $50,000 and an employer health-plan with $4,955 in annual premiums and a $1,318 deductible would pay only $466 through the new 2.2 percent tax, and save $5,807, or 12 percent of income, on net
Hillary Clinton just slimed Bernie Sanders with a discredited Rupert Murdoch attack on single-payer health care
Trump's organization did business with Iranian bank later linked to terrorism
Berkeley sees a big drop in soda consumption after penny-per-ounce soda tax
A Dialogue With a 22-Year-Old Donald Trump Supporter: He lives near San Francisco, makes more than $50,000 per year, and is voting for the billionaire to fight against political correctness.
Now that he's the (presumptive) GOP nominee, can we bring this back??
This Poll Of Latino Voters Should Terrify The Republican Party
Artist threatened with lawsuits if she sells nude Donald Trump painting: Illma Gores painting, on display at Maddox Gallery in London now with a 1m pricetag, depicts the Republican presidential candidate with a small penis
In protest of Indiana's new anti-abortion bill, Periods for Pence page asks women to tell the governor about their periods
Wisconsin Supreme Court Justice Appointed By Scott Walker Once Mocked 'Queers' Who Get AIDS
Sen. Mitch McConnell in 2005: 'The President, and the President alone, nominates judges'
Voter Asks Ben Carson: If You're So Smart, Why Don't You Accept Climate Change?
Being Less Crazy Than Donald Trump Does Not Make Marco Rubio Moderate
Trump's Tax Records Show He May Have Understated His Salary by Millions to the IRS
American Sniper Chris Kyle Distorted His Military Record, Documents Show
Am I the only Sanders supporter who will gladly accept Clinton as POTUS?
Sanders: "We cannot be the policeman of the world"
Elizabeth Warren: American Justice Is 'Rigged' In Favor Of The Rich
Phyllis Schlafly is doomed to represent the feminism she hated
Trump calls climate change 'hoax,' as Clinton vows to fight it
Black Missouri police chief: KKK has influenced law enforcement from when it started
Most-read article at Washington Post calls Israel savage, unrepairable society
Bernie Sanders Continues To Dominate Caucuses, But Hes About To Run Out Of Them
An Historic Attempt To Kill Roe v. Wade May Backfire Spectacularly On The Anti-Choice Right
Elizabeth Warren Scolds President Obama for Being Weak on Wall Street
Media Silent as Stunning New Poll Shows Bernie Sanders Surging in Crucial Primary States
The 15 Most Ridiculous Things Conservative Media Said About Climate Change In 2015
The Republican Partys top presidential candidates proved that they know nothing about foreign policy.
Obama Says Paris Climate Deal Can Be Turning Point for World
I Don't Like Hillary Clinton Or The Democratic Party. I'm Voting For Them Anyway.
Trump campaign manager: He doesnt believe climate change is man-made [ So, UNQUALIFIED. 
House Unanimously Passes Bill To Allow 9/11 Lawsuits Against Saudi Arabia
The unexpected revolution thats killing off draconian abortion restrictions
Walker Thought His Business Tax Break Would Stimulate The Economy. The Early Returns Arent Good.
Clinton Has 12-Point Edge Over Trump in Bloomberg National Poll
The Good News Is That Donald Trump's Campaign Is an Absolute Strategic and Managerial Garbage Fire
Trump talked about nothing but himself during his father's eulogy.
Bernie Sanders Just Trounced Hillary Clinton in Three of the Ten Most Diverse States in America
The global coal industry is using as much water as a billion people each year
A Texas Candidate Pushes the Boundary of the Far Right: Mary Lou Bruner, who is running for a Texas Board of Education seat, posted on Facebook that a reliable source had told her President Obama was once a prostitute.
Clinton to nation: let's bury Trump under landslide
EXCLUSIVE: Donald Trump Made Millions From Saudi Government
These Stats Show Why Milwaukee Was Primed to Explode: Segregation? Check. Failing Schools? Check. Crazy incarceration rates? Check.
Poll finds Clinton has widened lead ahead of Trump to 8 points
Supreme Court lets stand law banning some semi-automatic assault weapons
Rush Limbaughs Primary From Hell: Even Conservatives Are Finally Turning on the Famous Blowhard
I'm tempted to move to a red state and start discriminating against Christians
Obama hits Trump on border wall plan; "Good luck with that"
Bill Moyers: It's Time For These Two Democrats To Go | Hillary Clinton should come right out and ask for the resignations of Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel and Democratic National Committee Chair  and Florida congresswoman  Debbie Wasserman Schultz
Here lies the secret to Trumps rise: Political science can explain the appeal of Donald Trumps bullshit
Two-Thirds of Americans Think Supreme Court Nominee Should Get Senate Hearing
Obama On Harper Lee: She 'Changed America For The Better'
Voter ID Laws Result in Fewer Non-White People Voting and Favor Republicans, Says Study
Bernie Sanders is the only presidential candidate to oppose fracking
Armed Oregon Militia Creates Kangaroo Court To Indict Government
Brave Phoenix woman goes out for coffee, despite ISIS threats. You can't make this stuff up.
Ohio Becomes Latest State To Vote Down Gerrymandering
In Wisconsin, 11 taxpayers making more than $35 million to reap $21.5 million from tax credit
New Evidence Donald Trump Didnt Pay Taxes
California Up for Grabs, Poll Finds, as Clinton and Sanders Battle
Insiders: Ted Cruz will capture Wisconsin, Democrats expect a Bernie Sanders victory
Congressman calls on bankers to neuter Elizabeth Warren  the Darth Vader of Wall Street
Hillary Clinton win shrinks with Iowa Dem Party results
Activist behind Planned Parenthood videos surrenders to authorities
Trump Field Organizer Accuses Campaign of Sex Discrimination - "men doing the same jobs were paid more and were allowed to plan and speak at rallies"
Thanks, Obama: Highest Earners Tax Rates Rose Sharply in 2013
Here's All The Nonsense 2016 Republicans Have Spouted About Climate Change
Black Pastors To Trump: Our Meeting Is Not An Endorsement
Donald Trump: Ben Carson 'has pathological disease you can't really cure it'
Ben Carson doesn't understand how the debt ceiling, the budget, or interest rates work
Hillary Clinton Brings Out the Real Donald Trump
We should remember that the key drivers of growth are science, education and innovation, not low taxes, lax regulations or greater exploitation of natural resources.
North Carolina Starts To Face Real Economic Consequences For Anti-LGBT Law (Updated)
NY governor bans state travel to North Carolina
Bernie Sanders: A higher loyalty
Opps... Fox News accidentally let's someone praise Bernie Sanders.
Jeb Bush drops out of 2016 presidential campaign
Oregon militia could face more than 10 years in prison, legal experts say
Obama Takes Aim At Republican Critics, Especially Trump
So you think Obamacare is a disaster? Here's how California is proving you wrong
The Income Gap Began To Narrow Under Obama
Donald Trumps spiritual advisor sells eternal life for $1,144 by stealing from Harry Potter
Van Jones shuts down CNN guest trying to use Dallas shootings to smear #BLM
More black people were killed by US police in 2015 than were lynched in the worst year of Jim Crow
Top Democrats Ally With Oil and Gas Industry to Fight Colorado Anti-Fracking Ballot Measures
Rick Snyder Testified Before Congress On The Flint Crisis. It Didn't Go So Well.
Obama: U.S. Will Welcome Refugees 'As Long as I'm President'
Scandals: Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (HBO)
Liberals Turn to Cities to Pass Laws and Spread Ideas
Down-Ballot Democrats Should Go After Johnson And Stein Voters
Sanders: 'My Job' Is to Make Sure Clinton Is Elected President
Justin Trudeau Isn't Magic, Liberals. Parliaments Make It Easier To Pass Laws.
Ad in NC explains how forcing transgender men to use women's restrooms is ridiculous
The Panama Papers prove it: we can afford a universal basic income
Now that Trump has mainstreamed White Supremacists, are they in Politics to stay? The GOP frontrunner has turned white nationalists into political players.
DWS Endorses Bill to Protect Payday Lenders.
Colorado Springs' lone Planned Parenthood clinic plans to partially reopen Monday, two-and-a-half months after a deadly rampage there left three people dead and nine others wounded.
20 Texas Private Colleges Are Opting Out Of State's Campus Carry Law, Citing Safety Concerns
Obama On Planned Parenthood Shooting: 'Enough Is Enough'
Obama: Paris attack an "attack on all of humanity"
Senate Update: The Last Week Has Been Very Kind To Democrats' Hopes For A Majority
There's no longer any way for Republicans to boot Donald Trump from the ballot
Ralph Nader Supporters Warn Third-Party Voters: Don't Make The Same Mistake!
Armed Pro-Gun Advocates Burned An Effigy Of The Oregon Governor
Donald Trump's candidacy is a 'civic emergency,' and the press doesn't know what to do about it
Trump spokesperson only wants "pure breeds" running our country; she is mixed race...
Two Trump staffers resign as campaign reshuffles yet again
'We consider this an act of terrorism': Suspected Islamic extremist shoots dead at least 20 dead at Florida gay club after bursting in 'wearing a suicide vest' and taking hostages - injuring a further 42
Chart: Share of income to top 10% vs. union membership
Nashville Voted To Give Poor People, Locals New Construction Jobs. But the State GOP Blocked It.
Bernie Sanders Is The Only Presidential Candidate Who Supports $15/Hour Minimum Wage
(Satire)Court Rules Ted Cruz is a Citizen, But Not a Member of the Human Race
Judge suggests making militia pay $75,000 a day for Oregon sanctuary occupation
Oops: Trump fan page attributes Hitlers Christian warrior quote to Donald J. Trump
New Hampshire, South Carolina GOP Chairs Denounce Donald Trump
Ben Carson admits fabricating West Point scholarship
When Donald Trump gets in a hole, he just keeps digging. And digging. And digging.
I Wrote That I Despised Hillary Clinton. Today, I Want To Publicly Take It Back.
"20 Questions Liberals Can't Answer" refuted
Trump Says African-Americans Have No Education, No Anything
'Trump' is shorthand for white supremacy
Dont be fooled: Trumps populist economic rhetoric is a fraud - Trump's "populist" economic policies would be downright harmful to the people whose interests he claims to defend
Exclusive: Trump supporters more likely to view blacks negatively - Reuters/Ipsos poll
Women denounce sexist dress codes through flat shoe solidarity
Michigan Officials Charged in Flint Water Poisoning, but Gov. Snyder Has Not Even Been Questioned
How White Georgia Republicans Are Derailing an African-American Candidate: Without the protections of the Voting Rights Act, local elections are a free-for-all.
Victory for Unions as Supreme Court, Scalia Gone, Ties 4-4
Clinton Can't Count on Union Backing in Iowa, Despite Endorsements - Rank-and-file support for Bernie Sanders appears to be growing
3 More Militiamen Arrested Outside Of Oregon Wildlife Refuge
Citizens United Celebrates 6 Years Of Giving A Voice To Voiceless Billionaires - Someone finally stood up for America's oppressed uber-wealthy and big business
Barack Obama says U.S. has 'strongest, most durable economy in the world' during State of the Union
Jeb Bush's Welfare Plan Eliminates Food Stamps, Housing Assistance Programs
"The presidential candidate who has most harmed American politics this year is Donald Trump, a bully who has prospered by inciting rage. Yet from the narrower perspective of the Republican Party, the most dangerous candidate of the 2016 pack may just be Senator Ted Cruz"
Federal judge to Florida: Why arent more people registered?
Philadelphia's black voters outraged by Donald Trump's 'outreach'
Most Americans (Incorrectly) Believe Crime Is Up. That's Great News For Donald Trump.
Poll: Clinton pulls ahead of Trump after convention
I decided today that I'm definitely voting for Hillary Clinton! I'm not happy about it, but she's got my vote.
Trump & Putin. Yes, It's Really a Thing
Roger Ailes officially out at Fox News amid sexual harassment claims
Its political sleight-of-hand: For their next trick, Republican magicians will make your federal land disappear
20-Plus Years Of Anti-Gay Hate From The NRA
Former GOP senator endorses Clinton after Orlando shooting
The actual Trump protest was nothing like the one you saw on the news
Missouri GOP advances constitutional amendment on voter ID - If they succeed, the voting rights of more than 200,000 Missourians could be at risk.
Can the violence Trump is unleashing ever be contained?
Nearly 20% of Trump Fans Think Freeing the Slaves Was a Bad Idea
Why Bernie Sanders Is Winning the Hearts and Minds of America - "If youre lucky, once in your lifetime, maybe twice if youre really lucky, youll get an opportunity to support a presidential candidate who speaks to your values on a very deep personal level"
Charges: Videographers used fake IDs to infiltrate Planned Parenthood
A neuroscientist explains: Trump has a mental disorder that makes him a dangerous world leader
America is addicted to terror: Why our obsession with irrational fear is tearing this country apart
Poll: 30 percent of Republicans want to bomb country from 'Aladdin'
Wacky Trump supporter who 'never was involved in politics' was a birther Republican state rep
Meet the Gun-Loving Lifelong Member of the NRA Who Just Submitted His Resignation: It's easy to forget that the NRA's hardline opposition to reform isn't only out of step with the views of most Americans. It's also out of step with the vast majority of NRA members.
Did GOP Insiders Steal the Kentucky Governor's Race for Tea Partier Matt Bevin? Lower down the ballot, many Democrats got tens of thousands more votes than Bevin.
Youre Lying to Yourself if You Think Trump is the Answer
Mike Pence repeatedly denies Trump statements during VP debate
Confessions Of A Former Neo-Confederate
Because Scott Walker Asked: Leaked court documents from John Doe investigation in Wisconsin lay bare pervasive influence of corporate cash on modern US elections
Texas has highest maternal mortality rate in developed world, study finds -- As the Republican-led state legislature has slashed funding to reproductive healthcare clinics, the maternal mortality rate doubled over just a two-year period.
The Nightly Show with Larry Wilmore Canceled by Comedy Central
Jill Stein Continues Pandering to Anti-Vaxxers
Rep. Cummings: 'The Republicans are addicted to Benghazi'
Pelosi predicts 'implosion' of GOP if Trump denied nomination
You Cant Dismiss Bernies Political Revolution
The State Assault on Planned Parenthood
Trump Won't Condemn KKK, Says He 'Knows Nothing About White Supremacists'
The Year In Right-Wing Media Poor-Shaming: "In 2015, conservative media outlets -- led by Fox News -- set a new standard for attacking the least fortunate members of American society..."
Three Republican candidates speak at anti-gay pastor's rally: While Democrats were participating in a candidates forum, Republicans Mike Huckabee, Bobby Jindal and Ted Cruz were guests at "religious freedom" event led by a pastor who preaches that homosexuality should be punished with death.
NYTs Paul Krugman explores why the economy does better under Democrats.
Gary Johnson, Bolstered by Young Voters, Opposes a Policy They've Vocally Supported
Why the Right Isnt Talking Much About Religious Liberty
Another reason to hate Mylan, which jacked up the price of life-saving EpiPens: It's a tax dodger
The US did not pay a $400 million "ransom" to Iran. Here's what actually happened.
Cop in Sandra Bland case accuses prosecutors of coverup
Virginia Governor Bypasses Court Ruling To Help 200,000 Ex-Felons Vote
Am I the only one who is annoyed when people say things like "the political process is broken... but the solution is to come together, both parties are bad, etc."
Donald Trump Accuses Virginia Of 'Crooked Politics' For Restoring Voting Rights To Former Felons
the conservative subreddit is mad because a man was rescinded a job offer for being an anti-gay christian
Watch Bill Clinton Tell Black Lives Matter Protesters Theyre Defending Drug Sales and Murder
(Satire) Donald Trump Considering David Duke for Secretary of Race War
Cruz, Kasich Walk Back Vows to Support Trump as Nominee
Ted Cruz Gets Called Out By Debate Moderator For Making Up Facts About The Supreme Court
Video surfaces showing Ted Cruz was irritating and horrible even at age 18
Interesting to see how much Donald Trump views have changed
Clintons lead is evaporating, and anxious Democrats see 2008 all over again
Obama's legacy depends on the 2016 election: If Obama wants his work to survive, he needs to have a Democrat succeed him. I will campaign very hard to make that happen, for a whole variety of reasons, he said at his news conference.
Analysis of Donald Trump Tax Plan Sees a Boon for Wealthy and Trillions in Debt
The Terrorists Among Us - Forget Syria. The most dangerous religious extremists are migrants from North and South Carolina.
Senate Republicans Just Promised To Undermine The Paris Climate Negotiations
Hate Rising with Jorge Ramos: From the KKK To Donald Trump's Neo-Fascists
Trump Ally Roger Stone Pushes Claim That Humayun Khan Was A Terrorist, Father A Muslim Brotherhood Spy
Conservative groups push back against Republican party's climate denialism | US news
On Eve of SCOTUS Abortion Decision, Texas Accused of Suppressing Key Data
Republicans Are Erasing LGBTQ People From Their Own Tragedy
Reminder: Gay marriage opponents tried to disqualify a judge because he's gay
The Problem With Calling Out Judges for Their Race: Donald Trump has no legal justification for questioning Gonzalo Curiel.
PGA can't get sponsors at Trump golf course, moves tournament to Mexico. Trump loses mind
Ted Cruz, John Kasich join forces to stop Donald Trump
Former House Speaker Dennis Hastert May Undergo Sex Offender Evaluation for Molesting Four Teenage Boys
Is Donald Trump Afraid This Country Might Be Stupid Enough To Elect Him?
As much as I prefer Bernie to Hillary...
Reid to GOP: For the good of the country, stop your nakedly partisan obstruction
20 Best Bernie Sanders Quotes In Dem Debate
 Why Hillary Clinton Doesnt Deserve the Black Vote
"Regardless of what you label Sanders - and I believe the most appropriate label for him is 'progressive' - it is hard to deny that he is revitalizing the progressive spirit at a critical point in American history"
White Nationalist PAC Blankets Iowa With Robocalls For Trump
There were only 14 days in all of 2015 when police didn't kill anyone
Al Shabaab terror group uses Trump clip in propaganda film: analysts
Ted Cruz is more dangerous than Donald Trump
Clinton leads in Florida, Trump narrowly leads in Texas - CBS Battleground Tracker
LeBron: 'Me and my family believe in' Clinton
Senate Dems unveil new public option push for ObamaCare
Report: Wikileaks' Syria Docs Exclude Email On $2B Transfer To Russian Bank
The Supreme Court Has Left an Undocumented Workforce in Limbo: With its ruling in Texas v. United States, millions of immigrant workers and their employers face an uncertain future.
Here are 5 ways Trumps godawful campaign has gone from dumpster fire to landfill inferno
Sen. Franken Pushes Bill to Support Veterans who helped clean up nuclear testing sites during the 1970's.
Nothing Bill Clinton Said To Defend His Welfare Reform Is True
This is the Kochs right-wing coup: Deny voting rights, flood politics with dark money, capture the courts
Why is nobody talking about the results from Nevada that show Bernie winning?
An Eerie Early Warning of Trump's Authoritarianism
More violence at Trump rally as man is caught punching and stomping a protester
Bernie Sanders Just Won Support from the Most Unlikely Person - 'Bernie is the only person out there who I think is talking at all about both fiscal stimulation and banking rules that will get the banks to begin to generate lending again as opposed to speculation'
Judge grants injunction barring distribution of bogus Planned Parenthood 'sting' videos
Strong youth support for Sanders threatens Clinton's 'inevitable' candidacy
The War Between Bernie Sanders And Hillary Clinton Supporters Must Stop: "Lets do what we need to do in the primaries for the candidate we support, then worry about stopping the Republican path of destruction come November."
Trump Block: Google Chrome extension Filters out Trump  Makes Internet Great Again!
Pete Seegers FBI File Reveals How the Folk Legend First Became a Target of the Feds
Warren Buffett Endorses Hillary Clinton and Calls for Higher Taxes on Wealthy: In 1992, the top 400 wage earners in the United States made an average of $48.6 million each, compared with $335.7 million in 2012, Mr. Buffett said, using the most recent statistics available based on income tax returns.
Donald Trump Falls 12 Percentage Points in One Week
Warren Blasts Wells Fargo's CEO for Letting Retail Bank Chief Retire With Bonus During Probe
Why a Donald Trump victory could make climate catastrophe inevitable
Fox Business Cherry-Picks Economic Data To Accuse Obama Of "Cherry-Picking" Economic Data
What Do the Presidential Candidates Know about Science?
As Donald Trump Repels Minority Voters, G.O.P. Fears Its Future in the West
The Trump effect is real, and its not good for local Republicans
Democrats Have A Secret Plan To Win Red States Without Moving To The Center
What plan?: Donald Trumps sums do not add up
Racist clown Trump makes pitch for Bernie fans after Hillary endorsement and gets a big f*ck you
Contrary to Right-Wing Fiction, Refugees DO Integrate in the US
Americans Still Say Upper-Income Pay Too Little in Taxes
Will Obama's rising approval rating give Democrats an edge in November?
Private Probation Companies | Instead of college basketball, let's talk about predatory private probation companies - Full Frontal With Samantha Bee
Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) said Thursday that he's done runningfor re-election, for Florida governor or to be anybody's vice president. When his senate term is up, he said, he'll be a "private citizen."
Flint water crisis could cost U.S. $300 billion
Hill Democrats are scrambling to figure out how they can capture some of Sanders magic  and his ability to conjure up campaign cash, seemingly out of thin air, from an apparently endless stream of supporters.
Hecklers Tried To Perform An Exorcism On Ted Cruz In New Hampshire
"In case you were wondering why the Bundy militia, or as they call themselves the ... were allowed to occupy a federal building on the Malheur Wildlife Refuge in Burns, Ore. for so long  we just got our answer. The Feds were building up a nice case against the lot of them."
"Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) made the fewest floor speeches and had the worst vote attendance record of any senator running for president"
Even Dick Cheney Thinks Donald Trump's Disgusting Plan to Ban Muslims Is Un-American
NRA Board Member Nugent Calls For 'Cleansing' The Country Of Liberals
Scott Walker Boots 15,000 People Off Food Stamps In Three Months
Who Turned My Blue State Red? Why poor areas vote for politicians who want to slash the safety net.
Hillary Clinton: "Gun Violence Is A National Emergency"
Muslim journalist shuts down Fox pundit for entitled and arrogant view of Syrian refugees
Senate Republicans press ahead with Planned Parenthood defunding
Marco Rubio cant outrun his past: The political miscalculation that still could doom his White House hopes
Why Hillary Wins
Police Accountability: Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (HBO)
Trump Is More Unpopular Than Clinton Is - And That Matters
Trump Campaign Chief's Strong Ties To Putin Revealed
German foreign minister: Donald Trump is a hate preacher
A Trump Presidency Would Be Like The Imperial Nixon Presidency On Steroids
Sanders Gets Primetime Speaking Slot At Democratic National Convention
Video: Why You Don't Want Donald Trump Controlling America's Military Arsenal
Why Kids Go Hungry in the Summer: Throughout the U.S., policies around providing meals for low-income children fail to reach 85 percent of those in need.
Mississippi governor says anti-LGBT laws arent enough: Everyone has to like them, too!
Unless It Changes, Capitalism Will Starve Humanity By 2050 - Forbes
How Reaganomics Killed Americas Middle Class
Bombshell: Alabama cops systematically framed blacks by planting drugs and guns for decades
Scientists: Ted Cruz Understands Less About Climate Than A Kindergartner
Corporate Executives Are Making Way More Money Than Anybody Reports (949 times average workers, per The Atlantic)
Pieces of Silver - Why is the Republican establishment following Donald Trump?
TTIP leak rebuts EU pledge to tackle climate change, say green activists
The Gay-Rights State That Took Years to Protect Transgender Citizens: A new Massachusetts law makes gender-identity discrimination fully illegal. Even in a liberal state, the effort took a long time.
I got banned from r\conservative for posting a link about the southern strategy
Anti-Transgender Campaign Urges Male Petitioners To Chase Women Into Their Bathrooms
GOP Operative Lashes Out At Party, Calls Trump 'Cheeto Jesus' In Epic Tweetstorm
Elizabeth Warren Hits Back at Donald Trump Attacks
Bernie Sanders: Hillary Clinton 'condescending' to young voters
Obama Questions Trump's Knowledge About Foreign Policy And 'The World Generally'
Donald Trump's 3 positions on abortion in 3 hours
Police Charge Top Trump Aide With Battery For Manhandling Reporter (VIDEO)
Trumps horrifying speech in KC
Sanders has been on the right side of history before it's been popular
The awful restrictions on abortion in conservative states made me physically ill.
Not replacing Scalia: Game theory in the real world
Bernie Sanders Won't Be Bought
Ted Cruz Is Not Eligible to be President: "Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) is not a natural-born citizen and therefore is not eligible to be president or vice president of the United States"
Sheriff says Oregon militia came to overthrow local, federal governments
Trump Spokeswoman Appears On CNN Bathed In Bullets
Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder Apologizes For Flint's Water Crisis; When the state switched the source of the city's water to save money, it introduced toxic levels of lead.
High School Teacher's Lesson In Arabic Calligraphy Prompts Closure Of Entire School District
I must be missing something...conservatives are hostile to refugees due to the assumption that terrorists may act as refugees to infiltrate the country and they pose a threat to our lives, but they aren't concerned about domestic gun violence that already occurs?
Carly Fiorina says 'Obamacare isn't helping anyone'
What Happens When The Wash. Post Gives A Top Coal Lobbyist A Writing Gig: "the Washington Post is allowing Rogers to write a blog where he repeatedly dismisses the scientific consensus on climate change...without disclosing his lobbying clients."
Chaos In Court After Bundys And Oregon Standoff Leaders Acquitted For Refuge Takeover
Senate Update: Clinton Is Surging, But Down-Ballot Democrats Are Losing Ground
How Did an Alleged Russian Mobster End Up on Trump's Red Carpet? And here's a coincidence: The guy was indicted for being part of a global gambling ring run out of Trump Tower.
Trump campaign chief Steve Bannon is registered voter at vacant Florida home
Could Trump's Terrible Week Get Any Worse? Yes. (And It Just Did)
Trump's Many Business Failures, Explained
Last Week Tonight with John Oliver: Republican National Convention (HBO)
Elizabeth Warren To Keynote Democratic Convention
A Texas prosecutor jailed a rape victim to ensure her testimony against her attacker.
Hillary Clinton Says Shes Weighing Medicare for 50-Year-Olds
The fall of Salon.com: How a digital trailblazer and progressive powerhouse lost its way.
Hillary Clinton Didn't Give a 'Stand Down' Benghazi Order
Dont Overthink It: Donald Trump Will Probably Lose
Heritage Foundation President Says Voter ID Helps Conservatives Win Elections
At McDonalds, Fat Profits but Lean Wages
The 2008 Democratic Primary Was Far Nastier Than 2016s: Clinton had not surrendered at this point eight years agoand the party still came together at the convention.
Rockefellers Dump Exxon Holdings That Made Family's Fortune
Trump Says Muslims Aren't Helping Fight Terrorism, Ignores The Reality That Muslim Americans Repeatedly Cooperate With Authorities -
Goldman Sachs: Hillary Clinton's Upcoming Nixon Moment
Obama Addresses Kansas Shooting: 'We Cannot Become Numb To This'
For First Time In Years, Labor Resistance Is on the Rise in America | naked capitalism
What Ted Cruz said behind closed doors: A secret tape from a New York fundraiser could mean trouble for a candidate selling authenticity.
Obama: 'The threat from terrorism is real, but we will overcome it'
The Farce Awakens - What explains the modern rights propensity for panic? Part of it, no doubt, is the familiar point that many bullies are also cowards. But I think its also linked to the apocalyptic mind-set that has developed among Republicans during the Obama years.
Ann Coulter Thinks She's Native Because She Descended From Settlers
On The Defensive, Ben Carson Unleashes Litany Of Anti-Obama Conspiracy Theories
North Carolina conservatives recycle transphobic bathroom ad
Two Women Say Donald Trump Touched Them Inappropriately
Here Is Donald Trump's Newly Released Videotaped Deposition
Elizabeth Warren just eviscerated the Wells Fargo CEO
The Khan fight highlights a huge GOP problem: No one knows how low Trump can go
Donald Trump used money donated for charity to buy himself a Tim Tebow-signed football helmet
Republican Leader Mitch McConnell Admits: Donald Trump Doesnt Know a Lot About the Issues
FBI data showing drop in police deaths undermines 'war on cops' theory
Wash. Post Fact Checker Slams Media For Their Reluctance To Challenge Trumps Repeated Misstatements
Think America's terrified of Donald Trump? Check out how the rest of the world's reacting.
Interracial couples fight racist backlash to Old Navy ad by tweeting photos of selves
I decided today that I'm definitely voting for Hillary Clinton! I'm not happy about it, but she's got my vote.
Now Is Not The Time To Go Green [Party
Lets Grow Up, Liberals: I voted for Bernie Sanders. But its enough with the purity already.
Endorsement: Hillary Clinton has needed knowledge, experience
Hillary Clinton: Child care now costs more than rent. Heres how to fix this crisis.
Hillary Clinton will almost certainly clinch the Democratic nomination on June 7
67% of voters think Clinton won the debate, to 20% for Bernie Sanders and 7% for Martin O'Malley
Hillary Clinton Has Eased One Of The Biggest Doubts About Her Capacity To Be A Good President
Am I the only Sanders supporter who will gladly accept Clinton as POTUS?
Hillary Clinton's first general election campaign ad!
Hillary Clinton Campaign Raised $37 Million for Primary Bid Last Quarter: It said 94% of its donations in the fourth quarter were for $100 or less, and that more than 60% of its donors were women. Mrs. Clinton also raised $18 million for the Democratic National Committee and state parties.
The Bernie Sanders Trainwreck: At this point, the best thing his supporters can probably do for his reputation is to vote against him in the remaining primaries and caucuses.
All the terrible things Hillary Clinton has done  in one big list
Hillary Snags a Win in Nevada!
The lefts absurd Hillary hate: Why this ridiculous anti-Clinton crusade needs to stop: There are many reasons to be wary of Clinton, but a subset of Democrats seem to be motivated by something else
A New Low For Jill Stein - The Boston Globe
When Hillary Clinton Killed Feminism
A Progressive Case for Hillary Clinton
Im a Bernie Sanders voter who will not support Hillary Clinton: Here are 10 reasons why
Hillary Clinton's New Campaign Slogan: "I Dislike Donald...More Than I Dislike Hillary"
Bernie Sanders - 'When You're White You Don't Know What It's Like To Be Poor' What?!!
Hillary Clinton cools the Bern in Democratic debate
Hillary Clinton Offers an 'Awesome Gay Agenda': Hillary Clinton today released a comprehensive policy paper on LGBT issues, laying out goals that include passing the Equality Act, ending the use of conversion therapy on minors, protecting the rights of transgender people, and more.
Jill Steins foul language on race
With Clinton we have a chance at moving the affordable care act along and getting a liberal Supreme Court Justice.
Poll: Clinton Holds 25-Point National Lead Over Sanders
HOLY SH*T: It Looks Like Someone Tried To Assassinate Bernie Sanders
Bernie Sanders Says He Will Vote for Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton isn't the lesser of two evils. She's one of the most experienced candidates in history
Bernie Sanders' New Group Is Already In Turmoil
Hillary Clinton Wins Nevada Democratic Caucus, Defeating Sanders
FDR's Grandson: Hillary Clinton Embodies My Grandfather's Spirit
The Cynical Sit-In | The congressional sit-in was not just cynical political theater  it was for a deeply reactionary cause.
Bernie Sanders targets Hillary Clinton over email scandal
Bernie Sanders Will Become President, Despite Rigged Debate Schedules, Skewed Polls, and Clinton's 'Inevitability'
What Hillary Clinton Gets (and Bernie Sanders Doesnt) About Wall Street
The Impending End Of The Obama Coalition
A Final Debunking of Progressive Attacks on Hillary Rodham Clinton
Bernie Sanders Is Said to Plan Large Layoff From Campaign Staff; Senator Bernie Sanders plans to lay off at least half his campaign staff Wednesday
POLL: Most Sanders Fans Want 'Right Combination of Finger Wagging and Insults' to Switch to Hillary
Trumps calculated misogyny: "Research shows the attack is rational, and his repetition of it suggests its calculated."
Why Socialists Cant Wait for Bernie to Lose
Astrid Silva: I stand with Hillary because she stands with immigrant families
Wheres Bernie? Media Ignores Sanders Though Hes More Popular Than Trump
Hillary Clinton's evisceration of Donald Trump
Rapper Killer Mike faces flak for uterus comment at Sanders rally
Superdelegates have destroyed the will of the people: As a political activist and hopeful millennial, I wont support a broken system by voting for Hillary
Within the next two weeks or so, the expectation is there will be an announcement of no charges being brought against Clinton so long as no evidence of wrongdoing emerges from her interview with the FBI, sources familiar with the investigation told CNN.
10 Things Millennials Did That Ruined The World as We Know It
Elizabeth Warren Just Delivered A Beat Down On Trump That Should Terrify Republicans
There Is No Sound Logic Behind 'Protest Voting'
10 Questions I Would Like Green Party Supporters and Jill Stein to Answer
Poll: Clinton leads Sanders by 2-to-1, with wide edge on managing terrorism; Clinton receives 59 percent of the support among Democratic-leaning registered voters, while 28 percent back Sanders.
Nobody Understands Poor Sam Harris
The Gary Johnson Swindle and the Degradation of Third Party Politics
There's Plenty Of Time For Trump Or Clinton To Become Likable Enough
Bernie Sanders Set to Endorse Hillary Clinton at New Hampshire Rally
Erica Jong: Why I trust Hillary Clinton
What the hell just happened in Nevada? Sanders supporters are fed up  and rightfully so
Hillary Clinton Beats Bernie Sanders in Nevada Caucuses
Working Families Party Endorses Bernie Sanders for President
Inside the bitter last days of Bernie's revolution -- For better and for worse, Sanders made all the big decisions.
Bill Clinton, After a Year of Restraint, Unleashes an Impassioned Self-Defense: I got tickled the other day when Mr. Trump called my foundation a criminal enterprise. If creating jobs and saving lives is bad, Mr. Clinton said in Orlando the next day, I guess you can zing me with it.
The Fundamental Choice In This Election Is Between Trumps I And Hillarys We.
Sherriff's demo of how magazine size makes very little difference
Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton Campaigns in Talks for Possible Endorsement Next Week
Hillary Clinton just achieved another big first
Bernie Ain't Done, and Neither Are We!
Clinton must win back progressives, who are abandoning her in droves
The Quick Startup Guide to Hillary Clinton
The end is near: Clinton and Sanders camps quietly signal resolution
A Nasty Piece of Work: Bill Mahers Politics are Unreal
Bold, brash and wholly false: Hillary Clinton is misleading people about Bernie Sanders Wall Street reform, again
On the Democratic side Hillary Clinton leads with 59% to 26% for Bernie Sanders and 7% for Martin O'Malley.
#WhoFramedBernieSanders Hillary Clinton May Have Just Committed Election Fraud  And the Internet Found Out
Was Bernie Sanders sexist toward Hillary Clinton? Thats asking the wrong question. Clinton didn't say or imply that Bernie intentionally slighted her based on her gender. She did imply that her gender made him see her differently, and that many women have this same experience all the time.
Harvard Study Confirms The Media Tore Down Clinton, Built Up Trump And Sanders
Think Youve Got It Locked, Hillary? Meet Jill Stein.
Westboro Baptist Church: Gay Victims of Nightclub Massacre Brought Death Upon Themselves
The sad decline and fall of Bernie Sanders
Jill Stein: Edward Snowden Should Be Brought Home With A Heros Welcome
Why Sanders is a better bet against Trump
Clinton decisively wins Democratic primaries in 4 states: Hillary Clinton all but secured the Democratic nomination Tuesday after a long and bruising primary fight against rival Sen. Bernie Sanders, scoring decisive victories in four of five East Coast states to cast ballots.
Walmart Closes LA Store Over $15 Minimum Wage
Brady Campaign to Endorse Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton's weaknesses hidden by Republican chaos
In unusually candid remarks, President Obama privately told a group of Democratic donors last Friday that Senator Bernie Sanders is nearing the point where his campaign against Hillary Clinton will come to an end, and that the party must soon come together to back her.
Poll: Clinton expands favorability lead over Sanders
FBI Director On Clinton's Email: 'No Charges Are Appropriate In This Case'
Immediately after Saturday night's Democratic debate, CBS News interviewed a nationally representative sample of debate watchers assembled by GfK's Knowledge Panel who identified themselves as Democrats or independents. By a 23 point margin, these debate watchers say Hillary Clinton won the debate
Al Gore On Why Hes Voting For Hillary Clinton
Bernie Sanders Buys $600K Lakefront Summer House in Vermont
This right here, at least to me, sums up the problem with the liberals right now.
The "Libtard" Rant
Another neocon endorses Clinton, calling her 2016s real conservative and the candidate of the status quo
Elizabeth Warren to meet with Hillary Clinton
AP count: Clinton has delegates to win Democratic nomination
Jill Stein pens open letter to Bernie: Green Party presidential candidate invites Sanders to cooperate on political revolution
Why Welfare isn't helping people get out of poverty
'Bernie or Bust' Is Bonkers
Bill Clinton knocks awful legacy of last 8 years
Left-Leaning Economists Question Cost of Bernie Sanderss Plans
Hillary Clinton Gets $13 Million From Health Industry, Now Says Single-Payer Will "Never, Ever Come To Pass"
Hillary Clinton Shares Outrage Over Flint, Michigan Water Crisis During Debate
CNN/ORC poll: In Democratic race, Clinton solidifies lead; Clinton leads Sanders 58% to 30%, with former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley registering just 2%, according to a CNN/ORC Poll released Friday.
Do the Kochs Have Their Own Spy Network?
University With 100% Accuracy Record Predicts Bernie Sanders Will Be America's Next President
Closed primaries are hurting Bernie Sanders. But they're not why he's losing. "I think it just helps to show  it is important, it does make a difference, but it's not like if every state had an open primary then Bernie would be ahead," Abramowitz said. "Not even close."
Keeping Wall Street Speeches Secret Speaks Volumes About Hillary Clinton
Hillary's Pneumonia: The Media's Lowest Moment
If You're Still #BernieOrBust...
Hillary Clinton pledges Dem unity and reflects on historic victory
Decoding Bernie Sanders #ArtfulSmear of Hillary Clinton
Is Black Lives Matter Worth Supporting?
Joe Biden: I'm 'confident' Hillary Clinton will be the Democratic nominee and the next president
Donald Trump's war on women is officially in full swing
After Super Tuesday, it's clear that only Hillary Clinton can stop Donald Trump
Scalia believed in Satan. How comforting is it to know that they'll get to spend some quality time together in the coming few centuries?
Clinton shatters $100M fundraising goal
End the Gun Epidemic in America: It is a moral outrage and national disgrace that civilians can legally purchase weapons designed to kill people with brutal speed and efficiency. "But at least those countries are trying. The United States is not."
The progressive case for Hillary Clinton is pretty overwhelming
The DNC Hack Is Watergate, but Worse 1.4k The email dump isnt a high-minded act of transparency. Its a foreign power attempting to swing an election for its favored candidate.
Why Leftists Should Have No Problem Voting For Hillary Clinton: What matters is not who you vote for, what matters is what happens in the world as a result
Could Hillary Clinton Become the Champion of the 99 Percent?
Sanders' Top Aide To Help Organize Votes For Clinton
Russ Feingold endorses Hillary Clinton, says 'she's ready to take on Donald Trump'
How Bernie Sanders Exposed the Democrats Racial Rift
Huffington Post: DePaul Admins Told Police Not To Do Their Jobs
Hillary Clintons Energy Initiative Pressed Countries to Embrace Fracking, New Emails Reveal
What do you folks think of Gary Johnson (or any other Libertarian candidate, for that matter)?
Campaign Mystery: Why Don't Bernie Sanders' Big Rallies Lead To Big Wins? Because the $ame people attend multiple rallies.
The best reason for Bernie Sanders to fight on: Hawkish, neoliberal Clintons need a watchful eye from progressives
Bill Clinton Insults Blacks in Order to Build Hillarys Big Tent Party
This is why gun control advocates will never forgive Bernie Sanders
Hillary Clinton delivered a powerful statement on racism in South Carolina
Clinton Ends Debate Saying Shes no Single-Issue Candidate
Sanders Wins Big in New Hampshire! Now Hes Only 352 Delegates Behind Clinton!
Can Sanders deliver his revolution?
Poll: Clinton has a better shot at beating Trump than Sanders
Who are this generation's Seeger/Ochs/Young?
Winners and losers in the third Democratic presidential debate
How do Gun Free Zones work?
Netanyahu: Muslims are dangerous animals
This website's ad popped up while I was reading an article about atheism. I cannot even believe what I am reading; this is outrageous. They have everything backwards.
Meet the Women Who Say Theres a Better Feminist in the Race Than Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton Is Still the Favorite
Hillary Clinton wins big, and all these male pundits can talk about is her voice
Clinton wins prized green group endorsement
Hillary Clinton says Bernie Sanders supported Minutemen, indefinite detention for the undocumented
Hillary Clinton for President: Hillary Clinton for President: Our endorsement is rooted in respect for her intellect, experience and courage.
Robert Reich is still trying to talk some damn sense into Bernie supporters and its still not going well
If Youre Liberal and You Think Hillary Clinton Is Corrupt and Untrustworthy, Youre Rewarding 25 Years of GOP Smears
CNN poll: Post-debate, voters move to Clinton: Overall, Clinton tops Sanders among registered voters who are Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents 50% to 34%.
How Putin Weaponized Wikileaks to Influence the Election of an American President
Sanders to Clinton: Yes, Trump's Foreign Policy Ideas Are Scary. But So Are Yours
New Fox news poll, if you had to vote today who would you pick. Trump leads, let's fix that.
This Election is Too Important Not to Vote for Hillary
After being called a "libtard" on social media one too many times I decided to make it a badge of honor and make some spare change off of it.
Confused Anti-Trump Protester Thinks She is Fighting Fascism by Defending the Establishment
People are calling for Sanders to endorse Hillary now. How is that the takeaway today? Hillary should drop out after being called extremely careless, and Bernie should ask her to please not endorse him. At the least, the superdelegates should all switch to Bernie.
The Progressive Case for Hillary Clintons Incrementalism
Can Clinton Move Left To Get Sanders On Board And Still Win?
I finally understand why conservatives exist.
Bernie Sanders: $15T in tax increases proposed, hitting most taxpayers, report finds
In South Carolina, Clinton scores the big win she wanted heading into Super Tuesday
Liberals and abortion
Hillary Clinton campaigns with casino workers, guests on Strip
Hillary Clintons week just went from bad to worse - It furthers the "where there's smoke, there's fire" argument. This hurts Clinton both coming and going. For Republicans, it hands them yet another way to suggest that something untoward is going on with Clinton.
DREAMers endorse Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton
Endorsement: Hillary Clinton, The Candidate Who Actually Inspires: Most importantly, its clear she knows how to get things accomplished in these crazy political times. Shes still standing after decades of Republican attacks, and shell force them to the table once in office.
Flint mayor endorses Hillary Clinton
Am I turning into an old fart? losing faith in liberalism.
Email reveals Clinton sought to assist Md. marriage effort: The latest batch of Hillary Clinton emails made public by the State Department reveals she made an effort in 2012 to help with passage of same-sex marriage in Maryland, even though at the time she had yet to come out for gay nuptials.
10 Ways Bernie Sanders Dominated in December
Sanders Campaign's Breach of Clinton Data More Serious Than Disclosed; According to data obtained by TIME, the Sanders campaign appears to have obtained files with lists of unique voters that the Clinton campaign had cultivated in 10 early states including Iowa and New Hampshire.
Hillary Clintons Toughness: She is the only one about whom as many people express confidence in her ability to handle an international crisis as say they are uneasy.
After every mass shooting, I am going to post this until people get the message.
These are the companies the NRA and supporters are boycotting and pressuring - Maybe the sane should do the opposite.
Everything We Know About The Mass Shooting In San Bernardino
Hillary Clinton pledges broadband for all Americans in $275 billion infrastructure plan
Latest Snub of Progressive Base as Clinton Ditches MoveOn Forum
SEIU endorses Hillary Clinton for president
Democratic hopeful Hillary Clinton retains a commanding lead over her primary opponents. More than six in ten (62%) Democratic likely primary voters support Clintons candidacy, while fewer than three in ten (29%) support Bernie Sanders.
Poll: Hillary Clinton crushing Bernie Sanders in South Carolina
Clinton defeats Sanders in Nevada
Why A Vote For A Third Party Cannot Be An Option For Progressives
A breakthrough 240 years in the making
Senator Menendez Op-Ed: Hillary Clinton Has the Right Stuff for Prez
Bernie Sanderss most vitriolic supporters really test the meaning of the word progressive
Hillary is the foolish idealist: Clinton derides Sanders as naive, but has no plan for battling GOP obstruction
Hillary Is the Worst Kind of Socialist Which Is Why I Can't Vote for Her
Supporters of Hillary Clinton on Saturday pounced on a newly unearthed resolution signed by Bernard Sanders in 1982 affirming marriage is between husband and wife, asserting the document undercuts the notion hes been a longtime supporter of same-sex marriage.
Sanders flunks on foreign policy
Bernie Sanders supporters get a bad reputation online: "Sexism is not the only bad behaviour demonstrated online by Sanders supporters - an ugly racial element has arisen, too"
Hillary Clintons historical problem with honesty
Clinton Tops List of Arms Company Donations
Snowden touts credible Sanders, pans Clinton in live debate tweets
Hillarys War Whoop: In a presentation to the Council on Foreign Relations, Clinton made it clear that if shes elected in 2016, shes going to drag the country straight to war.
Study: Bernie Sanders's single-payer plan is almost twice as expensive as he says.
There's A New Silent Majority, And It's Voting For Hillary Clinton
Bernies Tragic Flaw: Too Soft on Clinton
A Milestone For Women In Politics: Libertarians Reflect on Hillary's Nomination
Vice President Joe Biden: I feel confident that Hillary will be the nominee, and I feel confident shell be the next president
The Bernie Bro smear must go: #BernieMadeMeWhite claps back at idiotic primary meme
Video shows Donald Trump is guilty of all 7 deadly sins
Why Hillary Clinton just became an even bigger front-runner: The CBS News Knowledge Panel poll of Democrats and independents who watched the debate shows that 51 percent viewed Clinton as the winner.
Hillary Clinton Gets Her Victory Speech as Road to Nomination Clears
The Simple Truth: President Obama is Too Intelligent for Republicans to Understand
Your Vote for Jill Stein Is a Wasted Vote
Hillary Clinton's Iron Will
The way to bring Trump down that no one is talking about.
Leaked memo: Sanders team wanted use of plane in exchange for backing Clinton
Real Liberalism vs Facade Liberalites
Bernie Has It Backward: Hell Have More Leverage if He Endorses Clinton
Trump fires back: His 15 nastiest zingers on Clinton
Green Party's Jill Stein to Sanders fans: 'There's a plan B here'
Insurance Companies: Unlikely Heroes Against Police Brutality
How Bernie Sanders missed his chance to beat Hillary Clinton
Does The Democrat Party Want What Bernie Wants, Or Just What Bernie Has?
When Iraq Was Clintons War: Bill Clintons quiet war on Iraq set the stage for George W. Bushs bloody invasion.
Can You Not PAC is a political action project that aims to dis/empower and dis/incline people in positions of privilege, specifically straight white men, from ambitions of running for office in progressive urban districts.
Election Law Blog on Sanders' legal claims against Clinton and DNC: "legally this seems weak"
Clintons dismal approval ratings prompt Dem fears
Party unity is bogus: The Hillary-Bernie debate is crucial, and wont doom the Democrats in the fall -- Will the Sanders-Clinton struggle lead to a gruesome fall defeat? History says no  but that's not the big question
I don't agree with everything Kasparov says, but he brings up many valid precautions.
Can liberals please stop attacking Trump?
Some families of Columbine, Aurora, Sandy Hook victims endorse Clinton
De Blasio Arrives in Iowa to Help Hillary Clinton Before Caucuses
Republicans are trying to help Bernie Sanders win, and it's not because they like his message
Where Were the Post-Hebdo Free Speech Crusaders as France Spent the Last Year Crushing Free Speech?
Bernie Sanders and the Limits of Electoral Politics
15 Things You Didn't Know About Bernie Sanders
Liberals Launch 1st Phase Of Missing, Murdered Indigenous Women Inquiry
Pentagon Opens All Frontline Combat Jobs to Women
Hillary Clinton continues to enjoy a sizable advantage over her rival Bernie Sanders, outpolling the Vermont senator 2-to-1  60 percent to 30 percent  among registered Democratic voters surveyed nationwide.
Honduras detains 5 Syrians heading for U.S. with stolen Greek passports-police
Raise the Minimum Wage to $15 Per Hour
Hillary Clinton edges out Bernie Sanders to win Iowa caucuses
Are the Democrats making a suicidal mistake?
How can people say the media is not biased when they claim Hillary is more electable when every single poll shows Bernie is more electable and now she's losing/close to Trump in polls?
How to argue against "Bernie or Bust"
5 Bernie Sanders Messages Hillary Clinton Must Embrace To Unite The Left
Progressive scion Barney Frank finally speaks up about Bernie Sanders.
Men Are Treating 2016 As A Normal Election; Women Arent
Hillary Clinton vs. Donald Trump on broadband: She has a plan, he doesn't
WikiLeaks Doesn't Care It's Naming Teenage Rape Victims And Outing People
I Was on the No-Fly List. I Still Think America Needs a 'No-Fly, No Buy' List.
Hillary Clintons path to victory; If the blue wall holds, she needs only one swing state to win the White House
Why Sanders Stays in the Race: Its Not Because Hes Bitter
Clinton leads Trump by 11 points in White House race: Reuters/Ipsos poll
U.S. election: Hillary Clinton's historic moment
Voters outraged as media accused of falsely, preemptively crowning Clinton
Passion of Bernie Sanders and his supporters turns against Democrats
Debbie Wasserman Schultzs Challenger Has a Chance
Heat From Democrats on Bernie Grows Louder: Drop Out and Get #WithHer
Is Liberalism Really Smug? Vox says smugness has reshaped the Democratic Party.
Clinton camp: Will Sanders turn into Ralph Nader? I am still surprised they are still so confident to get the nomination.
Jill Stein: 'The Deep State Is Written Into The DNA Of The Democratic Party'
Castro: ""The native populations dont exist at all in Obamas mind. Nor does he say that the Revolution swept away racial discrimination, or that pensions and salaries for all Cubans were decreed by it before Mr. Barrack Obama was 10 years old.
Why Rolling Stone Magazine Endorsed Hillary Clinton
Rolling Stone Endorses Hillary Clinton for President
Hillary Clinton Is Exposing the Dark Underbelly of the Democrats Money Machine: Her campaign has put a spotlight on the cozy relationships between Democratic operatives and corporate America.
Trump fought for the first transgender contestant in Miss Universe In 2012
Bernie Sanders Opens A New Front In His War on Hillary Clintons Big Money
Left-Leaning Economists Question Cost of Bernie Sanderss Plans
I used to hate Hillary. Now Im voting for her.
The War on Bernie Sanders. The Democratic Party elite has launched a virtually unprecedented attack against Bernie Sanders.
Why I Support Bernie Sanders: An In-Depth Look Into His History in Politics
Planned Parenthood, In Its First Primary Endorsement, Backs Hillary Clinton
New perspective of the systematic genocide of Europe's white population.
Hillary Clinton, John Kasich fare well in new polls
Sandra Bland 'would be alive if she were a white woman', Bernie Sanders says
Obama Hints at Renewed Pressure on Encryption, Clinton Waves Off First Amendment
Why the Bernie Sanders Revolution Is Not Televised
Poll: Clinton crushing Sanders nationally; A Monmouth University survey released Wednesday found Clinton with a 33-point lead, taking 59 percent support nationally over Sanders at 26 percent.
Vote for Bernie Sanders in the DFA 2016 Endorsement Poll!
Hillary Clinton to Speak at Rosa Parks Event in Alabama
Clinton says Trump is 'dealing in prejudice and paranoia'
Hillary Is Already Triangulating Against Liberals
8 Syrians Caught at Texas Border in Laredo
Hillary Clinton State Department approved U.S. weapons shipment to Libya despite ban
Israeli Undercover Agents Raid al-Ahli Hospital in Hebron, Kill a Civilian in Cold Blood and Arrest Another Wounded
Poll: Sanders edging Clinton out in California. A USC Dornsife/Los Angeles Times poll released Thursday evening shows Sanders leading with 44 percent to Clinton's 43 percent.
Privilege is what allows Sanders supporters to say theyll never vote for Clinton
An Elaborate Hillary Clinton Facebook Conspiracy With Coordinated Attacks and Porn? No, Just a Glitch
Hillary Clinton for the Democratic Nomination; Voters have the chance to choose one of the most broadly and deeply qualified presidential candidates in modern history
No longer pretending to be objective, NYT turns 3rd debate into The Hillary Clinton Show
Sanders is right  dont trust Clinton on gay rights
Yesterday there was a 100% chance I would vote for Hillary if she was nominated. Today there is a 0% chance.
Clintons little-known crusade to save Africas elephants Relentless poaching is decimating Africas elephants. But the worlds largest land mammal could have a powerful, new champion if Hillary Clinton becomes president of the U.S.
Cenk Uygur is a Liar, a Bigot, and a Fraud | Commentary and Analysis from a Former TYT Fan
Hillary Clinton Calls on Congress to Fight 'Serious and Urgent' Threat of Zika Virus
Poll: Sanders holds slim lead over Clinton nationally - Sanders has a 2-point lead over Clinton, 49 to 47 percent. He has more support among those ages 29 and younger, Hispanics, independents and liberals, according to the poll.
Planned Parenthood to give Clinton its first-ever primary endorsement
Clinton Most Admired Woman for Record 20th Time; Americans again name Hillary Clinton and President Barack Obama the woman and man living anywhere in the world they admire most.
Bernie Sanders Declares War On The DNC
Bernie Sanders has released few tax returns compared with past and present candidates
Michael Moore Blasts Hateful People Chasing Hillary Clinton About Her Health In Brilliant Smackdown
Hillary Clinton FULL Speech DNC Convention - July 28, 2016
What type of liberal am I?
Elizabeth Warren's Kick-Ass Speech Tells It Like It Is: What Should Hillary Do? - Heading into the Democratic Convention, the senator from Massachusetts offers the best analysis of our failed monopolistic economy.
The AR-15 has to go: Sorry, Jon Stokes, but your toy isnt more important than peoples lives
Libertarianism, Yes! But *What Kind* of Libertarianism?
Your Ultimate Guide To The 11 White People Donald Trump Will Consider For The Supreme Court
Why Are Bernie Sanders Supporters Voting For Jill Stein? She is An Anti-Establishment Choice
Fury builds among Sanders supporters over stonewalling by Dem establishment
Chomsky on Supporting Sanders & Why He Would Vote for Clinton Against Trump in a Swing State
For one group of women, the gender wage gap keeps getting worse: "EPI's data shows that the gender wage gap cracks open right after college graduation, well before decisions like maternity leave can affect womens earnings."
What do liberals think of this hypocrisy?
Poll: Florida 'looks like a blowout' for Clinton
Dolores Huerta says she was shouted down with English-only chants from a Sanders crowd
Hillary Clinton, With Little Notice, Vows to Embrace an Extremist Agenda on Israel
Why Bernie Sanders Can't Govern
Hillary Clinton will travel to Flint, Michigan this Sunday
White House applauds Clinton for Iowa win
Hillary Clinton Narrowly Defeats Bernie Sanders in Iowa Democratic Caucuses
The DNC Proves That It Has An Agenda By Using VoteBuilder Demographic Data As A Weapon Against Sanders Campaign
Editorial: The Force is with Hillary Clinton
Poll: Sanders more electable than Hillary against top Republicans
For those who are #JillNotHill
President Barack Obama endorses Hillary Clinton for president
A crescendo of tough talk on Syrian refugees and terrorism seems to be elevating the toughest talkers in the GOP primary -- most notably Donald Trump. But among the broader American public, the most trusted person to handle the issue is Hillary Clinton.
Sanders campaign begins laying off staff
AP declares Clinton winner of Democratic primary
How Stoya took on James Deen and broke the porn industry's silence
Hillary Clinton wore an Armani jacket during a speech about inequality
Jill Stein Continues Pandering to Anti-Vaxxers
9/11 Tapes Reveal Raw And Emotional Hillary Clinton
Critics Aghast at 'Disgusting Speech' Clinton Just Gave to AIPAC: Democratic presidential candidate speech praises "everything that is bad about Israeli policy and U.S. imperialism"
HP CEO Whitman compares Trump to Hitler, Mussolini
Unlike Petraeus and others, Clinton's case lacked malicious intent or other nefarious elements
Bill Clinton's Got Some Real Balls to Blame Millennials for All America's Problems
Bernie or Bust' protesters  if you genuinely believe Hillary Clinton is worse than Donald Trump, you're deluded
I like Hillary Clinton. And Im convinced that saying so can be a subversive act. "She cant be sad or angry, she cant be happy or amused, and she cant refrain from expressing any of those emotions. There is no way out of this one. There is no right way for her to act."
Jill Stein says its dangerous to expose kids to wifi signals
Green Party's Jill Stein: What We Fear from Donald Trump, We Have Already Seen from Hillary Clinton
Trump University Scandal Just Scratches the Surface of Trumps Horrible Business Practices
Inside the Clinton paid speech machine
It Comes From the Very Top
Bernie Sanderss plans have surprisingly small benefits for Americas poorest people
Whats Wrong With Hillary? The GOP is fretting about Trump, but the Democrats likely standard-bearer could do just as much damage to her own party.
Is anyone else feeling the potential for another civil war? (Serious)
Sanders campaign deletes tweet knocking Clinton
I like guns and believe that individuals should have the right to keep and bear arms. Why should I support a liberal for any election?
Face It: A Vote for Hillary Clinton Is a Vote for War
A town council in North Carolina rejected plans to rezone land for a solar farm after residents voiced fears it would cause cancer, stop plants from growing and suck up all the energy from the sun.
The Left Ought to Worry About Hillary Clinton, Hawk and Militarist, in 2016: As secretary of state, Clinton accomplished little, but usually came down on the side of using force.
Jill Stein: The Democratic Party 'fakes left,' marches right
Dont blame Bernie for fighting on  blame the Dems for trying to crush dissent
Poll: Clinton leads Sanders by 25 points nationally
Ginsburg apologizes for Trump comments
Hillary Clinton would make a sober, smart and pragmatic president. Donald Trump would be a catastrophe.
What The Clinton Foundation DoesAnd Why Hillary Clinton Should Point To It With Pride
Poll: Clinton leads Sanders by 31 points ahead of debate
A Mass Murderer Becomes a TerroristBased on Ethnicity, Not Evidence: The New York Times labeled the attack terrorist, despite admitting that it had no knowledge of the presumed killers motives
Clinton to unveil tech agenda: Hillary Clinton is preparing to release a "technology and innovation" agenda as soon as this week that strongly defends net neutrality, calls for a special commission to study encryption and commits to bringing broadband to 100 percent of U.S. households by 2020.
Texas's Anti-LGBT Republican Lt Gov Faces Backlash for Bible Verse Tweet After Attack at Orlando Gay Club
Bernie Sanders' top supporters gently tell him: It's time to go
The Nazi Tweets of Trump God Emperor
Gary JohnsonThe Classically Liberal Candidate
Clinton wins Guam caucus
The Revolution Will NOT Be Intimidated: Nev. has only strengthened our spirits, hardened our resolve
Bernie Sanders has the correct diagnosis: U.S. prescription drug prices typically highest in world
Hillary Clinton's Lead Over Sanders Nearly Vanishes
The Media Are Bored, but Below the Radar, Clinton Is Connecting: They dont go viral, but Hillary Clintons proposals on substance abuse, Alzheimers and other issues are hitting home with voters.
My Fellow Liberals, Dont Support Obamas Terror Watch List Gun Ban
More like Reagan than FDR: Im a millennial and Ill never vote for Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton: America Must Lead at Paris Climate Talks; The climate change deniers, defeatists and obstructionists should know that their cynical efforts will fail
The Bernie Bros Narrative: a Cheap Campaign Tactic Masquerading as Journalism and Social Activism
The Leftist Case for Clinton
Go Midwest, Young Hipster
How to Convince an Angry Millennial to Vote for Hillary Clinton
How the Internet Normalized Donald Trump and Impacted American Politics
Trump Supporters Spend a Day with a Muslim
As Our Jobs Are Automated, Some Say We'll Need A Guaranteed Basic Income
Food Liberation: Why the Food Movement Is Unstoppable
Confederates For Donald Trump Warn Of "White Ethnic Cleansing"
The zombie claim that Hillary Clinton was fired during the Watergate inquiry: Please, folks, dont pass on this Four Pinocchio claim anymore.
The First Time Hillary Clinton Was President
Trumps good political timing: Younger Americans are shunning democracy
Part 1: Chris Hedges vs. Robert Reich on Clinton, Third Parties & Next Steps for Sanders Backers
" ... allow me to just sew up that burning tire that is around your neck, put a little duct tape, strap it to your back, wrap it around your chest so that this thing doesn't accidentally fall off ..."
Gang War Intensifies Between Cops and Antagonists
Jesse Williams' fiery BET Awards speech
Abortion is weakness for Clinton VP favorite
Hillary Clinton coming to Cincinnati Monday with Elizabeth Warren
Liberal slowing turning to a Conservative
FBI probes Craigslist ad in San Diego praising Orlando shooting
What is Political Correctness?
Trump Says Israel Should "Keep Moving Forward" Building Illegal Settlements
Fetuses could be granted constitutional rights under measure approved by Missouri House
Genuine question: Is Robert B. Reich a credible economist?
Stop Sweating Sanders's Attacks on Clinton
Bernie Sanders: 'We All Knew' What Hillary Clinton Meant By 'Super-Predators'
WABE Poll: Hillary Clinton Leads All Categories Among Georgia Voters; Clinton has won the support of 61.5 percent of likely voters ahead of Tuesday's primary while Sanders came in at just 29.3 percent.
Trump, Clinton lead big in Virginia poll; On the Democratic side, Clinton leads Bernie Sanders by a margin of 60 percent to 30 percent
Here's How Bernie Sanders Plans to Save Social Security
Bush May Causing the Second Recession of His Career as President
Scalias Absence Is Likely to Alter Courts Major Decisions This Term: Antonin Scalias death will complicate the work of the remaining justices, as some cases could result in 4-to-4 deadlocks, and strengthen the Supreme Courts liberal wing.
Scalia-Ginsburg friendship bridged opposing ideologies
Arkansas legislative black caucus members endorse Clinton
Houston Chronicle endorses Hillary Clinton
Obamas Biggest Critic Thursday Night Was Bill Clinton, Not Bernie Sanders
Maher: The More You Know About Islam, The More Afraid Of It You Are, Intolerant Christians 'Really Aren't a Problem'
Oregon Standoff Militia Mix
Hillary's Record on Regulating Wall Street Amounts to a Non-Confidence Vote
A YUGE number of conservatives just shredded Donald Trump in the National Review
Hillary Clintons Vision for a New Economic Future for Latino Communities
New video exposes disturbing practices on independent American political Facebook pages, both right (2:24) and left (5:30)
Where Did the OUR Walmart Campaign Go Wrong?
Ana Kasparian vs. Dana Loesch
What social science tells us about racism in the Republican party
Don't Forget to Vote in the DFA 2016 Endorsement Poll
I need some design ideas for a billboard comparing Trump to Hitler
Mass Incarceration: The Whole Pie 2015. Includes excellent infographic that shows how many people are locked up in the U.S., for which sort of crimes, in what sort of facility.
Things are stable on the Democratic side in North Carolina. Hillary Clinton leads with 60% to 21% for Bernie Sanders and 10% for Martin O'Malley.
Iowa: Clinton Maintains Caucus Lead; Hillary Clinton currently garners the support of 55% of likely Democratic caucusgoers to 33% for Bernie Sanders.
Why negative ads haven't worked against Donald Trump. Yet.
Clinton's biggest lead is against current GOP frontrunner Donald Trump: She's ahead of him by 11 points among all voters, 52 percent to 41 percent, and a whopping 42 points among Latino voters, 69 percent to 27 percent.
Confessions of a Terrorist Sympathizer
Bernie Sanders makes it clear: Hes playing this game to win
2016 Presidential Forum (MoveOn)
PT 1: Glenn Greenwald on "Submissive" Media's Drumbeat for War and Anti-...
Hillary's Outpacing of Endorsements Signals the Game May Be Rigged in Her Favor
Hillary Says Its OK That She Takes Wall Street Money Because of Women and 9/11
Nearly 20% of Trump Fans Think Freeing the Slaves Was a Bad Idea
Millennials: Someone You Love May Be Alive Because of Hillary Clinton
Being Honest With Ourselves About Hillary
The Millennial Revolt Against Neoliberalism: "Democrats have consistently stood in opposition to the ambitious reforms Sanders has put forward, and, for their efforts, they have earned the repudiation of young people facing increasingly grim economic prospects."
Bernie Sanders Endorses Hillary Clinton, Cementing Democrats Unity: Whether Mrs. Clinton can also win over the 12 million Sanders voters will be one of her biggest challenges at the partys convention and in the weeks ahead.
Biden spills beans: Sanders will endorse Clinton
Bernie Blew It: Elizabeth Warren is the surrogate he was supposed to be. His supporters have become Clintons. How Sanders overplayed his hand.
MoveOn says Hillary Clinton should be nominee
Bernie Sanders moves toward a fight over Israel, forcing Hillary Clinton to navigate a splintered party
Sanders calls for Trump debate in 'biggest stadium possible'
At the starting gate: Clinton leads Trump by double-digits: The new CNN/ORC Poll, completed ahead of Trump's victory last night, found Clinton leads 54% to 41%, a 13-point edge over the New York businessman, her largest lead since last July.
Why do Liberals push for a Federal Minimum Wage increase when the Cost of Living is so drastically different everywhere? Shouldnt this matter be decided on a local level?
How do we know that the minimum wage should be $15 and not $50?
FACT CHECK: Hillary Clinton And Donations From Fossil Fuel Industries
Hillary Clinton Winning Illinois!
Trump, Clinton lead Florida's presidential primaries; Clinton 61%, Sanders 30%
Hillary Clinton crushes Bernie Sanders in South Carolina: 5 takeaways
Georgia poll: Hillary Clinton 68%, Sanders 22% (pdf)
Democrats need to seriously and pragmatically assess their strategy for defeating Trump. A Clinton run would be disastrous; Bernie Sanders is their only hope
Hillary Clinton just cant win: Democrats need to accept that only Bernie Sanders can defeat the GOP
Sorry, We Can't Ban Everything That Offends You.
Hillary Fight Song ~ A Must See 4 Hillary Supporters!
Hillary Clinton Pledges Not to Cut Social Security Benefits
Bill Clinton: Bernie Sanders is No Obama
A gay man defends his right to keep and bear firearms
Clinton calls for new sanctions on Iran
(Serious) How does Bernie Sanders Plan to incentivize people to work with all these free social programs?
Hillary Clinton maintains double-digit lead in Iowa: Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has a double-digit lead in Iowa, besting Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vermont, by 22 points in a new Monmouth University poll of likely Iowa Democratic caucus goers.
Behind the Clinton campaign: Dark money allies
Rand Paul: Hillary Clinton and Marco Rubio Have Same Foreign Policy
Latino Activists Protest Donald Trump's SNL Appearance Outside NBC
Nothing Bill Clinton Said To Defend His Welfare Reform Is True
FBI Recommends No Criminal Charges Against Hillary Clinton
Some of our liberals are becoming the new villains
Bernie Sanders Has Changed Politics for the Millennials
Tom Hayden, 1960s radical who became champion of liberal causes, dies at 76
Who I'm Voting For President
Yes, half of Trump supporters are racist: Evidence indicates fear that white people are losing ground was the single greatest predictor of support for Trump  more, even, than economic anxiety.
Gary Johnson Wants to Be President, Doesnt Know What Aleppo Is: The libertarian sounded about as articulate as Donald Trump when asked a basic question about Syria.
Is Hillary Clinton Hurting Her Partys Chances in Congress by Playing It Too Safe?
Rev. William Barber: Stand Up! Vote Together!
What if #BLM were about firefighters instead of police?
There was a time when the Party was about the people
Keith Ellison: I'm a Progressive. And I'm with her.
What Hillary Clinton Needs to Tell Voters Who Dont Want to Have a Beer With Her
Vladimir Putin Has a Plan for Destroying the Westand It Looks a Lot Like Donald Trump
Liberal Chicago Journalist Tries To Buy Ar-15 To Prove Gun Control Point, Fails Background Check
Black activists send clear message to Palestinians: Now is the time for Palestinian liberation, just as now is the time for our own in the United States
Two Generations on Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton: The Historical Figures in Her Victory Video
Superstar Socialist Calls For Bernie To Run Independent - Kshama Sawant
President Barack Obama endorses Hillary Clinton in video
Chris Hedges: Shut Down the Democratic National Convention
An Open Letter to Americans on Politics:
How Donald Trumps New Mexico Rally Turned Violent
Why Are the Highly Educated So Liberal? -- Its a boon for the Democrats, though they need to be alert to its dangers.
The enormous ambition of Hillary Clintons child-care plan
Noam Chomksy: America is an empire in decline
Donald Trump set for nomination, but Hillary Clinton still poised to beat him
Hillary Clinton's five-step plan to beat Trump's personal attacks: If this is the way Donald Trump wants to play, Hillary Clintons campaign says bring it on.
Sanders To 'Step Back' After Big Clinton Win
Guns!
Why I plan to pursue defamation action against those who distort my childhood war experience | "Claiming I was involved in atrocities when I was a child conscript who never harmed a soul is truly one of the ugliest things Ive ever experienced in my life  and Ive seen a lot of ugly things."
American Nurses Association Endorses Hillary Clinton for President
Corporate America Is Just 7 States Short of a Constitutional Convention
I thought this was a liberal subreddit
Kweisi Mfume Endorses Hillary Clinton for President; Clinton continues to rack up black political endorsements, and the former NAACP president and congressman has joined the chorus.
Women who lost children to violence form powerful Hillary Clinton coalition
Suddenly Sympathetic: In New Video, Clinton Opposes Deportation -- Before running for president, Clinton called for deporting children. Today, she's telling kids she won't deport their parents.
Black Georgia state senator switches endorsement from Clinton to Sanders
Sanders' Economic Plan Torn Apart By Former Clinton, Obama Economists
Bernie Sanders Can Help Revitalize the US Labor Movement
Lucy Flores on Why She Supports Bernie Sanders
Democratic Debate: Bernie Plays It Straight While Hillary Plays Politics
Potential Supreme Court Nominees
What Clinton said in her paid speeches - Recalled one attendee: 'She sounded more like a Goldman Sachs managing director.'
Ta-Nehisi Coates Is Voting for Bernie Sanders Despite the Senator's Opposition to Reparations
Ex-NAACP Head Ben Jealous: Sanders is Most Consistent Candidate Tackling Racism, Militarism & Greed
Sanders on his arrest during 60's civil rights action
Sanders and Clinton on Health Care Reform
Young Voters Give Bernie Sanders a Lift in Iowa Caucuses
Iowa Dem Primary May Be Won By Coin Tosses
Why Dont Boomer Women Like Hillary Clinton? THERE is nothing more sexist than wanting Hillary Clinton as president because shes a woman.
Gabby Giffords Makes Emotional Plea for Hillary Clinton as Caucus Nears
Clinton Gets Endorsements From Top Iowa, New Hampshire, Boston Papers As Primary Season Kicks Off
Eric Garner's mother endorses Hillary Clinton
Senators (Feinstein) husband stands to profit big from government deal
Why Democrats should dump Debbie Wasserman Schultz
Heres How All the Technology in the iPhone Was Created by Socialism, NOT Capitalism
Hillary Clinton's Plan To Rein In Wall Street Misses The Mark
The Declaration of Revolution
Clinton donors say Sanders is raising more than the front-runner
Days after defending Vladmir Putin against allegations that the Russian president had killed journalists, Donald Trump assured a crowd here that despite hating reporters, he would "never kill them."
Marco Rubio: Guns Dont Kill People, Planes Kill People
Let's play 'Libertarian Jeopardy'. I'll start:
Senate Passes Bill to Defund Planned Parenthood
Trudeau is discriminating against single, straight male refugees. Why is he afraid?
How would you react if Donald Trump ended up leading the U.S. Into a golden age?
Glenn Greenwald: "Shameless" U.S. Officials Exploit Paris Attacks to Defend Spying & Attack Snowden
Do you think limousine liberals are a real problem in America?
Two Reasons I Can't Vote For Hillary
Pressed by Maddow on her past ties to Wall Street, Clinton insisted she would not be influenced and called the revolving door between government and corporations an American problem. Anybody who thinks they can influence what I am going to do doesnt know me very well"
10 Simple Reasons I Support Bernie Sanders
Hillary Clinton swamping Bernie Sanders in South Carolina, poll shows; A whopping 71% of likely Democratic primary voters in South Carolina are leaning towards voting for Hillary Clinton, according to a new poll out on Wednesday from Winthrop University.
Pirate Party like Democratic candidate for US presidency being cheated out of debate spot by Democrat Party insiders.
Why The Two Historically Unpopular Candidates Meme Is A Sham  One That Boosts Donald Trump
Is it time for the Democrats to admit Bernie Sanders is their best hope against Trump?
Replace Trump with (poop) emoji, iPhone content blocking at it's best !
12 Ways Gary Johnson Is a Hardcore Right-Wing Radical
Jill Stein: After US Airstrikes kill 73 in Syria, Time to End Military Assaults that Breed Terrorism
FBI director says "no reasonable prosecutor" would indict Clinton over emails
Trump's campaign dwarfed by Clinton's
The Police Were Created to Control Working Class and Poor People, Not Serve and Protect
Clinton has raised tens of millions to aid in electing Democrats. Sanders? "We'll see."
Bernie Sanders Vows to Protect Organic Farming, Calls Out Monsanto As Presidential Campaign Heats Up
George Zimmerman to auction off gun he used to kill Trayvon Martin
Quinnipiac Poll: 6 in 10 American Voters Do Not Trust Hillary Clinton
Bernie Sanders Won the Debate, Defeated the DNC, and Became the Real Democratic Front Runner
The research is clear: electing more women changes how government works
Democrats only message is that you have to vote for Hillary Clinton to stop Trump but dont worry because Trump doesnt stand a chance.
Clinton has a new weapon against Trump: Elizabeth Warren
The 20 worst cities in terms of quality of life, affordability, economic health and education all share one thing in common  they are all in California.
Pro-Sanders Union Gets Behind Hillary Clinton: She Is The Candidate
What I saw in Iowa convinced me Hillary Clinton is the best qualified candidate to lead a broken, corrupt system
Des Moines Register Endorses Hillary Clinton In Iowa Caucuses
Trump or Hitler???
Can Bernie Undo the Damage Hes Done to Clinton?
Clinton launches back-to-school effort to engage millennial voters
Reports: Sanders Will Nominate Clinton Ahead Of DNC Roll Call
Robert Kagan and Other Neocons Are Backing Hillary Clinton
Exclusive: Senator Warren to endorse Clinton, sources say
George Takei scolds Bernie supporters who would rather bust than vote for Hillary
I'm glad Sanders won New Hampshire, but I want Hillary Clinton to be president
J.J. Abrams: Why Im Supporting Hillary Clinton for President
Endorsement: Clinton has record of getting things done
The Boston Globe endorses Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton Should Stand With Bernie As He Stood With Her
End the Gun Epidemic in America | "It is a moral outrage and national disgrace that civilians can legally purchase weapons designed to kill people with brutal speed and efficiency."
Hillary Clinton Is Stepping Up Her Smear Campaign Against Bernie: First she suggested the Vermont senator was sexist. Now shes reaching for the race card.
What The Hell, Bernie Sanders?
Clinton email probe enters new phase as FBI interviews loom
Hillary Clinton Didn't Give a 'Stand Down' Benghazi Order
NBC's Chuck Todd Destroys Pat McCrory's Defense Of North Carolina Anti-LGBT Law
The GOP must be proud: When your partys nominee is the darling of white supremacists -- Racists are heavily lobbying to put Donald Trump in the White House  as the Republican Party looks the other way
Did Paul Ryan just hand Democrats the Senate?
Hillary Clinton: My Plan for Helping America's Poor
Be nice to Hillary Clinton online  or risk a confrontation with her super PAC
A Vote for Donald Trump Is a Vote for Bigotry
Why Im supporting Clinton over Sanders: Liberals dont need a savior, but someone who can actually get things done in Washington
Democrats fear Sanders supporters wont back Clinton if she wins nomination
Clinton wins endorsement of federal workers' union
The War Between Bernie Sanders And Hillary Clinton Supporters Must Stop: "Lets do what we need to do in the primaries for the candidate we support, then worry about stopping the Republican path of destruction come November."
Trump Again Attacks Miss Universe Contestant
Russia may be meddling in US politics. Where is the left-wing outrage? -- Thanks to Bernie Sanders, leftwingers of my generation are poised to wield enormous influence over national politics. Lets not use it to excuse Russia
Libertarian here - I come in peace!
Bernie Sanders Is Expected to Endorse Hillary Clinton Next Week
This is privileged ignorance at best, and sinister appropriation at worst.
Sorry Liberals, A Violent Response To Trump Is As Logical As Any
Green Party's Jill Stein on the Feminist Case Against Hillary Clinton
Can We Please Stop Making This One Stupid Argument About Hillary Clintons Candidacy?
Bought Corporate Media HATES Bernie Sanders
As reckless as George W. Bush: Hillary Clinton helped create disorder in Iraq, Libya, Syria  and, scarier, doesnt seem to understand how
So I keep hearing people say Trump is literally Hitler.
Hillary Clintons Hit Men Target Bernie Sanders at Blue Nation Review
A Progressive Hillary is a fantasy- an interview with Doug Henwood
Hillary's Establishment Shills Attack Bernie On Foreign Policy
Endorsements Pour In For Hillary Clinton From Gun Control Advocates
Bernie Sanders Comments On Campus Rape, And Totally Drops The Ball: He's not making friends among sexual assault survivors.
Confused - Can Liberals be Against Free Speech?
Women's rights at stake: How the Supreme Court and abortion laws will shape the 2016 election
Iowa poll: Hillary Clinton maintains lead over Bernie Sanders
Hey Reddit, hypocritical much?
I'm interested in hearing from liberals that are concerned about Hillary Clinton's honesty.
Hillary Clinton Calls For 'Justice And Accountability' Following Laquan McDonald's Death
The party of which people? Expecting the Democrats to serve the interests of working people is unrealistic.
It's started! OBAMA IS TAKING AWAY OUR GUNS! IT HAPPENED TO ME!
I WENT UNDERCOVER INTO THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND COULDNT BELIEVE WHAT I FOUND
A shocking statistic about gun deaths in the US: 87 percent of children killed by guns in 23 of the world's most developed, wealthiest countries were Americans.
KING: White men killed most cops in 2016, conservatives silent | "Instead, 71% of police who've been shot and killed so far in 2016 have been killed by good old-fashioned white men."
Clinton Slams GOP Anti-Muslim Rhetoric: Shameful, Offensive, Dangerous
David Axelrod: Trump Would be 'Defeated Handily' by Clinton in General Election
Clinton made hundreds of thousands for a few speeches. She thinks the money had no effect, but it's still corrosive
The APs Big Expos On Hillary Meeting With Clinton Foundation Donors Is A Mess
I wonder why this hasn't gone viral. This German Erdogan critic made a video for all the countries currently going to shit. Check it out
Hillary Clinton embraced as keynote speaker at fund-raiser for all-boys Eagle Academy she helped establish
She sounds like Netanyahu: Hillary Clinton goes extra hawkish in her biased, die-hard pro-Israel AIPAC speech
Paul Krugmans dead wrong about Bernie: Why Sanders track record proves hes not just about happy dreams
Clinton turned Sanders's attacks on her Wall Street ties into a game of chicken. And she won.
Flint mayor thanks Hillary Clinton for helping get fed action on water crisis
Hillary Clinton: 'What Happened in Flint Is Immoral'
Barney Frank: Three Reasons why things will get harder for Bernie Sanders
The Democrats Effectively Tied in Iowa, But Sanders Won the Future
Sanders Voted for the Very Criminal Justice Measures He's Denouncing
Why Change Demands Progressive Hearts, Not Centrist Brains - The idea that electability and good policy lies in the center ground lacks both intellectual substance and historical grounding
Sanders and Wife Steered Campaign, Nonprofit Money to Family and Friends
Bernie Sanders's new fundraising numbers are really amazing
Sanders Leads TIMEs Person of the Year: "Sanders, who was little-known when he began his unlikely bid for president in April, has become a hero on the Democratic left among progressives disillusioned by growing income inequality and money in politics."
When Asked About Wall Street, Hillary Talks 9/11
Battenfeld: New York not looking like sure thing for Hillary Clinton
Clinton Voters Aren't Just Voting Against Trump
Drawing the Line: How redistricting turned America from blue to red.
President Trump? There's only one way to stop it happening | Jonathan Freedland | Opinion
Help a fellow liberal understand why the Wall is a bad idea?
Bernie Sanders Is Finally Campaigning For Hillary Clinton. But Does She Even Need Him?
How Russia Often Benefits When Julian Assange Reveals the West's Secrets
Why Do Womens Products Cost More Than Mens? This Senator Wants To Find Out  ThinkProgress
Comedy is not News
Halle/Chomsky: An Eight Point Brief for LEV (Lesser Evil Voting)
Election Update: Clinton's Post-Convention Bump Is Holding Steady
Tim Kaine's $160,000 Gift Controversy: More Bad Optics for the Democrats
At Democratic Convention, Bernie's Army Takes on a Life of its Own
Hillary Clinton is expected to use her NAACP speech Monday to launch an effort to register more than 3 million voters.
Hillary Clinton: The Vox Conversation
How to help someone who is choking
Clinton Is Lucky She's Running Against Trump
Hillary Clinton Hints at Giant, Trump-Like Giveaway to Corporate America
You Cannot Regulate Guns Unless You Know How To Use One
How to debate with a Republican.
Harry Reid reviews scenarios for filling Senate seat if Warren is VP pick: "Senate Democrats may have found an avenue to block or at least narrow GOP Governor Charlie Bakers ability to name a temporary replacement"
Sanders Backer Merkley Says Party Unity to Begin Today
Dont rule it out: Bernie Sanders (slightly) leaves door open for Green Party run with Jill Stein
Alberto Gonzales: Donald Trump deserves a fair judge like any child molester or rapist
Stein continues appeal to Sanders supporters
When Should You Start Worrying About the Polls? -- At this point before an election, a simple polling average has differed from the final result by about nine percentage points.
Israel Has Been Infected by the Seeds of Fascism, Says ex-Prime Minister Ehud Barak
Trump Says He Likes Bernie's Ideas, but Hillary Appears to be Running Away From Them
The Electoral Map Is Looking Pretty Darn Good For Clinton Right Now
Colorado Weighs Replacing Obamas Health Policy With Universal Coverage
The Baltimore Sun endorses Clinton for president
Gabby Giffords and husband join Hillary Clinton to thump Bernie Sanders on gun stance
The Truth About the Regressive Left
Susan Sarandon appears in new Sanders ad
Yes, Zionism is Settler Colonialism
Bernie Sanders Is Right to Trash the Ex-Im Bank
how the regressive left works
At times Sanders voted in favor of bills on national security, criminal justice, and immigration that he says he now opposes, attacking Clinton for casting the same votes that he did
South Carolina gives Clinton her most important win yet
No, Bernie Sanders isnt doomed: Why Hillary Clintons Nevada win doesnt mean its over
Des Moines Register: "Something smells fishy in the Democratic Party." Iowa's largest and most influential newspaper publicly demands a recount of the Iowa caucuses, something currently being resisted by the pro-Hillary leader of the state's Democratic Party.
Why Is Stacey Dash So Damn Stupid: An Investigation
Bernie Sanders, and Simon and Garfunkel, Put Focus on Voters
Top Google search: 'Will Hillary Clinton get prosecuted?'
If Clinton Falls Out For Some Reason Who Does the Demoncratic Establishment Replace Her With?
Missouri GOP candidate takes selfie with stripper. (Xpost /r/TraditionalValues)
Hillary Clinton is the most miscast figure on the 2016 political stage: "This is shaping up to be a change election, and nothing about a Clinton candidacy offers change. Period."
NBA Dares To Speak Out On Gun Control Issues, look at the history of NBA and gun control.
Nightly News Covers Donald Trump 23X More Than Bernie Sanders
Why President Sanders Would Not Bankrupt America
Financial titans behind slam on Clinton: Hedge fund managers and investors, together worth billions of dollars, are bankrolling a little-known super PAC that on Tuesday unleashed attack ads against Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton.
Showerthought: If we start referring to civilian casualties in war or casualties in mass shooting as "post-birth abortions", will conservatives change their views about them?
SEIU Endorses Hillary Clinton
Will You Be Voting for Him?
Bernie Sanders: It is imperative we elect Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton wins Washington D.C. primary
All of the Top 10 Corporate Tax Dodgers Have Donated to Hillary Clinton
Voting Third Party is the Electoral Equivalent of Sending Thoughts and Prayers
Trump just faced his first big leadership test. He failed miserably.
Orlando Is an Extension of the Marriage Battle, Bathroom Wars
The whole reason for having an independent third party that cannot be silenced is there are 25 percent of Bernies voters who are not going into that dark night to vote for the No. 1 cheerleader for Wal-Mart, for Wall Street, for an endless war, Stein said
Guns, dildos and Christmas: Conservatives cling to guns as identity markers, not for practical use
Sanders to join Clinton for New Hampshire rally
Noam Chomsky on Donald Trump: 'Almost a death knell for the human species'
Dr. Jill Stein Owes Her Supporters Some Truth: She Won't Win
The Single Most Important Difference Between Bernie and Hillary
The Strange Sympathy of the Far Left for Putin
Paul Ryan Presents Official Terrible Nightmare Plans Republicans Will Have President Trump Pass
The Trump Campaign's Latest Tactic Is Straight From The Conservative Echo Chamber
A detailed reason for why Hillary is a million times better than Trump.
Will the Left Survive the Millennials?
Attorney General Loretta Lynch says DOJ will not pursue charges against Clinton: I received and accepted their unanimous recommendation that the thorough, year-long investigation be closed and that no charges be brought against any individuals within the scope of the investigation.
Centrist Democrats: We can work with President Trump
Why Bernie Sanders is Actually Winning
Sandy Hook family member to Bernie Sanders: 'Shame on you'
Hookers for Hillary: meet the sex workers caucusing for Clinton in Nevada
Misfire by Sanders campaign: Bernies wrong to try to own the word progressive in criticism of Hillary
Bill Clinton Says Hillary in 'Dog Fight' for Iowa Caucus Win
Bernie Sanders is the realist we should elect
Clinton: Americans must reject Trump
Bernie Sanders and the Spiritual Case for Socialism
Bernie Sanders First Presidential Ad - Good Or Bad?
Yes, Polling Trajectory Shows Bernie Sanders Defeating Hillary Clinton and Winning the Democratic Nomination
Memo: Clinton Campaign Looked to Oust Wasserman Schultz Last Year
Trump Camp Will Fake Exit Polls, Possibly to Intimidate Voters and Lay Groundwork for Post-Election Shenanigans
Ryan sounds alarm on Trump
Hillary Clinton's Lonesome White Male Supporters
What is obvious but needs to be repeated: Clinton Had A Great Week, But She Shouldn't Get Overconfident
A New 50-State Poll Shows Exactly Why Clinton Holds The Advantage Over Trump
While Wooing Republicans, Clinton Sticks to Progressive Policy
Noam Chomsky's 8-Point Rationale for Voting for the Lesser Evil Presidential Candidate
Trump and his "nuclear" talk. Which people would Trump supporters like to see killed by nuclear weapons?
What Does TPP Mean for the Presidential Race?
Bernie Sanders just endorsed Clinton. Heres how hell keep his movement alive.
Sanders pledges to support Clinton
Nabisco Ships 600 Jobs to Mexico. Time To Give Up Oreos
Sanders To Endorse Hillary Clinton
GOP Rep: Apologizing For Anti-Muslim Comment Like Apologizing To Germany After World War II
Top 5 Gun Control Myths Debunked!
How Brexit shattered progressives' dearest illusions
Bernie Sanders and God
Famous Economist Jeffrey Sachs: Hillary Clinton is the lead agent of every war we're in
Don't Straight-splain This Attack to Us
Abortion providers, opponents brace for U.S. high court decision
Elizabeth Warren Endorses Hillary Clinton on Rachel Maddow Show: "I just want to be sure I get this on the table, and get this on the table early: Hillary Clinton won. And she won because she's a fighter, she's out there, she's tough," Warren said.
Leftists for Trump: What Is to Be Done About These Insufferable Nihilists? -- Politics is not about your personal catharsis.
New Bernie music video hilariously shuts down the GOP
Real Time With Bill Maher: Nick Hanauer Interview on Minimum Wage (HBO) 6/3/2016
FDRs Long Shadow: How Roosevelts Most Important Veto Planted the Seeds of Modern Austerity Politics
To the typical aging baby Boomer who may have despised President Nixon, has your view changed with age?
Hillary and the Corporate Elite (xpost r/DeepGreenResistance)
The Secret History of Superdelegates
Scientists are figuring out the keys to convincing people about global warming
Sarah Palin shreds the dictionary to invite 'smart Democrats' to unite behind Trump
Bloomberg: Koch Says Clinton May Be Better President Than 2016 Republicans
Hello r/liberal! I have a quick poll for you to take on whether states should have the right to secede from the Union. Thanks!
Ralph Nader and Bernie Sanders: Political Leverage
I hear from Atheists, Secularists and Ex-Muslims who say 'the man Mohammed, the person they believe a "prophet" was a rapist, war monger and a pedophile' how true is this?
Honest post - would it be so bad if the south seceded?
Polls Show Hillary Clinton And Donald Trump Ahead In Super Tuesday States
Clinton Thunders to Big Win in South Carolina
Clinton Switches Her Message From 'I' to 'We'
How a super PAC plans to coordinate directly with Hillary Clintons campaign
Kweisi Mfume, the former president and CEO of the NAACP and member of Congress will announce his endorsement of Hillary Clinton for president today
How The Presidential Candidates Stack Up When It Comes To Animal Issues
Hillary Clinton suffers from her THIRD public coughing fit in two years in New York
Trump's 6 populist positions
German Automakers Move Ahead With Plans for Battery Storage Business Units [ Thanks Tesla. 
San Antonio Express-News endorses Hillary Clinton
Contextualizing Hillary Clinton's New Attack Ad Against Bernie Sanders
Dare I say it, is Trump the most liberal republican canidate?
ow Bernie Sanders Is Challenging a Downsized Politics of Excluded Alternatives
Clinton calls for Democratic debate in Flint, Michigan
Washington Posts Wild Swings at Sanders
Sanders transforms into contender, still pitches revolution
Bernie Bros and Hillary Men: Partisan Hacks of the Democratic Party
Trump's supporters the heirs of segregation politics
Sanders Blocks Obama's FDA Nominee Over Big Pharma Ties
Des Moines Register endorses Clinton
White Transit Riders Get Warnings, Black People Get Tickets
Bernie Sanders: The Quiet Revolt
On the Democratic side Hillary Clinton continues to be the clear favorite in Iowa. She's at 52% to 34% for Bernie Sanders and 7% for Martin O'Malley.
Senate Skips Obamas Latino Judicial Nominee's Confirmation Vote
The arbitration epidemic: Mandatory arbitration deprives workers and consumers of their rights
Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton wins hypothetical matchups against every 2016 Republican White House hopeful, according to a new poll.
Why I Think Marco Rubio Will Be the Next Republican Nominee for President
US cop places gun in black mans mouth to show off to his friends
In NYC Afro-Latinos and Queer Youth Protest Minneapolis Terror
Nicolas Henin: The man who was held captive by Isis for 10 months says how they can be defeated | Middle East | News
On the Democratic side, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton widens her lead over Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont to 60 - 30 percent, compared to 53 - 35 percent in a November 4 survey by the independent Quinnipiac University Poll.
Hillary Clinton Promotes the TPP in Singapore 11-17-2012
List of sites with undeniable conservative bias?
New Hillary Clinton Emails Show She Wanted Credit for Libya Intervention in 2011. Now She Doesnt.
U.S. Journalists Who Instantly Exonerated Their Government of the Kunduz Hospital Attack, Declaring it an Accident
Gun Violence Facts Made Easy to Understand: Said by Hot Models
Elizabeth Warren on 'The View': Donald Trump Trying to 'Bully Me Into Shutting Up'
The 5 Unspoken Rules For Covering Hillary Clinton
Bernie Sanderss aides just threw him under the bus to Politico
Bernie Sanders is the Worst Presidential Candidate in History, and You and All Your Friends are Idiots
Hillary Clinton will be elected president today
Labor Secretary Thomas E. Perez, who has become one of President Obama's top emissaries to liberal, labor and Latino constituencies, is backing Hillary Clinton for president and plans to hit the campaign trail on her behalf.
Hillary Clinton's millennial surge has arrived
Jill Stein Explains Her Plan to Stop Trump by Electing Him President
Why do Bernie supporters refuse to switch to Clinton if she were to be nominated?
Colberts Late Show has become propaganda for Democrats | New York Post (at it again)
55 Reasons Obama Will Go Down As One Of Our Best Presidents
Sanders endorses Clinton for president
Hillary Clinton is now the only candidate not pandering to the anti-vaccine movement
...In Iowa Hillary Clinton has really reestablished her dominance, getting 57% to 25% for Bernie Sanders...
Surprise: Hillary Lurches Right
The Case Against Jill Stein. Though it's frustrating for many progressives who long for a viable third party, there are serious questions about Stein's judgement
Clinton Leads Sanders by 33% in Michigan
In China, a low-crime society where private ownership of firearms is forbidden, children's toy guns should also be outlawed, American expat argues
Clinton hits Trump, says real estate mogul doesn't understand government: Maybe he just doesn't understand that running our government is not the same as making real estate deals, said Clinton, the likely Democratic nominee.
Massachusetts Voting Fraud
Liberal Muslims face an uphill battle - NOW Toronto Magazine
Im the Last Thing Standing Between You and the Apocalypse | Inside the final weeks of Hillary Clintons cautious  and surprisingly risky  campaign.
Why This Election Is SO Important. Wes Clark Jr. Vs. Jimmy Dore Debate
With 'Snowden' set to open, House panel calls former NSA contractor a 'serial exaggerator and fabricator'
Hillary Clinton's 'Basket Of Deplorables,' In Full Context Of This Ugly Campaign
Nonprofit Structure Backfires on 'Our Revolution': The group set up to carry on Bernie Sanders's progressive movement has gotten off to a bumpy start, in part because Sanders backers set it up as a tax-exempt organization.
Jerry Large / Columnist Took a dive into Facebook news  heres what I found
Looking for stores that sell political / liberal wares
What To Make Of This Morning's Polls?
Should Hillary argue that Donald Trump is "waging class warfare"?
Symone Sanders quits as national press secretary for Bernie Sanders
New Post-ABC poll: Trump's June has been an utter disaster in every way
Liberal candidate resigns after brothel ownership revealed
Is reforming capitalism possible?
Elon Musk Says Gigafactory Output Could Soar To 150 GWh Annually
Newly Released Documents Show Pentagon Whitewash of U.S. Killing and Mutilation of Afghan Family in 2010
A Birthday Message to Harvey Milk, From Cleve Jones
10 Years Out From The Mortgage Crisis, Former Homeowners Struggle To Stay Afloat
Evolution Or Expediency? Clinton's Changing Positions Over A Long Career
Interview on The Rubin Report: Yaron Brook
Former TV 'Apprentices' say Trump unfit for White House
The Mystery of Republican Women Backing Sexist Trump: Theyre Female Misogynists Whove Grown to Accept Oppression -- Most women hate Trump, but some are all too happy to go along with his ugly views on women.
Widow of Activist Medgar Evers Endorses Clinton
[Discussion
Tuesday primary commentary.
Trump, Clinton dominant as Super Tuesday looms; On the Democratic side, Hillary Clinton tops Bernie Sanders 55% to 38% in the new poll
Hillary Clinton has won the Democratic presidential primary in South Carolina. She won the overwhelming support of black voters on her way to a commanding victory over Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders.
In hard-bitten rural South Carolina, many minds made up for Clinton
Hillary Clinton And Donald Trump Look Strong In Super Tuesday Polls
Twilight of the Apparatchiks
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton leads Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont 55  40 percent among Ohio likely Democratic primary voters, the independent Quinnipiac University Poll finds.
Philly Mayor Jim Kenney endorses Hillary Clinton for president
Hillary Clinton's "artful smear" an artful dodge.
Tampa Bay Times endorses Hillary Clinton
Cruz on subsidies
Why Haitians Are Chanting Down with Obama
Joe Biden 'regrets not entering 2016 race'
Jeb: I 'Hated' Being The GOP's Front Runner
The Need for Revolutionary Leadership in #BlackLivesMatter
Ari Berman: The long assault on voting rights and fear of a changing South | X-Post from /r/CornbreadLiberals
Multiple People Shot in San Bernardino, California
Zuckerberg and wife to donate vast majority of their wealth
Narrative Falters: Threat That Shut Down University of Chicago Targeted White People, Cops
Donald Trump Doubles Down on Immigration Plan
9 year old Tyshawn Lee executed by Chicago gang members
NATO is flexing its muscles with its largest military exercise in a decade
Hillary Clinton continues to lead Bernie Sanders by 20 points: she receives 52 percent of Democratic primary voters' support, while Sanders gets 32 percent.
Senator Bernie Sanders Makes a Case for His Supporters to Rally Behind Hillary Clinton
Ginsburg hasnt lost her mind  or her way
Green Party's Jill Stein on the Feminist Case Against Hillary Clinton
My Nightmare: What if its true that no one respects women more than Trump?
Whats Millennials Support for Gary Johnson and Jill Stein All About?
Michelle Obama Makes Emotional Appeal for Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton or Jill Stein?
Mike Pence is Arguably the Most Evil Politician in America
A fear not shared by all Americans: The privilege of knowing youll never be a police brutality victim
Hillary Clintons Feminist Mission: Defeat Americas Biggest Sexist
Harvard study shows Trump, Sanders got a heap o positive news coverage
Poll: Clinton slight lead on Trump, Johnson gets double digits
When people mock you for being leftist/liberal/progressive/whatever, don't get phased by it.
The Liberal Blind Spot
Smug style in American liberalism
Bernie Sanders: Something Is Clearly Lacking In Hillary Clintons Judgment: I have my doubts about what kind of president she would make.
The Amsterdam News endorses Hillary Clinton for president
Oh, Good, Its 2016 and Were Arguing About Whether Marxism Works
Protesters are currently blocking the main highway leading to Trump's Phoenix rally.
"Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign is, per his telling, aimed squarely at giving power to the people and taking it back from a corporate oligarchy."
Clintons Pledged Delegate Lead After Super Tuesday is almost 10 times bigger than Obamas was in 2008
Exclusive: Bernie Sanders Begins Building Foreign Policy Team
University President Shuts Down Conservative Journalists Speech, Citing Free Exchange of Ideas
They lost Trayvon, Eric, Sandra, Jordan, Dontre. Now these mothers are with Hillary.
(x-post r/Liberal)Hillary Clinton Emails: Secret Negotiations With New York Times, Trade Bill Lobbying Revealed In Latest State Department Release
Editorial: Hillary Clinton is best pick for Democrats
Believe it or not, the were some decisions from Justice Scalia that advanced liberal causes
MLK Jr.s Close Friend to Rep. John Lewis: It Doesnt Matter If You Never Saw Bernie Sanders
Clinton Won't Rule Out Deploying More U.S. Troops
Why People Around the World are Rooting for Bernie Sanders
Oregon Militants Will Now Fight Their Battle In Federal Court
Let Us Elect a President Who Will Put Families First... Not Walls
 Why Im Supporting Hillary Clinton, With Joy and Without Apologies
During Paris Climate Summit, Obama Signed Exxon-Koch-Backed Bill Expediting Pipeline Permits
The Selfish Side of Gratitude
Clinton Lays Out Plan to Find Cure for Alzheimer's Disease
What The New York Times Gets Wrong About Bernie Sanders
Hillary Clinton hints that she supports backdoors in encryption
Shower Thoughts: I wonder how people upset by "Happy Holidays" react to "Feliz Navidad"?
With Kshama Sawant Claiming Reelection Victory, Seattle Doubles Down on Socialism
The betrayal that should haunt Hillary Clinton: How she sold out working women & then never apologized
Bernie Sanders Just Trounced Hillary Clinton in Three of the Ten Most Diverse States in America
Once HRC calls racists "deplorable," the party who complains about "PC Culture" has turned into a bunch of "safe spacers."
I wasn't "Bernie or Bust" until the New York Debate. One exchange sealed it.
Trumps apology sounds like a rapist saying she asked for it
The Key Question On The Clinton Foundation Is Whether It Saved Lives. The Answer Is Clearly Yes.
I'm not even liberal, but this was funny. I'm not conservative either. I'm pro brain power and rational decision making, most of the time
Hillary Clinton Asks For One Dollar Donations To Lower Embarrassingly High Donor Average
Praising her experience, Obama boosts Clinton's pitch to Democratic voters: "(S)hes extraordinarily experienced  and, you know, wicked smart and knows every policy inside and out  (and) sometimes (that) could make her more cautious, and her campaign more prose than poetry," Obama said.
Hillary Clinton hails economy boost for everybody: "we need the wealthy to pay more in taxes and we dont need any tax increases for the middle class"
Why Are Democrats Silent on Rahm Emanuel? If you care about police brutality, you care even when your team needs to be held accountable.
Radical Feminists and Conservative Christians Team Up Against Transgender People
After Philando Castile, Can Organizers Abolish the 'Police State'?
Sanders To Campaign With Clinton Tuesday
After Orlando, Its Clearer Than Ever: This Election Is a Civil War
Transphobia Hurts Us All, Especially Trans Women
Lets help Bernie choose his Vice Presidential candidate and take the Hispanic vote. He can pick someone like Julian Castro - check the link out! He can beat Hillary to the punch
Poll: Hillary Clinton up big in key Super Tuesday states
#WhichHillary vs. #OnlyOneBernie as Democratic Contrasts Sharpen
The Argument For Bernie Sanders
When It Comes to Choice, Hillary Is the Only Choice
Former Iran prisoner: whenever I heard Hillarys voice, my heart would sink. All she ever does with Iran is inflame tensions.
Wall St. Ties Linger as Image Issue for Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton's pledge to avoid middle-class tax hikes is bad news for progressive politics
Trump Supporters Filmed Viciously Punching and Kicking Black Lives Matter Protester at Rally
Sanders: 'My Job' Is to Make Sure Clinton Is Elected President
Hallie Jackson Renders Ted Cruz Speechless
Hillary Clinton: 'Even In This Darkest Night, Paris Remains The City Of Light'
Elizabeth Warren: Donald Trump can NEVER be the President
Report: FBI moves to interview Clinton over emails
Young Feminists Do Get It. So Why Does Hillary Think We Don't?
I Wrote That I Despised Hillary Clinton. Today, I Want To Publicly Take It Back.
Hillary Clintons latest attack on Bernie Sanders shows shes a rotten candidate
The fall of Salon.com: How a digital trailblazer and progressive powerhouse lost its way.
Bernie Sanders Challenges Hillary Clinton to Debate in New York
The right wings projection and obsession: Their hunger to pervert Black Lives Matter rises after Dallas
Black Vs. White Open Carrying AR-15
US Media ransacking of Farook home shows double standard for non-white mass shooters
Ralph Nader Supporters Warn Third-Party Voters: Don't Make The Same Mistake!
Anyone who supports Donald Trump is a traitor to the American idea.
The right wing hates America: The loudest flag-waving patriots are always the dangerous hypocrites
With a comical pandering session, Trump shows how irrelevant the Christian right has become to presidential politics
Senator Elizabeth Warren spoke at the 2016 American Constitution Society National Convention in Washington DC on June 9, 2016.
To Win in November, Hillary Clinton Will Need Bernie Sanderss Voters
Burying the White Working Class
Hillary Clinton's ties to for-profit education companies
White House quick to jump to Clintons aid in first big kerfuffle with Sanders: Hillary more qualified than any recent candidate in history
Bernie Sanders Predicted The Panama Tax Haven Scandal Five Years Ago, But No One Would Listen - After Obama signed the Panama free trade agreement, Hillary Clinton praised it as a measure to bring jobs back to America.
Bernie Sanders' foreign policy judgment is better than Clinton's experience
Hillary's Hypocrisy: Clinging to Obama After Her Racist Dog Whistles in 2008
Massive Online Backlash After Planned Parenthood Endorses Hillary Clinton
If Sanders is so popular among liberals, why is the liberal party trying to make him go away?
Hillary Clinton wins third presidential debate, according to CNN / ORC poll
Why Hillary Wins
On this day next year, I will either be marrying the love of my life or the marriage I have always dreamed of might not be legal. Please vote on November 8th.
FALSE: Hillary Clinton Freed Child Rapist, Laughed About It
Clinton appointees oppose $15 minimum wage amendment in Democratic platform; Sanders surrogates back it
Bombshell: Clinton aide claims that if Bernie wins California he wins the nomination
Bernie Sanders Doesn't Seem To Understand What Poverty Really Is
If You Care About LGBTQ Lives, You Should Oppose the FBI on iPhone Encryption
Bernie Sanders Debunks 'Brilliant Scientist' Trump's Climate Theory | NBC News
Hillary Clinton Alleged Barack Obama Sold Access To Big Donors; Now Criticizes Campaign Finance Attacks
19 Best Bernie Quotes of 3rd Democratic Debate
Watch Bill Clinton Tell Black Lives Matter Protesters Theyre Defending Drug Sales and Murder
Hillary Clinton is gaining momentumand shes seizing the moment to make her agenda even more progressive
Clinton Last Night: "Name Anything [Wall Street Has
Why This Socialist Feminist Is Not Voting for Hillary
'We consider this an act of terrorism': Suspected Islamic extremist shoots dead at least 20 dead at Florida gay club after bursting in 'wearing a suicide vest' and taking hostages - injuring a further 42
Jill Steins Ideology Says One ThingHer Investment Portfolio Says Another
Why Hillary
The Co-founder of Latinos for Trump wouldn't hesitate to punch Donald Trump in the face.
How Would Trump Deport 11 Million People? Think About It.
Weve been totally wrong about Hillary Clintons young voter problem
If Trump's doctor lied about his height, why should we trust anything in the letter?
White Nationalists See Trump As A Chance To Break Into The Media Mainstream
I need some liberals to listen to/watch...
Serious. I don't know if "liberal" is the right term for me anymore.
Why Is Neoliberalism Still Popular Among The Non-Elites Of The World?
Is it just Moore or does Trump really have reasons to win?
The Political Revolution Takes Aim at Wasserman Schultzs Congressional Seat
The Permanence of Black Lives Matter
Hillary Clinton - Endorsements
Why Clinton Might Pick Tom Vilsack For Veep
A Latino for vice president (Tom Perez)  if Hillary Clinton wants a win
Liberals ignore the moderate middle at their peril
Will Bernie Sanders supporters get behind Hillary Clinton?
Climate change group using 'Pokemon Go' to lure voters to register
Hillary Clinton's rise earns place of honor in birthplace of US women's suffrage | US news
Hillary Clinton Email Investigation FBI Director James Comey testified at a hearing on the FBIs investigation into Hillary Clintons use of private email servers while serving as secretary of state, as well as the decision to not recommend criminal charges against her.
Heres President Obamas "blunt" explanation for Hillary Clintons unpopularity
How everyone looks bad because Bill Clinton met with Loretta Lynch
The Case for Unions to Support a Universal Basic Income
POLL: Choose Hillary's VP!
Gun control activists aren't being well served by having the face of their argument be people like Michael Moore and Gersh Kuntzman.
Judge links Clinton aide's immunity to 'criminal investigation'
Importance of Freedom Of Speech (Most important Liberal Right)
I Smell a Landslide
BUSTED: Internet Trump Trolls Caught Posing As Democrats To Divide Bernie & Hillary Fans
Debbie Wasserman Schultz's position as the head of the DNC is in danger!
This cartoon explains how the rich got rich and the poor got poor
The First Neoliberals: How free-market disciples and union busters became the prophets of American liberalism
Donald Trump on the FrontPage?
I have a major problem with Hillary saying she'd 'compromise' on abortion. That reason is Barack Obama.
Dear Trump Supporters
Vastly Overpaid CEO Thinks Customer Robbery LEGAL.
You know that "fungible" argument that conservatives often make about Planned Parenthood? Why is it wrong?
A powerful and gripping video that will give you goosebumps. It's about the ongoing war of good vs evil and greed. Choose your side.
Working class animus, not racism, fuels Trump Campaign
5 Reasons To Love Canadian Prime Minister Trudeau
"With Trumps ascendancy, its possible that the parties will reorient their views on war and peace, with Trump moving the GOP to a more dovish direction and Clinton moving the Democrats towards greater support for war."
Hillary Clinton v Donald Trump: the looming battle for the soul of America
Clearly Donald Trump Has A Big Penis
Top 1% would see $78,000 tax hike under Hillary
Hillary Clinton Wins Texas' Democratic Presidential Primary
Trump recorded having extremely lewd conversation about women in 2005
Donald Trump's Pants on Fire claim of 'large scale voter fraud'
Mike Pence can't believe Tim Kaine would insult Donald Trump by quoting him
Donald Trump's companies destroyed or hid documents in defiance of court orders
Kansas Ends Bad Economic News by Not Reporting It: "By just about every measure, Kansas tax experiment has failed to meet the promised performance objectives."
If the election is really rigged, 33 states are rigged by Republicans
GOP will block Supreme Court nominees for Clinton, too: "I promise you that we will be united against any Supreme Court nominee that Hillary Clinton, if she were president, would put up," McCain said.
Clinton's lead now up to double digits, new NBC/WSJ poll shows
Donald Trump Can't Shut Down New York Times Tax-Leak Showing He Lost Nearly $1 Billion In 1995
Al Gore: 'Consider me exhibit A' for why each vote matters
CNN's President Says It Was A Mistake To Air So Many Trump Rallies And "Let Them Run"
Paul Ryan Attacked Bernie Sanders. It Backfired Spectacularly.
Teen Beauty Queens Say Trump Walked In On Them Changing
A 90-Year-Old Woman Whos Voted Since 1948 Was Disenfranchised by Wisconsins Voter-ID Law
Trump supporter tells CBS: He will make America great again like it was before the homosexuals
Clinton Holds 11-Point National Lead Over Trump: NBC/WSJ Poll
Militia Men Arrested In Alleged Plot To Bomb Kansas Mosque After Election
Former Miss Teen USA: I was warned Trump didn't like black people
Trump supporter leaves CNN anchor speechless
Obama admits to laughing at Trump during debates
Trump's tax attorney: he didn't understand the tax code and wasn't interested in learning
Trump Loyalists Planned Voter Intimidation Using Fake ID Badges, Fake Exit Polling -- Until HuffPost Asked Them About It
Trump Is OK With Calling Ivanka a "Piece of Ass" and Other Horrible Things He Told Howard Stern
Plane crew almost lets man die because they refuse to believe black woman is a doctor. | Workplace
Gerrymandering could cost Democrats the House in 2016. Why? Because it probably did in 2012
You worthless  scum: What its like to be targeted by a Donald Trump subreddit
Update: Gay rights group unendorses Mark Kirk, backs Tammy Duckworth instead
Donald Trump Called Deaf 'Apprentice' Marlee Matlin 'Retarded'
PEOPLE Reveals 6 Witnesses Who Corroborate Natasha Stoynoff's Story of Being Attacked by Donald Trump
Trump's Casino Bankruptcies Cost His Employees Millions in Retirement Savings
Trumps apology sounds like a rapist saying she asked for it
Video Shows Donald Trump Sexually Humiliating Woman Before Large Audience
Donald Trump tape throws Republican politics into chaos
Matt Drudge Pushes Dangerous Conspiracy Theory That the Government Is Lying About the Strength of Hurricane Matthew
Drudge links to story outing more Republicans than Democrats for voter fraud. LOL
Harry Reid to FBI director Comey: "You may have broken the law"
Clinton Vaults to a Double-Digit Lead, Boosted by Broad Disapproval of Trump (Poll)
Woman accuses Donald Trump of groping her at 1998 tennis tournament
The Six Main Reasons Why The Times Tax Story Could Be Devastating For Trump
Leaked video: Republican senator supported Iraq war so he could spread Mormonism to the Middle East
The largest gay rights group in U.S. is maintaining their endorsement of this racist Senator
Four Years of Tax Returns All Show Donald Trump Did Not Pay Federal Taxes
Sanders: My Emails Would Be Just As Harsh About Clinton
A veteran spy has given the FBI information alleging a Russian operation to cultivate Donald Trump
Hillary Clinton wins third presidential debate, according to CNN / ORC poll
[Dems Better For Business: Business Runs Better Without FRAUD 
The Kansas Experiment Continues Collapse: Revenue Off By Nearly $45M. Pay Attention, America.
"Guns don't kill people, toddlers kill people." "Lock them up." "Deport them." Striking new gun control ad
Why The Two Historically Unpopular Candidates Meme Is A Sham  One That Boosts Donald Trump
At Long Last, Trump Blames The Jews For His Failed Campaign.
In acquitting the Oregon militants, a white jury determines that the law doesnt apply to white protesters
Michelle Obama just delivered what might have been a defining moment of the presidential campaign
Trump campaign signals mud-slinging endgame as Clinton points to GOP unraveling
Sanders Calls Trump A 'Political Coward' Over Voter Suppression Report
No prayer, no meal: Shelters turning away government food due to new worship rules
Michael Moore Reveals Surprise Donald Trump Film, Opening In New York City Tomorrow
Its Paul Ryan Versus Bernie Sanders, and Sanders Is Winning
Let's all take a moment to remember Trump claimed if a female reporter touched his arm while holding a pen, that was a terrifying enough situation to justify a "defensive" take down by his campaign manager.
Anderson Cooper asked Donald Trump 4 times about his sexual assault bragging. Trump kept dodging.
After failing to seduce Nancy ODell, Trump reportedly tried to have her fired
FBI's Comey opposed naming Russians, citing election timing: Source
More questionable footage of Trump's comments on women; In an Entertainment Tonight Christmas feature in 1992, Trump looked at a group of young girls and said he would be dating one of them in ten years. At the time, Trump would have been 46 years old.
Trump's organization did business with Iranian bank later linked to terrorism
Trump's Tax Records Show He May Have Understated His Salary by Millions to the IRS
I Don't Like Hillary Clinton Or The Democratic Party. I'm Voting For Them Anyway.
Clinton to nation: let's bury Trump under landslide
So you think Obamacare is a disaster? Here's how California is proving you wrong
Senate Update: The Last Week Has Been Very Kind To Democrats' Hopes For A Majority
There's no longer any way for Republicans to boot Donald Trump from the ballot
Ralph Nader Supporters Warn Third-Party Voters: Don't Make The Same Mistake!
When Donald Trump gets in a hole, he just keeps digging. And digging. And digging.
Federal judge to Florida: Why arent more people registered?
Youre Lying to Yourself if You Think Trump is the Answer
Mike Pence repeatedly denies Trump statements during VP debate
Gary Johnson, Bolstered by Young Voters, Opposes a Policy They've Vocally Supported
Hate Rising with Jorge Ramos: From the KKK To Donald Trump's Neo-Fascists
Clinton leads in Florida, Trump narrowly leads in Texas - CBS Battleground Tracker
LeBron: 'Me and my family believe in' Clinton
Why Hillary Wins
Police Accountability: Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (HBO)
Chaos In Court After Bundys And Oregon Standoff Leaders Acquitted For Refuge Takeover
Senate Update: Clinton Is Surging, But Down-Ballot Democrats Are Losing Ground
North Carolina conservatives recycle transphobic bathroom ad
Two Women Say Donald Trump Touched Them Inappropriately
Emmett Till memorial in Mississippi is now pierced by bullet holes
70 Nobel Laureates Endorse Hillary Clinton
IMPORTANT!!! *** Paul Ryan Is Planning a Revolution, and It Starts in January ***
NASA warns of a 99% chance the US southwest will suffer a decades-long megadrought
Donald Trump, Groper in Chief
Trump Admits to Relationship with Putin in 2013
Clinton says she wasn't expecting Trump's "avalanche of falsehoods"
I thought this election would be less sexist. Trump proved me wrong
WikiLeaks Trolls Trump World, Delivers Nothing on Hillary
Trump rally attendee chants 'Jew-S-A' at media
Roger Stone group plans Trump-supported intimidation effort to make 'minority voters nervous' on election day and deliver fake exit polls with which to challenge vote tallies
Exclusive documents show a Wells Fargo employee informed the bank of fake customer accounts in 2006
Dirty Words Won't End Trump  Endorsing Sexual Assault Might
Trump Supporter Pulls A Gun On Black Lives Matter Protesters In Portland [VIDEO
How Half Of America Lost Its F**king Mind
Trump Supporters Are Already Promising To Intimidate Nonwhite Voters On Election Day
Academia, Love Me Back | "On the second page the professor circled the word hence and wrote in between the typed lines This is not your word. The word not was underlined. Twice. My professor assumed someone like me would never use language like that."
Hillary Clinton's improving poll numbers offers leeway to fight for other races
Trump's apology to women with all the BS removed
Cummings shocker: Americans dont have a clue how hard the GOP pushed the FBI to attack Clinton
Pentagon Halts Effort To Take Back Signing Bonuses Paid To National Guard Members
Indiana Officials Target A Black Voter Registration Drive On A Technicality
The Real Vote Rigging: Republicans Make It Harder for Millions to Vote in 2016 Election
The Bottom Could Fall Out For Trump
You have people like Trump, and then you have people like Adolfo Kaminsky, who is estimated to have saved 14,000 lives forging identity papers for Jews during WWII. He was 18 years old at the time.
Michelle Obama rekindles message of 'hope' to turn Arizona blue
Clinton Consolidates Lead Among Democrats, Trump Not Gaining Republicans
The world just took one of the biggest steps yet to fight global warming
Trump promised proof hes innocent of sexual assault. He delivered an insult to our intelligence.
Paul Ryan Booed Offstage In Wisconsin Because He Uninvited Trump
Paul Ryan won't defend or campaign for Trump ahead of election
Ryan calls off plans to campaign with Trump; GOP-ers rush to distance themselves
Trump Used Foundation Funds for 2016 Run, Filings Suggest
FBI making inquiry into ex-Trump campaign manager's foreign ties
Paul Ryan Uses Bernie Sanders As the ULTIMATE Scare Tactic
Trump tried to downplay his pro-Russian tilt in the last debate. Then he proved it.
What is it with the alt right and their need to exhibit machismo and manliness?
Armed Trump Supporters 'Protest' Outside Virginia Democrat's Campaign Office [VIDEO
New polling shows Democrats really could take back the House, so we're making more endorsements
Dear Mr. Trump and Mr. Putin, I am not Sidney Blumenthal
The Koch Connection in the Scott Walker John Doe Documents
James Comeys Letter and the Problem of Leaks
Warrens Power On The Rise
The 'Stain' Of Sticking With Donald Trump To The End | Morning Joe | MSNBC
Republicans Worst Nightmare Isnt What They Think It Is
Hyperpartisan Facebook Pages Are Publishing False And Misleading Information At An Alarming Rate
First grader beaten on school bus for being Muslim | "The parents of the first grader said he was beaten by five students on a school bus, allegedly while they made references to Muslims and the boys Pakistani heritage."
A new worry for Clinton: Trump's struggles may depress Democratic voter turnout
Dear America: Make Brexit Look Less Stupid. Vote Trump.
Clinton campaign amps up star power in battleground states
Is Trump discouraging his supporters from voting with his rigged vote nonsense?
Muslim Americans Respond To A Caustic Campaign By Raising Money And Mobilizing
How One 19-Year-Old Illinois Man Is Distorting National Polling Averages
Trumps Latest Comments About Women Are Rape Culture In A Nutshell
How Trump became our conspiracy theorist in chief
ACLU & HRW Call to Decriminalize Drug Use & Possession After Documenting Arrests Every 25 Seconds
On this day next year, I will either be marrying the love of my life or the marriage I have always dreamed of might not be legal. Please vote on November 8th.
Utah vote splinters as anti-Trump sentiment spreads
Poll: Hillary Clinton Has Double-Digit Lead Over Donald Trump
The Election That Mattered: Daley makes the case that if you dont understand what happened in 2010, you dont understand something fundamental about why American politics is the way it is today.
Dr. Jill Stein Owes Her Supporters Some Truth: She Won't Win
What Drives Trump Supporters?: Sociologist Arlie Russell Hochschild On Anger & Mourning Of The Right
Over a Third of Trump Supporters Follow White Nationalists on Twitter, Research Finds
Americans are Embracing Bad Government Because They Don't Know History | "How did we get here? Well, Americans' knowledge of history is at an all-time low, so that might have something to do with it."
Right-winger threatens President Obama
Americas Therapists Are Worried About Trumps Effect On Your Mental Health
What Mike Pence thinks vs. What Donald Trump says
Illinois Senator Tries to Zing Tammy Duckworth in Debate, Looks Like a Racist Jerk Instead
Donald Trump has really changed his tune on Bill and Hillary Clinton
RIP, Tom Hayden (1939-2016)
Bernie Sanders On Why His Supporters Should Vote For Clinton
Election Update: There Are 4 Ways This Election Can End  And 3 Involve Clinton Winning
Donald Trump threatens to sue New York Times over sexual harassment report
Wells Fargo CEO John Stumpf is out
Hillary Clinton Is Proposing A Policy To Tackle Deep Poverty
Jailing Hillary!? Trumps Outrageous Case for Dictatorship
Clinton Foundation: Those Hacked Files Arent Ours
Debt, Diversion, Distraction
Hillary Clintons 3 Presidential Debate Performances Left The Trump Campaign In Ruins
Donald Trump's national political director takes step back from campaign; Another blow to the Trump campaign
Why a porn star is fighting California's condom law: 'It's a women's rights issue'
Taking Trump Voters Concerns Seriously Means Listening To What Theyre Actually Saying
Michelle Obama Gives Powerful Speech Roasting Trump For Predatory Comments
Yes, Trump Is a Fascist  Heres the Checklist
Kansas collected $45m less than expected in September, adding to budget shortfall
Loss of union muscle widens nations income gap
There was some rare good news about abortion rights this week
Glenn Greenwald Weighs In On WikiLeaks' Data Dump On Clinton
Blackwater Founder Erik Prince, Who Got Rich Off Of Iraq, Now Backs 'Anti-War' Donald Trump
Documentary film-makers face decades in prison for taping oil pipeline protests
Understanding Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton's Health Care Reform Proposals
In deep-red Florida, signs of trouble for Donald Trump
Sheriff openly calls for riots as Trump says election is rigged
The Russian Hack of U.S. Election Systems is About Delegitimizing, Not Changing, the Result, and It Feeds Trump Vote-Rigging Claim
Europes unprecedented backlash against Donald Trump
Trump Suffers Another Bout of Russian Amnesia
Elizabeth Warren Calls Out Senate Republicans Hypocrisy On Trump
Donald Trump defiant as groping tape drives growing Republican calls to quit
Americans Feel Well-Informed, Which May Be The Problem
Intercept Reporter Confronts Justice Kennedy About Citizens United
Why A Vote For A Third Party Cannot Be An Option For Progressives
The KKK was originally a giant, lucrative pyramid scheme
Here's what the Electoral College map would look like if only millennials voted
Racist, Pro-Trump Graffiti Shocks Spanish-Speaking Elementary School
Nate Silver Explains Just How Bad Donald Trump's Night Actually Was
Black TV reporter confronts SC man who called him the N-word
Obama To GOP: 'Don't Act Like This Started With Donald Trump'
Hillary Clinton is gaining momentumand shes seizing the moment to make her agenda even more progressive
The voter registration deadline is THIS week for 20+ states. Check your state and register now!
Watch MN Police Chief Shut Down Fox News' Fearmongering About Somali Immigrants
Why Russia Wants the U.S. to Believe the Election Is Being Hacked
Will the U.S. Presidential Election Be Rigged?
I went undercover with a militia on the US-Mexico border. Heres what I saw.
Stephen Helps President Obama Polish His Rsum
Its Not Just For Kids: Medicare EpiPen Spending Up 1,100 Percent
Whatever Is Actually In Trumps Tax Returns Is Worse Than What The New York Times Says
What is the best way to donate to ensure Democrats retake the Senate?
The Clinton Camp Thinks Native American Voters Could Make The Difference In Arizona.
President Barack Obama will make a late splash into races for state senate and assembly over the next week, endorsing roughly 150 candidates across 20 states. He'll also back a candidate for the North Carolina Supreme Court.
Trump's breathtaking repudiation of American democracy
Russia has weaponized the American press | What hasnt been talked about is that Vladimir Putin has an unwitting ally: the American media, which is helping him accomplish that very task."
Republicans hacked, skimmed NRSC donations sent to Russian domain
Pass an Emergency Act to Increase Security at the Polls to Protect Against Voter Intimidation
Robert Reich: Why all progressives should vote Hillary
Trump Finds Self-Professed Child Pimp To Refute Airplane Groping Claim: Gothamist
A GOP Strategist Explains Why The Republican Party Is About To Break in Two
What Elizabeth Warren Really Wants From Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton Will [Almost Certainly
Red River North Dakota Womens Clinic Under Siege
Donald Trumps Emotional Fragility
The 2016 Democratic Party Platform  To The Left
Calculate How Your Political Views Compare With Those Of The Presidential Candidates Using This Tool Made By Political Scientists
Undermining Democracy, Corporations Pouring Millions Into Local Ballot Fights
A Group of Computer Scientists Believe a Trump Server Was Communicating With a Russian Bank
Building Power to Win: Organizing Versus Mobilizing - Jane McAlevey
Hillary Clinton's millennial surge has arrived
AT&Ts Merger Could Be A Bad Sign For The Economy
Vandals Deface Dothan Brook School With Trump, KKK References
I WENT UNDERCOVER INTO THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND COULDNT BELIEVE WHAT I FOUND
1912 Newspaper Article Anticipates Anthropogenic Global Warming
McCain Literally Flees Reporter Asking About His Controversial Remarks
CNN Has A Trump Surrogate Problem
Armed Trump Supporter Stands Outside Democrat's Office For 12 Hours
The SEC Fiddles While the System Burns: Insider Trading Enforcement As Securities Law Theater | naked capitalism
Trump Goes Full Fascist Never go full fascist.
Inside Americas Militias-Take a break from the latest Trump trash and give this a listen. This is the militant wing of the Trumpist/Tea Party/Alt Right movement. These people are the true terror threat in this country.
Gov. Rick Scott says no to extending Florida voter-registration deadline
Supporters of gun control may be looking at a clean sweep in these 3 states in November
7-year-old girl with disabilities escorted out of Trump rally
How Hostile Poll-Watchers Could Hand Pennsylvania to Trump
Four Superpolluters Are Near One Indiana City
New Rule: The Danger of False Equivalency
What To Do When Faced With Voter Intimidation
Michael Moore Defends Support For Hillary Clinton
Election Day Is On A Tuesday Because White Male Farmers In The 1840s Wanted It To Be
NYT: As ID Laws Fall, Voters See New Barriers Rise
Donald Trump Is Turning Republicans Into Anti-Vaxxers
The Economy Is Improving, Yet These Voters Dont Trust The Data
Trumps supporters talk rebellion, assassination at his rallies
Ryan Avoids Talking Trump, Paints Grim Picture Of 'Liberal Progressive' Rule
Koch brothers switch tactics to keep the Senate in their grubby hands
What We Talk About When We Dont Want to Talk About Nuclear War
Trump threatens to sue over 'nasty' campaign ads
New York AG orders Trump Foundation to stop soliciting donations
The Naked Truth: Trumpland
'Not Wanted': Black Applicants Rejected for Trump Housing Speak Out
Robert Reich (The Trust Destroyers)
Did Paul Ryan just hand Democrats the Senate?
Trumped Faith: Donald Trump and the Return of White Exceptionalism
The Trump Demogorgon devours Paul Ryan
Trump Goes Full Alex Jones: Hillary Secretly Meets With 'International Bankers' To Destroy the U.S.
The Hideous, Diabolical Truth About Hillary Clinton [SATIRE
Central Park Five's Yusef Salaam: Donald Trump Needs to Be Fired from Running for President
Trump Versus Clinton, According to Aristophanes: In a production at Barnard, the ancient Greek satirists play about the dangers of demagogy is retooled around the current Presidential election.
Poll watchers reported during early voting at Washington County Courthouse (Arkansas)
[Repubs Go Insane
Every vote counts against Trump, says Latino farm owner near Yakima, Washington (video)
How to Build a Democratic Majority That Lasts
What About the Planet? Our two major political parties are at odds on many issues, but nowhere is the gap bigger or more consequential than on climate.
For Every 10 U.S. Adults, Six Vote and Four Dont. What Separates Them?
When Drug Reviewers Leave The FDA, They Often Work For Pharma
Indiana Gov. Mike Pence signed a law this year that mandated funerals for fetuses
Bridgegate Witness Says Cuomo and Christie Discussed Cover Story
The Cities That Are Fighting Back Against State Intervention
Meet Gary Johnsons Koch-network money men
Democrats sue Donald Trumps campaign in four states for voter suppression
Michael Moore In TrumpLand: "Human Molotov Cocktail"
An alt National Anthem written after meeting white racists who want to "Make America Great Again."
The Very Political James Comey: The FBI director says he doesnt "give a hoot about politics. But when it comes to Clinton and her emails, hes made a series of political decisions that have jeopardized the integrity of the FBIand the U.S. election process.
State of the Race with HFA Campaign Manager Robby Mook | Hillary Clinton
Election Update: Where Are The Undecided Voters?
Senate Update: GOP Candidates Are Doing Better Than Trump  And May Still Lose
Election Update: Why Our Model Is More Bullish Than Others On Trump
Donald Trump Must Withdraw. Here's Why.
Watch "Don't Be a Sucker!, the 1947 US Government Anti-Hatred Film Thats Relevant Again in 2016
'Trump-Emboldened,' 'Racist' Crowds Feed An Exodus At The Second City In Chicago
Michelle Obama's HEARTBREAKING Speech: 'This Is Not Something That We Can Ignore.'
Compassion, Weakness, and the 2016 Election
The Good Old Days
Court: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's Structure Is Unconstitutional. We Can't Afford A Conservative Supreme Court.
What President Donald Trump Would Do On Day 1
Trumps Second Debate, in Brief
Trump, companies accused of mistreating women in at least 20 lawsuits
American Veterans Stand Up for Syrian Refugees-Anti-refugee voices do not understand that patriotism  and serving in the military  is fundamentally about serving others
The Job Market Will Be Solid On Election Day
For ripping off Medicaid, EpiPen maker Mylan pays Feds $465 million
World moves to offset airplane emissions in landmark deal
You Say Vote
Getting Out the Millennial Vote
White Lives Matter: A new US hate group shows its face
The best new Senate race gaffe is about whether Donald Trump is a good role model for children
VP candidates head into debate with different agendas
Calm Down -- Bill Clinton Didn't Say Obamacare Is Terrible
What Does Trumps Candidacy Say About Our Capacity for Good and Evil? | Eric Kandel
School Segregation: Last Week Tonight with John Oliver
Pwned by Putin: How the Russian despot ruthlessly trolled our so-called democracy
Lessons from Roosevelt: The Past of the Democratic Party
Supreme Court to consider potentially landmark transgender rights case
I want to economically support liberal states with my purchasing power. What are some of the best products for different categories to do this?
Tfw people spam your Facebook with pro-Trump crap
The Progressive Tax Reform Youve Never Heard Of
After Bernie: Will "Our Revolution" Deliver on Its Promise of "Political Revolution"?
Megyn Kelly Politely Annihilates Newt Gingrich For Defending Donald Trump Against Sexual Assault Allegations
Legendary Antiwar Activist and SDS Organizer Tom Hayden Dies at 76
Donald Trump Probably Believe In Eugenics [VIDEO
Oprah Winfrey Just Got Real About Hillary Clinton
Why Jorge Ramos Took on Trump
Hate Rising Premieres Sunday @10P EST
Hate Rising with Jorge Ramos (Preview)
Captain Khan
How likely is it Trump is now running only to keep Clinton from effectively governing?
When Solar &amp; Oil Work Together To Tackle Climate Change
Trumpcast - Donald Trump Is A Lot Of Things, But Is A Fascist One Of Them?
Slate's Trumpcast - Jacob Weisberg vs Adam Liptak: An Assault on the Rule of Law
The Strange Sympathy of the Far Left for Putin
13TH | Official Trailer [HD
Going Local in the Fight Against Inequality
Paul Ryan Needs Trump More Than Trump Needs Ryan
Paul Ryan Presents Official Terrible Nightmare Plans Republicans Will Have President Trump Pass
Make America Hated Again!
Wikileaks Throws Weight Behind Trump
Rodrigo Duterte, Philippines Leader, Says Obama Can Go to Hell
Suburban White Women Weigh Their Options In A Bizarre Election
Arlie Russell Hochschild on "Strangers in Their Own Land: Anger and Mourning on the American Right"
Clinton campaign invokes 'Daisy Girl' to attack Trump on nuclear weapons
Donald Trump Says Hillary Clinton Will Start WWIII With Russia, but Moscow Disagrees
Holder & Obama Aim at 2020
FIRST-TIME VOTERS: Twenty Americans describe why they are voting in a Presidential election for the rst time and which candidate they will choose.
Inside a Right-Wing Militia's Border Security Operation
Mainstream Media Refuses To Let These Renewable Energy Myths Go
I have a conservative friend who said the the difference between them and a liberal is that liberals believe in superheroes. I just want everyone's opinion on this topic.
Has Obama's IDGAF Tour Officially Begun? On Marco Rubio Voting Trump: 'C'mon Man.'
The Illuminating but Unsurprising Content of Clintons Paid Speeches
The Hillary Clinton "scandal involving Morocco, explained
Tom Hayden [Extended Interview
Getting to Grips with the Trump Phenomenon
Americans Wages Just Hit An All-Time High
My Nightmare: What if its true that no one respects women more than Trump?
Trump No Longer Really Running for President. The Donalds real political goal is to make it impossible for Hillary Clinton to govern.
There's A New Silent Majority, And It's Voting For Hillary Clinton
When an Election Damages Democracy
This Is The Best Book To Help You Understand The Wild 2016 Campaign
Donald Trumps locker room talk gives parents teachable moment with teens
Donald Trump: The Frankenstein's Monster Of The US Elite | Owen Jones Talks...
Two really close Senate races r/liberal should be watching
Clintons little-known crusade to save Africas elephants Relentless poaching is decimating Africas elephants. But the worlds largest land mammal could have a powerful, new champion if Hillary Clinton becomes president of the U.S.
Austerity at all levels of government has created a teacher shortfall
Dave Daubenmire: We Cannot Vote For Hillary Clinton Because Women Are Not To Have Authority Over Men
Hillary Clinton to Panicked Republicans: Youre on Your Own
Hes back...Bernie Sanders to rally in L.A., S.F. for drug measure Hes back...Bernie Sanders to rally in L.A., S.F. for drug measure
5 Aspiring LGBT Politicians Share Their Coming-Out Stories
Donald Trump is the GOPs chemotherapy
Howard Dean: How to Move Beyond the Two-Party System
Getting Rid Of Globalization Wouldn't Stop Inequality
The One Big Thing Paul Krugman Wants Trump And Clinton To Debate
An Open Letter to Martha Raddatz and Anderson Cooper
The New Rules of the Road: A Progressive Approach to Globalization
Leader of armed standoff describes what led him to US refuge
After Hastert, Illinois Pushes for Change to Child Abuse Law
Warrior Communique from #NODAPL
This Is Important
What Happens When the Police Misidentify You as the Dallas Shooter
Remember When Mike Pence Said Smoking Doesnt Kill?
Progressive Alternatives and National Projects
"Vote for Them" by Slam Poet Carlos Andrs Gmez
#NODAPL, the time to act is now!
This case could spell the end for coal trains We are talking about waters that people use for swimming, for drinking, that are critical for bringing back strong salmon runs.
Jill Steins Ideology Says One ThingHer Investment Portfolio Says Another
Why Hillary
TYT Town Hall: Jill Stein's Lackluster Answer To Sam Seder's Question On Green Party Plans
Clinton Voters Aren't Just Voting Against Trump
Clinton Leads by 7 Points in North Carolina Poll
What Went Wrong For Gary Johnson
Sexism and the U.S. Election | Sunday Talk
FDR's Grandson: Hillary Clinton Embodies My Grandfather's Spirit
Immigration in America Isnt What the Politicians Tell You
Jorge Ramos Wants You To Know What Makes Trump So Dangerous
The Co-founder of Latinos for Trump wouldn't hesitate to punch Donald Trump in the face.
Hugh Laurie Tells Americans What They Should Really Be Worried About
Hashtag Hijack?
Overtime with Bill Maher: TPP, Anger Management, Progressive Priorities
Axelrod: Maybe Clinton should reconsider final debate
A Plan That Can Help Millions
Drawing the Line: How redistricting turned America from blue to red.
How Would Trump Deport 11 Million People? Think About It.
Trumpism doesnt end if Clinton wins
Where Do Clinton and Trump Have the Most Upside?
Weve been totally wrong about Hillary Clintons young voter problem
Global Elites Step Up Defense of Openness Amid Rise of Populism
Millennials: Someone You Love May Be Alive Because of Hillary Clinton
Trump on hot mic: 'When you're a star ... You can do anything' to women
Solar Stocks, On Sale Today
Washington farmers help feed U.S. appetite for quinoa
It's Time To Seriously Look At Hillary's Policy Agenda
There Is Only One Message for Voters to Send in This Election
Democracy Now! - Top U.S. & World Headlines  October 3, 2016
The Class Dynamics in the Rise of Donald Trump
Happy Halloween, Paul Ryan!
David Duke Getting More Support From Jill Stein Voters Than Trump or Clinton Voters
"How do I protect myself if Trump is elected?"
Tamar Gendler: An Introduction to the Philosophy of Politics and Economics
Memo: Clinton Campaign Looked to Oust Wasserman Schultz Last Year
Behind the retreat of the Koch brothers' operation Donald Trumps rise led the conservative billionaires to scale back their political operation. Can they bounce back?
How Deep Will 2016's Blue Wave Be? Progressives Push Many Candidates and Issues Up and Down Political Ladder
Europes Traditional Left Is In A Death Spiral. Even If You Dont Like The Left, This Is A Problem.
Can liberal values be absolute? Or is that a contradiction?  Max Hayward | Aeon Ideas
This Election is Too Important Not to Vote for Hillary
To Flip the House, How Big Would a Clinton Victory Margin Need to Be?
Michael Moore Talks About Hillary Clinton, His New Film, and More
Now Is Not The Time To Go Green [Party
Tom Hayden, 1960s radical who became champion of liberal causes, dies at 76
What Would Happen if Countries Had Open Borders? | Borders
Final Thoughts... I'm glad it's almost over.
Donald Trump Vs Hillary Clinton: A Sentiment Analysis On Twitter Mentions
Florida Utility Industry Deceiving Voters On Amendment 1 (Leaked Audio)
Trump Camp Will Fake Exit Polls, Possibly to Intimidate Voters and Lay Groundwork for Post-Election Shenanigans
The US Filed a WTO Dispute to Save Jobsby Increasing Imports from China: Heres Why
Clinton leads Trump by 12 in new national poll
Men Are Treating 2016 As A Normal Election; Women Arent
Blame Big Pharma [Full Debate
The Perils of a Partisan NLRB
#LoserDonald Complains Hillary Must Be Doping to Beat Him
Slate's Trumpcast - Democracy Spawns A Tyrant
Is Trump's Rise a Result of America Declaring War on Institutions That Make Democracy Possible?
These Words Have Been Tested By Science To Get You To Vote
The Video Defense About Her Emails Hillary Clinton Never Gave
Ryan sounds alarm on Trump
Trump Isn't Teflon
The New Rules of the Road: A Progressive Approach to Globalization
Understanding Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton's Tax Plans
Is Russia Our Enemy?
Court strikes consumer watchdog structure
Could Trump and Clinton lose to an independent candidate in Utah?
Hillary Clinton vs. Donald Trump on broadband: She has a plan, he doesn't
Watch: Death penalty debate in California
Hillary Clinton's Lonesome White Male Supporters
You Must Read This Amazingly Graphic Gay Sex Article Mike Pences Journal Once Published
What is obvious but needs to be repeated: Clinton Had A Great Week, But She Shouldn't Get Overconfident
Harry Reid's Letter to James Comey
Indian Oil Companies Will Develop 2.7 GW Of Solar Capacity
Liberal Muslims face an uphill battle - NOW Toronto Magazine
The Leftist Case for Clinton
Go Midwest, Young Hipster
Donald Trump and Authoritarian Followers by Dr. Bob Altemeyer
Srdja Popovic - Revolution 101
Deeply Divided: Racial Politics and Social Movements in Post-War America
"America Divided": New TV Series Explores Inequality from Water to Housing to Mass Incarceration
Im the Last Thing Standing Between You and the Apocalypse | Inside the final weeks of Hillary Clintons cautious  and surprisingly risky  campaign.
How to Convince an Angry Millennial to Vote for Hillary Clinton
How Progressives Took Over U.S. Foreign Policy
Donald Trump says he would love to beat up Joe 'Mr Tough Guy' Biden
Who I'm Voting For President
Police tracking social media during protests stirs concerns
Rethinking Populism | Dissent Magazine
Republicans embrace conservative label more enthusiastically than Democrats embrace liberal label
18 U.S. Code  2385 - Advocating overthrow of Government
Trump's election will be the biggest "Fck You" in human history - Michael Moore
Why is it so hard to vote in America? - The Big Picture
Whats Millennials Support for Gary Johnson and Jill Stein All About?
Charles Blow Blames Rigged Election Talk On Sanders: Clinton Is Beating Men  Deal With It
FDR's Grandson: Hillary Clinton Embodies My Grandfather's Spirit
This Election is Too Important Not to Vote for Hillary
Why A Vote For A Third Party Cannot Be An Option For Progressives
There's A New Silent Majority, And It's Voting For Hillary Clinton
Men Are Treating 2016 As A Normal Election; Women Arent
Hillary Clinton vs. Donald Trump on broadband: She has a plan, he doesn't
Clintons little-known crusade to save Africas elephants Relentless poaching is decimating Africas elephants. But the worlds largest land mammal could have a powerful, new champion if Hillary Clinton becomes president of the U.S.
The Leftist Case for Clinton
Go Midwest, Young Hipster
How to Convince an Angry Millennial to Vote for Hillary Clinton
Millennials: Someone You Love May Be Alive Because of Hillary Clinton
Tom Hayden, 1960s radical who became champion of liberal causes, dies at 76
Who I'm Voting For President
Why The Two Historically Unpopular Candidates Meme Is A Sham  One That Boosts Donald Trump
Did Paul Ryan just hand Democrats the Senate?
I WENT UNDERCOVER INTO THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND COULDNT BELIEVE WHAT I FOUND
Clinton Voters Aren't Just Voting Against Trump
Drawing the Line: How redistricting turned America from blue to red.
Dr. Jill Stein Owes Her Supporters Some Truth: She Won't Win
The Strange Sympathy of the Far Left for Putin
Paul Ryan Presents Official Terrible Nightmare Plans Republicans Will Have President Trump Pass
Memo: Clinton Campaign Looked to Oust Wasserman Schultz Last Year
Trump Camp Will Fake Exit Polls, Possibly to Intimidate Voters and Lay Groundwork for Post-Election Shenanigans
Ryan sounds alarm on Trump
Hillary Clinton's Lonesome White Male Supporters
What is obvious but needs to be repeated: Clinton Had A Great Week, But She Shouldn't Get Overconfident
Hillary Clinton's millennial surge has arrived
Liberal Muslims face an uphill battle - NOW Toronto Magazine
Im the Last Thing Standing Between You and the Apocalypse | Inside the final weeks of Hillary Clintons cautious  and surprisingly risky  campaign.
My Nightmare: What if its true that no one respects women more than Trump?
Whats Millennials Support for Gary Johnson and Jill Stein All About?
Trumps apology sounds like a rapist saying she asked for it
Ralph Nader Supporters Warn Third-Party Voters: Don't Make The Same Mistake!
Hillary Clinton wins third presidential debate, according to CNN / ORC poll
Why Hillary Wins
On this day next year, I will either be marrying the love of my life or the marriage I have always dreamed of might not be legal. Please vote on November 8th.
Hillary Clinton is gaining momentumand shes seizing the moment to make her agenda even more progressive
Jill Steins Ideology Says One ThingHer Investment Portfolio Says Another
Why Hillary
The Co-founder of Latinos for Trump wouldn't hesitate to punch Donald Trump in the face.
How Would Trump Deport 11 Million People? Think About It.
Weve been totally wrong about Hillary Clintons young voter problem
Donald Trump Probably Believe In Eugenics [VIDEO
Hillary Clinton Is Proposing A Policy To Tackle Deep Poverty
Clinton campaign amps up star power in battleground states
The Russian Hack of U.S. Election Systems is About Delegitimizing, Not Changing, the Result, and It Feeds Trump Vote-Rigging Claim
Donald Trump's Pants on Fire claim of 'large scale voter fraud'
Election Day Is On A Tuesday Because White Male Farmers In The 1840s Wanted It To Be
Video Shows Donald Trump Sexually Humiliating Woman Before Large Audience
Michelle Obama Gives Powerful Speech Roasting Trump For Predatory Comments
If the election is really rigged, 33 states are rigged by Republicans
Democrats sue Donald Trumps campaign in four states for voter suppression
Trump, companies accused of mistreating women in at least 20 lawsuits
You Say Vote
70 Nobel Laureates Endorse Hillary Clinton
7-year-old girl with disabilities escorted out of Trump rally
Donald Trump Says Hillary Clinton Will Start WWIII With Russia, but Moscow Disagrees
The Illuminating but Unsurprising Content of Clintons Paid Speeches
Trump No Longer Really Running for President. The Donalds real political goal is to make it impossible for Hillary Clinton to govern.
Two really close Senate races r/liberal should be watching
5 Aspiring LGBT Politicians Share Their Coming-Out Stories
Donald Trump is the GOPs chemotherapy
I Don't Like Hillary Clinton Or The Democratic Party. I'm Voting For Them Anyway.
I thought this election would be less sexist. Trump proved me wrong
How Progressives Took Over U.S. Foreign Policy
How Deep Will 2016's Blue Wave Be? Progressives Push Many Candidates and Issues Up and Down Political Ladder
Michael Moore Talks About Hillary Clinton, His New Film, and More
Clinton leads Trump by 12 in new national poll
Trump Isn't Teflon
Americas Therapists Are Worried About Trumps Effect On Your Mental Health
At Long Last, Trump Blames The Jews For His Failed Campaign.
Glenn Greenwald Weighs In On WikiLeaks' Data Dump On Clinton
[Repubs Go Insane
Academia, Love Me Back | "On the second page the professor circled the word hence and wrote in between the typed lines This is not your word. The word not was underlined. Twice. My professor assumed someone like me would never use language like that."
Sanders: My Emails Would Be Just As Harsh About Clinton
Tfw people spam your Facebook with pro-Trump crap
Captain Khan
How likely is it Trump is now running only to keep Clinton from effectively governing?
Trumpcast - Donald Trump Is A Lot Of Things, But Is A Fascist One Of Them?
13TH | Official Trailer [HD
Paul Ryan Needs Trump More Than Trump Needs Ryan
Wikileaks Throws Weight Behind Trump
Obama admits to laughing at Trump during debates
Clinton Vaults to a Double-Digit Lead, Boosted by Broad Disapproval of Trump (Poll)
Right-winger threatens President Obama
Clinton to nation: let's bury Trump under landslide
Trump Goes Full Fascist Never go full fascist.
Trump tried to downplay his pro-Russian tilt in the last debate. Then he proved it.
The Very Political James Comey: The FBI director says he doesnt "give a hoot about politics. But when it comes to Clinton and her emails, hes made a series of political decisions that have jeopardized the integrity of the FBIand the U.S. election process.
Donald Trump Must Withdraw. Here's Why.
Michelle Obama's HEARTBREAKING Speech: 'This Is Not Something That We Can Ignore.'
Court: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's Structure Is Unconstitutional. We Can't Afford A Conservative Supreme Court.
Remember When Mike Pence Said Smoking Doesnt Kill?
Clinton Leads by 7 Points in North Carolina Poll
Republicans embrace conservative label more enthusiastically than Democrats embrace liberal label
18 U.S. Code  2385 - Advocating overthrow of Government
Trump on hot mic: 'When you're a star ... You can do anything' to women
It's Time To Seriously Look At Hillary's Policy Agenda
The Class Dynamics in the Rise of Donald Trump
Woman accuses Donald Trump of groping her at 1998 tennis tournament
Trumps Latest Comments About Women Are Rape Culture In A Nutshell
Hillary Clintons 3 Presidential Debate Performances Left The Trump Campaign In Ruins
In acquitting the Oregon militants, a white jury determines that the law doesnt apply to white protesters
Trump supporter tells CBS: He will make America great again like it was before the homosexuals
Trump Supporter Pulls A Gun On Black Lives Matter Protesters In Portland [VIDEO
Dear America: Make Brexit Look Less Stupid. Vote Trump.
Trump Is OK With Calling Ivanka a "Piece of Ass" and Other Horrible Things He Told Howard Stern
Jailing Hillary!? Trumps Outrageous Case for Dictatorship
Clinton Foundation: Those Hacked Files Arent Ours
How to Build a Democratic Majority That Lasts
Bridgegate Witness Says Cuomo and Christie Discussed Cover Story
Trump's apology to women with all the BS removed
Harry Reid to FBI director Comey: "You may have broken the law"
Donald Trump Called Deaf 'Apprentice' Marlee Matlin 'Retarded'
LeBron: 'Me and my family believe in' Clinton
"Guns don't kill people, toddlers kill people." "Lock them up." "Deport them." Striking new gun control ad
Trump's election will be the biggest "Fck You" in human history - Michael Moore
The Hillary Clinton "scandal involving Morocco, explained
Donald Trumps locker room talk gives parents teachable moment with teens
Austerity at all levels of government has created a teacher shortfall
Dave Daubenmire: We Cannot Vote For Hillary Clinton Because Women Are Not To Have Authority Over Men
Howard Dean: How to Move Beyond the Two-Party System
Michael Moore Defends Support For Hillary Clinton
Trump threatens to sue over 'nasty' campaign ads
Michelle Obama just delivered what might have been a defining moment of the presidential campaign
Clinton Holds 11-Point National Lead Over Trump: NBC/WSJ Poll
Trump Admits to Relationship with Putin in 2013
WikiLeaks Trolls Trump World, Delivers Nothing on Hillary
The SEC Fiddles While the System Burns: Insider Trading Enforcement As Securities Law Theater | naked capitalism
Why a porn star is fighting California's condom law: 'It's a women's rights issue'
Al Gore: 'Consider me exhibit A' for why each vote matters
Trump's organization did business with Iranian bank later linked to terrorism
Plane crew almost lets man die because they refuse to believe black woman is a doctor. | Workplace
Harry Reid's Letter to James Comey
School Segregation: Last Week Tonight with John Oliver
I want to economically support liberal states with my purchasing power. What are some of the best products for different categories to do this?
Indian Oil Companies Will Develop 2.7 GW Of Solar Capacity
Charles Blow Blames Rigged Election Talk On Sanders: Clinton Is Beating Men  Deal With It
Donald Trump and Authoritarian Followers by Dr. Bob Altemeyer
Srdja Popovic - Revolution 101
Deeply Divided: Racial Politics and Social Movements in Post-War America
"America Divided": New TV Series Explores Inequality from Water to Housing to Mass Incarceration
Suburban White Women Weigh Their Options In A Bizarre Election
Arlie Russell Hochschild on "Strangers in Their Own Land: Anger and Mourning on the American Right"
Bernie Sanders On Why His Supporters Should Vote For Clinton
Election Update: There Are 4 Ways This Election Can End  And 3 Involve Clinton Winning
Donald Trump threatens to sue New York Times over sexual harassment report
Trump's breathtaking repudiation of American democracy
Russia has weaponized the American press | What hasnt been talked about is that Vladimir Putin has an unwitting ally: the American media, which is helping him accomplish that very task."
Hillary Clinton Will [Almost Certainly
The 2016 Democratic Party Platform  To The Left
Let's all take a moment to remember Trump claimed if a female reporter touched his arm while holding a pen, that was a terrifying enough situation to justify a "defensive" take down by his campaign manager.
Trump campaign signals mud-slinging endgame as Clinton points to GOP unraveling
Whatever Is Actually In Trumps Tax Returns Is Worse Than What The New York Times Says
Clinton says she wasn't expecting Trump's "avalanche of falsehoods"
Poll: Hillary Clinton Has Double-Digit Lead Over Donald Trump
What Drives Trump Supporters?: Sociologist Arlie Russell Hochschild On Anger & Mourning Of The Right
You worthless  scum: What its like to be targeted by a Donald Trump subreddit
The Six Main Reasons Why The Times Tax Story Could Be Devastating For Trump
Senate Update: GOP Candidates Are Doing Better Than Trump  And May Still Lose
Getting Out the Millennial Vote
More questionable footage of Trump's comments on women; In an Entertainment Tonight Christmas feature in 1992, Trump looked at a group of young girls and said he would be dating one of them in ten years. At the time, Trump would have been 46 years old.
Indiana Officials Target A Black Voter Registration Drive On A Technicality
Gary Johnson, Bolstered by Young Voters, Opposes a Policy They've Vocally Supported
Hillary Clinton's improving poll numbers offers leeway to fight for other races
Paul Ryan Attacked Bernie Sanders. It Backfired Spectacularly.
Trump Supporters Are Already Promising To Intimidate Nonwhite Voters On Election Day
A new worry for Clinton: Trump's struggles may depress Democratic voter turnout
A veteran spy has given the FBI information alleging a Russian operation to cultivate Donald Trump
Trump Suffers Another Bout of Russian Amnesia
Elizabeth Warren Calls Out Senate Republicans Hypocrisy On Trump
Robert Reich (The Trust Destroyers)
The Trump Demogorgon devours Paul Ryan
The Hideous, Diabolical Truth About Hillary Clinton [SATIRE
Central Park Five's Yusef Salaam: Donald Trump Needs to Be Fired from Running for President
Trump Versus Clinton, According to Aristophanes: In a production at Barnard, the ancient Greek satirists play about the dangers of demagogy is retooled around the current Presidential election.
What About the Planet? Our two major political parties are at odds on many issues, but nowhere is the gap bigger or more consequential than on climate.
James Comeys Letter and the Problem of Leaks
Former Miss Teen USA: I was warned Trump didn't like black people
What is it with the alt right and their need to exhibit machismo and manliness?
Clinton leads in Florida, Trump narrowly leads in Texas - CBS Battleground Tracker
Yes, Trump Is a Fascist  Heres the Checklist
David Duke Getting More Support From Jill Stein Voters Than Trump or Clinton Voters
"How do I protect myself if Trump is elected?"
Tamar Gendler: An Introduction to the Philosophy of Politics and Economics
Behind the retreat of the Koch brothers' operation Donald Trumps rise led the conservative billionaires to scale back their political operation. Can they bounce back?
Donald Trump says he would love to beat up Joe 'Mr Tough Guy' Biden
Europes Traditional Left Is In A Death Spiral. Even If You Dont Like The Left, This Is A Problem.
To Flip the House, How Big Would a Clinton Victory Margin Need to Be?
Blame Big Pharma [Full Debate
The Perils of a Partisan NLRB
Slate's Trumpcast - Democracy Spawns A Tyrant
Court strikes consumer watchdog structure
Police tracking social media during protests stirs concerns
Watch: Death penalty debate in California
You Must Read This Amazingly Graphic Gay Sex Article Mike Pences Journal Once Published
Donald Trump's companies destroyed or hid documents in defiance of court orders
Trump's tax attorney: he didn't understand the tax code and wasn't interested in learning
Its Paul Ryan Versus Bernie Sanders, and Sanders Is Winning
NYT: As ID Laws Fall, Voters See New Barriers Rise
Ryan Avoids Talking Trump, Paints Grim Picture Of 'Liberal Progressive' Rule
Youre Lying to Yourself if You Think Trump is the Answer
Trump's Tax Records Show He May Have Understated His Salary by Millions to the IRS
Over a Third of Trump Supporters Follow White Nationalists on Twitter, Research Finds
Americans are Embracing Bad Government Because They Don't Know History | "How did we get here? Well, Americans' knowledge of history is at an all-time low, so that might have something to do with it."
Trump Loyalists Planned Voter Intimidation Using Fake ID Badges, Fake Exit Polling -- Until HuffPost Asked Them About It
1912 Newspaper Article Anticipates Anthropogenic Global Warming
Inside Americas Militias-Take a break from the latest Trump trash and give this a listen. This is the militant wing of the Trumpist/Tea Party/Alt Right movement. These people are the true terror threat in this country.
How Hostile Poll-Watchers Could Hand Pennsylvania to Trump
The largest gay rights group in U.S. is maintaining their endorsement of this racist Senator
So you think Obamacare is a disaster? Here's how California is proving you wrong
Is Trump discouraging his supporters from voting with his rigged vote nonsense?
Muslim Americans Respond To A Caustic Campaign By Raising Money And Mobilizing
How Trump became our conspiracy theorist in chief
How Half Of America Lost Its F**king Mind
Teen Beauty Queens Say Trump Walked In On Them Changing
President Barack Obama will make a late splash into races for state senate and assembly over the next week, endorsing roughly 150 candidates across 20 states. He'll also back a candidate for the North Carolina Supreme Court.
What Elizabeth Warren Really Wants From Hillary Clinton
Warrior Communique from #NODAPL
#NODAPL, the time to act is now!
This case could spell the end for coal trains We are talking about waters that people use for swimming, for drinking, that are critical for bringing back strong salmon runs.
What Went Wrong For Gary Johnson
Immigration in America Isnt What the Politicians Tell You
Rethinking Populism | Dissent Magazine
Trumpism doesnt end if Clinton wins
Global Elites Step Up Defense of Openness Amid Rise of Populism
Washington farmers help feed U.S. appetite for quinoa
There Is Only One Message for Voters to Send in This Election
Democracy Now! - Top U.S. & World Headlines  October 3, 2016
Mike Pence can't believe Tim Kaine would insult Donald Trump by quoting him
Stephen Helps President Obama Polish His Rsum
The 'Stain' Of Sticking With Donald Trump To The End | Morning Joe | MSNBC
IMPORTANT!!! *** Paul Ryan Is Planning a Revolution, and It Starts in January ***
Dear Mr. Trump and Mr. Putin, I am not Sidney Blumenthal
Nate Silver Explains Just How Bad Donald Trump's Night Actually Was
Obama To GOP: 'Don't Act Like This Started With Donald Trump'
Clinton's lead now up to double digits, new NBC/WSJ poll shows
Paul Ryan won't defend or campaign for Trump ahead of election
Holder & Obama Aim at 2020
FIRST-TIME VOTERS: Twenty Americans describe why they are voting in a Presidential election for the rst time and which candidate they will choose.
I have a conservative friend who said the the difference between them and a liberal is that liberals believe in superheroes. I just want everyone's opinion on this topic.
Americans Wages Just Hit An All-Time High
When an Election Damages Democracy
Why is it so hard to vote in America? - The Big Picture
Hillary Clinton to Panicked Republicans: Youre on Your Own
Getting Rid Of Globalization Wouldn't Stop Inequality
An Open Letter to Martha Raddatz and Anderson Cooper
The New Rules of the Road: A Progressive Approach to Globalization
After Hastert, Illinois Pushes for Change to Child Abuse Law
The Bottom Could Fall Out For Trump
Blackwater Founder Erik Prince, Who Got Rich Off Of Iraq, Now Backs 'Anti-War' Donald Trump
Understanding Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton's Health Care Reform Proposals
Donald Trump tape throws Republican politics into chaos
CNN's President Says It Was A Mistake To Air So Many Trump Rallies And "Let Them Run"
Donald Trump's national political director takes step back from campaign; Another blow to the Trump campaign
Hate Rising with Jorge Ramos: From the KKK To Donald Trump's Neo-Fascists
[Dems Better For Business: Business Runs Better Without FRAUD 
Pwned by Putin: How the Russian despot ruthlessly trolled our so-called democracy
Lessons from Roosevelt: The Past of the Democratic Party
Supreme Court to consider potentially landmark transgender rights case
The Progressive Tax Reform Youve Never Heard Of
After Bernie: Will "Our Revolution" Deliver on Its Promise of "Political Revolution"?
Megyn Kelly Politely Annihilates Newt Gingrich For Defending Donald Trump Against Sexual Assault Allegations
Legendary Antiwar Activist and SDS Organizer Tom Hayden Dies at 76
Oprah Winfrey Just Got Real About Hillary Clinton
Why Jorge Ramos Took on Trump
When Solar &amp; Oil Work Together To Tackle Climate Change
Slate's Trumpcast - Jacob Weisberg vs Adam Liptak: An Assault on the Rule of Law
Make America Hated Again!
Rodrigo Duterte, Philippines Leader, Says Obama Can Go to Hell
FBI's Comey opposed naming Russians, citing election timing: Source
Donald Trump Can't Shut Down New York Times Tax-Leak Showing He Lost Nearly $1 Billion In 1995
Drudge links to story outing more Republicans than Democrats for voter fraud. LOL
Trump recorded having extremely lewd conversation about women in 2005
Utah vote splinters as anti-Trump sentiment spreads
PEOPLE Reveals 6 Witnesses Who Corroborate Natasha Stoynoff's Story of Being Attacked by Donald Trump
Emmett Till memorial in Mississippi is now pierced by bullet holes
'Trump-Emboldened,' 'Racist' Crowds Feed An Exodus At The Second City In Chicago
What President Donald Trump Would Do On Day 1
Trumps Second Debate, in Brief
American Veterans Stand Up for Syrian Refugees-Anti-refugee voices do not understand that patriotism  and serving in the military  is fundamentally about serving others
The Job Market Will Be Solid On Election Day
For ripping off Medicaid, EpiPen maker Mylan pays Feds $465 million
Calm Down -- Bill Clinton Didn't Say Obamacare Is Terrible
How One 19-Year-Old Illinois Man Is Distorting National Polling Averages
Chaos In Court After Bundys And Oregon Standoff Leaders Acquitted For Refuge Takeover
Warrens Power On The Rise
Republicans Worst Nightmare Isnt What They Think It Is
First grader beaten on school bus for being Muslim | "The parents of the first grader said he was beaten by five students on a school bus, allegedly while they made references to Muslims and the boys Pakistani heritage."
The Naked Truth: Trumpland
'Not Wanted': Black Applicants Rejected for Trump Housing Speak Out
Trumped Faith: Donald Trump and the Return of White Exceptionalism
Trump Goes Full Alex Jones: Hillary Secretly Meets With 'International Bankers' To Destroy the U.S.
Poll watchers reported during early voting at Washington County Courthouse (Arkansas)
The Cities That Are Fighting Back Against State Intervention
Meet Gary Johnsons Koch-network money men
Paul Ryan Uses Bernie Sanders As the ULTIMATE Scare Tactic
Armed Trump Supporters 'Protest' Outside Virginia Democrat's Campaign Office [VIDEO
After failing to seduce Nancy ODell, Trump reportedly tried to have her fired
Clinton Consolidates Lead Among Democrats, Trump Not Gaining Republicans
Paul Ryan Booed Offstage In Wisconsin Because He Uninvited Trump
Militia Men Arrested In Alleged Plot To Bomb Kansas Mosque After Election
Donald Trump Is Turning Republicans Into Anti-Vaxxers
The Economy Is Improving, Yet These Voters Dont Trust The Data
Trumps supporters talk rebellion, assassination at his rallies
Koch brothers switch tactics to keep the Senate in their grubby hands
Michael Moore Reveals Surprise Donald Trump Film, Opening In New York City Tomorrow
The Real Vote Rigging: Republicans Make It Harder for Millions to Vote in 2016 Election
Cummings shocker: Americans dont have a clue how hard the GOP pushed the FBI to attack Clinton
When Donald Trump gets in a hole, he just keeps digging. And digging. And digging.
GOP will block Supreme Court nominees for Clinton, too: "I promise you that we will be united against any Supreme Court nominee that Hillary Clinton, if she were president, would put up," McCain said.
Senate Update: The Last Week Has Been Very Kind To Democrats' Hopes For A Majority
AT&Ts Merger Could Be A Bad Sign For The Economy
Vandals Deface Dothan Brook School With Trump, KKK References
McCain Literally Flees Reporter Asking About His Controversial Remarks
CNN Has A Trump Surrogate Problem
Armed Trump Supporter Stands Outside Democrat's Office For 12 Hours
What is the best way to donate to ensure Democrats retake the Senate?
The Clinton Camp Thinks Native American Voters Could Make The Difference In Arizona.
Robert Reich: Why all progressives should vote Hillary
Red River North Dakota Womens Clinic Under Siege
Donald Trumps Emotional Fragility
Four Years of Tax Returns All Show Donald Trump Did Not Pay Federal Taxes
Roger Stone group plans Trump-supported intimidation effort to make 'minority voters nervous' on election day and deliver fake exit polls with which to challenge vote tallies
Dirty Words Won't End Trump  Endorsing Sexual Assault Might
Will the U.S. Presidential Election Be Rigged?
I went undercover with a militia on the US-Mexico border. Heres what I saw.
A 90-Year-Old Woman Whos Voted Since 1948 Was Disenfranchised by Wisconsins Voter-ID Law
Gerrymandering could cost Democrats the House in 2016. Why? Because it probably did in 2012
North Carolina conservatives recycle transphobic bathroom ad
The KKK was originally a giant, lucrative pyramid scheme
Black TV reporter confronts SC man who called him the N-word
Anderson Cooper asked Donald Trump 4 times about his sexual assault bragging. Trump kept dodging.
Senate Update: Clinton Is Surging, But Down-Ballot Democrats Are Losing Ground
Sanders Calls Trump A 'Political Coward' Over Voter Suppression Report
Trump supporter leaves CNN anchor speechless
There was some rare good news about abortion rights this week
Documentary film-makers face decades in prison for taping oil pipeline protests
In deep-red Florida, signs of trouble for Donald Trump
Europes unprecedented backlash against Donald Trump
Donald Trump defiant as groping tape drives growing Republican calls to quit
Intercept Reporter Confronts Justice Kennedy About Citizens United
A City Clerk Refused to Put Voting Site on Campus Because 'Students Lean More Toward the Democrats'
Debt, Diversion, Distraction
Loss of union muscle widens nations income gap
Trump's Casino Bankruptcies Cost His Employees Millions in Retirement Savings
Illinois Senator Tries to Zing Tammy Duckworth in Debate, Looks Like a Racist Jerk Instead
Donald Trump has really changed his tune on Bill and Hillary Clinton
RIP, Tom Hayden (1939-2016)
Wells Fargo CEO John Stumpf is out
Mike Pence repeatedly denies Trump statements during VP debate
Update: Gay rights group unendorses Mark Kirk, backs Tammy Duckworth instead
There's no longer any way for Republicans to boot Donald Trump from the ballot
Leaked video: Republican senator supported Iraq war so he could spread Mormonism to the Middle East
Matt Drudge Pushes Dangerous Conspiracy Theory That the Government Is Lying About the Strength of Hurricane Matthew
Hyperpartisan Facebook Pages Are Publishing False And Misleading Information At An Alarming Rate
FBI making inquiry into ex-Trump campaign manager's foreign ties
New polling shows Democrats really could take back the House, so we're making more endorsements
Michelle Obama rekindles message of 'hope' to turn Arizona blue
The world just took one of the biggest steps yet to fight global warming
Trump Used Foundation Funds for 2016 Run, Filings Suggest
You have people like Trump, and then you have people like Adolfo Kaminsky, who is estimated to have saved 14,000 lives forging identity papers for Jews during WWII. He was 18 years old at the time.
Pentagon Halts Effort To Take Back Signing Bonuses Paid To National Guard Members
The Kansas Experiment Continues Collapse: Revenue Off By Nearly $45M. Pay Attention, America.
Trump rally attendee chants 'Jew-S-A' at media
NASA warns of a 99% chance the US southwest will suffer a decades-long megadrought
Two Women Say Donald Trump Touched Them Inappropriately
Kansas Ends Bad Economic News by Not Reporting It: "By just about every measure, Kansas tax experiment has failed to meet the promised performance objectives."
No prayer, no meal: Shelters turning away government food due to new worship rules
Happy Halloween, Paul Ryan!
A Group of Computer Scientists Believe a Trump Server Was Communicating With a Russian Bank
Michael Moore In TrumpLand: "Human Molotov Cocktail"
What Does Trumps Candidacy Say About Our Capacity for Good and Evil? | Eric Kandel
This Is Important
An alt National Anthem written after meeting white racists who want to "Make America Great Again."
What Happens When the Police Misidentify You as the Dallas Shooter
Clinton campaign invokes 'Daisy Girl' to attack Trump on nuclear weapons
Progressive Alternatives and National Projects
"Vote for Them" by Slam Poet Carlos Andrs Gmez
New Rule: The Danger of False Equivalency
State of the Race with HFA Campaign Manager Robby Mook | Hillary Clinton
Building Power to Win: Organizing Versus Mobilizing - Jane McAlevey
Federal judge to Florida: Why arent more people registered?
What To Do When Faced With Voter Intimidation
Why Russia Wants the U.S. to Believe the Election Is Being Hacked
Election Update: Where Are The Undecided Voters?
TYT Town Hall: Jill Stein's Lackluster Answer To Sam Seder's Question On Green Party Plans
Here's what the Electoral College map would look like if only millennials voted
Inside a Right-Wing Militia's Border Security Operation
Mainstream Media Refuses To Let These Renewable Energy Myths Go
Racist, Pro-Trump Graffiti Shocks Spanish-Speaking Elementary School
Can liberal values be absolute? Or is that a contradiction?  Max Hayward | Aeon Ideas
Has Obama's IDGAF Tour Officially Begun? On Marco Rubio Voting Trump: 'C'mon Man.'
Election Update: Why Our Model Is More Bullish Than Others On Trump
Tom Hayden [Extended Interview
Sexism and the U.S. Election | Sunday Talk
What Would Happen if Countries Had Open Borders? | Borders
Final Thoughts... I'm glad it's almost over.
Hate Rising Premieres Sunday @10P EST
Hate Rising with Jorge Ramos (Preview)
Getting to Grips with the Trump Phenomenon
Donald Trump Vs Hillary Clinton: A Sentiment Analysis On Twitter Mentions
Jorge Ramos Wants You To Know What Makes Trump So Dangerous
Florida Utility Industry Deceiving Voters On Amendment 1 (Leaked Audio)
Hugh Laurie Tells Americans What They Should Really Be Worried About
The US Filed a WTO Dispute to Save Jobsby Increasing Imports from China: Heres Why
Hashtag Hijack?
Overtime with Bill Maher: TPP, Anger Management, Progressive Priorities
Watch "Don't Be a Sucker!, the 1947 US Government Anti-Hatred Film Thats Relevant Again in 2016
Republicans hacked, skimmed NRSC donations sent to Russian domain
Axelrod: Maybe Clinton should reconsider final debate
This Is The Best Book To Help You Understand The Wild 2016 Campaign
Taking Trump Voters Concerns Seriously Means Listening To What Theyre Actually Saying
A Plan That Can Help Millions
#LoserDonald Complains Hillary Must Be Doping to Beat Him
Pass an Emergency Act to Increase Security at the Polls to Protect Against Voter Intimidation
Trump promised proof hes innocent of sexual assault. He delivered an insult to our intelligence.
Sheriff openly calls for riots as Trump says election is rigged
Trump Finds Self-Professed Child Pimp To Refute Airplane Groping Claim: Gothamist
Donald Trump: The Frankenstein's Monster Of The US Elite | Owen Jones Talks...
A GOP Strategist Explains Why The Republican Party Is About To Break in Two
Compassion, Weakness, and the 2016 Election
ACLU & HRW Call to Decriminalize Drug Use & Possession After Documenting Arrests Every 25 Seconds
Is Trump's Rise a Result of America Declaring War on Institutions That Make Democracy Possible?
These Words Have Been Tested By Science To Get You To Vote
The Video Defense About Her Emails Hillary Clinton Never Gave
The New Rules of the Road: A Progressive Approach to Globalization
Understanding Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton's Tax Plans
Is Russia Our Enemy?
Going Local in the Fight Against Inequality
Could Trump and Clinton lose to an independent candidate in Utah?
Where Do Clinton and Trump Have the Most Upside?
The Good Old Days
Hes back...Bernie Sanders to rally in L.A., S.F. for drug measure Hes back...Bernie Sanders to rally in L.A., S.F. for drug measure
Every vote counts against Trump, says Latino farm owner near Yakima, Washington (video)
Exclusive documents show a Wells Fargo employee informed the bank of fake customer accounts in 2006
The Election That Mattered: Daley makes the case that if you dont understand what happened in 2010, you dont understand something fundamental about why American politics is the way it is today.
Its Not Just For Kids: Medicare EpiPen Spending Up 1,100 Percent
World moves to offset airplane emissions in landmark deal
The One Big Thing Paul Krugman Wants Trump And Clinton To Debate
For Every 10 U.S. Adults, Six Vote and Four Dont. What Separates Them?
Ryan calls off plans to campaign with Trump; GOP-ers rush to distance themselves
When Drug Reviewers Leave The FDA, They Often Work For Pharma
Donald Trump, Groper in Chief
Solar Stocks, On Sale Today
Americans Feel Well-Informed, Which May Be The Problem
Gov. Rick Scott says no to extending Florida voter-registration deadline
Supporters of gun control may be looking at a clean sweep in these 3 states in November
What We Talk About When We Dont Want to Talk About Nuclear War
Calculate How Your Political Views Compare With Those Of The Presidential Candidates Using This Tool Made By Political Scientists
The voter registration deadline is THIS week for 20+ states. Check your state and register now!
What Mike Pence thinks vs. What Donald Trump says
Watch MN Police Chief Shut Down Fox News' Fearmongering About Somali Immigrants
White Lives Matter: A new US hate group shows its face
The best new Senate race gaffe is about whether Donald Trump is a good role model for children
Indiana Gov. Mike Pence signed a law this year that mandated funerals for fetuses
Kansas collected $45m less than expected in September, adding to budget shortfall
Leader of armed standoff describes what led him to US refuge
VP candidates head into debate with different agendas
The Koch Connection in the Scott Walker John Doe Documents
Undermining Democracy, Corporations Pouring Millions Into Local Ballot Fights
Police Accountability: Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (HBO)
New York AG orders Trump Foundation to stop soliciting donations
Four Superpolluters Are Near One Indiana City
Melbourne street artist behind racy Hillary Clinton mural has Instagram account deleted - Its fine to go on and do a mural on Trump, but when I go and do one on Hillary Clinton, my account is gone.
Thanks NBC, im glad we cleared that up..
 Not REKT  REKT
Bill Clinton, 1996: 'The Public Has a Right to Know the Condition of the President's Health.'
This is Officer Montrell Jackson, one of three officers killed today in the Baton Rouge shootings. He is pictured with his precious 5-month old son. Rest in peace, sir.
Salon's attempt at racism
Definitely Happening...
All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.
Oh, Huffpo.
Medical Records: Then & Now
An unarmed white teen was shot dead by police. His family asks: Where is the outrage?
It's illegal for you to read the leaked emails, only we are allowed to do it. (X-post /r/AnarchoCapitalism)
I'll drink to that!
Ben Shapiro: "Cops shoot black suspects. It must be racism. Suspect shoots cops, says he wanted to kill white people. It must be guns."
Leaked emails show how Democrats screwed Sanders
Breaking: Reddit Users Break HUGE Clinton Email Story - Proving Hillary ORDERED Emails to Be Stripped
Not the traditional dress
Clinton has 'nothing to say' about email revealing $12M deal with Morocco's king
I guess they won't be voting...
Liberal hypocrisy
DOJ Prosecutes A Naval Reservist For Mishandling Classified Info without malicious intent. FBI Recommends NO CHARGES For Hillary
University of Chicago Acceptance Letter: No Safe Spaces or Trigger Warnings Here
Actress and Fox News contributor Stacey Dash says its ludicrous for black entertainers to call for a boycott of the Oscars for not nominating black performers while simultaneously supporting the BET and NAACP Awards which only recognize black artists.
Sanders voting fraud dilemma
Hillary Clinton campaign WikiLeaks emails reveal disdain for Catholics, Southerners, 'needy Latinos'
Philadelphia Police Send Scathing Letter To Hillary Clinton
College Liberal at it again...
Washington Post on Comey: Before and After Clinton FBI Investigation Re-Opening
Woman whines she doesn't have as many rights as a gun.
Hillary Clinton Says Bombings In New York  40 Seconds Later Criticizes Use of Word Bombing
These are the liberals I like.
Bernie Sanders is a victim of his own game.
Trump: "Hillary Clinton lives a sequestered life behind gates and walls and guards, she mocks and demeans hardworking Americans who only want their own families to enjoy a fraction of the security enjoyed by our politicians."
Hillary Clinton (sh)ould get 5 years in prison for lying to congress about Syrian weapons
Trying to argue with a socialist about the current affairs in Venezuela (x-post from r/libertarian)
College liberal is at it again.
But tell me more about your heroic stint in the state department...
Can't figure this out for the life of me
Romania burns Bernie
It does feel great
Legal gun owners are not the problem...
I'm sure he'll understand
WE did it first...
Racial Inequality
The woman who won a medal in six straight Olympics...
Congratulations Dr. Carson!!!
Sure...
Who is the real hero..?
Recent Poll Shows More Americans Want Clinton Indicted than Want Her to Be President
Hillary Clinton has 'medical episode' at 9/11 ceremony, source says | Fox News
The Difference between Bakers and Facebook
I see your sign, and raise you my windows
Free speech...
"Peaceful" protests...
Comey admits he wasn't present at 3.5 hour interview with Hillary on Saturday, interview wasn't transcribed and he didn't speak to all the interviewers after the fact.
Good Choice
FBI Agents Believe Bill Clinton Struck Secret Deal With Loretta Lynch in Plane Meeting
Berkeley Logic
Killing Homosexuals Is Not ISIS Law, It Is Muslim Law
Ivanka Trump Wore $138 Dress to Address the Nation on Prosperity - Hillary Wore $12,000 Smock to Address Nation on Poverty
Say it loud and clear...
Proud Liberal
Harvard Study Finds No Racial Bias In Police Shootings
Three boys from Muslim-country immigrant families accused of raping a five-year-old girl, and journalists are angry at . . . the whistleblowers who uncovered it.
Erick Erickson
Apparently, still needs to be said...
The FBI report shows Hillary Clinton was criminally reckless
Ferguson #BlackLivesMatter Leader Who Spoke at UN Arrested For Human Trafficking - Pimping 17 Year-Old Child
Happy Independence Day?
"What could go wrong?"
Julian Assange: We Have Thousands of Cables Hillary Signed with "C" for Confidential- She Told FBI She Didn't Know What It Meant
FLASHBACK: Michelle Obama Attacks Hillary: "If You Can't Run Your Own House, You Can't Run the White House"
Whoopi Goldberg says she may leave America if Trump is elected. Support for The Donald expected to surge.
Heroic Muslim teacher who protected christian students, dies in surgery. We gotta give credit where credit is due. Radical Islam is a threat to all who wish to live a civilized life.
"Politifact is a legitimate fact checker"
Im voting for Donald Trump, so I went to see him speak. Protesters broke my nose.
As a conservative, hearing Bernie supporters complain . . .
Rigging the Election - Video II: Mass Voter Fraud
WikiLeaks Reveals Financial Connection Between Hillary and ISIS
Who Is Behind The Riots? Charlotte Police Says 70% Of Arrested Protesters Had Out Of State IDs
Outrage at North Carolina college after white students are told to check their privilege
This Is How Much It 'Costs' To Get An Ambassadorship: Guccifer 2.0 Leaks DNC 'Pay-To-Play' Donor List
Liberal hypocrisy at its finest
In light of California's recent decision...
Sanders: "When you're white you don't know what it's like to be poor"
Former Facebook Workers: We Routinely Suppressed Conservative News
Hillary the Philanthropist
France to Shut Down Up to 160 Mosques Used as Terror Centers - The French are raiding mosques and not liking what they are finding: hundreds of war-grade weapons, and large quantities of Kalashnikov ammunition.
WikiLeaks: It Took 12 Clinton Staffers 12 Hours And 10 Drafts To Write One Tweet
LGBT Against Islamaphobia...
The reason people mistrust Hillary Clinton...
Dr. Drew Stripped of CNN Show After Discussing Clinton's Health
Media that ripped Bush on Katrina ignores Obama on La. flooding
A touch of sanity in an insane world.
Your hopeless existence must be so rough
Clinton vs. Carson
Rand Paul dropping out of White House race
Well this makes sense :/
The only question I want to see at the first debate
Socialism in a nut shell(x-post from r/gifs)
Whoops...
If Modern Liberal Websites Had Existed in the Past
Clinton Donations
TIL that President George W. Bush wouldn't leave Washington D.C. until after Christmas so that his staff and Secret Service agents could be with their families on the holiday.
Remember..?
Surprise, surprise - Yale finds Bernie's tax plan will reduce incomes by nearly 13% over 10 years.
IRS Launches Investigation Of Clinton Foundation
Most democrat thing ever
No evidence for Hillary Clinton's claim that ISIS is using videos of Donald Trump as recruiting tool
Liberals in 2015
Rand Paul: Agencies Use It Or Lose It Philosophy On Govt Spending Needs To Stop
the Choice
Monty Python star John Cleese will no longer perform at university campuses as political correctness kills comedy
WOW! Hypocrite Hillary Clinton Used SAME TAX AVOIDANCE LAW as Trump to Save Money on Taxes
George Bush just gave an amazing speech at the Dallas memorial for fallen officers. Unlike Obama's speech today, he had no political agenda, no cheap humor, and aimed to invoke a great sense of pride and honor in the officers this country lost.
That Berns...
Marco Rubio Suspends Campaign!!!
Conservatives visiting /r/politics this week
if elected, i promise to go after wall street bankers..
Jeb Bush is suspending his presidential campaign
It's not a Constitution problem, it's a you problem.
Leaked Emails Show Clinton Campaign Coordinating With Soros Organization
Which one..?
Democratic Delegates Outraged Chick-Fil-A Served At DNC
Pope Francis denounces teaching kids they can choose their gender
Teacher To Be Prosecuted For Calling Mohammed Child Molester - Mohammed married Aisha, six years old at the time of their marriage, and nine years old when they first had sexual relations. Today, anyone caught having sex with a nine year old girl would be arrested and called a paedophile.
Video: Black Lives Matter Rioters Target Whites For Beat Downs
After every single attack carried out by radical Islamic terrorists, President Obama, his administration, and Democrats in general turn around and lecture Americans on being critical of Islam... Every. Single. Time.
FBI: Nearly Three Times More People Stabbed to Death Than Killed With Rifles, Shotguns Combined
Isn't that Nice.
Dem Operative Who Oversaw Trump Rally Agitators Visited White House 342 Times
Johns Hopkins Psychiatrist: Transgendered Men Dont Become Women, They Become Feminized Men, Impersonators
Bernie Sanders campaign caught on video both admitting to and committing voter fraud
FBI Director Comey: We are not recommending charges against Clinton.
ANTI-TRUMP PROTESTERS Admit Answering Craigslist Ad and Getting Paid to Protest Trump
Jack Abramoff: I Was Imprisoned for Same Things Hillary Clinton Has Done
History repeating itself...
Thinking Like a Feminist
Reddit Mods Delete Orlando Posts Because Shooter Was Muslim
Prominent Latino activist Tony Yapias, who criticized Trump's comments about Mexican rapists, has been charged with rape
U.S. Supreme Justice Antonin Scalia found dead at West Texas ranch
Study: Liberal professors outnumber conservatives 12 to 1
Japan not taking in refugees; says it must look after its citizens first
45% of Democrats favor a temporary ban on non-U.S. Muslims if Donald Trumps name is not mentioned, opposed to 25% when his name is mentioned
Mizzou student body president admits to spreading false rumor KKK was on campus
Clinton Accepts $20 Million From Planned Parenthood
Leo's liberal hypocrisy
Professional Atheist Dawkins: Christianity "Bulwark Against Something Worse." "There are no Christians, as far as I know, blowing up buildings, I am not aware of any Christian suicide bombers. I am not aware of any major Christian denomination that believes the penalty for apostasy is death.
CAUGHT ON CAMERA: Clinton Staffer Says I Could Grab [Her
George... REKT
'Don't Let Anyone Ever Tell You That This Country Isn't Great,' Says Michelle Obama, Who Once Said She Wasn't Proud Of Her Country
Obama is FIRST PRESIDENT EVER to Not See Single Year of 3% GDP Growth
Donald Trump has rented space at an Urbandale movie theater and will give Iowans free tickets to a showing of the Benghazi movie that critics of Hillary Clinton have been eagerly awaiting.
Cruz offers to help Trump prep for next debate
The awful truth...
Remember, don't judge...
They do remind me of hypocritical crybabies...
Kasich drops out of the race
Joe Biden says in 1992 that the president shouldnt name a SCOTUS nominee once the political season is underway
Amnesty...
Cruz: "If Im elected president, we will secure the border, we will triple the border patrol, we will get a wall that works, and Ill get Donald Trump to pay for it, the Texas senator said. The billionaire wasnt offended though, he laughed and said Ill build it!
If Titanic sunk in 2016
Mysterious deaths surround Hillary and Bill Clinton, for their entire Political Careers.
Ben Shapiro absolutely wrecks Black Lives Matter activists on income inequality and institutional racism.
"To call this election a dumpster fire is far too cruel to dumpster fires which at least destroy garbage rather than making them president." -Ben Shapiro
Piers Morgan
Let's not condemn...
Hilarious! Thoughts on Bernie Sanders' policies from the Libertarian candidate for Governor of Florida, Adrian Wyllie.
CNNs Sally Kohn: Its good if conservatives feel unable to speak on campus
Hillary Clinton 'Hide It' mobile app game banned by Apple; titles like 'Punch Trump' approved
Trump: As president, I would prosecute Clinton
Muslim Refugee Rapes 10 Year-Old Girl In Minneapolis
IT'S OFFICIAL: Targeted Conservative, Steven Crowder Files Legal Motion Against Facebook
Bernie Sanders supporters in a nutshell (x-post from Libertarian)
/r/news mods are actively banning people for posting information on Orlando terror attack, now the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history
Liberals
MU professor Melissa Click, who called for muscle to remove reporter, charged with assault
Paul Ryan says U.S. taxes on small businesses is 44.6 percent, versus 15 percent in Canada (Politifact Rating: TRUE)
NEW EMAIL shows Pentagon ASKED Hillary to LET THEM send help to Benghazi, proving Leon Panetta LIED!!
This Will Be The End Of Trumps Campaign, Says Increasingly Nervous Man For Seventh Time This Year - The Onion
We need everyone to be equal
Don't worry!
Black Conservative Destroys Mexican Flag Carrying Protester: If Your Country Is So GreatWhy Are You Here?
Painful: White House Can't Name One Mass Shooting That Would Have Been Stopped By New Gun Laws
Texas Senator Ted Cruz Wins Iowa's Republican Caucus
An inconvenient truth...
I was quite surprised to see this on the front page of Imgur
How the Trump protesters should have been handled.
Saw this on /r/cringe. Reporter asks white guy at anti-illegal immigration protest if he is a racist, and gets absolutely annihilated.
Democrats sue to get Donald Trump off Minnesota ballots - Here's your voter suppression.
History Made...
Facebook ADMITS to censoring Conservative websites while freely promoting left-wing ones
Then & Now
Communist Party USA Endorses Hillary; Media Yawns
CNN racism: "Trump wants GOP to court blacks- then calls against voter rights for felons"
Rep. Gohmert: If Orlando Was About Guns, Then 'Boston Was About a Pressure Cooker'
Washington Post: Millennials like socialism  until they get jobs
Things you'll never see...
Rand Paul is readying a bill that would put a moratorium on refugees from up to 30 countries with jihadist movements
Two years ago Michael Brown died, and a movement based on lies was born
Dear Walmart, someone insulted me in one of your stores. Your CEO must now resign
Rigging the Election - Video I: Clinton Campaign and DNC Incite Violence at Trump Rallies
HIDDEN CAM: NYC Democratic Election Commissioner admits voter fraud does indeed exist
Gun control in a nutshell.
'We consider this an act of terrorism': Suspected Islamic extremist shoots dead at least 20 dead at Florida gay club after bursting in 'wearing a suicide vest' and taking hostages - injuring a further 42
Study: 40% of Sanders' Web Traffic Comes From Reddit
The HuffPo's Dilemma (x-post from r/funny)
Hot Mic Catches MSNBC Reporter Telling Clinton Campaign What Questions to Expect
Detroit black radio host pulled from air for being Trump supporter
Hillary: "There should be no bank too big to fail and no individual too big to jail"
1944 vs 2015
The Perfect Home for Liberals
#NeverHillary
Oklahoma university president: School is not a day care or safe space
About that famous liberal tolerance ...
Long Island Teacher Disciplined after Calling Pro-Trump Students Racist
How times have changed...
California: Muslim with sword chases down neighbor screaming, I would die and kill for Allah
Weren't Christians the target of Easter Bombing in Lahore, Pakistan? - The State Department refuses to acknowledge it. Pakistan denies it. The Taliban proclaim it.
Consistent As Always...
Cruz to Obama: Insult me to my face -- "Let's have a debate on Syrian refugees right now," Cruz said, directing his remarks to Obama. "We can do it anywhere you want. I prefer it in the United States and not overseas where you're making the insults."
Clinton: 'We didn't lose a single person' in Libya
Look! Donald Trump just called some girl fat!!
John Kasich Came in Fourth in a Three Man Race
Bernie and Al
Amen
Mike Rowe responds when Bernie Sanders insults half of America
Liberal tolerance: Man in Trump Hat Is Beaten and Chased by San Diego Protesters Before Finding Safety With the Police
The man has a point...
Then & Now...
German Leader: We Need A Right To Bear Arms
Maher: The More You Know About Islam, The More Afraid Of It You Are, Intolerant Christians 'Really Aren't a Problem'
Nancy Reagan has passed away
Shocked!
Winston Churchill on Socialism
Bodycam Shows Black Milwaukee Officer Shot Suspect Who Was Raising Gun
Politico Admits Fabricating A Hit Piece On Ben Carson
This is who Obama blames for gun violence
Just what we need...
Good Guy Barack Obama
The problem..
John Kasich's path to the nomination...
They do, don't they?
'I'm Not in the Habit of Supporting People Who Attack My Wife and Father': Cruz Defends Trump Non-Endorsement
Libertarian Presidential Candidate Austin Petersen on Twitter: "I believe in a world where gay married couples are free to protect their marijuana fields with fully automatic machine guns. #freedom"
One of these things is not like the others...
Tim Kaine Holds Rally and Only 30 People Show Up!
They're not rigged!
Islamic Professor: Muslims Can Rape Non-Muslim Women to Humiliate Them
The Daily Show Fails to Net Emmy Nomination For First Time in 15 Years
Free Sh*t
Laila Alawa, Muslim who said 9/11 changed the world for good, is on Homeland Security Advisory Council - the same one recommending that the DHS avoid using Muslim terminology like the words sharia and jihad when discussing terrorism.
In 2013, liberal news site Salon.com praised Venezuela's economic reforms
Remembering Liberal stupidity a year later
Black Lives Matter Co-Founder: 'All Lives Matter' a Racial Slur, 'White Folks Gotta Give Up Something'
The perfect rebuttal to a liberal that says "thoughts and prayers" are pointless
The average Bernie Sanders Supporter
Is being transgender a mental illness? World Health Organization text suggests so
Donald Trump Tells "Black Lives Matter" Protester To Get The Hell Out (Birmingham, AL) [1:57
That didn't take them long..
I usually keep quiet on facebook, but I couldn't help myself
You can't fix stupid
CNN/ORC Poll: Trump 45%, Clinton 43%
It's Pretty Clear Clinton Does Not Think Americans Have a Constitutional Right to Guns
Obama admin budgets $17K for every illegal alien minor entering the country from Central America this year. That's more than they budget for each Social Security recipient who actually paid into that system.
Cruz Calls for End to US Refugee Program Following Terror Attacks
Democrats then vs Democrats now
Clintons Subpoenaed Emails Were Wiped With BleachBit After a Conference Call With Her Top Aides  This Is Criminal Conduct
Regardless of who you support for the Republican nomination, can we please take a moment to savor the liberal tears and butthurt?
WikiLeaks: More evidence Obama knew and lied about Hillary's email server
What has the Democrat party become?
Oh for fucks sake
Moderator Removed From Popular Subreddit For Being A Trump Supporter
I'm looking at you Bernie clowns
Belgian vice PM admits: Muslims celebrated in the streets after Brussels jihad massacre, media ignored them
Maher Blasts Emory Students Triggered by Trump: I Want to Dropkick These Kids
Bernie Sanders tax rates infographic
Juanita Broaddrick: "I was 35 years old when Bill Clinton, Ark. Attorney General raped me and Hillary tried to silence me. I am now 73....it never goes away."
What does it mean..?
How ESPN Went from Americas Sports Network to That Guy in the Bar Who Wont Shut Up About Politics
Rape Hoaxer Lena Dunham To Speak At Democratic National Convention
BLM woman claimed 1,975 hours of overtime 'working' for a student union resulting in a severance payment of $277k. College is now suing her for the fraud.
Spot on.
Clinton-Connected Pennsylvania AG Found Guilty of 9 Felonies
Drink this...
The goal now: Crush Hillary
Trump announcement today shook the Obama Administration to the core
Washington Redskins Trademark Ban Ruled Unconstitutional
SJW (OC)
Perfect solution for the controversial bathroom law
Ben Shapiro just posted this on facebook
Ted Cruz said that if he is elected president, he would leave an empty seat at the State of the Union address to represent the over 50 million unborn children killed since Roe. (In response to Obama announcing he would leave an empty seat to honor the victims of gun violence.)
Scott Adams on Twitter: "The anti-Trumpers with Mexican flags, and violence, are making a deeply persuasive argument for deportation."
Eagles of Death Metal frontman speaks out about the Paris attacks, says "liberal mentality" allowed them to happen. "I saw Muslims celebrating in the street during the attack. I saw it with my own eyes." The band has now been banned from several French festivals as a resut.
/r/politics is melting down over the DNC email scandal: mods accused of suppressing story
BREAKING: John Kerry Determines ISIS Has Committed Genocide Against Christians
Hah! Liberal Reporter Tries to Buy AR15 - Gets Denied For Violent Past
Media
96% of Clinton's Charitable Donations Went to Clinton Family Foundation
Venuzuela + a bit of Socialism
The difference between Democrats and Republicans
Liberal hypocrisy
Oh, Bernie!
You Idiot.
The power of a sign
Bernie Sanders Calls for All Guns Not Used Specifically for Hunting to be Outlawed!
The New Trump Logo
Mother of ten-year-old boy raped in Austrian swimming pool by Iraqi who said it was 'a sexual emergency' says she regrets telling her children 'migrants need our help'
Clinton sent classified material over email after leaving State Department
Liberals... then and now...
Yeah, some jokes just aren't funny
"I was 35 years old when Bill Clinton, Ark. Attorney General raped me and Hillary tried to silence me. I am now 73....it never goes away."
Ben Shapiro: Cruz Enters To Standing Ovation, Booed Off Stage After Refusing To Endorse Trump
Liberal Jennifer Lawrence accuses herself, with her own double standards
Deal Breaker
This sums it up..?
Another consistent Liberal...
Bernie Sanders & Health Care
Hillary Calls Bernie Supporters Losers Who Live In Their Parents Basements
How The Left Created Donald Trump - "Voters like Donald Trump not so much because they hate Mexicans and Muslims, but because they hate progressives."
Johns Hopkins Psychiatrist: Transgender is Mental Disorder;' Sex Change Biologically Impossible
DiCaprio takes private jet extra 8,000 miles to collect environmental award
Liberals: 2009 vs. 2016...
Missouri professor Melissa Click fired
Not so smart...
Not guilty!
I am Ben Shapiro, AMA
Police officer: Trump protesters were the most hateful, evil people Ive ever seen
College in a nutshell
Liberal pundits concede: Mike Pence won the vice-presidential debate
Let's change it..
FBI Now Has Solid Evidence To Convict Hillary Clinton, Says Judge Andrew Napolitano
ALL women, Hillary, unless your name is Paula Jones, Monica Lewinsky, Gennifer Flowers, Juanita Broaddrick, or Gennifer Flowers...
ACLU Leader quits after daughter sees men in women's room. It is all good in theory, isn't it?
Nigerian Islamists Burning 86 Children Alive Met with Obama Silence
Jason Chaffetz on Twitter: "FBI Dir just informed me, "The FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation." Case reopened"
It Turns Out Hillary Clinton Is The Only Presidential Candidate With Ties To The KKK
HOW IS IT RACIST To Want Closed Borders And Protect Citizens From Terrorists?
Good Choice Bill
Taco Bell fires employee who refused to serve cops (x-post from /r/tacobell)
NRA vs HuffPo
Obama is the first President not to see a single year of at least 3% growth...(and that's after 2 terms in office!)
College student fired from job after criticizing Mizzou, Black Lives Matter online
ANOTHER MYSTERIOUS DEATH: Activist and Sanders Supporter Who Served Papers to DNC on Fraud Case Found Dead
Flashback: Obama Says Adding $4 Trillion to the Debt Is "Unpatriotic" - Before He Goes Out and Adds $10 Trillion to Debt
Obama on Hillary, 2008
Madame Hillary
Bernie Sanders Asked About Failures of Socialism in Venezuela and Refuses to Comment
Where Socialism Works...
Megyn Kelly refuses to say the name of the Fort Hood shooter and focuses her segment on the victims in order to not give into the shooter's desire for infamy. This won my respect for her.
ONE MILLION MUSLIMS Attend Funeral of Terrorist Who Assassinated Moderate Lawmaker Who Defended Christians (VIDEO)
German government admits it cannot account for 600,000 of its 1.1 million refugees
Indiana intruduces bill: Hire Illegals, Lose Your Business License
Mizzou professor who called for 'muscle' suspended
Vet to Hillary: Id be in prison for doing what you did with classified information
Riddle me this?
Last Supper...
As a former Sanders supporter, I have finally come to terms with myself and have acknowledged the fact that I am a Conservative. The constant, tireless non-stop Pro-Sanders posts and comments virtually everywhere on Reddit helped me see this.
Progressives assault homeless black woman protecting Trump's Hollywood Star.
How Many Transgenders In America? 0.006% = About 20,000. Total.
Poll: 94% of Americans think the media is full of shit
This is sadly true
On This Day in History: March 17, 2008: Hillary Clinton lied about coming under Bosnian sniper fire as First Lady.
Red Pope Francis: Donald Trump isn't a Christian because real Christians build bridges, not walls. Meanwhile, the Pope lives in a city-state that allows no immigration and is surrounded by enormous walls.
Woman Backtracks on Assault Claim After O'Keefe Video
CNN/ORC Trump: 44 Clinton: 39 Johnson: 9 Stein: 3
Reddit Mods Censor Story of Refugee Centre Worker Killed
Germany shocked by Cologne New Year gang assaults on women (Labeled as "Not Appropriate Subreddit by /r/WorldNews)
The FBI found 15,000 emails Hillary Clinton didnt turn over. Uh oh.
Milwaukee Public Schools has included nearly a half million dollars for "Black Lives Matter" in its list of expenditures included the 2017 budget proposal it published in Wednesday's Milwaukee Journal Sentinel:
Planned Parenthood was right wing terror, but with Islam suddenly motives dont matter
Gun Violence Declining, Except in Gun-Free Zones
SHOCKER: Most Dangerous Cities In America Are All RUN BY DEMOCRATS
If high cigarette taxes help prevent smoking, what do high business taxes prevent?
#BlackLivesMatter Protesters Disrupt Students in Library: F*ck You, You Filthy White F*cks!
Ted Cruz Lets Loose on Why He's Standing by Trump: "Hillary Clinton Is an Absolute Disaster"
Venezuela, the country with the largest proven reserves of oil, is on the verge of collapse. Congrats socialism, you've done it again.
CNN Headline News blurs out a man's Trump for President shirt while explaining how he saved a baby from a hot car
KKK Grand Dragon Endorses Hillary Clinton
SJW's - they live
Bernie Sanders Buys His Third Home for $600K
San Francisco Quarterback Colin Kaepernick was booed when he entered the field in San Diego on Friday night.
Bernie Sanders Bashes Uber, Uses It For All His Taxi Rides
Black Oberlin Students Demand To Be Paid $8.20/Hour For Their Rioting; Also Want Blacks-Only Segregated "Safe-Spaces"
Who thinks the people should own guns?
Camille Paglia: Transgender Mania is a Symptom of Cultural Collapse - I think that the transgender propagandists make wildly inflated claims about the multiplicity of gender,..'ultimately, every single cell in the human body, the DNA in that cell, remains coded for your biological birth.'
Springsteen acted in the exact manner a baker did in Refusing to Bake a Cake due to deeply held personal beliefs, yet they were Fined and he is Celebrated
Fact-checking Bernie Sanders' comments on climate change and terrorism-Mostly False
Rifle capable of taking down helicopter found at 'El Chapo' hideout purchased through Fast and Furious program
Scalia: "I don't care about my legacy. I'm gonna be gone in great joy or in great pain, one or the other, and it's gonna matter very little to me whether I'm being praised or damned in this world. The legacy doesn't matter but what matters is the Constitution."
State Department: Hillary Clinton received $500k worth of jewelry from Saudi king
Lester Holt shows he doesnt know the meaning of impartial
"I have decided that on Election Day, I will vote for the Republican nominee, Donald Trump." -- Ted Cruz
The Best Debate...
'Hillary's America' Becomes Top Grossing Documentary of 2016
WATCH: Crowd Cheers Clinton's Call To 'Raise Taxes On The Middle Class'
This gem was deleted in /r/worldnews, saw it in /r/The Donald and passed it on here.
Facebook Concludes Internal Investigation ... Declares Itself Not Guilty!
Your guide as to when a candidate's children are 'fair game'
Hillary Was Late to Her Debate Because She Wouldnt Pee in a Public Restroom
Actor Adam Baldwin Quits Twitter For Good in Protest of the Platform Censoring Conservatives
Judges and juries keep acquitting the cops that Black Lives Matter call racist
Google/Youtube, Microsoft, Twitter, and Facebook Vow to Eliminate "Hate Speech" - The problem with this is that they assume that hate speech is an entity that can be identified objectively, when actually it is a subjective judgment based on ones own political preconceptions.
The Onion: Conservative Acquaintance Annoyingly Not Racist
UN-EFFING-BELIEVABLE! Mizzou protesters are ANGRY Paris terror attacks stole their MEDIA SPOTLIGHT!!!
Clinton Foundation pays female execs 38% less than male counterparts
Wikipedia Removes Orlando Shooting From 'Islamist Terror Attack' List
Evil...
Far right
Happy Birthday, Mr. President
Bernonomics...
Oh there's no media bias
Leftist student walkout backfired when students eager to hear the lecture immediately filled the vacated seats.
U Houston Student VP Suspended Over #AllLivesMatter Facebook Post
My fellow americans..
MSNBC's 'No-Fly List is Islamophobia' Poster Boy Arrested in Turkey As Part of ISIS Cell
What Hillary *really* believes in...
Deficit attention disorder...
Breaking news from CNN about Ben Carson!
GAMECHANGER: New WikiLeaks Confirms Hillary DELIBERATELY, Criminally Deleted Emails
Black Lives Matter Activists Who Were Arrested For Attacking A White-Hispanic Marine After Calling Him "Racist" Won't Be Charged With A Hate Crime
"Women shouldn't get equal pay unless they do as good a job as men," Hilary Clinton quoting Donald Trump
Google Hides Popular Hillary Clinton Health Searches
Cops Walk Off Job at Minneapolis Arena After WNBA Players Wear 'Black Lives Matter' Shirts
UC Berkeley students hold protest after University refuses to pay $5 million to cover cost of tuition for illegal immigrant students
U.S. Rep Tom Cole (R-Okla.): So its pretty amazing to me were worried about what Donald Trump says instead of what Hillary Clinton did
Milo Yiannopoulos accepts Ben Shapiro's debate challenge
"The Snake". As read by Donald Trump. With video.
Wearing Dont Tread on Me insignia could be punishable racial harassment
Job Interview
Silly Americans...
My annual salary is $50,000. The government takes about 1/3 of that. So tell me again, how the 1% is screwing me over?
Ben Carson plans to endorse Trump
Conservative student resigns campus job after faculty bosses call him obstacle to safe space
University Challenge: SJW Edition
Sanity wins: School tosses principals ban on Santa, Pledge of Allegiance
Remember the Media Freak Out and calling Obama a liar for his factual errors in his biography? Yeah, me neither.
Remember when...
Chipping Away..
12 reasons I voted Democratic...
No, Ben Carson Didn't Lie About West Point. It's Another Media Hit Job.
Standard recent college graduate
Obama: "In order to realize the promise of the UN, the US must give up freedoms"
Mike Rowe blasting liberals for their mockery of "uneducated white males."
Dr. Carson: Dems Play the Race Card Like Little Children Having a Temper Tantrum
MRW Bernie supporters say they won't vote for Hillary if she wins the nomination
FBI Successfully Recovers Hillary Clintons Deleted Emails
Huge sums of cash...
Liberal Site Becomes Internet Laughingstock After Writing About Grenade Launcher Mod to AR-15
After Prop 47 essentially decriminalized small property crime in California, shoplifting is up 15%
Endorsed
During Reagan's presidency, Bernie Sanders participated in a deeply anti-American protest on foreign soil that was organized by a Soviet-backed Communist strongman.
CNN Caught Selectively-Editing Trumps Muslim Comments
Common sense regarding Russia
Lawsuit: Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer led illegal purge of male workers
You can't make this stuff up
60 Minutes crew repeatedly attacked within minutes of entering Muslim neighborhood in Sweden
Pew: 65% of Americans Don't Trust Media
The Democrat plot to make Hillary seem like a good choice.
Rand Paul Recommends Prison Sentence for Hillary Clinton
Rachel Maddow on "Rights"
Yelp was right to fire entitled millennial who whined about salary online
Democrat Corruption is Much Worse Than Trump
Democrats Agree Trump's Accusers Should Be Believed. So, Here's a Full List of Every One of Bill Clinton's.
Trump: Maybe Obama Would Have Gone to Scalias Funeral If It Were Held in a Mosque
Jason Chaffetz Makes FBI ADMIT That They Covered Up Hillary Clinton's LIES
Anti-Gun Democrat State Senator Arrested In Ferguson Carrying A 9mm
Black Lives Matter Protesters Spit On American Flag
STATE DEPT. SAYS $400 MILLION CASH PAYMENT TO IRAN WAS CONTINGENT ON AMERICAN PRISONERS' RELEASE
CafePress: Anti-Hillary Merchandise Outselling Anti-Trump Gear by over 814 Percent
Remember that time...
What a joke she is...
Nobel Peace Prize Winning Obama Has Been At War Longer Than Any Other American President In History
Liberals Demand Google Refuse To Cover Republican Convention In July
Promises, promises ...
15 Year Old Boy Was Stabbed To Death By Arab Migrant Because He Was Protecting Young Girl From Sex Assault
Hold it right there!
Bernie Sanders, The Bum Who Wants Your Money - "It took him **40 years** to collect his first steady paycheck  and it was a government check." - "Has as much as $65k of credit card debt"
ISIS carries out Good Friday crucifixion of Catholic priest Tom Uzhunnalil in Yemen
Nice job...
Carter Banned Iranians from Coming to US During Hostage Crisis
Firefighter Who Failed Fitness Tests Injures Herself 10 Days Into Job
Found this in a Playboy from the 80s and it still rings true
Alabama Governor: Syrian Refugees Can't Come to Alabama
Happy Independence Day UK!!
I teach economics. If any of my freshmen students were to submit to me a paper on the minimum wage as full of errors as the New York Timess recent plea for a New York statewide minimum of $15 per hour, those students would receive a solid F.
Sheriff David Clarke: 'The Only Person Safe in a Gun-Free Zone Is the Criminal'
Facebook Silencing Donald Trump Supporters With 30-Day Bans While Allowing Anti-Semitic Groups To Thrive.
Now Muslims Are Offended By People Saying 'F*ck ISIS' And Police Are Calling It 'Incitement'
Boehner: Cruz is 'Lucifer in the flesh'
Trump has 2-point edge in new Florida poll
Leftists Create Super PAC to Discourage White Males from Running for Office - "a political action project that aims to dis/empower and dis/incline people in positions of privilege, specifically straight white men, from ambitions of running for office in progressive urban districts."
FINALLY: Democrats and Republicans Find Common Cause; Both Conventions Roar "Lock Her Up"
University of Toronto Temporarily Dumps Transgender Bathrooms After Peeping Incidents - Male students within the Universitys Whitney Hall student residence were caught holding their cellphones over female students shower stalls and filming them as they showered.
Melissa Click: One Bad Professor Fired, Thousands To Go
Hillary refuses to answer indictment question at Dem debate
Iowa Dem Who Won't Release Caucus Results Has "HRC 2016" License Plate (and was a top donor, held a large private fundraiser, and was her Iowa campaign co-chair in 2008) - Top Post of Front Page and /r/Politics with 5,875 points (94% upvoted), just Removed for 'Not Exact Title' (See the link below)
3 Female Jihadists Tried to Blow Up Notre Dame Cathedral. FLASHBACK: Obama Mocks Republicans for Fearing 'Widows'
Left wing logic
FBI documents reveal Obama used a pseudonym in emails with Clinton
English Doctors Have Gone on Strike In Emergency Rooms
Bernie and his bird
The Clinton Quandary
L.A. Times Stunned by Diversity of Volunteers at Trump H.Q.
Smashing Pumpkins' Billy Corgan: Social Justice Groups Are 'Shutting Down Free Speech'
Video: In 2008 Obama Ripped Bush For Not Visiting New Orleans After Katrina
Sarah Silverman thinks only whites can be serial killers.
Ben Carson suspends campaign
NARAL Attacks Doritos Ultrasound Super Bowl Ad For Humanizing Fetuses
Mass Sexual Assault Covered Up In Sweden, Too
Christian Baker Has Home Damaged and Son Threatened with Rape After Refusing to Bake Gay Wedding Cake
With The Democrats, Everyone Wins
Germany: Muslim screaming Allahu akbar kills one, wounds 3 at train station, BBC says motive unclear
Good News
Ouch... This Has to Bern
'Absolutely corrupt': State Department convinces judge to delay release of 14,900 new Hillary Clinton emails until AFTER Election Day
CNN President Ludicrously Claims Network is 'Truly Fair And Balanced'
Bastiat on socialists
Donald Trump Calls for Permanently Banning Taxpayer Funding of Abortions
Iran Ransom Payment: President Obama Broke the Law by Sending Cash to Iran
Dress for the job you want...
Netanyahu: 'The Terrorists Have No Resolvable Grievances' - "It's not as if we could offer them Brussels or Istanbul or California or even the West Bank...Their basic demand is that we should simply disappear."
r/politics is why r/conservative is necessary
When Bernie Fans Lecture a Former USSR Citizen About Socialism, Boy Does He Have a Reality Check
If it saves one life...
Trump corrects NBC: Clinton, Lewinsky affair not 'alleged'
Ten Minutes of CNN Cutting Off People Who Dare Criticize Hillary
Mike Rowe Calls Out Bernie Sanders for Suggesting The Only Alternative to College Is Jail
Who is to blame?
EASTER MASSACRE! At Least 53 DEAD After Suicide Bomber Targets Christians Celebrating Easter in Lahore Park
The concept of irony is lost on Planned Parenthood's SuperPAC.
Trey Gowdy - Hillary Clinton Can Release All 650,000 Emails TODAY if She Wants Transparency
Liberal Logic...
If she wins...
Did Bernie Sanders just send the 'most economically illiterate tweet ever'?
Google deems Bernie Sanders' economic plan a 'phishing scam'
Memorial Day Tribute
Liberalism Is A Mental Disorder: Michael Moore excuses Bernie Sanders for losing big on Super Tuesday by saying that it "was not a real election because so many black citizens were prohibited from voting." But exit polls show that black voters overwhelmingly went for Hillary.
No hypocrisy here...
51% of millenials reject capitalism. Seriously getting worried here.
Catholic College Employee Investigated By Police For Saying There Are Only Two Genders
Too big to jail...
Political insider - Secret Service Agent Says "Good Morning" To Hillary - She Responds with "F--k off"
Oh so this is what hell is like.
Obama's teleprompter fails mid-speech while bashing Trump, becomes nervous wreck. Sad!
Big Pharma Company That Raised EpiPen Price 400% Has Connection to Clinton Foundation
German Finance Minister: Sorry, The Entire Budget Surplus Has Been Earmarked For Immigrants
Brave Man Chooses To Self-Identify As Man
Hillary Clinton contradicting herself for 14 minutes straight. (SFW Version)
Basketball star Bryce Dejean-Jones is the media's latest "victim of gun violence" after breaking into a Texas man's apartment and getting shot for it.
The head of one of the best universities in the world says that affirmative action means 'lower standards'
Muslim nanny who beheaded 4-year-old, paraded head while screaming Allahu akbar wont face trial: shes insane
Poll - Trump beats Hillary by three points in hypothetical general election match-up 47-44. Cruz beats her 50-43. Rubio beats her 50-41. Jeb only ties her 44-44. 62% of voters believe Hillary is a liar, including 79% of independents and even 28% of Democrats.
University Bans Conservative Pundit Ben Shapiro From Speaking on Campus
Huckabee Rips #NeverTrump: If Youre Not Going to Support Voters Choice, Leave the GOP
Liberal Logic
Milo Yiannopoulos starts a scholarship program exclusively for white men - The Privilege Grant
Way to build bridges...
23 dead, 35 wounded reported in multiple terrorist attacks, including explosions in Brussels, Belgium. More casualties probable.
Concealed Handgun Permit Holders Stop Four Violent Crimes in Five Days
Feel The Bern
RAPPER Who Met With Obama In White House To Strategize, Tweets Threat: Dear white people if Trump wins young niggas such as myself are fully hell bent on inciting riots everywhere we go
Chuck Schumer In 2007: 'We Should Not Confirm Any Bush Nominee To The Supreme Court'
Should false rape accusers be sued?
Millennials bolt from socialism once they become employed and start making money
Basically everything Bernie Sanders is saying
2Breaking: Smoking gun showing Obama Lied to the American public about HRC email server and when he found out. MSM claims Obama never stated he found out via the press. Here's proof that he did.
Hillary Defense...
Flashback: Gays Must Die Says Speaker At Orlando Mosque Apr 6, 2016
Why Socialism Fails
ESPN Goes Full Orwell and Erases Sports History: Edits Schillings Bloody Sock Game Out of Red Sox Versus Yankees Documentary
Illegal Immigrants Demanding In-State Tuition Lose at GA Supreme Court
New "Barbie" doll...
White House Says Assault Weapons Ban Would Have Stopped Shooting In California Where Assault Weapons Are Already Banned
Trump releases Supreme Court picks
Methods of time travel...
That's the plan?!?
MLK III insists his father would condemn destructive Black Lives Matter protests
Socialist starter pack
Background checks...
Milo asks Time's Joel Stein "Why are all the victims liberals?" - this is a pretty funny confrontation as Milo asks why it's only far left women dealing with online harassment that get profiled. He points out conservative women get a ton of online harassment.
Dr. Paul has some words for Rubio on the Omnibus.
I don't get it, either...
Moving where if Trump wins?
How Reddit Ruined The Hillary Clinton Campaign
Lock Her Up Chants Made Clinton Feel Sad - Washington Wire
Gun Control Has Never Been Helpful
Open Borders Hypocrite Mark Zuckerberg Turns His House Into A Fortress
How Obama creates jobs by destroying the coal industry...
Video surfaces of Bernie Sanders praising breadlines and food rationing
Sanders gets destroyed in New York Daily News interview. Displays real lack of knowledge about the free market and the power of the executive.
Dear Bernie Sanders, Sorry I'm The Problem With America
Remember, when people say we have a moral obligation to take more refugees. China, the world's second largest economy has entire ghost cities sitting empty.
Trumps Business record is dissected. Let's look at HRC record in U.S. Senate. Hillary Clinton got ONE bill she sponsored written into law. The renaming of a building. She NEVER EVEN ATTEMPTED to pass legislation helping women or children.
Anti-gun professor Heidi Czerwiec at the University of North Dakota dialed 911 in absolute fear when she spotted 2 figures in camo with guns outside her classroom. It was just ROTC cadets performing an exercise. I guess Ill be calling 911 for the next couple weeksand I will. Every time.
FBI chief James Comey and his investigators are increasingly certain presidential nominee Hillary Clinton violated laws
'We're done': CNN cuts off conservative guest's microphone
New York Times Finally Admits Assault Weapons Are A Myth
Report: FBI Agents Privately Believe Lynch, Clinton Struck An Inside Deal
Blue Lives Matter is boycotting Ben & Jerry's for its support of Black Lives Matter
As Obama Prepares To Speak In Dallas, Police Blame Him For Attack
Ben Carson to tell supporters he sees no path forward for campaign, skip debate.
Jamie Foxx: blacks need to #actbetter to win Oscar
Rob Lowe on Twitter (1.22M followers) Watching Bernie Sanders. He's hectoring and yelling at me WHILE he's saying he's going to raise our taxes. Interesting way to communicate.
Where Is Liberal Rage Over Mass Shooting In New Orleans?
If you're under 40, the biggest gender pay gap is experienced by men
Trump wins all 5 contests tonight by massive margins
Poll: 44% of Democrats Would Welcome Refugees from Agrabah, Home of Disneys Aladdin
Professor raised under communism explains academics' love of socialism  and why they're wrong
Ben Shapiro Destroys the Concept of White Privilege
Jon Stewart, Whoopi Goldberg, and Al Sharpton vow to leave the United States if Trump elected. He should make this into an ad.
[BREAKING
450 Of 452 Suicide Attacks In 2015 Were Conducted By Muslim Terrorists
He fought in World War II. He died in 2014. And he just registered to vote in Virginia.
Thomas Sowell: Thomas Sowell: "People like Hillary Clinton can simply grab a statistic about male-female income differences and run with it, since her purpose is not truth but votes."
NBC, CNN Blame France for Disenfranchisement and Isolation of Muslims
It absolutely astounds me how many of you would accept a Clinton presidency over Trump
Charlie Hebdo is condemned as 'bigoted and racist' for latest editorial suggesting that the fear of being labelled Islamophobic is stopping criticism of Muslims and aiding terrorists
Harvard Law Newspaper Editor says "No" to Students Asking Him to Censor Conservative Op-eds
Ted Cruz on religious liberty: You have a right not to participate, but not to silence everyone!
Ron Paul calls Black Lives Matter a racially divisive group that doesn't understand economics
Black Lives Matter blocks yet another ambulance trying to reach a very sick baby.
Overwhelming Evidence That Obamacare Caused Premiums To Increase Substantially
Records show hundreds of dead people voting in California ( Dead Lefties Voting ! )
"Because you'd be in Jail"
I pledge a stronger economy and more new jobs!
My friend shared this on Facebook...I have no words.
RAPEFUGEES NOT WELCOME: Thousands Take To Cologne Streets To Protest Migrant Sex Attacks
Muslim ACLU Official: I Emphatically Refuse to Condemn Islamic Terrorism
POLL: San Diego Residents Willing To Pay $4,000 Extra In Taxes To Deport Illegals
Do the wave...
American Muslim Man Beats His Teenage Daughter Because She's Not Wearing A Hijab
Bernie Sanders Socialism Attracts Economic Illiterates
Cruz Calls Trump's Bluff: Please Sue Me For Defamation, "I Will Depose You Myself"
Fact Check: PolitiFact Caught Lying About Donald Trump
David Clarke, Milwaukee sheriff: 'Progressive left has put my citizens in harm's way'
Trump fires back at Clinton over Muslim ban: 'Ask Hillary who blew up the plane last night.' The fact that Hillary thinks the temporary Muslim ban, which she calls the Muslim ban, promotes terrorism, proves Bernie Sanders was correct when he said she is not qualified to be President."
Get the new Hillary Clinton doll for Christmas...
Just a modern political cartoon
Hillary Clinton failed to report several hacking attempts:
Princeton Prof: Transgenderism Not Scientific, Superstitious Belief
More Americans View Blacks As Racist Than Whites, Hispanics
Obama Administration Enabling Noncitizen Voting; DOJ Conflict of Interest
FBI confirms Hillary under investigation
A 25 year old Muslim convert from New York has been arrested for supporting ISIS and planning a New Years Eve attack.
The Left's Furious That GOP Platform Uses 'All Human Beings,' Rejects Identity Politics
Man Shoots at Intruders, Turns Out it was a No-Knock Raid. Now He Faces the Death Penalty - Counter Current News
ICE: 124 illegal immigrants freed from jail later charged in 138 murder cases
I own BernieSanders.co
Sanders campaign staffers caught admitting to voter fraud on video in NH.
Rand Paul Introduces Bill to Block Obama from Executive Action on Gun Control
Donald Trump: ""While Hillary calls you deplorable and irredeemable, I call you hard-working Americans"
"Progressive" Logic
Wash Post: 90% of Native Americans Not Offended By Redskins
Bernie Sanders version of monopoly.
NY Daily News: San Bernardino victim deserved to die for being conservative
#GayLivesMatter
A new idea...
Donald J. Trump on Twitter: "Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie, or my supporters will go to yours!"
Communism Killed 94M in 20th Century, Feels Need to Kill Again
Muslim Solidarity
CNN Edits Out Milwaukee Police Shooting Victims Sister Calling For Violence [VIDEO
Boo Bernie! Sanders delegates boo Bernie and chant "Lock her up!" at DNC convention.
Then & Now
The Bernie Bro Dilemma
Free Education anyone?
John Oliver on online harassment: It's a problem until it's directed at someone he disagrees with
Young, Black Kid Writes Op-Ed About Supporting Trump. 'Adults' React by Calling Him a House N**ger
Ted Cruz says he has 'serious concerns' about FBI director's integrity
Is it a boy or is it a girl?
German Cops Are BANNED From Detaining Migrants
Donald Trump: Hillary Says I'm Dangerous When "She's Caused So Many Deaths"
Mike Ditka: 'Obama Is the Worst President We've Ever Had'
Hillarys claim that her server contained no classified material was only off by over 2,000 emails
Rubio gets the last laugh...
Tiny Scottish Island with less than 7000 residents being forced to take 1000 Syrian refugees; man arrested for protesting in facebook
Why Are Liberals So Racist When It Comes to Clarence Thomas?
Trump Accepts Cruz's Debate Invitation
When Bernie Sanders holds a campaign event near me
FBI probing new Clinton emails
Brexit is actually boosting the UK economy
Bill Clinton Just Violated Election Laws at Polling Locations Across Massachusetts
Bill To Defund Planned Parenthood Passes Ohio Senate
Whoopi wants automatic weapons banned - Rand Paul has to explain they already are.
Deplorable...
President Obama's Response to Race Based Shootings.
Islamic State hacks Michigan church website: We will break your crosses and enslave your women by permission of Allah
Trump Rally in Chicago Cancelled Due to Security Concerns
24 days to Al Gores 10 years to save the planet and point of no return planetary emergency deadline
Bernie's "Influence Teams" are stumped by the Trump support on 4chan
Trump at 49% Nationwide, cnn poll
MIZZOU HUNGER STRIKER Claims He's Oppressed, Rips 'White Privilege' - Comes From Family Worth $20 Million
Busty Ross
It Gets Worse: Bill Clinton Paid To Install Hillary's Private Server With Taxpayer Money
Huffington Post Writer: Editors Deleted My Article on Hillary's Imminent Indictment, Disabled Me from Writing
It's a disgrace...
Sweden Is Upgrading to Private Healthcare
70% of employed women believe the "gender pay gap" is a myth
reddit deletes stories on cologne assaults
CNN ratings drop below gardening network as Trump supporters boycott over bias
Johnson/Weld Come Out of CNN Town Hall Looking Like "a sensible alternative to the two main options."
If you're a Family Guy fan (or even if you aren't) you'll love this bit where Quagmire exposes Brian's liberalism. Rare to see this type of truth in modern comical television.
Virginia Bill Would Require Students To Use Bathroom Of Their "Anatomical Sex"
Trump: If Hillary Brings Up Sexism, Bill Clinton Is 'Fair Game'
Rand Paul: No More Arm Sales To Middle East Until They Start Accepting Refugees
Trump Says No to Syrian Refugees: 'Saudi Arabia Has Plenty of Room'
Man Dressed as Woman Records hours of Footage in Bathroom
Black Trump Supporter Accosted by Black Lives Matter Protestors
Judge Rules to Keep Hillary Emails Hidden From Voters Until AFTER Election Day
Reddit Moderators Censor Poll Showing Trump Leading over Clinton
Probably not too far from the truth...
Bernie Sanders "Unbelievably Abusive" To Employees
GERMANY BANS SAUSAGES: Pork banned in cafes and schools to 'Not Offend Refugees'
@TotalBiscuit (John Bain) on Cologne migrants' sexual assault attacks: "it should never be controversial to say 'hey, stop raping people'." "Not every criticism of a culture is a phobia."
Milwaukee Sheriff David Clarke: 'Stop Trying To Fix The Police. Fix The Ghetto!'
High School Girls Dont Want Transgender in Locker Room
Chelsea bombing suspect is identified
Ben Shapiro: At this point, most plausible explanation for Hillary setting up a private server is to hide her medical emails.
Oslo, Norway: 100% of rapes committed by 'non european immigrants' (muslims)
Less than 4% of fatal police shootings in 2015 involved white cops killing blacks
Sheriff David Clarke Clashes With Don Lemon in Cleveland Over 'Hateful Ideology' of Black Lives Matter
On Independence Day, Leftist-Pushed #AmericaWasNeverGreat Trends on Twitter
A logic I have never grasped...
Archbishop of Canterbury: 'It is NOT racist to fear mass migration'
This Hilarious Short Film Mocking Social Justice Is Going Viral
It's not rigged!
Syria: Moderate Muslims slit Christians throat, boast Jesus did not come to save him
I'd like to thank Michael Moore for proving me correct.
Things I Trust More Than Hillary Clinton
Sanders supporters banned from Tinder after campaigning on dating app
Liberals Dont Want a Discussion About Race Theyd rather blame white racism for racial disparities in America.
Washington Post writer Chris Cillizza attempted to silence those who pointed out his massive double standard in reporting about the health of Senator John McCain during the 08 presidential campaign and his rampant dismissal of any doubts being raised about Hillary Clintons physical state in 16.
The FBI Found Clintons Smoking Gun, Threw It Away, and Told Us on Labor Day Weekend | The Resurgent
New York Times: Germany Should Close Borders, Conduct Mass Deportations, AND Merkel Must Resign
Our world image..
Italy: Muslim migrant teen caught sending anonymous hate letters to herself
Hillary Clinton Wants To Give Americans' Healthcare to Millions of Illegals, Says Chelsea Clinton
Tonight, over at /r/SandersForPresident...
There is NOTHING compassionate about allowing ILLEGAL immigration!  Ted Cruz
Milwaukee Rioter To Police: "We Cannot Cohabitate With White People, One Of Us Has To Go" - Vessel News
Video of Al Sharpton Released Screaming Kill Police and Crackers!
(VIDEO) BREAKING. Fox News Reports Marco Rubio Is To Drop Out
The Bernie bros have gone over the edge(Found on /r/badeconomics
I see your "Causes of Rape" pie chart and raise you my "Causes of Murder" pie chart
Good old liberal logic
More than half of US governors oppose refugee resettlement
NRA on Twitter: "Law-abiding gun owners are done with being blamed for the acts of madmen and terrorists.
Clarence Thomas: Don't Hide Your Faith in a 'World That Seems to Have Gone Mad with Political Correctness'
Buzzfeed Bans Pro-Donald Trump Opinions from Site
Conservative vs Liberal
The Law, not a person, not a pundit, not a blogger, says Hillary is not allowed to be President.
To this leftist author, wearing all white as a democrat is presidential, while wearing all white as a republican enunciates the supposed racism of the GOP. (x-post /r/cringeanarchy)
Why No National Conversation About Leftist Violence?
Whole Foods: Were suing the gay activist who claimed we sold him a cake with a slur written on it  and we have video
A local butcher near me closed last month. They posted some interesting food for thought on facebook
Mizzou sees drop in enrollment, budget shortfalls after last year's protests.
More effective security measures...
Ultra-feminist founder of Femen Brazil declares herself pro-life, apologizes to Christians
Rudy Giuliani: If You Can't See This Was an Act of Terror, "You're a Moron"
FBI reopening Clinton email investigation
Report: Adult Refugees Enrolled In Canadian High School, Harassing Young Girls
N.Y. students accused of making up hate crime
Huffpo: Shooting In Self Defense Is Illegal Because It Denies Violent Criminals A Fair Trial
Cirque du Solei Cancels North Carolina Shows Over Public Facilities Act  Plans Shows In Dubai, Where Gays Are Put to Death
Lt. Col. Ralph Peters calls President Obama a "total pussy" on terror
From /r/politics of all places: Reddit Posts By Hillary's IT Guy Proves She Ordered Emails To Be Stripped!
Black Man Shot For Supporting Donald Trump
Neil Cavuto embarrasses student who wants free college and has no idea how to pay for it
CNN cuts satellite feed as soon as WikiLeaks is mentioned by Congressman Collins
Black Lives Matter activist changes tune on police following robbery
DOJ Watchdog Issues Report Finding Sanctuary Cities, States Illegal
Bernie Sanders supporters openly brag on social media about sending in leftist mobs to shut down Trump rally in Chicago.
Hearing this must have stung..
Video claim: Swedish police stats reveal Muslim men - 2% of Sweden's population - are responsible for 77% of the rapes in Sweden
Bernie Sanders Bashes Uber, Uses It For All His Taxi Rides
DEAR CNN: The Orlando Terrorist Was A Muslim, A Registered Democrat, Who Targeted Gays
the Hypocrite in chief
Ben Shapiro resigns from Breitbart amid Michelle Fields controversy
Democrat Election Strategy
Those who say Islam is a religion of peace are cowards
Court Rules in Favor of Tea Party Group Demanding Complete List of Conservatives Targeted by IRS
Philly shooter: I did it for Allah; Philly Mayor: No you didn't
Obama plans unprecedented campaign to drag bumbling loser over the finish line
Legally Armed Bystanders Break Up Walmart Shooting in Augusta, Maine.
22 Year Old Swedish Asylum Centre Worker Stabbed To Death By Migrant
Trump HAMMERED for giving"only" $5.6M to veterans; while the Clintons donate $70,000
First Muslim Miss USA converts to Christianity
Amid Trump surge, nearly 20,000 Mass. voters quit Democratic party
Scientists Who Are Actually Really Stupid #2: Bill Nye
Rand Paul Pushes Defend Our Capital Act, Requires D.C. to Issue Concealed Weapons Permits
Gun Control Works: Stabbings Up 20% in New York
'Angela Merkel You Have Killed Germany!'  16 Year Old Girl's Migrant Fears Video That Some Claim Facebook Are 'Censoring'
Bill Clinton's war on women...
/r/Conservative has added over 1,000 new subscribers in the last 16 days
The AR-15 was never intended for civilians? Colt marketed it to civilians in their first advertisements
Socialism
Go Figure: Beyonce Can't Get Police to Work Security For Her Shows
SURPRISE! Bernie Sanders' Latino Spokeswoman IS AN ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT (VIDEO)
This Oregon Woman Was Just Fired For Being Pro-Life
Still on the fence? Here are the top five reasons you absolutely, positively cannot vote for Hillary Clinton. -- Crowder knocks it out of the park.
First Olympic Gold Goes to American Girl with a Gun And Internets Quick to Bring on the Hate
"But it's never been tried before!"
Female Saudi Anchor Bravely Calls Out Fellow Muslims on Terrorism
Guy gets killed by homeowner of a home he burglarizing. Obviously, it's the homeowners fault he's dead.
John Kasich right now.
Funny how that works...
Ben Shapiro on Twitter: "Wow, Trump just DESTROYED the media narrative. That was masterful."
Police Confirm: We Were Barred from Appearing in Uniform on DNC Convention Floor
/r/science banned global warming debate
Ted Cruzs first campaign ad against Hillary Clinton appears to be a resounding success  MSNBCs pundits called it vicious.
Utah Wins Planned Parenthood Defunding Fight
It is their religion...
The University of Missouri suffered a 1,500 student drop in the aftermath of the BLM protest.
Wow... that IS cold!
John Kasich: The Candidate Who Wouldnt Leave
Ted Cruz Wins Wisconsin
'Black Lives Matter': We Will 'Shut Down' GOP Convention If We Can
She deserved it
Marvel CEO donates $1M to veterans. Liberals outraged.
Sweden Opened Its Doors To Muslim Immigration, Today Its The Rape Capital Of The West.
Rand Paul Shuts Down Donald Trump, Moderators, and Commercial Breaks
Sounds about right...
Just rehearsals? Jihadists say Brussels and Paris are rehearsals for the "big one" in the US. How stupid can we be to allow this bullshit to continue?
10 Times Democrats Vowed To Block Republican Court Nominees
1,063 Documented Examples of Barack Obamas Lying, Lawbreaking, Corruption and Cronyism
Scumbag Barack on Gun Control
We're not Islamophobic, Mr. Obama, we just don't want to get blown up
George Soros-Funded Palestinian Media Outlet Runs Anti-Semitic Article Series, Including Holocaust Denial
Why isnt the assassination attempt on Donald Trump bigger news?
Steven Crowder going off at SJW's at UMASS
Rubio's Answer on Abortion
Historian: Obama Will Go Down as One of Worst, Most Divisive, Most Shallow, Most Foolish Presidents
Reagan - A Time For Choosing
Joys of Socialism... Venezuelans Now Eating Cats, Street Dogs and Pigeons for Food
George Mason University Renames Law School After Justice Scalia
It's official... Rand Paul will be on the main stage for the next Presidential debate
Sams Club CEO Admits She Discriminates Against White Males But Its OK Because Shes Black
Ted Cruz: 'When It Comes to Immigration: Legal, Good; Illegal, Bad' -- "President Obama famously said his goal was to fundamentally transform the United States of America. And one of the critical tools he is using to try to do that is to allow millions of people to come here illegally.
2006 Audio Emerges of Hillary Clinton Proposing Rigging Palestine Election
Reddit Admins ban /r/The_Donald from mentioning /r/politics out of fear of harassment/brigading of their mods and board
Colin Powell (DNC Leak): "I would rather not have to vote for her, although she is a friend I respect. A 70-year person with a long track record, unbridled ambition, greedy, not transformational, with a husband still dicking bimbos at home"
Just a reminder the Senate under Bush refused to even allow judicial Nominee hearings to be scheduled and how they took advantage of the process even when they lost the Majority.
White House says it is a 'loophole' that people have to be convicted of a crime before their rights are taken away
Yale Leftists INTERRUPT and SPIT ON Conservatives Attending Meeting on Free Speech (Video)
Bernie & Irony...
When you decide to lose all integrity as a "journalist"
FAKE HATE: Devout Muslim Attendee Charged with Torching Houston Mosque
Late Night Losers: Leftists Trevor Noah, Stephen Colbert Suffer Ratings Collapse
When Trump says it, he is called a racist. When a liberal says it, she is appointed to the US Supreme Court.
Narrative annihilated; San Bernardino terrorist described himself as very liberal
All Charges Dropped Against Activists Behind Undercover Planned Parenthood Videos
Petition with more than 119,000 Signatures wants White House to recognize BLM as a terrorist organization
Israeli Stabbing Victim Pulls Knife Out of His Own Neck, Kills Terrorist With It
California State University LA Bans Ben Shapiro: Your "safe spaces" should be renamed "fascist areas," you jackbooted intellectual weaklings.
You guys have have an admirable sub-reddit.
Esteemed feminist professor and author Camille Paglia on Hillary Clinton: Hillary is a fraud and Bill Clinton is a sexual predator
Black Trump Supporter Smacks Down CNN Reporter for Race Baiting
Hillary Is Worse - #NeverHillary
Carly Fiorina: Ted Cruz will say 'whatever' to get elected
President Obama Has Worsened Race Relations
Americans React With Fury: If Hillary Doesnt Follow the Law, Why Should I?
Black Lives Matter Co-founder Demands White Folks Stop Saying All Lives MatterIts Racist: White Americans have created the conditions that require a phrase like Black Likes Matter."
Liberals Are In Love With This Christian Republican Woman
Oprah Claims White People Are The Cause Of Racism In America. When the interviewer asked Oprah if she thought people were against Obama because he was black, she responded, Theres no question.
To be white is to be racist, Norman student offended by teachers lecture
UC Irvine Republicans To Distribute Baby Pacifiers To Campus Liberals
BLACK LIES MATTER: University of Albany students who claimed to be victims of racist attack charged
Just a reminder that, in 2014, the NAACP required photo ID to attend an anti voter ID protest march
Khizr Khan's words won't be forgotten, But Pat Smith's words will be...
ABC8 Virginia Poll: 82% Say Hillary Clinton Should Be Criminally Prosecuted
The entire board of Huffington Post is on suicide watch
Ted Cruz moves past Ben Carson in Iowa
I've been hearing this...
Obama Invites Radical #BlackLivesMatter Leader to White House After His Arrest Last Weekend
In the EU capital of Belgium, as well as neighboring Netherlands, Muslims are roughly 5% of the population yet consume 40% to 60% of the welfare budget. Belgium spends more on unemployment benefits than any other country outside Denmark.
Savage AF
A trip to the bookstore...
Oregon triple murder suspect had been deported six times
Canadians Could Face Two Years in Jail For Criticizing Transgender, 'Gender Fluid' Ideology
Hillary Talks about Americans Like They're Peasants
Star Wars for Liberals
Wheel of Misfortune
Clemson University Bans References To Harambe For Promoting Racism, Rape Culture
Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions Endorses Trump: "It Is Time To Make America Great Again"
Whenever I hear the "Not all X are Y" argument
Feel the Bern...
Loretta Lynch: Illegal Aliens Have Right To Work As Much As American Citizens
Go figure...
Progressive "Science"
16 y/o German girl talks about Muslim immigration, destruction of her own country (Engl. subs)
Cruz: I'm still backing Trump
Gun problem?
Obama White House: Terrorists Will Stop Attacking if We Pass Gun Control Laws
American Flag Deemed Unacceptable 'Political Statement' At Harvard
Comedy Festival Will Charge White Men More To Fight The Wage Gap
Cologne Imam: Girls Were Raped For Being Half Naked And Wore Perfume
Disarming the victims.
Obama declares Isis is contained on Friday morning
What if Dylan Roofs Dad Showed Up To a Trump Event?
Apparently, you will get banned from r/news simply by saying you believe biological males and biological female should shower separately.
Bernie Sanders Only Passed 3 Bills, 2 Renamed Post Offices
Donna Braziles Deception Is a Symbol For the Big Media Lie
Charles Barkley: Blacks keep each other down, not whites or cops
Survey: 76% of Police Chiefs Say Armed Citizens 'REDUCE' Violent Crime
There was a time when Republican debates were a bit more high brow. 1980 Reagan-Bush debate in Houston
B-b-but the media told me that walls don't work...and they would never lie to the public...
Dont be fooled by Bernie Sanders  hes a diehard communist
A more accurate use of his slogan
The New Deplorables: Clinton Campaign Staffers Trash Catholics
Limbaugh: 'Ironic That The Democrat Party Wants to Throw Down the Morality Card'
Newly Leaked Emails Reveal Unprecedented Coordination Between Hillary Campaign And Press
GOP lays out case for charging Clinton with perjury
Orlando Chick Fil A Donates Food To Those Lined Up At Orlando Blood Centers
Leaked Audio: Clinton Says Supreme Court Is Wrong on Second Amendment
Jimmy Fallon goes easy on Hillary, no one cares.
12 point shift in black support for Trump, media silent
Impeach Ruth Bader Ginsburg
Four-Year-Olds Being Asked To Choose Gender in Britain
No Memorial For Slain Migrant Worker In Sweden For Fear Of Offending Migrants
CNN Admits to Giving Hillary Clinton "a Free Ride"
Not going broke...
Benghazi widow to Hillary: How dare you tell me to move on
We need this divider out of office!
Romanian Hacker: "It Was Easy to Hack Clinton's Email - Clintons server was completely unsecured, said Lazar to NBC. "It was like an open orchid on the Internet. There were hundreds of folders."
1st POTUS In History To Have Voted To Filibuster A SCOTUS Nominee Now Hopes for Clean Process
Stale Monoculture
More left logic.
I'm A Gay Man and Mass Muslim Immigration Terrifies Me
The Obama Legacy: Over 1,000 Democratic Seats Lost to Republicans
Anthony Weiner carried on a months-long online sexual relationship with a troubled 15-year-old girl telling her she made him 'hard,' asking her to dress up in 'school-girl' outfits and pressing her to engage in 'rape fantasies'
Tampons coming to men's rooms at Brown University because "not all people who menstruate are women"
Disney CEO responds to criticism from Bernie Sanders: 'How many jobs have you created?'
New Yorkers Flocking to Chick-Fil-A, Despite De Blasio Urging Them Not To
Father Morris: Clinton camp mocking Catholics is 'bigotry'
Black couple complain about racism, caught on video viciously attacking whites
A Liberal, folks.
WIKILEAKS: Hillary Staffers Were Happy About Killing of Black Teen to Advance Gun Control This is Great
Obama has sure changed his tune on Hillary's Track Record
Mika Rips Media Blackout on Clinton-Lynch Meeting: People Too Afraid to Talk About the Truth
Germany tells migrants to learn German, get a job or lose benefits
Liberals are Latinophobes...
Sweden slams shut its open-door policy towards refugees
Listening to Obama's shitty attitude toward Americans
Hispanic Men Beat Female Trump Supporter in Her Yard, Steal Her Trump Sign, Then Post VIDEO Online!
Harvard women don't like equality when it applies to them
It Is Bill Clinton and Barack Obama, Not Donald Trump, In An ISIS Recruiting Video
[serious
Colin Kaepernick refuses to stand for the national anthem in a country that pays him millions of dollars to play a game.
CNN Panel Devolves Into Shouting When Black Lives Matter Supporter Rejects Statistics On Race And Crime
Undocumented Student Brags About Free Tuition
Left-wing Italian woman decides to hitchhike through the Middle East in an effort to show the world that Muslims are peaceful. (Awww.) Unfortunately, she was raped and murdered by Muslims in Turkey. But otherwise, her effort was a complete success.
The same Bernie supporters screaming "Corporate well-fair!" also demand a "basic universal income".
Hillary gets a physical ...
CBO study shows that the rich dont just pay a fair share of federal taxes, they pay almost everybodys share
Milo Yiannopoulos Tells Students Feminism Is Cancer, Causes Protester to Absolutely Lose It
Easter Rabbit?
Illegal alien who MURDERED a POLICEMAN admits he used Sanctuary City policies to elude capture
University of Connecticut to Build Blacks-Only Segregated Dorm
Dear White America: Black Professors Open Letter Asks Readers to Admit to the Racist Poison That Is Inside of You
Donald J. Trump: "Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee"
THEY KNEW: Leaked Pelosi docs admit Obama, Clinton lied about Benghazi
NFL Stops Cowboys from Supporting Cops While Kaepernick Gets a Pass on Protesting Flag
TIL: President Obama authorized a covert weapons program under the code name Timber Sycamore for the Syrian rebels in which weapons were stolen and sold on the black market destabilizing the region.
Nigel Farage to attend US Republican National Convention
ACLU Blames -- Wait for It -- 'Conservative Christians' for Orlando
Carly Fiorina Talks About Trump -- "Donald Trump is an act  hes an entertainer. We dont know his principles  he doesnt know his principles. He doesnt know what he thinks. The reason he doesnt want to talk policy and always succumbs to insults is because he doesnt know what his policies are."
Chicago Rioters Turn on Trump Supporters=> Groping Trump Women Is OK, "They Are Racist White B*tches"
Bernie Sanders's Plan Would Raise Taxes by 34%
Your Daughter Must Pee Next to a Man, and You Will Be Compelled to Agree - Ben Shapiro
We cant DEFEAT Islamic terrorism if Obama cant even SAY Islamic Terrorism
VIDEO: Obama Hater Creates BRUTAL Video Showing 140 Lies Obama Told Over His 8 SOTU Addresses
WHY do we have LIBERALS moderating Republican debates?!  Ted Cruz isnt signing GOP debate demands
New poll: 34 percent 'less likely' to vote for Clinton after new email revelations
Study: Clinton's tax hikes would kill 700,000 jobs
Pretty amazing...
The U.N. treaty Obama is calling for the ratification of.
Mike Rowe Examines Why Bernie Sanders 'Free College' Guarantee Is Absurd
John Kasich Has Been Mathematically Eliminated from Contention for the Republican Nomination
Who said it? Karl Marx or Bernie Sanders?
DNC Fraud whistleblower found Murdered. Just What the Hell is going on?
'Make America Mexico Again': Why Americans are fed up with illegals
"Among whites, 77 percent of gun deaths are suicides. But among black Americans, 82 percent of gun deaths are homicides."
BLM Activists show their true colors: #Fuckparis
Reporter to Fast-Food Protester: Paramedics Dont Even Make $15 an Hour, and They Save Lives
Why Don't We Hear About Soros' Ties to Over 30 Major News Organizations?
Trump recorded having extremely lewd conversation about women in 2005
Obama: I'm Still Not Enforcing Immigration Law, No Matter What The Court Says
You might be a liberal...
Trump: Illegal immigrants are taken much better care of by this country than our veterans
Ted Cruz Reconfirms: I Have "Absolutely Zero" Interest in Being Trump's VP
Stephen A. Smith to Young Black Kids: Racism 'Doesn't Exist' for You
WOW Ted Cruz CONVERTS Iowa farmer ANGRY about ethanol subsidies to his side!!!
"It takes a village..."
Shameless WashPost Buries Its Own Poll Showing Record Low in Popularity for Hillary
Hillary: Abortion a 'Constitutional Right': But Clinton not sure if right to bear arms is.
'Islam-is-peace' update: 10 Jihadis blow themselves up constructing bomb in a mosque
Dear Entitled Generation......
I'm A Millennial, But I'm Not Feelin' The Bern, and Neither Should You
Bill Clinton says he's not interested in getting into politics...while campaigning for Hillary
And the winner is... Ben Shapiro!
To Everyone Who Thinks Cruz's Vastly Superior Grassroots Support Is "Unfair" I Have This Suggestion: Stop Whining, and Get Involved.
Obama Lists His Daughters As Senior Staff On $424,000 African Vacation
Average Salary of a Planned Parenthood Staffer Selling Aborted Babies is $345,338
Ted Cruz Destroys Trump, Absolutely ELECTRIFIES CPAC Grassroots Crowd, 'I WILL NOT COMPROMISE'
Romney and Trump Both Tweeted for Memorial Day, and the Contrast Was Epic
Gallup: No, Reagan Was Not Unpopular Like Trump Is
Cruzs Path to Victory: The Math and Science
Source for thus week's sidebar tribute quote: The Never Trump Movement Is Anti-American And Hypocritical - Grant Stinchfield
Today is your big day Wisconsin! Help make this happen!
Ben Carson admits fabricating West Point scholarship
Cruz CUTS Trumps lead in Kansas by HALF in new poll!!
There is no difference...
Fox News homepage right now - 4 mentions of Cruz: three positive, one negative; 4 mentions of Trump: two neutral, two negative; 4 mentions of Rubio: one neutral, three positive. Keep in mind that Rubio finished in third place. Totally fair, totally balanced.
Ted Cruz Announcement Live 4PM ish EST
This is how I view Trump supporters.
It's Time for Conservatives to Consolidate for Trump
"Leaders"
Donald Trump is a Garbage Human Being Who is Leading a Movement of Other Garbage Human Beings
People dont like Donald Trump. They just dont.
R/the_donald members, you're getting played.
Within 24 hours of sewing up the 2016 GOP presidential nomination, Donald Trump revealed his true colors as a Democrat, telling CNN that he might favor raising the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour, the same wage increase favored by uber-socialist Bernie Sanders.
Seven Stages Of Trump Recovery
Larry Sabato has released his general election projection. Oh dear.
Ted Cruz in 2013: We Should Expand Legal Immigration
Lyin' Donald: 101 Of Trump's Greatest Lies
Washington Times backing up Cruz sex scandal story.
Donald Trump Is No Ronald Reagan
Rubio: "Trump likes to sue people, he should sue whoever did that to his face."
Trump is the demagogue that our Founding Fathers feared
I Will Not Vote For Donald Trump. Ever.
Want to learn everything he knows?
Rubio on Trump Rally "America is coming apart at the seems"
Former mod here. Get back on the train boys, we're taking this one home
Why Republicans still must not rally around Trump
Conservatives align with Black Lives Matter in rush to find blame for Chicago protests
Utah could vote Democrat for president for first time in 50 years | Clinton 36, Trump 35
Why NeverTrump is not Conservative
Lyin Trump makes ILLEGAL donation and then HIDES IT FROM THE IRS
Guns make little baby Obama cry :'(
We're Not a Democracy, Cruz isn't 'Stealing' Delegates, and 'Plurality' Doesn't Mean 'Majority'
1944 vs 2015
40 Reasons Not To Vote For Donald Trump
The Donald has a #Trumpertantrum, ATTACKS AUDIENCE after being booed over Eminent Domain
Donald "Drumpf": John Oliver Destroys Donald Trump (Full Segment) February 28th 2016
How About a Cruz-Rubio Unity Ticket?
HILARIOUS. Ted Cruz Wins More Louisiana Delegates Than Donald Trump
Ted Cruz Would Be a Better President
Ted Cruzs ad about Trump is True. Trump is a Liar
What a Wimp! Donald Trump Is Not Tough Enough to Handle Megyn Kelly, But Wants to Handle Hillary Clinton
Donald Trump Fans Are Like a Cult
Watch compilation of Ted Cruz blatantly lying about Donald trump
I rarely agree with John Oliver, but I couldn't agree with him more on Donald Trump.
Ciswhitemaelstrom, top mod of the political satire subreddit, no longer exists.
FULL VIDEO ADDED!  CRUZ TO TRUMP: Youre a sniveling coward, leave Heidi the hell alone!
Trump the tough guy
Two Women Say Donald Trump Touched Them Inappropriately
Poll: Ted Cruz leads Donald Trump in Indiana
The Science is Settled: Trump Speaks Like a Fourth-Grader
Your typical Trump supporter
Another poll confirms: Clinton 51 Trump 39
Which one do I choose?
Ted Cruz Crushes It At CPAC [FULL SPEECH
Donald Trump's Supporters Are Members of a Personality Cult
Insider: Trump to skip GOP debate for pro-Israel conference ( Afraid To Face Cruz )
Unreleased footage from the 'Apprentice' allegedly has Trump saying the N-word
Your handy, dandy Trump vs. Cruz comparison chart!
Two Of A Kind
Scientists Who Are Actually Stupid: Neil deGrasse Tyson
Cruz Easily Won the New Hampshire GOP Debate
'Vote Your Conscience' Was A Rorschach Test. Trump Failed.
Donald Trump on New York Values - In His Own Words
Donald Trump endorsing Hillary in 2012 and his appreciation for Bill Clinton
Oops! Latest #NeverTrump Candidate Has Fake Resume Full of Inaccuracies, Distortions and Lies
Donald Trump Is No Ronald Reagan
For your consideration
Trump accidentally refers to '7/11' terror attack
Why You Should Dump The Donald and Pick Ted Cruz
Krauthammer: Cruz's Speech 'Was the Longest Suicide Note in US Political History'
Justice Scalia Dies At Ranch Resort Owned By Democrat Party Donor & Obama Award Winner
Cruz finally speaks out: "Donald, you're a sniveling coward" and a "small and petty man," adding, "leave Heidi the hell alone."
Why not Kasich?
Ted Cruz Full Interview ABC This Week : Donald Trump Presidency Would be a Disaster
Run on a Ticket With Donald Trump? No, Thanks, Many Republicans Say
Trump: Platform Language on Abortion Should Change
CNN catches Donald Trump in ANOTHER LIE
Donald Trumpertantrum takes a CHEAP SHOT at Ted Cruz in his closing statement
For a man with no shame, Donald Trump sure is insecure.
"Peaceful" protests...
Feel Betrayed by the GOP? Vote for the One Candidate Who Walks the Walk - Ted Cruz
No First Amendment rights were trampled on in Chicago
Two sides of the same coin?
Melania Trump like youve never seen her before
Exactly How Long Has Donald Trump Been Stalking Megyn Kelly?
I'll never forgive Rubio for this
Democrats on the law of the land ...
Trump won the third debate
A Vote for Trump in the Spring Is a Vote for Clinton in the Fall
Donald Trumps trade war could kill millions of U.S. jobs
Salt Lake Tribune - Cruz in Utah: Glenn Beck Says Hes Fulfillment of Mormon Prophecy
Political Prediction Market: Cruz ahead of Trump (x-post /r/American_Politics)
Trump Campaign In Disarray In Illinois As Ted Cruz Closes the Gap
Why Fiorina is a strategic choice
Okay its definitely time for the GOP to panic
BREAKING: Trump Accused of Raping 13 Year Old Girl at Sex Party with Convicted Pedophile Friend
Donald Trump, Fake Conservative
Yes, Donald Trump Would Be Worse Than Any Prior Republican Nominee
Trump's Unfavorable Rating Spikes to 67 Percent Nationally
The Buck Stops . . . Over There. Like Obama, Trump Always Blames Others.
Pretty much... and she's married to him.
Conservatives Must Back Ted Cruz
Trump Releases Insane, Incoherent Statement of Rage at Cruz-Kasich Teamup
CREEPY. CREEPY. CREEPY. Donald Trump Discusses His Infant Daughters Breasts
Can Trump Be Replaced? Yes. These Are The Rules...
The People Have Spoken
Poll: Trump loses head-to-head vs. both Cruz, Rubio
Cameras catch how Trump dismisses Chris Christie in a completely humiliating way
Marco Rubios Top 7 Face-Melting Trump Burns
Every day...
Trump Rallies in nutshell
New Evidence Shows that Trump Knowingly used Illegal Labor to Construct Trump Tower
Report: Secret Service Insiders Confirm: Hillary Suffers From Parkinsons Experiences Seizures From Camera Flashes
The Irony
With God As My Witness, I Will Never Vote For Donald Trump.
Trump Lied. Will His Candidacy Die?
When Republicans freed the slaves...
It's Time To Unite Behind Ted Cruz
Donald Trump just turned a key moment into a complete mess (once again)
See list of 99 top Republicans who refuse to back Drumpf Read more at http://www.wnd.com/2016/05/see-list-of-98-top-republicans-who-refuse-to-back-trump/#hBqpmwOJWqGP59Kf.99
Donald Trump is a Glass-Jawed Coward Afraid to Debate Rubio or Cruz Again
How many "Never Trumpers" are Liberal Astroturfers?
The Facts: Cruz Swept Colorado because the Grassroots Chose Ted, not Trump
Fox News' Dana Perino On Donald Trump: "I'm Done!"
Scientists Who Are Actually Really Stupid #2: Bill Nye
(VIDEO) Donald Trump Doesn't Know the Nomination Rules And Cries About It
Donald Trump To Paul Manafort: I Am Not Acting. I Really Am A Crude, Ill-Bred, Uncouth Dimwit
It starts. First GOP Senator pledging #NeverTrump
What The Media Is Not Telling You About The Muslim Who Attacked Donald Trump: He Is A Muslim Brotherhood Agent Who Wants To Advance Sharia Law And Bring Muslims Into The United States
Laura Ingraham Successfully Persuades Me Not To Vote For Donald Trump
Trump urges Russia to interfere with the presidential election
Your SCOTUS Excuse For Supporting Trump Is Weak and Totally Irrelevant
Donald Trump Suckered Conservatives
Donald Trump Gave $0 to Charity in Past 5 Years
(VIDEO) Watch Donald REFUSE To Denounce the KKK
Donald Trump isnt funny anymore, and we all have to stop him
Donald Trumps ex-wife once said he kept a book with Hitlers speeches by his bed
Stop Donald Trump
"Donald Trump is the weak man's vision of a strong man"
I'll drink to that!
The reason people mistrust Hillary Clinton...
Carson's Very Stupid Idea: At Island Rally, Ben Says Democratic Puerto Rico Should Be 51st State
Current Polling: Hillary 255 Donald 37
As a Cruz supporter, I'm concerned that the Trump campaign may be showing signs of cultish behavior. Ease my mind or convince me further - your choice. [Civil discussion only please
Donald Trump's Rightwing Statism Is Repugnant
U.S. Soldier To Donald Trump: Hell No, Sir
Cruz begins to win over Jewish donors
Trump sued for alleged rape of 13yr old: "Trump furiously denies"
Jon Karl lets Trump drop LIE after LIE in interview about Melania ad
Trump Was the Biggest Loser during the South Carolina Debate
The #NeverTrump remote island dwellers
Why I'm Backing #NeverTrump: A "Cuckservative" Speaks
Donald Trump, Conventional Democrat
How NOAA Lies With Global Warming Statistics
He's With Her: Inside Paul Ryan's Months-Long Campaign to Elect Hillary Clinton President
Trump Donated $25,000 to Terry 'Let Criminals Vote' McAuliffe
The/Donald has gone full retard.
Donald Trump dropped in on Reddit on Wednesday for an Ask Me Anything session. Trumps Reddit AMA is amazingly dull, like some staffer is copy-pasta-ing his lamest quotes, one person tweeted. The Q&A session was posted on The_Donald subreddit.
Evan McMullin Is Now on the Ballot in Utah!
Trump Slammed as Not Conservative in New 'Club for Growth' Ad
He's a charlatan
Donald Trump Is Really Unpopular With General Election Voters
FACT CHECK: Hillary Said 90% of Clinton Foundation Donations go to Charity. Actual Number? 5.7%
Donald Trump Is Not a Yuge Winner. Stats Show He Will Be a Yuge, Leightweight Choker Loser.
Ted Cruz Still Working a Ground Game in Several States (Don't downvote because you don't like Cruz.)
Cruz beholden to wealthy Wall Street donors, including friends of his wife.
Why did a Ted Cruz super PAC give $500,000 to Carly Fiorinas?
Cruz' smile
During these perilous times, we need a leader who is courageous, consistent, passionate and principled. That leader is Ted Cruz. His fidelity to the Constitution is sorely needed in the Oval Office. The tenacity with which he fights for conservative principles is refreshing.
Here's The Video Proof Trump's a Cynical Phony on 'New York Values'
In a Party Filled with Cowards, Cruz Stood Apart
Donald Trump denies raping teen girl at 'sex party with Jeffrey Epstein'
Donald Trump Goes Full Radical Left Winger Over 9/11 During GOP Debate
If Hillary Wins, Let That Be on Trump Supporters
In our opinion: Donald Trump should resign his candidacy
NeverTrump
Trump treated Christie like a one-night stand: At which point Christie put back on his little black dress, and did the walk of shame.
Oh, Huffpo.
Recent Poll Shows More Americans Want Clinton Indicted than Want Her to Be President
5 Signs Donald Trump IS The Establishment...From The Last 24 Hours Alone
McMullin: Republicans 'putting party ahead of principle'
VIDEO: Sick Hillary Tries to Get Out of Van, Nearly Falls, Looks Whipped
Hannity, Ingraham Say It's Immoral Not To Vote Trump. Here Are 3 Reasons They're Wrong.
@BenHowe speaking the truth. I will never get behind a dangerous person like Trump
Trump 2016: Making Cults Great Again
The anti-Trump crusaders' new low: assaulting Melania
It seem's trump and hillary have far more in common than being lefties.
How Donald Trump broke Fox News' debate rules
Ted Cruz is a Losing, Damn Awful, Vicious, Unlikable, Calculated Person.
Ted Cruz Wows CNBC Panel With 46 Minutes of Economic Brilliance, Clarity, and Specificity
Ted Cruz -- GOP Moderates Should Vote for Him
Trump is FINISHED, Here's the proof
Voters Slam Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio for Blaming Chicago Rally Shutdown on Donald Trump
Trump Supporter Who Punched Protester: 'Next Time, We Might Have To Kill Him'
Why NH Should Vote for Ted Cruz and not Donald Trump
After Kissing The Cuban Snake, Obama Gets Bit
Filling Supreme Court vacancies isn't a good enough reason to vote for Trump
Not a Trump fan? Need to blow off a little steam tonight?
UH OH: Theres a SECRET Trump interview at NY Times on what he REALLY thinks about immigration
How Ted Cruz plans to win
Let's dispel the notion that we can vote for Trump because "Supreme Court"
Donald Trump hits all-time low in the polls that really matter
Time to come together to support Cruz
True pro-life convictions are non-negotiable: thats why I cant support Donald Trump
Ted Cruz Just Dropped a Powerful new Video and it's Spreading Like WILDFIRE...
After screaming for a real conservative for years, will Republicans nominate a liberal?
Free Beacon Poll: Cruz Expands Lead Over Trump in Wisconsin
Ben Shapiro: Donald Trumps Anti-Semitic Supporters
Nigel Farage: Trump 'Not Running to Be Pope--He's Running For President'
Where Is the Evidence That Trump Would Defend the Constitution?
Trump directs nearly one-fifth of his campaign money to his own businesses
Did Bernie Sanders Really Need Braised Endives on His Vatican Trip?
#VoteTrumpGetDumped -- To cast a vote for Trump is to agree with his sexist, perverted, demeaning, backwards, offensive treatment of women. Learn what's at stake. Join us by wielding your influence. Until Trump is defeated, we don't date, sleep with, or canoodle with Trump supporters.
Poll: Trump has major image problem with Hispanics
Donald Trump Secretly Told The New York Times What He Really Thinks About Immigration
Trump University: Classic-bait-and-switch
You Can't Stump the Trump Volume 17 (Goodbye, Guac Merchant)
Trumpertantrum Continues: Ted Cruz has 'Mental Problems', as Trump recycles insults
Do you want amnesty?
Setting the Record Straight about Colorados Republican Caucus  Drudge is factually wrong when it says that Cruz won a "voterless victory"
Trump Not a Good Bet for American Greatness
Cruz absolutely can (and very likely will) beat Clinton
Lyin Trump continues to falsely smear Ted Cruz on Fox and Friends
Trumpian slip caught on videdo? "The system's rigged. I see it. I see it now 100% and by the way, not just on our side, I think it's worse on the Republican side."
Cruz Easily Won the New Hampshire GOP Debate
Ted Cruz Points Out What a Liar Donald Trump Is
I regret voting for Donald Trump
Ted Cruz Can Win It All
Yet more proof America founded as Christian nation
Obama takes off his ring before shaking crowd's hand in Vietnam.
Finally a Republican candidate who sounds like a liberal college student...
Trump Leads Cruz 49% vs 31% in California.
Want to get some Ted Cruz merchandise? Here is where to go. Side benefit... It counts as a campaign contribution. You get some schwag, and it supports the campaign all at the same time!
Rubio Mocks Stumpy McTrumpfingers and It's Awesome
#BlackGunsMatter
Trump FLIPS on immigration during GOP debate  FLOPS BACK AFTER DEBATE!! LOL!!
Dont Fall for a Fake Conservative
Trump supporters allegedly surround Utah Delegate and threaten TO KILL HER in RNC convention bathroom.
Woman Claims Donald Trump Raped Her in 1994
Ted Cruz Can Beat Trump
Trump Jumps Into Bed With Putin
An Average Day In The Senate For Ted Cruz.....
Trump Desperate for Hispanic Vote (This happened just now. This is real. This is not from a parody account.)
Ben Carson: I Didn't Want To Endorse Trump, But He Promised Me A Job
Trump Takes 5 Different Positions on Min Wage in 45 Seconds
George Will: If Trump is nominated, the GOP must keep him out of the White House
I Hated to Do That, but I Had to Make My Point: Trump Mocks Christie As He Is On Stage Next to Him | Video
This Donald Trump story should scare you
Voters For Trump Ad - SNL
Veterans Shouldn't Trust Trump
Oops!... Bush Family Used Eminent Domain to Build Texas Baseball Park
GOP establishment to support Hillary if Trump is the nominee!
Cruz crushes Trump in weekend delegate fight
Cruz Is All About You. Trump Is All About Me.
Republicans Are Realizing Theyve Made a Huge Mistake
Poll: Millenials Prefer Cruz to Hillary, Trump
Donald Trump: Michelle Fields changed her story since first claiming campaign manager grabbed her
Conspicuously absent from any major media outlets coverage of the top stories of 2015, was the undercover expos of Planned Parenthoods involvement in harvesting and sale of aborted fetal remains.
Liberal logic makes my head hurt
Liberal Logic...
Ironic Trump
Death rates...
Trump and Rubio are the real 'Liars,' not Cruz
Now do you?
USA TODAY's Editorial Board: Trump is 'unfit for the presidency'
Finally Ted Cruz Speaks!
Libertarians Say 'Brave' Ted Cruz Should Endorse Them, Not Trump
Trump sued for allegedly raping underage girl at billionaire buddys Orgy Island (Jeffrey Epstein pleads the 5th thus far)
Donald Trump Victim Blamed in 1992 Mike Tyson Rape Case
Trump Losing It Over The Idea of Cruz or Kasich Taking The Nomination
Nate Silver on Twitter: "Here's what the map might look like in an election held today. Trump's Rust Belt strength would help him keep MO, IN https://t.co/OYueYvWFpG"
Donald Trump says he would refuse a presidential salary if he wins
A Complete List Of Everywhere, Everyone, Everything Trump Has Insulted
Dr Carson Endorses Donald J Trump!
David Duke drops bombshell about Donald Trump
White House Terrorist Identification Chart...
The Democrat plot to make Hillary seem like a good choice.
Make America Eight Again ...
For All Those Saying Trump Has Majority Support, Heres A Stunning Fact: Donald Trump has not won a majority of the vote in ANY state hes won. Ted Cruz has done it TWICE, in Wyoming and Utah.
Trump says Tea Party is irrelevant
Trumpertantrum is Lying about Ted Cruz again on Twitter
If Trump Wont Release Tax Returns, His Delegates Should Abstain on First Ballot
Just Because Trump Is Anti-PC Doesnt Mean We Should Celebrate His Vulgarity
Is Donald Trump a Mole Working for the Democrats?
Never Trumpniks Pave Hillarys Path to Power
Don't like Trump, take a look at Gary Johnson.
This Amazing Ted Cruz Ad That Came Out A Few Days Ago Is MUST-SEE TV
Trump Calls For Unity! Little Late For That, Now, Isn't It, Donald?
Trump Has Tiny Baby Fingers (Rubio Attack Ad)
Ted Cruz ROCKS the Donald on his birtherism at the GOP Debate!!!
Trump is now blatantly advocating America killing Democratic policies
Sorry, Donald Trump, the Trump University judge was just following the law
Own It: If Trump Is The Nominee And Loses, Trump Supporters Are To Blame Not #NeverTrump
Fury as Colorado has no primary or caucus; Cruz celebrates voterless victory
Anyone notice that Rubio and Trump waited for Carson to drop before they started arguing about penis size?
Why Im Endorsing Ted Cruz For President
Military Strategist Explains Why Trump LeadsAnd Will Fail
New Indiana Poll Cruz 44.8, Trump 29, Kasich 13.3 | Indiana | Journal Gazette
Trump's Lewd Audio Might Have Reset the Race to His Benefit
Trump Abandons Last Vestiges of Conservatism, Promises a Considerable Hike in Minimum Wage
Trump, Not Cruz, Escalated 'Wife Fight'
Why I Changed My Mind and Joined the #NeverTrump Movement
Ted Cruz - "These smears are completely false...."
Cruz: Trump Supporters Should "Put A Hillary Sticker On Car"; "A Vote For Trump Is A Vote For Hillary"
Responding To The Alt Right: Are They Bigots, Or Just Stupid Children? - Ben Shapiro
Trump, who lied about Cruz bribing delegates, is planning to bribe delegates in NV
Trump wrong that inner-city crime is reaching record levels
Donald Trumps First Tweet About Brexit Got Shut Down Immediately
Flashback: Trump Praises Bill Clinton in 1998 Interview, Calls Paula Jones a "Loser"
Trump is Proving Levin Right: Populism Is Progressivism by a Different Name
Wow. Dana Loesch Obliterates CNN Trumpkin Kayleigh McEnany
Why Conservatives Should Just Say No to Trump
A new Indiana poll shows Cruz way ahead of The Donald by 16 points, only 5 points away from hitting 50%
Seseme street unveils Jihad-clad muppet: 'Zari' is a feminist from Afghanistan
Police: We didn't Advise Trump to Close Down Rally
How Trump Loses, Revisited
Poll: Clinton would easily beat Trump
Millions of ordinary Americans support Donald Trump. Here's why
The Republican Establishment is Worse Than Trump
Donald Trump: The post truth candidate
Rep. Duncan Hunter: Trump is not a policy wonk, he's a leader. And we need a leader as president.
Trump Completely Changes Bush Lied! Answer To EXACT Same Question To EXACT Same Anchor 12 Hours Apart
The comb-over creep who hates women: Selina Scott reveals how Donald Trump stalked her for 20 Years
Hillary Calls Bernie Supporters Losers Who Live In Their Parents Basements
Trumps Strategy: Making Excuses For Why He Will Lose
Conservatives Should Get Some BallsWin or Lose Indiana. Semper #NeverTrump
Republicans, Go For Brokered!
Trump may be too poor for a third party run
Donald Trump Promises To Get Rid Of That Turbulent First Amendment
Ben Shapiro: "Cops shoot black suspects. It must be racism. Suspect shoots cops, says he wanted to kill white people. It must be guns."
This has been an exceptional Presidential nomination cycle. On both sides, its really unlike anything weve seen in the modern era. The likely GOP candidate to reach the magic number of 1,237 is Ted Cruz. You probably havent heard that very much in the news. This is being done by design.
Trumpcare would require more government than Obamacare
10 reasons you cant be a Christian and vote for Donald Trump
Opinion: Ted Cruz, A Personal Look At A Humble Man
Ted Cruz Is The Only Candidate for President Conservatives Can Trust
Ted Cruz is still the alternative to Donald Trump
Rand Paul hints at dropping out
Trump: We'll Just Print Money to Avoid the Default I Specifically Advocated for on Saturday
Trump slides in national GOP poll
Ben Shapiro Kills Trump's Whining About Delegate Process in One Tweet
Donald Trump has 1 office open in all of Florida. Thats a total disaster.
No, Trump Isn't Going to Save The Supreme Court
A Full List of Donald Trump's Rapidly Changing Policy Positions
uh oh. Donald Trump does not have a campaign
David Duke: Trump 'Our White Knight'
Fifty Eight Percent Disapprove of Cruz-Kasich Alliance in Indiana
A lot of us don't like Trump but at least he's right on things like Islam and immigration
Further evidence of Trump's Colorado hypocrisy
Hey, Mr. Trump? Divorce Yourself from Planned Parenthood
Ted Cruz ROCKS CPAC audience, rips on the Donald for skipping out!! [Full Speech and Q&A
Megyn Kelly Calls Donald Trump a "Con Artist" who "Fleeced" Victims for a Pending Law Suit (VIDEO)
David Duke: Ex-KKK leader says he would like to serve as Donald Trump's secretary of state
Donald Dummkopf tweets ATTACK on Rubio, doesnt realize its a MAJOR COMPLIMENT
The Republican establishment packed the debate audience with Donald Trump haters
RATINGS ARE IN: Fox News gets FOUR TIMES as many viewers as Trump anti-debate rally!!!
Skeptical Climate Documentary Set to Rock UN Climate Summit  Climate Hustle To Have Red Carpet Premiere in Paris
Source: Trump attempted boardroom kiss
Shock California Primary Poll: Trump 54, Cruz 20
Former Pro-Trump Operative Disavows GOP Frontrunner
The Worst of Donald Trump
The NeverTrump Crowd should get a life
Donald Trumps Huge Lies
Trump lawyers given court date over lawsuit alleging rape of 13-year-old
Inside Donald Trump's Meltdown
Pharmaceutical Exec: Hillary Clinton Has Parkinson's Disease
Why facts dont matter to Trumps supporters - The Washington Post
1:00PM EST LIVE
Delegates Have Enough Votes to Nominate Cruz on 1st Ballot
Indiana paves the way for the 'Biff Tannen presidency'
Shock: Perry dumps Cruz, endorses Trump on The View we must beat Hillary
KKK Leader Hates Ted Cruz, Endorses Donald Trump: What He Believes In, We Believe In.
A young Ted
Trump Struggles to Stall Trump University Trial Quagmire
Cruz Campaign Running Out Of Cash
Senator Ben Sasse Explains Why He Joined #NeverTrump
Donald Trump & First Amendment -- Hed Gut It
Trump hit by Rubio and Cruz in KKK endorsement flap
Donald Trump praised the Tiananmen Square Massacre
Now I Am Being Serious, Deadly Serious: Stopping The Trump Disgrace
Swing States Are Swinging Left
President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama did carve out time in their day to stand in front of Scalias casket, then moved to a portrait of the Justice before exiting the building. The entire process lasted about two minutes. And heres how Michelle spent the moment of silence.
Your Nominee
Trump supporter yells Go to f*cking Auschwitz at protesters
Haley to endorse Rubio
Cruz prosecutes Trump: This is a man who is not prepared to be president
Donald Trump Makes History With Zero Major Newspaper Endorsements
Reuters poll: Hillary back up to 12-point lead, 45/33
2016 GOP Convention: Donald Trump's Weaknesses on Full Display
Dozens of lawsuits accuse Trump of not paying his bills, reports claim
Bill mentioned, The only time Hillary gets aroused or agree to play sexy is after she snorts coke. But, even then, shes rigid and frigid. Hillary goes ape-shit crazyI mean screams, hits, and cussesif I touch her breasts!
HP stock went up 7% the day Carly Fiorina got fired.
Trumps minions know no Low:Michelle Fieldss Honduran Born Mama Is Pro-Amnesty, Anti-Trump Activist
The Brutal Assault of Michelle Fields
Trump Campaign Manager Faces Serious New Allegations About Conduct With Female Reporters
Politico: Why Israel Loves Donald Trump
Glenn Beck Brings Fasting Child on Stage at Cruz Rally, Yells: "This is the Priesthood Rising!" (VIDEO)
Largest Border Patrol Union: Donald Trump Is "Only Candidate" to Support Agents
They must be terrified. More hatred from the Left. Death threats and White Powder envelopes to Trumps Kids.
Even Millennials Want No Part of Trump
Trump has shouted "FIRE" in a political theater
Ted Cruz slams Donald Trump: We cant be fooled by P.T. Barnum, Mr. Cruz said, alluding to the late founder of the Barnum & Bailey Circus. The time for the clowns and the acrobats and the dancing bears has past.
This One Flaw Makes Donald Trump Ineligible To Be President
Ted Cruzs Integrity Trumps Dirty Tricks
Trump: Cruz Gave us Justice Roberts Who 'Gave us Obamacare'
YOU ARE LYING if you say Justice Scalias comments are RACIST!
Ted Cruz on why Indiana voters should choose CRUZ! [FULL Fox Indianapolis interview
Trump has been a democrat his whole life up until very recently. Here is a video of him constantly changing his position.
Donald Trump's history of controversies with women
Donald Trump will (almost certainly) never be elected president. Heres why.
Ted Cruz: Trump agreed with Hillary on Libya, John Kerry, Israel, Wall Street Bailouts; owes candor to the American public on tax info
That Time Trump Sued a Writer  and Lost Huge
Cruz lays out optimistic vision for his administration
New York never mattered, Ted Cruz won the Presidency
George Bush just gave an amazing speech at the Dallas memorial for fallen officers. Unlike Obama's speech today, he had no political agenda, no cheap humor, and aimed to invoke a great sense of pride and honor in the officers this country lost.
Cruz Can Unite The GOP, There Is No #NeverCruz
OSHKOSH, Wis.  Donald Trump's latest rude comments about Ted Cruz's wife are raising new alarms among Republicans about the party front-runner's ability to win over women, especially in a potential fall presidential match-up with Hillary Clinton.
Trump's "staunch media ally", David Pecker, CEO of Enquirer tabloid magazine, "protected Trump from stories his reporters wanted to break, they were "furious." They are "very close" and "scratch each other's back." This story published August 17, 2015.
In 2002, Donald Trump Said He Supported Invading Iraq
Glenn Beck endorses Constitution Party nominee Darrell Castle (x-post r/castleforpresident)
Battleground poll: Clinton leads in FL, CO, VA, NC; Trump no higher than 38% in any state
Ted Cruz links Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton in new Indiana TV spots
Want To Keep Up On Donald Trump? Go to snivelingcoward.com
If Trump Really Wanted To Make America Great Again......
Cruz: Trump Should Debate Me, Not Whine About My Alliance With Kasich
The Crowd Goes Wild as Trump Waves LGBT Flag During a Rally | One of the reasons why I cannot vote for Trump
Was Hillary wired for sound last night?
Does anyone else feel like they are living this scene when talking to a never Trumper ?
Trumps acceptance speech littered with economic ignorance
Why the Donald Trump child rape lawsuit is credible and can't be dismissed
Brad Thor/Glenn Beck Flap Reveals Trump Supporters To Be Social Justice Warriors
Is Trump Already Retreating From SCOTUS Nominees?
Trump LIES to CNN when admitting he LASHED OUT at Cruzs father with bogus JFK story
Heidi Cruz says 'Ted is an immigrant'
I voted for Donald Trump in NY
Colorado GOP posts We did it. #NeverTrump on twitter
Watch Donald Trump Blame Pam Geller For Inciting Violence ( Uh Oh Trumpies, the donald is making fool's out of you again ! )
Kasich: Trump created toxic enviroment
3 Egregiously Stupid Things Trump Said In The Debate Last Night
Cruz photoshops stock image in attempt to tie Rubio to Obama
Reminder: Donald Trump is a cowardly draft dodger
Trump Plays It Smart, While the Rest of the GOP Field Rips Itself Apart | The Nation
Cruz Flails at Trumpless Debate
Climate changers shocked and puzzled by snow in January
Job Applicant...
Michigan town elects first Muslim majority city Council. Another sign of creeping sharia law in the US?
Cruz has a 60% chance of winning California, making a contested convention the most likely scenario.
Trump Fans are Totally Not a Cult
Mark Levin: The Cruz-Kasich Alliance is Not 'Collusion,' It's The 'Art of the Deal'
Donald Trump Has Tiny Hands PAC Is Launched
BRUTAL: Anti-Trump ads feature a former POW and Special Forces military BLASTING the Donald!
The Trump Endorsers Hall of Shame
Trump Won't Disavow David Duke, KKK Support, 'I Will Do Research On Them'
Why the Paris climate deal is meaningless
Finally, Fox News Grows a Pair
Debate Without Trump Gets Better Ratings Than Last Debate with Trump
12 Times Pope Francis Has Openly Promoted A One World Religion Or A New World Order
This is sadly true
Ted Cruz won more votes in Wisconsin than Donald Trump did in New York
Khizr Khan Has Written Extensively On Sharia Law
Trump Reveals His Liberal Heart
You wont see this mentioned much  Prince was a CONSERVATIVE and a REPUBLICAN!
The Delusions Of Dump Trump
About that famous liberal tolerance ...
Hillary the Philanthropist
Ted Cruz in Indiana "If you care about immigration, Donald is laughing at you. And he's telling the moneyed elites he doesn't believe what he's saying....He will betray you on every issue across the board."
Freedom Died Today
Ted Cruz: Donald Trump doesn't know how to grow the economy
Voicemails show Trump is a con-man, not an enemy of liberal media at all, instead he's their friend.
Trump Campaigns Like A Twitter Troll
Ben Carson's Dishonesty Is Bone Deep
Polls: Trump Down 11 to Hillary Nationally, Trails Millennials by 36, Losing in Arizona
Guy Whos Afraid of Megyn Kelly Calls Ted Cruz a Pu**y
Ted Cruz and Mark Steyn Destroy 'Man-Made Global Warming' in Under 4 Minutes...
the Choice
Spineless establishment Republicans care more about their jobs than the future of America
New Game-Changing Poll Shows Ted Cruz Clobbering Trump By Double Digits in Indiana
After a sweeping victory in Colorado, Presidential candidate Ted Cruz issued the following statement
Democrat Donald: Trump Supports the Most Liberal New York Democrats
Cruz could gain 10 more delegates from Louisiana: report
Donald Trump: AMERICAN's are stupid if they listen to Ben Carson and vote for me !
New Ted Cruz Ad HITS Trump, pushes optimistic message for American workers
5 out of 6 Recent Polls Show Marco Rubio Leading Hilary Clinton Head-to-Head
WOW: New Fox News National Poll Shows Ted Cruz Has Destroyed Trump's Lead
The world's worst kickstarter?
It's Official Now, Trump Will Break THIS Promise, Too. Trump's Taxes to Remain Sealed.
Trump whines about bad system after disastrous Loss, Team Cruz slaps him down in response!!
Trump Said He'd Make a Deal Between Israelis and Palestinians. Here Are 10 Reasons He's a Dolt.
Ted Cruz is No Anchor Baby, Donald Trump
Dear Trump Fan, So You Want Someone To Tell It Like It Is? OK, Here You Go.
Criticism of Trump Draws Online Harassment, Threats
Trump Apparently Quotes Russian Propaganda To Slam Clinton On Benghazi
Ted Cruz CALLS OUT Trump for INCITING violence!
"Trump is on the verge of victory. Does this mean hes about to win the White House? Absolutely not, because that has never been his goal."
Meet the Trumpocrats: Lifelong Democrats Breaking with Party Over Hillary Clinton to Support Donald Trump for President
Investigation: Trumps business empire has $650 million in debt, twice the amount publicly known
Donald Trump's Red-State Problem
Donald Trump's Week of Lies, Outrages, Broken Promises, and Shady Associations
Putin Hired Internet Trolls To Pretend To Be Pro-Trump Conservatives
Deeply in debt to Russians, Donald Trump may only be running for President to avoid bankruptcy
Trump Unleashes Garbage Trumponomics in Front of Garbage Wall
Voting For Gary Johnson?
The Magic of Donald Trump [2011, note the author
Lindsey Graham: "Donald Trump's nationalism will lead to another 9/11"
If Donald Trump makes a deal for Cruz to become the next Justice Scalia for his endorsement, what would you guys think?
Not only did Trump win every state last night, he won every single county as well.
Ted Cruz's Upbeat Primary Night Speech
Clinton leads Trump by just 3 points in new poll
Cruz Campaign Vetting Carly for VP
The face you make when you realize you may have to run against Ted Cruz
Is Trump Running to Make Socialism Great Again?
Latina fan pays price for Trump support: Entire family and business terrorized by leftists
North Carolina sheriff's office probes whether Trump 'incited riot'
At Chicago hotel and elsewhere, Trump used foreign student labor he vows to ban
Caitlyn Jenner Says Donald Trump ''Would Be Very Good for Women's Issues, Calls Hillary Clinton a ''F--king Liar''Watch! on I Am Cait
Good unbiased analysis of Trump.
Tech CEOs Meet with GOP Leaders to Stump Trump
Donald Trump Needs 7 of 10 White Guys
Mitt Romney declared it a time for choosing but could not bring himself to choose.
Mittens, Republican presidential loser, has officially jumped the shark.
Trump's motorcade...
Trump The Absolver Begins His Left Turn
Why Stopping Trump Is Of Utmost Importance
A Serious Question for Trump Supporters
Marco Rubio: Donald Trump Should Sue Whoever Messed Up His Face
Bad News For Ted Cruz: Rumors Swirl Regarding Donor Doubts About Campaign's Future
Glenn Beck: God Brought About Scalias Death So America Would Vote For Ted Cruz
Trump and Rubio Cannot Simply Scream Liar When Someone Points Out Their Actual Positions
TED CRUZ most likely to emerge against Trump!!
Beyonce delivers highly political Super Bowl halftime show
Evangelical Alert: Trump IS the Establishment
BREAKING: Military Martial Law Bill Sneaked Through by Senate
Donald Trump is OWNED by Every Bank on Wall Street
On Guns, Democrats Have Nothing Left But Emotion
Ted Cruz wins debate, according to Ballotcraft
Can we stop with the Trump Bashing and the "X would have been a better candidate" Posts?
Sean Hannitys TrumperTantrum: Now blaming Glenn Beck for Trump losing like a dog
Ted Cruzs Support Softens Among the Delegates He Courted
How to Vote on April 26 and May 3 to Stop Trump  Never Trump
For All Those Saying Trump Has Majority Support, Heres A Stunning Fact
About Heidi Cruz, Our Future First Lady (I Hope)
Trump's Debate Was a Disaster. If Voters Notice.
Liberal hypocrisy
There Is No Such Thing as 'Transgendered' -- Conservatives win when people have the truth, because modern liberal causes are always built on lies. When conservatives buy into the lie, we lose.
Donald Trumps supporters have been fixing poll results for 25 years
If He Can't Man Up Against Cruz, How Will He Handle Other World Leaders?
Heres Why #TrumpLovesPecker Is Trending on Twitter
53% of Republicans said they would "prefer to see someone [other than Trump
Being Presidential Is Not in Trumps DNA
The Alt-Right Is Neither Christian Nor Conservative
Trump Foundation Donated to LGBT Group that Promotes Homosexuality to Kindergartners
SHOCK: You Wont Believe Just How Connected Khizr Khan Is To Hillarys Email Server
Flip-Flops Galore: Trump Now Saying Banning Muslims Was "Just a suggestion", When Previously We "Had No Choice"
Science Is NOT A Good Substitute For God
Trump supporters easily FOOLED by a HOAX account claiming an affair with Cruz
Judge Jeanine: The Establishment Wants to 'Sabotage' Trump and Is 'In Bed with the Democrats' -
Donald Trump is a bigger frontrunner to be the Republican nominee than you think
Ted Cruz is apparently a scotch man
Trump on accuser: 'Believe me, she would not be my first choice'
Science is now racist, apparently.
A message to Never Trumpers.
Donald Trump has a massive Catholic problem
The Kinder, Gentler Trump Goes on Twitter Attack a Day After Campaign Manager Says He Doesn't Hurl Insults
Trump Leads Clinton by 5+ Points in the Key Battleground State of Pennsylvania
Making Daddy Proud: Malia Obama Caught Smoking Weed
Trump Admits He Never Saw Any Video of Money Being Unloaded from a Plane, Despite Claiming that he Did Twice
Khizr Khan: Allah Is Causing Trump to Make Stupid Mistakes
Why Voting for Donald Trump Is a Morally Good Choice
GOP, I'm Leaving You For The Constitution Party
Melania Trump's Big Difference from Michelle Obama: American Pride
Why is there no snoo for fourth of july? They had one for gay pride day...
As Hillary Continues to Rise, Trump Counters By Not Campaigning
TrumpBot Eric Bolling says you can have your principles back after the election
Survey: Donald Trump supporters most aggressive online
Collusion Implosion=> 58% of Indiana GOP Voters Disapprove of Cruz-Kasich Tag-Team Against Trump
Exclusive: Donald Trump Losing Unbound Delegates
Ted Cruz Hammers Donald Trump on the Issue that Hurts the Most
Donald Trump -- Delegate Plurality Is Not Enough
The problem with the Donald Trump is too unpopular to become president argument
Amanda Carpenter is Right. Blackball the Trump Endorsers.
Trump University Ads Promised To Make Students Millionaires
Carly Fiorina: Ted Cruz says 'whatever' to get elected
Trump misspells lying at campaign rally
Why Trump might be the best Republican to take on Hillary
Donald Trump Reportedly Told The New York Times What He Really Thinks About Immigration in Secret
Trump Will Be So Radioactive By November, His Own Supporters Will Deny Him
Rubio and Cruz Should Go Gore on Trump in next debate
Why President Trump Would Be A Bigger Disaster Than Hillary
Trump campaign manager: 'We don't have any donors' | PolitiFact Virginia
Marco Rubio Wins as Many Delegates in South Carolina as Did the 20 Million Illegals He Wants to Make US Citizens
Flashback: How Does Trump Not Know That His Democrat Bush Lied Talking Point Was Thoroughly Discredited . . . In 2008
Sanders and Trump are the same Totalitarian Candidate
Guess Who Is the Most Popular Republican Candidate Among Muslim Voters
Why This Female Cannot Support Donald Trump
Gallup: 'Trump Most Unpopular Candidate of Either Party'
Donald Trump: The lobbyists' dream come true
Mike Huckabee Backs Donald Trump's Values, Points to Other Candidates' Flip Flops
Obama's State of the Union Climate Nonsense, Debunked
Obama In Paris: Mass Shootings Dont Happen In Other Countries
Bernie Sanders Is Almost Totally A Creation Of The Wealth He Disdains
Donald J. Trump will take the next step in his religious outreach effort next week when he announces the endorsement of a group of 100 African-American pastors and religious leaders at his Manhattan headquarters.
Maybe you should take a peek at the rule book...
Racial Inequality
A Pro Ted Cruz Alternative to the Drudge Report
Donald Trumps Incompetent Campaign Is Losing the Delegate Battle
Trump Has 'Evolved' on These Four Major Issues Since Cruz Dropped Out
Trump leads by 15 in Indiana, Clinton by 7
The Ego Has Landed: Why Trump Damaged Himself Tonight
The Emperor Trump Has No Clothes -- But Was He Disrobed Too Late?
In A Two-Man Race, Cruz Is Beating Trump 2 To 1 In Delegates
Donald Trump didn't cut checks for veterans charities until the very day the press forced him to respond
Donald Trump's victory is a disaster for Republicans and for America
Glenn Beck: "No real Christian" should support Trump
Hillary Clinton is running for Emperor https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/24584
Poll: Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump by 14 points nationally
Loudmouth Trump adviser starts SCREECHING about Female GENITAL MUTILATION to dodge question!!
Trump Supporters in Colorado Get Angry when Trump's Policies are Turned on Them
The Art of the Con - Donald Trump
Donald Trump -- Ted Cruz & Marco Rubio Demolish Him in Debate
POLL: Without Trump 83% Say They WILL NOT Watch GOP Debate
Trump THREATENS that he will dismantle the First Amendment as President!
Melbourne street artist behind racy Hillary Clinton mural has Instagram account deleted - Its fine to go on and do a mural on Trump, but when I go and do one on Hillary Clinton, my account is gone.
College Liberal at it again...
Ben Shapiro: "I will never vote for Donald Trump."
Cruz forces out-hustle Trump, look to pack Wash. state GOP convention
Who is the real hero..?
Donald Trump says he'd force U.S. military to commit war crimes
Anderson Cooper to Trump: Thats the argument of a FIVE YEAR OLD!
Ted Cruz SCHOOLS Donald Trump on immigration and being liked in Washington  The Right Scoop
No, The Bundy Brother's Oregon Militia Are Not Terrorists
Look! Donald Trump just called some girl fat!!
Ben Shapiro: What Next For #NeverTrump? Never Means Never.
No, a Vote for a Third Party Candidate is NOT the Same as a Vote for Hillary
Hey @realDonaldTrump STOP LYING, Ted Cruz has always talked tough on immigration and HERES PROOF
HOLY FUCKING SHIT NOT A DRILL- Doctor who pulled Hillary's blood clot found dead, ruled a "suicide" [x-post from The_Donald
America, You Have No Right to Judge Donald Trump
EXPOSED: Trump Is STOMPING Hillary, Numbers Leave Her Shaking In Her Pantsuit
Donald Trump Blasts the Fire Department That Had Just Saved Him from Being Trapped in an Elevator
Donald J. Trump on Twitter: Wow, Ted Cruz got booed off the stage, didn't honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!
Stealing an election - a take on the Convention and why we need to keep pushing for Cruz
Dont be fooled, Donald Trump is not a conservative
Does Donald Trump Stand For Anything?
Marco Rubio's gay scandal surfaces
Donald Trump: Serial Rapist of Truth
Donald Trumps Inevitability: More Myth Than Reality
Donald Trump's first TV ad shows migrants 'at the southern border,' but they're actually in Morocco | PolitiFact
Trump: I Never Said Russia Didn't or Wouldn't Invade Ukraine (Yes He Did)
Obama SPOKE for ME and EVERY AMERICAN  Trump LOVED Barrys gun-grabbing Newtown speech!!
Indypolitics informal survey: Cruz 40%, Trump 33%, Kaisch 26%
Trump Jeopardizes GOP House Majority
Account Karma and Age Requirements for Posting Here
Fact-check: How did the Better Business Bureau rate Trump University?
South Carolina  Trump Meets His Ceiling
Ted Cruz Got Donald Trump to Defend Planned Parenthood on Stage in South Carolina
I'm Angry! So I'm Voting For Donald Trump.
Shapiro: Welcome To Steve Bannon's Trumpocalypse
Hillary Clinton doesnt flinch as a fly LANDS on her face during presidential debate
Donald Trump sounds like he supports what he once labeled amnesty
Hillary Supporters Want To Repeal 2nd Amendment
Trumpet to conservatives: you may not like me but you have to vote for me because I'll make the right Supreme Court picks.
Enter Trumpenstein: The monster created by a feckless GOP
As evidence mounts, its getting harder to defend Edward Snowden
Libertarian Party: Jeb and Mitt, we welcome your vote and admire your courage!
Ryan has no plans to raise money for Trump
Stossel: No, not Trump or Clinton. Voters really do have another choice
Donald Trump tells Californians there is no drought
Trump camp concedes it's low on money
Libertarian Austin Petersen Makes Glenns Heart Skip a Beat
Trump doesnt expect to release his tax returns before November"
Trumps turn right started a long time ago
U.S. Senator Ben Sasse Reads Mean Tweets From Trump Supporters
See Paul Run: Why the GOP spurning Trump is ultimately a good thing
Gary Johnson -- Libertarian Party Presidential Candidates Moment Is Now | National Review
Trump posts stupid Cinco de Mayo tweet  accidentally reveals hes creeping on his ex-wife
It's time for Conservatives to unite against Trump because as true Conservatives you can not be for him no matter what.
The truth behind Donald J. Trump. An employee speaks out.
Priesthood Rising: Glenn Beck says God Prolonged GOP Primary So Every State Could Choose Between Good or Evil
50 State Snapshot: Trump, Cruz Lose to Clinton, While Kasich Wins
This Is the Ad That Is Driving Donald Trump Bonkers
CNBC's Jim Cramer: Trump 'Right About Trade'
How You Beat Trump - Ace of Spades HQ
Trump Is Asked About Social Security: Blathers About Saudi Arabia (VIDEO)
Breaking: Secret Service Visits The Blaze Studios Following Glenn Beck Stabbing Comments
Who Said It: "Donald Trump Has Shown An Extraordinary Ability To Understand Our Economy, To Create Jobs"
Donald Jr. interviewed by a white supremacist
SurveyUSA Poll - Trump, Rubio & Cruz beat Clinton - Cruz and Rubio lose to Sanders - Trump ties Sanders
Global Bully
Ted Cruz Has A Huge Math Problem
Trump FLIP FLOPS on whether Bush should have been impeached within 12 hours
Trump Dominating Drudge Report Readers Pick Poll, Bigger Lead than Any Previous Poll
Donald Trump: The Cowardly Conservative?
Donald Trump a Typical New York City Liberal Then and Now
Obama Sheds Tears While Demanding He Be Allowed To Be Dictator...
Donald Trump is a Big Government Progressive
Trump in 1989 Central Park Five interview: "Maybe hate is what we need"
Donald Trump has blown off nearly his entire remaining campaign schedule.
No, Sean Hannity, Its Folks Like You Who Are Electing Hillary
Trumps Big Tax Hike
Why Pro-Life Conservatives Should Pick Gary Johnson
Khan specializes in visa programs accused of selling U.S. citizenship
Totally how it works...
Jeb Bush slams Trumps taco tweet | Its like eating a watermelon and saying I love African-Americans.'
Trump is the Anti-Reagan
Trump fans and SJWs, two sides of the same authoritarian coin.
If the Donald Loses in November, It Wont Be #NeverTrump Thats to Blame
Ted Cruz lost a New York district to Ben Carson
Don Lemon Takes Down Donald Trump Spokeswoman: Youre Being Very Disingenuous
Trump Wins Over AIPAC Audience With Strong pro-Israel Stance
Pete Rose Did Not Endorse Trump
Trump And His Protesters Both Hate Free Speech
Texans see Cruz as least honest(37%), followed by Trump(35%), then Rubio(17%). They see Rubio most positively(64%), then Cruz(56%), then Trump(45%).
Why My German-Born Dad is Terrified of Trump
Caucus/Primary Locator -- Where to go to vote for Cruz
EXPOSED: FoxNews Planned an Ambush for Donald Trump at Iowa Debate
The Burden of Proof on Climate Change
Progressivism and Racism
Colorado Shooter identifies as a woman on Voter Registration. So much for Conservative Christian White Guy.
Sanders voting fraud dilemma
On Gateway Pundit Two Years Ago: "Ted Cruz Isnt The Problem With The Republican Party; Hes The Solution." Remember when conservatives supported conservatives? Yeah, that was great.
".@SenDeanHeller won't vote for @realDonaldTrump in November. NV Senator goes NeverTrump.
Trump knew about the delegate process in 2012. Now he feigns outrage.
LOL! Ted Cruz campaign store now selling #TrumperTantrum baby bibs!!
CREEPY: Trump makes supporters raise right hand at rally and PLEDGE to vote in primary
The moment of truth: We must stop Trump
CNN host Fareed Zakaria calls for jihad rape of white women
Trump Foundation lacks the certification required for charities that solicit money
Morning Consult poll: Clinton gains four points after debate
Not in My Name, NeverTrumpers
Election forecast is a disaster for trump
Donald Trump's Race to the Bottom Becomes a Sprint
Trump's Ghostwriter: If I Were Writing 'Art of the Deal' Today It'd Be Called 'The Sociopath'
Major Donor and Trump Victory Committee Member RESIGNS in Protest over Denial of Roll Call Vote
Hugh Hewitt: Its time to change the convention rules and dump Trump
Trump hits back at PGA with ominous warning: If I become your president, this stuff is all going to stop
Trumps Campaign Is a Managerial Garbage Fire
Megyn Kelly's Influence At Fox News Badly Damaged Following War On Trump
With Donald Trump, The Republican Party Left Me
Now Is The Time To Fight For Truth, Not Unity
My Open Letter to the GOP on Why I'm Leaving
Flashback: Trump, the Draft Dodger who Insulted POW's says: "I love war"
Fact: NeverTrump = Anti-Gun
The Will of the People: Making RINOs Great Again
Trump voters, @reince, @GOP --You feared a party civil war? Well you got it.
How the heck can Ted Cruz beat Hillary Clinton in an election? (Serious)
Donald Trump Holds Primary VICTORY Press Conference At Trump Tower, NY [4/25/16
Donald Trump Advert - Washington Is Broken
Ted Cruz on The Dana Show
Ted Cruz: Not just another face in the crowd
Donald Trump's file | PolitiFact
Bill Maher endorses Ted Cruz
Here are some delicately designed quotes by Donald Trump for you to share
Donald Trump has won 37 percent. Hard to get to 270
Donald Trump is counting on an anti-trade backlash that doesn't appear to exist
Glenn Beck: Failure to Elect Ted Cruz Will Leave Us With Blood on Our Hands
Ted Cruz Accomplished Exactly What he Wanted to Yesterday
Donald ( the scamster ) Trump is a Trump University Professor
Donald Trump & Republican Primary -- North Carolina Conservatives Should Reject Him
How the GOP Insiders Plan to Steal the Nod From Trump
"Only One Man Can Stop the GOP From Breaking Apart Into Pieces, and That Man Is the Little-Loved Ted Cruz"
If Donald Trump becomes President, his supporters will soon experience epic disillusionment
Beating Trump In Debate
Poll: Those backing Clinton and Sanders were far more likely to oppose freeing the slaves than were Rubio supporters. They were also more likely to approve of FDRs Japanese internment. In fact, almost 25% of Clinton supporters backed FDRs racist policy, compared with just 10% of Rubio supporters.
Why Trump Isn't the Inevitable Nominee
Glenn Beck Responds to South Carolina Primary Results: Join Me in a Fast for Ted Cruz
Poll: Trump dominant in South Carolina
Cruz: Apple Should Open San Bernardino Attacker's Phone
Bush: "My mom is the strongest woman I know." Trump: "She should be running."
BOOM! Karl Rove Breaks Down How Cruz Camp's Cheating Stole Iowa from Trump (VIDEO) - The Gateway Pundit
Here's What Trump Has Said About Pelosi, Reid, Hillary, Schumer, and Obama. And He's Anti-Establishment?
I reject Donald Trump and would never vote for him. Here's why.
Go Home, Sarah. You're Drunk.
The Elf on the Shelf is preparing your child to live in a future police state, professor warns
Lies, Damned Lies, and Global Warming Statistics
No, John Oliver, France Is Not in a Pastry Fight with Jihadists
Gov. Scott Walker: Why I support Ted Cruz
It's Time For All Marco Rubio Supporters -- And All Conservatives -- To Unite Around Ted Cruz
Poll: Ted Cruz eats into Donald Trump's national lead
The Federal Government Should Follow the Constitution and Sell Its Western Lands
Republican Women Are Unendorsing Trump Twice As Fast As Men Are
Gay Couple Arrested For Raping Their 9 Adopted Sons, Say They Were Just Showing Them Other Ways
Michigan: Clinton 41, Trump 32
Donald Trump Is Correct To Hit La Raza Judge For Latino Identity Politics
Toxic Trump: Poll Says Bye Bye Cuban Vote In Florida If He's The Nominee
Trump has a 9/11 problem  and its not 7/11
Ted Cruz sex scandal story leaked to National Enquirer by Marco Rubio ally, not Donald Trump, report says
Donald Trump says everybody loves him. This chart proves him very wrong.
25% of Donald Trumps political spending goes to his own companies
5 Reasons Every American Should Oppose Donald Trump
Thanksgiving...
Limbaugh: Cruz 'Has Got to Be Your Guy'  'Closest to Reagan'
Ted Cruz selling yoga matts after admonishing Trump to "breathe"
Ted Cruz obliterates Trump on Supreme Court nominees
After Marco Rubio started to come at Ted Cruz, hes been pushing back just as much as hes been given, first with a great ad a few days ago, and now with this similar attack.
The Reason Donald Trump is Unfit to Be President
Ted Cruzs Flat Tax Plan: His Path to Victory
I guess they won't be voting...
I was wrong: President Trump would be way scarier than President Cruz
Myth of the Moderate Muslim
Your handy guide to Liberalism and Islam!
Cruz Wins Idaho, Solidifies Role as Trump Alternative
Time to John Birch the Alt-Right
Ted Cruz Delivers a Simple Three-Word Answer to a Difficult QuestionAnd The Audience Erupts
Donald Trump Takes His Voters For Granted, Just Like The Politicians His Supporters Hate.
NYTIMES: Two Women Say Donald Trump Touched Them Inappropriately
FLASHBACK VIDEO: Hillary Clinton Threatens Bill Clinton's Accusers
Trump massacred in delegate fights once more More than 90 delegates were up for grabs Saturday. And Ted Cruz grabbed most of them. Again. (32/42 in GA)
3 Problems With Media Coverage Of Attacks On Heidi Cruz
Breitbart Exclusive on Cruz/Carson Incident
Ted Cruz KILLS IT when asked about not being endorsed by the establishment
Harvard Republican Club Will Not Support Party Nominee Donald Trump
Rubio Reads Trump's Drunk Tweets and Suggests He Wet His Pants
Trumps Campaign Assaults Female Reporter: Well, We Didnt Know She was from Breitbart.
Donald Trump  Unfit for Commander in Chief
Pathetic. Trump spox blatantly LIES about Cruz to justify Trumps insults
A former Republican governor, everybody
Trumps threat to the Constitution
Ted Cruzs tax plan can unshackle America
Poll: Cruz Leads Trump by Double Digits in Indiana (In latest poll.)
Donald Trump -- Reagan 1980 Analogy Doesn't Work
Rubio: There will be a reckoning for conservatives who support Trump
Is Ted Cruz Poised to Defeat Trump Today?
(VIDEO) Trump Continues To Flat Out Lie About His Opposition To The Iraq War
Trump tells supporters to go vote on 'November 28th'
FLASHBACK VIDEO: Presidents Being Colorful, Including Obama's "B*tch Nigga Buy Your Own Damn Fries!"
Malia Obama wears a Smoking Kills T-shirt after puffing on cig
Trump's Enablers Will Be Responsible for His Epic Defeat in November
A Viable Third-Party Alternative to Two NY Liberals Has All But Entered the Race
PATHOLOGICAL LIAR: Trump Suddenly Remembers that He Never Met Putin, After All
Why the Trump Camp Lies to #NeverTrump
PANIC: Google Searches for 'Libertarian Party' Surge Following Trump Win
Why Todays Romp by Trump Doesnt Matter
NYT/CBS National Poll: Trump 46%, Cruz 26%, Kasich 20%
Polls: Trump Clobbered by Hillary Among Women, Nonwhites, Millennials
WATCH: This new Trump gif is hilarious!
How the 'Hitlerizing' Media Have Painted A Target Over Trump
I hate to break it to feminists, but 'white male privilege' is a myth
Donald Trump on protester: 'I'd like to punch him in the face'
Ted Cruz: Donald Trump is Scared | March 24, 2016
Trump's New 180 On Immigration: No Mass Deportations
With Tweets on Heidi Cruz, Trump Sinks to New Depths
I'm looking at you Bernie clowns
You embrace Trump you embrace it all every SLUR, every INSULT, every OUTRAGE  Charlie Sykes
Donald Trump's Rallies Are Getting Really Creepy
WOW! Hypocrite Hillary Clinton Used SAME TAX AVOIDANCE LAW as Trump to Save Money on Taxes
Colorado Republicans cancel presidential vote at 2016 caucus [This story was first published on Tuesday, Aug. 25, 2015 at 2:06 p.m.
Why won't Donald Trump debate Ted Cruz?
Monmouth national poll: Clinton hits 50, leads by double digits  in a four-way race
George Will: Trump Has Only Been Pro-life For About 15 Minutes
Trump Logic on Fiscal Conservatism
One hell of an AMA, Thanks Ben!
The Pledge...
Cruz To Levin: Trump Wont Go On Your Show Because You Wont Kiss His Behind [VIDEO
Sarah Palin putting the lipstick on...
Nate Silver - Ted Cruz WON Super Tuesday
With God As My Witness, I Will Never Vote For Donald Trump.
Obama Smirks And Trolls His Way Through His Tribute To Justice Scalia
Cruz stays true
Obama is FIRST PRESIDENT EVER to Not See Single Year of 3% GDP Growth
Carly Fiorina Talks About Trump -- "Donald Trump is an act  hes an entertainer. We dont know his principles  he doesnt know his principles. He doesnt know what he thinks. The reason he doesnt want to talk policy and always succumbs to insults is because he doesnt know what his policies are."
It Is #NeverTrump For Me
Remember When Trump Skipped a Debate To Raise Money For Veterans? The Veterans Still Havent Received Their Money.
A Statement from Gov. John Kasich
In Trump We Trust | Ann Coulter and Stefan Molyneux
Maybe Donald Trump Won't Debate After All
For Conservatives, the 2016 Election is Already Lost
Even George W. Bush Is Fed Up With Trump's Terrible Rhetoric
Reuters | Poll: Clinton 46, Trump 35
Donald Trump full interview with Sean Hannity | FOX NEWS (5/12/2016)
Top McCain aide says he'd back Hillary Clinton over Trump
Soon-to-be-Hillary-victim Trump tweets childish taunts after Indiana win
Skinheads Backing Trump in Pennsylvania
Poll: Donald Trump keeps large lead in New York; ahead in California
15-Year-Old Protester Pepper Sprayed At Trump Rally, Claims She Was Groped (VIDEO)
Did Trump's Campaign Manager Assault Michelle Fields?
Study Says Trump Has The Grammar Of A Fifth Grader
Latest Poll shows Rubio closing in on Trump in Florida
Ben Carson endorses Donald Trump
3 Reasons Donald Trump Is A Social Justice Warrior
Trump to GOP: Unite behind me, or else
Theres Still A Chance To Elect A Real Conservative
Meet Donald Trump: The King of Sleaze
Chris Christies despicable endorsement of Trump
Trump Supporters: You Are Being Manipulated Into A TrumpComa
Trump, on top of supporting merit-based amnesty until a year ago, actually donated to Chuck Schumer in 2010
Ted Cruz Failed to Report a Second Campaign Loan in 2012
Experts: Trumps Muslim entry ban idea ridiculous, unconstitutional
Tavis Smiley interviews Sen. Ted Cruz
Ted Cruz's Daughters Take Over CNN Interview. Too Much Cute to Handle!
Cruz on Trump Reaping What Trump Has Sown
Mentally Unstable Democrat Senate Candidate: Ted Cruz is Not an American
It appears the Melania Trump may have copied her speech from Michelle Obama
A newspaper that hasn't endorsed a Democrat for president in 7 decades shreds Trump as 'not qualified'
why not trump.
Trump Refuses to Condemn Supporters for Sending Death Threats (VIDEO)
10 Signs You've Joined The Trump Cult
Trump's nomination is far from a foregone conclusion, but to prevent it, Cruz must effectively combat the false narratives that Trump is inevitable and that Cruz has stolen delegates. Cruz must also continue to expose Trump for who he really is and what he truly believes.
Whoah! Watch this brutal ad hammer Trump for taking 9/11 money meant for small businesses!!
ON FIRE: Ted Cruz Brings Down the House at Colorado GOP Convention; Where's Donald? [FULL SPEECH
Ted Cruz News Conference on Brussels Terror Attacks
Donald Trump Turns Down Three Chances To Disavow David Duke
Donald Trump: Whiny Little P****"
Ted Cruz Hates New York Values But Sure Loves New York Money
Commentary: Cruz understands dangers, realities of Mideast
Ink Ted Cruz to a Four-Year Contract
Donald Trump Booed by Conservative Crowd After Attacks on Ted Cruz
Ted Cruz BEATS TRUMP in straw poll from New York!!!
It turns out that rules and strategy are a key part of winning.
Dear Republicans, Ronald Reagan would be disgusted by Donald Trump
As a Coloradan it is incredibly frustrating to see all these Johnny come lately posts from Trump and crew
Former Trump super-PAC director: Donald doesnt even want to be president
Why Ted Cruz Is the Right Guy at the Right Time
I Once Heard Donald Trump Speak. Heres Why That Prompted Me To Endorse Ted Cruz.
Conservatives Should Vote for Donald Trump by Victor Davis Hanson
This May Have Been the Moment Trump Snatched Defeat From the Jaws of Victory
UCLA freshman sends roommates list of demands before semester begins
The Latest, Pointless 'Comedy Central Roast' Focused on Ann Coulter Instead of Rob Lowe
More Of The Same: Donald Trump Down Big To Hillary In Key Swing State Polls
The Most Recent Trump Quote That Has Liberals Enraged
Trump Had More Than Twice As Many Rallies Than Clinton So Far In August
The Two Establishments are in Cahoots
7 Steps To Defending Donald Trump: A Guide
Gaffes and Cover-ups: The Nightmare of a Trump Candidacy
Former Trump Campaign Manager Corey Lewandowski Thinks Paul Manafort Should Resign If He Signed off on Melania's Partially Plagiarized Speech
Art of the Deal co-author afraid of Trump President
Has Trump never read the Constitution?
Poll: Trump holds single-digit lead over Clinton in Texas
Ronald Reagan Was Once Donald Trump
Donald Trump's Dream of an American Workers' Party -- Abandoning the low-tax, small-government orthodoxy of the GOP, its nominee says he envisions the Republican Party of the future as a workers party.
Donald Trump is now threatening the 401(k)s of ordinary Americans
Dead heat: Trump, Clinton tied in 3 swing-swing state polls. Florida, Ohio, Pennsylvania.
Surreal: Black Reporter Interviews KKK Leader Who Say's Trump Is The Best Candidate For President
More Evidence On Trumps Strength as a Candidate
Trumps Transgender Remarks: 5 Reasons Why They Matter
Mike Pence's Terrible Nondorsement Of Ted Cruz
Anti-Trump Protester Allegedly Uses Pepper Spray on Two Children, Ages 8 and 11
Priebus slams Never Trump movement, calls for GOP unity
Trump Wants His "Big Beautiful Wall" to be Called the Trump Wall
Townhall.com: Trumpcare Unfairly Blasted by Critics
Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi becomes latest victim of the Trump Curse.
7 Potential Running Mates for Donald Trump
FLASHBACK: Reagan rushed off stage by Secret Service after protester charged...
Former spokesman: Breitbart lying about Trump incident with reporter
Trump Defends Praise Over Chinese Response to Tiananmen Square
Trump Butler: "Incredibly Generous," "Just A Nice Man"
More than 50% of GOP senators would endorse Donald Trump, but many would rather not talk about it
Ronald and the Donald
Larry Kudlow to Mitt Romney: Stop the futile and obnoxious Trump bashing. It won't work.
Keep Your Eye on Convention Rule 40 - The Rush Limbaugh Show. They can change the rules.
Please Vote Responsibly...
Donald Trump is Americas Silvio Berlusconi
Professor Who Says His Statistical Model Has Accurately Predicted Election Outcomes for 104 Years Unveils Odds of a President Donald Trump
Donald trump proves he is one of the 'poorly educated'
Pro-Trump white nationalist robocall: Dont vote for a Cuban
Why Cruz is SCs Biggest Loser
The Cruz Juggernaut (In a Way)!
Donald Trump strikes back at Obama press conference criticism
Report: 9-11 Hijackers Obtained Florida I.D. Cards under Governor Jeb Bush's Watch
Donald Trump Threatens to Sue Ted Cruz Over 'Natural Born' Citizenship if He Doesn't Do These Three Things
Bedtime Tales By Bernie
How Donald Trump helped Democrats pass Obamacare
Don't Be Fooled - Democrats Fear Rubio The Most
LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Special Event for Veterans in Des Moines, IA (1-28-15)
No, the planned parenthood videos were not "deceptively edited"
Can Trump's Supporters Feel Shame About Their Feeble Authoritarianism?
Donald Trump donated to Mitch McConnell to help him beat a Tea Party Candidate in his Primary
How to replace a transmission
Conservative talkers begin to turn on Trump
My dream team:
Children Sing "Allahu Akbar" at Minnesota Public School Holiday Concert - The Gateway Pundit
Obama Helped Spawn The Donald Trump Phenomenon
Desperate Trump Drops Ugly Policy Bomb: Ban All The Muslims Abroad
Russia has more proof ISIS oil routed through Turkey, Erdogan says hell resign if its true
Tax plans collide: Cruz outbids them all with a 10 percent flat rate. The flat tax, long the prize for movement conservatives, applies the same rate to all income levels above a certain minimum threshold.
Wake judge rules against teen facing off against NC on climate change
Establishment Media Narrative Down: Neighbors Say Robert Lewis Dear Never Talked Religion Or Abortion
Mark Levin just announced he is officially #NeverTrump  The Right Scoop
Sorry Mitt...
Sorry Donald, Justice Scalia Would Have Voted for Ted Cruz
How Evan McMullin Could Win Utah And The Presidency
Arizona GOP senator blasts Trump's "560-degree pivot" on immigration
U.S. Debt Held by Public Tops $14,000,000,000,000; Up 122% Under Obama
Manafort: Anti-Trump Republicans Have 'Connections' to Clinton Foundation
Trump to Pastors: 'Christians Have Been Silenced Like a Child'
If David Duke Won, Wouldn't Republicans Have To Vote For Him?
Why I Am Running for President of the United States (x-post r/castleforpresident)
Is Gary Johnson the best Conservative Option in 2016? Currently polling 16% in Conservative Utah
Trump Might Have a Point About Trump Hating Judge Curiel
Report: Trump Did Business With Vicious Mobster Fat Tony. Yes, Really.
Florida's (R) 27th (Miami-Dade) Congresswoman goes NeverTrump .
Failure to Launch: #NeverTrump Third Party Effort Dies Aborning
Glenn Beck's Madness Breaks Alex Jones
Oh, Huffpo.
It's illegal for you to read the leaked emails, only we are allowed to do it. (X-post /r/AnarchoCapitalism)
I'll drink to that!
Clinton has 'nothing to say' about email revealing $12M deal with Morocco's king
Liberal hypocrisy
Hillary Clinton campaign WikiLeaks emails reveal disdain for Catholics, Southerners, 'needy Latinos'
Washington Post on Comey: Before and After Clinton FBI Investigation Re-Opening
Recent Poll Shows More Americans Want Clinton Indicted than Want Her to Be President
I see your sign, and raise you my windows
Free speech...
"Politifact is a legitimate fact checker"
Rigging the Election - Video II: Mass Voter Fraud
Hillary the Philanthropist
WikiLeaks: It Took 12 Clinton Staffers 12 Hours And 10 Drafts To Write One Tweet
LGBT Against Islamaphobia...
The reason people mistrust Hillary Clinton...
the Choice
WOW! Hypocrite Hillary Clinton Used SAME TAX AVOIDANCE LAW as Trump to Save Money on Taxes
Leaked Emails Show Clinton Campaign Coordinating With Soros Organization
Dem Operative Who Oversaw Trump Rally Agitators Visited White House 342 Times
Jack Abramoff: I Was Imprisoned for Same Things Hillary Clinton Has Done
Study: Liberal professors outnumber conservatives 12 to 1
CAUGHT ON CAMERA: Clinton Staffer Says I Could Grab [Her
George... REKT
The awful truth...
An inconvenient truth...
Rigging the Election - Video I: Clinton Campaign and DNC Incite Violence at Trump Rallies
HIDDEN CAM: NYC Democratic Election Commissioner admits voter fraud does indeed exist
Look! Donald Trump just called some girl fat!!
Then & Now...
Shocked!
Tim Kaine Holds Rally and Only 30 People Show Up!
They're not rigged!
WikiLeaks: More evidence Obama knew and lied about Hillary's email server
Trump announcement today shook the Obama Administration to the core
Not so smart...
Liberal pundits concede: Mike Pence won the vice-presidential debate
Jason Chaffetz on Twitter: "FBI Dir just informed me, "The FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation." Case reopened"
Progressives assault homeless black woman protecting Trump's Hollywood Star.
Woman Backtracks on Assault Claim After O'Keefe Video
Ted Cruz Lets Loose on Why He's Standing by Trump: "Hillary Clinton Is an Absolute Disaster"
The Best Debate...
GAMECHANGER: New WikiLeaks Confirms Hillary DELIBERATELY, Criminally Deleted Emails
Remember when...
Common sense regarding Russia
Lawsuit: Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer led illegal purge of male workers
Democrat Corruption is Much Worse Than Trump
Democrats Agree Trump's Accusers Should Be Believed. So, Here's a Full List of Every One of Bill Clinton's.
Trump has 2-point edge in new Florida poll
Trey Gowdy - Hillary Clinton Can Release All 650,000 Emails TODAY if She Wants Transparency
Political insider - Secret Service Agent Says "Good Morning" To Hillary - She Responds with "F--k off"
Feel The Bern
2Breaking: Smoking gun showing Obama Lied to the American public about HRC email server and when he found out. MSM claims Obama never stated he found out via the press. Here's proof that he did.
Trumps Business record is dissected. Let's look at HRC record in U.S. Senate. Hillary Clinton got ONE bill she sponsored written into law. The renaming of a building. She NEVER EVEN ATTEMPTED to pass legislation helping women or children.
Blue Lives Matter is boycotting Ben & Jerry's for its support of Black Lives Matter
Ron Paul calls Black Lives Matter a racially divisive group that doesn't understand economics
"Because you'd be in Jail"
FBI probing new Clinton emails
Busty Ross
It's not rigged!
The Law, not a person, not a pundit, not a blogger, says Hillary is not allowed to be President.
FBI reopening Clinton email investigation
CNN cuts satellite feed as soon as WikiLeaks is mentioned by Congressman Collins
Funny how that works...
2006 Audio Emerges of Hillary Clinton Proposing Rigging Palestine Election
Reddit Admins ban /r/The_Donald from mentioning /r/politics out of fear of harassment/brigading of their mods and board
To be white is to be racist, Norman student offended by teachers lecture
Cruz: I'm still backing Trump
Donna Braziles Deception Is a Symbol For the Big Media Lie
The New Deplorables: Clinton Campaign Staffers Trash Catholics
Limbaugh: 'Ironic That The Democrat Party Wants to Throw Down the Morality Card'
Newly Leaked Emails Reveal Unprecedented Coordination Between Hillary Campaign And Press
Father Morris: Clinton camp mocking Catholics is 'bigotry'
WIKILEAKS: Hillary Staffers Were Happy About Killing of Black Teen to Advance Gun Control This is Great
Obama has sure changed his tune on Hillary's Track Record
Donald J. Trump: "Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee"
New poll: 34 percent 'less likely' to vote for Clinton after new email revelations
Study: Clinton's tax hikes would kill 700,000 jobs
Why Don't We Hear About Soros' Ties to Over 30 Major News Organizations?
Trump recorded having extremely lewd conversation about women in 2005
Activist Who Took Credit For Violent Chicago Protests Was On Hillarys Payroll
University president: Transgender ideology dumbs down the definition of the human being
Wikileaks: Erica Garner Rips Clinton Campaign for Calculating How to 'Use' Father's Death
Rand Paul returns $620,000 to the US Treasury
Watch Clinton Operative Brag About Starting Anti-Trump Chicago Riots That Injured Two Police Officers - DCWhispers.com
Rigging the Election - Video IV: $20K Wire Transfer From Belize Returned
Compare & Contrast
Decisions, decisions...
John Podesta ageees that the Iran Nuclear Deal "is the greatest appeasement since Chamberlain gave Czechoslovakia to Hitler."
Jake Tapper: Do you believe all the claims made against a politician you hate but none against a politician you like? You might want to think about that.
The New York Times abandoned its integrity just to bash Donald Trump
The FBI's Own Investigation Summary Proves Hillary Broke The Law
Cruz: GOP may block Supreme Court nominees indefinitely
Ben Shapiro Destroys The Abortion Argument
Democrats Don't Care About Democracy, They Care About Hillary
Trump releases seven-point health care reform plan . . . and it's excellent
List of States Allowing you to Change Your Vote in Light of Hillarys Federal Investigation
Wikileaks Reveals Clinton Camp Was Posting FAKE "Sexist Trump Job Ads" On Craigslist
Facebook Employees Pushed to Remove Trumps Posts as Hate Speech
Ben Carson to Bill Clinton: 'I don't think I'm a redneck'
Whether It's John McCain, Mitt Romney or Donald Trump, Democrats Always Run War on Women Campaign
DNC caught inciting violence at Trump rallies
Conflict of Interest: PolitiFact and the Clinton Foundation Share Megadonor
NRA says Clinton said something she said. Politifact says NRA claim 'mostly false'
Hillary Clinton in 2002: George W. Bush Was 'Selected, Not Elected'
Chaffetz: FBI Allegedly involved in "Quid Pro Quo" With Clinton
Rigging the Election  Video III: Creamer Confirms Hillary Clinton Involvement
A Democrat-led crowdfunding campaign raised $13,000 to rebuild the bombed GOP office in North Carolina
BREAKING: Federal Elections Commission Suit Filed Against Hillary
WikiLeaks 18: Cheryl Mills Confirms Obama Used Private Email we need to clean this up  he has emails from her  they do not say state.gov
Support For Assault Weapons Ban Hits Record Low
Texas Trump Voters Say Presidential Picks Were Switched to Hillary  Election Officials Cite 'Voter Error'
Elections Expert: "We Now Have 4 Million Ineligible and Dead Voters on American Voter Rolls"
US Chess Champion: Id Rather Sacrifice My Career Than Be Forced to Wear a Hijab
Ted Cruz Accuses NBC of Orchestrating an October Surprise
CNN Formally Severs Ties With Donna Brazile: Completely Uncomfortable With Question-Sharing
Weiner: Before & After
Hillary routinely bullied her bodyguards  and with the worst language possible.
Why aren't we being honest with ourselves about the state of the campaign?
'We are losing control of the streets' Merkel's Germany descends into lawlessness
ABC NEWS: How The Clintons Raped The People Of Haiti
WikiLeaks Dump: Top Clinton Aides Mock Catholicism, Evangelical Christianity
Hillary Clinton: Supreme Court 'Is Wrong on the Second Amendment'
Hillary Directly Fundraised For PAC That Gave Nearly $500K To Wife Of FBI Official Who Led Email Probe - Vessel News
Clarence Thomas Is Conspicuously Absent In The New Black History Smithsonian
[Breaking
Poll Shows Clintons Lead Was Crumbling, Before FBI Bombshell
How Curious: Hillary VP Tim Kaine Has Dinner With Son of George Soros
Has liberalism ruined entertainment for you yet?
Obama administration confirms double-digit premium hikes
One-third of millennials believe more people killed under George W. Bush than under Stalin
Trolls Who Post 'Humiliating' Memes Could Be Jailed Under UK Guidelines
Happy Halloween...
Obama Lied. My Third Health Plan Just Died.
Mike Pence Sets Internet on Fire When He Proudly Declares 'Police Officers Are the Best of Us'
Trump Pledges To Drain The Swamp And Impose Congressional Term Limits | Donald J Trump for President
Trump holds press conference with women who've accused Bill Clinton of sex assault, rape
Ben Shapiro: The Myth of the Tiny Radical Muslim Minority
Mike Pence the most conservative nominee of all, according to American Conservative Union -- Tim Kaine deemed left of Obama, Clinton
Wrong, PolitiFact: Hillary Supports Unlimited, Tax-Funded Abortion
Elijah Cummings And Others Dems Leaked Information To Hillarys Lawyers While Being Part Of The Special Committee on Benghazi
I miss the days when the biggest controversy by a candidate was "Binders full of women".
Hill's Shills: Hillary Clintons Correct The Record (aka Paid Trolls) names publicly listed on FEC website
Abedin implicated Clinton in foundation trade-off with Morocco amid $12 million commitment
10,000 Supporters at Pennsylvania Trump Rally Chant 'CNN Sucks'
Trump going to war with GOP: "So many self-righteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down!"
New Emails: Hillary Needs Podium, Cannot Walk Around
NBC -- Planned to Use Trump Audio to Influence Debate, Election
Scarborough: "We Love Working Here," But NBC Poll Showing Clinton +14 "Couldn't Have Been Cooked More"
Super Bowl champion Burgess Owens has a message about the Democratic Party. The Democratic Party has been anti-black for over 150 years! It was the Republican Party  the party of Lincoln  that fought against slavery, segregation, Jim Crow, KKK. The Davis-Bacon Act.
Pence: I never considered leaving Trump ticket
Awkward
Pence Tells Donors He Is Fully Committed to Trump
This Debate is rigged...
Trump Accuser Said He Abusively 'Nudged' Her at a Concert That Never Happened
Tracking Matthew
WIKILEAKS: Hillary Clinton Needed Someone to Sober Her Up at 4:30 in the Afternoon
John Podesta's Best Friend At The DOJ Will Be In Charge Of The DOJ's Probe Into Huma Abedin Emails
DOJ stalling: won't give FBI a warrant to review new Abedin emails linked to Clinton probe
New Evidence Links Voting Machines And Clinton Foundation
Mitt Romney on Twitter: Hitting on married women? Condoning assault? Such vile degradations demean our wives and daughters and corrupt America's face to the world
Harry Reid lied about Mitt Romneys taxes. Hes still not sorry -- Responds: "Romney didn't win, did he?"
Clinton Campaign, DNC Coordinated With Organizations To Incite Violence At Trump Events - Shown in New O'Keefe Video
NY TIMES 1996 - Americans of all political persuasions are coming to the sad realization that our First Lady - a woman of undoubted talents who was a role model for many in her generation - is a congenital liar.
Donald Trump says the latest FBI documents on Hillary Clinton prove 'corruption at the highest level'
What happens when you overdose Socialism
Ron Paul Wont Vote for Gary Johnson, and Hes Right
'You caused your son great harm by insisting on raising him as a girl': Boy, seven, is sent to live with father after his mother raised him as her daughter
It's Worse! Military is LIVID at Hillary's TOP SECRET Classified Leak
Science vs. Liberal Science...
Insiders At FBI And DOJ: Decision To Let Clinton Slide Was Top Down
Ted Cruz: Every wife, mother, daughter -- every person -- deserves to be treated with dignity and respect.
Five FBI Field Offices are investigating the Clinton Foundation
CNN: Clinton Nuke Launch Talk Exposed Extremely Classified Info, Military Not Exactly Thrilled
America responds to celebrities telling us to vote for Hillary
Bias Alert: Ny Times Reports On 7-Year-Old's Scary Dream About Trump
Gov. Mike Pence says media coverage of North Carolina firebombing 'would be significantly different' if Democrats had been attacked
Sailor's Mom Calls Out Double Standard: Son Is Going to Jail, But No Charges for Hillary?
McAuliffe-FBI-Hillary 'payoff' scandal explodes -- Clinton headlined fundraiser for $500,000 donation to wife of agency boss
Obamacare Premiums going up by an average of 25% next year...
Trump Vows to Sue DNC For Staging Violence at His Rallies  Subverse
Megyn Kelly vs. Donna Brazile: Did You Receive Debate Question Beforehand?; Brazile: I Will Not Be "Persecuted"
Homeless Woman Guards Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame Star
We scored the vice presidential debate and Mike Pence won
Obama's golf weekend with Tiger Woods in 2013 cost taxpayers more than $3.6M
Hillary Clinton embraces George Soros' 'radical' vision of open-border world
MEDIA CORRUPTION: Hillary Up 5 Points in AZ Poll That Interviewed Nearly TWICE as Many Democrats as Republicans
BBC is biased toward the left, study finds: The BBC are more likely to cover left-wing think tank reports and to hail them as independent while giving right-wing research a health warning by pointing out its ideological position, the Centre for Policy Studies have found.
Islamic extremist who said gay men's heads should be chopped off is now teaching children in London
Black History Museum Omits Clarence Thomas, But Guess Who They Decided To Include...
Memo shows Bill Clinton's wealth tied to Clinton Foundation
I paid $40k to be told how to vote.
Sen. John McCain withdraws support for Donald Trump
Donald Trump Totally Called It That Anthony Weiner Was A Security Risk
North Carolina Hillary Supporter Brags on Facebook About Voting Multiple Times
Wikileaks: Multiple US Sources say Kerry Asked Ecuador To Stop Assange
Dallas Stars Will Honor Slain Police Officers With Helmet Decal [PHOTO
Bill Clinton Mocks Trump's Base as 'Your Standard Redneck'
Bombshell: Over 1,000 Illegal Voters in Eight Virginia Localities
Chaffetz: "We've got two years worth of" Hillary investigations
Justice Sotomayor: I Fantasized About Hitting Scalia With A Baseball Bat
Four Men Arrested In Attack On Alabama Teen Who Said 'Blue Lives Matter' - The men, all former Sylacauga High School students, were arrested Tuesday after the Sept. 30 attack against 17-year-old Brian Ogle.
Good Grief. Hillary Tells Black Radio Host She Appreciates Rap Music - Tells Hispanic Host She Loves Mexican Food
Mark Levin defines Hillary's America: A massive, choking administrative state
'Clean This Up:' Wikileaks Shows Hillary Aides Scrambling Over Obama's Email Scandal Lie
Hillary Clinton on environmentalists: Get a life
More Illegal Immigrant Voters Discovered In Philly
WikiLeaks Releases 2,050 Emails From Clinton Campaign Chairman John Podesta
FBI reopens investigation into Clinton email use
Wikileaks
FBI, DOJ roiled by Comey, Lynch decision to let Clinton slide by on emails, says insider
Black Americans for Trump: Ice Cube, Mike Tyson, Shaq, 50 Cent, Sean Combs, and others!
Conservative speaker Ben Shapiro lectures at Yale
Crooked
PhD gives up trying to reason with SJWs
The Bully Party
Amazon pulls offensive sexy burka costume. Sexy Nun, Sister, Habit, and Priest still available
Jake Tapper: Isn't this really all kinda Hillary's fault?
We made history
Steven Crowder's rebuttal of Samantha Bee's abortion lies.
Watch the video Clinton tried to ban. Perfect for a relaxing Sunday.
Wikileaks Release: Hillary Clinton Press Sec Says Gun Control to Be Implemented by Executive Order
Note to NeverTrumpers: Just Because You Dislike Trump Doesn't Make Hillary Anything But Horrible
Huh. Seems the Clinton Foundation Is Also Under FBI Investigation.
Deputies: Woman mistakes meeting for Trump gathering, vandalizes 30+ cars
Ted Cruz: "Voter fraud operative: 45 meetings w/ Obama--this merits a serious criminal investigation (not a James Comey "friends and family" cover-up)."
EXCLUSIVE: FBI Agents Say Comey Stood In The Way Of Clinton Email Investigation
Pro-Hillary students busted for campaigning with school resources
Load of manure dumped at Democratic Party HQ in Ohio
Trump: Clintons Are Now Wealthy; They Didn't Create Or Produce Anything But Sell Out The American Worker
Liberal Billionaire George Soros Mentioned Over 50 Times In Leaked Hillary Campaign Emails
Flashback: Clinton cheered 11th hour indictment that doomed Bush re-election
Pence: 'Many Americans Feel Like This Election Is Being Rigged' By the National Media
Feminist PhD Candidate: Science is sexist because its not subjective, science classes should stop using the scientific method.
Bill Clinton avoids reporters as Hillary is rocked by FBI probe
Trump ramps up attacks on Paul Ryan: 'Weak and ineffective leader'
Trump At Al Smith Dinner: Hillary Clinton Asked Me To "Pardon" Her
Emails show Hillary has the media in her pocket
Majority of Paris attackers entered Europe posing as refugees
Leaked Hillary Clinton Audio: Weve Got to Go After Supreme Court on Second Amendment
Pope calls gender theory a 'global war' against the family
CNN: Nevada, Florida No Longer Leaning Democratic
WSJ: On SCOTUS, Trump Has Superior Grasp On Constitution, While Clinton's Views Threaten Liberty
White House coordinated with Clinton about email scandal
Hillary's emails matter: A retired CIA officer explains why
Hillary Caught Using Child Actor At Pennsylvania Town Hall
Google promotes controversial claim its NOT possible for ethnic minorities to be racist against white people
Social Media Blackout? FBI Emails Are Not 'Trending' On Twitter, Facebook, Buzzfeed, Or Snapchat
Boy Treated as a Girl By His Mother Suffered 'Significant Emotional Harm', Court Hears
Syrian refugee with FOUR WIVES and 23 CHILDREN claims 320,000 a year in benefits'
Obama: We Cant Drill Our Way to Lower Gas Prices  Experts: Yes We Can
Interesting Development: White House Praises FBI Director Comey, Says He Is Not Trying To Influence Election
Abedin-Weiner electronic device was laptop, had tens-of-thousands of emails, source
GOP Releases Huma Abedins OF109 Form Live On CNN, Proving She Violated United States Federal Law
Attorney General Lynch 'Pleads Fifth' on Secret Iran 'Ransom' Payments
California Aborting Free-Speech Rights
Wikileaks Release Reveals Hillary Clinton Plans To Weaken Your Constitutional Rights {2ND AMENDMENT} through executive order?
Juanita Broaddrick Responds to Trump P*ssy Tape: "I Was 35 years old when Bill Clinton, Ark. Attorney General raped me..."
Liberals Attack Homeless Woman Defending Trump Walk of Fame Star
'How to Commit Voter Fraud on a Massive Scale': Part II of Project Veritas Investigation into Clinton Network
Now YouTube Has Restricted Christina Hoff Sommers Videos
Ben Sasse: Obamacare Did Not Deliver Lower Premiums And More Choices
Donald J. Trump - Here is my statement
Wikileaks emails REVEALS Hillary campaign pushing Muslim Obama narrative!
President Hollande has admitted 'France has a problem with Islam'
Bill Clinton calls Obamacare 'the craziest thing in the world'
High School kid is assaulted over an Anti-Black Lives Matter post
Chaffetz asks deputy FBI director for documents about wifes political ties to Clinton
Breitbart coordinated with liberal activists to disrupt Rubio, Cruz events
Clintons vow to push Supreme Court left galvanizes conservatives wary of Trump
Why did it take Donald Trump to make the media rediscover sexual morality?
Bernstein: FBI Would Not Reopen Case Unless New Evidence Was "A Real Bombshell"
Wikileaks Says Assange's Internet Link Was Severed By 'State Party'
Wikileaks uncovers attempt to protect Obama in email scandal
DNC staffers create fake Craigslist employment ads from Trump that demean women.
GLENN BECK: "If the consequence of standing against Trump and for principles is indeed the election of Hillary Clinton, so be it. At least it is a moral, ethical choice"
U.S. CODE: Hillary R. Clinton has disqualified herself from holding any public office in the United States
BBC Under Fire for Transgender Program Aimed at Children as Young as Six
Report: 91 Percent of Media's Trump Coverage Has Been Negative
Hillary's Treat
Car With Trump Stickers Looted, Destroyed By Black Youth
The FBIs Own Investigation Summary Proves Hillary Clinton Broke The Law
Trump: Corporate Media Clinton's Most Powerful Weapon, "No Longer Involved in Journalism"
Chicago Tribune : Democrats should ask Clinton to step aside
Trump: Loretta Lynch Trying to Protect Hillary Clinton
Donald Trump's Walk Of Fame Star Destroyed, Police Investigate
Palestinian soccer team honors Jerusalem shooter who killed two Israelis
Why Are Republican Lies Bad But Democrat Lies Okay?
Let's say Trump supporters firebombed a DNC field office. Would the talk of evil violent Trump supporters ever end? - Ben Shapiro on Twitter
Ted Cruz Indicts the Entire Media Over Trump's Lewd Video with One Damning Question
CNN (CLINTON NEWS NETWORK) TELLS VOTERS WHAT TO SAY (Clinton won the orc/cnn poll)
Politico's Chief Correspondent To John Podesta: "Don't Tell Anyone I Did This"
UC Berkeley students barricade bridge, force whites to cross creek
MSNBC interview African Americans in SC | Reporter was not expecting Trump supporters!
Literally 24/25 of the posts on the front page of r/politics right now are anti-Trump. So much for a place for fair and civil political discussion.
Email Suggests Biden Aide Sabotaged His Presidential Aspirations To Help Hillary
Why Is YouTube Censoring 21 Educational Videos From PragerU?
Wall Street speeches reveal the real Hillary
Clinton attack featuring Miss Universe was months in the making, email shows
Obama Warned of Rigged Elections Back in 2008
The hypocrisy of liberalism
Hillary Clinton Defended Partial-Birth Abortions, Opposed Criminalizing a Medical Procedure
Man Who Destroyed Trump's Hollywood Star Could Serve 3 Years in Jail
Reddit Users Declare War On Hillarys Paid Internet Trolls
296 Refugees Diagnosed with Active TB in Minnesota, Ten Times Any Other State; Majority Are Somalis
24 Hours After Last Nights Debate, Mike Rowe Makes A Huge Confession On What He Sees Wrong With This Election
Who Won The VP Debate? Mike Pence Wins Big By Staying Calm As Tim Kaine Goes On Attack
OKeefe: Why the hell isnt the press covering this?
Trump wins post-debate CNN focus group 10-5
Seriously? MSNBC Declares: No Proof of Collusion Between Media and Hillary
Defamation Trial over False Rolling Stone Rape Story to Begin
Incriminating evidence...
Here's the List of Mainstream Reporters Working Directly With the Clinton Campaign
Video: Hillary Clinton Approved Robert Creamer Plan Directly
UCLA Students Shout Down Mother Whose Son Was Killed by Illegal Alien - "promoting a racist, fascist, xenophobic agenda."
Blog: Awkward: Sanders-Clinton joint appearance cancelled in wake of Hillary insulting Sanders supporters as basement dwellers
Hillary Reboots Vast Right-Wing Conspiracy Playbook
FBI Investigation Into Bribery With Clinton Foundation Spans Nation, Multiple Field Offices, Says WSJ
Weiner revelation proves Comey dropped the ball on Hillary probe
It was a sad moment for her...
Venezuela Officially Descends Into Dictatorship, With Minimal News Visibility
With SCOTUS picks, Trump vows to protect under siege Second Amendment
Reporter Admits Secret Service at Debate Said No Flashes Because of Hillarys Seizure Disorder
Clinton says she was gone for the red line in Syria incident
Frank Luntz debate focus group results. [Trump +9
AP News : Paul Ryan heckled by Trump supporters in his district
Donald Trump Says Campaign Not in Crisis, and There Is Zero Chance Ill Quit
Email scandal proves Hillary learned wrong lessons from Nixon and Watergate -- Hillary advanced through her political career thinking if she could always destroy the evidence she and the rest of Clinton Inc. could never be held responsible for their actions
Scott Foval Reveals "They" Were Behind the Romney 47% Video
Clinton Spokesman To Trump: Go Fuck Yourself
Obama DOJ drops charges against Arms Dealer Threatening to Expose Clinton Libya Efforts.
Ben Shapiro Destroys John Oliver On Abortion and Trump
Summing Up Hillary Rodham Clinton...
WikiLeaks: Hillary Wants Obamacare to Unravel
Ben Carson: Americans Need to See Through Mainstream Media 'Crap'
WSJ: FBI Agents Allege DOJ Ordered 'Stand Down' on Clinton Foundation Investigation
The fact-checkers keep destroying fact-checking
More FBI agents turn on Comey: He stood in the way
Children at Donald Trump rally pepper-sprayed by a demonstrator
Once lauded as a peacemaker, Obama's tenure fraught with war
Disgusting! The shills over at r/Politics have reached a new low "It's okay that some refugees may commit mass murder in America, because not all of them will"
Leaked Emails Show Democrats Feared Rand Paul as GOP Nominee
Exclusive: New Leak on Clinton's Cozy Press Relationship
CNN identifies the person who leaked Donald Trump's hot mic tape: NBC producer Rob Silverstein
Surprise: Fox News' Chris Wallace Orchestrates The Year's Most Balanced Debate
Hillary Clinton: 'Incomprehensible' that Gun Makers Aren't Liable for Misuse of Stolen Guns
Why have tough questions on abortion never been asked of Democrats?
Liberals Bash FBI Director Comey Over Clinton Probe After Praising Him in July
Watch "Trey Gowdy Shocks The Media Then Walks Off Like A Boss"
The Most Explosive WikiLeaks Clinton Revelations (So Far)
Wikileaks: Clinton Campaign Discusses Which Emails To "Hold" Hours After Subpoena
Weiner filed emails on his computer under "Life Insurance"
Get Ready for Hillary's Executive Order on Guns
Iraqi refugee who raped a 10-year-old boy has his conviction overturned because the Austrian court 'didn't prove he realised the boy was saying no'
The White House wont explain why disgraced Democratic operative Robert Creamer visited some 342 times, including 47 meetings with President Barack Obama.
Donald Trump is calling for ethics reform to 'drain the swamp in Washington DC'
Brazile denies giving Clinton camp advance notice on CNN town hall question
Former US Attorney for DC: New Hillary Email Probe Was Result of 'Revolt' Inside FBI
Theyre with her: Illegal immigrants go door-to-door on behalf of Hillary
Petition Launched to Include Clarence Thomas in African American Museum
Is this the DNC/Hillary paid woman from the Veritas video at the Chicago protest screaming at a Trump supporter right before he got maced in the face?
"We can confirm Ecuador cut off Assange's internet access Saturday, 5pm GMT, shortly after publication of Clinton's Goldman Sachs speeches." - WikiLeaks on Twitter
The Press Buries Hillary Clintons Sins
Putin: White House uses Russia scaremongering to manipulate Americans
Top US General: Hillarys No Fly Zone Strategy Would Require War With Russia
Mainstream media says Trump fans are hurting their feelings
FBI gets second warrant for Weiner emails
Chaffetz says he'll vote for Trump
The Smoking Gun: Cheryl Mills Tells Podesta "We Need To Clean This Up - Obama Has Emails From Her"
Hillarys New Constitution: Clinton explains how shell gut the First and Second Amendments.
Ted Cruz Raises Stakes on 'Voter Fraud Operative': 'This Merits a Serious Criminal Investigation'
Still Voting for Trump; Must Defeat Clinton
Yes, there is...
Wikileaks -- Hillary Clinton to Goldman Sachs: Americans Who Want to Limit Immigration Are 'Fundamentally UnAmerican'
Wikileaks: Clinton campaign hand picks people to sit behind Clinton during a rally so it is "organic and not too staged."
Ron Paul: US Elections Are Rigged, Voting Simply Used to Pacify the Public - Your Online News
State Department tried to bribe FBI to unclassify Clinton emails
Secret Service Detail: Hillary Clinton Was Drunk Morning of Campaign Rally
Hillary's nightmare scenario: Weiner's laptop holds 650,000 emails, thousands of them from Clinton's private server, and a search will take WEEKS. Democrat faces an ongoing FBI probe even if she's elected
5 Times Democrats Claimed U.S. Elections Are 'Rigged'
calibration Error Changes Gop Votes To Dem In Illinois County
Hundreds of Christian refugees sexually abused and beaten by Muslims in German camps
Ted Cruz Calls for Investigation of 'Voter Fraud' Operative
ADDRESS THAT  Chris Wallace Grills Hillary On Clinton Foundation Corruption
UPDATE: Bill Clinton rape protester beaten at Hillary Vegas rally
Top Ben Carson adviser: He stands by Trump, recording 'is the kind of language that we hear in rap music'
DOJ abruptly drops case against gun-runner who threatened to reveal Clinton's Libya dealings
Liberals Are Losing It After FBI Announces Hillary is Back Under Investigation
Politifact: 'Mostly False' That Clinton Wanted 'Open Borders' - Even though it's in her speech transcripts
Bill Clinton Rape Accusers Asked If They've Gotten Same Media Attention As Trump's. Their Answers Are Telling...
Trump: Americans Should Be Able to Own 'Firearm Of Their Choice' (10/9/16)
YouTube Hides and SLAPS WARNING on New Trump Ad About Hillary's Health
Leaked email reveals Hillary faked surprise during TV interview; whole thing scripted by campaign
Podesta relative earned six-figure fees lobbying Clinton's State Dept. during his tenure there
Early voting suggests tight race in key states despite Clinton camp boast
Concern Grows Over Soros-Linked Voting Machines
CNN Cuts feed of Rep. Chris Collins when he Brings Up Wikileaks Emails
Clinton Campaign Bus Caught Dumping Human Waste In Georgia, HAZMAT Team Called In
Las Vegas Gun Store Holds 'Pre-Hillary' Gun Sale
Hillary Clinton herself (hrod17@clintonemail.com) said Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and others were providing "clandestine financial and logistic support" to ISIL
Gwen Ifill: Absent the Trump Audio, We'd Be 'Paying A Lot More Attention' To Hillary Speech Revelations
We must have the freedom to mock Islam
Donald Trump's Star on Hollywood Walk of Fame is Now Being Guarded By A Homeless Trump Supporter
Geraldo Rivera: I Have Never Seen the Mainstream Media  Be So Partisan
Post Debate Discussion Thread
Donald Trump to Howard Stern: It's okay to call my daughter a 'piece of ass'
Obama's Deputies Drop Criminal Charges Against Hillary Clinton-Linked Arms Dealer in Libya
Hillary Clinton is WAY overcompensating for Tim Kaines poor debate performance
Fueled by Hillary Clinton, White House Debated Nominating Wikileaks Founder for Obama-Controlled Drone Kill List
Zineb el Rhazoui, Charlie Hebdo survivor, discusses why the world needs to Destroy Islamic Fascism: "Those who think terrorism has nothing to do with Islam are ignorant"
More than 48 Christians Killed in Kaduna, Nigeria Massacres
Video showing Ten Minutes of CNN Cutting Off People Who Are Critical Of Hillary Clinton...but CNN isn't biased, they just have a poor connection.
Hacked Emails Prove Coordination Between Clinton Campaign and Super PACs
High schooler records teacher's racism lecture: 'To be white is to be racist, period'
Paul Joseph Watson: Top YouTubers are being offered money to endorse Hillary.
Leaked emails reveal Hillary Clintons life of deceit
Happy 241st Birthday to the United States Navy!
Kathleen Willey to Women: Would You Stay With A Rapist?
Washington's governing elites think we're all morons, a new study says
Judicial Watch Is Suing The FBI For Records About Bill Clinton's Secret Meeting With Loretta Lynch
Rachel Maddow Cries Over FBI Investigating Hillary Again - Live on MSNBC
Wikileaks: Hillary Clinton Skipped Metal Detector Before Benghazi Hearing
CNNs Stelter Blames Firebombing of NC Republican Office on Trump's 'Over Heated' Rhetoric
"Bill Clinton Was Here": The Elite One-Percents 'Orgy Island' Exposed
Creepy Kaine
Trump tax return leak again exposes Democrats as hypocrites
Conservatives Denounce Deal To Pass Internet Sales Tax After Election Day
Voter fraud suspect arrested in Des Moines
CAUGHT ON TAPE: UN bans skeptical journalists from climate summit for holding views not particularly helpful
Texas has been cooling since 1895, but that doesnt suit NOAAs global warming agenda. So they keep cooling the past further and further to create the appearance of a warming trend. On The NOAA Texas Temperature Fraud
[Policy
Three days before Scalia's death. Check out the original for more details. Other emails/etc in the comments. [x-post from The_Donald
Exclusive  Ex-Tim Kaine Staffer: Mike Pence Won Debate, I Dont Know What the Clintons Have Done to My Old Boss
h3h3Productions on being told who to vote for
Hillary Clinton admits she didn't have permission to set up secret email
Obamas tragic admission: Hes learned nothing as president
FBI destroyed laptop belonging to Cheryl Mills after time-limited search
Judge Napolitano: The NSA hacked the DNC, not Russia
The most important WikiLeaks revalation has nothing to do with Hillary Clinton
Nearly 100,000 Pennsylvania Voters Switch From Democrat To Republican
Sure looks like this girls townhall question to Hillary was staged
Post Debate Thread - Vice Presidential Debate
WikiLeaks: Clinton Adviser Says Deploy the Brown and Women Pundits
3 Maine Women Face Theft Charges for Stealing Dozens of Trump Signs: Stothart wrote an op-ed in The Washington Post, explaining that it was "disrespectful" that so many Trump signs were along Route 1 in her hometown of Falmouth.
Malik Obama Will Be Donald Trump's Guest at Third Debate
WikiLeaks Deniers: The New Breed Of Conspiracy Nut
Wikileaks Document Drop: Hillary Clinton Dreams of 'Open Trade and Open Borders'
What we saw from @GovPenceIN, was a fearless Conservative riding into battle with pure delight as he destroyed Liberals
Donald Trump has become voters default choice
That look when you know that you are next to be thrown under the bus
Only a few more thousand signatures! Emergency meeting to remove George Soros voting machines.
WikiLeaks: Clinton aides scramble to address alleged mistress nicknamed 'Energizer Bunny'
No, voter fraud isn't a myth: 10 cases where it's all too real
Crybaby college kids offered counseling for offensive Halloween costumes
Top Clinton aide Huma Abedin in leaked email: 'Can we survive not answering questions' from press?
Leaked Email: Then-CNNer Donna Brazile Gave Clinton Camp Heads-Up on CNN Town Hall Question
Jock Journalists Condemn 'All Lives Matter' Protestor as Racist, Then Cops Take Off His Gorilla Mask
Leaked Email: If She Wins, Hillary Will Own The Supreme Court for the Next 30 to 40 Years
WikiLeaks: Hillary Ally Spoke with Campaign About Intimidating Justice Roberts on Obamacare
Immigrants! Don't Vote for What You Fled
Meet The Gay, Gun Rights Group That Would Rather Be At The Range Than Talk Politics
Mark Levin Rips Trump's Lewd Comments and 'Despicable' Media Cover-Up of Bill Clinton
Self defense as a natural born right
Texas voters claim machines switching their votes
BREAKING: James O'Keefe Releases FOURTH Video, Follow The Money
Hillarys open borders dream is a nightmare for workers
Tapper on Brazile forwarding debate question to Clinton: 'unethical,' 'very troubling,' 'journalistically horrifying'
Bob Dole only former GOP nominee to stick with Trump
Woman Who Served With Tim Kaine On City Council Says, "This Guy Is Crazy!" (VIDEO)
Census: Record 42.4M immigrants, 23% of school kids, Muslims biggest jump
A message to Trump supporters from Alan Rickman in my favorite Christmas movie
Anger, disbelief in Clinton camp
POSTAL WORKER Brags Online About Destroying Trump Ballots
Vandals spray-paint at least 20 vehicles outside Trump rally in Bangor
Stop complaining about Trumps war on the media because hes right - Hot Air
Democratic officials planned to fool 'self-righteous' Sanders supporters at convention
Vice Presidential Debate - 9PM ET
Teen Charged With Murder After Killing Her 2-Pound Premature Baby. How Is This Different From Abortion?
VIDEO: Hispanic man films white woman being beaten over Trump yard sign
Newt: Nixon Must Be Looking Down, Wondering Why He Couldn't Be as 'Clever' as Obama at Dishonesty
No Consequences for Reporters Caught Colluding with Hillary
Voters agree media biased against Donald Trump
DNC chairwoman tries to play the victim on Wikileaks, Megyn Kelly responds accordingly
YouGov: Paul Ryan's favorable rating among Republicans drops 28 points - in a week
WIKILEAKS: Podesta Says It's OK for Illegals to Vote With Driver's License....
Memo: Googles Eric Schmidt Working Directly With the Clinton Campaign
WOW! Only 50 People Show Up to See Hillary's VP Tim Kaine in Miami
Hillary Surrogates Dismiss Rape Accusation Against Bill Clinton Because He Wasn't Prosecuted
Newly released WikiLeaks email: Hillary Campaign chairman, John Podesta, admits Hillary lies 'often'
"A Time for Choosing" by Ronald Reagan
FBI Hillary investigation bombshell is why we should not have early voting
NY Times: New Emails in Clinton Case Came From Anthony Weiner's Electronic Devices
Trump calls Clinton email investigation bigger than Watergate
Study: Google searches favor left-wing content
Sen. Sessions: Obama Keeps 182,761 Convicted Foreign Criminals in United States
Caught: Dem. Party Worker OKs Destroying Repub. Voter Applications
Mike Pence "disappointed" with Republican leaders not backing Donald Trump
Paul Ryan wont defend or campaign for Trump ahead of election
University of North Dakota, citing First Amendment, wont punish students for blackface Snapchat photos
Wikileaks Appears To Release Hillary Clinton's Paid Speech Transcripts
Trump filed his taxes, legally. That is outrageous
DiCaprio: If You Do Not Believe in Climate Change, YouShould Not be Allowed to Hold Public Office
Donna Brazile Shared Additional Debate Questions With Clinton Campaign, Identified Her Tipster
Report: AG Lynch Pressured FBI Director Comey Not to Disclose Reactivated Hillary Probe
Montel Williams on Twitter: True fact: A @nytimes reporter threatened to publish my address if I didn't talk to him about this useless (Trump) story . https://t.co/NWnQLzcKLl
Berkeley Protesters Demand 'Spaces Of Color,' Harass White Students Trying To Pass
Democratic operative caught on camera: Hillary PERSONALLY ordered 'Donald Duck' troll campaign that broke the law by coordinating with tax-exempt pressure group
James O'Keefe says he has a surprise for us tomorrow at noon
WikiLeaks Releases First Batch Of Barack Obama's Emails - Breitbart
BILL OREILLY: Media Organizations Have Ordered Employees to Destroy Trump Or Be Destroyed (VIDEO)
Trump: Hillary Wants World Government, Unlimited Immigration, Rule By Corporations
No Big Deal: Hillary Talked About Secret Bin Laden Raid Details During Paid Wall Street Speech
Every survivor of sexual assault deserves to be heard, believed, and supported.
Emails show Qaddafi son offered talks  but Clinton ordered top general to 'not take the call,' source says
Clinton Campaign Manager Mook Doubles Down: 'A Lot' of Trump Supporters Are 'Deplorable'
CNN Stealth Edits Article That Originally Made False Claim Trump Told Supporters To Vote Multiple Times
It Begins... Hillary Lackeys Paint James Comey as Putin Puppet
Keep the Senate!! Campaign Twitter Handles for Battleground GOP Senate Candidates
New Podesta Email Exposes Dem Playbook For Rigging Polls Through "Oversamples"
Feminist PhD Candidate: Science Is Sexist Because It's Not Subjective: [N
Third Presidential Debate - 9PM ET
Special Treatment Gave John Kerrys Daughter $9 Million In Govt Contracts
CNN "Loses" Satellite Feed Just As Republican Congressman Mentions WikiLeaks
Scott Walker was targeted by DNC operatives. Here is all the evidence you need.
Trump Sets GOP Record for Individual Donors
Clinton Team Outsources Attack Ads to SuperPAC in Apparent Violation of Campaign Finance Laws
Leaked emails show Clintons team should read a catechism
Obama breaks another promise to save the Iran deal
Breaking: Hillary throws Huma Abedin off her plane
Do not forgot about your state and local elections this cycle
Institute of World Politics Professor says Hillary Clinton is "unfit" after releasing the "4 minute" nuclear information.
New O'Keefe Video: DNC Schemes to Bully Women at Trump Rally
When will Hillary Clinton be held accountable for Trump rally violence s...
Female Cop Was Afraid to Pull Gun in Fear of Backlash. She Staggered Away Nearly Beaten to Death...
Muslim Father Rapes Own Daughter For Becoming 'Too Westernized'
WaPo Blogger Complains That Trump Used Female Pronouns to Refer to Hillary Clinton
CNN coaches respondents during after debate discussion.
How the moderators hijacked the second debate
Second Presidential Debate - 9PM ET
UNDERCOVER: Crashing College Socialist #SJW Protest
Former Asst. FBI Director Says the Clintons Are a 'Crime Family' -- "Its like organized crime. I mean the Clinton Foundation is a cesspool"
Black Voters in North Carolina Tell MSNBC Reporter: Trump Loves America, He Loves All People (VIDEO)
America's Electronic Voting Machines Are Scarily Easy Targets
PODESTA LEAKS: Chief correspondent of Politico admits "I'm a hack," before sending articles to Podesta for approval and discussing HRC campaign strategy
Hillary voters struggle to name a single accomplishment
WIKILEAKS: Clinton Campaign Fudged Climate Change Data - Inflated Emission Numbers
Donald J. Trump on Twitter: "With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans!"
Judge Jeanine DESTROYS Hillary Clinton
Shock poll shows growing number of French back anti-migration hardliner
The New York Times Paid No Taxes in 2014 - Breitbart
WikiLeaks: Podesta Lamented That a Muslim, Not a White Man, Named as Killer in 2015 San Bernardino Massacre
SCANDAL OF DOUBLE VOTERS 46,000 registered to vote in city & Fla.
New email shows Brazile may have had exact wording of proposed town hall questions before CNN
CNN Anchors Hyperventilate After Crowd Chants CNN Sucks At Trump Rally
Age of Obama-Chicago cop says she feared using gun while being beaten
FBI Obtains Warrant Needed to Start Reviewing Emails Found on Laptop Used by Clinton Aide
CBS4 Investigation Finds People Voting Twice
Hillary Supporters Sending Death Threats To Gay Couple Who Support Trump!
#NeverTrump GOP Candidate McMullin Admits His Goal is to Prevent Trump from Winning (Pro-Hillary)
Did Podesta just have a "LET THEME EAT CAKE MOMENT?" Didn't work out so well for Mary Antoinette
Podesta Hoping That A Shooter On The News Was White!
Michelle Obama Attacks Hillary 'If You Can't Run Your Own House, You Can't Run The White House!'
A professor is under fire after saying Black Lives Matter is as racist as the KKK
Another Clinton Admits Obamacare Is Not Affordable: Chelsea
Oops! List of Top 10 Corpate Tax Dodgers Are All Hillary DonorsCompliments Of Bernie Sanders  100percentfedUp.com
Police kill six year old white child, no White Lives Matter riots ensue
Kansas University conservatives accused of 'violence' for using term 'illegal'
Harry Reid LOSES HIS MIND, Accuses Comey Of Working For Trump
Robert Creamer on Calls With Clinton Campaign 'Every Morning'
Jonathan Gruber: Obamacare is 'working as designed'
Voter Fraud Proof - 18 Million Invalid Registration & 2 Million Are Dead - Donald Trump - Lou Dobbs
WIKILEAKS: Hillary Took Algeria Off Terror Watch List After Donation to Clinton Foundation
Ted Cruz calls for criminal probe into visits by 'voter fraud operative' to Obama White House
Billy Bush fired by NBC but John Harwood still has a job - Hot Air
California petitions to become first state to offer ObamaCare to illegal immigrants
Supreme Court denies Obama rehearing on US v Texas immigration fight
Clarence Thomas: Were Destroying and Undermining Our Institutions
Woman surprised to find Donald Trump Jr. was the one who helped push her car
WIKILEAKS: Hillary Clinton reads from script during fake "interview" with MSNBC's Chris Hayes
'FOBs': How Hillary's State Dept. Gave Special Attention to 'Friends of Bill' After Haiti Quake
Sen. Mark Kirk (R-Ill.)calls for Trump to step down
'White Privilege' survey in high school class sparks parents ire
When Will Liberals Answer For Obamacare's Failures?
Stop undermining confidence in U.S. elections!
UNESCO attempts to erase Jewish connection to Temple Mount
Reality Check: DNC Chair Donna Brazile Did Leak Townhall Question To Clinton Campaign
Media To Voters: Drop Dead, We're Getting Hillary Elected
Mel Gibson: In "Hacksaw Ridge" interview states: "I hate war, but I love the warrior"
Gun sales hit 17th straight monthly record, up 27 percent
ABC Keeps 'Modernizing' the Family Leftward
John Fund: If Hillary wins, well have a potential blackmail target in the White House
Christian refugees threatened with beheading for being 'unbelievers' by Muslim migrants
Key Obamacare premiums to jump 25 percent next year
Trump: Clinton Should Return Money From Countries That Abuse Women
According to the media Hillary has the composure of a President because she smiles when you call her a crook, and Trump doesn't because he fights back when he is called a racist demagogue.
The rule of law cannot survive with a crook like Hillary Clinton in the White House
Hillary Clinton Linked To Mysterious Front Associated with Julian Assange Pedophile Smear
Catholic University BANS Pro-Life Posters to Shield Students From 'Bigotry'
FBI: 'Rice observed strict adherence to State Department security and Diplomatic protocols while Clinton Frequently and blatantly Disregarded them'
State Police raid Indy office in growing voter fraud case
Canadian Imam: 50 year old man marrying 9 year old girl is legitimate in Islam
Giuliani: There Is Enough Evidence Now For A RICO Case Against Clinton Foundation "Racketeering Enterprise"
Clinton 'fixer': Hillary's affair with Vince Foster 'an open secret' -- Admits paying off reporters, hiding sex romps, joining 'team effort' to destroy Lewinsky
Utah Poll: Trump 30%, McMullin 29%, Clinton 28%
Report: RNC redirecting funds away from Trump
Is America Ready For Hillary Clinton's 'Shariah Advisor' In The White House?
Bernie Sanders on CNN: "Of Course" Leaked Hillary Clinton Audio Bothers Me
DHS Official Admits: Many Refugees Have Been Convicted of Terrorist Offenses in U.S.
Comey defied Lynch in telling Congress about renewed Hillary probe
Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas: Washington D.C. Is 'Broken'
Democrats caught stuffing ballot with campaign materials
Newt Gingrich EXPLODES at Megyn Kelly Calling Trump a Sexual Predator 'You're Fascinated with Sex!'
Hillary Super Pac
Fox News Is No Longer a Top 20 Best-Perceived Brand Among Republicans
Wikileaks: Journalists Dined at Top Clinton Staffers' Homes Days Before Hillary's Campaign Launch
Does Hillary have a serious memory problem? Because she cant recall much of anything about her emails - Hot Air
[Video
WIKILEAKS: Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe Caught Trading Favors with Friend John Podesta in 2013
Suspect in Boston police shooting wrote of Islamic rebirth, had several aliases
Pence: 'Trump showed that he is a big man' with debate apology
Russia Files Complaint Over UN Official's Condemnation of Trump
How The Clinton Foundation Got Rich Off Poor Haitians
Bill Clinton bashes Obamacare as 'crazy system' while campaigning for Hillary Clinton
Pro-Abortion Professor Freaks Out When Black Pro-Life Advocate Compares Abortion to Slavery | LifeNews.com
CNN: Huma Abedin Negotiating With FBI Over Emails -- computer Abedin shared with her estranged husband, Anthony Weiner contained emails that were deleted from Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's server before the FBI took possession of it
Donald Trumps Pathway to Victory Expands as FBI Reopens Criminal Probe of Hillary Clintons Illicit Email Server
Federal Judge Questions Lack of Christian Syrian Refugees
Post-Debate Discussion - Third Presidential Debate
How Many Millennials Think Bush Killed More Than Stalin
WikiLeaks: Podesta Asks Clinton's Lawyer, 'Think We Should Hold Emails To and From (Obama)?
Judge dismisses Newtown families lawsuit against Remington, citing the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act
Busted AGAIN! Hidden cam busts clinton staffers
Simulated 'Convention of States' is source of hope for government reform
Ben Shapiro | A Call For Conservative Unity
Hack Shows MSNBC Producer Going Full Hillary Fangirl In Email To Clinton Campaign
EU clamps down on the freedom of British press by ordering them NOT to reveal when terrorists are Muslims
Kaine the interrupter hit for debate demeanor
White House Official Josh Earnest Smugly Dismissed Project Veritas Video Evidence of Mass Corruption
Convicted Felon Leads Obama-Backed Effort to Lobby for Iran Deal - (Bob Creamer from the Veritas expose!!)
"I really call myself a classical liberal more than a conservative." -Paul Ryan
Assange cut off from outside world by state actor. Wikileaks activates contingencies. Developing Situation MegaThread  /r/The_Donald
3 men charged in Garden City bomb plot
Clinton Campaign Emails: Raw Contempt For Average Americans
Fox News Poll: Clinton leads Trump by 7 points
Republican Party Toppled by Liberal Long Con: The Classic Pump-and-Dump
Clinton bashes Trump over Russia praise, but emails show she praised Putin
New Emails: Clinton Staffers Make ABC Anchor Their Mouthpiece
Donald J. Trump's Statement regarding comments he made in 2005
US officials see no link between Trump and Russia: report
Peter Thiel, live from press club..developing
Jury acquits leaders of Oregon standoff of federal charges
Report: Top Global Warming Center Faked Research to Bag Million$ from Taxpayers
The all time top post on /r/politics is about election fraud...
Australia Admits Gun Buyback Failure, Announces Amnesty
Hillary on Leaked Speech Calling for Open Borders: I Was Talking About Electricity!
New Clinton emails appear to contradict her sworn testimony
Complaint Filed Against Clinton's Campaign Following O'Keefe Videos
Hillary Clinton says she has 'both a public and a private position' on Wall Street: WikiLeaks
OKeefe Video Sting Exposes Bird-Dogging  Democrats Effort to Incite Violence at Trump Rallies
Voter Fraud Is Real. Here is The Proof
Hillary "Shocked!" By Trump's Sex Talk... But Here's Video of Hillary Threatening Sex Assault Victims in 1995
NY AG Admits Clinton Foundation Failed To Provide 3 Years Of Tax Forms On "Donors And Contributors"
Al Gore is now under criminal investigation and it's bad
Bill Clinton Begins Ohio Bus Tour by Throwing Sanders Under Bus
Judge Throws Out Ferguson Rioters Excessive Force Lawsuit
Justice Clarence Thomas: Nation's capital is 'broken'
Tom Perez jokes about murdered girl at Clinton event
Trump says he'll sue sexual misconduct accusers
Kansas Bishop: Tim Kaine Is a 'Cafeteria Catholic,' Worshipping What Is 'Politically Convenient'
Dismemberment Abortions Tear Babies Limb From Limb, Hillary Clinton Calls That "a Scare Tactic" | LifeNews.com
Hillary Clintons Sudden Move Of $1.8 Billion To Qatar Central Bank Stuns Financial World
Giuliani: 'Dead People Generally Vote for Democrats'
Hillary email: Don't help Michael Savage with U.K. travel ban
Donald Trump Challenges Hillary Clinton To Take A Drug Test Before Third Debate: "She's Getting Pumped Up"
Trump calls for drug test before debate
NYT Alleges Trump Groped Woman on Plane  But WILL NOT POST ACTUAL FOOTAGE of Bill Clinton Groping Woman on Plane
Is there a list of all the Hillary scandals/negative things which disqualify her from being president?
Scott Adams: "My prediction of a 98% chance of Trump winning stays the same."
VA Dem Candidate Says Obamacare Has Made Health Care More Affordable, Crowd Breaks Out in Laughter
Yale Student Survey Reveals Conservative Views 'Unwelcome' on Campus
Top Global Warming Center Faked Research to Bag Million$ from Taxpayers
Media Have Selective Memory When It Comes to Democrats Accepting Election Results -- Democrats challenged the results of the presidential elections in 2000 and 2004
Rigging the Election - Video II: Mass Voter Fraud
Trump's campaign "pulling out of Virginia"
Hillary In Leaked Email: Saudi Arabia And Qatar Are Funding ISIS
Iraqis Use 9/11 Bill to Demand Compensation from US for 2003 Invasion
LEAKS: Podestas Friend Admits Close Work With Super-PAC Could Be Illegal
Actually, Trump Hotels Seem to Be Doing Fine
DEMS caught paying patients from a halfway house $300 rebate to vote for HRC in CA!
VIDEO : Newt Gingrich The Clinton Family is a Corporation Engaged in Organized Crime
Hillary Slams FBI for 'Unprecedented' Interference in Election
Dem admits: Passing Obamacare without GOP 'one of the worst things'
Huffington Post: Muhammad was a Feminist
MEMO: Clinton Used Foundation As Cover To Raise Cash For Their Own Benefit
Rancher yearns for Trump wall on US-Mexico border
Triggered: Journalist Snowflakes Scared Trump Supporters Are 'Turning on the Media'
"Dont Repeat That To Anybody" - Hillary Clinton And Donna Brazile Implicated In Latest Project Veritas Video
EMAIL: Podesta asked 'How bad is her head?'
Watch "Dear Mainstream Media" on YouTube
LA Times reporter: "What stuck out to me about Trump's speech was not his harshness toward Clinton but his obvious resentment toward the elite in the room."
Ahead of Al Smith Dinner, Cardinal Dolan says Hillary owes Catholics an apology
Islamic centre wants neighboring bar's liquor licence revoked
Clinton aides alarmed by Bills Energizer in leaked emails
The election official who spoke his mind on vote fraud
David Burge on Twitter: Please help stamp out testifying under oath, America's leading cause of Alzheimer's disease
12,587 Syrian Refugees Admitted in FY 2016: 12,486 Muslims, 68 Christians, 24 Yazidis
Gang of 17 migrant men in horror sex attack on two women in church square
Hillary Clintons email investigation is being reopened and Paul Krugman is losing his damn mind
Trump pledges new deal for black America
[Hillary makes snide remark
A 19-year-old social conservative beat Tory heavyweights to run as PC candidate in Ontario by-election
The First Broken Promise of Hillary Clinton's Presidency -- Why her vow not to add a penny to the debt is an impossible pledge to keep
If You Dont Like Either Candidate, Then Vote for Trumps Policies
Trump's Joke About Melania Stealing Michelle Obama's Speech
The Missing "Oh Shit" Link Revealed: Hillary Admits "I Asked That They Be Deleted"
MAGA...
Feingold Says Clinton to Use 'Executive Order' on Guns
Wikileaks reveals exactly how the Clinton campaign, bullies, seduces, manipulates and dominates its media coverage
NYTIMES: Two Women Say Donald Trump Touched Them Inappropriately
NYC election official claims voter fraud in minority neighborhoods
WikiLeaks Outs NYT Maggie Haberman as Clinton Operative
Hillary's Townhall in Haverford PA Where She Stages Question with Child Actor
Fraudulent Hillary blasts the very tax loopholes she uses
Save The Day Response - Excellent video to all those famous actors
The Obama administration is using billions of dollars in banking fines to fund radical left-wing activist groups that work to elect Democrats
Republican Defeatism About Trump Not Warranted By Current Polling
Rigging the Election - Video IV: $20K Wire Transfer From Belize Returned
Marilyn Mosby would like to prevent cops from opting for bench trials
Emails show Clinton camp scrambling over 2015 threat of Biden run
Clinton Ally McAuliffe Donated $500,000 to Campaign of FBI Official's Wife
CBS Pushes PC Attack on Wonder Woman: Large-Breasted, White' 'American Flag Motif'
SJWs Attack White Savior US Chess Champion For Anti-Iran Womens Rights Campaign
McMullin surges to a 3-way tie in Utah
Congressman Jason Chaffetz withdraws his endorsement of Donald Trump
Donald Trump Says Central Park Five Are Guilty, Despite DNA Evidence
If Trump Can Debate Like Pence, He Can Win
No Encores for Tim Kaines Creepy Clown Act
Hypocrite Hillary Bashes Wells Fargo at Rally... But Took $258,000 from Wells Fargo Executives (Video)
Can You Trust The Press?
Doesnt Clinton Embarrass Democrats?
To Protest Racism, Students Block White People From Campus Entrance
FBI reopening Clinton email investigation
Dirty laundry: Bill Clinton overpriced his old underpants to inflate tax write-off
Poll: Over Half of Clinton Supporters Will Not Accept Trump as a Legitimate President
Hillarys Upset That Trump Says He Wont Accept Election Results. Heres What Hillary Has To Say About Election 2000.
Democratic Operative In Veritas Videos About Voter Fraud, Inciting Violence Visited The White House 342 Times
WikiLeaks: Politico Reporter Offered Clinton Camp Chance to Edit Story
FULL EVENT: Donald Trump ENORMOUS 21k Rally in CINCINNATI, OHIO 10/13/2016 Trump Cincinnati Speech
A brilliant and well spoken take down of HRC. Do not skip this one folks.
FBI Source: Majority Of Staff On Clinton Case Wanted Her Prosecuted
Laura Ingraham: The Trump Betrayal By Republican Elites Won't Soon Be Forgotten
Wikileaks Dump Shows Clinton Campaign Was Tipped Off Before State Dept. Released Emails
Wikileaks dump: Team Hillary was terrified GOP would nominate anyone other than Trump.
Fact Check of Hillary's Debate Statement: "Police Are Outgunned" (xpost /r/firearms)
Stocks sink after new email review tied to Clinton -- when did news of a Republican win start to crater the stock market?
VIDEO : Gowdy DEBUNKS Clinton FAKE Presser DEMANDING Comey Release Emails, She Knows Evidence Cant be Released
Survey Says Yale Deeply Unwelcoming to Conservative Students
Two women busted for election fraud in Miami-Dade
The worst of ObamaCare is yet to come
Fail: Gun-Controlled Australia Admits Criminals Still Armed, Launches New Amnesty - Breitbart
Event Thread - Al Smith Dinner
'WTF' Moment at 3rd Presidential Debate: Hillary Gives Away Time it Takes for US Nuclear Response
Reporters at Vegas Debate Caught Cheering for Hillary
Howard Dean insists "Quid Quo Pro" accusation is a Russian lie; Can't understand it is an FBI release and not Wikileaks. Then tries to blame Chaffetz. Not one single scandal that Hillary Clinton has been accused of, has ever, ever, been proved.
Peter Thiel to Donate $1.25 Million in Support of Donald Trump
Former Miss Universe Pageant Manager: I Have Never Heard One Accusation Against Mr. Trump (VIDEO)
Former U.S. Attorney: Agents See FBI Chief Comey as a Dirty Cop
Bolton: Hillary Thinks the World Must 'Get Ready for Open Borders
As protesters accuse her husband of rape, Clinton blasts Trumps scorched earth tactics
Is Islam a Religion of Peace? | Ayaan Hirsi Ali for PragerU
Michele Bachmann Stands Behind Trump, Audio Leaks "Coordinated to Manipulate the Media"
Lindsey Graham: Syria is Obama's Rwanda -- "Obama has ... empowered some of the most tyrannical regimes in the world... His legacy is unleashing the forces of hell"
Protester Interrupts Bill Clinton With A Bill Clinton A Rapist Sign
Pence edges Kaine in VP debate instant poll
Columbia student reported for 'gender misconduct' after calling himself 'handsome' in class
Gay Tech Billionaire Peter Thiel Doubles Down on Support for Trump
FBI Obtains Warrant Needed to Start Reviewing Emails Found on Laptop Used by Clinton Aide
"I wanna tell my kids that I did the right thing this election"
[1st Women POTUS
Our Sidebar Tribute feature started at the time of Margaret Thatcher's death (April 8th, 2013). Since that time, the moderators of /r/Conservative have updated it weekly on a rotating basis, with a "community choice" selection thrown in occasionally.
Sen. Pat Toomeys neighborhood vandalized with anti-GOP graffiti
'Draw them to punch you': 2 Dem operatives lose jobs after undercover video comments
hillary an embarrassment as SOS, just wait to see how she acts if she becomes prez
One Million Reasons Obamacare Made Things Worse -- At least that many people will lose their health plans in January.
My favorite radio host from DFW - Mark Davis - on why you should support Trump if you're a conservative
Obama Admin Rushes More Than 900 Refugees Into U.S. On Consecutive Days, On Track for 185,000 in FY17
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: Every survivor of sexual assault deserves to be heard, believed, and supported.
NFL enduring unprecedented double-digit TV ratings drops this year
Why I had to kill my sister to defend our familys honor.....religion of peace.
Liberals Sign Petition to Allow Illegal Immigrants to Vote in 2016 Presidential Election
Podesta Wont Deny That FBI Revelation Entirely Stems From Clintons Own Actions
PolitiFact: Trump Is Lying When He Repeats What Hillary Clinton Actually Said
Revoke the FCC licenses of the news agencies associated with the "Wikileaks 65" news personalities pending investigation
Texas County Switches to Paper Ballots after Software Glitch
Tech analysis of emails leaves us wondering how Donna Brazile is still working at the DNC
LA Times Editors Call For Banning All Guns In The United States
PSA: Correct the Record strategy for week
Schools Ditch Academics For Emotional Manipulation
TRUMP answers question about Marijuana Legalization
Here Are Hillary Clinton's Three Speeches To Goldman Sachs For Which She Was Paid $675,000
Why Is Trumps Sexual Depravity Bad But Bill Clintons Okay?
DC Circuit Delivers a Blow for the Constitution -- The court ruled the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau unconstitutional.
Ben Shapiro | Trump's Final Con
Leaked emails show tension inside Clinton inner circle
Mainstream Media: America's Pravda Continues
Prager U | Why is College So Expensive?
Clinton Sought Pentagon, State Dept. Contracts for Chelsea Friend
Under Intense Pressure to Silence Wikileaks, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Proposed Drone Strike on Julian Assange
US fails to make most free top ten list
ESPN Loses 621,000 Subscribers; Worst Month in Company History
NYT: New Emails in Clinton Case Came From Devices Once Used by Anthony Weiner
Ben Shapiro: McConnell Was Not Elected To Give An Up Or Down Vote On Hillary Clintons Judicial Nominees
Failure to find a sexual partner is now a DISABILITY says World Health Organisation
Show of Hands Leaves CNN Anchor Speechless When She Polls Undecideds After Last Presidential Debate
Hillary and the Book-Burners
Rubio Warns GOP On WikiLeaks: 'Tomorrow, It Could Be Us'
Obama Lectures Trump on "Rigged" Elections -- Forgets That Democrats Just Rigged Primary Against Bernie
SAS hero killed ISIS fighter with AXE just before he abuses sex slaves
Clinton Claims Matthew Was Caused By Climate Change, But...
FBI Served with Request for Hillary's Backup Device...Object Is in FBI's Possession
The Huffington Post Is Now Actively Encouraging Felony Gun Theft
Schwarzenegger says he won't be voting Republican for the first time ever
Massive Voter Fraud Sweep Under Way By Texas AG
White House to Americans: Pay Astronomical Deductibles -- Or Else
A childs scraped knee becomes a desperate 2-month hospitalization in Venezuela
Book details how Team Obama schemed to let Hillary skate
Clinton manager reticent to comment on report Clinton floated drone strike against Wikileaks
Progressive Bias? Twenty Democrats for Every One Republican in Journalism Faculty
7 Things You Need To Know About The FBI's Renewed Hillary Investigation
Carville Melts Down: Asserts FBI, GOP and KGB in Cahoots
Presidential historian on HRC: Its like Watergate
Confirmed: U.S. Code Title 18 Part 1 Chapter 2071 Hillary Is Officially Disqualified To Run For President
CNN vs. FOX. Clearly we don't care enough about ratings.
CNN: Clinton Campaign Stunned' by News of FBI Investigation
UK Reporter Calls CNN "Clinton News Network - Your Coverage Is Totally Biased"
Justice Clarence Thomas: We are destroying our institutions
What does it mean to be Republican anymore?
Draining the swamp
Sign the petition: We the people ask congress to meet in emergency session about removing George Soros owned voting machines from 16 states
Obama Blames Far-Right Media for Pumping Out All Kinds of Crazy Toxic Stuff
Washington Post: $400 million in cash 'may have whetted' Iran's appetite for more American prisoners (Update)
When Hillary claimed for 240 years our candidates have respected the result of elections how on Earth does Trump not mention Bill Clinton VP going to court over HIS LOSS and appealing all the way to SCOTUS??
Democrat Endorses Rand Paul In Kentucky Senate Race
Former BLM Leader: Black Lives Matter on 'Wrong Side of History
Pretty funny anti-Clinton ad
Georgia County Cuts the Cord, Refusing Federal "Sustainability" Funds
A CNN poll where 58% were Hillary supporters only had Hillary winning the debate 57-34%
'Cocks Not Glocks' crew gets invited to the White House
ICE Officials Tell TRUMP Illegals Are Being Allowed to Vote - That's Why They They Won't Deport Them
ISIS Calls for Random Knife Attacks in Alleys, Forests, Beaches
Known facts regarding the Clinton investigation
4 FBI Offices have been quietly investigating the Clinton Foundation for months
Australian Miss Universe says Trump treated her with respect
This is what happens when you protest against immigration in France
Beautiful SNL Sketch showing the relationship between rednecks and African-Americans.
Survey: Trump has 38-point lead over Clinton in Wyoming
NY Assemblywoman Claudia Tenney: Hillary Clinton 'Destroyed' New York as Senator; Imagine What She'd Do to Country as President
Obama will do just about anything to save ObamaCare
Illinois Judge Orders Phyllis Schlafly Website to Take Down All Pro-Trump Articles
Podesta Wikileaks Horror: Voter ID Doesn't Stop Alien Voting
MSNBC's Reid Sneers: Fraud Concerns Are Code for 'Black People' 'Stealing Election'
8 Times Liberals Claimed An Election Was Stolen Or Rigged
Obama seeks to end free speech and restrict conspiracy news websites
WikiLeaks: Podesta, Soros Henchman Schemed Over Scalia Replacement
Some Things Never Change: Hillary Looted the State Dept. - Just Like She Looted The White House
Hillary Clinton Supplied Cash, Weapons, Tanks, Training to Al-Qaeda to Kill Gaddafi; Weaponize ISIS in Syria
Why conservatives will need a new party if/when Hillary wins
FIGURES. Trump Accuser in NYT Hit Piece Linked to Clinton Foundation
Sanders on WikiLeaks reveals: Look forward, not backward
Terrific! #NeverTrump Candidate Evan McMullin Says Republicans Are Racist
Flashback: Hillary Laughed on Tape About Rape of 12-Year-Old Girl
RUMBLINGS: Top Paul Ryan Advisor Leaked Trump Sex Talk Tape to WaPo
Has anybody asked why the Trump audio wasn't made available a year ago?
Top Cardinal: Islam Wants to Conquer the World
Ryan sickened by Trumps lewd comments in video
Leaked memo shows Clinton was provided questions ahead of interview
CNN Goes "Full Reuters" - Attempts To Rig VP Debate Poll With Too Many Dems In Sample
5 Prominent Democrats With Big-Time Tax Problems Who Didnt Get Loads of Media Attention
Hillary To Be Investigated By U.N. For Election Fraud
NYT on How Hillary "Grappled" with Bill Clinton's Infidelities: Destroy the Accusers
Under Intense Pressure to Silence Wikileaks, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Proposed Drone Strike on Julian Assange
Join Me, Christians. I Promise To Grant Your Religious Liberty A Quick, Clean Death. | Clinton Op-Ed Satire
Resignation letters piling up at FBI -- reopening investigation into Hillary Clintons emails came after FBI Director Comey could no longer resist mounting pressure by FBI agents described as mutinous
Three in Florida, Virginia charged with voter fraud
UC Irvine students demand Rally for America be canceled
Democrat-Run Cities Push Plans to Let Non-Citizens Vote
FBI Reopens Clinton E-Mail Probe Less Than 2 Weeks Before Vote
FBI Reopens Clinton Email Investigation
American Mideast Coalition endorses Trump
Reports That Clinton Foundation CEO Sought Asylum in Russia in Fear For His Life
Just Before Election, Hillary Caught Breaking Election Law
Ceremony honoring police before HS game sends 'frightening message,' ACLU says
Well he isn't wrong.
Ben Stein Brings Bueller Back in Awesome New GOP Ad
Most accurate pollster in 2012 has Trump +1 going into the Debate
Thanks for giving me the choice, Google.
CNN's Stelter: Its False and Ludicrous that the Media Colluded with Clinton Campaign
Now, even Democrats can see the ObamaCare death spiral
Marco Rubio blasts President Obama for moves to normalize Cuba relations
Obama White House threatens war with Russia to score political points for Hillary Clinton
WSJ: 'Nation Now Has Proof' of Hillary Scandals, But Leftist Media 'Devote Its Front Pages to the Trump Story'
Emails show Bloomberg wants to be Clintons secretary of state
Bill Clinton: Donald Trump base is 'your standard redneck'
The deep disgust for Hillary Clinton that drives so many evangelicals to support Trump
Cops used a helicopter and the National Guard to take an 81-year-old womans medical marijuana plant
Obama Administration Is Quietly Delaying Thousands of Deportation Cases
Architect Of Obamacare Blames Republicans For Law's Problems
Bill Weld: Media Is Publishing Made-up Stories About Me
Supreme Court denies Obama request to rehear major immigration case
The new Comey
FBI to conduct new investigation of emails from Clintons private server
EPA Commissar Orders Americans To Live Like It's 1899
Assange claims crazed Clinton campaign tried to hack WikiLeaks
Spike In Immigrants Illegally Crossing Into US Ahead Of Election
Obamacare Architect: Obamacare Premium Increases Are 'Going to Be Severe' For 'A Million People'
Media Bias -- Liberal Reporters Hide Bias by Claiming They Are Independents
Germans Are Leaving Germany 'In Droves'
'Deport Them Immediately': Established Migrants in Germany Unhappy About Refugee Influx
Elizabeth Warren Goes After Trump By Making Chicken Noises. Seriously.
CNN/Rubio: Iran nuclear deal an unfolding disaster - world sees "an American president bend over backward" for Iran
Curt Schilling says he's running for the Senate in 2018 - Business Insider
Illegal Alien Living in New York Voted in Over 20 Elections
Donald Trump demands retraction of NY Times article about alleged assault and threatens lawsuit
IT'S SPREADING: "Bill Clinton a Rapist" Signs on Today Show - Heckler at Tim Kaine Rally! (VIDEO)
Smithsonian Black History Museum Cuts Out Clarence Thomas
Clinton Foundation refiles three years of tax forms
Bill Clinton slams ObamaCare: 'Its the craziest thing in the world'
Largest segment in recent U.S. immigrant surge came from Muslim nations
National Academies Hides $500 Billion 'Immigration Tax' In 495-Page Report
Alien Invasion: Documents show non-citizens are registering or voting by the thousands in two key swing states.
Wednesday Hillary Clinton is done: Reports Julian Assanges announcement on Tuesday will finish her
Clinton Supporters Vandalize Trump International Hotel in DC - Liberal Media Completely Ignores Attack
Own up to NAFTA, Democrats: Trump is right that the terrible trade pact was Bill Clintons baby - Salon.com
New Clinton Probe Proves Early Voting Is Bad For America
Agents Accuse Feds of Covering Up Record Border Detainee Numbers for 2016 Election
Democratic Socialism is Still Socialism
Hillary's 12 point lead shrinks down to just ONE POINT - as polls show Trump gaining steam in Florida BEFORE FBI's email reveal
From the Mouths of Babes... New York City First Graders Say Hillary Lies too Much
Clintons remodeled home without getting required permits
Homeless Woman Protecting Trump Star Beaten, Signs Destroyed.
FBI to Reopen Investigation Into Clinton Email Servers
Illegals accounted for 7 percent of all births in 2014
Poll: Republicans Trust Trump Over Paul Ryan
UC Berkeley 'identity' groups protest for safe spaces, block passage to white students
Trump-related broadcast news stories negative 91 percent of time, study finds
LEAKED CLINTON INTERNAL DOCUMENT: Discourage Trump Supporters with Bogus Polls and Declaring Election Over
No, Hillary, The Supreme Court's Heller Decision Wasn't About Toddlers
Florida Democrats push for new voting rules - ballots to be cast before registration verified
Here's a nice video condensing the corruption of the dnc, with a British accent to boot
Witness: DNC tour bus dumps human waste into storm drain
Don't ask CNN's Brooke Baldwin about term limits
Canadian Students Demand Censure of Bigoted Professor Who Refuses to Use Correct Gender Pronouns
Largest Voter Fraud Investigation in Texas History Underway in Tarrant County
Islam Apologists Are CANCER
Wikileaks: Debate Moderator John Harwood Emailed Podesta -- Often
Ben &amp; Jerrys declare support for Black Lives Matter, calls for ice cream boycott ensue
Cruz: Trump remarks 'disturbing and inappropriate'
FEC war: Dems reject call to protect Internet news, talk radio from regs
UPI/CVoter poll: Trump regains lead over Clinton as September ends
CNN's Snarky Screen: Why Won't Gary Johnson Quit Presidential Run?
Voter Fraud: Multiple Dead People Voting In Colorado
FBI Obtains Warrant Needed to Start Reviewing Emails Found on Laptop Used by Clinton Aide
FBI Obtains Warrant for Newly Discovered Emails in Clinton Probe
'Emails say nothing, really' - Eric Holder on Podesta leak (Keiser Report TEASER)
When Will Liberals Answer for Obamacare's Failures?
Wth the new premium hikes middle class couples will save significantly over 10k per year by getting divorced and staying in the same house.
Former Reagan Official: Evangelicals Calling for Trump to Withdraw Are Wrong -- The 3,000-plus people that a president would appoint to fulfill his or her goals are key to understanding the importance of an election. Those appointees have an "immense impact" on religious freedom
Before Gen Petraeus Was Busted for Classified Info Violations, Hillary Gave Him Some Email Advice
Foster mum's horror after 12-year-old refugee revealed to be 21-year-old Jihadi
Why Does the Left Stop the Poor from Choosing How to Educate Their Children?
Thousands of California soldiers forced to repay enlistment bonuses a decade after going to war
When Every GOP Presidential Nominee Is the Worst Republican Ever
Judge doubles down against Obama's bathroom plan -- 'The scope of this injunction should be and is nationwide'
DNC Schemes to Bully Women at Trump Rally
Rigged election? Democrat operative admits MASSIVE voter fraud
Fox News: Assange to Be Arrested Within the Next Few Hours
Welcome Aboard!
47 Lawmakers Demand Answers to HHS Rule Requiring Doctors to Perform Gender Transition Procedures
Democrats expose their own problems by attacking Trump
Justice Department decides to pass on prosecuting EPA officials over Gold King spill
The Associated Press Spins For Hillary
Ferguson effect? Savagely beaten cop didnt draw gun for fear of media uproar, says Chicago police chief
Your conduct, sir, is the distraction: Sen. Mike Lee calls on Donald Trump to step down
A brave girl who fled a Muslim marriage in Kuwait opens up about her support for Trump and Milo while unloading on feminism and Islam apologists.
The Final Days: Cruz, Ryan Stump For Trump
VP Debate Gives Mike Pence The Chance To Prosecute Case Against Hillary
EXCLUSIVE: DHS Refuses To Investigate Top Official Who Fast-Tracked Visas For Hillarys Brother
Trump Tax Return Story Exposes Policy Ignorance Of Political Reporters
Corporate feminism is a problem  but not for the reasons feminists think.
BREAKING: DOJ FINALLY Secures Warrant To Inspect Humas Emails
Trump Talks Faith, Religious Liberty, and Abortion In EWTN Interview
Erica Garner rips Clinton camp over emails on her father's death
Trump Is Inspiring Rust Belt Democrats To Cross Over
Clinton Campaign Chairman Had Multiple Dinners With Top DOJ Official During Clinton Email Investigation
Nets Silent on Perjury Sentencing of Democratic Attorney General
Clinton Cronys Allies Donated $675,000 to Political Campaign of FBI Officials Wife
Clinton Foundation Employed Now-Imprisoned Senior Muslim Brotherhood Official
Trump Up 2 Points Nationwide, While Clinton Campaigns As If The Race Is Already Won  IBD/TIPP Poll
Univeristy of Toronto testing free-speech rights
Two Women Say Donald Trump Touched Them Inappropriately
Unreleased footage from the 'Apprentice' allegedly has Trump saying the N-word
Donald Trump endorsing Hillary in 2012 and his appreciation for Bill Clinton
Trump won the third debate
Pretty much... and she's married to him.
Can Trump Be Replaced? Yes. These Are The Rules...
Fox News' Dana Perino On Donald Trump: "I'm Done!"
I'll drink to that!
The reason people mistrust Hillary Clinton...
He's With Her: Inside Paul Ryan's Months-Long Campaign to Elect Hillary Clinton President
FACT CHECK: Hillary Said 90% of Clinton Foundation Donations go to Charity. Actual Number? 5.7%
In our opinion: Donald Trump should resign his candidacy
Oh, Huffpo.
Recent Poll Shows More Americans Want Clinton Indicted than Want Her to Be President
McMullin: Republicans 'putting party ahead of principle'
Nigel Farage: Trump 'Not Running to Be Pope--He's Running For President'
Yet more proof America founded as Christian nation
Trump's Lewd Audio Might Have Reset the Race to His Benefit
Source: Trump attempted boardroom kiss
Trump lawyers given court date over lawsuit alleging rape of 13-year-old
Donald Trump Makes History With Zero Major Newspaper Endorsements
Glenn Beck endorses Constitution Party nominee Darrell Castle (x-post r/castleforpresident)
The Crowd Goes Wild as Trump Waves LGBT Flag During a Rally | One of the reasons why I cannot vote for Trump
Hillary the Philanthropist
the Choice
Spineless establishment Republicans care more about their jobs than the future of America
Trump Apparently Quotes Russian Propaganda To Slam Clinton On Benghazi
"Trump is on the verge of victory. Does this mean hes about to win the White House? Absolutely not, because that has never been his goal."
Can we stop with the Trump Bashing and the "X would have been a better candidate" Posts?
Liberal hypocrisy
Trump on accuser: 'Believe me, she would not be my first choice'
Hillary Clinton is running for Emperor https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/24584
Poll: Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump by 14 points nationally
Look! Donald Trump just called some girl fat!!
HOLY FUCKING SHIT NOT A DRILL- Doctor who pulled Hillary's blood clot found dead, ruled a "suicide" [x-post from The_Donald
America, You Have No Right to Judge Donald Trump
Shapiro: Welcome To Steve Bannon's Trumpocalypse
Hillary Clinton doesnt flinch as a fly LANDS on her face during presidential debate
Trump in 1989 Central Park Five interview: "Maybe hate is what we need"
Republican Women Are Unendorsing Trump Twice As Fast As Men Are
NYTIMES: Two Women Say Donald Trump Touched Them Inappropriately
FLASHBACK VIDEO: Hillary Clinton Threatens Bill Clinton's Accusers
Trump tells supporters to go vote on 'November 28th'
FLASHBACK VIDEO: Presidents Being Colorful, Including Obama's "B*tch Nigga Buy Your Own Damn Fries!"
WOW! Hypocrite Hillary Clinton Used SAME TAX AVOIDANCE LAW as Trump to Save Money on Taxes
A Statement from Gov. John Kasich
In Trump We Trust | Ann Coulter and Stefan Molyneux
Conservatives Should Vote for Donald Trump by Victor Davis Hanson
How Evan McMullin Could Win Utah And The Presidency
Kasich: I told you so
Paul Ryan Rejects Donald Trump's Claims of 'Rigged' Election
Proof that a great leader can be rough around the edges. "The Speech" by George S. Patton.
Your conduct, sir, is the distraction: Sen. Mike Lee calls on Donald Trump to step down
Today's forecast...
Hillary admits to "rubbing against" young male interns
Donald Trump Speech Today 10/22/16 POWERFUL Speech First 100 Day Plan , In Gettysburg, PA
John Kasich's dire warning for the Republican Party: EVOLVE OR DIE
Hillary uses Donald Trump's recent lewd comments in new ad
Shocked!
Trump TV is Starting RIGHT NOW
The End Is Nigh: Donald Trump, Horseman Of The Republican Apocalypse
Donald Trump, Horseman Of The Republican Apocalypse - Ben Shapiro
A powerful statement regarding the affairs of the past 24 hours
If Trump Werent a Monster, Clintons Leaked Speeches Would Be Devastating
Stop undermining confidence in U.S. elections!
'Not a scientist': Palin slams Bill Nye over global warming stance
Trump trashes Ryan: 'I don't want his support'
Trump campaign CEO wanted to destroy Ryan
Trump Is Not One Of Us
Unearthed Trump Quote from 2012: "I Don't Believe" in Deporting Most Illegals
They don't call her Killary for nothing
Hillary Clinton campaign WikiLeaks emails reveal disdain for Catholics, Southerners, 'needy Latinos'
Tranny assaults Laura Southern at free speech event at U of Toronto
Trump Doesnt Care Whether the GOP Keeps Congress
Will Illegal Foreign Voters Steal the Election?
POLL: Trump Most Liberal Republican Candidate in More Than 20 Years
New Ohio poll puts Hillary Clinton ahead of Donald Trump by 9 points
This dude makes my blood boil...
Trump will win the election and is more popular than Obama in 2008, AI system finds
George... REKT
Thanks, Hillary...
Could Hillary's smile cost her the election? Twitter mocks Clinton's 'creepy grandma' grin as she smirks her way through presidential debate
Sen. Mark Kirk (R-Ill.)calls for Trump to step down
Foundation
Heres Who Won The Debate, According To The Internet
Bill Maher: 'What the f- does it take' for GOP die-hards to be 'human beings' and not vote for Trump?
Condi Rice responds to report Trump called her a 'bitch' in 2006 : 'Can't wait until November 9!'
Clinton camp thinks Arizona may be in reach
Jeff Sessions: Behavior Described by Trump in 'Grab Them by the P---y' Tape Isn't Sexual Assault
Trump Tapes Don't Matter
The Red Pill: Cassie Jaye's Fall Down the Rabbit Hole
GLENN BECK: "If the consequence of standing against Trump and for principles is indeed the election of Hillary Clinton, so be it. At least it is a moral, ethical choice"
Donald Trump to Howard Stern: It's okay to call my daughter a 'piece of ass'
Inside Evan McMullins 10 years undercover in the CIA
Sorry, Democrats: The GOP isnt dead yet
Yes Master!
Trump Slams Ginsburg, Says She Made 'Very Inappropriate Statements'
Watch What Happens When Trump Supporter Confronts Martha Raddatz On Her Anti-Trump Debate Bias (VIDEO)
5 reasons why 40 million people will vote for Donald Trump
This cartoon from the 50s pretty much predicted the mind of a liberal
TRUMP BREAKS RECORD in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania! -- MASSIVE CROWD FOR TRUMP! (VIDEO)
Ethan Hawke: 'Trump Wanting to Jail Hillary is Fascist.' Yeah, He's a Moron...
Evan McMullin Close to Lead in Utah Polls
Leftist hypocrisy: Trump can't say "pussy" but liberals can
Trump says his insulting remarks toward women were for entertainment
More than 30 former GOP members of Congress oppose Donald Trump, call his candidacy 'disgraceful'
'WTF' Moment at 3rd Presidential Debate: Hillary Gives Away Time it Takes for US Nuclear Response
Video from 2008 Campaign Appears to Show Obama Flaunting Erection to Female Reporters
Ryan: Trump no longer attending joint event
'Rigged' Debates? Questions Arise Again Over Lighted Screen At Hillary's Podium
Nearly one-third of all Republican senators now say they wont support Trump
Will Paul Ryan's unflagging support for Donald Trump be an albatross around his neck when he eventually runs for President himself?
Trump's Evangelical Firewall Might Be Breaking
I double down and re-endorse Donald Trump for President of the United States!
Sean Hannity Goes After Megyn Kelly On Twitter For Criticism of Trump
Disturbing images from curriculum night at my 12 year old son's school
Rigging the Election - Video II: Mass Voter Fraud
The awful truth...
Trump loses out to VP Mike Pence in poll of GOP voters in post-election poll
I Listened to a Trump Supporter
Why the Democrats will say anything, do anything to win this election.
Abortion vs welfare
Society seems to be moving away from western values, I want to have some discussion over it.
Putin ally tells Americans: vote Trump or face nuclear war
"Trump car destroyed in black neighborhood" video is FAKE, hoax exposed
How the Overstuffed GOP Primary Field Led to Trumps Victory
Like many immigrants, I owe a debt to the Republican Party  of the 1980s
McMullin Challenges Johnson to Debate
Trump adds 32 heavyweights to Pro-Life Coalition
Mrs. Bill Clinton and Barack Obama are sleepwalking through the war on terror
Schwarzenegger says he won't be voting Republican for the first time ever
Clinton moves to 15-point lead over Trump in Va. in new CNU survey
9 things you need to know about the climate change hoax
Trump doesnt have to release his taxesand Warren Buffett should zip it
Arnold Schwarzenegger urges Republicans to vote country over party, dump Donald Trump
Trump Must Go | National Review
Black Lives Matter Supporters Plan Looting Sprees as Hurricane Matthew Hits
Bisexual Hillary Clinton? Bill Clintons Former Mistress Gennifer Flowers Claims He Told Her About The Former First Ladys Sexual Liaisons With Women
Free speech...
Republican Party Toppled by Liberal Long Con: The Classic Pump-and-Dump
Libertarian VP Candidate Admits Defeat, Tells Voters To Pick Clinton Over Trump
LEAKED CLINTON INTERNAL DOCUMENT: Discourage Trump Supporters with Bogus Polls and Declaring Election Over
Trump: Well Be Paying for the Wall But Mexico Will Reimburse Us
Clueless Democrat Sheila Jackson Lee Denounces "WIKIPEDIA" For Leaked Hillary Emails (VIDEO)
Homeowner Walks Into His Home, Finds Burglars There. What Happens Next Was Painful For The Burglars.
Trump won the third debate
UKIP's Nigel Farage Walks Back On Full Support Of Donald Trump
Only Gridlock Can Save America Now
Trump The Statesman Can Still Win
5 Arguments About Trump That Just Don't Matter Anymore
Trump Turns on GOP, Says He's Happy to be "Unshackled" from the Party
Donald Trump Tape -- Liberal Hysteria
I started my own podcast.
Ryan sidesteps Trump uproar to focus on "Better Way" agenda
Robert De Niro Wants to Punch Donald Trump in the Face
Leaked Memo Shows Steve Harvey Provided Clinton Every Question Before Interview
How Empathy Bias is Killing the Main Stream Polls (Trump's Right, They're Rigged!)
Mitt Romney on Twitter: Hitting on married women? Condoning assault? Such vile degradations demean our wives and daughters and corrupt America's face to the world
With less than 20 days left until the election, I would like to make an urgent plea to my fellow conservatives.
NEWSFLASH: Men are attracted to pretty women and sometimes engage in crude banter!
Breitbart coordinated with liberal activists to disrupt Rubio, Cruz events
MILO: Islam Is The Real Rape Culture
Ryan Rejects GOP Unity, Bucks Trump
"The Apprentice" Microphone Guy Says Trump Repeatedly Called Him A "Fucking Monkey"
Was fly sending message when it landed on Hillary Clinton's face?
Evan McMullin Unveils Principles for New American Leadership
Why Libertarians Should Vote for Trump (especially if you like winning)
Glenn Beck: Did Michelle Obama Deliver the Most Effective Political Speech Since Ronald Reagan?
#NeverTrump Has Destroyed The Republican Party
#NeverTrump GOP Candidate McMullin Admits His Goal is to Prevent Trump from Winning (Pro-Hillary)
Trumps alt-right trolls have subjected me and my family to an unending torrent of abuse that I wouldnt wish on anyone
Poll: Trump falls into tie with Clinton among Utah voters
Trump recorded having extremely lewd conversation about women in 2005
Hillary's Secret Alcoholism EXPOSED, Scared Staffers Try To 'Sober Her Up'
Send Darrell Castle to DC
Trump booed at Al Smith dinner
Dilbert Creator Bails On Trump
Milo DESTROYS A "Never Trump" Conservative
Clinton Calls Trumps Comments About Ripping Babies From the Womb Scare Rhetoric -- Trump: "shes saying... you can take the baby and rip the baby out of the womb in the ninth month, on the final day, he continued. And that's not acceptable"
Compare & Contrast
Newt Gingrich: Trumps Gettysburg Address Was Maybe the Best Reform Speech Since Reagan 
Ben Shapiro | Trump's Final Con
First Grandma Marian Robinson to Receive Lifetime $160K Government Pension
Want to save America? Read your local paper.
Ben Shapiro: An Honest Question For All Voting Americans
How Does the Minimum Wage Work?
Woman Claims Officer Groped, Wrongfully Arrested Her. So Police Released the Dashcam Video.
Five Types of Voters, More or Less Loyal to Trump
Trump on Hillary Clinton in 1999: 'She's a wonderful woman'
Soros slams Putin for 'heinous crimes against humanity' in Syria
Trump and the Intellectuals
Trump Gets Under Clinton's Skin During Debate by Making Her Defend Late-Term Abortion  It Gets Graphic
Democrat Corruption is Much Worse Than Trump
Trump is now actively killing the future of America.
Republican senators Crapo and Ayotte pull support for Trump Saturday morning. Start of a snowball of un-endorsements?
PSA: Correct the Record strategy for week
Flashback: Hillary Laughed on Tape About Rape of 12-Year-Old Girl
Rasmussen - Trump: 43, Clinton: 41
Donald Trump Says Central Park Five Are Guilty, Despite DNA Evidence
Pro-lifers who support Donald Trump are kidding themselves  and hurting the movement
Could Trump Pull Off a Surprise Last-Minute Victory? Two Reputable Pollsters Say Yes.
WOW: Megyn Kelly Getting Pummeled In Ratings As Trump Supporters Boycott Program
Trump: 'Not sure I believe' I'm losing with women
Republicans rush to condemn Trump  and distance themselves  after lewd video of Trump emerges
No, Hillary Clinton Didnt Mock Bernie Sanders Supporters
NeverTrump Agonistes: Trump is the Only Pro-Life Choice
Three days before Scalia's death. Check out the original for more details. Other emails/etc in the comments. [x-post from The_Donald
If You Dont Like Either Candidate, Then Vote for Trumps Policies
Is Modern Feminism Incompatible with Science? In a word, "Yes".
Paula Jones Relives Bill Clinton Alleged Sexual Assault: 'He Asked Me To...
Petition: Don't censor "The Red Pill" in Australia
Whiteness: The Original Sin
Even After All This Violent Campaign Rhetoric, The Worst May Be Yet to Come Heated politics have a habit of exploding
Email: Woman Discusses 'Speed Dating' Married Clinton Campaign Chair
Poll Shows Russian Attitudes to Gay People Are Worse Than Decade Ago. 80% think gay marriage should be illegal, 20% think gays should be isolated from society and 41% think that's the government should persecute gays
2 New York Liberals Bury The Hatchet
VIDEO: Oklahoma Teacher to students: To be white is to be racist
Trump: Paul Ryan is 'naive' or 'maybe something worse than that'
The Red Pill: There has never been a better film about the hypocrisy of modern day feminism
Trump just laid out a pretty radical student debt plan
Hillary Must Lose
Most GOP Senators Defecting from Trump Backed Amnesty Push - Pro-'Gang of Eight' Republicans disproportionately bailing on their party's nominee
Russia Is Not Your Friend
What A Hillary Presidency Would Look Like
the Morality card
I have a question for never Trumpers.
Donald Trump's Alt-Right Supporters: Internet Abuse Must End
Impending Hillary Sex Scandal - Breitbart
Bill Clintons Testimony During The Lewinsky Scandal Was Infinitely More Offensive Than The Trump Audio (VIDEO)
#RepealThe19th: Donald Trump supporters tweet new anthem after Nate Silvers poll shows hed win if only men voted
Shapiro: Trump's Final Con
RNC halts Victory project work for Trump
 Glenn Beck talks about the recent Convention of States Article V Simulation with Mark Meckler, President of Citizens for Self-Governance
An Actual Conservative's Guide To The Alt-Right: 8 Things You Need To Know
What election? This is, in effect, a power consolidation exercise.
Trump was in favor of "open borders" in trade just 3 years ago
Report: Trump Son-in-Law Working on Post-Election Trump TV Network
10 Cities in Central Russia Refuse to Hold 'Gay Pride' Parades
Donald Trump's collapse has Democrats eyeing once safe Republican seats
Gingrich: 'Little Trump is frankly pathetic'
Christianity Today  the flagship Evangelical magazine in America  denounces Trump
Ryan sickened by Trumps lewd comments in video
Megyn Kelly and the Revolt of the Conservative Women
Tom Hanks Joins Baldwin's Trump for SNL Third Debate Spoof
TOP 5: Triggering Movies That Couldnt Be Made Today | Louder With Crowder
The Norman Conquest was a disaster for England. We should celebrate Naseby, not Hastings
Hillary Clinton: Rape Enabler
Trump's Vile Candidacy is Chemotherapy for the GOP
Donald Trump is the GOPs chemotherapy
High-Profile Casey Anthony Attorney Now Representing Jane Doe in Trump Rape Lawsuit
Constitution Party nominee Darrell Castle: A promising alternative
Jack Abramoff: I Was Imprisoned for Same Things Hillary Clinton Has Done
Fox News Poll: Clinton leads Trump by 7 points
Want movie to make more money? Drop 'gay' content -- 'The myth is that there is this big group out there that wants this stuff'
New poll: Trump lead shrinks in Texas, within margin of error
Al Gore is now under criminal investigation and it's bad
When Asked To Show Evidence Of Man-Made Warming, Scientists Can't Do It
How Evan McMullin Could Win Utah And The Presidency
Congressman Jason Chaffetz withdraws his endorsement of Donald Trump
Scott Adams: "My prediction of a 98% chance of Trump winning stays the same."
Trump in 2008: Hillary Clinton will 'go down at a minimum as a great senator'
Republican women are done with Trump
When It Comes To Celebrating And Promoting Women, Trump Has Always Walked the Walk
Trump Once Called Bill Clinton's Accusers 'Unattractive'
CNN Orders Blackout on Clinton "Son." CNN boss Jeff Zucker has directly ordered network staff not to cover shocking allegations made my Arkansas resident Danney Williams, the DRUDGE REPORT has learned.
"Never In The 9 Years While Working In A Large Hospital, Often In The ER, Did I Hear The Words, 'Quick! Get Me Forceps And Suction! This Woman Needs An Emergency Abortion STAT!' Why Did I Never Hear These Words? Because Emergency Abortions Don't Exist."
Rasmussen Reports: Trump 43, Clinton 40
Glenn Beck: Hillary Clinton is a 'moral, ethical choice' for Republicans
EXCLUSIVE  Video Interview: Bill Clinton Accuser Juanita Broaddrick Relives Brutal Rapes
Trump has supported nearly all of Obama's economic policy agenda
Thanks NBC, im glad we cleared that up..
It's illegal for you to read the leaked emails, only we are allowed to do it. (X-post /r/AnarchoCapitalism)
The new Comey
Limbaugh Dismantles Michelle Obama's Fake Outrage Over Trump Comments
LGBT Against Islamaphobia...
The New York Times abandoned its integrity just to bash Donald Trump
"Gotta have them ribs and p*ssy too!" - Obama. Democrat hypocrites are ok with this. Instant Free Pass.
Harry Reid says FBI Director James Comey 'may have broken' federal law
Blog: Michelle Obama's Promotion of Misogyny and Date Rape
Trumps lurid tape just made Evan McMullin relevant
Gary Johnson courts Republicans as GOP officials abandon Trump
'Wouldn't it be nice if we attacked first?': Donald Trump floats military strategy ideas
When Hillary claimed for 240 years our candidates have respected the result of elections how on Earth does Trump not mention Bill Clinton VP going to court over HIS LOSS and appealing all the way to SCOTUS??
Man killed in controversial cop shooting had PCP in his system
Evan McMullin Endorsed By Conservative Talk Radio Icon Glenn Beck
Sen. Mark Kirk's Racist Attack On Iraq War Veteran Tammy Duckworth
A new war on women breaks out. This time, its inside the Republican Party.
A Postmodern NFL
Rigged Poll? WSJ/NBC Poll with 11 Point Clinton Lead Includes 14 Percent More Obama Voters
Announcing /r/PoliticsHangout, a new subreddit to talk about politics
The Trump tape doesn't matter
Ted Cruz's Quandary On What To Do About Donald Trump
12 Reasons to Vote for ~~Hillary~~Trump That Have Nothing to Do With Trump
Giuliani: 'Everybody' has history of infidelity
When Will Liberals Answer For Obamacare's Failures?
Trump rips Ryan, 'disloyal' Republicans for shunning his campaign
How the Great Paradox of American politics holds the secret to Trumps success
8 Times Liberals Claimed An Election Was Stolen Or Rigged
Report: RNC redirecting funds away from Trump
Michael Moore: Voting for Trump Makes You a Legal Terrorist
Trump defiantly exposes the corporate media establishment supported by trans-national financial interests who buy off corrupt politicians they enrolled ch themselves and drain the finances of the American citizenry. Required viewing for any voting citizen.
LOL: Lyin Media Triggered After Trump Says Hell Wait And See Before Accepting Election Results
A Tufts University sophomore who recently proposed a sweeping free speech resolution to the campus community has been viciously attacked and maligned on social media by peers who suggest hes only lobbying for free speech so he can be free to say racist and oppressive things.
Raising the Minimum Wage Won't Alleviate Poverty. Lowering it Might.
Poll finds Clinton and Trump tied in Utah as a potential spoiler surges
Carson defends Ryan from Trump's attacks
Mark Burnett says he cannot release 'Apprentice' tapes
Billy Bush suspended by NBC after Trump tape emerges
Stagnant economy most people worrying about just not getting laid off, and we are concerned with 10 year old comments.
Biden Tells Rally Crowd: I Know Some of You Are Not Crazy About Hillary
Liberals really do suck, and these 3 headlines prove it
MILO Effortlessly Shuts Down Black Feminist NAACP President At WCU
Vote Trump Or Vote Death
Glenn Beck Endorses Hillary Clinton
We Should Have Nominated Rand Paul  RedState
It's not rigged!
Trump offered Christie his VP slot  then rescinded it
Is Clinton a true Cubs fan? GOP accuses Hillary of jumping on World Series bandwagon
Islamist Expert: Give Syrians Their Own City in Germany
New Film The Red Pill Asks Whether Mens Rights Activists Have a Point
Pollster Pat Caddell: Something Strange Going On in Polls... "Shock Potential Enormous"
It seems like ranked choice voting would fix a lot about the primary and voting process, likely producing better candidates. Can we make this happen?
6 Reasons About Trump's Rise That No One Talks About
Hitler Wasn't Christian Or Atheist But He Had A Religion
Ann Coulter: In Trump We Trust | Real Time with Bill Maher
Wikileaks: Hillary Clinton Campaign Plans to Get Ahead of 'Hyper Sensitive' Health, Tax Issues
very interesting article, explains it the way I've been trying to.
Opinion: Trump & Putin, The Bad Cop Good Cop Duo Of The Anti-globalist Crusade
Bob Dylan Awarded Nobel Prize in Literature
John Kasich: Refusing to ratify TPP risks Americas role as the world leader
Obama's failures as President created Trump, but ultimately benefited Obama's legacy.
Wheelchair-Bound Woman Raped By Refugees At Sweden Asylum Center, Police Say
Justice Ginsburg calls national anthem protest 'dumb and disrespectful'
Liberals are Premature Prognosticators
'Clown Lives Matter' march planned for Oct. 15
Michelle Obama: 'We Need Someone Who is Honest and Plays by the Rules' as President
Happy Halloween...
Leaked Emails Show Clinton Campaign Coordinating With Soros Organization
WikiLeaks: It Took 12 Clinton Staffers 12 Hours And 10 Drafts To Write One Tweet
Sen. John McCain withdraws support for Donald Trump
FULL EVENT: Donald Trump ENORMOUS 21k Rally in CINCINNATI, OHIO 10/13/2016 Trump Cincinnati Speech
Trump in 2013: We must 'leave borders behind,' future is global economy - Business Insider
Hillary Must Lose (Sargon of Akkad)
CAUGHT ON CAMERA: Clinton Staffer Says I Could Grab [Her
RNC's Priebus Slams Trump Sex Tape
Trump live feed vs Clinton live feed
Hillary Clinton Would Be America's First Illegitimate President
Reddit is a perfect representation of why the GOP has lost the last few elections, and will lose this one as well.
To save conservatism, flip the ticket and dump Trump
1986 McCain controversy- Woman enjoys getting raped by a gorilla joke
Former Miss Universe Pageant Manager: I Have Never Heard One Accusation Against Mr. Trump (VIDEO)
Clinton has 'nothing to say' about email revealing $12M deal with Morocco's king
Super Bowl champion Burgess Owens has a message about the Democratic Party. The Democratic Party has been anti-black for over 150 years! It was the Republican Party  the party of Lincoln  that fought against slavery, segregation, Jim Crow, KKK. The Davis-Bacon Act.
Why Is Trumps Sexual Depravity Bad But Bill Clintons Okay?
TRUMP Drops Bomb at Al Smith Dinner, Says "Hillary Is So Corrupt... She's Pretending Not to Hate Catholics" (VIDEO)
Trumps dirty talk versus Hillarys corruption
Media Have Selective Memory When It Comes to Democrats Accepting Election Results -- Democrats challenged the results of the presidential elections in 2000 and 2004
Trump's campaign "pulling out of Virginia"
Texas has been cooling since 1895, but that doesnt suit NOAAs global warming agenda. So they keep cooling the past further and further to create the appearance of a warming trend. On The NOAA Texas Temperature Fraud
UPI/CVoter poll: Trump regains lead over Clinton as September ends
Hillary To Implement Gun Control By Executive Order
DEBUNKED: 'Adam Ruins Everything' Why a Wall Won't Stop Immigration | Louder With Crowder
New York Times Warns of 'the Dangers of Hillary Clinton'
Watch "Hillary Called Black Servant the 'N-Word' Claims Former Clinton Chef" on YouTube
Trump - "It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to."
Donald Trump On Howard Stern: It's Okay To Call Ivanka A "Piece Of Ass"
I see your sign, and raise you my windows
Neither Character Nor Conservatism
Just How Wise Is It When Marco Rubio Promises To Swear Off Factual Information From Wikileaks?
Rubio: I Won't Talk About WikiLeaks, and Neither Should Donald Trump
Did Hillary Grope You?
Why those polls that say Clintons ahead could be wrong: poll swings /= vote swings
Several Women Reveal New Stories of Trump Inappropriately Touching
Kellyanne Conway Just Did Something Totally Disgusting
Conway walks back Trump's threat to jail Clinton, calling it a 'quip'
As the GOP shifts to center, only a new conservative party can fill the void
10 transgender soldiers seek formal gender identity change
Democratic Hypocrisy, Never Trump Sanctimony
Trump Campaign: STATEMENT ON MONOPOLY POWER OF NEW MEDIA CONGLOMERATES
Why does the Left hate women?
He's With Her: Inside Paul Ryan's Months-Long Effort to Undermine Donald Trump for Hillary Clinton's Open Borders 'Dream' - Breitbart
Trump supporters claim Utah is throwing away vote by backing Evan McMullin
Donald Trump says he will accept results of election  if I win
POLLS: Trump Down 4, Trump Down 11, No Democratic Blowout In Congress
Coming next in ObamaCare: Insurance rationing?
The Conservative Civil War Over Trump (Conservatism vs Nationalism)
Tim Kaine Interrupts
Torn Over Donald Trump and Cut Off by Culture Wars, Evangelicals Despair
Cruz: Trump remarks 'disturbing and inappropriate'
Pentagon: Hillary Clinton Should Be Arrested For Leaking Top Secret Nuclear Intelligence on National TV
Mike Pence Considering Dropping Out of Race
Six Reasons Conservatives Should Not Vote for Donald Trump
Adoptive Parents Discover '12 Year-Old' Afghan Son is 21 Year-Old Trained Taliban Terrorist (VIDEO)
Planned Parenthood's Legal Fight To Kill Babies With Down Syndrome
Useful idiots serving their Elite masters
Michelle Obama's Promotion of Misogyny and Date Rape
CNN Liberals Try to Deny Hillary Laughed About Defending Child Rapist
Presidential Candidate, Gary Johnson, having an extended conversation with Penn Jillette. Includes discussion of his vetoes of government expansion as governor of New Mexico.
Giuliani: 'Dead People Generally Vote for Democrats'
Post-Debate Polls Show Trump Still In Big Trouble
Originalists Against Trump  We, the undersigned lawyers and scholars, are committed to the original meaning of the Constitution of the United States. We write to oppose the election of Donald Trump.
The Sleaziness of Donald Trump
Polls May Be Underestimating Evan McMullins Chances In Utah
How Vladimir Putin played Obama
Friday Evening Real Clear Politics Presidential Poll
Trump in 2013: US must 'leave borders behind'
Did Jessica Leeds stole her story from a 1968 song?
John F. Kennedy warns about Hillary Clinton's secrecy and predicts media's response by Wikileaks
Russia's Lavrov: "So Many Pussies" On Both Sides Of U.S. Presidential Campaign
Donald Trump: Warren Buffett Fires Back on Tax Comment
How the moderators hijacked the second debate
Mike Lee on Trump
Can we finally stick a fork in Wisconsin John Doe?
My (very)conservative pastor preached on Clinton and the election today. Please watch and share with anyone who is supporting her or not voting at all.
Common sense regarding Russia
DJT: "Our very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty."
As Governor, Tim Kaine FIRED 5 Virginia State Police Chaplains for PRAYING Publicly in Jesus Name
Donald Trump is America's Brexit
Gingrich affirms election being stolen  by media: Calls it a 'coup,' says Trump would be winning by 15 points without 1-sided press
Only Gridlock Can Save America Now
Fail: Gun-Controlled Australia Admits Criminals Still Armed, Launches New Amnesty - Breitbart
As protesters accuse her husband of rape, Clinton blasts Trumps scorched earth tactics
The New York Times Paid No Taxes in 2014 - Breitbart
POSTAL WORKER Brags Online About Destroying Trump Ballots
Gennifer Flowers: Bill Clinton Paid $200 For Me to Abort His Baby
MAGA...
Reporter Admits Secret Service at Debate Said No Flashes Because of Hillarys Seizure Disorder
New Podesta Email Exposes Dem Playbook For Rigging Polls Through "Oversamples"
Libertarian presidential nominee Gary Johnson couldn't name the leader of North Korea
What's your take on the Bundy verdict?
Trump: A better candidate than Reagan
Aussie Chief Scientist: We have [climate
WikiLeaks: Obama Rejected Hillary Clinton's Executive Gun Control Plan
Clinton Email Scandal: Hillary's Hypocrisy And Media's Bias Revealed
Republicans drink beer, Democrats sip why
Character is Destiny
Evan McMullin: If you [Austin Petersen
The hypocrisy of liberalism
John Kasich follows through on vow not to vote for Donald Trump, writes in John McCain instead
Unite to Make the World Great Again
Pence's Campaign Plane Slides off Runway at LGA
Who did you Vote for?
Syrian Mother: Islamic State Baked Christians, 'Kneaded' Children in Bakery Machines - Breitbart
Feminists Rejoice as "Mansplaining" is Featured on Jeopardy
Deplorable Duo
Donald Trump vs The Establishment
Elections Have Consequences, But Its the Other 1,460 Days That Matter
20 New Papers: Higher CO2, Global Warming Increase Crop Yields, Green The Earth, Reduce Weather Extremes, Extend Human Life
Why You Shouldnt Use Transgender Pronouns
This sub feels like a more pleasant version of r/the_donald where all of the posts aren't yelling at you.
Chelsea flagged 'serious concerns' about Clinton Foundation conflicts
Hammer Time
Unions Running to the Courts Amid Continual Legislative Losses
'The Atlantic' Editors Endorse Hillary Clinton for President
Study: Liberal professors outnumber conservatives 12 to 1
Evan McMullin Hits Back At Attacks From Hannity And Lou Dobbs: "What Do These Men Really Stand For?"
Wikileaks Emails Prove Obama Lied When He Said He Didnt Know Hillary Was Using Unsecure Email Server
HUGE 20,000+ crowd chants denouncing the media for their bias as they enter Trump's Ohio rally.
Utah Senate Debate: a debate this year with actual conservative arguments
French terror police say 15,000 Islamic radicals including 2,000 CHILDREN on watch list
Why Environmentalism Became Both a Religion and a Con Game
Gabby Morrongiello on Twitter. Statement from vet who asked Trump about veteran suicide rates this morning. Calls his answer "thoughtful" and "understanding"
Liberal pundits concede: Mike Pence won the vice-presidential debate
Michelle Obama Says She's Never Heard Anything Like Trump?
Is this unearthed video from 2000 enough to charge Hillary Clinton with criminal intent for her email server?
And The Whiner Is...
Terrific! #NeverTrump Candidate Evan McMullin Says Republicans Are Racist
Top 10 Hillary Clinton scandals exposed by WikiLeaks
Literally 24/25 of the posts on the front page of r/politics right now are anti-Trump. So much for a place for fair and civil political discussion.
Political insider - Secret Service Agent Says "Good Morning" To Hillary - She Responds with "F--k off"
Busty Ross
WIKILEAKS: Hillary Staffers Were Happy About Killing of Black Teen to Advance Gun Control This is Great
5 Times Democrats Claimed U.S. Elections Are 'Rigged'
U.S. CODE: Hillary R. Clinton has disqualified herself from holding any public office in the United States
Tim Kaine Holds Rally and Only 30 People Show Up!
Disgusting! The shills over at r/Politics have reached a new low "It's okay that some refugees may commit mass murder in America, because not all of them will"
Experts said Arctic sea ice would melt entirely by September 2016
"Politifact is a legitimate fact checker"
FTN Analytics  Texas
Watch "MARK TURI INTERVIEW REAL BENGHAZI COVER-UP Full Report" on YouTube
Bill Maher on the Superiority of Western Values
Decision 2016: A Guide for Hillary &amp; Trump Voters
Both Alaska U.S. Senators Resign GOP Leadership Positions over Trump
Sources for conservative fiscal/economic thought
Oil-import quota clash: Striking back at OPEC (Use our oil!)
The Veil of John Rawls Ignorance
Dem Operative Who Oversaw Trump Rally Agitators Visited White House 342 Times
Car With Trump Stickers Looted, Destroyed By Black Youth
Pat Buchanan Says Was America Better When Races Knew Their Place - The Libertarian Republic
Kathleen Willey: Hillary's Complicit In Bill Clinton's Sexual Misconduct
Non partisan - do people on Reddit actually hate Trump this much or is r/politics filled with paid shills?
The New York Times Likely Broke Law by Publishing Trumps Taxes. Free Speech is No Excuse.
Frank Luntz: Rubio would be up eight points against Clinton right now, Kasich would be up 12 - Hot Air
What 130 of the Worst Shootings Say About Guns in America
Breakdown of Trumps Gettysburg Address
Trey Gowdy On Hillary's Treason Email Scandal 'be in jail'
Scarborough Rips MSM Hypocritical 'Freak Out' Over Trump Refusing to Blindly Accept Election Result
Walker: Trump Must Accept Election Results
Protect Toddlers From Guns  Hillary Goes On Nonsensical Gun Control Tear At Debate
Trumps March to 270 -- Can Donald Crack The Electoral College?
WikiLeaks Claims To Release Hillary Clinton's Goldman Sachs Transcripts
Americans are losing faith in democracy  and in each other
I was torturing myself by watching THE WEST WING last night.
How Julian Assange Turned WikiLeaks Into Trumps Best Friend
Leaked email shows Clinton calling Correct The Record employees "nerd virgins" who "get locked up in a vault and never get laid"
Speaker Paul Ryan To Campaign With Donald Trump In Wisconsin
Hillary Clinton: "If Trump's decisiveness in choosing Mike Pence as his running mate is any indication, he'll be great at making hard decisions as president."
Ann Coulter: VP pick is Trump's first mistake
The Case For Trump?
x Is Flipping Wisconsin Trumps Biggest Surprise?
Juanita Broaddrick Responds to Trump P*ssy Tape: "I Was 35 years old when Bill Clinton, Ark. Attorney General raped me..."
Donald Trump Suggests He Might Sue NBC Over 'Access Hollywood' Recording
Porn Star Becomes Latest Trump Accuser - Day After Launching Online Sex Store
ECPS Utah Poll: McMullin 31%, Trump 27%, Clinton 24%
Trump firebombs Paul Ryan
NEW WikiLeaks...Hillary Shared Classified Info on Bin Laden With...
NYT Column: Killing My Baby At 22 Weeks Made Me 'A Better Mother'
Senate Update: GOP Candidates Are Doing Better Than Trump And May Still Lose
Kaepernick Wears Black Panther Shirt After Blowout Loss
Warming Alarmists Redefine What A Hurricane Is So We'll Have More Of Them Stock Market Analysis
Utahs Top Mormons in All-Out Revolt Against Donald Trump
LiveLeak.com - Florida Doctor Offers Free Testosterone Test to Men Thinking of Voting for Hillary Clinton
On Saturday, at the second year of the so-called Amber Rose SlutWalk, the streets of Los Angeles overflowed with proud self-styled "sluts," shouting their sluttery from the rooftops, dressed in fishnet stockings and holding signs promoting promiscuity, in the name of third-wave feminism, of course.
Judge Jeanine DESTROYS Hillary Clinton
What happens when you overdose Socialism
CNN Goes "Full Reuters" - Attempts To Rig VP Debate Poll With Too Many Dems In Sample
But how dare Trump reserve judgement on the credibility of the election...
Watch Leftist Students Say Science is Racist and Should be Abolished
Trump: 'Ive been proven right' on Clinton and open borders- Politifact: Mostly False (Somehow)
Sign the petition: We the people ask congress to meet in emergency session about removing George Soros owned voting machines from 16 states
Ben Shapiro Destroys The Abortion Argument
My favorite radio host from DFW - Mark Davis - on why you should support Trump if you're a conservative
Interesting polling methods for the recent poll that had Hillary up 50-38..
Watch: Veteran, Former Bernie Supporter Destroys Hillary, Chelsea ... And Bernie
The Most Explosive WikiLeaks Clinton Revelations (So Far)
Why Does the Left Stop the Poor from Choosing How to Educate Their Children?
Wrong, PolitiFact: Hillary Supports Unlimited, Tax-Funded Abortion
The deep disgust for Hillary Clinton that drives so many evangelicals to support Trump
Hillary Clinton in 2002: George W. Bush Was 'Selected, Not Elected'
EXCLUSIVE - Jackie Mason: Hillary Clinton Too Untrustworthy to Serve as Bathroom Attendant
Trumps flagrant dishonesty, consistent misogyny and boastful unrepentance made many of us feel the need to publicly express disagreement with President Falwells endorsement.
The Most Textbook Example Yet that the Media is in the Corner of the Democrats
Why Voter Fraud is a Massive Problem | Lauren Southern and Stefan Molyneux
Liberty University Republican Students Reject Trump
Rasmussen: Trump, Clinton in Statistical Tie
Ted Cruz: Every wife, mother, daughter -- every person -- deserves to be treated with dignity and respect.
Keep the Senate!! Campaign Twitter Handles for Battleground GOP Senate Candidates
Trump Sprints Into Blue States As Hillary Collapses
Hillarys Upset That Trump Says He Wont Accept Election Results. Heres What Hillary Has To Say About Election 2000.
Science vs. Liberal Science...
Stop complaining about Trumps war on the media because hes right - Hot Air
Survey: Trump has 38-point lead over Clinton in Wyoming
NY Assemblywoman Claudia Tenney: Hillary Clinton 'Destroyed' New York as Senator; Imagine What She'd Do to Country as President
Has anybody asked why the Trump audio wasn't made available a year ago?
Watch the video Clinton tried to ban. Perfect for a relaxing Sunday.
Poll Finds Young Americans More Open to Socialist Ideas
Gross Out in Portland | The American Spectator
A nonsensical academic paper on nuclear physics written only by iOS autocomplete has been accepted for a scientific conference.
New Bill Clinton Sexual Assault Accuser Leslie Millwee Goes Public for the First Time
Paul Ryan: If Republicans Lose the Senate, Bernie Sanders Wins
A window into the $15 wage hypocrite's world
CNN: 1 in 5 Big Companies Pay No Taxes
MEDIA CORRUPTION: Hillary Up 5 Points in AZ Poll That Interviewed Nearly TWICE as Many Democrats as Republicans
"Bill Clinton Was Here": The Elite One-Percents 'Orgy Island' Exposed
Dems adopt Trump's 'rigged' line after FBI bombshell
Trump Just Embarrassed America In Front Of The Entire World Again
Charles Krauthammer: Barack Obamas stillborn legacy
Breaking: Clinton Cancels Campaign Events With Sanders
Bill Clinton Rape Accusers Asked If They've Gotten Same Media Attention As Trump's. Their Answers Are Telling...
Clinton 'fixer': Hillary's affair with Vince Foster 'an open secret' -- Admits paying off reporters, hiding sex romps, joining 'team effort' to destroy Lewinsky
Hillary's emails matter: A retired CIA officer explains why
Glenn Beck: Clinton may be investigated and quickly resign, if she wins the election
Where Do SJWs Come From?
Bundy Acquitted for Occupation of Federal Land, Left Blames Racism : Ben Shapiro
Where should I go for quality, conservative media?
Chicago pastor delivers pro-abortion prayer for Planned Parenthoods anniversary
American Roulette
Trump would love to fight Biden behind a barn
This Election Year is No Time for Gentlemen
Crisis of the Conservative Intellectual
Rubio to GOP: We should stop talking about the Wikileaks documents - Hot Air
Ben Shapiro: 6 Thoughts on Being The #1 Journalistic Target of Jew-Hatred
Gary Johnson's Libertarian rivals reject him for president
What if the USA was invaded by China?
Serious question, what does it mean to be conservative now?
Mainstream Media Gleefully Prepares Onslaught Of Anti-Trump Coverage In Final Weeks Of Campaign - DCWhispers.com
Unshackled Trump poses threat to Ryan
A free state project for conservatives
Feds to launch criminal contempt case against Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio
Trump Lives to Fight Another Day Thanks To Just Five Words
Background checks are racist if you want to be a cop.
Trump Town Hall meeting from yesterday | Addressing how to bring back jobs
A Rundown On Some of The Weird Rural Subsidies Your Tax Money Goes Toward
A Hero Will Rise - Vote Trump Pence 2016
The secret forces that could lead to a Trump victory
Are we the counterculture now?
[LIVE
Clueless Reporters Deny the Reality of Partial-Birth Abortion
Barack And Michelle Obama Lie To The American People About Conservatives
Ben Shapiro talking the double standard on Kelly File
Will hillary cancel the next debate
WikiLeaks: Hillary Clinton Said Jordan 'Can't Possibly Vet All Those Refugees' from Syria
Vegan Artist Accused of Being Racist for Black Body Paint
For Affirmative Action, Brazil Sets Up Controversial Boards To Determine Race
Media Eviscerate Trump As Misogynistic; Give Liberal Sleazes a Pass
Rigged Debates: Wikileaks Confirms Media in Clintons Pocket - Clinton's people asked for all sorts of special treatment from the DNC and the pressand they got it
Hillary Clinton's campaign wanted to elevate Donald Trump and other 'extreme' Republicans
ABC NEWS: How The Clintons Raped The People Of Haiti
Dismemberment Abortions Tear Babies Limb From Limb, Hillary Clinton Calls That "a Scare Tactic" | LifeNews.com
Own up to NAFTA, Democrats: Trump is right that the terrible trade pact was Bill Clintons baby - Salon.com
Ron Paul: US Elections Are Rigged, Voting Simply Used to Pacify the Public - Your Online News
Donald J. Trump - Here is my statement
CNN (CLINTON NEWS NETWORK) TELLS VOTERS WHAT TO SAY (Clinton won the orc/cnn poll)
A professor is under fire after saying Black Lives Matter is as racist as the KKK
Washington Post on Comey: Before and After Clinton FBI Investigation Re-Opening
Trump: I'd Get Electric Chair for Cheating Debates Like Hillary
Hillary Clinton Email Scandal: The Clintons Haven't Changed a Bit
WikiLeaks - The Podesta Emails part 16 COLLUSION WITH POLITICO back in December 2015.
Trump's Misdemeanors vs. Hillary's Felonies
Oops! Man in 'Bill Clinton Rape' T-Shirt Pops Up at Hillary Rally - (VIDEO)
GOP asks which Trump-Pence foreign policy is for real
Donald Trump has become voters default choice
Wikileaks emails REVEALS Hillary campaign pushing Muslim Obama narrative!
Rubio Warns GOP On WikiLeaks: 'Tomorrow, It Could Be Us'
Clinton aides alarmed by Bills Energizer in leaked emails
Republicans Already Have a Plan to Make Clinton's Presidency a Living Hell
Barack And Michelle Obama Lie To The American People About Conservatives
Leo DiCaprio Proposes Leftist Religious Test to Hold Political Office
Judge Napolitano: The NSA hacked the DNC, not Russia
A brave girl who fled a Muslim marriage in Kuwait opens up about her support for Trump and Milo while unloading on feminism and Islam apologists.
Laura Ingraham: The Trump Betrayal By Republican Elites Won't Soon Be Forgotten
Colin Powell says he's voting for Clinton
Leaked email shows Democrats knew that raising the minimum wage would cost jobs
Is America Ready For Hillary Clinton's 'Shariah Advisor' In The White House?
Donald Trump campaign ad to Indian Americans
Steven Crowder Rebuts Idiot Samantha Bee for her Abortion Comments
Colts cut Antonio Cromartie after kneeling during national anthem
New Jersey Goes Off The Deep End, Wants To License Building Swimming Pools
WATCH LIVE: Man Claiming to Be Bill Clinton's Illegitimate Son Makes Pre-Debate Announcement
Why conservatives will need a new party if/when Hillary wins
FIGURES. Trump Accuser in NYT Hit Piece Linked to Clinton Foundation
Gwen Ifill: Absent the Trump Audio, We'd Be 'Paying A Lot More Attention' To Hillary Speech Revelations
No, Hillary, The Supreme Court's Heller Decision Wasn't About Toddlers
Teen Charged With Murder After Killing Her 2-Pound Premature Baby. How Is This Different From Abortion?
I paid $40k to be told how to vote.
Watch: 13 Year-Old Girl At Trump Rally: If Donald Had A Brick For Every Hillary Lie, He Could Build TWO WALLS
Pat Buchanan: Clinton presidency would be "A presidency from hell"
Planned Parenthood rips proposal to require fathers consent for abortion
Illegal immigration surged 23 percent over last year
Liberal Hero, Justice Ginsburg, Calls Kaepernick's Protests 'Really Dumb'
Libertarian VP nominee Bill Weld: Ill spend the rest of the campaign attacking Trump exclusively
Black Lives Matter Defaces Statue of Christopher Columbus
Draining the swamp
Trump announcement today shook the Obama Administration to the core
They're not rigged!
Election corruption watch: Did Obama win in 2012?
Fox News Poll: Clinton leads Trump by three points
Senator Tim Scott - Putting a Face on Poverty
The 20 most damning revelations about Hillary Clinton from the Wikileaks...
O'Keefe Uncovers Sick "Secret Weapon" Clinton Camp Preparing to Unleash on Trump
The DC Gun Control Case Was Not About 'Toddlers.' It Was About Americans Right To Own A Gun.
Rep. Babin on Rigged Elections: 'There Are Fraud Investigations Going On Right Now in Three States'
Obama administration sues Peter Thiel; Palantir; conservatives see political reprisal
Planned Parenthood Celebrates Centennial: 6,803,782 Babies Aborted
The battle for life must go well beyond politics
Watch: Trump Supporter Jon Voight's 'Plea to Save America'
Krauthammer: Its not the locker-room talk. Its the lock her up talk.
Maine Gov. Paul LePage: The Constitution is broken and we need some authoritarian power from Trump to set things right
Why do Police sometimes shoot unarmed citizens? This is an interesting and informative video that more people should see.
Putting The Trump Controversy Into Perspective
The Tyranny of the Minimum Wage
The Truth About The Donald Trump Controversy
The Republican White Togas at Work for the Queen of Sleaze
Germans Are Leaving Germany 'In Droves'
IT'S SPREADING: "Bill Clinton a Rapist" Signs on Today Show - Heckler at Tim Kaine Rally! (VIDEO)
New Evidence Links Voting Machines And Clinton Foundation
Trump Up 2 Points Nationwide, While Clinton Campaigns As If The Race Is Already Won  IBD/TIPP Poll
Obamacare was built to fail
UN goes all-in for unlimited migration
Madonna pledges oral sex for Clinton voters
Wikileaks dump: Team Hillary was terrified GOP would nominate anyone other than Trump.
What we saw from @GovPenceIN, was a fearless Conservative riding into battle with pure delight as he destroyed Liberals
Activist featured in Project Veritas videos also worked with Breitbart to bring down Rubio
Trump vows to weaken U.S. media 'power structure' if elected
Clinton Made A 'Joke' About Palin - Then Her Campaign Made Sure The Reporter Didn't Print It
SNL Mocks Trump As Stupid, Racist, Gay Liar; Hillary As Too Perfect
Socialism Kills More Babies than War
Mindy Kalings family feud exposes Americas cultural divide
Obama: Vows No Censorship but to Create Label for What Is Reliable Media
80 Percent Of Americans Support Limiting Abortion To The First Trimester
Trump releases seven-point health care reform plan . . . and it's excellent
Woman Backtracks on Assault Claim After O'Keefe Video
VANDALS HURL BRICKS Through Windows at Indiana GOP Office (VIDEO)
The Most Explosive WikiLeaks Clinton Revelations (So Far)
US fails to make most free top ten list
Foster mum's horror after 12-year-old refugee revealed to be 21-year-old Jihadi
Life Comes At You Fast-NANCY PELOSI ON JAMES COMEY July16
New Emails in Clinton Case Came From Anthony Weiner's Electronic Devices.
The Conservative Intellectual Crisis
Darrell Castle to defend the constitution in tonight's Free and Equal presidential debate
Americans are Embracing Bad Government Because They Don't Know History
China's "harmonious socialist society
How To Stop The Feds From Micromanaging The Country
Donald Trump rips into possible AT&T-Time Warner deal
The Obama-Clinton banana republic
Speaker Ryan Responds to President's Health Care Speech
Career Politicians  President Trump Says Youre Fired!
Vandals throw bricks through windows at Delaware County Republican Party office
'Originalists Against Trump' Release Their Manifesto
Amy Schumer's Trump comments prompt boos, walkouts
Catholic University BANS Pro-Life Posters: According to the university president, these three words are rooted in "bigotry" and might "provoke" other students.
Fox Business host Lou Dobbs appears to post personal information of Trump accuser on Twitter
We have a problem, and we need to do something about it.
Pivit prediction market steady in swing states, while Nate Silver forecast showing huge swing toward Clinton.
White House Watch: Trump Ups It A Notch
C-SPAN Caller Who Claims to Know Tim Kaine Says He's 'Manchurian Candidate'
3 Ways to Use the VP Debate to Talk About Religious Liberty
McMullin surges to a 3-way tie in Utah
Every survivor of sexual assault deserves to be heard, believed, and supported.
RUMBLINGS: Top Paul Ryan Advisor Leaked Trump Sex Talk Tape to WaPo
Billionaire Clinton "Hillblazer" Pushes New Tax That Funnels Middle Class Money To Wall Street
Liberals Sign Petition to Allow Illegal Immigrants to Vote in 2016 Presidential Election
This Debate is rigged...
Newt Gingrich EXPLODES at Megyn Kelly Calling Trump a Sexual Predator 'You're Fascinated with Sex!'
FBI Director James Comey May Be a Crook, Says Democratic Leader
Hidden Donald Trump vote becomes formidable force
Never Trumpers and Reluctant Trump Supporters, Stop Questioning Each Others Motives
Tom Hayden, prominent anti-war activist, dies at 76
GQ Albermann Anti-Trump Rant
Donald Trump Vs Hillary Clinton: A Sentiment Analysis On Twitter Mentions
[Video
I made bingo cards for debate. Feel free to join in!
Watch "Trump's Not The Only One Who Thinks the System Is Rigged | SUPERcuts! #377" on YouTube
Keeping Thing Civil - Brilliant Essay by SciFi Author. Will Liberals Start a War?
This is the first election the Homeschool Legal Defense Association hasn't endorsed a candidate. Your thoughts for voters who are most concerned with education?
D'Souza: Trump Needs to Admit He's From 'Other Side of The Tracks'
Feel the Scorch
Ok So Can We Talk About The Issues
Veteran picks up American Flag after it was thrown on the ground at a football game
SEMI-NEWS/SEMI-SATIRE: October 16, 2016 Edition
Top 10 Founding Father Quotes Which Describe The 2016 Election
Some in G.O.P. Who Deserted Donald Trump Over Video Are Returning
Clinton reaches new low in ad accusing trump of making fun of autistic children - debunked video
This is why Big Pharma can price gouge in America
Feds will now pick plans for displaced Obamacare customers
Mark Levin's Liberty Amendments: Part IV
"The Pie Life" says housewives are unhappy. That's bull****
(2009) Whatever Happened to the Work Ethic?
With SCOTUS picks, Trump vows to protect under siege Second Amendment
Democratic Socialism is Still Socialism
Islam Apologists Are CANCER
Wikileaks: Hillary Clinton Skipped Metal Detector Before Benghazi Hearing
CNN coaches respondents during after debate discussion.
A CNN poll where 58% were Hillary supporters only had Hillary winning the debate 57-34%
Donald J. Trump's Statement regarding comments he made in 2005
Racism Is Not The Cause Of Black Failure -- A very calm, respectful discussion . . .
Trump Slams Media at FL Rally: Without the Press, Hillary Would Be 'Nothing - Zero'
Shocked
In New Video: Trump Says Not a Believer in Term Limits. Praises Gun Grabber Mike Bloomberg.
Gingrich Attacks Kelly, Trump Attacks Ryan. This Isn't About Beating Hillary. It's A Scam.
MSNBC's Matthews: Trump Looking Like 'Baghdad Bob' With Claims He's Winning Election
A 41-year-old North Bay man with a felony criminal record attempted to assassinate two Vallejo police officers on a coffee break Sunday night, police officials said Monday.
Who Said It: Margaret Sanger or Adolf Hitler?
Michelle Obamas Misogyny Hypocrisy
As Trump stumbles, why Evan McMullin could win in Utah
Donald Trump is Having a Bimbo Eruption
The End is Nigh: Donald Trump, Horseman of the Republican Apocalypse
Lauren Southern Becomes a Man
Trump wins post-debate CNN focus group 10-5
Clinton Adviser: Hillary And Bill Have The Worst Judgment
Cardinal Dolan DEMANDS HILLARY APOLOGIZE To Catholics (VIDEO)
Pharma CEO: Were in Business of Shareholder Profit, Not Helping the Sick
Write-ins could propel Bernie Sanders in Vermont, even though he does not want to win
Mexican Illegal Alien Deported Ten Times Since 2010 Charged With Child Rape
Trump's sleazy comment about ten-year-old girl as she visited Trump Tower revealed
The end of conservatism?
GAMECHANGER: New WikiLeaks Confirms Hillary DELIBERATELY, Criminally Deleted Emails
Rigging the Election  Video III: Creamer Confirms Hillary Clinton Involvement
BREAKING: James O'Keefe Releases FOURTH Video, Follow The Money
According to the media Hillary has the composure of a President because she smiles when you call her a crook, and Trump doesn't because he fights back when he is called a racist demagogue.
Donald Trump demands retraction of NY Times article about alleged assault and threatens lawsuit
ESPN Loses 621,000 Subscribers; Worst Month in Company History
Age of Obama-Chicago cop says she feared using gun while being beaten
Rutgers student wears Trump hat around campus for a week, exposes intolerant progressives - The College Fix
Why aren't we being honest with ourselves about the state of the campaign?
Rigging the Election - Video I: Clinton Campaign and DNC Incite Violence at Trump Rallies
Paul Ryan wont defend or campaign for Trump ahead of election
"Because you'd be in Jail"
Is the media giving Hillary Clinton a pass for her own Aleppo moment?
Why homeschooling is an issue that affects every conservative whether they do it or not
Is there a list of all the Hillary scandals/negative things which disqualify her from being president?
Blog: Awkward: Sanders-Clinton joint appearance cancelled in wake of Hillary insulting Sanders supporters as basement dwellers
Democrats Agree Trump's Accusers Should Be Believed. So, Here's a Full List of Every One of Bill Clinton's.
Boy Treated as a Girl By His Mother Suffered 'Significant Emotional Harm', Court Hears
Harry Reid: the utter embarrassment for a senator who if his lips are moving he's lying.
Trump camp puts forward witness to refute sex assault claim
[Hillary makes snide remark
NFL Ratings Tanking in Wake of Leftist Moral Exhibitionism
Planned Parenthoods 100 Year Anniversary: Margaret Sangers Organization Hurts Women
[Discussion
Dr. Ben Carson: "Will the political elites of both parties succeed in continuing there reign of fiscal irresponsibility and military weakness or will the people understand what is going on and will they be wise enough to thwart those efforts?"
Sen. McCain Says Republicans Will Block All Court Nominations If Clinton Wins
Teens React to Donald Trump Tape Scandal
Still the best candidate -- Some evangelicals still back Trump despite lewd video: I dont condone the conversation; but I dont condemn the man!
NEWSFLASH! Policing Reduces Crime!
Welcome Aboard!
Beautiful SNL Sketch showing the relationship between rednecks and African-Americans.
Obama will do just about anything to save ObamaCare
Ted Cruz Lets Loose on Why He's Standing by Trump: "Hillary Clinton Is an Absolute Disaster"
Police kill six year old white child, no White Lives Matter riots ensue
Bill Bennett, F.H. Buckley: A call for GOP unity and #NeverHillary
Facebook Lets Advertisers Exclude Users by Race
The Problem With Elizabeth Warren
Southern Poverty Law Center: Ayaan Hirsi Ali and Maajid Nawaz Are Anti-Muslim Extremists
Germany's Migrant Rape Crisis: Where is the Public Outrage?
Colin Powell Announces He Will Vote For Hillary Clinton
U.S. will pay for wall, according to Trump
Watch: Weird Al turned Clinton and Trump's final debate into a musical
Morgan Freeman's thoughts on racism in today's society
Independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin leads in Utah a new poll
Trump to impose congressional term limits.
Introducing Pragerpedia, a useful new app for my fellow millennials.
An Iraqi refugee who authorities say wanted to set off bombs at two Houston malls has pleaded guilty to trying to help the Islamic State group. The 24-year-old came to Houston from Iraq in 2009. He was indicted in January.
Washington Post Declares Election Over: Hillary Already Won
The Left is getting desperate - Crazy Condom Lady
Ohio is dumping Wells Fargo after John Kasich called the bank a 'disgrace'
Donald Trump's Speech On Radical Islam
In the First Presidential Debate of Campaign 2020, Mike Pence Gets to Set the Stage
Trump: Unshackle Churches From Johnson Amendment
Trumps Business record is dissected. Let's look at HRC record in U.S. Senate. Hillary Clinton got ONE bill she sponsored written into law. The renaming of a building. She NEVER EVEN ATTEMPTED to pass legislation helping women or children.
Hillary Clinton's Emailgate Is an Attack on Women
Democrats Attack Poll Watchers: Roger Stone
Donald Trump attracts ex-Democrat supporters in Ohio
Evan McMullin Isn't Just Running For President  He's Literally Building A New Party
Watch "Voter Fraud Proof - 18 Million Invalid Registration & 2 Million Are Dead - Donald Trump - Lou Dobbs" on YouTube
Shapiro: 8 thoughts on the third Trump vs. Clinton debate
Short video proving cnn is unwatchable unless you are an idiot
LASD Sgt. Steve Owen wounded, then executed... Maybe this is the result some would prefer, when cops encounter armed people?
Hillary Capitalizes On Hurricane Matthew, Buys Ads On Weather Channel
Meghan McCain blasts the 'Hollywood hysteria' over Trump
Michele Bachmann Stands Behind Trump, Audio Leaks "Coordinated to Manipulate the Media"
Former topless model arrested over Facebook terrorism links to Islamic State
Simulated 'Convention of States' is source of hope for government reform
What does it mean to be Republican anymore?
Obama Blames Far-Right Media for Pumping Out All Kinds of Crazy Toxic Stuff
Wikileaks: Clinton Ally Emails Suggest Justice Roberts Intimidated Over Obamacare
Before & After.
[Serious
New Clinton Probe Proves Early Voting Is Bad For America
Poll: Republicans Trust Trump Over Paul Ryan
New Emails: Hillary Needs Podium, Cannot Walk Around
Top Global Warming Center Faked Research to Bag Million$ from Taxpayers
Pro-Hillary students busted for campaigning with school resources
Ben Shapiro Destroys John Oliver On Abortion and Trump
The New Deplorables: Clinton Campaign Staffers Trash Catholics
Pence: 'Trump showed that he is a big man' with debate apology
Aide Said He Was Running 'Bill Clinton Inc.' in New WikiLeaks Dump
Hillary Asked if She would Accept Outcome of Election After Debate and Avoids Answering
Hillary Insisted America Fact Check Her, So We DidHeres 6 Huge Lies From The Debate
Kansas Bishop: Tim Kaine Is a 'Cafeteria Catholic,' Worshipping What Is 'Politically Convenient'
Trump calls for drug test before debate
It was a sad moment for her...
Limbaugh: 'Ironic That The Democrat Party Wants to Throw Down the Morality Card'
The Secret History of the Minimum Wage
Hostile nations are taking advantage of Obamas final days
Michael Moore: Trump Voters Are 'Legal Terrorists'
Caught on Video: Hillary Canvasser Takes Down Anti-Hillary Signs While Door Knocking
LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Lakeland, FL 10/12/16
Donald Trumps Tax Deduction Scandal -- Tax Breaks Are Perfectly Legal
Rigging the Election - Video IV: $20K Wire Transfer From Belize Returned
White House coordinated with Clinton about email scandal
Voter Fraud Is Real. Here is The Proof
James O'Keefe says he has a surprise for us tomorrow at noon
Trump: Hillary Wants World Government, Unlimited Immigration, Rule By Corporations
Decisions, decisions...
Secret Service Detail: Hillary Clinton Was Drunk Morning of Campaign Rally
Top Ben Carson adviser: He stands by Trump, recording 'is the kind of language that we hear in rap music'
Obamas Intersectional War on the Military
Billy Graham Issues STUNNING Statement on Donald Trump
AP, PBS, NPR, Most National Papers Still AWOL on Project Veritas Videos
Voter Suppression: Corporate Media Declare Victory for Hillary Clinton Weeks Before Election
Obama Ridicules Christians Who Say They Forgive Donald Trump
Trump fires back at Republicans telling him to drop out
Summing Up Hillary Rodham Clinton...
Trump: Clinton Should Return Money From Countries That Abuse Women
Whether It's John McCain, Mitt Romney or Donald Trump, Democrats Always Run War on Women Campaign
Leaked emails reveal Hillary Clintons life of deceit
"I wanna tell my kids that I did the right thing this election"
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: Every survivor of sexual assault deserves to be heard, believed, and supported.
WikiLeaks Releases 2,050 Emails From Clinton Campaign Chairman John Podesta
And the Crowd Goes Wild: Trump Waves LGBT Flag at Rally
Polls
Yes, There Is a Coup On in America
Poll: 40% of Fans Blame NFL's Ratings Drop on National Anthem Protests
Main Stream Media
Sex, Lies and Audiotape: Trump Follows a Long Line of Democratic Abusers
Reuters/Ipsos shows Trump up in Colorado and Nevada, tied in Wisconsin and Michigan
Bill Clinton slams ObamaCare as craziest thing in the world
Clinton Campaign Admits Hillary Used Same Tax Avoidance "Scheme" As Trump
Frank Luntz debate focus group results. [Trump +9
Trump: Clintons Are Now Wealthy; They Didn't Create Or Produce Anything But Sell Out The American Worker
Triggered: Journalist Snowflakes Scared Trump Supporters Are 'Turning on the Media'
Donald J. Trump on Twitter: "With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans!"
ABC Keeps 'Modernizing' the Family Leftward
Illinois Judge Orders Phyllis Schlafly Website to Take Down All Pro-Trump Articles
Some Things Never Change: Hillary Looted the State Dept. - Just Like She Looted The White House
Top Cardinal: Islam Wants to Conquer the World
Under Intense Pressure to Silence Wikileaks, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Proposed Drone Strike on Julian Assange
October Surprise: The FBI has a Warrant to Investigate Hillary's E-mails
[X-Post /r/wikileaks
Mindy Finn Rocks the House During a Campaign Event In Denver for Evan McMullin
MRC Study: Documenting TVs Twelve Weeks of Trump Bashing
Despite denials of business ties, Democrat Patrick Murphy's dad was pictured with Trump at groundbreaking
Rigging the Election  Video III: Creamer Confirms Hillary Clinton Was P...
Iraq parliament in surprise vote to ban alcohol
I Wake You Up for the Presidential Debate
NPR wrings their hands about fairness of next debate while ignoring Clinton's collusion with media
Clinton WikiLeaks revelations are getting to Hillary, Bill and daughter Chelsea
It Happened Again: "Bill Clinton is a Rapist!" Protester Crashes Bill's Iowa Rally (VIDEO)
Video Emerges Showing Obama Flaunting...
Hillary Clinton projected to win Arizona, according to FiveThirtyEight's Nate Silver
Feingold: Hillary Might Issue Executive Order on Guns
Conservative Activist James O'Keefe blocked from twitter. (x-post /r/the_donald)
Clinton campaign chairman John Podestas Twitter was hacked
Hillary Clinton: Demonic Warmonger
'Patriots Day' Shows Police Bravery in Boston Marathon Bombing
3 Questions For Anarcho-Capitalists, And Why The Idea Cant Work
Newt Gingrich & Laura Ingraham "Trump" Robert Reich & Jennifer Granholm at a no-holds-barred public debate on the US election
Clinton lead shrinks, even as nearly 6 in 10 expect her to win, Post-ABC tracking poll finds
What Is At Stake In The Election
When Ice Cream Sales Rise, So Do Homicides. Coincidence, or Will Your Next Cone Murder You?
Fascinating Look at Trump's "Project Alamo"
WATCH REPLAY: Roanoke police release identity of FreightCar America shooter
[shower thought
Republican Senate Hopes May Rest with Wisconsins Ron Johnson
Donald Trump prepares for Gettysburg address unveiling 'first 100 days' agenda
Shirley Teter Changes Her Story After Release of Project Veritas Action ...
Trump Needs To Win Tonights Debate, But That Would Only Be Step One
Gun Control: What It's Like to Own Guns in Australia.
Stupid (yet genuine) Questions
The liberal abuse of the English language
Pro-life voters for Gary Johnson
Some in G.O.P. Who Deserted Donald Trump Over Video Are Returning
Police chiefs BLASTED for sending officers into gang ridden 'no-go zones' in France
How did Yezidis become Muslim?
Getting quality education to underprivileged areas is a farce
Congressman explains how big government is responsible for Epi-Pen price gouging
LA Times Bureau Chief Defends Poll: We Got "President Obama's Reelection Margin Right" (VIDEO)
China, Philippines consider military cooperation
Hillary Clinton's H-1B Outsourcing Program Has 100,000 Foreign Workers in Midwest White-Collar Jobs
Podesta relative earned six-figure fees lobbying Clinton's State Dept. during his tenure there
Early voting suggests tight race in key states despite Clinton camp boast
Muslim Father Rapes Own Daughter For Becoming 'Too Westernized'
Is Islam a Religion of Peace? | Ayaan Hirsi Ali for PragerU
Iraqis Use 9/11 Bill to Demand Compensation from US for 2003 Invasion
NY TIMES 1996 - Americans of all political persuasions are coming to the sad realization that our First Lady - a woman of undoubted talents who was a role model for many in her generation - is a congenital liar.
Former Reagan Official: Evangelicals Calling for Trump to Withdraw Are Wrong -- The 3,000-plus people that a president would appoint to fulfill his or her goals are key to understanding the importance of an election. Those appointees have an "immense impact" on religious freedom
When Every GOP Presidential Nominee Is the Worst Republican Ever
The Final Days: Cruz, Ryan Stump For Trump
WIKILEAKS: Hillary Clinton Needed Someone to Sober Her Up at 4:30 in the Afternoon
HIDDEN CAM: NYC Democratic Election Commissioner admits voter fraud does indeed exist
Trump Sets GOP Record for Individual Donors
WIKILEAKS: Hillary Took Algeria Off Terror Watch List After Donation to Clinton Foundation
"Weld insisted he still supports Johnson, but... is now interested primarily in blocking Trump... and then potentially working with longtime Republican leaders... to create a new path for the party after the election."
Hillary Super Pac
Fox News Is No Longer a Top 20 Best-Perceived Brand Among Republicans
A brilliant and well spoken take down of HRC. Do not skip this one folks.
Trump says he'll sue sexual misconduct accusers
Feel The Bern
Clinton's #1 aide Huma Abedin: Undeniable ties to terrorists & 9/11 funders
Here's The 30 Seconds After The Last Debate That CNN Would Rather You Didn't See
'Absolutely' 'No Evidence!' Tur, Mitchell Deny Brazile Helped Clinton in WikiLeaks E-mail
Trump Will Torch the Supreme Court
Kentucky Baptist seminary president urges evangelicals to keep distance from Trump
Wheelchair-bound woman was 'gang-raped by group of migrants after asking to use the loo at asylum centre'
Colombia referendum: Voters reject Farc peace deal
FLASHBACK VIDEO: Trump Told Crowd in August Anthony Weiner Knew All About Hillary's Emails
Trump Convinced Evangelicals Can Win Him the Election
Jay Z, the man who gave us "Bitches and Sisters", to headline a concert for Hillary
Pre-Debate Thread - Second Presidential Debate - 9PM ET
The Paris Climate Deal Is About Acquiring Power
New poll: 34 percent 'less likely' to vote for Clinton after new email revelations
Progressives assault homeless black woman protecting Trump's Hollywood Star.
Leaked Email: Then-CNNer Donna Brazile Gave Clinton Camp Heads-Up on CNN Town Hall Question
Bernie Sanders on CNN: "Of Course" Leaked Hillary Clinton Audio Bothers Me
Kathleen Willey to Women: Would You Stay With A Rapist?
Ted Cruz Raises Stakes on 'Voter Fraud Operative': 'This Merits a Serious Criminal Investigation'
Failure to find a sexual partner is now a DISABILITY says World Health Organisation
Republican Defeatism About Trump Not Warranted By Current Polling
Here's the List of Mainstream Reporters Working Directly With the Clinton Campaign
Wikileaks Release: Hillary Clinton Press Sec Says Gun Control to Be Implemented by Executive Order
CNN Anchors Hyperventilate After Crowd Chants CNN Sucks At Trump Rally
Post Debate Discussion Thread
The rule of law cannot survive with a crook like Hillary Clinton in the White House
How liberals improve school results
Economist: How a Hillary Clinton victory could tank the economy
16 Times Democrats Tried To Prosecute Opponents
Going into the Family Bribery Business-Chelsea Clinton's speaking fee: $65,000
WOW! Only 50 People Show Up to See Hillary's VP Tim Kaine in Miami
If Dems take Senate, Bernie Sanders becomes CHAIRMAN of the Budget Committee. NO EXCUSE not to vote, and EVERY REASON to turn out.
If You Still Vote For Trump After He Implied Obama Was In On The Orlando Shooting: Fuck You.
Nice Hat
Donald Trump has evaded every single duty of an American citizen his entire life. How can anyone call him a patriot?
The Unsexy Truth About Millennials: Theyre Poor - If youre wondering why millennials dont have much sex, and dont buy cars, forget social theorizing: the harsh truth lies in their near-empty wallets.
Ivanka Trump Vacationing in Croatia With Businesswoman Who Happens to Be Vladimir Putin's Girlfriend
Biden: Sanders Fans Who Back Trump Clearly Didnt Support What Bernie Stands For
Meghan McCain on Twitter: "I would ask what kind of barbarian would attack the parents of a fallen soldier, but oh yeah it's the same person who attacks POW's."
Ryan's words earn votes.
Bernie responds to Clinton's smear campaign against him with a simple picture from 1993
Bernie Sanders on Twitter: "If you dont believe this election is important, if you think you can sit it out: you're wrong. Think about the future of the Supreme Court."
Says Donald Trump "started his career back in 1973 being sued by the Justice Department for racial discrimination because he would not rent apartments in one of his developments to African-Americans."  Hillary Clinton on Tuesday, September 27th, 2016 in the first presidential debate
President Obama is Officially America's Greatest Job Creator President
True: Bernie Sanders says Walmart heirs are wealthier than bottom 40 percent of Americans
Roe vs. Wade will be overturned if Donald Trump wins, Mike Pence says
Garry Kasparov (Chairman of the Human Rights Foundation, 13th World Chess Champion) on Twitter: "Would Trump & Pence like it if Obama showed "strength" like Putin by jailing them & having troops close any media that criticized Hillary?"
Dixie Chicks singer: GOP hypocrites over Trump - "I get banned for not liking Bush and now Trump can practically put a hit out on Hillary and he's still all over country radio! Hypocrites!"
The only thing that really matters about homelessness
Leaked Wiretaps Reveal Netanyahu Bribed Republicans To Sabotage Obamas Iran Peace Deal
Trump recorded having extremely lewd conversation about women in 2005
Elizabeth Warren Rips Into Republicans For Pledging To Block Supreme Court Process
As governor of California, Ronald Reagan signed the Mulford Act, which prohibited the carrying of firearms on your person, in your vehicle, and in any public place and signed a 15-day waiting period. "There's no reason why on the street today a citizen should be carrying loaded weapons," Reagan said
Obama Just Blasted NBC's Matt Lauer For Letting Trump Lie Through His Teeth | "I think the most important thing for the public and the press is to just listen what he says and follow up, and ask questions about what appear to be either contradictory or uninformed or outright bad ideas."
Yes, The Planned Parenthood Shooter Is A Christian Terrorist
George W. Bush's White House "lost" 22 million emails
Trump on Twitter: The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive.
Elizabeth Warren on Twitter: "Let's be clear: @realDonaldTrump just admitted that he peddled fake conspiracy theories to attack the integrity of @POTUS."
DNC beats RNC ratings for third night, Trump begs you to stop watching
New Time Magazine Cover
Sanders Supporter Seth MacFarlane tells Bernie fans to stop bashing Hillary over trivial crap  because theyre helping Trump
Amy Goodman rips CNN for airing Trumps empty stage instead of Sanders speech
Most Americans want Obama to nominate Scalia's replacement
Report: Trump Kept Asking During Foreign Policy Briefing Why He Cant Just Use Nukes
Trump used $258,000 from his charity to settle legal problems
Time to push the Trump 13-year-old Rape victim video interview onto every front page and TV news
True: Bernie Sanders' claim that U.S. spends 3 times per capita what the U.K. spends on health care
Trump denies saying not paying taxes 'makes me smart' an hour after he said it
John Kasich on Twitter"There's only one way to talk about Gold Star parents: with honor and respect. Capt. Khan is a hero. Together, we should pray for his family."
More Than 200,000 Viewers Sign Petition Demanding CNN and MSNBC Stop Promoting Trump
Remember that time the Bush administration lost 5 million emails  & Republicans shrugged?
Red state elects Democratic governor; 375,000 people get health insurance less than 3 months later
Obama: I think Bernie is capturing a sense among the American people that they want to know the government's on their side, that it's not bought and paid for, that our focus has to be on hard working, middle class Americans, not getting a raw deal."
Trump promised millions to charity. We found less than $10,000 over 7 years.
The GOP tried to sink Obama. Instead, the party imploded: If your political priorities are the total defeat of a single politician  not the advancement of your own policies  it fans the flames of extremism
BUSTED: Wisconsin Clerk Caught Limiting Campus Voting Because Students Vote For Democrats
Elizabeth Warren on Twitter: "You never tweet at 3am with ways to help students getting crushed by debt or seniors struggling on Social Security, @realDonaldTrump"
Obama Drops The Mic With Coolest Exit By A President Ever: President Obama ended his final White House Correspondents Dinner with what was the coolest exit by a president in history. The President said, "Obama out," dropped the mic and walked away from the podium.
Youre the weirdos: Colbert slams Republicans obsessed with private business in public bathrooms
Dear Conservatives: Scalia's Dead. No Matter What you Do, You Won't Get to Pick His Replacement
Obama warns: 'If you don't vote, that's a vote for Trump'
Soledad OBrien eviscerates CNN: You have normalized white supremacy with shoddy Trump reporting
New NBC poll: Clinton 50, Trump 42
President Obama has effectively bankrupted ISIS | "That strategy is working so efficiently that ISIS recently informed its henchmen that their salaries will be cut in half as the group tries to conserve what little money it has left."
Why Sanders supporters cannot back Gary Johnson: His libertarianism is antithetical to the senators Democratic socialism
McDonald's raises their employees wages and the CEO has nothing but good things to say about it. 'McDonalds profits are up, employee turnover is lower, and customer satisfaction scores are higher.'
Sanders beats Clinton in Wisconsin
As of this morning, Florida Democratic Party has submitted 469k voter registration forms; Republican Party of Florida has submitted 59k
Donald Trump Proved to Be No Ronald Reagan: All the nominee had to do at the first debate was appear polite and reasonable for 90 minutes. He failed.
Why Bernie Backed Hillary: Long-term, Bernie wants to capture the Democratic Party, not break it.
Mitt Romney Trashes Trump: "He doesn't pay taxes. He doesn't have much income. He's receiving income from unsavory sources...There's something in those taxes that's even worse than shooting someone on Fifth Avenue"
Hey Donald, your companies fail so often, you must have gone to business school at Trump University. -- Mark Cuban
Don't Forget: Ted Cruz is a F*cking Lunatic Too
Donald J. Trump on Twitter: "Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff's Star, or plain star!" Nate Silver on Twitter: "Pretty cool that Israel honored the American frontier spirit by putting a sheriff's badge on their flag!"
Now, 17-Yr-Olds In Ohio Wont Be Allowed To Vote In This Months Primary - In the past, 17-yr-olds who would be 18 in November could vote in the state's primary, but the Secretary of State reversed course.
For just the third time its history, liberal magazine The Nation has endorsed a presidential candidate: Bernie Sanders
"Hillary Clinton says she wants to, raise taxes on the middle class. "  Donald Trump on Thursday, August 4th, 2016 in a campaign video
This year, millennials surpassed baby boomers as the largest share of the U.S.'s voting-age population.
LeBron James, the most influential person in the major swing state of Ohio, endorses Hillary Clinton
"We're the highest taxed nation in the world."  Donald Trump on Sunday, May 8th, 2016 in an interview on 'Meet the Press'
Hillary Clinton demands FBI show its hand in fresh email probe - Democratic candidate says sudden announcement with no explanation is not good enough after FBI director notifies Congress of new investigation
Melania Trump's speech plagiarizes parts of Michelle Obama's
In California, "the windmills are killing hundreds and hundreds of eagles."  Donald Trump on Thursday, May 26th, 2016 in a speech on energy policy
Virginia Governor Restoring Voting Rights to Felons; The action will overturn a Civil War-era provision in the state's Constitution aimed, he said, at disenfranchising African-Americans.
Indiana Gov. Mike Pence signed a law this year that mandated funerals for fetuses
Hillary: "If I'm so fortunate as to be the nominee, the first person I call on where we go and how we get it done, will be Senator Sanders". Bernie: "On our worst days, I think it is fair to say...we are a hundred times better then any of the Republican candidates." BAD....ASS!
Less than 12 Hours Post-Debate: Clinton Uses Pence's Debate Words Against Him In Stunning New Ad
Last year, "244 suspected terrorists walked into gun shops and attempted to purchase a firearm; 223 were able to get the firearm."  Charles Schumer on Tuesday, June 14th, 2016 in a news conference
Elizabeth Warren Urges CDC to Look at Marijuana as Potential Fix to Prescription Painkiller Epidemic
Reagan's Daughter: My Dad Would Be 'So Appalled' By GOP Presidential Candidates
John McCain: Republicans will block anyone Clinton names to the Supreme Court
Queen asks Republicans to stop using 'We Are the Champions' at RNC
Donald Trump Accused of Using His Charity as a Political Slush Fund - When the presumptive GOP nominee doled out money to veterans groups over the past few months, he did so using the Trump Foundationwhich, according to FEC rules, is not allowed.
Bill Nye Pleads With Reporters: Ask the Candidates About Climate Change Directly
Obama To Republicans: I Didn't Create Trump, Your Bigotry Towards Me Did
Donald Trump's Plan for a Muslim Database Draws Comparison to Nazi Germany
Rick Wilson (GOP Strategist) on Twitter: "If you think this is anywhere near the most morally repugnant thing about Trump to come out before the election, you're going to be shocked."
Top Economist Says Bernie's Plan Will Save USA $5 Trillion
Your little brother is not the ultimate authority: How Jeb Bush cheated America & helped deliver the presidency to W - 15 yrs ago today, America voted for Al Gore. Unfortunately for Gore, he didn't have a governor for a brother
Math is hard: Trump claims he could have blocked 5-3 abortion ruling by filling Scalias seat
Police: Donald Trump Supporters Grope, Pepper Spray 15-Yr-Old Girl At Wisconsin Rally
Thank you for serving me when I didnt vote for you: A Republican writes the president after Obamacare saved his life
Minutes after Scalias death right-wingers sought to block nominee Obama hasnt even appointed yet
Maddow: "As A Gay Person In 1992, I Did Not Feel Like Bill Clinton Had My Back"
Obama To GOP: 'Don't Act Like This Started With Donald Trump'
Bill Maher calls for taxes on all religions: Why should I subsidize a homophobic magic act?
The Tea Party Is Slowly Dying, But It's Being Replaced By Fascism | "The Republican Party is lurching away from the Tea Party and toward a frightening marriage of religious fanaticism and fascism. Based on history, this cannot end well, at all."
America has never recovered from Ronald Reagan. That's why Bernie Sanders is so important.
Donald Trump pledges to sign anti-LGBT law to permit religious discrimination
"Inner-city crime is reaching record levels."  Donald Trump on Monday, August 29th, 2016 in a tweet
Debbie Wasserman Schultz gets quarantined  and now wont be speaking at Democratic convention
To Spite Ann Coulter, I got her book signed am now selling it on Ebay with the proceeds from the book going to Planned Parenthood.
DNC Vice Chair Quits to Endorse Bernie Sanders
North Carolina Republicans Tried to Disenfranchise a 100-Year-Old African-American Woman: With early voting underway in North Carolina, black and Democratic voters are being wrongly purged from the rolls.
TV Ratings: DNC Beats RNC by Nearly 5 Million Viewers in Night 2 Final Numbers
John Oliver: Trumps scandals are way worse than Hillarys  and voters should be f*cking outraged
Florida poll workers find Democratic ballots in closet after telling voter primary for GOP only
Liberals Get their Wish as Rachel Maddow will co-Moderate the just added New Hampshire Democratic Debate, Feb. 11 on PBS
Nate Silver @ 538 Now Cast has Hillary's odd of winning the election if today @ 91.5%. Cheers!!!
Guess How Many Welfare Recipients Tested Positive in Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder's Drug Test Program? - The "welfare junkie" seems to be largely a mythical creature.
After Refusing to Debate President Obama, Cowardly NRA Goes on Fox News to Whine About Him
1st Voter Fraud Arrest Of 2016 Is A Republican
Donald Trump Endorsed executing Muslim POWs with bullets dipped in pigs' blood. Six months is long enough to forget, so let's remind America.
Obama: Kaepernick exercising his constitutional right
Senators daughter who raised price of EpiPen got paid $19 million salary, perks in 2015
Unlike Donald Trump, Pres. Obama is actually helping Louisiana flood victims
Ohio Voters Just Fired Prosecutor Who Refuses To Charge Cops Who Murdered Tamir Rice
Sorry, Corporate Media: The More Americans Hear Bernie Sanders, the More they Like Him
Obama Has Broken the Second-Term Curse: "Obama, unlike all of his second-term predecessors in the last 40 years, has not been knocked off course by scandal"
"I'd vote for Hillary, But..." | A site for explaining and refuting common complaints about our next president
Fox News Contributor Who Claimed Hillary Clinton Was A 'Criminal' Pleads Guilty To Felony Fraud
Jimmy Carter: The U.S. Is an Oligarchy With Unlimited Political Bribery
Outgoing Kentucky governor restores voting rights for thousands of felons
Wil Wheaton on Twitter: "When a black man, who is a civil rights hero, is talking about civil rights, maybe shut the f**k up for five minutes about the TPP."
"Regardless of what you label Sanders - and I believe the most appropriate label for him is 'progressive' - it is hard to deny that he is revitalizing the progressive spirit at a critical point in American history"
Rude heckler at Hillary Clinton town hall identified as New Hampshire Republican legislator
Fox News is lying to itself: Its violent rhetoric really is putting lives at risk
Obama has a soft spot for homosexuals because of the years he spent as a male prostitute in his twenties: Meet the looniest politician in Texas (and thats saying something) - Bat-shit nuts candidates are everywhere in Texas -- & sometimes even win. This year, there's a special case salon.com
DONALD TRUMP EITHER LIED TO THE REPUBLICANS OR BROKE THE LAW: Newsweek obtained a deposition that shows Donald Trump committed perjury. Or lied.
"Risk analysts listed Donald Trump, a Donald Trump presidency, as one of the top threats facing the global economy, ahead of terrorism."  Hillary Clinton on Monday, June 27th, 2016 in a speech in Cincinnati
Secret Service says no guns at GOP convention. Sh*t storm to follow
The National Republican Senatorial Committee tweeted Tuesday that Illinois Senate Democratic candidate Tammy Duckworth, who lost both her legs while serving in the Iraq War, "has a sad record of not standing up for our veterans."
"Our African-American communities are absolutely in the worst shape they've ever been in before. Ever. Ever. Ever."  Donald Trump on Tuesday, September 20th, 2016 in a speech in Kenansville, N.C.
dallas morning news has recommended every republican presidential candidate since '64 but says it can't support trump
"Donalds not releasing his tax returns because the income will be far less than he claims it is, the assets will be worth far less than what he says it is, and his charitable contributions are virtually nonexistent."
Change.org Petition: President Obama should make Election Day 2016 a one-time federal holiday
Trump Has 75 Ongoing Legal Battles -- Which Media Are Ignoring During Their Breathless FBI Letter Coverage
Mike Pence Argued In An Op-Ed That Disneys Mulan Was Liberal Propaganda: Obviously, this is Walt Disneys attempt to add childhood expectation to the cultural debate over the role of women in the military, Pence wrote. Obviously.
The Benghazi victims were "left helpless to die as Hillary Clinton soundly slept in her bed."  Donald Trump on Wednesday, June 22nd, 2016 in a speech in New York
Alabama Republican wants to stop people on food stamps from owning cars  but expects them to get jobs
Small-government conservative wants to dictate what cuts of meat poor people can eat
Jimmy Carter says Citizens United ruling legalized bribery
Obama: I am a single-issue voter on guns: "I will not campaign for, vote for or support any candidate, even in my own party, who does not support common-sense gun reform. And if the 90% of Americans who do support common-sense gun reforms join me, we will elect the leadership we deserve."
The stories from women saying he groped or forced himself on them "largely have been debunked."  Donald Trump on Wednesday, October 19th, 2016 in the third 2016 presidential debate
Obama approval hits new high
School lunch worker forced to throw away students hot meal decides to quit - As a Christian, I have an issue with this.
Trump used $12,000 in charity money to buy himself a souvenir helmet autographed by Tim Tebow
Evidence Shows "Free" College Pays a 613% Return on Investment
Paul Krugman: Fascists like Trump only possible because Republican leadership is inbred & out of touch - Trump is "saying bluntly the things establishment candidates try to convey in coded, deniable hints" (xpost-/r/libs)
If You Have A Serious Illness, Paul Ryan Is Coming To Take Away Your Healthcare: He dropped some hints about what the Republican alternative to Obamacare will look like, and it isn't pretty. One of Ryan's main goals is to take cost protections away from people who have serious illnesses.
Bernie Sanders taps his donor network to raise nearly $2 million in two days for House, Senate contenders
Artist threatened with lawsuits if she sells nude Donald Trump painting: Illma Gores painting, on display at Maddox Gallery in London now with a 1m pricetag, depicts the Republican presidential candidate with a small penis
Justice Scalia Dead Following 30-Year Battle With Social Progress
MoveOn endorses Bernie Sanders
Democrats taxing rich & lowering unemployment in Minnesota has led to $1.9 bil budget surplus
Fox Host Blames Obama And Hillary Clinton For "Baiting" Trump Into Making Controversial Comments
Colin Powell calls Trump 'national disgrace' in email leak
Two-thirds of Americans Say Trump Is biased against women, minorities, & Muslims; 64 percent call Trump unqualified to serve as president
Ryan Responds To Trump: We're At War With Radical Islam, Not All Muslims
Hidden Cameras Show Trump Workers in Dubai Toil & Live in Filthy, Awful Conditions - VICE spoke with laborers who are being barely paid & living in ways not "fit for human beings."
Bernie Sanders Blocks Obamas FDA Nominee Over Big Pharma Ties
Bernie Sanders Commits To Repealing Law That Restricts Abortion Access For Poor Women - Both Democratic presidential frontrunners have now vocally come out in favor of repealing the Hyde Amendment.
Bernie Sanders Proves the Pundits Wrong. Not only is Bernie defying the odds, but hes doing it by showing that an authentic candidate with an authentic message can generate an authentic peoples movement.
I just watched CNN anchors defend their failure to fact check Trump because it would "take all day." They won't do their job because it's too hard.
President Obama's approval rating up to 52%, CNN/ORC poll finds
Lawmaker wants the rich to be drug tested before receiving high-dollar tax deductions
Dealing a blow to gun supporters, a federal appeals court ruled Thursday that Americans do not have a constitutional right to carry concealed weapons in public.
GOP Senators Finally Starting To Realize Their Party Nominated A Total Racist
Bernie Sanders Voted Americas Most Popular Senator For The Second Year In A Row
No, Obamacare Isnt Ruining Insurance Companies - Dont believe it when insurers paint themselves as victims
Bernie Sanders has the correct diagnosis: U.S. prescription drug prices typically highest in world
Trump flip-flops so much that Stephen Colbart hosted a Trump-vs.-Trump debate
Hostages were released as soon as Ronald Reagan took office because Iran perceived that America was "no longer under the command of someone weak." --  Marco Rubio on Sunday, January 17th, 2016 in an interview on "Meet the Press"
The incredible shrinking middle class: 1/2 the country is either living in poverty or damn near close to it - New reports indicate 2/3 of Americans can no longer afford to fix their cars. Our Congress should be ashamed
McDonald's Gives Its Shareholders $30 Billion as Its Workers Protest for $15 an Hour - In cities across the US, thousands of fast-food & service industry workers walked off the job on Tuesday to demand that McDonald's & their other employers start paying a living wage of $15 an hr. (xpost-/r/greed)
GOP congressman on Clinton: 'A lady needs to be told when she's being nasty'
Giuliani's daughter says she's voting for Clinton
Reports confirm Donald Trump's dad was arrested at Klan rally, and that those arrested were "berobed"
Just a thought
The House science committee hates science & should be disbanded - It's become a national embarrassment & does more harm than good.
Ohio Republicans Pushing Bill To Charge Residents For Extending Voting Hours - "What types of places would be allowed to stay open? Only wealthy areas, where people tend to vote Republican."
The Bottom 90% of Americans' Incomes Grow Much Faster Under Democrats
Fox News Cuts Away From Hillary Clinton's Speech About ISIL to Complain That She's 'Too Calm'
Harry Reid OpEd to GOP: For the good of the country, stop your nakedly partisan obstruction: "Having gridlocked the Senate for years, Republicans now want to gridlock the Supreme Court with a campaign of partisan sabotage aimed at denying the presidents constitutional duty to pick nominees."
Clinton and Sanders agree to 4 more debates
Bernie Sanders Introduces Bill Ending The Federal Ban On Marijuana: The measure would remove marijuana from the DEA's list of "most dangerous" drugs.
Michelle Obama Obliterated Donald Trump Without Once Saying His Name
Ken Burns shreds Trump: You need a president who doesnt just lie 200 or 300 times a day
FBI Recommends No Criminal Charges Against Hillary Clinton
Planned Parenthood Sues Ohio After AG Claims to Have Found 'Fetal Remains' in Landfill
New Ohio poll puts Hillary Clinton ahead of Donald Trump by 9 points
This is not how men talk. It's how sexual predators talk
"Hillary Clinton and her campaign of 2008 started the birther controversy."  Donald Trump on Friday, September 16th, 2016 in a speech
Trump would wreck, not restore, Americas standing in the world
"We now do have evidence" that Donald Trump is being used as a recruiting tool for terrorists.  Hillary Clinton on Thursday, May 19th, 2016 in an interview on CNN
Maricopa County, Arizona Cuts Number Of Polling Places From 200 To 60, Chaos Ensues
Texas woman who believes the Civil War was not caused by slavery, Barack Obama is a former gay Arab prostitute, and gays are abominations could change Americas textbooks
Elizabeth Warren Blasts a Republican Plan to Protect White-Collar Criminals - Its like you cant make this stuff up, right? The idea that the Republicans are trying to gut one of the main laws to prevent bank fraudthats their response to the 2008 financial crisis. (xpost-/r/greed)
Bernie Is Absolutely Right: Climate Change Makes Terrorism Worse
Donald Trump was paid $5 million by the Saudi government
Why Donald Trump Should Not Be President: He dwells in bigotry, bluster and false promises.
Trump's kids are cashing in on his campaign: Donald Trump has so far paid $7.7 million in campaign contributions to his own companies and children, according to a filing with the Federal Elections Commission, and as the campaign transitions to the general election those payments are increasing
Louisiana Governor Signs Executive Order Protecting LGBT Rights, Stands Alone In Deep South
Republican Combat Vet: Trump Is Openly Advocating War Crimes
Face it, Oregon building takeover is terrorism
Bernie Sanders Unveils Forceful Climate Change Plan, and he's Going After Big Oil: He even wants to bar fossil fuel lobbyists from working in the White House
Donald Trump cheats on local and state taxes, turning Trump facilities into drains on communities
Democrats donate to help reopen firebombed Republican office in NC (currently at $9,191 of $10k goal)
More questionable footage of Trump and comments on women: In an Entertainment Tonight Christmas feature in 1992, Trump looked at a group of 10-year-old girls and said he would be dating one of them in ten years. At the time, Trump would have been 46 years old.
Paul Ryan Busted By Fact Checkers For Lying About Obama Obstruction Precedent
Rubio And Cruz Took Anti-Environmental Stances On 100% Of Key Votes In 2015 - The 2015 National Environmental Scorecard called the Republican-led Congress the most anti-environmental Congress in our nations history.
Bernie Sanders to join Minneapolis forum on black issues; Hillary Clinton not attending
Donald Trump Takes 3 Different Positions On The Minimum Wage In Less Than 30 Seconds
This image from the RNC tonight pretty much sums the evening up
Says Donald Trump has "bankrupted his companies not once, not twice but four times."  Hillary Clinton on Tuesday, June 21st, 2016 in a speech on the economy
African-American Family Is Furious Donald Trump Fraudulently Uses Their Photo to Claim They Support Him: When I saw it, I immediately knew it was political propaganda
Ted Cruz's Dad: My Son Ran for President After God Sent His Wife a Sign - And other tales from Rafael Cruz's world of extreme Christian fundamentalism.
The GOP are literally killing middle America - Working class white voters are dying at alarming rates, following a generation of shredding the safety net
True: Ten times more 'dark money' has been spent for 2016 elections than 2012, U.S. Sen. Tammy Baldwin says
Elizabeth Warren Just Blasted The FBI Director For Going After Hillary Instead Of Wall Street Crooks
2008 Video Trump Lauding Praises on the Clintons: "Great Senator, Great Wife, Great President"
Michael McFaul (former Ambassador to Russia) on Twitter: "BTW, Trumps line that Obama founded ISIS echoes exactly a myth propagated by Russian state-controlled media and bloggers."
Senator Who Has Received More NRA Support Than Anyone Blames Obama For Orlando Shooting
Obama attacks Trump's worldview in front of graduates: Ignorance is not a virtue. Its not cool to not know what youre talking about. Thats not keeping it real, or telling it like it is.
Michael McFaul (Former Ambassador to Russia) on Twitter: "Trump complains about others not paying their taxes & then he pays nothing. He criticizes "weak" veterans when he has never served. #Enough!"
Real Americans Dont Want to Defend Toilets. The GOP Doesnt Care About Real Americans. - Pretty much everyone is sick of phony culture wars and needless intolerance. Except for Republican elected officials.
Paul Ryan isn't a moderate alternative to Donald Trump. He's not a moderate at all.
New Hampshire Students Say They Were Illegally Turned Away From The Polls
Voters give Democrats control of Pennsylvania Supreme Court: "Democrats have won all three open seats on Pennsylvania's Supreme Court. The victory secures them a majority on the high court for at least a decade"
Trickle-Down Economics Has Ruined the Kansas Economy - And it threatens to launch a civil war within the state's Republican Party.
Bernie Sanders tuition-free college plan could work, UMass study says
Obama Slams Republicans: "Not American" To Only Accept Christian Syrian Refugees
Study: Bots accounted for a third of all pro-Trump Twitter activity during the debate
These ladies hilariously objecting to their mothers Trump sign.
Latinos for Trump founder: Hispanics are a primitive and underdeveloped culture
Sadistic pervert Roger Ailes is advising Donald Trump. Why isnt that a scandal?
Obama Has Now Commuted More Sentences Than The Past 9 Presidents Combined
GOP Homophobes Suddenly Find a Use for Gays - After years of supporting some of the most discriminatory & hateful legislation aimed at the LGBT community, some top Republicans finally found a way to exploit the community as it grieved the Orlando shootings.
Sanders: We must rethink 'failed' war on drugs
In victory for Bernie Sanders, Ohio judge says 17-year-olds can vote in primary
Obama administration has decided to place lions in Africa under the protection of the Endangered Species Act, an action that will set a higher bar for hunters who want to bring lion trophies into the United States.
Louisiana Just Voted to Give a Quarter of a Million People Health Care
Donald Trump's companies destroyed or hid documents in defiance of court orders
Trump, companies accused of mistreating women in at least 20 lawsuits
Trump caught saying 50% of Americans are lazy do-nothings
Justice Department says it will end use of private prisons
Sanders Texts Delegates Personally to Ask Them Not to Protest at Convention
For the First Time in American Political History, Two Transgender Women Win Major-Party Primaries [Both Are Democrats
Apple Dumps Trump By Refusing To Provide Money Or Technology To GOP Convention
Hillary Clinton Reached Out to Super Delegates Over a Year Ago; Bernie Sanders Is Just Contacting Them Now - That's Why 541 Are Pledged to Her, While He Has Only 43
Nevada Poll: Sanders 45%, Clinton 45%
Can we stop pretending that Republicans care about the deficit now?
Donald Trump says Obama administration is pushing refugees toward states with GOP governors
Poll: 63 percent say FBI review makes no difference in vote for Clinton
Most Ohio Voters Purged From The Rolls Live In Black, Democratic Neighborhoods - Far more Democrats than Republicans are being purged in the state's most populous counties.
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are teaming up to sue the state of Arizona
Jimmy Carter says he no longer needs cancer treatment
George H.W. Bush to vote for Hillary
"Republicans held 50+ failed votes trying to TAKE Healthcare away from the Sick. Now calling #NoBillNoBreak a Political Stunt."
Hypocrite Alert: Trump Has Long Mocked Obama for Using a Teleprompter; Now Trump Is Also Using a Teleprompter
Weve got to have the guts to rethink the so-called War on Drugs: Bernie renews call to legalize pot at debate
Obama can appoint Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court if the Senate does nothing
What happened in Arizona wasnt an accident: When states make voting impossible, its for a very clear reason - Arizona residents were forced to wait hours on line in order to vote in this week's primary. Some were turned away.
Cleveland seeking to buy riot gear for Republican National Convention
Yes, I Support Bernie Sanders. No, Im Not Naive or Unrealistic
Cruz Says Hes Never Met An Abortion Opponent Who Advocates Violence, Despite Endorsement From One
Massive Respect for NYT: Dean Baquet said at Harvard that hed risk jail time to publish Donald Trump's taxes. And, two weeks later, he did.
"ISIS is making millions of dollars a week selling Libyan oil."  Donald Trump on Wednesday, April 27th, 2016 in a foreign policy speech
Mayor of Phoenix Asks DOJ to Investigate Long Voting Lines - He said the situation was "unacceptable anywhere in the United States."
Americas shameful state of decay: Sanders is campaigning on rebuilding the countrys infrastructure  will it work? - Sanders is promising an FDR-style public works program to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. Here's how
Robert Reich: Ive Known Hillary Since She Was 19. Bernie Sanders is the Most Qualified Candidate
Trump Foundation ordered to stop fundraising by N.Y. attorney generals office
Gary Johnson, Libertarian candidate for president, Wants to Ignore Climate Change Because the Sun Will Destroy the Earth One Day
Trump Said He Would Bring Jobs Back To The Country. He Just Quietly Hired 78 Foreign Workers.
Obama calls for adding public option to ACA.
Texas's Republican Governor & Florida's Republican Attorney General Received $60,000 in Political Donations from Donald Trump After They Dropped Official Investigations Into Trump University
Donald Trump has collapsed in general election polls
Watch: Trump supporter yells Go to f*cking Auschwitz at protesters "while raising his arm in what looks like the Nazi salute"
Chuck Todd drops a bombshell: At least one GOP senator plans to endorse Hillary if Trump wins
"We (Trump University) have an A from the Better Business Bureau."  Donald Trump on Sunday, February 28th, 2016 in comments on "Meet the Press"
Let's get real: Democrats confirmed Reagan's Supreme Court nominee during the Iran-Contra Scandal!
Gay Republicans Care More About Democrats Losing Than LGBT Equality
Robert Gates: Republicans' grasp of national security is at a child's level
I vehemently oppose gun control... except when I don't!
It has come to this
Killer Mike Introduces Bernie Sanders in Atlanta: "After spending five hours with someone who has spent the last 50 years radically fighting for your rights and mine...I am very proud tonight to announce the next President of the United States, Sen. Bernie Sanders"
Simon Maloy (Political writer for Salon) on Twitter: "this is a hell of a photo"
Meg Whitman, Calling Donald Trump a 'Demagogue,' Will Support Hillary Clinton for President
CBS Reporter To Trump: Why Do You Bash Clinton On Iraq War Vote But Not Pence?
President Obama Creates 1st National Monument to Gay Rights - The Stonewall National Monument tells the story of LGBTQ struggles in the US
Why Obama Will Go Down as One of the Greatest Presidents of All Time | " But the truth is coming, and it sounds like this: Barack Obama will be inducted into the league of Great Presidents."
Fracking Can Contaminate Drinking Water: It took nearly a decade, but former EPA scientist Dominic DiGiulio has proved that fracking has polluted groundwater in Wyoming
Iran Reveals Republicans Tried To Delay Release Of US Prisoners Until After Election 2016
The Bundys want federal land 'returned' to them. But it was never 'theirs' in the first place.
Vox: A Trump Collapse could Give Democrats Back the House
Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe Once Again Tries to Restore Voting Rights for Felons
Moody's: Clinton economy would create 10 million jobs
6 more women accuse Fox head Roger Ailes of sexual harassment  including one who was 16 at the time
Actual Billionaire Mark Cuban Questions Whether Trump Is Actually A Billionaire: "Trumps lack of transparency with his finances makes his net worth difficult to determine"
Trump Conveniently Wrote Checks to Veterans Groups the Same Day He Came Under Media Scrutiny
Just What Were Donald Trump's Ties to the Mob? "No other candidate for the White House this year has anything close to Trumps record of repeated social and business dealings with mobsters, swindlers, and other crooks."
Elizabeth Warren tears into Ted Cruz: Ive got two words for you, Ted: Boo hoo
Donald Trump's Idiot Guide to Foreign Policy: The GOP Frontrunner Has No Idea How the World Actually Works - It's becoming increasingly clear that Trump isn't just inexperienced  he's actually living in a fantasy world.
This could be your next President!
Americas New Know-Nothings: The Republican Partys top presidential candidates proved that they know nothing about foreign policy.
Trump Held Fundraiser For Pam Bondi At Mar-a-Lago After She Dropped Investigation
Trump campaign chief is registered to vote in Florida at unoccupied home
Hit the ground!: Trump supporter pulls gun on Black Lives Matter rally in Portland
Trump didn't pay taxes to IRS, claimed negative income, unearthed old IRS filings show
Hey Kansas, Bullying Trans People Won't Fix Your State's Fucked-Up Budget
Land of the free? New reports shows the US ranks dead last in electoral integrity | "As if further proof could possibly be needed of the sorry state of the American electoral process, a new study just ranked the United States dead last in electoral integrity among established Western democracies."
Flint Polling Places Ran Out Of Ballots, Turned Voters Away - Voters had to either wait over an hour or come back later to fill out their ballots.
Bernie Sanders chokes up as tearful woman describes struggles of living on less than $12,000 a year
Obama: Violent felons can buy guns online without background checks
There is no war on prayer: Stop hand-wringing over prayer shaming and confront the hypocrisy of empty gestures - Conservatives offering only platitudes like "thoughts and prayers" after San Bernardino need to be called out
John Bel Edwards beats David Vitter to become Louisiana's next governor
Gallup: Life got better for pretty much everyone under Obama
Anarchists Put Naked Statues of Donald Trump in Cities Across the US
House Democrats Hold Sit-In on Gun Control | "House Democrats led by Civil Rights veteran Rep. John Lewis, D-Georgia, are in the midst of a sit-in on the chamber floor to try and force a vote on gun control."
Stop. Rachel Maddow is Not "Basically Fox News," and Dozens of Good Democrats Aren't Corrupt Shills
Bernie Sanders rips into Donald Trump: Everybody knows this man cannot stop lying
Why Donald Trump's Tax Returns May Prove He's Not That Rich: "Trump appears to have overstated his income, by a lot, which could be the reason he has so far tried to avoid releasing his returns."
White Privilege - The blundering Bundys who have occupied the Oregon nature refuge send out for toilet paper and french vanilla creamer, Meanwhile 12 year Tamir Rice is shot and killed on sight for playing with a toy gun in an open carry state, police thought he was an adult??..OPEN CARRY??
How Republicans view American freedom
Poll: Majority of New Jersey voters say Christie should quit White House race
Ben Carson admits fabricating West Point scholarship
Donald Trump thinks SNL is rigging the election and should be canceled
Who would have thought we would see these statements a month out from Election Day?
The polls are not rigged. Donald Trump is just losing.
Donald Trumps Support Among Republican Women Starts to Slide: Many women are abandoning decades of party loyalty, calling Mr. Trump emotionally unfit for the presidency and a menace to national security.
Paul Krugman on Twitter: "Trump to call for end to estate tax, which only kicks in at $10.9 million. Populism! http://bloom.bg/2b25fhq via @bpolitics"
With its new logo, the Trump/Pence campaign gets off to an appropriately pornographic start.
NRA Members Want To Know Why Their Organization Isnt Defending Philando Castile
Sorry, Donald Trump, the Trump University judge was just following the law
When there is no middle class, there cannot be real democracy - Franklin knew it. So did John Quincy Adams. Working for the common good is essential to a functioning republic.
Bernie Sanders accuses Republican governors of voter suppression
Hillary Clinton wrongly says Bernie Sanders wants to delay the Clean Power Plan
Canadian Island Launches Move Here if Trump Wins Campaign to Americans
Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia dead at 79.
Ted Cruz is not eligible to run for president: A Harvard Law professor close-reads the Constitution - The closer you study the Constitution, the weaker Ted Cruz's case squares with the actual meaning of "natural-born"
At Least 110 Republican Leaders Wont Vote for Donald Trump. Heres When They Reached Their Breaking Point.
By 4 To 1 Margin, Business Economists Say Clinton Would Manage Economy Better Than Trump
Obama: Every time Trump talks, 'he makes the case against' himself
Trump barred from speaking to NYPD officers; Bratton says Dallas tragedy not a photo op
Trumps Delusions of Competence: "the idea that Donald Trump, of all people, knows how to run the U.S. economy is ludicrous."
After Months of Bragging About Self-Funding His Campaign, Trump Begs for Money from Big GOP Donors He Was Trashing as Recently as a Month Ago
Politifact: 2016 GOP Presidential Frontrunners Lie With Impunity
The man accused of killing three people at a Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado asked at least one person in a nearby shopping center for directions to the facility before opening fire offering the clearest suggestion yet that he was targeting the reproductive health organization
Ben Carson did not apply and was not admitted to the U.S. Military Academy, despite writing in his book "Gifted Hands" that he had gotten a full scholarship offer from the school, his presidential campaign told ABC News.
A New Wave Of 40 Republican And Independent Leaders Just Endorsed Hillary Clinton
Donald Trump Is Playing the Religious Right for Rubes: Hes a thrice-married, epically greedy, congenitally dishonest serial adulterer who exalts the rich while heaping scorn upon the vulnerable. Yup, hes their man!
Longtime Republican consultant: if black people voted Republican, voter ID laws wouldn't happen
Bitch! Beaner! Ni***r!: Trump Rallies Uncensored
Congress spent more time investigating Benghazi than it did 9/11
The brutal numbers behind a very bad month for Donald Trump: "Trump has consistently polled worse than George W. Bush in 2004, John McCain in 2008 and Mitt Romney in 2012"
Mitch McConnells Laziest Senate In History Will Work 6 Days In July And August
Trump Flip-Flops, Now Says He Won't Self-Finance His Campaign, Begins Looking for Suckers to Fund His Campaign
Lame Duck Gov. Bobby Jindal Is Using His Last Days To Screw Over 31,000 Unemployed Louisianians
New Kentucky Gov Lowers Minimum Wage By $3, Revokes Voting Rights For 140,000
Republican faces recall after saying the real culprit in Colorado mass shooting is Planned Parenthood
Trump Caught LYING On Medical Records To Avoid 'Obese' Classification
Lets not get it wrong this time: The terrorists won after 9/11 because we chose to invade Iraq, shred our Constitution - We destroyed ourselves with our dumb 9/11 overreactions. It's essential not to make the same mistake again
Report: Trump discussed continuing Apprentice from White House
Part of Melania Trumps Speech Was Lifted Almost Verbatim From Michelle Obamas 2008 DNC Remarks
In Front of an Overwhelmingly White Audience, Donald Trump Compares Himself to Martin Luther King, Mocks the Japanese, and Pretends He's a Veteran When Talking to Vets About Memorial Day: Its Our Day"
This is not a court of law: Why GOP obstruction over Scalia seat might open everyones eyes to a politicized Supreme Court - Any remaining faith that justices are anything but robed politicians is out the window.
The Kochs Worst Nightmares Come True As Bernie Sanders Smashes Fundraising Records
Bryan Cranston says history will judge President Obama's time in the White House "very favorably."
Clinton ally promises $5 million donation to veterans -- if Donald Trump releases his tax returns
Bernie Sanders Endorses Hillary Clinton
Donald Trump's "Star of David" Hillary Clinton Meme Was Created by White Supremacists
Trump Completely Contradicts Himself On Taxes For The Wealthy In Two Interviews Hours Apart
State chemist was high daily, 1000s of drug prosecutions jeopardized - "She was smoking crack 10 to 12 times a day", high on the job nearly every day for 8 yrs on drugs like crack, meth, LSD, & ketamine as she testified in court in drug cases. ACLU demands "wrongful convictions" be undone.
Donald Trump loses his mind, demands long-deceased Joe Paterno be given his job back
White Supremacist SuperPAC floods "every Wisconsin landline" with robocalls supporting Donald Trump
The GOP is the straight, white, Christian party: This is why Donald Trump is winning  and why I left a party of intolerance and hate - Republicans reject cultural diversity of any kind. It explains Trump, and why I can't be a gay GOP activist anymore
DNC Chair: Superdelegates Exist to Protect Party Leaders from Grassroots Competition
Michael Moore explodes the rights biggest lie - Republicans have hid shamefully behind the patriotism & the flag. Michael Moore upends the whole scheme
30 per cent of Republicans polled supported bombing Agrabah, the fictional city in Aladdin
Meet a 92-Year-Old Woman Whose Life Was Ruined by Donald Trump
Nine more Native American tribes request early voting on their reservations: Some of them have to drive 200 miles round-trip to vote.
The real vote rigging: Republicans make it harder for millions to vote in 2016 election
daveweigel (WaPo) on Twitter: "I've been seeing dudes selling/wearing "TRUMP THAT BITCH" shirts at Trump rallies since April. Go ahead and pretend the problem is one man."
Suburban Women Find Little to Like in Donald Trumps Debate Performance: Undecided women in Philadelphias suburbs, a crucial voting bloc, said Mr. Trump had not only failed to win them over but in many cases had repelled them.
"I released the most extensive financial review of anybody in the history of politics.  You don't learn much in a tax return."  Donald Trump on Tuesday, September 6th, 2016 in an interview with ABC News
Donald Trumps $100,000 donation to Louisiana flood victims went to a local anti-gay hate group: Trumps six figure donation actually went to a group called the Greenwell Springs Baptist Church, which is a local front for interim pastor Tony Perkins, the head of the Family Research Council
CNN Poll of Polls: Clinton tops Trump by 10
Democrats Have a Plan to Register 50 Million New Voters - If more people vote, Trump-Pence loses.
Donald Trump Tried to Cheat Veterans out of $1 Million
"There are places in America that are among the most dangerous in the world. You go to places like Oakland. Or Ferguson. The crime numbers are worse. Seriously."  Donald Trump on Wednesday, May 18th, 2016 in an interview with the New York Times Magazine
Elizabeth Warren Kicks Off Grassroots Effort To Take On Wall Street - "No cheating, & no pushing the risks on taxpayers."
Trump Structured His Campaign So He Can Pay Himself $36 Million From Other People's Donations
ACLU Sues Ohio Over Purging Minority and Low Income Votes
Atlanta: "About 30 black students who were standing silently at the top of the bleachers at Donald Trumps rally here Monday night were escorted out by Secret Service agents who said the presidential candidate had requested their removal before he began speaking"
Bernie Sanders has released his Medicare-for-All plan - A typical family of four with wages of $50,000 and an employer health-plan with $4,955 in annual premiums and a $1,318 deductible would pay only $466 through the new 2.2 percent tax, and save $5,807, or 12 percent of income, on net.
Obama says Republicans 'afraid of three year old orphans'
Bernie Sanders' $1 trillion infrastructure bill would be cheaper than Iraq War
Hillary Clinton: 1/2 of Trump Supporters Belong in 'Basket of Deplorables' - Says many of the GOP candidate's voters Are "racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamaphobic, you name it."
Breitbart Editor Milo Yiannopoulos Takes $100,000 for Charity, Gives $0 - The alt-right icon promised to give scholarships to white men, but almost a year later he still hasnt filed with the IRS or handed out a penny.
It might be time for Republicans to start worrying about their House majority
Dan Merica (Political Producer for @CNNPolitics) on Twitter: "HRC's top policy adviser: Trump "encouraged a foreign power to conduct espionage against his political opponent.""
Kasich Says He Just Cant Bring Himself To Vote For Trump Despite Pledge
President Barack Obama endorses Hillary Clinton for president
Is it Going to Take a Goddamned Lynching at a Trump Rally to Wake People Up?
The Armed Oregon Ranchers Who Want Free Land Are Already Getting A 93 Percent Discount
Bernie Sanders Slams GOP On Voting Rights: 'They're Political Cowards!'
Trump picks top skeptic to lead EPA transition: Donald Trump has selected one of the best-known climate skeptics to lead his U.S. EPA transition team
CNN commentator Lewandowski remained on Trump payroll in August
Watch Ivanka Trump Straight Up LIE
How Democrats could win the House: With lots of help  and almost no mistakes
Elizabeth Warren On Twitter: "I didnt think the GOP could write 1 bill to hurt women, vets, Obamacare, PP, AND clean water all at once  but they did it. #Zika Is this some sort of sick joke, @SenateGOP? Is the #Zika virus  and our countrys response to this emergency  just a game to you?!"
Trump SCOTUS pick William Pryor would have let states jail LGBT people for having sex in their homes
Hillary PAC Spends $1 Million to Correct Commenters on Reddit and Facebook
Mostly False - Dinesh D'Souza: "As a U.S. senator with salary and perks, #Bernie is in the top 1 percent, but still paid only 13 percent in taxes last year."
Formerly Homeless Veteran Nearly Disenfranchised By Wisconsins Voter ID Law - It all began with a clerical error on his birth certificate.
Donald Trump supported by former KKK leader David Duke: 'I hope he does everything we hope he will do'
Top Hillary Clinton Advisors and Fundraisers Lobbied Against Obamacare
Barack Obama says U.S. has 'strongest, most durable economy in the world' during State of the Union
Donald Trump Finally Wins a Newspaper Endorsement  From the KKK
Trump achieves new personal best in debate: A lie every 2.65 minutes
New evidence suggests Melania Trump broke immigration laws after coming to the US
Bradd Jaffy on Twitter: "Hi, @realDonaldTrump graphics team. Can you please explain your choice of a Star of David over money and 'corrupt'?"
New anti-Trump movement grows to include hundreds of GOP delegates
New Evidence Donald Trump Didnt Pay Taxes - If the presumptive GOP nominee keeps hiding his returns, Congress could force him to show his hand with a one-line amendment to the tax code.
"Elon Musks SpaceX had to sue before it got access to the Pentagon  but now, as it promises to deliver cargo into space at less than half the cost of the militarys favored contractor, it has pulled back the curtain on tens of billions in potentially unnecessary military spending."
To people posting "Bernie Sanders gave a speech to Bank of America. When will he release the transcripts?", Here you go, Happy to oblige.
"Are Democrats who support fracking wrong?" Bernie Sanders: "Yes."
Family Farmers Support Bernie Sanders for President Over Hillary in Record Numbers
Sanders is "tapping into the exact same emotional current that Obama did"  the desire for a fundamental remaking of American politics
Warning From Kentucky: Managerial Democrats Can Lose to Extreme Republicans - A Republican referred to as Kentuckys Trump just beat a mainstream Democrat in a race the Democrats should have won.
Bernie Sanders Begs His Followers to Defeat Trump: He Wont Stand Up for Working People - The ex-Democratic presidential candidate pleaded with his followers to support Hillary Clinton in an effort to defeat Trump, whos made bigotry the cornerstone of his campaign.
"Im white, I was very moved": New campaign manager defends Trumps tone-deaf black outreach
Hillary Clinton Campaign Says She Would Reschedule Marijuana
Judge Strikes Down Voting Restrictions In Wisconsin, Calls Them A Wretched Failure
Obama Administration Warns States That Defunding Planned Parenthood Is Probably Illegal - Every state that cuts off Planned Parenthood's Medicaid funding is likely in violation of federal law.
Big Energy CEO rewarded with $3 million bonus after historic California gas leak devastates community
Trump Reveals the End of the Religious Right's Preeminence - Conservative Christian leaders have proven unable to steer the race, exposing the splintered state of their movement.
A Houston grand jury investigating undercover footage of Planned Parenthood found no wrongdoing Monday by the abortion provider but instead indicted anti-abortion activists involved in making the videos that provoked outrage among Republican leaders nationwide.
Donald Trump Is Really Unpopular With General Election Voters
This is the entire GOP plan: Credibility destroyed after Bush debacle, their only strategy is to scare us - The party of security tanked the economy and unleashed Middle East disaster. Now they have nothing but fear itself
Republicans abandon Fox News: Roger Ailes has turned GOP voters from their favorite channel - For the first time, Fox News is no longer a top-20 most trusted brand with conservatives
Mike Pence is An Extreme Social Conservative Wing-nut (Dick Cheney on Steroids)
"I never said" that Muslims would be subject to profiling under his policies.  Donald Trump on Monday, September 19th, 2016 in
375 Top Scientists Warn Us Not To Vote For Trump
The GOP's Stealth War Against Voters
Secret Ledger in Ukraine Lists Cash for Donald Trump's Campaign Chief
Donald Trump Promises to Ban Porn If Elected President
Bernies big lesson: Socialists should occupy the Democratic Party, not abandon it
"Almost every country on Earth sees America as stronger and more respected today than they did eight years ago when I took office"  Barack Obama on Wednesday, July 27th, 2016 in a speech at the Democratic national convention
Gretchen Carlson files sexual harassment lawsuit against Fox News CEO Roger Ailes
Reminder: Gay marriage opponents tried to disqualify a judge because he's gay
Jake Tapper asked Donald Trump if his judge attack was racist  then followed up 23 times
Cruz snaps at young protester, "You'd get a spanking at my house!"
On MSNBC's All In, George Takei Warns: "The Fearmongering From The Republicans, Is Chilling" Takei: "I Grew Up Behind The Barbed Wire Fences Of American Concentration Camps"
Hillary Clinton Gets $13 Million From Health Industry, Now Says Single-Payer Will "Never, Ever Come To Pass"
Louisiana Embraces Obamacare - The states new Democratic governor signed an executive order to expand Medicaid. Now, the work begins. (xpost-/r/CornbreadLiberals)
Sarah Palins feel-bad politics: The dark allure of right-wing nihilism, self-pity & curdled nostalgia for a once-great America - The American right's rococo, self-devouring period reached its apex with Sarah Palin's deranged rant
Republicans still can't explain why their economic ideas keep failing
The Trump campaign admits it has only one card left in its deck: voter suppression.
Salma Hayek: I Denied Trump A Date, So He Planted A National Enquirer Story About My Height
NYTimes Exclusive: Two Women Say Donald Trump Touched Them Inappropriately
Ryan abandons Trump
Poll: Nearly two-thirds of debate watchers said Hillary Clinton won
RNC forced to close online convention chat after anti-Semites turn it into a Jew-bashing hatefest
Ethan O on Twitter: "So AG Lynch can't meet with Bill Clinton but Thomas and RIP Scalia can go on vacation with a plaintiff in a case before the court?"
How Trump Smeared Native Americans Back in 1993 - The story of how Trump told Congress 23 yrs ago that Indians were involved in organized crime. But he loved Indians. They were the best.
DEVASTATING anti-Trump ad by Democratic Senate candidate. This is just the start.
A man who led a presidential blowjob inquisition has been accused of sexual abuse by four people
20,000 support petition to allow guns at Republican National Convention
Rubio Ad Says 'It's Morning Again In America' But Shows Vancouver Skyline (VIDEO)
Bernie Sanders is the only presidential candidate to oppose fracking
Marco Rubios bomb control nonsense: Getting the logic of gun control precisely backwards - Marco Rubio wants to know why liberals are soft on bombs, inadvertently making a case for stricter gun control
For Republicans Abandoning Donald Trump, Obama Has a Message: Too Late
Paul Ryan Attacked Bernie Sanders. It Backfired Spectacularly.
Trump accuses Clinton of helping disgusting beauty queen, falsely cites sex tape
Donald Trump Makes Georgia Democrats Great Again
Congresswoman Marcia Fudge named DNC Chair
Obama Is Bringing Overtime Pay To Millions Of Workers
Editor of right-wing Washington Examiner "de-registers" his Republican affiliation because of Trump
Lesbian Made to Leave Bathroom After Police Refuse to Believe She's a Woman
They Dont Just Hide Their Money. Economist Says Most of Billionaire Wealth is Unearned.
Donald Trump could get the nuclear codes: How anti-intellectualism is killing American democracy
Students & Veterans Turned Away From The Polls Under Wisconsins New Voter ID Law - Local officials fear the law will hurt even more voters in November.
Bernie Sanders supporting and proclaiming gay pride day as Mayor of Burlington, VT. June 22, 1985
The truth about Flint: This nightmare happened because of deeply undemocratic steps taken after the GOP gerrymandered a blue state
Obama Subtly Zings Science Deniers: 60 Years Ago We Didnt Deny Sputnik Was Up There
House Democrats Say BP Shouldnt Get $15.3 billion Tax Write-Off "business expense" from Gulf Oil Spill Settlement
Chris Christie Vetoes Legislation Making It Easier To Vote In New Jersey
Conservative Texas court to decide if homeschoolers can wait for the Rapture instead of teaching their kids - The all-Republican Texas Supreme Court will decide whether homeschooling families must teach educational basics to their children or be allowed to wait for the second coming. (xpost)
Donald Trumps no concession stand: He and his hate-filled followers will not accept a Clinton victory & thats when things get truly chilling - Trump & his supporters will not go quietly  already armed loyalists have camped outside a Democratic office
Federal judge extends voter registration deadline, rebukes state (Florida) for 'irrational' decision
Wasserman Schultz agrees to debate her primary opponent
Conservatives Say The DNC Was 'Disaster' For The GOP
Melanias Speech Was a Goof. The Rest of Monday Was a Horror Show. -- The GOPs message: Fear brown people.
Donald Trump buys himself an attorney general for $25,000
The easiest way to guess if someone supports Trump? Ask if Obama is a Muslim. "The media loves to say Trump's support is fueled by economic anxiety. But race, religion, and immigration are far more closely tied to his support."
Trump-loving tow truck driver says God told him to leave disabled Bernie Sanders supporter stranded
Obama: You cant just keep yelling - Cautioned that Black Lives Matters leaders too dismissive of elected officials. Once youve highlighted an issue, you cant keep yelling at them. You cant refuse to meet because that might compromise the purity of your position.
Obama Just Threatened To Take Billions From North Carolina Over Anti-Gay Law | " If the Justice Department determines that the law violates federal civil rights statutes, the state could be looking at the loss of billions of dollars in highway, school, and housing funding."
Says Senate Republicans are "following a longstanding tradition of not filling vacancies on the Supreme Court in the middle of a presidential election year."  Mitch McConnell on Sunday, March 20th, 2016 in "Fox News Sunday"
Donald Trump is not fit to be president of the United States
Bob Dole: Obama Is A "Good Man," Cruz Is "So Extreme" And Trump is "Over The Top"
'The Daily Show' Effectively Debunks 'Good Guy with a Gun' Theory
Bobby Jindal ends 2016 presidential campaign
Private sector jobs soar under 'Obamacare' | "The oddity of the criticism is how easy it is to recognize how wrong it is. We know, for example, that in 2014  the first full year of ACA implementation  the job market in the United States had its best year since the late 1990s."
Carrie Fisher Says Trump is Absolutely a Coke Head After Sniffling Again at Second Debate
Ex-Trump policy chief jumps ship: I regret working for him and under no circumstances will I support him
Col. Morris Davis (Guantanamo Chief Prosecutor 2005-07) On Twitter: "As bottom falls out of @realDonaldTrump campaign he is enjoying a slight bump up among white males in the 11-13 age bracket."
Donald Trumps New Childcare Plan Would Only Help The Rich
More Prefer Democrats to Control Congress: NBC News/WSJ Poll
Donald Trump Has Made Almost $200 Million by Running for President ... But He Expects Donors to Pay for His Campaign
That Time Donald Trump Threatened to Sue The Onion Over Defamatory Story
Skinheads Come Out in Full Force for Donald Trump in Pennsylvania - Trump has attracted the attention & support of one of the better-organized white supremacist franchises in the country.
Republicans lied in Wisconsin: Heres how you know the states voter ID law is a complete sham - Wisconsin GOPers insisted the law wasn't intended to suppress the vote. A new report suggests that wasn't true.
Poll: Nearly 8 in 10 think GOP is 'playing politics' on Supreme Court
"In 37 states, a country other than Mexico is now the most common country of origin for newly arrived immigrants."
Father of Koch Brothers Helped Build Nazi Oil Refinery, Book Says
 Paul Ryan Accidentally Made a Great Case for Raising the Minimum Wage - In his first major speech as speaker of the House, Ryan inadvertently made one of the strongest arguments for lifting the wage floor.
RNC in legal trouble over Trump call for poll-watchers
Donald Trump, the Worst of America
Clintons Ohio rally sets attendance record: 18,500 People Flocked To See The Democratic Nominee, with An additional 13,000 outside and around area #OSU
Pew survey: Republicans are rejecting reality on climate change - Only 48% of Americans  and 15% of conservative Republicans  realize that humans are causing global warming
BUSTED: Ivanka Also Bribed Florida Attorney General To Cover Up Trump U Scandal
Christie calls Trump criticism of the Khans 'inappropriate'
Sanders agrees with Ginsburg: 'I do not believe anything that comes out of Trump's mouth'
The disturbing data on Republicans & racism: Trump backers are the most bigoted within the GOP - Racists are more likely to be Republicans  and the most extreme among them are Donald Trump supporters
USA TODAY exclusive: Hundreds allege Donald Trump doesnt pay his bills
Biden on Trump's Cinco de Mayo tweet: 'I wish he were a smarter guy than this'
Rolling Stones to Trump: Don't start us up again
Millennials Are Flocking To Democrats Because They Hate Donald Trump
A Trojan horse of hate: North Carolinas new bill is a hostile takeover of human rights - "It goes beyond bathrooms. A hidden clause in HB2 prevents workers from suing under a state anti-discrimination law"
"Poll after poll after poll shows me beating Hillary."  Ted Cruz on Thursday, April 7th, 2016 in an interview on CNN
Teens Sue Government for Failing to Address Climate Change for Future Generations
Under God Is Really Just Another Christian Prayer - "Its like atheists keep saying: The Pledge of Allegiance is nothing but a Christian prayer in disguise."
Mitch McConnell Voted To Confirm A Supreme Court Justice In Reagan's Final Year. So did every single Republican senator.
Antonin Scalia was the forefather of modern Republican nihilism: Antonin Scalia wasn't just a giant of conservative jurisprudence. He was an architect of right-wing legal extremism.
Bernie Sanders 'political revolution' threatens to overtake Hillary Clinton
For Sanders, who started this race as more stalking horse than viable candidate, fighting Hillary Clinton in a razor-thin contest in Iowa was more than enough
President Obama: Democrats Will Win in November
The Democratic Debate Was Substantive, Respectful, & the Harbinger of a Long Primary - Bernie Sanders proved he'll be a tough competitor in Iowa & New Hampshire. Hillary Clinton showed she's up to the challenge.
Black Lives Matter Protester Tackled, Beaten by Crowd at Trump Rally in Alabama
House Republicans apparently committing felonies in pursuit of Hillary Clinton
This Sh*ts Not Funny Anymore: GOP Strategist Calls Trump Extinction-Level Threat
Trump: 'Second Amendment people' could deal with Clinton
The Iraq lies still matter: Bushs deceit & the seething distrust Americans have in their leaders - If you want to know why so many people believe that their leaders are liars, look no further than George W. Bush
The Trump Campaign Paid $730,000 to a Mystery Company That Appears to Be a Shell for Yet Another Mystery Company
Former Trump University Workers Call the School a Lie and a Scheme in Testimony: Former managers of Trump University say it relied on high-pressure sales tactics, employed unqualified instructors and made deceptive claims.
Physicist Stephen Hawking bewildered by Trump - Hawking called Trump "a demagogue who seems to appeal to the lowest common denominator
Heritage Foundation President Says Voter ID Helps Conservatives Win Elections
Bernie Sanders is profoundly changing how millennials think about politics, poll shows
PBS News Story on First-Time Trump Voters Prominently Displays Longtime White Power Tattoos
Iowa Dem rips Republicans for bill that would let children carry guns: We do not need a militia of toddlers
Ted Cruz Surrogate Tells MSNBC Separation of Church and State is a Myth
The false resurrection of George W. Bush: Dont be fooled by calls to reassess his loathsome legacy - Our 43rd president looks reasonable compared to what came afterwards. But you shouldn't be fooled by appearances.
Dr. Oz and Donald Trump  two anti-science salesmen promote each other
How Hillary Clintons alt-right speech isolated and destroyed Donald Trump: By definitively linking him to the alt-right, she shredded any remaining legitimacy he had with sane Republicans.
Garry Kasparov (Chairman of the Human Rights Foundation, 13th World Chess Champion) on Twitter: "Trump is bringing someone who openly works with Putin's propaganda channel Russia Today to get his first classified intel briefing. Amazing."
Texas Largest Jail Accused Of Jailing Poor People Because They Dont Have Money (xpost- /r/CornbreadLiberals)
GOP pollster: "I registered Republican when I was 18 because I thought free markets and liberty were important. Not sure what "Republican" means today."
A Compendium of People Who Hate Ted Cruz's Guts - "One thing Ted Cruz is really good at: uniting people who otherwise disagree about everything else in a total hatred of Ted Cruz"
Romney mocks Trump's foreign-born wives: 'there are jobs Americans won't do...'
It's time to start taking Bernie Sanders seriously
The Story Sheldon Adelson Didnt Want You To Read - The story was killed by the papers management team who now answers to Adelson. 2 wks ago, the conservative billionaire bought the Las Vegas Review-Journal, Nevadas largest paper.
Rush Limbaugh cooperating with the Feds to protect his property from climate change beach erosion.
Jon Stewart: Donald Trump Is An Internet Troll Running For President
Obama: How Can GOPers Stand Up to Putin If They Cant Handle CNBC Moderators?
Obama Warns Democrats Not to Get Too Comfortable With Lead Over Trump - President tells party to keep 'running scared until the day after the election'
Bryan Cranston: Black Voters Are Being Silenced at the Polls | "We must restore voting rights nowour nation's future is at stake."
Romney says Trump will change America with 'trickle-down racism'
Judge directs internal Trump University documents to be released
Sam Brownback declares war on Kansas: This is how extremists gut a state  & democracy - The ultraconservatives take control, with an assist to ALEC & no concern for the people
A racist stereotype is shattered: Study finds white youth are more likely to abuse hard drugs than black youth
Why Bernie Sanders Needs to Talk About Voting Rights - As the first primary approaches, the Vermont senator has a chance to own an issue that is essential to his "revolution."
Bernies Army Is Running for Congress
Donald Trump talks at a fourth-grade level. Maybe thats why the Fox News audience loves him
Marco Rubio enrolled under Obamacare  and benefits from taxpayer-funded subsidy
Trump Proves That Liberals Have Been Right All Along: The left nailed the pathology of the conservative movement years ago. The Donald is just making that impossible to deny.
My Visit to the Trump Dump.... Sorry, Trump Tower
Hillary Clintons 3 Presidential Debate Performances Left The Trump Campaign In Ruins
The Price Ive Paid for Opposing Donald Trump: Trumps alt-right trolls have subjected me and my family to an unending torrent of abuse that I wouldnt wish on anyone.
Trump: "If I don't win on Nov. 8, I will consider this the single greatest waste of time, energy, and money of anything I've ever done."
Trump Ally Alex Jones: "I Was Told By People Around" Clinton That "She's Demon-Possessed"
Donald J. Trump on Twitter: "My lawyers want to sue the failing @nytimes so badly for irresponsible intent. I said no (for now), but they are watching. Really disgusting" -- Rick Wilson (GOP Strategist) on Twitter: "You're so full of shit it's amazing you're not surrounded by flies 24/7."
Sanders Urges Those Considering Third-Party Candidates To Vote For Clinton
Michele Bachmann: I'm advising Trump on foreign policy
Republicans nominate dangerously insane person to lead America, then panic when he proves hes dangerously insane
Conservatives Stunned By How Much They Liked Obama's DNC Speech
Mike Pence, Cigarette Truther - "Despite the hysteria from the political class & the media, smoking doesn't kill."
Donald Trump's Campaign Has Spent Over $6 Million at Trump Companies
The One Congress Member Donald Trump Endorsed Just Lost Her Primary - Ellmers is the first GOP incumbent to lose her seat in 2016.
Donald Trump doubles down: American judge cant judge me because hes a Mexican"
John McCain's speechwriter jumps ship: "the GOP is going to nominate for President a guy who reads the National Enquirer and thinks it's on the level. I'm with her."
Trump Tells a Bewildered Matthews He Cant Rule Out Using Nukes in Europe
Biden says Obama offered financial help amid son's illness
Report: Sanders campaign told DNC of data issue months ago
Rubio Pledges To Appoint Supreme Court Justices Who Will Overturn Marriage Equality
Petition calling for Jeff Sessions to be removed from Senate Judiciary Committee tops 40,000 signatures
BREAKING: Trump Tax Records Obtained by The NYT Reveal He Could Have Avoided Paying Taxes for Nearly Two Decades
Donald Trumps strange speaking style, as explained by linguists  "His speech suggests a man with scattered thoughts, a short span of attention, and a lack of intellectual discipline and analytical skills."
Did Salmonella at Trumps Restaurant Kill Her Dad? - Donald Trump is railing against the FDA food police, but his restaurants have a long history of poor health inspections and salmonella-sickened patrons.
The American People Agree With Clinton: Trump Is A Bigot. This New Poll Confirms It.
Trumps history of corruption is mind-boggling. So why is Clinton supposedly the corrupt one?
Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein wont appear on Nevada ballot
Kurt Eichenwald (Contributing editor, Vanity Fair; senior writer, Newsweek) on Twitter: "Trump's dad died of a form of alzheimer's that hits after 65. Trump is 70. And he and Mexico prez have different accounts of their meeting."
Trump wanted to deny U.S. care to Americans critically ill with Ebola: Two years ago, Donald Trump argued that American missionaries infected with Ebola "must suffer the consequences."
Comrade Manafort resigns from Trump campaign
Meet Donny Hypocrisy: Trump Tells Republicans Climate Change Is a Hoax, but in His Legal Filings, He Says Climate Change Is a Deadly Threat That Must Be Stopped
Brothers Who Said Trump Inspired Them To Beat A Homeless Immigrant Plead Guilty -- The brothers claimed to have been inspired by Donald Trumps views when they beat the Mexican immigrant in Boston.
Panama Papers: Offshore Accounts Of World Leaders Revealed In Massive Leak
Robert Reich: Were talking about the largest redistribution of wealth to the rich in American history - Trump and Cruz may call themselves outsiders, but their tax plans are firmly in line with the GOP establishment
11 Terrible Right-Wing Laws & Ideas Pushed by Far-Right Republicans Near You - It can happen to your town too.
Christian right in decline: Religious conservatives have become so belligerent & greedy, people are turning against them - Extremist views and overreach are creating a backlash that undermines the religious right's power
Donald Trump Is Successfully Conning The Entire Country: The GOP front-runner is gaslighting us -- a technique that involves lying, then feigning outrage when caught.
GoFundMe Established to Pay Legal Fees for "Anyone Who Pisses in Donald Trump's Face" (Humor)
Elizabeth Warren slams Mitt Romney for not coming out sooner against Trumps extremism
Missouri Democrats Filibuster For 39 Hours To Stop Anti-Gay 'Religious Freedom' Bill -- But Republicans passed it anyway.
State Sen. changes endorsement from Clinton to Sanders
GOP College Chairman Slams Tea Party, Resigns, And Joins The Democrats - Here's To Our Youth!
Dem women poised for record gains in Trump backlash
Donald Trump Is Sniffling at the DebateAgain
Clinton was right: Trump HAS lifted up bigotry
Tom Nichols (Professor @NavalWarCollege) on Twitter: "Trump's whimpering in Mexico just made Jeb look like a savage nativist by comparison. True bully: big talk except around an actual Mexican."
The Alt-Right Is More Than Warmed-Over White Supremacy. It's That, But Way Way Weirder.
Troll So Hard: Harry Reid Demands That Trump Take The Naturalization Test
Chinese are cheering for Trump because he will "mess up the US" and let China pull ahead
Elizabeth Warren Rips Into Paul Ryan's Anti-Poverty Plan - "It looks more like an agenda for creating poverty."
Disability Rights Watchdog Banned From Jail That Strapped Naked, Suicidal Inmate To Chair For 18 Hrs. - The detainee was forced to defecate on himself. Texas advocacy group tapped by feds to track states jail conditions has been unable to access the facility that did this.
Trump to the Media: Stop Scrutinizing Me! - At a press conference, the presumptive Republican nominee's battle with the media reaches new heights.
On Facebook, Trump's longtime butler calls for Obama to be killed
Germany "is crime-riddled right now" because of migration to Europe.  Donald Trump on Wednesday, May 4th, 2016 in an interview with NBC News
Just a group photo of 5 guys who are #NeverTrump! (x-post /r/hillaryclinton)
Nate Cohn on Twitter: "If Super Delegates voted with their states, Clinton would have 374, Sanders 143, 197 in remaining states."
Ku Klux Klan Imperial Wizard Endorses Donald Trump For President
Scumbag Rick Scott Actually Released an Attack Ad Against the Woman Who Shouted at Him at Starbucks
Obamas Last Tango | "While Republicans ... talked loco last week ... Obamas military leaders announced that they had killed two top ISIS leaders. The president can go to a ballgame and still keep his eye on the ball."
Barney Frank throws down with GOP strategist: [Your
The FCC IS Finalizing Its Plan to Subsidize Broadband for the Poor - The plan is meant to close the digital divide and address the homework gap.
Wisconsin Supreme Court Justice Appointed By Scott Walker Once Mocked 'Queers' Who Get AIDS
Tennessees Drug Testing of Welfare Applicants Falls Flat - Many of the states that have implemented these laws have had similar results to Tennessee, with few welfare benefit applicants testing positive (xpost-/r/CornbreadLiberals) search
In 50-49 vote, US Senate says climate change not caused by humans
Even without an endorsement she still has an impact: Elizabeth Warrens powerful influence on the Democratic race - The pressure is mounting for Warren to pick a side
BUSTED: Gov. Snyder Caught Lying about When He Learned of Flints Toxic Water
5 Hidden Ways Obama Has Transformed America For The Better | "Judge President Obamas results by how desperate Republicans are to reverse them."
Someone asked on /r/conservatives what the definition of right wing extremism was. I copy & pasted the Wikipedia definition and got banned.
Texas Strips Planned Parenthood Of HIV-Prevention Money - The move is the latest in an onslaught of efforts to defund the organization in Texas. (xpost-/r/CornbreadLiberals)
Michael Moore tells Donald Trump: America is no longer a country of 'angry white guys'
Missouri Bill Would Make Gun Purchasers Jump Through The Same Hoops As Women Seeking Abortions
Even lots of Donald Trump's supporters are starting to think he'll lose the election
Donald Trump Tax Returns Page 2
Trump's modeling agency allegedly profited by hiring illegal immigrants
Steve Bannon's Bad Day: Allegations of Voter Fraud and Domestic Violence -- Donald Trumps new campaign CEO, who is registered to vote at an empty house in Florida, may be as scandal-plagued as his predecessors
Colorado now has more registered Democrats than Republicans
Texas's Republican Attorney General, Currently Under Indictment for Securities Fraud, Tries to Silence Former Investigator Who Revealed He Was Ordered to Drop Trump University Probe Shortly Before the Attorney General Received a $35,000 Donation from Donald Trump
Trump Hotel Bookings Plummet 60% as Global Boycott Escalates
Trump Maryland delegate indicted on child porn, gun, explosives charges. No one is surprised.
By any measure, Donald Trump is unfit to be president
NBC's Meet The Press Will No Longer Allow Trump To Phone In
Allies Say Obamas Court Pick Is Near, and Will Be Hard for Republicans to Ignore
Obama Watching the Trump rally in Chicago..
Is this real life? Has it come to this? A surreal new low.
Mitt Romney: Trump is a phony, a fraud who is playing the American public for suckers
Jeb Bush ends White House bid
Sanders overtakes Clinton in Colorado: poll
Secret Document Exposes USPS Privatization Planning [ More Class War. Killing the USPS and Middle Class Jobs. 
Majority of Americans want the next president to push for stricter gun laws: poll
New Wisconsin poll shows, in the race for U.S. Senate, Democrat Russ Feingold is supported by 49 percent of registered voters while Republican incumbent Ron Johnson receives 38 percent support
ICYMI and True 4 years ago: Bernie Sanders says 6 banks have assets equaling 60% of U.S. GDP
Sanders votes against increased defense spending: "Virtually every defense contractor has been found guilty or has reached a settlement with the government because of fraudulent and illegal activities. This has got to change."
Says Donald Trump "was asked if he would defend our allies. He said well, first he'd want to know if they made any payments to us to defend them."  Hillary Clinton on Tuesday, October 25th, 2016 in a rally in Florida
No, Hillary Clinton did not lose $6 billion at the State Department
Says a tweet he sent out "wasnt saying, check out a sex tape. It was just take a look at" the background of Alicia Machado.  Donald Trump on Sunday, October 9th, 2016 in the second presidential debate
Trump's website pulled down Mike Pence's entire campaign schedule as Pence tries to hide
Trump will walk back guidance protecting transgender students, Pence confirms
Weve Got To Face It: Trump Is Riding A Global Trend -- If Hillary Clinton Wants To Win, She Needs To Confront The Rise Of Fear-Driven Politics.
Trump stands by Fox's Roger Ailes: He really helped those women who are complaining - In transcripts released ahead of his Sunday appearance on NBCs Meet the Press, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump stood by former Fox News CEO Roger Ailes.
Dan Savage on Jill Stein: Just No.
Trump has a problem with female voters. Pence could make it even worse.
Trumps income tax returns once became public. They showed he didnt pay a cent.
Paul Ryan is completely, utterly useless: The Zika virus, economic catastrophe & other stuff the House GOP is totally ignoring - The Speaker of the House is burnishing his credentials for 2020 but doing what John Boehner did best: Nothing
Most Clinton Voters Like Bernie Sanders. Most Sanders Voters Dont Like Hillary Clinton.
Kentuckys Republican Governor Dramatically Cut Education Funding. Now Hes Getting Sued.
Wealth doesn't trickle down  it just floods offshore, research reveals
Trump Says He Will Delegate Supreme Court Appointments To The Heritage Foundation
North Carolina's GOP Just Fast-Tracked the Broadest Anti-LGBT Bill in the Country - The new law strikes down all existing LGBT anti-discrimination laws in the state.
Bernie Sanders shuts down boos from crowd about Hillary Clinton: "We can have differences."
The longest Supreme Court confirmation process from nomination to resolution was Brandeis, at 125 days. Obama has 342 days left in office.
Bernie Sanders is right: Hillary Clinton praising Henry Kissinger is outrageous
Alan Simpson Slams 'Hypocrite' Companies For Making Billions While Opposing $15 Min. Wage
The DNC needs to restore Bernie Sanders access to voter data  fast
One man is replacing guns with sex toys in photos of GOP politicians
Dr. Ben Carson's lead in the Republican presidential race is weakening as worldwide attention zeroes in on national security in the wake of terrorist attacks in Paris and the former neurosurgeon's limited foreign policy credentials are scrutinized.
Hillary Says Its OK That She Takes Wall Street Money Because of Women and 9/11
Fox News Anchors Hilariously Struggle to Process Drop in Unemployment
CNN Investigates Ben Carsons Stories of Childhood Violence, Finds No Evidence
The danger on November 9th from Trump claiming the election was 'stolen.' Which is why he needs to be humiliated on November 8th
The right says Hillary Clinton is responsible for her husband. Why isnt Melania Trump?
Yes, There Is a Clinton Double Standard: Anyone writing sentences like nevertheless fuels the perception that the Clintons may have might want to stop and think about whether they are reporting news or innuendo.
Trump may start dragging GOP senate candidates down with him
Donald Trump Gave Republicans the Choice of Racism or Defeat. They Chose Racism.
Trump Called Reporter 'Retarded' For Criticizing His Business Decisions
The Extraordinarily Common Violence Against LGBT People in America: An attack in Orlando Sunday marks the worst mass shooting in U.S. history. It is not an isolated crime.
Sarah Palin Incites Hatred By Lying About President Obamas Hiroshima Speech
Hey Bernie, eat s**t & die: Unhinged Trump supporter Ted Nugent tears into Sanders at NRA convention - The NRA board member also encourages gun owners to "shoot .. & kill" recently released inmates
Did Donald Trump Just Hand the Senate to Elizabeth Warren? -- Progressives might be unhappy she didnt run for president. But shes been playing a long game no one is talking about.
Arizona poll worker testifies incorrect ballots given
Arizona and North Carolina Election Day Debacles Make Case for Restoring the Voting Rights Act
Trump Takes His Fourth Position On Abortion In Three Days. Hell Need To Change This One Immediately
Death of a Mannequin: Marco Rubio's Last Day - Rubio wanted voters to give him the most important job in the world because he didn't feel like doing his current one
Republican Party Must Answer for What It Did to Kansas and Louisiana
Trump Refuses To Condemn KKK And White Supremacists That Support His Campaign
Have you been waiting for this? I can't stop trumping.
Sanders campaign to regain access to Democratic voter information on Saturday
Donald Trump is a bigot and a racist: "It might be possible to explain away any one of Trumps outrages as a mistake or a misunderstanding. But at some point youre not merely saying things that could be construed as bigoted: You are a bigot."
Tony Schwartz (CEO, The Energy Project) on Twitter: "Never underestimate the depth & desperation of Trump's humiliation at losing to Clinton. Revenge will be his obsession for rest of his days."
CNN's President Says It Was A Mistake To Air So Many Trump Rallies And "Let Them Run"
Donald Trump On PTSD: Vets Are Either "Strong" Or "Can't Handle It"
Trump blames bombings on freedom of the press -- Its called freedom of the press, where you buy magazines and they tell you how to make these same bombs that I saw.
Michael McFaul (Former Ambassador to Russia) on Twitter: "If Trump can't bring up his favorite idea --the wall -- in Mexico, how will he be able to defend American interests when meeting Putin?"
Colorado Republican who posted racist photo comparing Obama to a chimp resigns under pressure
The Highest Ranking Republican Will Not Support Donald Trump
Sanders Shouldnt Drop Out For Clintons Sake: Theres little evidence a prolonged primary hurts a nominee.
Donald Trump Tax Plan Scam Exposed As A $3.2 Trillion Tax Cut For Millionaires: Donald Trump plans to make America great by cutting taxes for millionaires by $3.2 trillion while cutting programs and services for ordinary Americans.
Trump threatens to weaken First Amendment protections for reporters
Chuck Schumer opens can of whoop-ass on Ted Cruz for threatening to block Obama court appointment
Why is marijuana banned? The real reason is worse than you think - Across the world, more & more people are asking: Why is marijuana banned? Why are people still sent to prison for using or selling it?
Condoleezza Rice Aides, Colin Powell Also Got Classified Info on Personal Emails
Elizabeth Warren: One Way to Rebuild Our Institutions - strongly punishing corporate criminals
Muslim woman ejected from Trump rally
Politifact Pants on Fire: Donald Trump's first TV ad shows migrants 'at the southern border,' but they're actually in Morocco
Obamas skin looks a little different in these GOP campaign ads
Donald Trump is getting all the press, but the Bernie Sanders movement is more important for the future
Paul Krugman: We may be doomed, and if we are, the Republican Party will be responsible - "If there are any future historians," there's only one event happening in December 2015 that they'll remember
18 CEOs Called Out by Bernie Sanders for Taking Trillions In Bailouts, Evading Taxes, and Outsourcing Jobs: Senator Sanders, in his no-nonsense approach, released a report identifying 18 CEOs responsible for wrecking the economy
Hillary Clintons 3 debate performances left the Trump campaign in ruins
Joe Biden: Donald Trump 'out there doing something very dangerous'
Donald Trump the arsonist: The GOP nominee is inching America toward the apocalypse - Trump is touting an apocalyptic worldview that mirrors Evangelical dogma
'Trump Was Calling for Us to Be Murdered': Central Park Five Member Speaks Out in New Pro-Clinton Ad
Donald Trump Defended Putin, Had No ISIS Plan, and Was Stunningly Ignorant on Iran: How can anyone possibly vote for him?
Obamacare Has Increased Insurance Coverage Everywhere
How the Alt-Right Is Attempting to Hide Its White Supremacist Ties
Rick Wilson (GOP Strategist) on Twitter: "Pro tip for Pence: if you're unwilling to call David Duke "deplorable" may I suggest "racist shitbird" as an alternative?"
rik Brynjolfsson on Twitter: "The WSJ polled every living former member of the Council of Economic Advisors. Not a single one supported Trump."
Trump Calls Tim Kaine Governor of New Jersey (Kaine served in Virginia)
Democrats Continue Gun Control Sit-In as Paul Ryan Adjourns House
What Would Happen If Democrats Changed How a Nominee Is Selected?
Obama Makes Case Against Donald Trump, Saying Presidency Is Not a Reality Show -- President Obama implored journalists on Friday to subject Mr. Trumps proposals to intense scrutiny now that he is the presumptive Republican nominee.
North Dakota Loses Abortion Case, Must Pay $245,000 to Abortion Rights Group
Nancy Reagan lent her name to an assortment of causes, but none more worthless than "Just Say No"
America isn't getting screwed by the GOP, they are getting screwed by the corporations that bought the GOP.
Sanders: African-Americans lost half their wealth because of Wall Street collapse
Video: Senator Elizabeth Warren Calls for Action to Root Out Influence of Money in Politics
Sorry, Conservatives, Obamacare Is Still Working
Trump says closing that Internet is a good way to fight terrorism [ Trump: Simple-Minded "Solutions" to moderately complex problems, and this guy is Leading? in the Republican Polls? 
The Little-Noticed Conservative Plan To Permanently Lock Democrats Out Of Policymaking
Former President Jimmy Carter's cancer has stopped spreading and is "responding well to treatment," The Carter Center in Atlanta said in a statement Tuesday.
Theyre bonkers. Bizarre. Theyre like a Star Wars bar room: A former Republican congressman bemoans his sorry candidates
Trump campaign using targeted Facebook posts to discourage black Americans from voting
President Barack Obama will make a late splash into races for state senate and assembly over the next week, endorsing roughly 150 candidates across 20 states. He'll also back a candidate for the North Carolina Supreme Court.
Clinton Probably Finished Off Trump Last Night
John Oliver Is Back, And He Wants You To Get 'F**king Outraged' Over Donald Trump's Scandals
DNC to pour $5 million into Senate, House races
Trump Has Never Met Or Spoken To The Only Economist On His Economic Advisory Team
Tim Kaine Was Fighting for Civil Rights While Donald Trump Was Discriminating Against African Americans - Kaine won landmark housing discrimination cases while Trump refused to rent to black tenants.
Sarah Silverman At DNC: 'To The Bernie Or Bust People, You're Being Ridiculous'
Dear Dad, Please Dont Vote For Donald Trump, "The baffling reality is that when it comes to Trump, its difficult to critique him on much besides his personality and (lack of) character  because that is all there is."
How open-carry gun laws make mass shootings even more dangerous
After Saying He Forgave Loans to Campaign, Trump Won't Release Proof
Rachel Maddow: "There's no @realDonaldTrump on the homepage at GOP.com. That's weird. RNC Chair named him presumptive nominee a month ago."
Trump would rather have a national conversation about whether he is a bigot than one about whether he is too erratic to be trusted with the nuclear codes. That's because he'd rather argue about whether he's bad for some people than about whether he's bad for everyone.
Obama is forgiving the student loans of nearly 400,000 people -- federal student loan borrowers, who cant work because of a disability, will have their loans forgiven
Corporate Media Gatekeepers Protect Western 1% From Panama Leak
Arizona Voters Are Furious About Their Election Mess - "We're here to understand why it happened."
President Obama condemns vicious atmosphere in 2016 campaign | "While some may be more to blame than others for the current climate, all of us are responsible for reversing it. It is a cycle that is not an accurate reflection of America and it has to stop."
Sanders: Trump Absolutely Lying to Say My Campaigns Egging on Protests
One-third of all U.S. presidents appointed a Supreme Court justice in an election year
Bernie vs. Hillary
Elizabeth Warren: American Justice Is 'Rigged' In Favor Of The Rich
Study Finds Republican Voter Suppression Is Even More Effective Than You Think
Bernie Sanders Refuses to Melt: Bernie wasted no time in saying that he was going to bring back the era when government helped care for people.
Five GOP candidates to join pastor who thinks AIDS is Gods way of punishing gays
More Iowa Republicans Think Ted Cruz Was Born in the U.S. Than Obama
Native Americans to Oregon militia: You've got nothing to complain about
Michelle Obama Gives Powerful Speech Roasting Trump For Predatory Comments
Donald Trump Admits He Gets Confused and Makes Things Up After Watching Fox News
Bloomberg will endorse Clinton at Dem convention
Experts: Donald Trump Is Lying About His Fundraising Haul - After releasing fundraising reports that were anemic at best, Donald Trumps campaign announced in one single email blast he had raised at least $3.3 million. If that figure seems impossible, thats because it is.
Trump Suggests Obama Is Purposely Allowing Muslims To Commit Terrorist Acts In The United States
Trumps Attack on Judge Curiel Is Not Only Racist: It threatens an independent judiciary, which aligns perfectly with what the GOP has done for years.
Marco Rubio recommends Obama nominate this lawyer for federal judge  then blocks her when he does
Keith Olbermann: Donald Trump is winning because the media has failed the American people - You can "ask any question about Trump, Trumpism or anti-Trumpism except the existential ones," he wrote
Trump Camp Accidentally Emails Politico Its Plan To Hit Clinton On Whitewater
Former Latina Miss Universe: Trump Called Me Miss Piggy, Miss Housekeeping
Why Doesn't Every State Have Automatic Voter Registration? - These are "commonsense policies that remove unnecessary barriers and increase participation," said Vermont's governor.
Donald Trump Blamed Mike Tysons Rape Victim: She Went to Hotel Room on Her Own Will
More Than 300,000 California Voters Accidentally Registered for Ultra-Conservative Political Party
Danny Devito Surprises Bernie Sanders Rally
Trump Mortgage failed. Heres what that says about the GOP front-runner.
Watch As A Young Black Woman Is Repeatedly Shoved And Assaulted At A Donald Trump Rally
"A majority of Americans (56%) say the Senate should hold hearings and vote on President Obamas choice to fill the vacancy. About four-in-ten (38%) say the Senate should not hold hearings until the next president selects a court nominee."
Kansas Republicans threaten teachers with jail time for perfectly legal sex ed material
"We have more illegal immigrants here" than we did five years ago.  Marco Rubio on Sunday, January 31st, 2016 in an interview on NBC's "Meet the Press"
Bernie Sanders: 'We Would Beat Donald Trump Badly'
$250,000 a Year is Not Middle Class: the exact middle of the American spectrum earn $53,657, the highest 5% $206,568+
Oregon judge plans to bill Ammon Bundy up to $70,000 a day for security costs to county
Obama to seek 'every opportunity' to push climate plans in 2016, experts say - On the heels of the Paris climate deal, the president is likely to focus on the environment in his final year in office  & Congress can do little to stop him
The Bush presidency was my fault: I am so sorry my work stopped the Florida recount - 15 years ago, a Florida judge cited my stats theory and the recount ended. The Iraq War still torments me
Obama: U.S. Will Welcome Refugees 'As Long as I'm President'
Key Clinton emails did not contain highly classified secrets, inquiry finds
The GOP is a neo-Confederate party now: The South and the religious right have devoured the Republicans whole | "Until it ends, the neo-Confederate, mostly white, Christian party that Kevin Phillips envisioned in 1968 continues as half of our republics two-party system."
Gerrymandering could cost Democrats the House in 2016. Why? Because it probably did in 2012
Colin Powell Says He Will Vote For Hillary Clinton
Women Are Boycotting Ivanka Trumps Fashion Line  and the Stores That Sell It
Michael Moore Reveals Surprise Donald Trump Film, Opening In New York City Tomorrow!!!
The Outrage Grows: Miss Washington 2013 says Donald Trump groped her
"You can look at the propaganda on a lot of the terrorists' sites and what Donald Trump said about Muslims is used to recruit fighters."  Hillary Clinton on Sunday, October 9th, 2016 in the second 2016 presidential debate
Donald Trump Tax Returns Page 1
Native Americans in Nevada will have to travel almost 100 miles round-trip to vote
Donald Trump reneges on $100,000 flood victim donation to Louisiana anti-gay hate group
Republicans prep break glass emergency plan as Trump tumbles
Jill Stein Thinks There Are 'Real Questions' About Vaccine Safety, in Case You Were Voting Green
Dont be Fooled: Why Bernie Sanders Supporters Should Stay Clear of Gary Johnson ( unless you're not a real progressive)
Yes, the Republican Party Literally Wants to Eliminate National Parks [ Sorry Hunters And Fishermen 
Donald Trumps Habit of Lying About Charitable Donations Could Land Him in Legal Trouble
Poll Shows Asian Americans, Pacific Islanders Flocking to Democratic Party
The Republicans Military Budget Could Make Every Homeless Person In America A Millionaire
Louisiana wants rape victims to wait 72-hours for an abortion while their rapists buy guns whenever
John McCain Has a Yuge Donald Trump Problem - McCain helped make Trump possible  a fact he must regret now that Trump might cost him his Senate seat
Ben Carson: Cruz could be Trump Attorney General, then move to Supreme Court. As if possibility of Trump Presidency wasn't scary enough
FoxNews.com Closes Comment Section on Malia Obama Article After Avalanche of Racism
President Obama Weighs His Economic Legacy: Eight years after the financial crisis, unemployment is at 5 percent, deficits are down and G.D.P. is growing. Why do so many voters feel left behind? The president has a theory.
The Biggest Environmental Disaster No One Is Talking About [ Methane Fracking Leaks Everywhere - This was predicted. 
1.5 Million People Barred From Voting in Florida Primaries: Florida has the highest number of disenfranchised voters.
Planned Parenthoods Worst Enemy Just Endorsed Ted Cruz - Fiorina waged war on Planned Parenthood during her campaign.
Bernie Sanders Far More Electable In Head-To-Head Polls
John Oliver Finally Takes on Donald Trump & It Was Brutally Fantastic
Bernie Sanders Presses Hillary Clinton To Demand DNC Keep Ban On Lobbyist Cash
Carly Fiorina Really Likes to Make Shit Up
Planned Parenthood singles out Republicans for 'hateful rhetoric' that incited Colorado attack
The greatest threat to America? Republicans | "To borrow the rhetoric of their candidates, the party is now an existential threat to America's leadership of the global community."
"The presidential candidate who has most harmed American politics this year is Donald Trump, a bully who has prospered by inciting rage. Yet from the narrower perspective of the Republican Party, the most dangerous candidate of the 2016 pack may just be Senator Ted Cruz"
Sanders calls Trump a 'political coward' over voter suppression report
Donald Trumps higher ed plan will explode the student debt crisis. Trump is disguising a giveaway to Wall Street banks as a solution to the student debt crisis.
White nationalist leader: Every alt-right Nazi I know is volunteering for the Trump campaign
I Will Never Stop Hating This Election for Normalizing Stupid - Charles Pierce - Esquire
Powell told Clinton how to bypass State security measures [ Remember when the WHOLE Bush Admin was on Private Email Servers? And Not a Peep from Repubs. 
"The fact is" the Clinton Foundation has "got about 80 percent in overhead and 20 percent of the money is actually getting into the places it should."  Reince Priebus on Tuesday, August 23rd, 2016 in comments on "The Mike Gallagher Show"
The Fake $400 Million Iran Ransom Story - The money was a real debt and had to be paid at some point, but the United States exploited the timing so Iran didnt delay freeing its hostages.
Trump campaign manager no longer wants him to release his tax returns
The Doctor Behind the Dyin Hillary Meme - Meet Breitbarts favorite doctor, who is declaring Clinton medically unfit to serve. She works for an organization that thinks abortion causes breast cancer.
Donald Trump Says He Gives His Workers Childcare. His Workers Say Thats Baloney. - The Donald claims its easy for employers to help take care of kids, and that he provides childcare all over. But theres little to support this claim.
Clinton: Trump's coziness with Putin 'raises national security issues'
Draft-Dodger Trump Said Sleeping Around Was My Personal Vietnam
Nate Silver on Twitter: "What a total and complete shitshow this convention has been."
Black, Gun-Owning Congressman Says The NRA Doesnt Care About Black People - "The hypocrisy there is so blatant."
A fact checker looked into 158 things Donald Trump said. 78 percent were false.
The Trump campaign is becoming an outright catastrophe
Texas's Anti-LGBT Republican Lt Gov Faces Backlash for Bible Verse Tweet After Attack at Orlando Gay Club
Democratic Congressman Tells Trump to Return the $150,000 He Wrongly Received From Taxpayers for Non-Existent 9/11 Damage Claims
Would Donald Trump Let the Muslim Mayor of London Visit the United States? - The newly elected mayor of one of the worlds great cities decries the Republicans talk of banning Muslims as a very serious threat.
Bernie Sanders Challenges Hillary Clinton to Debate in New York
Students Are Being Rejected From The Polls Because Of North Carolinas Voter ID Law
Rush Limbaugh cites 19th century Democratic obstructionism to justify 21st century Republican obstructionism.
No GOP Candidate Will Be "Really Good for Women"
Republican leaders are no longer trying to win the White House. Theyre trying to figure out how best to lose.
Illinois GOP bill attacks single moms: No birth certificate or financial aid without the father
Bernie Sanders Gets More Endorsements From Arizona Latino Leaders
Rachel Maddow just made a convincing case for why Bernie Sanders could be president [Video
Unemployment Rate Falls Below 5% For First Time Since 2008
Bad news for the GOP: America isnt scared of Bernie's "socialism" - The Republican Party has spent generations raving about the dangers of socialism. But it isn't working anymore
Corporate Crime Runs Rampant Thanks to 'Rigged' System: Elizabeth Warren
The Rise & Fall of a Fox News Fraud - Wayne Simmons used CIA credentials to get on TV & work with the Pentagon, but prosecutors say it was all a lie
Bernie Sanders: Audit the Department Of Defense, Contractors Wasting Money While Soldiers are on Food Stamps
They have no shame: It's confirmed, Fox News lied egregiously (again) in its latest Benghazi "bombshell"; Newly released document confirms that Fox News (with an assist from the GOP) flagrantly lied about Benghazi
More Studies Prove The Economy Always Does Better When A Democrat Is President | Correlated or not it exists
Elizabeth Warren Wants to Give Seniors a Raise - The senator is introducing a bill to provide a one-time Social Security pay bump.
Election Update: Trump May Depress Republican Turnout, Spelling Disaster For The GOP
Major GOP donors are asking Trump for their money back
How Did This Trump Supporter Learn That Clinton Has Dementia?: Ive Been Watching a Lot of Fox News
Report: Trump Rented Space To Iranian Bank Later Linked To Terrorism
Stephen Colbert: 'I Would Have Trump On Tomorrow, But He's A Coward'
Obama's Trickle-Up Economics | We expected good news; but last year, it turns out, the economy partied like it was 1999. And this tells us something very important  namely, that a government that wants to can make American society more equitable, improving the quality of life for ordinary families.
Polls show many  even most  Trump supporters really are deeply hostile to Muslims and nonwhites
Benjy Sarlin (@NBCNews) on Twitter: "Am I missing a bunch of statements from Republican leaders saying "How dare you call our nominee racist" or has it been shockingly quiet?" -- Joy Reid (AM Joy host) on Twitter: "Crickets."
Pat Buchanan Fan Leaves the GOP Over Trump - This ex-military Republican has been ultra-loyal to the party and the movements that animate it. No longer. The man at the top of the ticket is beyond the pale.
John Harwood (CNBC) on Twitter: "Trump spox says Obama changing rules of engagement "probably" cost Khan his life even though he was killed 4 yrs before Obama presidency"
Donald Trumps Convention Speech Rings Terrifying Historical Alarm Bells
Mike Pence used campaign funds to pay his mortgage  and it cost him an election
Republican Lawmakers Think Porn Is a Menace, but GOP States Watch It the Most - Republican delegates adopted an amendment to their draft platform labeling porn a "public health crisis". Odd, given that their party is led by a misogynist & red states consume the most porn.
Orlando shooting exposes Donald Trumps biggest weakness: A total lack of empathy
Texas Dem Congressman of Mexican descent whose great-grandfather, grandfather and father were all US military veterans tells Trump to 'take your wall and shove it'
A matter of conscience: Stephen King, Junot Daz & 100s of other authors sign anti-Trump letter - Amy Tan, Michael Chabon, Jennifer Egan, Cheryl Strayed, & Dave Eggers have signed on to the still-growing list
Obama Is Right: Reagan's Tax Cuts Didn't Revive the Economy
Poll: GOP disapproval highest since 1992
Bernie Sanders said poor people don't vote
Bill OReilly finally admits what everyone else already knows: The GOP could very well be slaughtered next November - It appears the Fox host has finally entered the final stage of grief
PayPal withdraws from North Carolina because of new LGBT discrimination law: That's the biggest economic backlash to hit state following signing of HB2.
ARIZONA POLITICIAN: LETS BE CLEAR  VOTER SUPPRESSION HAPPENED
Why Young People Are Right About Hillary Clinton: "The choice they see is between an honest politician, and one who is so profoundly a part of the problem that she can't even see it anymore."
Donald Trump cant keep blaming other people for the anger of his campaign
MSNBC: Sanders wins Michigan
The One Fact Texas Doesnt Want You To Know About Its Abortion Law - It's a case that's built on a lie.
Sanders once urged abolishing CIA: As anti-Vietnam War activist, he called the spy agency 'a dangerous institution that has got to go.'
Republicans Invent New Supreme Court Tradition Out of Thin Air
Democrats fear Sanders supporters wont back Clinton if she wins nomination
Is Sanders' Striking Success in New Hampshire a Sign of a National Political Shocker in the Making?
Both Social Security and Medicare have provided enormous benefits and savings for the middle class. They provide better service than private corporations could provide, at a much lower cost. Medicare For All would do the same.
Marco Rubio: 700,000 Americans could be affected by bill tying terrorist watch list to gun purchases
The New York Daily News Just Made One Helluva Perfect Statement
Scientists: Ted Cruz Understands Less About Climate Than A Kindergartner
Bernies Health Care Proposal Saves Money: Single-payer system is an affordable way to expand health care to everyone in America
Bernie Sanders: Senate votes are what Im paid to do. Sanders has missed 4% of votes, compared to 42% for Republican candidate Marco Rubio
Surprise, Surprise! Rep. Joe "you lie" Wilson on the Anonymous KKK member list
American Indians are disgusted by Trumps weird Hindi ad: He is the living embodiment of ignorance
Donald Trump has spent his whole life falsely trying to prove he is a winner. Now he is poised to become a historic loser. The jig is up.
Eric Trump seen with lemonade in free water cup at In-N-Out
Two and a half months ago, Donald Trump promised a press conference on Melania Trump's immigration fraud. Much to everyone's surprise, neither of the Trumps have held one since.
Evan McMullin: CIA Sources Say Trump is Being Blackmailed by Putin
Trump wont release his medical records  instead hell reveal his health regimen to TVs Dr. Oz
WikiLeaks release excludes evidence of 2 billion transfer from Syria to Russia
Conservative writer & professional provocateur Ann Coulter may have finally gone too far Thursday night after mocking the Muslim father of a hero Marine who died while saving 10 of his fellow soldiers in Iraq in 2004.
Meet The Workers Who Sewed Donald Trump Clothing For A Few Dollars A Day
With Obama, the Personal Is Presidential: No matter what you think of his time in office, its hard to argue that the human being has been anything less than a model of class and dignity.
Log Cabin Republicans: Party passes most anti-LGBT platform in GOP history
Former Republican Treasury Secretary: "The GOP, in putting Trump at the top of the ticket, is endorsing a brand of populism rooted in ignorance, prejudice, fear and isolationism....Its time to put country before party and say it together: Never Trump."
GOPs greatest outrage of all: The Republican Party is systematically screwing its own voters - The poor have been stripped of their democratic voice. Whatever the media say, this is the story of the primary.
Yes, there really is scientific consensus on climate change
The secret to a liberal Supreme Court - The right spent decades remaking the judiciary. For the 1st time in a generation, the left could do the same
Bernie Sanders has the most realistic plan to boost wages and job creation
Jeb Bush, in what was meant to be a light-hearted moment Wednesday, nicknamed a South Carolina elected official "Hurricane Katrina," a reference to a tragedy that killed nearly 2,000 people and is regarded as a low point in his brother's presidency.
Why Well Miss Lindsey Graham - There appears to be no room in today's GOP for someone concerned about climate change and immigration reform.
Texas Lands In Court For Trying To Defund Planned Parenthood
Democrats Try To End Drought In The South With Louisiana Governor Win
Trump supporters--men with dogs--showed up at early voting polling place in Cincinnati to intimidate black voters. Yelling matches ensued.
The Election is Rigged After All -- Against African Americans: Voting rights advocates have won a string of court battles, but state election officials have found ways to restrict early voting anywayoften at the behest of GOP leaders.
Anne Applebaum (WaPo Columnist) on Twitter: ''Trump is now repeating, every day, lines lifted directly from Russian state television. Truly extraordinary."
JSTR  CTUAL on Twitter: "Riddle me this. Why is RUSSIA TODAY releasing WIKILEAKS dumps 20 minutes BEFORE WIKILEAKS if they are not in bed together?? >>"
Ken Burns: Trump Camps Playbook Is Out of the National Socialist Party in Germany
Says Hillary Clinton is "wrong" to say he mocked a disabled reporter.  Donald Trump on Wednesday, October 19th, 2016 in the third presidential debate in Las Vegas
Big donors demand Republican Party drops Donald Trump amid Numerous sexual assault allegations
Hillary Clinton for President of the United States: A Donald Trump presidency is among the greatest threats facing America, and the Republican standard-bearer is the worst major-party candidate for the job in U.S. history. The editors have never endorsed a candidate for political office.
Republicans Urge Replacing Man Who Hates Women with Man Who Hates Women and Gays
Exclusive poll: GOP voters want the party to stand by Trump
There are five living U.S. presidents. None of them support Donald Trump.
Max Boot (CFR Senior Fellow) On Twitter: "Why is Trump so eager to claim every event as terrorism? Like all demagogues he wants to create climate of fear so he can seize power."
Seven Minutes That Shook the Convention: How the father of slain Muslim soldier shamed Donald Trump, upstaged Hillary Clintonand did it without notes.
Sanders on Clinton support: 'It's not about the lesser of two evils'
Trump was accused of destroying email evidence in lawsuit 10 years ago
Sen. Elizabeth Warren endorses Hillary Clinton for president
Hillary Clinton Paid Actor to Impersonate Military Member : snopes.com -- FALSE --
Mississippis leaders thought welfare recipients were on drugs. They were wrong. | "Mississippi has screened 5,578 TANF applicants for drug use since August. Only eight (0.14 percent) have tested positive."
Tech Company Calls Trump's Bluff By Offering To Put Up $10 Million For Sanders Debate
Donald Trump's Economic Plans Would Destroy the U.S. Economy - Make America have a recession again.
Former Republican Senator Says: Unequivocally, I am not supporting Donald Trump. I think he is a sociopath.
Tea Party Activist Admits What Everybody Already Knows About Voter ID Laws: They Exist To Disenfranchise Minority Voters
New Yorkers File Emergency Lawsuit Over Voter Registration Problems on Primary Day - The New York City comptroller is launching an audit over widespread reports of voter disenfranchisement, closed polling locations & other irregularities.
The FCC does something great to increase broadband access, Republicans immediately vow to curb it
Democrats are poised to take back the Senate but for one problem: Money
Yes They DO Hate Him Because He Is Black. | "But, there is something significantly different about Republican animus towards Obama  it goes way beyond the regular partisan antagonism. "
Trump threatens to send supporters to Sanders events: 'Be careful Bernie'
All the times Trump has called for violence at his rallies
Fox News Almost Hosted a Trump/Sanders Debate, But Trump Backed Out
Trump supporter who shouted down young black woman at Kentucky rally is an avowed pro-white activist - Matthew Heimbach wore his Trump Make America Great Again hat as he yelled: "Youre scum, your time will come!"
The racist history of evangelicals proves theyre a perfect match with Trump: Why the religious rights love for The Donald makes sense - The religious right was formed to protect segregation, so it's no surprise they're drawn to Donald Trump
The GOP Still Doesnt Understand the Monster It Created in Donald Trump - In many ways, Trump's rise to GOP superstardom was inevitable. Yet establishment Republicans still don't get it.
A Proud Tradition: SCOTUS nominations during election years, an infographic
Republican math: the presidency is only two years long. They have proven that the first year doesn't count because George W Bush and 9/11. Now they say the fourth year doesn't count because Scalia.
For anyone who tries to convince you that Bernie Sanders is new to African American Issues, remember he is the only candidate that has been arrested for protecting African American rights.
'Black Americans for a Better Future' Super PAC 100% Funded by Rich White Guys
Millennials have gotten royally screwed: Thats why theyre voting for Bernie Sanders
Bernie Sanders Says Hes Already Started Writing His Inaugural Address
Incidents of harassment at Planned Parenthood jumped ninefold after release of undercover videos
Bernie Sanders Now Has Ronda Rousey In His Corner
Drawing the Line: How redistricting turned America from blue to red.
Donald Trumps threat to imprison Hillary Clinton is a threat to democracy
Donald Trump is normalizing bigotry
Jane Goodall says Trump's antics 'remind me of male chimpanzees'
Donald Trump On Twin Towers: 'They Were Not Great Buildings' Until 'Their Demise'
Trump returns to his old standbys: Xenophobia, hate, lies, and yes, mass deportations
Trump rally emcee: Ban women voters who use free contraception and we will win every election
Ex-CIA Head on Trump Guns Remark: Anyone Else Who Said That Would Be in a Police Wagon Now
WashPo's Conservative Pundit Savages Trump: "Its getting harder to keep up the pretense that he has redeeming features or an adequate support system to make the prospect of a Trump presidency palatable. He doesnt."
The sham is over: Elizabeth Warren has the last word on thin-skinned fraud Donald Trump
Trump campaign solicits illegal foreign donations despite warnings
Judge: Kansas can't cut Planned Parenthood's Medicaid money
Jimmy Carter calls for return to publicly financed elections
CNN host explodes at Trump aide for relentlessly ignoring facts: Its like Groundhog Day
Trump Brags That 600,000 People Showed up for His DC Rally; Rally Spokesperson Says the Number Was Actually 5,000
The right wing hates America: The loudest flag-waving patriots are always the dangerous hypocrites
Trump Camp Cancels Interview Once They Catch Reporter Speaking Spanish
A Bernie Sanders Supporter Confronted a Superdelegate  Then Leaked Their Private Conversation
US Is #19 Out Of 20 In New High-Speed Rail Ranking [ Thanks Republicans, 19 other nations have better infrastructure, and therefore MORE JOBS, and better economic growth. 
Sanders scores win in Idaho
John Kasich Says GOP Senators Should Meet With Supreme Court Nominee
Governor Blocks $2.85 Minimum Wage Increase After Giving Staffers $73,405 Raises - "I'm troubled by the amount of raises that I've read about." (xpost-/r/CornbreadLiberals)
These lazy federal workers cost us $1.5 million a year | "Have you heard about the federal workers who are refusing to do their jobs  while continuing to bill the taxpayers almost $1.5 million a year each?"
Ted Cruzs Michigan Legislative Co-Chair Wants To Ban Homosexuality
"The [GOP
8 times Chris Christie suggested Donald Trump shouldn't be president
Trump responds to former Mexican presidents F-bomb: "The wall just got ten feet taller"
How Dark Money Flows Through the Koch Network: This week, the Koch Brothers announced that they will inject nearly $900 million into the 2016 elections. In this interactive graphic, originally published in February 2014, ProPublica explored how money flows through the Koch's tangled web.
Endorsement: Hillary Clinton has needed knowledge, experience
Clinton crushing Sanders in Pennsylvania
The Lead CNN on Twitter: ""You can't polish this turd" @VanJones68 on #Trump possibly not accepting election results "
No, Bernie Sanders isnt doomed: Why Hillary Clintons Nevada win doesnt mean its over
Daily News Editorial Board says Vote Hillary Clinton: Her plans to give working- and middle-class Americans a fighting chance at rising incomes are far superior to Bernie Sanders'
The Sad Decline and Fall of Bernie Sanders
Clinton ally unloads on Bernie Sanders: Instead of taking it like a man, hes working the refs
After hearing 40 veterans died on waiting lists at the VA, Bernie Sanders says "People die everyday"
Bernie Sanders Clarifies: Newtown Families Can Sue But They Should Lose
1 Week, 6 Hillary Clinton Lies
Stop Bernie-Splaining to Black Voters: History and experience have burned into the black American psyche a functional pragmatism whose existence doesnt depend on others approval.
Bernie Sanders Signed a Pro-Traditional Marriage Resolution in 1982: "Marriage is 'a lifelong commitment between husband and wife' - Signed, Mayor Bernie Sanders, February 9, 1982"
Hillary Clinton has Long History of Collaboration with Republicans on Foreign Policy
If Bernie Sanders Doesn't Support Fracking, He Should Check His Investments.
Bernie Sanders is making unrealistic promises about his free college plan
Dennis Kucinich: America can certainly afford Health care for all and free college tuition.
Hillary Clinton for the Democratic Nomination
Donald Trump has revealed an alarming lack of policy knowledge. So has Bernie Sanders.
Sanders ardently opposed the trade deal that led to the Panama Papers abuses; Clinton supported it
Greenpeace, Sanders Hold Ground Against Clinton in Fossil Fuel Feud
Bernie Sanders tried to retroactively steal Nevada from Hillary Clinton today
Susan Sarandon has linked to a u-stream video of the entire event at the casino where the charge of "english only" chanting was levied. Watch it and decide for yourself.
Thomas Piketty on the rise of Bernie Sanders: the US enters a new political era | US news
Supporters of Hillary Clinton on Saturday pounced on a newly unearthed resolution signed by Bernard Sanders in 1982 affirming marriage is between husband and wife, asserting the document undercuts the notion hes been a longtime supporter of same-sex marriage.
Barney Frank says support for Sanders reflects a 'lack of information'
Hillary Clinton pays a lot in taxes. Shes proposing to pay even more
A Powerful Man Who Victimizes Women...
Bernie Isn't Best for Black Voters
How the 2016 Democratic Primary Has Made Me a Staunch Hillary Clinton Supporter
Hillary Clinton's Campaign Just Got Busted Impersonating Union Nurses in Nevada
Hillary's Superdelegate Coup Just Confirms to Millennials: The System Is Rigged
As the Sanders campaign descends into negative territory, culminating in his claim that Hillary isn't "qualified" to be president, a couple of reminders.
A Hawk She is Not: The Truth About Hillary Clinton's Foreign Policy Views
The Math That Shows Why Bernie Sanders Has Virtually No Path to the Nomination
Why Black Voters Dont Feel the Bern: Sanders debate stumble on race issues and Hillarys sure-footed answer help explain why shes getting most of the African-American vote.
Endorsement: Hillary Clinton for Democrats
Bernie Sanders Releases All Zero Speeches Hes Given To Wall Street: Hillary Clinton challenged him to release the transcripts. It was not a heavy lift.
Uncle Bernie Sanders Is Brainwashing Our Uneducated Youth
Why Im Supporting Hillary: She called out Republicans for restricting womens right to make decisions about their bodies. It goes to the heart of who we are as women, our rights, our autonomy, & we need to be talking about that & defending Planned Parenthood from these outrageous attacks.
Connecticut Senator Not Happy With Bernie Sanders View On Sandy Hook Lawsuit: He called the candidates comments really bad.
How Bernie Sanders supporters shut down a Donald Trump rally in Chicago
Will Ferrell switches support from Sanders to Clinton
Let's vote for the more electable candidate - Bernie Sanders
Clinton's PAC using $500,000 contributed by Wall Street institutions to purchase attack ads
Bill Clinton Says Bernie Sanders Lives In A 'Hermetically Sealed Box'
Losing Bernie: My Journey from #FeelTheBern to #HillYes
What Are You Hiding Bernie??? Hillary Clinton Has Released 15 Years of Complete Tax Returns; Bernie Sanders Has Only Released One Year of Partial Tax Returns -- Why?
Hillary Clinton's Got This; Something truly crazy would have to happen for Bernie Sanders to win the Democratic nomination.
Sanders as Democratic Nominee Makes No Sense: "As the campaign progresses it is becoming clear he doesn't have any interest in meeting what his responsibility would be as the Democratic nominee."
Cut Clinton some slack: She not only beat Bernie Sanders but got more votes than any Republican candidate, and she becomes the first woman ever to win the Iowa caucuses.
Pro Bernie Sanders image blocked by Facebook
Voters who think Sanders 'can't win' are dead wrong
Bernie Sanders' big day
Millennials like socialism  until they get jobs
No, actually Hillary Clinton won Tuesday night: Or, a quick guide to proportional representation and what it means for the nomination contest.
The Phony Revolutionary: Bernie Sanders' Repeated Sellouts for Political Expediency
Economists who Bashed Bernie Sanders' Tax Plan Admit Theyre Clueless: "Were Not Really Experts"
Betty Friedan would vote for Bernie: Gloria Steinem and other feminists need to hear this
MSNBC Cuts Away from Bernie Sanders as he Condemns Trans-Pacific Partnership
'We walk with Hillary': Why an L.A. congressman tells voters -- in 2 languages -- to caucus
Sanders Campaign Ad Misleadingly Suggests Endorsements: "A new ad for Bernie Sanders playing in New Hampshire suggests that two regional newspapers have endorsed the Vermont Senator when in fact, they have not"
Hillary Clinton has a nearly 20 percent edge in voter support over Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) in the 2016 Democratic presidential primary, according to an NBC News/Survey Monkey poll released early Tuesday.
Thousands Call on DNC to Oust 'Corporatist Tool' Wasserman Schultz
Lena Dunham: Clinton Vote Nothing to Do With 'Girl Power'
Q: What would happen if superdelegates had to vote for the candidate who won their state, like Bernie Sanders wants? A: Hillary Clinton would still win the nomination.
This thing isnt over yet: Bernie can still topple the Hillary machine
#VettingBernie: How Wayne Lapierre and the NRA Helped Launch Bernie Sanders' Political Career
The Sanders Campaign Thinks It Can Give Us 5 Percent Economic Growth. Its Deluded.
Bernie Sanders better-liked, runs better against Republicans than Hillary Clinton
Sanders Campaign Caught Red-Handed Fraudulently Claiming Non-Existent Endorsements in Nevada
Clinton Gains Support From 170 African American Women Leaders
Hey, Berniacs: I Learned to Love Hillary and So Can You
Rachel Maddow Debunks Bernie Sanders Claim Of Clinton Campaign Finance Violations
Sanders Surrogate says 'A Uterus Doesn't Qualify You to Be President of the United States'
Hillary Clinton Fundraiser Hosted by All-Star Cast of Financial Regulators Who Joined Wall Street
Bernie Sanders is Clueless About His Own Proposals
Bernie Sanders Warned Congress About Panama's Tax Havens In 2011
Hillary Clinton Punches Back Hard for Women When No One Else Does
Hillary Clinton scores endorsement from District Council 37, NYCs largest labor union
Arrest photo of young activist Bernie Sanders emerges from Tribune archives
DNC Chair: Superdelegates Make Sure Party Leaders Dont Have to Run Against Grassroots Activists
Says he was endorsed by the Valley News newspaper.  Bernie Sanders on Wednesday, February 3rd, 2016 in a campaign ad
Obama Signs $8.7 Billion Food Stamp Cut Into Law { More Cuts Will Follow To Other Social Programs }
The Bernie Bros Are A Problem And The Sanders Campaign Is Trying To Stop Them: Bernie Sanders campaign is trying to rein in his unruly online men. Live by the Redditors, die by the Redditors.
Why Electing Hillary in 16 Is More Important Than Electing Obama in 08
Politifact Mostly False: Bernie Sanders says Wall Street tax would pay for his free tuition plan
Rapper Killer Mike faces flak for uterus comment at Sanders rally
With One Speech, Hillary Clinton Proved She Is The Perfect Democrat To Beat Trump: Hillary Clinton has the battle sharpened gravitas that Democrats will need to puncture the Trump hot air balloon.
"I have 2 and a half million more votes than he (Sanders) does."  Hillary Clinton on Tuesday, April 5th, 2016 in an interview on ABC's "the View"
Bernie Sanders Campaign Picks a Bad Time to Play the What-If Game
Dont be fooled by Bernie Sanders  hes a diehard communist
Remember This Moment When Bernie Sanders is Courting Black Voters This Week
DREAMers endorse Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton
Bernie Sanders backers beware: Its up to you to keep movement alive if Hillary Clinton takes primary
Poll: Despite Bernie Sanders' Crowds, Hillary Clinton Ahead In Oregon; "A new poll shows Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump headed toward primary victories next week in Oregon  and suggests Clinton holds a strong lead over Trump as both pivot toward the November general election."
Sanders campaign's new strategy on superdelegates leaves some unimpressed: "You're trying to woo us now, but we remember when you were trashing us."
30 Native Leaders Stand With Clinton
Bernie. Dont Do This. -- With a scorched-earth campaign against Clinton, Sanders is risking his partys nominee, its coalition, and his message.
Paul Krugman on Twitter: "Moral courage! -- Sanders held press avail while in Puerto Rico. When asked about NV tension/chaos, Sanders walked away during middle of Q
Battenfeld: New York not looking like sure thing for Hillary Clinton
Me First: Why Bernie Sanders Voted Against Protecting Our Nation's Children
More Shocking Upsets in Store for Bernie Sanders?
Hillary Clinton says Bernie Sanders supported Minutemen, indefinite detention for the undocumented
Sanders supported the vigilante groups by voting for the bill. / Verdict: True.
"NAFTA, supported by the Secretary (Clinton), cost us 800,000 jobs nationwide."  Bernie Sanders on Sunday, March 6th, 2016 in the Democratic debate in Flint, Mich.
Hillary Clinton Finally Nailed Her Wall Street Answer
Why Bernie Sanders is More Electable Than People Think
Hillary Clintons leftward shift on climate change
Bernie Sanders Is Democrats Top Beneficiary of Outside Spending, Like it or Not
Essay It Ain't So! -- Bernie Sanders' campaign has tried to distance him from a 1972 essay in which the Democratic presidential candidate wrote that a woman "fantasizes being raped by three men simultaneously."
When pressed on his single-payer health care proposals -- an issue for which Hillary Clinton has recently attacked the Vermont senator on the campaign trail, just two weeks away from the first Iowa caucuses -- Sanders gave sparse details about how he would pay for the plan.
New Poll Shows 60% of Americans Think Hillary Clinton is Untrustworthy and Dishonest
Associated Press: Hillary Clinton makes history as the first woman to become the presidential nominee of a major US political party.
Bernie Sanders embraces alternative medicine: Sometimes called complementary and alternative medicine, they are practices that promote healing effects that do not originate from evidence supported by the scientific method.
South Carolina black voters say they know Hillary Clinton well enough to pass on Bernie Sanders
Bernie Sanders Has a Tough Road Ahead of Him
Bernie Sanders Supporters Unleash Sexist, Nasty Attacks On Nevadas Dem Chair: Just listen to the voicemails Roberta Lange has received.
Hillary Clinton Is Gaslighting Bernie Sanders and It Is Abusive
Why I endorse Bernie Sanders for President of the United States
Clinton crushes Sanders in Arizona
New NBC Poll - Clinton 52, Sanders 41
I'm a Brit, worried Bernie voters might disappear in apathy upon a Clinton nomination.
Robert Reich: Bernie Sanders' economic proposals are far from fantasy, would spur growth - "The question is whether we as a country have the courage to actually take action now."
WOW. Before the "Bernie Bro," Clinton supporters created the "Obama boy." No, seriously.
Gabby Giffords Is Ready to Campaign For Hillary Clinton Like There's No Tomorrow
U.S. Senator Ron Wyden makes it official: He's for Hillary Clinton
Chelsea Clinton, $10M Apartment, $3M Wedding, $600K Job: I Just Don't Care About Money
Feel the Bern, indeed: Sanders takes the low road with nasty Clinton Attacks
#VettingBernie: How Sanders Cleared Way to Dump Toxic Nuclear Waste on Poor Hispanics (and How They Fought Back)
Clinton Accuses Sanders of 'Flip-Flopping' on Guns
Bernie Sanders Doesn't Want to Talk About Paris in the Second Democratic Debate
Sarah Palin Is a Cunt...Let Me Explain
Trump sex tape lie is his most blatant lie yet
#HillaryGate
Hillary Clinton Got $280,000 for One Speech to Bruce Rauners Former Firm
Its time to admit Hillary Clinton is an extraordinarily talented politician
Why Im Supporting Hillary Clinton: A Plea to Louisiana Progressives
Insiders to Bernie: Dont take the fight to Philly -- 'The primary is over. There is no path, and there is no math,' says a Florida Democrat.
Not So Boring: Behind Bernie's Massive Mortgage Deduction
I'm the real-life Gordon Gekko and I support Bernie Sanders
Jane Sanders Says Bernie Sanders Didnt Actually Call Hillary Clinton Unqualified
Bernie Sanders is fighting Money in Politics and so is Democracy Spring
How to Accept Hillary Clinton as a Bernie Sanders Fan
Were Changes to Sanders Article Stealth Editing?
Bernie Sanders can be a national hero if he drops out and helps Hillary Clinton defeat Trump
If Hillary Clinton hopes to unify Democrats, trying to tarnish Bernie Sanders is not the way to go
Bernie Sanders' Stunning Upset Victory in Michigan Means This Race Is Far from Over: Nobody  especially the pollsters  saw this coming
2 winners and 3 losers from Tuesday night's primaries
Michigan mayor says he was nearly kicked out of Dem debate
Flint Workers to Presidential Candidates: $15/Hour and Union Rights
Clinton's Delegate Guru Says She Can Clinch Nomination on Super Tuesday
Bernie Sanderss health-care plan could actually hurt the poor: A new analysis finds millions of Medicaid enrollees would end up worse off under his proposal.
Bernie Sanders Is Getting Advice From Expert Who Cited Possible Israeli Ties to Chemical Attacks
Listen To Our Daughters
The more you know Bernie, the worse he does in the general election.
Man Questions Clinton on Wall Street: "Please Just Release Those Transcripts So We Know Where You Stand"
Why Bernie's Proposals Would Spur Economic Growth
The Vote for Bankruptcy Reform that Haunts Hillary Clinton
How Hillary Clinton Might Actually Win In N.H., Even Though She Lost Big
Bernie Sanders needs to get serious about foreign policy
Democrats Are Fuming About Hillary Clinton's 'Smear' Line
Black Feminists Dont Owe Hillary Clinton Their Support
Howard Dean on foreign policy: "I want a president who is battle tested before she gets there and doesnt have to learn on the job."
The False Narrative Being Put Forth By Clinton That The GOP Will Work With Her As President.
Bill Clinton plays role of closer in Iowa
Poll: Clinton leads Sanders by 5 points in Iowa
I'm Gay. Hillary Clinton Misspoke While Being Nice to a Dead Woman. Get Over It.
Women React to Bernie Sanders Telling Hillary Im Talking
Sanders faces struggle to broaden appeal after faltering in Nevada
Bernie Sanders had 'no intention of becoming a Democrat' -- Hillary Clintons rival for Democrat nomination ruled out ever joining the party, documents show
'Neutral' Media Pundits Have Financial Ties to Hillary Clinton Campaign
Megyn to Wasserman Schultz: GOPers May Be 'Vulgar,' But None of Them May Face Indictment
Email Scandal: Hillary Clintons Last Defense Just Blew Up
Quiz: Who Said It? Karl Marx or Bernie Sanders?
SEIU endorses Hillary Clinton for president
Bernie Sanders is the only presidential candidate who wants to adopt a very aggressive program to combat climate change also he is the only candidate that advocates banning fracking.
Confirmed: Sanders is selling a fantasy agenda -- Sanders offers unchecked ideological certainty and unkeepable promises.
Hillary Clinton, the Feminist who is Open to Taking Choice out of "Pro-Choice"
Why Are Bernie Sanders Groups Being Removed From Facebook?
Eric Adams: "I asked presidential candidates to come to #Brownsville and see forgotten parts of Brooklyn. Here's BernieSanders."
Bernie Sanders called Hillary Clinton unqualified to be president  and blew up his own campaign
Bernie Lied! Hillary Clinton Actually Refused to Call Him Unqualified Three Times
After Wisconsin, Sanders is worse off than ever in the delegate race
Bernie Sanders is misleading the public
Did Bernie Sanders Predict the Panama Papers When He Opposed Clinton-Backed U.S.-Panama Trade Deal?
Hillarys atrocious race record: Her stances over decades have been painful and wrong - Salon.com
Bern-Out: 3 Reasons Sanders Has Peaked
Hillary will never survive the Trump onslaught: Its not fair, but it makes her a weak nominee. Clinton backers who tout their "realism" need to get real about how she'll handle the shitstorm coming from Trump.
In March 15th worst case scenario, Hillary Clinton still widens her delegate and popular vote lead
Twitter Attacks Clintons Record With #WhichHillary
Is Bernie Sanders Finally Coming To Realize He Cant Possibly Win The Nomination?
This Is the Date Bernie Sanders Berns Out: With South Carolina and Super Tuesday looming ahead, Bernie Sanders' campaign is fast approaching an expiration date.
Poll: Voters Increasingly See Sanders As Electable
Team Clinton growing nervous about Nevada
Bernie Sanders is no revolutionary
Albright: 'special place in hell' for women who don't support Clinton
Endorsement: Clinton has record of getting things done
Hillary Clintons claim that Bernie Sanders voted for the Charleston loophole
Clinton Tops List of Arms Company Donations - U.S. presidential candidate Hillary Clinton was also a favorite of the arms producing giants during her 2006
Today in Bernie Sanders Hypocrisy: Superdelegates are bad, but they used to be good, and they'll be good again if they vote for him at the Convention.
Poll: Clinton crushes Trump among Hispanics
No, the race between Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton isn't close
Dems, stop lying to yourselves about Hillary: Sure, she gets s*** done  atrocious s***, that is
Bernie Sanders Says He Will Vote for Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton's Remarkable Comeback
When Will Sanders Start to Help His Party Heal? -- Clinton has built dominant leads in delegates and the popular vote, but the tenacious Vermont senator is blocking her effort to consolidate support.
Why Did Bernie Sanders Put an Obama-Hater on the Democratic Platform Committee? -- Tapping Cornel West raises this and other questions.
Come on, Bernie, Time to Level With Your Dreamers
American elections ranked worst among Western democracies  heres why
Hillary Clintons claim that the highest per capita number of crime guns in New York come from Vermont
Military Historian Agrees with Bernie Sanders: Hillary Clinton is an Unreconstructed Hawk
Hedge Funds are Part of a Tricky Money Maneuver to Put Hillary in the White House
Hillary's Disingenuous Claim That She's Won 2.5 Million More Votes is Bogus. Here's why
Im still cheering Bernie on, Elizabeth Warren says
Sanders is wrong about the lawsuit we filed after our sons murder in Newtown: This case is about a particular gun, the AR-15, and its sale to a particular market: civilians.
Bernie Sanders Sweeps Online Polls After Dominating Sixth Democratic Debate
One of biggest Republican hawks explains why he'd vote for Hillary Clinton over Trump
Had Bernie been Bernadette  The heartbreaking truth about American patriarchy
whatever happens today will happen, but I feel very sure of one thing
Bernies Revolution Hits a Wall: The movement will only matter if it figures out how to change gears, fast. Can it?
For a group that espouses party unity, Hillary supporters on this sub are extremely antagonistic
Hillary Clinton has won the Democratic presidential primary in South Carolina. She won the overwhelming support of black voters on her way to a commanding victory over Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders.
The Party's Over: Good Democrats Don't Follow the DNC
The Rules of Politics Have Changed. The only thing keeping Hillary alive right now is the large faction of Democrats who prefer Bernie's platform but think Hillary is more electable.
Can Bernie Sanders win the black Democratic vote? Hes got a long way to go
Madeleine Albright Slams Sanders on Foreign Policy While Supporting Clinton
We asked 6 political scientists if Bernie Sanders would have a shot in a general election
Why Bernie Sanders Can't Govern: Hillary Clintons realistic attitude is the only thing that can effect change in todays political climate.
Clintons White House dream lives despite Bernie surge
Hillarys Corporate Democrats Taking Down Bernie Sanders
The Endorsement Primary: Clinton: 258, Sanders: 2, O'Malley: 1
I Thought Sanders Was Bad for Black People. These Women Changed My Mind.
Bernie Sanders' Campaign Is Concerned About the 'Berniebro,' As They Maybe Should Be
Clinton Leads Sanders By 8 Points In Latest Iowa Poll
Why Precisely Is Bernie Sanders Against Reparations? -- The Vermont senators political imagination is active against plutocracy, but why is it so limited against white supremacy?
Former Attorney General Eric Holder took a veiled shot at Bernie Sanders Sunday, urging worshipers at Mother Emanuel AME Church in Charleston to hold politicians who have stood against gun reform accountable at the ballot box.
Hillary Clinton is in trouble. Keep an eye on Bernie Sanders
Why This Socialist Feminist Is Not Voting for Hillary
DNC CEO says Sanders staffer tried to delete notes from data breach
Sadly for Bernie, the CWA nod likely comes too late to matter much. Hillary Clinton has already collected endorsements from unions representing more than 10 million of the 14.6 million union members in the U.S. That gives her plenty of ground support in the early primary and caucus states.
Half of Hillary Clintons Speaking Fees Came From Groups Also Lobbying Congress
Dear Bernie Sanders: Black votes matter -- The candidate from Vermont seemed dismissive of Dixie. That didnt go over well.
Hillary is sick of the left: Why Bernies persistence is a powerful reminder of Clintons troubling centrism
Millennials Like Socialism  Until They Get Jobs. Or Until a Pollster Tells Them That It Would Mean Tax Increases But Doesnt Tell Them, for Example, That the Tax Increases Would Replace Healthcare Insurance Premiums and Out-Of-Pocket Medical Expenses...
Before Her Assassination, Berta Cceres Singled Out Hillary Clinton for Backing Honduran Coup
When Hillary Clinton Killed Feminism
Hillary Clinton is Leading in Almost Every State!
Did Bernie Sanders take $200,000 from Wall Street?
Bernie Is No Dream Candidate for Immigrants: His record on immigration issues isn't a good one.
Why Bernie's Surging - He's offering us a goal to shoot for, while Clinton's focusing not on the goal but the goalies -- Republicans, gridlock, the political process.
The Beginning of the End of Hillary?
Winners and losers in the third Democratic presidential debate: "The former Secretary of State was the only one on stage Saturday night who looked like she could step into the presidency tomorrow. Her knowledge on foreign policy ... was significantly greater than her rivals, and it showed"
Trump Emails Hacked: Grandma Forwards And Daddy-Daughter Porn Found
The Bernie Bros are out in full force harassing female reporters: The latest ugly episode.
Hillary Clinton will almost certainly clinch the Democratic nomination on June 7
Bernie Sanders employs online trolls via Revolution Messaging.
Enough with the Hillary cult: Her admirers ignore reality, dream of worshipping a queen
Bernie Sanders tired of Clinton campaigns negativity
HYPOCRISY WATCH: When Bernie Sanders, Conventional Politician, Called for Still More Mass Incarceration
The Real Reason Its Hard to Take Bernie Sanders Seriously on Wall Street Reform
NYC Latina Pols Blast Bernie Sanders as an Ally of Anti-Immigrant Right Wing
Rant
Sanders has gotten nastier. Does it help explain his staying power?
Garry Kasparov: Hey, Bernie, Dont Lecture Me About Socialism. I Lived Through It.
Neocons for Hillary: why some conservatives think Trump threatens democracy itself
How Bernie Sanders Helped America's Most Exploited Workers When No One Else Listened
Hillary Clinton Isn't Interested In Getting Money Out Of Politics.
Hillary Clinton Thunders to Big Win in South Carolina
Hillarys State Department Pressured Haiti Not To Raise Minimum Wage to $.61 An Hour
I Worked on Wall Street - Here's Why I'm Skeptical Hillary Clinton Will Rein It In
Bernies Army of Coders - Inside the DIY volunteer tech movement helping drive the insurgent campaign
Bernie Backs Trillion Dollar Weapons System that Could Provide Ten Years of Free College Tuition: "[He has been
Bernie Sanders Can Help Revitalize the US Labor Movement
Sanders vs Clinton on Climate Change
I'm glad Sanders won New Hampshire, but I want Hillary Clinton to be president
Clinton Ends Debate Saying Shes no Single-Issue Candidate
Clinton's Surrogates Are Banking on the Gun Issue to Win Over Black Voters Sanders "only really started talking about issues concerning African Americans in the past 40 days."
Why Did Bernie Sanders Sponsor a Bill to Dump Nuclear Waste On a Low-Income Latino Community?
J.J. Abrams: Why Im Supporting Hillary Clinton for President
Why Im supporting Clinton over Sanders: Liberals dont need a savior, but someone who can actually get things done in Washington
Sanders workers are masquerading as Culinary members to campaign inside hotels
An Elaborate Hillary Clinton Facebook Conspiracy With Coordinated Attacks and Porn? No, Just a Glitch
Polls Say Bernie Is More Electable Than Hillary. Dont Believe Them. -- What they really show is a candidate who hasnt been attacked.
Is Hillary losing the womens vote? Nope. Heres how the gender gap really works.
Americans Don't Know What Single Payer Means: And when they find out, they dont like it.
Clinton has NEVER been a leader against Wall Street -- 5 reasons her answer last night was obscene
More Reason to Doubt Claim That Sanders Won Hispanic Vote in Nevada
Vermonts Black Leaders: We Were Invisible to Bernie Sanders; Hes paying attention to the concerns of black America now, as a presidential candidate. Back when he represented Vermont? Not so much, local activists say.
Clintons lead over Trump may be bigger than you think: Let's keep focused on what the numbers are really telling us, rather than quaking in terror.
The Daily 202: Liberal allies turning on Bernie Sanders after Nevada donnybrook
Clinton is a progressive warrior. Sanders is a progressive worrier. Discuss.
New Georgia Democratic Primary Poll: Clinton - 68%, Sanders - 22%
The Nordic Obsession: Bernie's "Democratic Socialism" Has a White-Only Sign
9 things Bernie Sanders shouldve known about but didnt in that Daily News interview
Clinton Attracting Many More Small Donors: "Since the beginning of the year, Hillary Clinton has seen increased contributions from donors giving less than $200 to her campaign, thanks in part ... to a dramatic increase in people giving online"
The AP Announcing Clinton's "Victory" Was an Embarrassment to Journalism and U.S. Politics
Heres What Bernie Sanders Didnt Tell His Crowd About Gay Marriage
Democrats Cant Unite Unless Wasserman Schultz Goes! - "The Democratic National Committee chair has thrown fuel on the flames of infighting just as the party faces a critical November election."
Rachel Maddow Blows Bernie Sanders Contested Convention Logic To Smithereens: Rachel Maddow took apart Bernie Sanders' logic for contesting the Democratic convention and revealed his logic behind contesting the Democratic convention is not based in reality.
Sick of Bernie bros? There's a subreddit with your name on it
Sanders supporters suffer through stages of grief
Bernie Sanders is ill-prepared
Hillary Clinton Just Insulted Young Voters in the Worst Way (VIDEO)
Berniecrats Commit To Supporting Candidates Who Already Feel The Bern, Provide Growing List Of Sanders-Endorsing Politicians
Hillary Clinton is fundamentally honest and trustworthy.
Bernie Sanders Has Already Won In A Way, Despite The Math
Hillary Clinton made a mistake at Nancy Reagan's funeral. Here's why her LGBT supporters forgave her
Bernie Sanders Scored Victories for Years via Legislative Side Doors
Public's Disgust With the Democratic Party Propels Sanders
"But He Marched With King!": A Critical Examination of Bernie Sanders' History With Civil Rights
In South Carolina, Hillary Clinton Looks to Win, and Win Big
Bernie Sanders Among 5 U.S. Senators Contesting Charter Merger with Time Warner Cable
Watch Hillary comfort a little girl who fears her parents deportation
Hillary Clinton, With Little Notice, Vows to Embrace an Extremist Agenda on Israel
Bush Bailout Chief Channels Bernie Sanders Call To Break Up Big Banks
As we slide ever deeper into the abyss of inequality, it is beginning to dawn on us that sinking the New Deal consensus wasnt the best idea after all
Hillary Clinton Is Not Electable
On coldest night of 2016, Birmingham's homeless warming station used for Sanders rally
Hillary Clinton is more right wing than you think: For progressives, a vote for her over Bernie Sanders is a waste
Why Bernie Sanders is the Most Electable Democrat
Sanders to DNC: Remove Barney Frank
The System Isnt Rigged Against Sanders: Clintons winning because more Democrats want her to be the nominee.
President Obama: Grumpy Bernie Saying Whatever He Thinks Will Get Some Votes
Bernie Sanders and ... Bill O'Reilly? ... really want a debate on Fox News By kos
You Say You Want A Revolution? -- Nice Grandpa Bernie Sanders Gonna BURN YOUR SH*T DOWWWWWN
Bernies Bad End: Time for an intervention?
Bernie Sanders Would Increase the Government by 40%
Bernie Sanders Whiffs Badly on Another Big Foreign Policy Issue
Clinton tightens grip on New York: On Hillary Clinton's home turf, there are few signs that Bernie Sanders is poised for a major upset next week.
Why women should vote for women
Nothing Bill Clinton Said To Defend His Welfare Reform Is True
Parents of Aurora victim slam Sanders over gun bill support
Democrats to Sanders: Time to wind it down
Clintonites: How we beat Bernie on trade
Democrats defeat DARK Act in Senate: "would have stripped states of their right to impose GMO labeling"
Mothers of slain men knock Sanders for 'ghetto' comment
Bernie Sanders Just Won Three of His Biggest Endorsements in a Long Campaign: As pundits rush to declare the race over, Robert Reich, Tulsi Gabbard, and Alan Grayson say, Not so fast.
Why Colorado Democrats should choose Hillary Clinton
White House comments on Bernie Sanders & Obama Legacy
Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton Are More Alike Than You Think
Is Hillary campaigning for Barrack Obama or herself?
Hillary Clinton gets Backing From Congressional Black Caucus
FBI confirms Clinton probe
Does Foreign Policy Experience Matter In A Bernie Sanders Candidacy?
When Bernie Sanders Ran Against Me in Vermont
Hillary Clinton hangs tough in New Hampshire debate
State Department: Powell, Rice staffers received classified info via personal email
So That's a Wrap (of the town hall)
Astrid Silva: I stand with Hillary because she stands with immigrant families
Iowas Black Caucusgoers: On the policy front, many simply found Sanderss policies unrealistically ambitious, an over-promising of giveaways.
The three delusions driving the Cruz and Sanders campaigns
America is not automatically going to be "alright" no matter who we choose as President - this is really important! I (a passionate Bernie fan) would like to offer a couple reasons that Bernie might be more electable in the general election, for your consideration.
Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York, a Distinct Sight in Iowa, Rallies the Clinton Troops
Chris Matthews: There Really Is a Vast Right-Wing Conspiracy Against Hillary
Video Surfaces of Hillary Clinton Blaming Homeowners for Financial Crisis
One woman climate killer: "How Hillary Clinton's State Department Sold Fracking to the World"
Lena Dunham, Abby Wambach to campaign for Clinton
'He Tied Plaintiff To A Bed': SICKENING Details Emerge From Trump Rape Case (DOCUMENTS)
LOSING THE BERN
AP declares Hillary Clinton the presumptive democratic nominee!
Too Easy: How Republicans Would Tear Apart an Unvetted Bernie Sanders in the General Election
Bernie Sanders Refuses to Sign Autograph For Young Supporter
Be nice to Hillary Clinton online  or risk a confrontation with her super PAC
Independents may feel the Bern, but they cant vote in New Yorks closed primary: Now, the Sanders campaign is pre- spinning a possible loss here by criticizing that rule.
Hillary Clinton's offensively false claim about Bernie Sanders and gun-industry 'immunity'
First Wisconsin super delegate sides with Bernie Sanders
Bernie Sanders Campaign Manager Lies About Hillary to Deflect Gun Control Criticism
Sanders Defeats Clinton in Primaries - Hillary spends primary night at NY fundraiser hosted by former AIPAC VP
Democrats Ten Point Plan to Lose the Election
Hillary is holding her own with the 99%: "According to exit polling, a majority of working-class voters in battleground states prefer Clinton."
Clinton aide: Sanders' demand a 'public stunt'
Bernie Sanders Can Win All Remaining Contests and Still Lose Nomination
Why Hillary Hate Hurts Us All
Debbie Wasserman Schultz Strikes Again
Bernie Sanders: A higher loyalty
The shameful Bernie race smear: Hillary supporters have played a dirty, dangerous game
Truth Be Told: An In-Depth Character Analysis of Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders
For the Record: Sanders wins headlines, Clinton wins delegates - "Bernie Sanders pulled off a narrow upset in Michigan ... but somehow, Hillary Clinton still had a better night"
Bernies idealism is his greatest virtue: America needs dreamers  and now more than ever
Superdelegates a corrupt tool designed to elect party establishment candidates like Hillary Clinton
Bernie Sanders endorsed by former Michigan senator who blasts Clinton
Bernie Sanders Radical Past: In a general election, the attack ads would write themselves.
Superdelegate letting you choose who he will pledge for
"Americans havent had a raise in 15 years."  Hillary Clinton on Thursday, February 11th, 2016 in a Democratic presidential debate in Milwaukee
In Iowa, Hillary Shows Shes Learned Something About Running While Female: It may work for Bernie, but no one likes a woman who yells loudly about revolution.
Bernie Sanders still has a non-white voter problem
Should Millennials Get Over Bernie Sanders?
Sorry, Bernie: A tie in Iowa is still a win for Hillary
Clinton Has 8-Point Lead In New Iowa Poll
From Hillary Clinton, a Single Message Told Across the Decades
Make no mistake: Obama just tried to undercut Bernie Sanders
The Case Against Bernie Sanders: "The despairing vision he paints of contemporary America is oversimplified."
False - Hillary Clinton: 'We now have driven [healthcare
Face It: A Vote for Hillary Clinton Is a Vote for War
Bernie Sanders defeated Hillary Clinton in last debate and achieved victory over DNC
Hillary Clinton Presidency Would Fuel the War Machine
Hillary Clinton sounds like shes already running in the general election
Did Hillary Clinton win primaries in the South because its more conservative? -- Assessing the validity of Bernie Sanders's favorite claim.
Why Hillarys experience argument actually does check out
Why Hasn't Bernie Sanders Released His Tax Returns?
Sorry, Bernie supporters. Your candidate is not currently winning the Democratic primary race -- Rebutting a bad theory from a Huffington Post blogger.
Robert Reich Responds to Bernie Skeptics
Yes, the Tone of the Sanders Campaign Matters, and Yes, Its Too Ugly
Senator Bernie Sanders said Hillary Clinton has received significant contributions from the fossil fuel industry. -- Not that much.
Sorry, Hillary, but were done: Keep repeating racist myths and praising Kissinger and the Reagans. Im switching to Bernie Sanders
Poll: Clinton Has Overwhelming Lead In South Carolina
I can't wait for Hillary to be President! "She is a fighter and I cant wait to see her take it to the GOP as Madam President!"
This Bernie Sanders statement on the Nevada convention reads like an open threat to the Democratic establishment
Uncovering the Bad Math (or Logic) of an Economic Analysis Embraced by Bernie Sanders
Why Democrats Should Beware Sanders Socialism: Hes a socialist, not a liberaland theres a big difference.
TIL that as a Senator, Bernie Sanders had only 2 bills that he introduced or co-sponsored become laws
Hillary Clinton correct that Bernie Sanders flip-flopped on liability for gun makers, sellers
Clinton campaign manager: Russians leaked Democrats emails to help Donald Trump
Bernie or bust? The lessons of 1968
Its Obscene That No One Calls Bernie Sanders on His FEC Troubles: Democrats are not prone to demean a fellow Democrats character and it is an inclination many Democrats wish Senator Sanders would embrace.
Do What You Want: An Open Letter to the Bernie or Bust Movement on Behalf of the Democratic Party
CNN Commentator on Hillarys High Unfavorables: A Lot of This is Sexism
Mothers of Black Victims Emerge as a Force for Hillary Clinton: Women whose children died in clashes with the police or gun violence have blanketed the country with Mrs. Clinton, whose campaign has paid their travel expenses.
Sanders Was Wrong: Panama Trade Deal Shut Down Tax Shelters
Clinton slams Sanders's 'unimaginable' position on guns
Bernie Sanders praises California, New York for raising minimum wage to $15 an hour
Bernie Sanders Is The Only Presidential Candidate Who Supports $15/Hour Minimum Wage
Sanders: Wins in Wis., NY would put campaign 'on our way' to WH
Hillary Clintons Hack Supporters Have Skin in the Game. Bernie Sanderss Dreamers? Not So Much. Some have the privilege of voting their dreams. The rest of us vote to defend what weve got.
Filmmaker Josh Fox to Hillary Clinton: Be Real About Fracking and Climate Change
Senior brigade giving Team Clinton strength
Stop Pitching Elizabeth Warren For VP, Heres Who Hillary Should Pick
Why Bernie Sanderss Win in Michigan Is Huge:  The results prove its far too early to declare the nomination contest over.
Hey Senator Sanders, the Rationale for Your Campaign Just Died. What's Next?
Super Tuesday: Can Hillary Clinton Deal a Fatal Blow to Bernie Sanders?
Hillary Clintons South Carolina Salvation
The Trump-Sanders Fantasy
Neither side was quite right on that Dolores Huerta English-only shout-down: And no amount of Sanders voter bile, Snopes.com posts or celebrity counter-claims is going to change that.
What About Sierra Blanca, Bernie?': From the Rio Grande to Reparations
"What About Sierra Blanca, Bernie?" From Radioactive Waste on the Rio Grande to Reparations
Count Me Out of a Movement That Steamrollers Hillary, Gloria Steinem and Planned Parenthood: "Ive been fighting for progressive causes longer than many young Bernie supporters have been walking and if this movement is going to leave the detritus of feminist heroes in its wake, COUNT ME OUT."
BREAKING: Hillary Clinton wins Democratic caucuses in Iowa.
Hillary Clinton was right on Egypt
Editorial: Clinton is Democrats best choice
Poll: Clinton has a better shot at beating Trump than Sanders
Hillary Clintons latest attack on Bernie Sanders shows shes a rotten candidate
Bernie Sanders Falls Behind in a Race Centered on Security
Hillary Clinton's solution to the charter school crisis is what exactly? She seems to be saying that charter schools have major problems, but the best way to fix them is to redouble our belief in this flawed and failing system.
Hillary Clinton just clinched the Democratic nomination a day early, per AP
Nate Silver on Twitter: "My favorite part of Sanderss underwear-gnomes strategy to flip superdelegates is how Clinton's voters are magically totally chill with it. "Welp, she got 55% of the vote and the clear majority of elected delegates, but let's give it to the 74-year-old white guy!"."
CNN Just Got Called Out for Manipulating Bernie Sanders' NY Daily News Interview
Hillary Clinton And Donald Trump Look Strong In Super Tuesday Polls
Theres a strong feminist case for Hillary Clinton: She is the only candidate who could take the ultimate executive position and turn it from feminist goal into reality
The ugly history of Luegenpresse, a Nazi slur shouted at a Trump rally: The consequences of that rhetoric were horrifying.
Cenk Uygur to Sanders Supporters: Barbara Boxer Deserved To Be Booed -- It Is Time To Get Louder
Bernie Sanders is a socialist? Some on the far left say 'sellout' is more like it
A cautionary tale of two narcissists: Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump
Bernie is for superdelegates, after he was against them By kos
Mainstream Media Gets Schooled On Why Millennial Sanders Supporters Will Vote For Clinton: The media got a taste of reality as they were forced to face the truth that millennial Bernie Sanders supporters care about the issues and will support Hillary Clinton over Donald Trump.
The Train Wreck Is Headed to California: Bernie Sanders is running the worst train wreck of a campaign I have ever witnessed.
Sanders says he has lost primaries to Clinton because poor people dont vote
Bernie Sanders' awkward Vatican junket
Legendary progressive activist Tom Hayden: I used to support Bernie  but then I changed my mind
Clinton: 'Sanders has had trouble answering questions' in New York
Hillary Clinton under fire for participating in racially charged joke.
Big Union Leaders Betray Sanders and Workers
Sanderss claim that Panama Free-Trade deal enabled more offshore tax scams -- Three Pinocchios
NY Daily News Claims FDR Unfit to Be President: "No Concrete Plans, Only Platitudes"
Bernie Sanders Takes Heat for New York Daily: Mark Halperin and John Heilemann discuss Bernie Sanders tough interview with the editorial board of the New York Daily News on With All Due Respect.
MaryAlice Parks on Twitter: "Sanders says his campaign is listening to women. Green Bay crowd cheers. Sanders adds: "Hard not to listen to women they are very loud.""
Bernie or Bust Is Bonkers: Elections are not always between a dream candidate and a dreaded one. Sometimes theyre between common sense and catastrophe.
No, Hillary Clinton didnt commit voter fraud in Arizona
Sanders picks up more superdelegates
Time to Transform Bernies's Campaign Into a Permanent Organization
A focus on terrorism may help Trump in the primary. In the general, though, Clinton is stronger.
The Only Presidential Candidate that Makes Indian Country a Priority: Native People Feeling the Bern
Wall Street Veteran Asher Edelman Explains Why He's Supporting Bernie
Sanders had big ideas but little impact on Capitol Hill: Democrats who worked with the Vermont senator say he contributed to the debate, but rarely forged actual legislation or left a significant imprint on it.
How Bernie Sanders stepped in it on Fidel Castro and Cuba
Hacker who uncovered Clinton's emails, extradited to U.S.
Hillary Clinton, Who Used to Sell Fracking Around the World, Denounces Fracking at Debate
Big Campaign Cash for Hillary Clinton from Monsanto Lobbyist
Sorry, Dreamers: Its Time to Say Goodbye to Bernie Sanders
"I am trying to change the face of American politics"
Bernies political funeral may be premature  and Hillary supporters should be careful what they wish for
Bernie Sanders Draws Line in Nevada Desert: Vows to "Ban All Fossil Fuel Extraction From Public Land"
Hit Piece on Bernie Sanders Proposals Relies on Pro-Clinton Economists Mislabeled as 'Leftists'
Bernie Sanders Takes Out the Billionaires and Citizens United in Nevada Concession Speech - vows that the billionaires will not be allowed to buy elections
Hillary Clinton Defends Call To Deport Child Migrants
Do super delegates rig the Democratic primaries in Hillary Clintons favour?
State Sen. Vincent Fort, the No. 2 Democrat in the Georgia Senate, flipped his endorsement on Tuesday from Hillary Clinton to Bernie Sanders.
Paul Krugman Confronts His Bernie Bro Critics: The Nobel Laureate says Bernies angry white males are baying for his head with the kind of vitriol he usually gets from Rush Limbaugh listeners.
Hillary Clinton finally found her argument against Bernie Sanders
Hillary Hits Back at Sanders on Foreign Policy: We Have Yet to Know Whos Advising You
Bill Clinton brutally takes down Bernie Sanders
Bernie Sanders Accepted a $10,000 Donation from Hillary PAC
Hillary Clinton: "There really isnt any kind of foreign policy network that is supporting and advising Sen. Sanders."
Hillary Clinton will travel to Flint, Michigan this Sunday
Bernie Sanders Did 4 Points Better Than The Iowa Polls Predicted: the 'gold standard' of polling aggregates, Nate Silver's FiveThirtyEight had Bernie down by 4.5
Chomsky: I'd 'absolutely' vote for Hillary Clinton
Bernie Sanders' Single-Payer Health Care Plan Would Increase Federal Spending By At Least $28 Trillion
Why I support Hillary Clinton
HILLARY CLINTON'S FLIP FLOPS
Tell Al Franken D-MN to endorse Bernie! Only 89 more people until we get to 1500!
No longer pretending to be objective, NYT turns 3rd debate into The Hillary Clinton Show
Clinton Lead Over Trump Would Grow Without Sanders in The Race
Sanders supporters melt down over FBI's Clinton decision
Why Bernie Sanders Enrages Democratic Leaders, In One Sentence
What Bernie Sanders needs to do now: His campaign made a difference; now he needs to lead supporters to Hillary Clintons camp.
Yair Rosenberg on Twitter: "Kind of amazing that Sanders leaves Obama out of this tweet. That takes real chutzpah."
From Bernie Sanders Supporters, Death Threats Over Delegates: The senators supporters were incensed at a state convention they believe epitomized a rigged political system, with some threatening officials online.
All is not lost for the Bernie revolution: The Sanders campaign is using its leverage to shape the Democrats platform
Why Bernie Sanders is Actually Winning
Bernie Sanders made less in 2014 than Hillary did for one paid speech to Wall St.
Bernie Sanders' secret weapon in New York
Winners and losers of the night: Hillary Clinton didnt knock Sen. Bernie Sanders out, but she won on some points and effectively answered his criticism of her judgment on the war in Iraq.
Bernie Sanders Endorses Three Women House Candidates
Why I'm voting for Bernie Sanders.
The Democratic Base is About to Erupt.
What Martin Luther King, Jr. can teach us about the Panama Papers: With the corruption of the global elite laid bare for all to see, King's Marxist doctrine feels as urgent as ever
Family of gun violence victims protest Bernie Sanders in New York City
Bernie Sanders says 'yes' I would apologize for slavery and I'd make reparations by investing in low-income communities
Clinton: Trump win would be like Christmas for the Kremlin
Sanders won't say whether pledged delegate leader should be nominee
I really do miss the other democratic candidates (Webb,Chafee,O'Malley,Lessig)
Bernie Sanders Sees Michigan Win as a Springboard to the Nomination
Bernie Sanders Is Right to Trash the Ex-Im Bank
The Democratic debate in three minutes: Hillary Clinton dominates in Miami  video
Hilary Clinton debate tonight: Sanders "stood with" and "supported" the Minutemen.
Bernie Sanders picks up Detroit endorsements
Hillary Clinton should make Elizabeth Warren her running mate
Devil's Advocate Question: Why SHOULDN'T I Vote For Sanders?
Hillary Clinton Has Already Forgotten About Bernie Sanders
Exit poll: Black share of South Carolina Democratic primary increases over 2008 -- In 2008, 55% of voters were black, but now African Americans made up more than six in 10 voters
Poll shows Clinton with a huge lead over Sanders in Florida
MSNBC's Chris Matthews Openly Calls for Rigging the Elections
Hillary Clinton's 'artful smear' an artful dodge
Wal-Mart's First Lady
Bernie Sanders Vows to Protect Organic Farming, Calls Out Monsanto As Presidential Campaign Heats Up
Arkansas legislative black caucus members endorse Clinton
In South Carolina, Young Black Voters Could Put Holes In Clinton's Firewall
Granholm: "Clinton Campaign Is Saying Not Any Woman, We Wouldn't Say Vote For Sarah Palin"
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders: A New America Trailer
Hillary Clintons Populist Charade
Ahead of Nevada caucuses, Clinton goes up with first Spanish-language ads
Hillary Clinton Losing Her National Lead Over Bernie Sanders, Poll Shows
Single Payer Is Not the Progressive Health Care Goal
Want Endless War? Love the U.S. Empire? Well, Hillary Clintons Your Choice
Hillary Clinton Narrowly Defeats Bernie Sanders in Iowa Democratic Caucuses
Gabby Giffordss poignant last-minute push for Hillary Clinton: "Sanders has voted against mandatory background checks for gun purchases"
2016 Iowa Democratic Presidential Caucus - Sanders 49%, Clinton 46% (Quinnipiac 1/25-1/31)
Some in Iowa Surprised by Hillary Clintons Ease With Faith
Hillary Clintons Crucible
Clinton Holds 22-Point Lead In New National Poll
Cory Booker makes a forceful debut with Hillary Clinton on the campaign trail in Iowa
FiveThirtyEight: The Des Moines Registers Endorsements Of Hillary Clinton And Marco Rubio Arent Game Changers
Senator Jeanne Shaheen: Sanders Couldnt Have Faced the Benghazi Committee Like Hillary Did
Bernie Sanders goes negative with Goldman Sachs, Iraq jabs
Clinton wins backing of Human Rights Campaign
Bernie Sanders Attacks Hillary Clinton's Ties to Big Banks - and she shifts the attention to Obama
That time Bernie Sanders voted for Bill Clinton's plan to loosen regulation on Wall Street
Clinton Says She's 'Delighted' Sanders 'Flip-Flopped' On Guns
Bernie Sanders Hints Elizabeth Warren as Vice President
15 things Bernie Sanders said about Wall Street, and whether they make any sense
Debbie Wasserman Schultz Blames Voters for Failures of Democratic Party
Why Progressives Vote Against Their Interests When Choosing Hillary Clinton Over Bernie Sanders
Mika: Is the DNC rotten to the core?
Thumb on the Scale? DNC Backs Off Bernie But Questions of Neutrality Linger
Can someone please explain why the "Media" is saying Clinton is still dominating Sanders?
Bernie Loses His Halo: Even progressives are criticizing him now after hes shown a harder edge.
Get Control, Senator Sanders, Or Get Out
Clinton: It's 'Beyond Absurd' For Sanders' Top Aide To Blame Me For ISIL
Bernie Will Hurt The Party if He Keeps Going After Hillary
Get Off My Lawn, Bernie Kids! Why Im Voting for Hillary Clinton
Message to Millennials: Bernie Sanders Is Intellectually Consistent, Not Intellectually Honest
When Bernie Sanders voted to strip funding for gun research
Top Hispanic Democrat endorses Hillary Clinton
King: Amazing archival video appears to show the arrest of a young Bernie Sanders as a student activist in Chicago.
Why Im Supporting Hillary Clinton, With Joy and Without Apologies:  Ive come to feel passion for Clinton herself, and for the movement that supports her
Hillary Clinton is leading Bernie Sanders nationwide by a crushing 25-point margin
Hillary Clinton has won every county in South Carolina today.
In South Carolina, Clinton Looks to Run Up the Score on Sanders: Clinton is looking to deliver such an embarrassing defeat to Sanders that its hard for him ever to recover.
Dear Bernie: I Like You, But These Red Flags Are Too Frequent to Ignore
CBS Evening News: Bernie Sanders Misleads Voters on Healthcare Plan
"Senator Sanders campaign is being funded and assisted by more than just one special interest super PAC, and at least one of them is run by Karl Rove."
Sisters: Dont Pin All the Woes of Our Generation on Hillary Clinton
Bernie Sanders is not nearly as progressive as you think he is
Report: Sanders Camp Posed As Union Reps To Reach Vegas Hotel Workers
Bernie Sanders's single-payer plan is almost twice as expensive as he says: "Bernie Sanders's health care plan is underfunded by almost $1.1 trillion a year"
Bernie Sanders' plan to pay for health care falls short by trillions, says one analysis
Bernie Sanders Had No Plan for Losing Nevada
Why Clinton Has the Upper Hand on Super Tuesday and Beyond
Dolores Huerta says she was shouted down with English-only chants from a Sanders crowd
Moderate Democrats helped Wall Street avoid regulation in the '90s. They're doing it again.
Daily Reminder that James Brown, the Greatest Soul Artist of All Time, Was a Republican
No, Bernie Sanders Shouldn't Concede. He Can Still Win, Despite What Media Says.
Hillary Clinton Will Be Nominated Because More Democrats Are Voting For Her
Our View: For president, Hillary Clinton
No, Hillary Clinton Will Not Be Indicted Over Her Emails
Bernie Sanders Doesn't Seem To Understand What Poverty Really Is
Bernie Sanders hosts rally in Brooklyn; tours housing project
Clinton's Image Among Democrats at New Low
Bernie Delcares Voter ID Laws the New Jim Crow, Actual Black People Disagree
Weird How Only CNN Seems to Care That Speaker Called Hillary Whore at Bernie Sanders Rally
Why Sanders Was So Wrong To Call Clinton Not Qualified For The White House
The Panama Papers show something Bernie Sanders gets right about the economy
Arizona: Hillary Clinton has the experience to lead
Tuesday's Results make Clinton's Delegate Lead all but Insurmountable
Michigan's Largest Independent African-American Blog/Podcast Endorses Bernie Sanders for President
Hillarys nomination is inevitable: Bernie has fought the good fight, but after Super Tuesday, the numbers just dont add up for him.
Poll: Clinton leads in Sanders' target state of Massachusetts
Black Lives Matter Activists Interrupt Hillary Clinton At Private Event In South Carolina
With Donald Trump Looming, Should Dems Take a Huge Electability Gamble by Nominating Hillary Clinton?
Democrats are afraid to speak the truth about Hillary: Shes the embodiment of white privilege, while Sanders has earned his success
Hillary Clinton, Corporate America, and the Democrats' Dilemma
Sanders outlined a vision for U.S. conduct on the global stage, arguing that America is at its best when it engages with the rest of the world on an equal footing, and not on the basis of brute force
Sierra Blanca, Bernie Sanders, Paul Wellstone, a Poor Minority Community and a Nuclear Waste Dump
Clinton should withdraw from the presidential race
When did we become the party that rejects facts?
Jake Tapper Confronts Bernie Sanders About Sexist Bernie Bros
In Democratic Debate, Hillary Clinton Paints Bernie Sanderss Plans as Unrealistic
Congressional Black Caucus to endorse Clinton
Clinton Holds Double-Digit Lead Over Sanders In National Tracking Poll
Henry Kissinger, Hillary Clinton's Tutor in War and Peace: Clinton once again praised a man with a lot of blood on his hands
Bernie Sanders Anger Is Smart Politics, Dangerous for the Country
Why Im supporting Sanders over Clinton: This could be the moment to reclaim the Democratic Party and reshape history
Hillary and Bernie: the credibility gap: "Clinton's difficulties don't stem from Sanders' attacks, but are rather a result of her own revealing choices."
It's really not that hard a choice to make.
The General Election Starts Tonight for Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton Just Kicked Trump in the Shins: And showed that shes certainly tough enough for the long haul.
Ezra Klein on Twitter: "In the Dem race, Clinton 1) Leads in polls 2) Leads in pledged delegates 3) Leads in superdelegates This isn't a fix. She's just winning."
Feel the empty seats: Bernie Sanders sees disappointing turnout for Wisconsin rally
Waiting for Clinton: Now is the time for Hillary to break through with her winning case to voters
Bernie Sanders insists he's not a single-issue candidate. But he kind of is.
Anti-Clinton fossil fuel donor smear dismantled nicely by some fact-checking.
Be proud to be a Democrat.
AP Count: Clinton Has Delegates to Win Democratic Nomination
Mostly True: Bernie Sanders says only he supports carbon tax and 'aggressive' approach to climate change
Al Sharpton Calls Out Bernie Campaign Manager: You Didnt Win Black Voters Even In The North
It's Time for Bernie Sanders to Pack Up and Go Home: Let's talk about this huge mess in Nevada over *four* delegates.
Fox News Screws The GOP By Asking The One Question They Dont Want To Answer: Fox News Sunday's Chris Wallace asked Republican chairman Reince Priebus the one question that Republicans don't want to answer and the RNC boss's non-response could have devastating consequences for Republican candidates.
Norman Lear to Hollywood: Help Hillary, ditch Bernie: "It's time and it's sensible, sooner rather than later, to unite behind Hillary lest we and our values be trumped."
Why I Havent Felt The Bern: It's about attitude, not details.
Larry Kramer Responds to Hillary Clintons Reagan AIDS Advocacy Gaffe: I wonder if Hillary had any notion of how hateful what she said is to so many people who were going to support her. For the first time I really questioned whether Im going to vote for her.
New York City Wall Street Protest Planned to Call on Hillary Clinton to Release Transcripts of Goldman Sachs Speeches
What Bernie Does Now: After a bracing defeat, Sanders can only try to leave his imprint on the nominees platformthen leave the stage gracefully.
Bernie Sanders Seems to Have Forgotten a Few of His Votes: That's the problem with his holier-than-thou attitude.
Longstanding Hillary Clinton Ties to Monsanto
Clinton, Trump Now on Parallel Glide Paths to Nomination: Ask not for whom the fat lady sings.
Pollster stands by research showing Hillary Clinton lost Hispanic vote
Comedian Jen Kirkman is retweeting sexist tweets from Bernie Supporters
Redditor Creates What People Are Calling Bernie Sanders Hope Poster
Sanders' Economic Plan Torn Apart By Former Clinton, Obama Economists
The Pragmatic Case for Bernie Sanders
Hillary Clinton out to prove she's got 'more testosterone than the boys'
"Hillary Clintons campaign staff, according to Fast Company, is over 50 percent female. Sanders's campaign began with a a predominantly male inner circle and continues to face accusation of keeping women out of the top ranks"
Equal pay litigant Lilly Ledbetter endorses Clinton
Source: Sanders aide 'threw a fit' over debate's foreign policy focus
WATCH: Pissed Off Joe Biden Rips Trump A New One For Insulting Veterans With PTSD - THE POLITICUS
The case against Donald Trump
Hillary Clinton Is On A Mission To Rebuild The Democratic Party
Sanders, Clinton and, er, President Trump? -- Bernie Sanders and his followers need to consider the candidate who really benefits if they dont stop sniping and start uniting.
Bernie Ends Tonight: Sanders has had every right to stay in the race. Thats all about to change.
Bernie Sanders' campaign isn't about ideas anymore. It's about him.
Sanderss scorched-earth campaign is a gift to Trump: If the Vermont senator isnt careful, he could put the GOP back in the White House.
Amazing--Bernie Sanders still can't tell his most crazed supporters to stop acting like Trump goons by kos
Reid blames Sanders' 'people' for Nevada convention chaos
Fact-Checker Calls Out Bernie Sanders Campaign Manager Lyin Jeff Weaver with context not in Washington Post
Today Is Clintons Chance To End The Groundhog Day Campaign by Nate Silver
Clinton Delegate Lead Down to 194, Even as Dramatic Miscounting of Delegates by Media Continues
Hillary Clinton wanted to regulate Wall Street before the crash, and has concrete plans to do it now
Bernie Sanders released nearly all of his and wife Jane Sanders 2014 tax return Friday night, but that disclosure still remains far from his wifes promise to release complete returns for the last eight years while raising more questions about the candidates judgment.
Sanders unapologetic to victims of gun violence tonight.
Bernie's Allies Sweat Vatican Trip: "Bernie Sanders' decision to leave the campaign trail late Thursday and head to a Vatican City conference later this week still has some allies scratching their heads and wondering whether its the best use of the underdogs limited time"
Cable News Devotes 30 Seconds to Mass Arrests Protesting Political Corruption
Is Hillary's Personal Story About Student Loans a Fabrication?
Bill Clinton Has Always Been This Person | Current Affairs
Five myths about trade: No, America isnt losing  and its workers dont have to.
Youre Going to Lose This Election! Maher Tells GOP to Just Accept Defeat to Hillary
Hillary Clinton is taking credit for the Fight for $15. Here's why this is a betrayal of workers.
Clinton has raised tens of millions to aid in electing Democrats. Sanders? "We'll see."
A Study in Contrasts: How Clinton Sealed the Deal in Her Maddow Interview
Barney Frank Is Not Impressed by Bernie Sanders: Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for 25 years with little to show for it.
The idea that Bernie Sanders has been too negative to debate Hillary Clinton is ridiculous
Bernie's math: Improbable, not impossible
Why did Bernie Sanders dominate Saturday? Caucuses in states with smaller black populations.
New York - Check your Voter Registration! Few friends just checked and their democratic status had been removed or changed to republican or no party affiliation (x-post from /r/SandersForPresident)
Bye bye, Bernie: The Democratic race is all but over -- The delegate math is clear -- even without the superdelegates.
Another Major Union Just Endorsed Bernie Sanders
If Democrats Want Huge Turnout, They'll Nominate Bernie Sanders
Excuse me! Bernie Sanders doesnt know how to talk about black people
Hillary Clinton's Dark Drug War Legacy in Mexico: Her State Department overlooked human rights abuses and corruption while keeping a lucrative flow of contracts moving to U.S. security firms working in Mexico.
Democrats Fret Over Low Voter Turnout In Early Primaries
For president: Kasich, Clinton
My Gen X Hillary problem: I know why we dont like Clinton
Clinton Projects Inevitability After Super Tuesday Wins
Progressives begin shifting focus from supporting Bernie Sanders to beating Donald Trump
Potential indictment of Hillary could be convention wild card
Democrat voters 'feel the Bern' as Bernie Sanders overtakes Hillary Clinton in 3 states
Billionaire-Owned Observer Whines About Democratization of Media and Bernie Sanders in 2016s Worst Op-ed
Clinton, Sanders and the Underrated Power of the Black Voter
Hillary Clintons terrible, horrible, no good, very bad answer on whether shes ever lied
Bernie Sanders, the Foreign-Policy Realist of 2016
Clinton spokesman wrongly says Nevada 'is 80 percent white voters'
Chomsky: Bernie Sanders is a 'Decent, Honest, New-Dealer with the Best Policies' (VIDEO)
Bernie Sanderss attack on reality--"the next president must have a strong sense of practicality and realism; big rallies cannot wish away the complex politics of Congress"
Bernie Sanders needs to get serious on foriegn policy
The Clinton-backed 1994 crime law had many flaws. But it didn't create mass incarceration.
Bernie Sanders Intrigues a South Carolina Town That Loves Hillary Clinton
Clinton surrogates knock Sanders' record on race
Bernie Sanders Agenda Is Not Only Realistic, It Is Absolutely Necessary
Says Bernie Sanders advocated putting "Iranian troops into Syria to try and resolve the conflict there. Putting them right on the doorstep of Israel."  Hillary Clinton on Thursday, February 4th, 2016 in the Democratic debate in Durham, N.H.
No, Hillary Did Not Commit A Crime. . . At Least Based On What We Know Today
Bernie Sanders Needs More Than The Tie He Got In Iowa
Sanders, Clinton, & a Democratic House Divided - Iowa Democrats were split down the middle, but the caucuses showed that Sanders is winning the battle of ideas & moving the party to the left.
BREAKING: Hillary Clinton is the apparent winner of the Democratic Iowa Caucus
Why Do So Many Millennials #FeeltheBern?
Surging Bernie Sanders predicts victory in Iowa caucuses, while fading Hillary Clinton remains cautious
Hillary Clinton Criticizes Bernie Sanders and Ted Cruz on Healthcare
Hillary Clinton's email defense just hit a major bump in the road
Bernie Sanders Trumpets Iowa Papers Praise. Unsaid? It Endorsed Hillary Clinton
I have had it with naive Bernie Sanders idealists
Potential running mate to campaign for Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire: Julin Castro
Why Clinton should not be the Democratic nominee for President of the United States
Clinton vows to win nomination to keep Bloomberg out of race
You Didnt Answer the Question: Todd Confronts Sanders Over Opposition to Reparations
Bernie Sanders: 'We're taking on the political establishment' ... like Planned Parenthood? --Thats  unfortunate language from Sanders.
Does Bernie Sanders actually want to be president?
"Very little of (the defense) budget  less than 10 percent  actually goes into fighting ISIS and international terrorism."  Bernie Sanders on Sunday, January 17th, 2016 in comments during the South Carolina Democratic presidential debate
Who needs a Hillary campaign sticker when you have a leg tattoo?
Planned Parenthood endorsed Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton here Sunday, marking the group's first backing of a primary candidate in its 100-year history.
Hillary Clinton Made More in 12 Speeches to Big Banks Than Most of Us Earn in a Lifetime
The DNC Proves That It Has An Agenda By Using VoteBuilder Demographic Data As A Weapon Against Sanders Campaign
Edward Snowden: Hillary Clinton's Call for a 'Manhattan-Like Project' Is Terrifying - Clinton's Big Brotherish proposal at Saturday's Democratic debate was both troubling and vague
As Gay Rights Ally, Bernie Sanders Wasnt Always in Vanguard
SEIU Endorses Hillary Clinton
Was Bernie Sanders sexist toward Hillary Clinton? Thats asking the wrong question. Clinton didn't say or imply that Bernie intentionally slighted her based on her gender. She did imply that her gender made him see her differently, and that many women have this same experience all the time.
Holy Crap, Tim Kaine Just Killed It In His First Speech With Clinton: He spoke Spanish to the cheering crowds and delivered a healthy dose of humility in a diseased election year. In other words, Tim Kaine just took America by storm.
Republicans Tremble As Hillary Clinton Reveals What Bills Job Will Be In Her White House: Hillary Clinton told an audience in Kentucky that she is planning on pulling former President Bill Clinton out of retirement to lend a hand in revitalizing the economy.
Harvard Study Confirms The Media Tore Down Clinton, Built Up Trump And Sanders
The problem isn't Bernie Sanders' supporters. It's Bernie Sanders himself by kos
Sanders Is Getting Away With Murder
At rallies, Hillary Clintons supporters are looking for logic, not passion
Follow the Money: How Bernie Sanders' Campaign is One Giant Con on the American People
Bernie Sanders Is Currently Winning the Democratic Primary Race, and Ill Prove It to You
Clinton Collects More from CEOs than All Candidates
Bernie Sanders' campaign to clarify misleading fundraising email
Did Hillary Clinton Just Finish Bernie Sanders Off? -- Not quitebut close. Heres what Hillary still needs to do after her big Nevada win.
Bernie Sanders' Scandinavian Utopia Is An Illusion
Morgan Freeman cuts ad for Hillary Clinton
Politifact: Bernie Sanders says he polls better against GOP candidates than Hillary Clinton: "The statement is not accurate, so we rate it False."
Email Scandal Crushed As FBI Finds No Evidence Clinton Broke The Law With Private Email: US officials who have been briefed on the investigation say that the FBI has found no evidence that Hillary Clinton broke the law with her private email server.
Huma Abedin Worked At A Radical Muslim Journal for 10 Years
Bernie Supporter Told Debbie Wasserman Schultz to F*ck Off Along With Your Bitch Hillary in Email
Bernie Sanders Took A Giant Dump On Ideas Like The EU's Schengen Agreement. Because He's Ignorant About European Affairs.
Sanders loses convention leverage: Bernie's summer was supposed to be about strengthening his hand for the Democratic convention. But since the California primary, his position has gotten weaker.
How Bernie Sanders Exposed the Democrats Racial Rift: The socialists revolution never interested most minority voters. And his adopted party seems oblivious.
Sanders to DNC: Remove Clinton backers from platform committee
We Need to Fix Our Broken Election System
Poll: Democrats want Sanders to stay in through the convention
In Voter Support, Clinton is the New Obama
Weaver: Fundraiser didn't benefit down ballot candidates
Did Bernie Sanders Lie About Hillary Clinton's Oil Money? NPR Factchecker Cant Be Bothered to Check
Bernie Sanders Just Scored a Powerful Endorsement in NYC
Watch CNN Reporter Feed Bernie Sanders Attack Lines Against Hillary
Bernie Sanders Embraces Union Struggles and Welcomes the Contempt of CEOs
Poll: Who won Thursday's Democratic presidential debate?
Jane Sanders Expresses Concern Over Closed New York Primary: It's 'Silly'
A Contested Democratic Convention Is Now A Near Statistical Certainty
Paul Y. Song, MD Physician, Executive Chairman of the Courage Campaign: 'The truth is that as long as we remain in denial and continue to protect the status quo, millions will continue to go bankrupt simply because they get sick'
Did Bernie Sanders Win Nevada?
Hell Hath No Fury Like Maddow Scorned: Epic Smackdown Puts Bernie's Personal Baghdad Bobs in Their Place
Clintons Values vs. Trumps Tribalism: What Kind of Foreign Policy Does America Want? -- What the presidential front-runners AIPAC speeches tell us about their approaches to terrorism
FACT: By This Measure, Hillary Clinton Is the Most Truthful Candidate in the 2016 Race
What Bernie Sanders would do to America: Could his socialist policies turn America into Denmark? (Or would we end up more like Greece?)
Washington Post's Steven Pearlstein Warns that If Bernie Sanders is Elected Americans Will Have to Accept Higher Employment Rates
Sanders upsets families in Newtown wrongful death lawsuit
Hillary Clinton Campaign Rally in Detroit, Michigan
"More from Bernie Sanders today on his response to a question on racial blind spots from last night's debate: 'I don't want to be lectured about talking about poverty whether its white black latino'"
Why Ted Cruz will be tapped for VP
WIll.i.am endorses Hillary Clinton
Warren is a Wuss: Bernie Sanders Fans Turn on Elizabeth Warren For Not Endorsing
In any event, for all the shrill attention that it will get, immunity for Bryan Pagliano will help move the Hillary Clinton email inquiry toward an end  and be one less thing for her to worry about.
Bernie Sanders can run for as long as he wants. But his chances of winning are disappearing.
Breaking down Democrats' Super Tuesday map: What to watch for in the biggest day of the Democratic presidential race so far.
Hillary Clinton Campaign Rally in Orangeburg, South Carolina
Here's How Bernie Sanders Plans to Save Social Security
Clinton in Nevada: Not everything is about an economic theory
MLK Jr.s Close Friend to Rep. John Lewis: It Doesnt Matter If You Never Saw Bernie Sanders
Clinton: Dont penalize solar customers by changing rules
One Big Way Bernie Sanders Has Already Won
Democrats scramble for pivotal bloc in the next 2 contests: Minority voters
Emails expose close ties between Hillary Clinton and accused war criminal Henry Kissinger: Kissinger met regularly with Secretary Clinton, and applauded her hawkish foreign policy in a handwritten message
Clinton to Attack Sanders in Iowa on Gun Control
New York Times endorses Hillary Clinton, John Kasich for nominations
Standing With Gabby Giffords, Clinton asks Iowans to make guns a voting issue
Bernies Wall Street Plan Is Actually Not Enough
Hillary Clinton launches closing ad against Bernie Sanders
FiveThirtyEight: Does Donald Trump Need To Win Iowa?
Clinton Now Red-Baiting Sanders
DNC Chair Claims Weekend Debates Are Meant To 'Maximize' Attention
How Vetted Is Sanders?
Sanders may not release health plan costs by caucus day
Hillarys in trouble: How Bernies gaining ground and eroding Clintons aura of inevitability
Hillary Clinton's campaign brings Lena Dunham to NH
Bernie Sanders: Hillary Clinton hasn't stood up to Wall Street
President Bernie Sanders? New poll tips Sanders to defeat Clinton and prevail over Trump
Actor Samuel L. Jackson said Sunday that he is backing Hillary Clinton for president...; "I'm forever a Democrat, you know, and I'm gonna vote for Hillary," he said, according to The Hollywood Reporter.
Hillary Clinton's fuzzy math on her Wall Street donors - raking in donations from Wall Street, and her attempts to downplay it are under fire.
Hillary Clinton will need to face facts: Her husband allowed Wall Street to run wild. Bill Clinton oversaw the repeal of Glass-Steagall, which played a key role in the 2008 fiasco
In 2006, Bernie Sanders Voted In Support Of An Immigration Conspiracy Theory
Financial titans behind slam on Clinton: Hedge fund managers and investors, together worth billions of dollars, are bankrolling a little-known super PAC that on Tuesday unleashed attack ads against Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton.
Hillarys War Whoop: In a presentation to the Council on Foreign Relations, Clinton made it clear that if shes elected in 2016, shes going to drag the country straight to war.
Hillary Can't Explain Wall Street Ties For A Reason
Democratic hopeful Hillary Clinton retains a commanding lead over her primary opponents. More than six in ten (62%) Democratic likely primary voters support Clintons candidacy, while fewer than three in ten (29%) support Bernie Sanders.
Bernie Sanders Classmates Say Man in Civil Rights Sit-In Photo Isnt Him
Its time to look in the mirror, Bernie: Now, more than ever, Sanders needs to be criticized for his failed political theories - Sanders backers must stop calling Clinton a "sore winner," and instead learn the right lessons from his failure
Hillary Clinton Has 2.5 Million-Vote Lead, So Who Is More Popular?
Clinton: I hope Sanders joins ranks when I'm nominee
Clinton is running for president. Sanders is doing something else.
The Clinton-Backed Honduran Regime Is Picking Off Indigenous Leaders
Hillary Clinton Has a Big Lead Over Bernie Sanders in Florida Poll
Our impossible expectations of Hillary Clinton and all women in authority
Clinton looks ahead to South Carolina in Nevada victory speech: The win shifts momentum back to Clinton.
Hillary: Sanders Is Basically Saying The Will of the People Should Be Overturned
Hillary Clinton Selects Sen. Tim Kaine as Running Mate
Is Bernie Sanders Just Going Through the Motions? On the ground in Wisconsin, where Bernie seems ... exhausted.
Hillary Clinton talks with Jon Stewart about income inequality in 2014, long before either her or Sanders entered the race for President
Hillary Clinton aides to be questioned under oath on emails, judge orders
Fact checking the Clinton-Sanders spat over Big Oil contributions: "The Sanders campaign is exaggerating the contributions that Clinton has received from the oil and gas industry." [Three Pinocchios
Of Course Hillary Clinton Has Foreign Policy Experience, but that 'Experience' Has Been a Total Disaster
David Brock Writes Open Letter to Sanders: Halt All Negative Campaigning Against Hillary
CNN Reports FBI Has Found 'No Criminal Wrongdoing' in Hillary Clinton Email 'Investigation'
Debbie Wasserman Schultz Says Bernie Sanders Seemed to Justify Violence and Intimidation
Nate Silver Gives Hillary Clinton A 75% Chance Of Being Elected President: During an interview on CNN, Nate Silver gave Hillary Clinton a 75% chance of being elected to be the nation's next president.
Actually, Clinton Promoted Fracking Globally
Sanders hits Clinton on Gitmo despite his own similar vote
Susan Sarandon is willing to gamble on a post-President Trump revolution if Sanders isnt the nominee
FEC releases damning 639 pages of violations by Bernie Sanders campaign
Like It or Not, the Democratic Party Now Must Answer to Millennials
Clinton is raising millions more for Democrats than Sanders is
Hillary Clinton's Campaign, Cautious but Confident, Begins Considering Running Mates; Hillary Clinton's advisers and allies have begun extensive discussions about who should be her running mate, seeking to compile a list of 15 to 20 potential picks for her team to start vetting by late spring.
After public anguish, Bronx councilman endorses Sanders on eve of primary
What Clinton and Sanders owe progressives: The need to put their bad blood behind them so young Democrats dont stay home in November.
Everyone says the Libya intervention was a failure. Theyre wrong.
Americans Divided: Why Some Bernie Sanders Supporters Would Turn to Trump
Clinton camp: Congrats Bernie, but you can't win
Bill Clinton's clash with protesters sparks CNN blowup
Fact-checking Bill Clintons Philly defense of his controversial crime bill
The Problem With Hillary Clinton Isnt Just Her Corporate Cash. Its Her Corporate Worldview.
Poll: 25 percent of Sanders voters would shun Clinton - Only 14 percent of Clinton supporters would not back Sanders
Clinton plan: Defeat Sanders, then unify Democratic party
Bernie Sanders wants to phase out nuclear power
No, the Democratic Race Isn't Close
This budget shows that bold, progressive ideas are feasible and sensible
Poll: Voters back Bernie Sanders as the next commander in chief
Bernie Sanders Wins Big With Michigan Muslims  And Political Pundits Cant Quite Believe It
Bernie Sanders or bust? That's a stance based on privilege
Bing forecasts Super Tuesday near-sweep for Trump, Clinton
Hillary Clinton says its not enough to just make college more affordable
An open letter that the New York Times refused to publish from the economist that Paul Krugman smeared.
Bernie Sanders makes promises no one could possibly keep
Clinton Campaign Rebuffs Sanders on Latino Vote in Nevada
One third of the delegates needed to win the Democratic nomination are wealthy establishment "superdelegates," who are NOT representative of current democratic party voters.
Telling Women They Have To Vote For Hillary Clinton Is Not Only Offensive, It's Anti-Feminist
Bill Clinton erupts, and its 2008 all over again
Video surfaces of Hillary Clintons paid speech to Goldman Sachs, and its completely harmless
Clinton To Sanders: Enough False Innuendos About My Campaign
No, Hillary Clinton did not win Iowa because of a coin flip -- posted because it is still showing up in comments!
Bill Clinton: Bernie Sanders is No Obama
White House applauds Clinton for Iowa win
Bernie Sanders finds buyers for snake oil on banks: "Sanders's analysis of what happened in the run-up to 2008 is wrong"
Advocacy groups criticize Sanders campaign for playing dirty, misleading voters
Most Americans think Hillary Clinton is going to be the next president
The Five Lamest Excuses for Hillary Clinton's Vote to Invade Iraq
Clinton Has Twice as Much Support as Sanders in Iowa: Loras Poll
Bernie Sanders releases a new ad reminding everyone he has very little minority support
Hillary Clinton Is Not Telling The Truth About Wall Street
Why Young People Are Right About Hillary Clinton: "The choice they see is between an honest politician, and one who is so profoundly a part of the problem that she can't even see it anymore."
New Poll Shows 60% Of Americans Think Hillary Clinton Is Untrustworthy & Dishonest
Ignore the Bernie Bros, Hillary
NY Times Reporter Recieves Death Threats From Angry Bernie Sanders Supporters
538 Sacrifices Integrity to Go After Sanders on Independents
Will Bernie Sanders Hurt His Own Cause? -- Petty political fights distract from the Vermont senators goal of a long-lasting movement.
Hillary Clinton was Nowhere to be Seen in the Fight for $15  I Should Know
Gillibrand's tearful plea to Bernie: Give up your guns -- New York's junior senator, in an interview for POLITICO's 'Off Message' podcast, says that Sanders lacks the 'sensitivity' to understand how gun violence devastates families.
Neoliberal Economists: Against Bernie Sanders and Common Sense
Pants on Fire: Hillary Clinton's absurd claim that she's the only candidate being attacked by Wall Street
Im With Hillary
Considering Bernie Sanders Might Not Be in Congress If It Wasn't for NRA Lobbyists and NRA Money, He & His Surrogates Might Not Want to Throw Around So Many Accusations About Lobbyists & Donations
Bernie Sanders Picks Up Major Union Endorsement Ahead Of Caucuses
Everything You Need To Know About The Bad Democratic Turnout Numbers: When Democrats aren't feeling the Bern, they aren't showing up
Bernie Sanders files suit against Ohio secretary of state in push to allow 17-year-olds to vote
Ex-Obama speechwriter: electing Clinton is more important than electing Obama was
Trump and Sanders: The Political Parasites of 2016 -- Viewing Trump and Sanders with an ideological microscope, its apparent that neither has much affinity for the parties theyve joined.
Cornel West: 'Sister Hillary Clinton is the Milli Vanilli of American politics'
Why Bernie Sanders' plan is like "magic flying puppies with winning Lotto tickets tied to their collars"
Hillary Clinton Pledges To Take On Immigration Reform In First 100 Days
Hillary Clinton Shines at Las Vegas Town Hall
New Polls Show Hillary Clinton Crushing Sanders in 9 Early March Primaries
Winners and losers from the 6th Democratic presidential debate
You Say You Want a Revolution: If Bernie Sanders is serious about a political transformation in America, he needs a better plan.
Hillary Not Truthful About Wall Street Speaking Fees
Why would anyone vote/ caucus for Hillary Clinton over Bernie Sander?
OPINION: Hillary Clinton, campaign bully
Clinton Seen as Winner in November; A Trump Presidency Inspires Anxiety
Hillary Clinton Is One of the Most Ethical (and Most Lied About) Political Leaders in America
We Just Saw the Hillary Clinton that Republicans Will Have to Beatwith a message centered around bolstering the middle-class, a vigorous defense of Obamas accomplishments, and sharp partisan attacks.
How Much Does Bernie Sanders Know About Policy? The Democratic presidential hopeful had a rough interview with the New York Daily News editorial board, struggling to explain what he would do to break up the banks and more if elected.
Top supporters of Bernie Sanders gently tell him: Its time
Made my first meme and thought I would share.
Dan Savage on Twitter: "Millions of gay men alive & able to vote today thanks to @peterstaley. Attack on Peter from Sanders camp appalling.
Sanders surrogate Nina Turner goes ballistic on CNN: Blacks vote Hillary because of brand loyalty
If You Believe It Enough, It Becomes Real: Bernie Math and the Delusion of Revolution
Hillary Clinton blamed for stealing Bernie Sanders' minimum-wage thunder
Bernie Sanders Continues To Dominate Caucuses, But Hes About To Run Out Of Them
Even Bernie Knows He's Losing: Sanders Stumbles onto Bargaining
Rolling Stone Endorses Hillary Clinton
Sanders camp fires back at Clinton for healthcare comments
Hillary Clinton criticized for 'dismissive' reaction to Black Lives Matter protester
Sanders' Political Revolution Not Evident in First Three States: The drop in turnout is stinging for Sanders because it undermines a core pitch of his campaign.
Democrats, dont blow it by nominating Bernie Sanders
The Right Baits the Left to Turn Against Hillary Clinton
Bernie Sanders doesnt get how politics works: "Sanders finds a way to answer virtually every question by turning it back to another predictable and one-dimensional attack on Wall Street and big money"
Bernie Sanders campaign accessed Hillary Clinton's voter data: An audit, conducted by NGP VAN and first obtained by Bloomberg Politics, revealed that four accounts connected to the Sanders team conducted searches on lists of supporters in 10 early voting states, including Iowa and New Hampshire
Poll Shows Hillary Clinton Is Seen as More Likely Than Bernie Sanders to Be Effective
This New York Daily News interview was pretty close to a disaster for Bernie Sanders
Say, Who Was That Mysterious Man Behind Hillary Clinton?
Dump Hillary, and Dump Her Fast: The Democratic Establishment is on a Suicide Mission, and it Will End With Trump
Sanders' South Carolina surrender
Sanders' Health Plan Renews Debate On Universal Coverage: Sen. Bernie Sanders, a 2016 Democratic presidential candidate, has proposed a health care policy he calls "Medicare for All." But some left-leaning economists say the plan doesn't pencil out.
The End is Nigh: How Nevada Showcased Bernie Sanders' Crumbling Campaign
Black Voters Arent Feeling the Bern, New Poll Says
Hillary Clinton once had a 50-point lead in Iowa, so by any measure the Bernie Sanders finish should be alarming to the former secretary of state and her supporters.
Sanders spins the facts when he says campaign did not 'go out and take' Clinton data
Sanders booed by House Democrats: "It was frustrating because he's squandering the movement he built with a self-obsession that was totally on display," said one senior Democrat.
Bernie Sanders' Big Ideas Just Picked up Powerful Support
Koch-backed group praises Bernie Sanders
National Polls Suggest That Bernie Sanders May Be More Electable Than Hillary Clinton
Sanders campaign deletes tweet knocking Clinton
Nevada Democratic Convention: Stories of Voter Suppression
Julian Assange Is A Russian Front-Man, Not A Freedom Fighter
Sources: Hillary Clinton Not Expected to Face Charges in Federal Email Probe
Bill Maher And Bernie Sanders Take Down 'Chicken' Donald Trump
Sorry, Bernie: I love you, but this is over  and getting embarrassing.
It Comes From the Very Top: It's not Weaver.
Political shenanigans alleged by Bernie Sanders supporters prove unfounded
Clinton Donors, Associates Boost Campaign of Chris Matthews Wife
Hillary Clinton Stops Apologizing and Starts to Sprint
They lost Trayvon, Eric, Sandra, Jordan, Dontre. Now these mothers are with Hillary.
DeBerned in Vermont?
Bernie Supporters Suspended From Tinder For Campaigning on Hook-Up App
Bernie's South Carolina surrender: Sanders insists he isn't giving up on the state but his schedule suggests otherwise.
Bernie's home-state blues: Vermont Democrats love their senator. The state's top Democratic leaders are far less enthusiastic.
Bernie Sanders will talk 'Black America' at north Minneapolis event Friday Feb. 12 - Hillary Clinton has formally declined the invite to attend this forum on racial issues
the difference.
Bernie Blew It: Elizabeth Warren is the surrogate he was supposed to be. His supporters have become Clintons. How Sanders overplayed his hand.
Top Democrat Uses Math To Show Bernie Sanders That Its All But Over: Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) used basic math to show Bernie Sanders that Hillary Clinton will clinch the Democratic nomination before the polls even close in California.
CNN Hosts Yell At Bernie Sanders Supporters
What Exactly Did Sanders Supporters Do At The Nevada Dem Convention?
Endorsement For all her faults, Hillary Clinton is vastly better prepared than Bernie Sanders for the presidency
Hillary Clinton Slaughters Bernie Sanders in West Virginia with Non-Trump Voters
Hillary Clinton Widens Lead Over Donald Trump in Poll
White leftists who feel the Bern start to whisper that if Sanders doesnt beat Clinton, its the fault of the unenlightened black and brown folks who didnt vote in their own interest. Their condescension is misplaced; their ire should be with their candidate.
Bernie Sanders Surrenders Nomination Fight While Congratulating Clinton On Primary Wins: Sen. Bernie Sanders waved the white flag and admitted defeat by never mentioning winning the Democratic nomination while congratulating Hillary Clinton on her four Tuesday primary wins.
The Latest: Clinton 90 percent of the way to nomination
Bernie Sanders to Reassess Candidacy After Tuesday Vote, But He'll Stay in the Race
Bernie Sanderss Supporters Consider Where to Turn if His Bid Fails: The senators backers still turn out, eager to hear his message, but a bleaker reality about his prospects is beginning to settle in.
The Primaries Arent Democratic? Theyre Not Supposed to Be Democratic. --The parties are doing what parties are built to do: pick the candidates who best represent them.
Sanders Allegedly Kicked Out of Hippie Commune in 1971
Bernie Sanders isnt a Democrat and thats a real problem.
Feinstein Pushes Bill to Require Decryption - "new legislation to compel technology companies to assist government agencies in gaining access to encrypted technology"
Joe Biden: 'I would like to see a woman elected'
Joe: Democratic Primary System Rigged Against Voters | Morning Joe | MSNBC
Unlocking the Truth About the Clinton Crime Bill: It was the beginning of the end of the war on drugs
Says Bernie Sanders "wants higher standards for toy guns than real guns."  Hillary Clinton on Wednesday, April 6th, 2016 in a CNN interview
Hillary Clinton Loses Patience with Greenpeace Activist Over Fossil Fuel Donations Greenpeace USA
Bernie's team confronts tough questions: Coming off big wins, the Sanders campaign struggled to explain how it can overcome Clinton's lead.
I think the Democrats risk losing this election: Bill Maher tells Cory Booker why liberals need to start calling it Islamic extremism - Maher took issue with the senator's hesitance to draw attention to the religion of ISIS extremists
Lewis Black discusses "The Root of All Evil," the absurdity of the 2016 elections, and why he's supporting Bernie Sanders.
New Study: Bernie Sanders' Tax Wall Street Plan Would Raise $300 Billion, Create Millions of New Jobs
Clinton is the Democratic candidate ready to be president
Surprise: Americans Kind Of Like Trade: You'd think from watching the campaign that foreign trade is super unpopular. But polls show that's not quite true.
'When I hear someone dismiss Sanders' social programs, such as free college tuition, on the grounds that the money's not there, I will ask why nobody ever says: We cant develop the next generation of nuclear weapons; the money's just not there!'
Clinton clobbers Sanders in Ohio, Florida
What really shaped Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders
Hillary Clinton Turns Up the Heat in North Carolina: Faced with a stiff challenge from Bernie Sanders in the Rust Belt, the Democratic front-runner works to run up her margin among black voters in the South.
Bernie Sanders launches ads critical of Rahm Emanuel
The US cities luring millennials with promises to pay off their student debts
Why Bloomberg bailing on 2016 is an enormous coup for Hillary
Did Hillary Clinton Plant Religion Question at Democratic Debate?
No, Bernie Sanders, that is not the real Selma in that photo
At labor rally, Clinton looks ahead after Super Tuesday: Hillary Clinton on Wednesday began to look ahead from her significant Super Tuesday wins, celebrating what she called a day for the "history books" at a labor rally in New York City.
Bernie Sanders vs Hillary Clinton: The REAL Differences - David Pakman Show
Planet on the Ballot: It appears that the goal of drastically reducing emissions is within reach, but the wrong leader could still get in the way of saving the planet
Journal Poll: Clinton leads among NM Dems
Says he supported the 1994 crime bill because "there is a ban on assault weapons in that bill."  Bernie Sanders on Sunday, February 28th, 2016 in comments on "Meet the Press"
After South Carolina, Bernie is at 3.41% and Hillary is at 4.88%. This race has just started.
Don't be fooled by Hillary Clinton's dominant South Carolina win. She's still eminently beatable.
Why Hillary Clinton's Privacy Can't Be Invaded: Not because people don't keep tryingbecause her armor, developed over decades in public life, keeps her unknowable.
Endorsement: Hillary Clinton, who's both visionary and realistic -- She shows the patience and discipline to work with opponents toward progress.
Actor Danny Glover 'Feeling the Bern' in South Carolina
A Vote for Bernie Is a Feminist Act
Billionaires Can Still Buy Elections Very Easily
Donald Trump has evaded every single duty of an American citizen his entire life. How can anyone call him a patriot?
Ryan's words earn votes.
Trump recorded having extremely lewd conversation about women in 2005
Time to push the Trump 13-year-old Rape victim video interview onto every front page and TV news
BUSTED: Wisconsin Clerk Caught Limiting Campus Voting Because Students Vote For Democrats
As of this morning, Florida Democratic Party has submitted 469k voter registration forms; Republican Party of Florida has submitted 59k
LeBron James, the most influential person in the major swing state of Ohio, endorses Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton demands FBI show its hand in fresh email probe - Democratic candidate says sudden announcement with no explanation is not good enough after FBI director notifies Congress of new investigation
Less than 12 Hours Post-Debate: Clinton Uses Pence's Debate Words Against Him In Stunning New Ad
John McCain: Republicans will block anyone Clinton names to the Supreme Court
Rick Wilson (GOP Strategist) on Twitter: "If you think this is anywhere near the most morally repugnant thing about Trump to come out before the election, you're going to be shocked."
Obama To GOP: 'Don't Act Like This Started With Donald Trump'
North Carolina Republicans Tried to Disenfranchise a 100-Year-Old African-American Woman: With early voting underway in North Carolina, black and Democratic voters are being wrongly purged from the rolls.
1st Voter Fraud Arrest Of 2016 Is A Republican
Donald Trump Endorsed executing Muslim POWs with bullets dipped in pigs' blood. Six months is long enough to forget, so let's remind America.
"I'd vote for Hillary, But..." | A site for explaining and refuting common complaints about our next president
Trump Has 75 Ongoing Legal Battles -- Which Media Are Ignoring During Their Breathless FBI Letter Coverage
The stories from women saying he groped or forced himself on them "largely have been debunked."  Donald Trump on Wednesday, October 19th, 2016 in the third 2016 presidential debate
Obama approval hits new high
Bernie Sanders taps his donor network to raise nearly $2 million in two days for House, Senate contenders
GOP congressman on Clinton: 'A lady needs to be told when she's being nasty'
Giuliani's daughter says she's voting for Clinton
Michelle Obama Obliterated Donald Trump Without Once Saying His Name
New Ohio poll puts Hillary Clinton ahead of Donald Trump by 9 points
This is not how men talk. It's how sexual predators talk
Donald Trump was paid $5 million by the Saudi government
Donald Trump cheats on local and state taxes, turning Trump facilities into drains on communities
Democrats donate to help reopen firebombed Republican office in NC (currently at $9,191 of $10k goal)
More questionable footage of Trump and comments on women: In an Entertainment Tonight Christmas feature in 1992, Trump looked at a group of 10-year-old girls and said he would be dating one of them in ten years. At the time, Trump would have been 46 years old.
Elizabeth Warren Just Blasted The FBI Director For Going After Hillary Instead Of Wall Street Crooks
2008 Video Trump Lauding Praises on the Clintons: "Great Senator, Great Wife, Great President"
Michael McFaul (Former Ambassador to Russia) on Twitter: "Trump complains about others not paying their taxes & then he pays nothing. He criticizes "weak" veterans when he has never served. #Enough!"
Study: Bots accounted for a third of all pro-Trump Twitter activity during the debate
These ladies hilariously objecting to their mothers Trump sign.
Donald Trump's companies destroyed or hid documents in defiance of court orders
Trump, companies accused of mistreating women in at least 20 lawsuits
Poll: 63 percent say FBI review makes no difference in vote for Clinton
Trump Foundation ordered to stop fundraising by N.Y. attorney generals office
Vox: A Trump Collapse could Give Democrats Back the House
Donald Trump thinks SNL is rigging the election and should be canceled
Who would have thought we would see these statements a month out from Election Day?
Meet a 92-Year-Old Woman Whose Life Was Ruined by Donald Trump
Nine more Native American tribes request early voting on their reservations: Some of them have to drive 200 miles round-trip to vote.
The real vote rigging: Republicans make it harder for millions to vote in 2016 election
daveweigel (WaPo) on Twitter: "I've been seeing dudes selling/wearing "TRUMP THAT BITCH" shirts at Trump rallies since April. Go ahead and pretend the problem is one man."
Donald Trump Finally Wins a Newspaper Endorsement  From the KKK
Republicans abandon Fox News: Roger Ailes has turned GOP voters from their favorite channel - For the first time, Fox News is no longer a top-20 most trusted brand with conservatives
Mike Pence is An Extreme Social Conservative Wing-nut (Dick Cheney on Steroids)
The Trump campaign admits it has only one card left in its deck: voter suppression.
Salma Hayek: I Denied Trump A Date, So He Planted A National Enquirer Story About My Height
NYTimes Exclusive: Two Women Say Donald Trump Touched Them Inappropriately
Ryan abandons Trump
For Republicans Abandoning Donald Trump, Obama Has a Message: Too Late
Paul Ryan Attacked Bernie Sanders. It Backfired Spectacularly.
Donald Trumps no concession stand: He and his hate-filled followers will not accept a Clinton victory & thats when things get truly chilling - Trump & his supporters will not go quietly  already armed loyalists have camped outside a Democratic office
Federal judge extends voter registration deadline, rebukes state (Florida) for 'irrational' decision
Carrie Fisher Says Trump is Absolutely a Coke Head After Sniffling Again at Second Debate
Ex-Trump policy chief jumps ship: I regret working for him and under no circumstances will I support him
Col. Morris Davis (Guantanamo Chief Prosecutor 2005-07) On Twitter: "As bottom falls out of @realDonaldTrump campaign he is enjoying a slight bump up among white males in the 11-13 age bracket."
RNC in legal trouble over Trump call for poll-watchers
Donald Trump, the Worst of America
Clintons Ohio rally sets attendance record: 18,500 People Flocked To See The Democratic Nominee, with An additional 13,000 outside and around area #OSU
Pew survey: Republicans are rejecting reality on climate change - Only 48% of Americans  and 15% of conservative Republicans  realize that humans are causing global warming
My Visit to the Trump Dump.... Sorry, Trump Tower
Hillary Clintons 3 Presidential Debate Performances Left The Trump Campaign In Ruins
The Price Ive Paid for Opposing Donald Trump: Trumps alt-right trolls have subjected me and my family to an unending torrent of abuse that I wouldnt wish on anyone.
Trump: "If I don't win on Nov. 8, I will consider this the single greatest waste of time, energy, and money of anything I've ever done."
Trump Ally Alex Jones: "I Was Told By People Around" Clinton That "She's Demon-Possessed"
Petition calling for Jeff Sessions to be removed from Senate Judiciary Committee tops 40,000 signatures
Dem women poised for record gains in Trump backlash
Donald Trump Is Sniffling at the DebateAgain
Even lots of Donald Trump's supporters are starting to think he'll lose the election
Says Donald Trump "was asked if he would defend our allies. He said well, first he'd want to know if they made any payments to us to defend them."  Hillary Clinton on Tuesday, October 25th, 2016 in a rally in Florida
No, Hillary Clinton did not lose $6 billion at the State Department
Says a tweet he sent out "wasnt saying, check out a sex tape. It was just take a look at" the background of Alicia Machado.  Donald Trump on Sunday, October 9th, 2016 in the second presidential debate
Trump's website pulled down Mike Pence's entire campaign schedule as Pence tries to hide
Trump will walk back guidance protecting transgender students, Pence confirms
The danger on November 9th from Trump claiming the election was 'stolen.' Which is why he needs to be humiliated on November 8th
The right says Hillary Clinton is responsible for her husband. Why isnt Melania Trump?
Tony Schwartz (CEO, The Energy Project) on Twitter: "Never underestimate the depth & desperation of Trump's humiliation at losing to Clinton. Revenge will be his obsession for rest of his days."
CNN's President Says It Was A Mistake To Air So Many Trump Rallies And "Let Them Run"
Donald Trump On PTSD: Vets Are Either "Strong" Or "Can't Handle It"
Hillary Clintons 3 debate performances left the Trump campaign in ruins
Joe Biden: Donald Trump 'out there doing something very dangerous'
Donald Trump the arsonist: The GOP nominee is inching America toward the apocalypse - Trump is touting an apocalyptic worldview that mirrors Evangelical dogma
'Trump Was Calling for Us to Be Murdered': Central Park Five Member Speaks Out in New Pro-Clinton Ad
Trump campaign using targeted Facebook posts to discourage black Americans from voting
President Barack Obama will make a late splash into races for state senate and assembly over the next week, endorsing roughly 150 candidates across 20 states. He'll also back a candidate for the North Carolina Supreme Court.
Clinton Probably Finished Off Trump Last Night
Michelle Obama Gives Powerful Speech Roasting Trump For Predatory Comments
Gerrymandering could cost Democrats the House in 2016. Why? Because it probably did in 2012
Colin Powell Says He Will Vote For Hillary Clinton
Women Are Boycotting Ivanka Trumps Fashion Line  and the Stores That Sell It
Michael Moore Reveals Surprise Donald Trump Film, Opening In New York City Tomorrow!!!
The Outrage Grows: Miss Washington 2013 says Donald Trump groped her
"You can look at the propaganda on a lot of the terrorists' sites and what Donald Trump said about Muslims is used to recruit fighters."  Hillary Clinton on Sunday, October 9th, 2016 in the second 2016 presidential debate
Sanders calls Trump a 'political coward' over voter suppression report
Donald Trumps higher ed plan will explode the student debt crisis. Trump is disguising a giveaway to Wall Street banks as a solution to the student debt crisis.
Election Update: Trump May Depress Republican Turnout, Spelling Disaster For The GOP
Major GOP donors are asking Trump for their money back
How Did This Trump Supporter Learn That Clinton Has Dementia?: Ive Been Watching a Lot of Fox News
Report: Trump Rented Space To Iranian Bank Later Linked To Terrorism
American Indians are disgusted by Trumps weird Hindi ad: He is the living embodiment of ignorance
Donald Trump has spent his whole life falsely trying to prove he is a winner. Now he is poised to become a historic loser. The jig is up.
Eric Trump seen with lemonade in free water cup at In-N-Out
Two and a half months ago, Donald Trump promised a press conference on Melania Trump's immigration fraud. Much to everyone's surprise, neither of the Trumps have held one since.
Trump supporters--men with dogs--showed up at early voting polling place in Cincinnati to intimidate black voters. Yelling matches ensued.
The Election is Rigged After All -- Against African Americans: Voting rights advocates have won a string of court battles, but state election officials have found ways to restrict early voting anywayoften at the behest of GOP leaders.
Anne Applebaum (WaPo Columnist) on Twitter: ''Trump is now repeating, every day, lines lifted directly from Russian state television. Truly extraordinary."
JSTR  CTUAL on Twitter: "Riddle me this. Why is RUSSIA TODAY releasing WIKILEAKS dumps 20 minutes BEFORE WIKILEAKS if they are not in bed together?? >>"
Ken Burns: Trump Camps Playbook Is Out of the National Socialist Party in Germany
Says Hillary Clinton is "wrong" to say he mocked a disabled reporter.  Donald Trump on Wednesday, October 19th, 2016 in the third presidential debate in Las Vegas
Big donors demand Republican Party drops Donald Trump amid Numerous sexual assault allegations
Hillary Clinton for President of the United States: A Donald Trump presidency is among the greatest threats facing America, and the Republican standard-bearer is the worst major-party candidate for the job in U.S. history. The editors have never endorsed a candidate for political office.
Republicans Urge Replacing Man Who Hates Women with Man Who Hates Women and Gays
Exclusive poll: GOP voters want the party to stand by Trump
Drawing the Line: How redistricting turned America from blue to red.
Donald Trumps threat to imprison Hillary Clinton is a threat to democracy
Roger Stones exit polling: A pro-Trump dirty trickster goes hunting for election theft - With Donald Trump warning that the 2016 election is "rigged," hatchetman Roger Stone hatches a scheme to prove it
Trumps false claim that Clinton lost $6 billion at the State Department -- The only thing lost in Trumps statement is reality. Four Pinocchios
GOP States Keep Ignoring Court Orders to Restore Voting Rights
Michelle Obama just delivered what might have been a defining moment of the presidential campaign
The words are demeaning. Such behavior is an abuse of power. Its not lewd. Its sexual assault. Joe
Trump on hot mic: 'When you're a star ... You can do anything' to women
Donald stopped his monthly personal investment into his own campaign in September despite saying that he was going to increase the personal contributions
We Can't Elect a Psychopath President: 8 Psychological Terms for Making Sense of This Traumatic Moment in U.S. Election History - Has such aberrant behavior ever so dominated a presidential campaign before?
Rick Wilson (GOP Strategist) on Twitter: ""Four score and 7 years ago, these skanks who are 5s on a good day deserved to be bigly sued. Did you see how they dressed? Deserved it.""
6 people have now gone on the record to back up a reporter who says Trump sexually assaulted her
Clinton Holds 11-Point National Lead Over Trump: NBC/WSJ Poll
Rep. Tim Ryan to Ohio workers: Donald Trump will 'gut you'
Kevin Plantz (#Veteran) on Twitter: ".@realDonaldTrump As a Veteran with PTSD, I'm stronger than you could ever be."
Donald Trumps chances of winning are approaching zero
Late polls show Dems gaining in governor races
Frank Luntz: "Between Sept. 10th and Oct. 10th, the Florida GOP registered 117 new voters. Florida Democrats registered 6,920."
Hillary Clinton Is Proposing A Policy To Tackle Deep Poverty
Bragging About Sexually Assaulting Women With Impunity: Donald Trumps Meltdown Is Nearly Complete
LeBron James endorses Hillary Clinton
Has Obama's IDGAF Tour Officially Begun? On Marco Rubio Voting Trump: 'C'mon Man.'
"State Department officials actually directed contracts for the Haitian recovery after the earthquake to friends of the Clintons."  Mike Pence on Sunday, October 16th, 2016 in an interview on NBC's "Meet the Press"
Hillary Clinton for president
"We Were All Naked When Donald Trump Walked Through Beauty Queen Dressing Room -- Trump: I sort of get away with things like that.
Bradd Jaffy (NBC Nightly News) on Twitter: "Reading between the lines: Trump appears to threaten retributionas presidentfor CNN, NBC & WaPo campaign reporting"
Donald Trump to Howard Stern: It's okay to call my daughter a 'piece of ass'
Mike Pence just revealed the core weakness of Trumps candidacy
Harry Reid to FBI director Comey: "You may have broken the law"
10 Ways Trump Broke the Law and Got Away with It: Putting the Latest Clinton Email Media Frenzy in Perspective - There's no comparing Clinton's email carelessness to a lifetime of lawlessness.
Democrats Get Out the Vote. Republicans Suppress It.
Mark Cuban is coming back to troll Trump at the third debate: 'Can't wait to give a big hug to my bestie'
Trump Supporter Pulls A Gun On Black Lives Matter Protesters In Portland [VIDEO
At Long Last, Trump Blames The Jews For His Failed Campaign.
Woman says Trump reached under her skirt and groped her in early 1990s
Trump Encourages Rally-Goers to Get Out There and Vote on November 28
'The Atlantic' Editors Endorse Hillary Clinton for President: For the third time since The Atlantics founding, the editors endorse a candidate for president. The case for Hillary Clinton.
GOP Scandal Falls Apart As New Emails Didn't Come From Hillary Clinton's Server
Donald Trumps New D.C. Hotel Is Fancy, Expensive, and Probably Doomed
Donald Trumps former campaign chairman Paul Manafort was lobbying Vladimir Putin through a company he owned - Eyelock, owned by two Trump aides, wanted to do business in Moscow
The agonizing Essence of Donald Trump, in one gIF
Armed Trump Supporter Stands Outside Democrat's Office For 12 Hours
Trumps Threat to Jail Clinton Also Targets Democracys Institutions: His claim at Sundays presidential debate was a threat to the rule of law, one political scientist said.
Right-Wing Media Faceplant In Rush To Accuse The Clintons Of Doing "The Same Thing As Trump" On Taxes
This debate showcased Trump's unfitness to be president
Tom Hanks Calls Donald Trump A 'Self-Involved Gasbag Of A Candidate'
Stupid and contagious: What if Donald Trump is not dumbing down and actually is this dumb?
Nearly one-third of all Republican senators now say they wont support Trump
Bush granddaughter endorses Clinton over Trump  and conservatives go bonkers
Podesta: FBI Director James Comeys letter about Hillary Clintons emails was bewildering, short on facts  and unfair to voters
Post-Trump Victory Weather Forecast
Democrats: RNC violating anti-voter intimidation agreement
Michael Moores October Surprise: TrumpLand Documentary
Donald Trump Knows Hes Already Lost  Pulls Ads In Crucial Swing States
Rick Wilson (GOP Strategist) on Twitter: "All you Republican electeds getting comfortable again make me smile. That's because you can't see what's coming."
Republicans shouldnt be demanding Trump apologize  they should apologize for backing him
Clinton Vaults to a Double-Digit Lead, Boosted by Broad Disapproval of Trump (Poll)
Trump opens BS Food Truck in Portland, OR.
Elizabeth Warren: Trump didnt invent the rigged election myth. Republicans did.
Mike Pence rebukes Donald Trump: The election isnt rigged - Every time Mike Pence tries to say something reasonable, Donald Trump opens his mouth
Now, More Than Ever, Chris Wallace Is The Wrong Person To Moderate Final Debate - Retreating To Fox, Trump Hasnt Been Interviewed By CNN Or MSNBC Since August
Analysts: Donald Trumps new tax plan is even more tilted toward the rich than his old one
Audience laughs when Trump calls himself a gentleman
Why The Two Historically Unpopular Candidates Meme Is A Sham  One That Boosts Donald Trump
Tim Kaine condemns cryptic FBI probe of new Clinton emails
"The North Carolina NAACP has now received reports from NC NAACP membership in at least 5 counties that, in some instances, electronic voting machines may be malfunctioning and improperly identifying a voters selected choice as a choice for a different candidate."
People Are Sharing A Fake Hillary Clinton Speech Transcript
Clinton: Trump 'contributing nothing to our nation'
Alan Cole (Economist @TaxFoundation) on Twitter: "All Net Operating Losses in 1995: $49.331 billion. NOL taken by @realDonaldTrump in 1995: $916 million. Trump was 1.9% of the US total."
Pennsylvania voter intimidation is in the works. Obama, Hillary, and Democrats should suggest that acts of intimidation, recorded on camera, could lead to a large monetary settlement for victims.
Leading Lawyers offer Trump accusers free legal help: "He's A Serial Abuser"; All The People He Threatens Have Strong Ground to Sue Him, Compares Trump to Nazis.
GOP think tank: Trump's plans would just run up debt
Says Sidney Blumenthal wrote that the Benghazi attack was "almost certainly preventable. Clinton was in charge of the State Department, and it failed to protect U.S. personnel and an American consulate in Libya."  Donald Trump on Monday, October 10th, 2016 in a rally in Wilkes-Barre, Pa.
The Kansas Experiment Continues Collapse: Revenue Off By Nearly $45M. Pay Attention, America.
Mike Pence Is a Coward and an Extremist. Hes the perfect face of the GOP.
Trump Hypocrisy: Ten times Trump shamed others on tax - BBC News
Obama Sees 'Straight Line' From Sarah Palin To Donald Trump
The mainstreaming of racism on Fox News: This is where the toxic brew that Trump spouts originated.
Trump brags of endorsements that never happened
Obama mocks Marco in Miami
Trump's Refusal to Accept the Election Results will Hurt Him: Trumps refusal to say he would accept the election results will ensure negative coverage for the final three weeks of the election, and with good reason.
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: ""Nobody respects women more than me." Donald Trump earlier tonight "Such a nasty woman." Donald Trump just now #DebateNight"
Donald Trump Jr: Women Who Can't 'Handle' Harassment 'Dont Belong In The Workforce'
No, Trump, Canadians do not flee en masse for US health care
30 former Republican lawmakers: Trump is 'manifestly unqualified to be president'
Presidency isn't enough; Democrats also want Congress
Bill Maher is furious at Anthony Weiner: He said "he never actually f*cked anyone  well now he has"
Donald Trump implies he would fight vice-president Joe Biden: 'I'd love that'
Donald Trump Is Now Running Against American Democracy Itself
4 Former Trump Supporters Reveal the Moment They Saw the Light & Realized They Had Been Conned
Trump campaign faces biggest crisis yet after tax documents published | US news
Carl Bernstein: Clinton email controversy is not Watergate
Sen. Mark Kirk questions Rep. Tammy Duckworths American heritage in Illinois debate
Libertarian VP Candidate Admits Defeat, Tells Voters To Pick Clinton Over Trump
Why Hillary Wins: Memo to pundits: Maybe she actually deserves it.
Trump national political director 'steps back' from campaign
Attacked by Donald Trump - A PEOPLE Writer's Story
Ohio Is Clinton Country As Nearly 20,000 Supporters Rally Behind Her In Columbus
Melania Reportedly Refused to Make Joint TV Appearance With Trump to Address Leaked Audio
Rick Wilson (GOP Strategist) on Twitter: "You don't get a pass by saying "It was awful, but I'm still supporting him." I swear you people need a slap upside the moral gyroscope."
Nicholas Kristof (NY Times) on Twitter: "We're posting my Sunday column early: It recounts how Trump forced himself on a young woman--in Ivanka's bedroom"
Whatever Is Actually In Trumps Tax Returns Is Worse Than What the New York Times Says
Democrats look poised to retake Senate majority
Poll: Young voters are coming through for Clinton
Kansas House leader calls Hitlers words profound in Facebook post
Jenna Johnson (WaPo) on Twitter: "Spotted at Donald Trump's rally in Virginia Beach: Hillary Clinton's head on a stake."
Donald Trump Called Deaf Apprentice Marlee Matlin Retarded, Three Staffers Say - The Republican presidential nominee has a long history of demeaning women & people with disabilities. But even for The Donald, this is sick.
Americans overwhelmingly support abortion rights
Journalists Are Calling Out Mike Pence For Lying About Things Donald Trump Has Said
@timkaine: "I cannot believe that Gov. Pence will defend the insult-driven campaign that Donald Trump has run"
Trumps ludicrous spin on his taxes doesnt pass the laugh test
Republicans Weaponize James Comeys FBI To Kneecap Hillary Clinton: The abuse of congressional power for pure partisan gain has become a specialty of the GOP.
Trump has been lying for weeks about how much money he's given to his campaign
Trump's behavior isn't OK in the gentleman's club I worked for, much less America
"I don't know Putin. I never Met Putin...he's not my best friend, OK?"
Trump biographer: Hes not trying to win  hes using donors to build an audience for Trump TV
Even Republicans know the Bill Clinton attacks dont work
Donald Trump Invested In Company Behind Controversial Dakota Access Pipeline, Records Show
Reporter accuses Donald Trump of forcing himself on her
Thank you Donald Trump, from Every Democrat
Trumps claim about Canadians traveling to the United States for medical care -- Three Pinocchios
The Donald Trump We Always Knew: Neither Sundays debate nor the 2005 video showed us anything new about the Republican nominee.
Sexual Assault Hotline Traffic Spiked Following Trump's Vile Debate Remarks
Trump denies he bragged about sexual assault. Hes lying. -- Many women allege that he backed up his talk with action.
A Group of Computer Scientists Believe a Trump Server Was Communicating With a Russian Bank
Here Are All the Insane Things Youve Probably Forgotten About Trumps Campaign
Former GOP congressman incites armed revolution if Donald Trump loses the election
Former RNC Chair: Trump Has Spoken To America's 'Racist Underbelly'
At charity roast, Donald Trump delivered what might as well be a campaign eulogy
It's ironic that Marlee Maitlin was called 'retarded' by a man who can't speak half as well as she.
Trump lashes out at Paul Ryan on Twitter, says the shackles have been taken off me
GOP Strategist: Hillary Rodham Clinton Will Be The 45th President Of The United States (VIDEO)
CNNs Dana Bash: Trumps Promise to Prosecute Clinton Is Like Stalin and Hitler
The Sleaziness of Donald Trump: He boasted about assaulting women. Enough.
Donald Trump cheated on his taxes at Every. Possible. Level.
Donald Trump: Terroristic Man-Toddler -- Hes an immature bully who lashes out when he should be embarrassed.
October Shocker: FBI Has Explosive Information on Trump Conspiring With Putin
reports: Emails Had Nothing To Do with Clinton
Trumps Jubilation Over Hillarys So-Called October Surprise Gets Flattened With Facts
Trump explains why the First Amendment has too much protection for free speech
Trump used his foundation to fund guerrilla filmmaker James OKeefe
Anti-Defamation League Says Trump supporters coordinated anti-Semitic abuse of Jewish journalists
70 Nobel Prize winners endorse Clinton for president
The Trump-Induced Breakup Of The GOP Has Begun - Trump is mad at elected officials. Donors are mad at the RNC. And everyone anticipates a bloodbath on Election Day.
The Trump Brand Is So Toxic That His Company Is Now Planning Hotels Without His Name on Them: new hotel brand would be called Scion
Trump accuser says she is leaving country
Clinton: Dont Give Into Negativity, Go Watch Michelle Obamas Speech
All of Donald Trumps Accusers: A Timeline of Every Alleged Grope and Assault
Crowd Chants You Won When Al Gore Offers 2000 Election As Proof Your Vote Really Counts (VIDEO)
Jailing Hillary!? Trumps Outrageous Case for Dictatorship | The Closer with Keith Olbermann | GQ
Col. Morris Davis (Guantanamo Chief Prosecutor 2005-07) On Twitter: "Irony: @realDonaldTrump referring to "OUR tax dollars" when he hasn't paid $1 of income tax in 20 yrs. #FreeloaderDon @Morning_Joe @JoeNBC"
Eichenwald: Chief ethics lawyer in GW Bush White House has filed official complaint to Office of Special Counsel 4 inquiry of Comey 4 violating law.
Ratings Change: 7 House Races Shift Toward Democrats
Donald Trumps Lack of Discipline and Discernment: According to his own words, he objectifies women, prioritizes fighting and fetishizes adoration.
Trump Cites Police, Military, ICE Endorsements That Didn't Happen
Trump took $17 million in insurance for damage few remember
Donald Trumps Threat to Reject Election Results Alarms Scholars
WMUR poll: Hassan takes 8 percentage point lead over Ayotte
Florida's Democratic voters outnumbering GOP voters in submitting mail-in ballots
BREAKING: Trump Panics After Judge Sets December Start For Teen Rape Case (DETAILS)
Trump Implies Reporter Was Not Attractive Enough For Him To Assault
Trump's Campaign Is 'Pulling Out Of Virginia'
The Loneliness of the Alabama Democrat
Donald Trump tape throws Republican politics into chaos
Trump Supporter Allegedly Tries to Run Over Latino Dem Candidate (Whos Also a Retired Marine)
Supreme Court Vacancy, enough is enough
The first debate changed a tie in florida to a win
Mark Hamill on Twitter: Normally I don't go political on this page either, so I'll thank you not to use it to insult my father. #DadVader #DonTheCon #ImWithHer2016
BREAKING: Trump used multiple corporations to evade contribution limits To give 10 times the maximum amount to Florida Attorney General Charlie Crist in 2006.
Vice President Biden: Hillary Clinton faces "double standard" on trustworthiness
Video shows Donald Trump grabbing and kissing a former Miss Universe in front of an audience
CNN reporter Sara Murray: Donald Trump supporters keyed my car, cut truck cables
A City Clerk Refused to Put Voting Site on Campus Because 'Students Lean More Toward the Democrats'
Obama Was Right About Republican Extremism All Along
Donald Trump just turned a charity dinner into a screed against Hillary Clinton: By the end, Trump was getting booed regularly.
Donald Trump has gone nuts: In speech meant to defend sex assault allegations, he goes full Breitbart
Donald Trump Supporters are Calling to #Repealthe19th?
Recommended for anyone who will be at or near a Trump Rally anytime soon.
With his poll numbers slipping, the Trump campaign is in full poll-denial mode
Kurt Eichenwald (Contributing editor, Vanity Fair; senior writer, Newsweek) on Twitter: "I like my Russian propaganda the old-fashioned way - uttered by Moscow, not by the GOP nominee for President" (Read his important article posted in link!)
Another Trump Son Appears on Program With Ties to White Nationalist
The Second Debate Probably Didnt Help Trump, And He Needed Help
'He Grabbed Me:' Woman Alleges Trump Groped Her Exactly as Described on Tape
More Asian-Americans Are Identifying as Democrats, Survey Finds
Mike Pence claimed smoking doesnt kill as late as 2000
Mike Pence says Clinton-Kaine is an "insult-driven" campaign as Trump tweets insults
Trumps Tax (Avoidance) Plan: He is running for president partly to help more wealthy people be like him  and avoid paying taxes.
The Trump Campaign in a Photograph!
Dems demand apology for Kirk comments on Duckworth's heritage
Howard Stern on Trump's misogynistic talk: 'This is who Trump is'
Pussy Riot Vows to 'Grab Back' At Donald Trump With New Song
The Unforgivables: Trumps Top Collaborators - The top 25 politicians, institutions, & media personalities that aided and abetted the rise of Donald Trump& should never be absolved for it.
Trumps path to an electoral college victory isnt narrow. Its non-existent.
Obama, Holder to lead post-Trump redistricting campaign
10 races Democrats must win to take the House
Here's Donald Trump's Response To Being Called A "Sexual Predator" In 2006
The closing argument against Donald Trump
Trump Looking At Young Girls: "I'm Going To Be Dating Her In 10 Years"
Clintons little-known crusade to save Africas elephants Relentless poaching is decimating Africas elephants. But the worlds largest land mammal could have a powerful, new champion if Hillary Clinton becomes president of the U.S.
Michael McFaul (former Ambassador to Russia) on Twitter: "What bothers me most about Trump & apologists is that they insult all men by claiming we talk/act the way he does. #Enough !"
Lecherous and worthless': Megachurch pastor from Trumps own evangelical council denounces him
The first post-hot mic poll is out, and it suggests that Donald Trump is in deep, deep trouble
Republicans fret down-ballot wave
Turns Out Donald Trump Attacked Woman Who Accused Him of Sexual Assault. This Year.
Jeffrey Goldberg (National Correspondent, The Atlantic) on Twitter: "Donald Trump will throw Hillary Clinton in jail, and just threw Mike Pence under a bus, but he's standing by Putin and Assad."
ATTENTION: Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, New Mexico, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas, & Washington - You must register NOW!!!
PolitiFact on Twitter: "LIVE FACT-CHECK: Pence claim that only 10 percent of Clinton Foundation money goes to aid is wrong."
New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman Talks to Newsweek About his Trump Foundation Investigation
Harry Reids incendiary claim about coordination between Donald Trump and Russia
Former Trump rental agent describes racist policy
Denying Trumps Denial, U.S. Intel Chief Says Theres More Evidence of Russian Hacking
Trumps absurd response on Mosul shows how little he knows
New Accuser Comes Forward With Story Of Being Grabbed By Trump At US Open
"We have 17 intelligence agencies, civilian and military, who have all concluded that these espionage attacks, these cyberattacks, come from the highest levels of the Kremlin, and they are designed to influence our election."  Hillary Clinton on October 19th, 2016 in the third presidential debate
PEOPLE Reveals 6 Witnesses Who Corroborate Natasha Stoynoffs Story of Being Attacked by Donald Trump
Clinton turning focus to Indiana to help other Democrats
Registration surges but GOP's share shrinks  1 in 3 new voters is Latino
Trump Campaign Withdraws From Virginia
Dave Daubenmire: We Cannot Vote For Hillary Clinton Because Women Are Not To Have Authority Over Men
Early Voting Could Hand Election to Hillary Clinton Well Before Nov. 8
Garry Kasparov (Chairman of the Human Rights Foundation , 13th World Chess Champion) on Twitter: "Trump's "President Day 1" checklist: 1 Jail opponent. 2 Media crackdown. 3 Support Assad. Coincidentally, that was also Putin's checklist."
I Don't Like Hillary Clinton Or the Democratic Party. I'm Voting For Them Anyway.
SNL Torches Donald Trumps Pussy Apology in Icky, NSFW Cold Open
America Is Turning Into a Confederacy of Dunces: Why is Donald Trump within a whisker of the White House? Two-thirds of the country cant even name the three branches of government.
You know Trump has had a bad week when there is a debate tonight and Fox News is pretending they are The Weather Channel #HurricaneTrump
Kurt Eichenwald (Contributing Editor, Vanity Fair; Senior Writer, Newsweek) On Twitter: "Anyone who isn't disturbed by the links between Russian hackers, trump advisors, roger stone and Julian assange is blinded by partisanship."
Four Years of Tax Returns All Show Donald Trump Did Not Pay Federal Taxes
Bill Weld: Comey Made A Mess
Comey has just Revealed his True Colors - Surely he could have handled this better: Just look at his Opening Words..
Most Republicans believe Russia is meddling in U.S. election: Reuters/Ipsos poll
Will the U.S. Presidential Election Be Rigged? [SPOILER: No
Trump Is Tankingand Obama Wants to Take the G.O.P. Down With Him
Boycott Trump: A list of businesses to avoid
Trump says he'll sue sexual misconduct accusers
How Donald Trump Broke the Al Smith Dinner: It isnt the only democratic institution that finds itself in danger.
Trump never wanted to be America's president; he wants to be its czar
Biden Tears Into Trump: Maybe He's Too Stupid to Understand the Damage Hes Doing
Max Boot (CFR senior fellow) on Twitter: "The election is over. By refusing to say he would concede defeat, Trump is guaranteeing his defeat."
Clinton has double-digit lead in new national poll
Donald Trump and the G.O.P.: The Party of Lincoln, Reagan and, Perhaps, Extinction
Dems fundraise for firebombed GOP office
Trump warns supporters of 'rigged' election without showing proof
Donald Trump Likes to Threaten Women When He Debates
Donald Trump warns that other communities are poised to steal the election
Donald Trumps Sad, Lonely Life - The guy has no empathy of other people. During a question in Sunday's debate from a Muslim person, he lectured her about turning other Muslim people in. Trump can't be a human being. WTF!
Hillary Clinton On Twitter: "Ryan Is Still Endorsing Trump." -- Rick Wilson (GOP Strategist) on Twitter: "I told you people the Democrats were just waiting. Now they smell blood."
what's wrong with trump? he's interrupting hillary while she's talking.
Rick Wilson (GOP Strategist) on Twitter: " 1/2 Tonight, Trump's fauxpology for the "locker room talk" was a moment where he put his neck in the noose.It's not a secret that there are more stories coming on Trump's sexual behavior." See comment for 3/4
Straight Talk About Crooked Hillary Clinton: The far right has been trying to besmirch Hillary Clinton for more than two decades, and yet after some 20 official investigations, they still have little or nothing to show for it.
Calm Down -- Bill Clinton Didn't Say Obamacare Is Terrible
Trump's Tax Records Show He May Have Understated His Salary by Millions to the IRS
LeBron endorses Hillary
Comeygate is looking worse and worse
North Carolina faces lawsuits over long voting lines and last-minute voter purges - The NAACP is threatening to sue over alleged voter suppression.
Sane Republicans should pack their bags and flee the GOP
Losers Blame Others: Megyn Kelly Grills Pence Over Trump Lashing Out at the Media
Donald Trumps $100 Million Money Bomb Is a Dud: Trump Failed To Give His Campaign The Amount He Promised
Obama Urges Democrats to Turn Out in Force Against Donald Trump and G.O.P.
Senator Elizabeth Warren Tells Trump: Nasty Women Vote -- In introducing Hillary Clinton, the senator said, We nasty women are going to march our nasty feet to cast our nasty votes against Donald Trump.
In 1969, Fred Trump formed an exploratory committee to run for mayor of New York City. He did not end up running, but he did end up making a shockingly racist campaign ad depicting black people as "dope men"
Donald Trump jokes that its okay for his supporters to commit voter fraud
Competitive US House Districts
Michael McFaul (Former Ambassador to Russia) on Twitter: "What makes America great is that we hand over power through peaceful elections. For the 1st time in our history, Trump just challenged that."
Former Canadian PM Laments There's No Pill For Trump's 'Stupidity'
New Hampshire poll: Clinton leads Trump by 15 points
Democrats Hope Trump Can Hand Them GOP Districts Like This One
Trump Goes Full Alex Jones: Hillary Secretly Meets With "International Bankers" To "Destroy" the U.S.
It Lost Black Voters. Now It's Losing Latinos. Whats Left Is a Broken, White GOP.
A new tool from the Clinton campaign randomly picks a year and compares what she and Trump were doing
More Women Come Forward With Donald Trump Groping Allegations
Wells Fargo's John Stumpf Out As CEO Immediately, And Getting No Severance Pay
Gerrymandering helped Republicans take control of Congress, but now it's tearing them apart over Trump
It's not too late to register to vote (But it will be soon!) This website makes it incredibly easy to register or get an absentee ballot
Unhinged Rudy Giuliani defends Donald Trump by pointing to Bill Clintons affair: There was semen on her dress!
The Real Donald Trump: Republicans who tried to pretend for months his vile misogyny was just an act can no longer hide from the truth.
More Trump tapes surface with crude sex remarks
I made a site called Dollar a Lie Club, where you can pledge to donate $1 to Hillary's campaign for every verified lie Donald Trump tells during the debates. It's easy, informal, and helped generate almost $700 in donations after the first debate.
North Carolina commissioner calls out GOP on fake voter fraud claims in hilariously sarcastic letter
Tim Kaine Says Mike Pences Running Mate Could Blow Up the World
Pence Adopts Classic Trump Strategy: Deny, Deny, Deny...Your Running Mate's Statements?
Vice presidential debate: Mike Pence rejects idea of insult-driven campaign while Trump tweets insults
The Time I Found Donald Trumps Tax Records in My Mailbox: A manila envelope led to old-style investigative journalism involving a meeting in a bagel shop and an IBM typewriter.
Big donors give $19 million for Democratic Senate
A Berniecrat's Argument Against Jill Stein and For Hillary Clinton
Senators ask USGA to move Women's Open from Trump course | Golf Channel
Republicans Are Threatening Lawsuits to Block Ads Tying Them to Trump
You Look Like a Woman!: Mob of Trump Supporters Hurls Abuse at CNN's Jim Acosta
Trump, threatening nearly a dozen sexual assault accusers, vows to sue
Americans Wages Just Hit An All-Time High
Carl Bernstein: Trump is Setting Himself Up to Head Neo-Fascist Movement
Republican voter ID laws, other election changes may confuse Voters
Youre Lying to Yourself if You Think Trump is the Answer
Stephen Helps President Obama Polish His Rsum
'Wall' of taco trucks being erected at Trump hotel
Trump's Rigged Game - Two ways the candidate charges this election is rigged are absurd. The third is absurdly dangerous.
If Hillary Clinton Groped Men
My son confused Ivanka with Ivana, but quickly saved by pointing out that -to Donald- it doesn't make a difference.
BREAKING: 'Apprentice' contestant comes forward Summer Zervos accuses Donald Trump of 'inappropriate sexual conduct' (Video Interview)
Former Trump Employee: I 'Absolutely' Believe Sexual Misconduct Allegations
Hillary Clinton Will [Almost Certainly
The 2016 electoral map is rapidly slipping away from Donald Trump
Republicans fed the monster for far too long. Now hes devouring them.
Scandal! WikiLeaks reveals Hillary Clinton to be . . . reasonable.
Donald Trump: Sexual assault bragging is locker room banter. Now let's talk about ISIS.
Jeffrey Goldberg (National Correspondent, The Atlantic) on Twitter: "Donald Trump knows that Russia was behind the hack because he had a classified briefing on the subject."
New polls serve as a reminder that Donald Trump was in deep trouble even before the tape
For the First Time in a Century the Columbus Dispatch Endorses a Democrat
Ex-GOP gov Whitman says she's backing Clinton
Clinton campaign waiting for debate to unleash on Trump: The campaign has gone quiet and asked surrogates to do the same, waiting for Sunday nights debate to pounce.
Senator Cruz sadly works a phone bank for Trump. You can see the pain in his beady little eyes......... [I know that we frown on Memes here, but I could not resist.
Why Trumps winning temperament is turning into a political loser
Clinton Foundation: Those Hacked Files Arent Ours
Mike Pence To America: Pretend Trump Never Said Those Things He Said
Trump Used Foundation Funds for 2016 Run, Filings Suggest
The real Donald Trump, everyone: having lost The First Debate, the Republican Nominee Went on a historic rampage.
Trumps strange post-Comey strategy: focusing on blue states rather than must-win battlegrounds where he has a chance. Emotion rather than reason?
"How do I protect myself if Trump is elected?"
FBI Obtains Warrant for Newly Discovered Emails in Clinton Probe  as Reid Accuses Comey of Hatch Act Violation
How FBI Director Comey Ignored His Boss and Broke DOJ Rules to Announce Clinton Email Investigation: The nation's top law enforcement officer puts himself above the law.
North Carolina lost out on a $250 million business expansion because of its 'bathroom law'
Oath Keepers Promise to Patrol the Polls on Election Day: With Donald Trump doubling down on claims of a rigged election, the Oath Keepers is calling all members to rush to the polls and monitor for voter fraud.
Donald Trumps campaign has become one big airing of grievances: About 15 percent of Trump's public comments in recent days have been complaints about the election and the media.
Rep. Ellison calls for DOJ to investigate Joe Walsh tweet
Donald Trump criticized Obama in 2011 for not getting out of Iraq sooner
Donald Trump Probably Believe In Eugenics [VIDEO
Has Wikileaks Been Infiltrated by Russian Spies? -- Leak group has a troubling history with the Kremlin
Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos says Donald Trump is eroding our democracy
When Hillary Clinton "ran the State Department, $6 billion was missing. How do you miss $6 billion? You ran the State Department, $6 billion was either stolen  they don't know."  Donald Trump on Wednesday, October 19th, 2016 in the third presidential debate
Americas Voting Machines Are a Disaster in the Making - Forget Russian hackers or Donald Trump's fear-mongering about voter fraud. This election could be compromised for another reason entirely.
Bruce Springsteen calls Donald Trump a 'moron'
When the facts dont matter, how can democracy survive?
Homer Votes 2016
The Fury and Failure of Donald Trump | "Win, lose or drop out, the Republican nominee has laid waste to the American political system. On the trail for the last gasp of the ugliest campaign in our nation's history"
Why so much blatant racism is bubbling to the surface: Several recent outbursts of overt racism show how social media and the presidential race are stirring up sentiments that were deeply buried. And Donald Trump, with his brash style, has helped lead the charge.
New polling shows Democrats really could take back the House, so we're making more endorsements
Republicans deserve their sad fate: This is what the GOP gets for devaluing the calling of public service
Threatening to jail political opponents isn't normal, and needs to be condemned
We knew this Trump all along: Republicans may be dismayed by the super-predator they saw and heard in the video, but they have no business being surprised.
A Nevada rat deserts the sinking Trump ship. Like all the other rats, he's months too late.
Donald Trumps poll-watching voter fraud squad sounds like it could easily lead to voter intimidation
The voter registration deadline is THIS week for 20+ states. Check your state and register now!
Hillary Clinton has earned nearly every newspaper endorsement of the general election.
The main reasons why the NY Times tax story could be devastating for Trump
Journalists Criticize Outlets Who Ignored FBI Letter And Ran With Republican Congressmans Spin
Trump U Staff Included Drug Trafficker, Child Molester
Two-thirds of Americans think Clinton will win  which may be the best predictor that she will
Crowd sings 'Happy Birthday' to Hillary Clinton
How Russia's Twitter Bots And Trolls Work With Donald Trump Campaign Accounts
Oh My: GOP Senator Calls Out Hannity for Tweet Praising WikiLeaks
New York Daily News Front Page, October 21, 2016.
Trumps idea for a sneak attack on ISIS in Mosul isnt actually possible -- We didnt sneak up on Berlin in World War II, and were not going to do a surprise attack on Mosul either.
Trump Organization uses really, really insecure e-mail servers. Sad!
Arizona poll: Clinton leads Trump by 5 points
DCCC Chairman: Trump Video Will Lead to More Democratic House Seats
Clinton to nation: let's bury Trump under landslide | The daily briefing | US news
Rise: Michelle Obama calls on women to rise up against Trump
3 more women just accused Donald Trump of sexual assault
Donald Trump is one more bullyboy in a world of strongmen
Alt-Right Dreams Of Trump Cabinet Full Of White Nationalists As GOP Fractures
See Mike Run: Pence Flees From Reporters When Asked About Paul Ryan Dumping Trump
The threat of Trumpie fuckery, obstruction, and possibly violence at the polls means people should be urged to vote early / absentee if they can.
CNNs Dana Bash: Trumps stunning threat to jail Clinton was like Stalin or Hitler
Col. Morris Davis (Guantanamo Chief Prosecutor 2005-07) On Twitter: "I hope @realDonaldTrump uses his Obamacare to get his severe chronic sinus condition treated."
Front page, New York Daily News, October 9, 2016.
Remember When Ivanka Said "My Dad Is Not A Groper" Back In May?
An unlikely Bush finally did some damage to Donald Trump: Billy Bush
The Tampa Bay Times, Florida's most widely circulated newspaper, endorses Hillary Clinton for President.
The Clinton campaign taps Al Gore to help solve their Millennial problem
Col. Morris Davis (Guantanamo Chief Prosecutor 2005-07) On Twitter: ".@megynkelly has a law degree. @seanhannity has a high school diploma. Hannity is an all-in TrumpHole. Go figure."
Mike Pence Pretends That Trump Never Happened: The vice-presidential nominee points to one path forward for Republicans in 2020albeit one that seems unlikely to work.
Can Mike Pence's Denial of Reality Work for Him? -- Fact-checkers are having a field day with the Republican vice-presidential nominees statements during the debate.
6 things Trump definitely said that Pence claimed he didnt
Hypocrite: Watch Donald Trump Lecture Americans for Not Paying Taxes
Ronald Reagan's son on Trump: No way do I or would my father support this garbage.
Comey was against releasing information on FBI's Trump-Russia investigation,saying it was too close to the election.
Trump: 'We should just cancel the election and just give it to Trump'
U.S. economy surges to strongest growth in two years
TYT Town Hall: Jill Stein's Lackluster Answer To Sam Seder's Question On Green Party Plans
Why Trump's call for poll watching terrifies the RNC - Rachel Maddow does an awesome segment discussing John Barry, a lawyer who represented the RNC during their poll-watching intimidation tactics in the 1980s. (Oh and Barry was married to Trump's older sister who he wants to nominate for SCOTUS)
In historic Gettysburg, Lincoln spoke of unity; Trump complained of a totally rigged system
Ex-chess champ Kasparov: Russia 'absolutely' trying to elect Trump
Right-wing media have stoked fears of voter fraud to defend Trumps claims dead people & illegal aliens are voting. in doing so theyve falsely conflated registration fraud with in-person voter fraud; both are rare, & the latter is nonexistent.
North Carolina slashed their early voting hours and now this is what the lines look like: The state could decide both the presidential election and control of the Senate.
CNN INSTANT POLL: Clinton wins final debate by wide margin, completes hat trick
Garry Kasparov (Chairman of the Human Rights Foundation , 13th World Chess Champion) on Twitter: "Trump refusing to accept election results & his loyalty to Putin are the same plan to weaken US. He's Putin's stooge. He confessed on stage."
Miami Herald endorses Patrick Murphy for the Senate over Marco Rubio
Trump urging gun-toting supporters to break voter intimidation laws. There is going to be a great need for progressive, liberal and Dem volunteers to make sure everyone who wants to vote can do so safely
N.H. Democrats bid adieu to Jefferson-Jackson, say hello to Kennedy-Clinton
Creationist and VP candidate Mike Pence says evolution is "just a theory" and argues that creationism should be taught in schools
Ben Carsons Morning Joe interview was jaw-droppingly bad
CPJ chairman says Trump is threat to press freedom
Clinton the resilient shows she's tougher than Trump the bully
His Hands Were All Over Me
Trump Looking At Young Girls: "I'm Going To Be Dating Her In 10 Years"
Reasonable Republicans cant save the GOP from Trump: They're the ones who created him in the first place.
Trump campaign co-chairman says Trump was coached not to answer debate questions: Trumps puzzeling strategy, explained
Hillary Clinton draws big crowd at Ohio State
Threat to Jail Clinton Smacks of Tin-Pot Dictators, Experts Say: The assertion takes its place in a litany of Mr. Trumps statements that many legal specialists have portrayed as a threat to the rule of law.
After debate, Ohio GOP chairman unsure whether he'll vote for Donald Trump: Trump was so bad, he made the dog throw up,
A vicious presidential debate: With his campaign sinking, he decided the best response was to snarl and double down on old falsehoods.
Trump Ally Roger Stone's Group Paid Sexual Assault Victim Critical Of Hillary Clinton
albertina rizzo (Writer for The Tonight Show starring Jimmy Fallon) on Twitter ""Yeah, by the pussy. I know...anyway, can I count on you to...hello?""
White Nationalist PAC Rolls Out Pro-Trump Radio Ad Targeting Swing States
Says Donald Trump "hasnt broken his promise" to release his tax returns.  Mike Pence on Tuesday, October 4th, 2016 in the vice presidential debate
Tim Kaine Rubbed Mike Pences Nose in Trumps Crazy
Trump Isnt Just Having a Bad Week. Hes Being Exposed
Elizabeth Warren HUMILIATES Kelly Ayotte For Saying Trump Is A Role Model For Kids
LeBron James: Why I'm endorsing Hillary Clinton
Donald Trump Cant Shut Down New York Times Tax Leak Showing He Lost Nearly $1 Billion in 1995: Donald Trump may fashion himself as a winner, but the law is on the side of The New York Times. Plus, when it comes to speech-related his attempts in the past to shut down opponents have failed miserably.
How Hostile Poll-Watchers Could Hand Pennsylvania to Trump
A veteran spy has given the FBI information alleging a Russian operation to cultivate Donald Trump
We now know James Comey really did apply two different standards to Trump and Clinton. Somehow, #Comeygate just got even worse.
Can the FBI Sway an Election?
Republican Mark Kirk hits Democrat Tammy Duckworth over Thai heritage in Illinois Senate debate: "I had forgotten that your parents came all the way from Thailand to serve George Washington."
Ken Jennings (World's Greatest Jeopardy Champion) on Twitter: "Joe Walsh musket. --Joe Walsh musket who? Joe Walsh musket a lot of visits from the Secret Service."
Why Donald Trump Has Never Won a Libel Case: He's A Courtroom Loser
Michigan Republicans Cancel Election Night Party
Trump's campaign manager says he's too busy to sue those women, will do it later
A Democrat Deft With a Firearm Tightens the Race for the Senate
Adult film actress accuses Trump of offering $10,000 to come alone to hotel suite
Economists: A Trump win would tank the markets - If GOP nominee pulls off a Brexit-like surprise, Wall Street would face a Brexit-like stock plunge.
Rebecca Ballhaus (@WSJ) on Twitter: "Trump spending on payroll/field consulting in Sept: $1.7 million. Trump spending on hats and other campaign merchandise: $3.7 million."
Arizona Democrats sense momentum in final weeks of campaign
Death Spiral: Trump national political director Jim Murphy leaves campaign less than 20 days before election
Americans are Embracing Bad Government Because They Don't Know History | "How did we get here? Well, Americans' knowledge of history is at an all-time low, so that might have something to do with it."
New poll: Trump lead shrinks in Texas, within margin of error
Michelle Obama Explains Why Trump's Comments About Women Are So Horrific
As voting begins in Ohio, confusion reigns: A series of bills and court decisions this year could disenfranchise thousands of voters in the crucial swing state.
Republican Rep. Blake Farenthold of Texas: If Audio of Trump Celebrating Rape Came Out, I'd Need 'Context' to Unendorse
IMPORTANT!!! *** Paul Ryan Is Planning a Revolution, and It Starts in January ***
Clinton Says She Was Surprised by Trumps Avalanche of Falsehoods
Sam Wang, Princeton Election Consortium: "Todays estimated Clinton win probability is 93%...Until now I thought the House was likely to remain Republican. If Trump is enough of an anchor, Democrats have an outside chance"
Source: Trump attempted boardroom kiss
How will Republicans respond to Donald Trump's brag about grabbing women 'by the p----'?
Former GOP congressmen lash out at Trump
A President Trump could destroy the world economy
When 2016 is over, the GOP will pretend Donald Trump never existed
The Movement to End Racist Voting Laws
Judge Substance, Not Style: The truth means something when were scoring a debate.
All of Mike Pence's Awful Positions on Women's Rights
Mike Pence cant believe Tim Kaine would insult Donald Trump by quoting him
Donald Trump says, I love the vets. His record shows otherwise.
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: A person who implies that veterans suffering from PTS are not "strong" is unfit to be Commander-in-Chief. Period.
The Daily News also had Trump's tax return -- they just couldn't verify it
Trump suggests military members with mental health issues arent strong and cant handle it
"Chertoff's support for Clinton is notable not only because of his work for President George W. Bush's administration but because he was a Republican prosecutor who led the Congressional investigation into the Whitewater controversy involving the Clintons real estate investments."
Clintons critics know shes guilty, they're just trying to decide what she's guilty of
Texans for Hillary chair: I am convinced this is our time
The Surprise Senate Race: How Missouri Became a Key Battleground
Surely there Must Be Some Recourse, Punishment or Penalty for GOP Blocking SC Nominations... Right?
Electing Hillary Isnt Enough: A new President Clinton can save us from Donald Trump  but not a broken Republican Party.
Megyn Kelly said Trump might be a sexual predator. Then things got very intense.
Clinton Leads by 7 Points in North Carolina Poll
Clinton's projected Electoral College tally: 326 to Trump's 212
In several key states, the early vote has shifted heavily to the Democrats since 2012
This Khizr Khan ad for Hillary Clinton is incredibly powerful
Trumps Final Debate Was a Slow-Motion Meltdown: It was the election in miniature.
6 People Come Forward to Back Up Writer's Claim of Alleged Trump Sexual Assault
Citing 'obscene' disenfranchisement, federal judge hands Democrats another Florida court victory
#LoserDonald Complains Hillary Must Be Doping to Beat Him
Megyn Kelly & Judge Napolitano on Fox News: The Facts Behind Bill's Accusers. Previously investigated, serious problems with proof.
Trump Supporters Rally for Women to Lose the Right to Vote With #RepealThe19th
San Antonio Cops Face Discipline For Greeting Trump In MAGA Hats
Asian-American Voters Are Diverse But Unified Against Donald Trump
Trump supporter leaves CNN anchor speechless
Trump cant stop his campaigns death spiral
Max Boot (CFR senior fellow) on Twitter: "Trump thinks ISIS would have no idea that US and Iraq will attack Mosul if no one said anything. He is beyond naive."
Please stop saying that word: A CNN panel for the ages
Make-up artist who sued Donald Trump in 1997 harassment case says p---y grabbing is exactly what he did to me: Harth sued Trump in 1997, claiming the bawdy businessman sexually harassed her for years and attempted to rape her at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida.
U.S. government officially accuses Russia of hacking campaign to influence elections
Report: Lobbyist For Russian Pipeline Helped On Trump Foreign Policy Speech -- Richard Burt helped shape the candidate's first foreign-policy speech while lobbying on behalf of a Moscow-controlled gas company.
Springsteen On Tragic 2016 Race: The Republic Is Under Siege By A Moron
Mike Pence Plays Voters for Dumb: Tries to Mislead the American people About His Running Mate.
Clinton camp: Trump's campaign is 'panicked'
Clinton Mocks Trump: What Kind of Genius Loses $1B?
I'm from Atlantic City. I've seen how Donald Trump's false promises devastate a community.
Do You Know More About Health Than Donald Trump? The candidate lacks a basic understanding of the enormous problems with American medical care.
Justice officials warned FBI that Comeys decision to update Congress was not consistent with department policy
Paul Krugman Puts Obamacare's Problems in Perspective - News of a "death spiral" has been greatly exaggerated.
State of the Race with HFA Campaign Manager Robby Mook | Hillary Clinton
Clinton eyes Biden for secretary of state
For Democrats, defeating Donald Trump isnt enough
How Deep Will 2016's Blue Wave Be? Progressives Push Many Candidates and Issues Up and Down Political Ladder
Cruz: GOP may block Supreme Court nominees indefinitely
House Republicans are already preparing for years of investigations of Clinton
Schumer urges Congress to OK emergency Social Security payments
Democrats Test Newly Competitive States
Inside the Democrats narrow path to the House majority
Democrats Are Projected To Win Up To 7 Senate Seats, And Heres Why That Matters
How Half Of America Lost Its F**king Mind
Clintons Specter of Illegitimacy: Why is the election rigged at the very moment that a woman is on the verge of victory?
For Republicans Abandoning Donald Trump, Obama Has a Message: Too Late
Oprah Winfrey Just Got Real About Hillary Clinton
Looking Past Trump, Clinton Aims to Help Other Democrats
Trump Foundation Paid Activist Filmmaker James O'Keefe
'Terry? This is Joe Biden.' How the vice president helped a grieving Omaha father
Jorge Ramos: How Trump Emboldened Hate Groups in America -- In a new interview, Univision anchor Jorge Ramos talks Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton.
Biden on Trump: I Wish We Were in High School and I Could Take Him Behind the Gym
Donald Trump to Judge Curiel: please don't let my groping mess up my grifting
Donald Trumps conspiracy theories about voting in Philadelphia are preposterous
lets not forget what we're dealing with...Stop Him.
Democrats Eye Big Gain in House Seats
1,000 Christian Women Ignore Male Leaders, Slam Trump
Trump, increasingly Unhinged, turns fire on GOP as well as Democrats
A List Of The Accusations About Trump's Alleged Inappropriate Sexual Conduct
[ Democratic Patriots FUND Alzheimer's Research 
The Election That Mattered: Daley makes the case that if you dont understand what happened in 2010, you dont understand something fundamental about why American politics is the way it is today.
Donald Trump Isnt Campaigning to Run a Democracy: The Republican nominees rhetoric at the debate was more dictator than leader of the free world Max Boot.
Trump Puts the Banana in Banana Republic
Behold the Best Tweets of the Second Presidential Debate
Major Newspaper Headlines Absurdly Blame Both Candidates For Personal Attacks At Debate
Stephanopoulos Reveals Priebus Flaked on Interview Because He Couldnt  Defend Trump
How Donald Trump Could Send Republicans Crashing Down: Todd Akin and Mark Foley offer examples of how scandals can damage candidates and congressional majorities.
Evangelical Leaders Shrug At Donald Trump's Lewd Comments
Donald Trump: King of the Old Boys Club, and Perhaps Its Destroyer -- A taped conversation involving the Republican nominee shows a world women rarely see, and may not forget before Election Day.
A 90-Year-Old Woman Whos Voted Since 1948 Was Disenfranchised by Wisconsins Voter-ID Law
Donald Trumps remarkably gross comments about women
Trump Was RecordedBragging About Grabbing Women by the P***y
Trump continues to blast Central Park Five long after they were exonerated: 'They admitted they were guilty'
Dems look for Senate upset in Missouri
How much damage could a President Trump do? We can only begin to imagine.
Obamas Approval Rating Continues To Climb | President Barack Obamas approval rating stands at 55% in a new CNN/ORC poll, the highest mark of his second term, and matching his best at any time since his first year in office."
True: Trumps plan would significantly raise taxes on the middle class
Trump Helped Finance Religious Right Groups Before Presidential Bid
Donald Trump Is a Worse Crook Than Bernie Madoff. Madoff only scammed his rich clients. Trump could scam us all.
The Trump Team's 'Genius' Spin on Unpaid Taxes: The idea that the Republican candidate showed his business acumen by avoiding tax obligations may resonate with many of his supporters.
Corpus Christi Caller-Times: Our support for @HillaryClinton is enthusiastic
Trump Finishes His Very Bad Week by Driving His Trainwreck off a Cliff
Democrats declare open season on Jim Comey
Beneath Cheers at Donald Trumps Rallies, Dark Fears Take Hold: People are going to march on the capitols, said Mr. Halbrook, who works at a call center. Theyre going to do whatever needs to be done to get her out of office, because she does not belong there.
Indiana officials are trying to block almost 45,000 black citizens from voting: Police raided the largest voter registration drive in the state with the lowest voter turnout in the country.
Obamas post-presidency political focus: Redistricting
Could Hillary Clinton Win Texas? Some Democrats Say Maybe
Which Republicans Oppose Donald Trump? A Cheat Sheet - Michael Steele becomes the sixth former chair of the Republican National Committee to say he will not vote for the GOP nominee.
Trumps Donors Paid For His Jetliner, His Hotels And Now, His Books
Obama to endorse 30 more House candidates
Competitive US Senate Seats
EVERYTHING you need To Know About Hillary All In One Place
DecaturDaily.com - Clinton is the better choice | Significance? This is Decatur Alabama - Alabama, where 99.5% are trumpster voters.
Captain Khan | Hillary Clinton
If you want to rig an election 
Ayotte down 8 points in latest New Hampshire Senate poll
Trump Camp Will Fake Exit Polls, Possibly to Intimidate Voters and Lay Groundwork for Post-Election Shenanigans
Moron Trump: Thinks when you give to the clinton foundation, She get's a check.
(((Yair Rosenberg))) (Senior writer, @tabletmag) on Twitter: "Obama's Kenyan half-brother wants to abolish Israel and backs Hamas, which advocates Jewish genocide. Trump is bringing him to the debate."
Make GOP Stand Up to Voter Intimidation
Time and Time Again, Donald Trump Threatens Free Speech
Democrats need to stop complaining and gOTV
A Complete Guide To Early And Absentee Voting
Life after Trump: Republicans brace for betrayal and civil war after 2016 | US news
Trump's supporters talk rebellion, assassination at his rallies
Armed Trump Supporters 'Protest' Outside Virginia Democrat's Campaign Office
New Trump Accuser Coming Forward Today
Senate Polls Meandering Toward Presidential Race -- "Bottom line: I suspect that Senate polls will move slightly toward Democrats in the closing weeks"
Michelle Obama: The Clinton surrogate that could finish off Trump
I cannot look away: The Trump campaign reminds me of the white Ford Bronco, driving day after day toward...
Trump Faces Another Accusation -- This Time, He Looked Up Models' Skirts
Trump Threatens to Sue The Times Over Article on Unwanted Advances
Check out Trump tape: How Democrats are using Trump's hot-mic fiasco
Two Women Say Donald Trump Touched Them Inappropriately
Folks in Arizona, Indiana & Ohio, In-Person Early Voting starts from TODAY. Find your nearest polling center and get your friends and family to vote ASAP.
Teen Beauty Queens Say Trump Walked In On Them Changing
Can You Guess Whether Donald Trump Or An Actual Dictator Said These Things?
Donald J. Trump Grabbed and Tried to Kiss Arianne Zucker and saying Bye, baby
Obamas Numbers October 2016 Update
"These are radical Islamic terrorists, and (Hillary Clinton) won't even mention the word."  Donald Trump on Sunday, October 9th, 2016 in the second presidential debate
Were finally starting to see what Trumps stance on tech might look like: Trump's rumored tech adviser fought net neutrality and called for the breakup of Microsoft.
Trump, companies accused of mistreating women in at least 20 lawsuits
CNN's Presidential Pre-Debate Coverage is "Sponsored by Vote4Energy.com". Pro Fossil Fuel policy Group Given Sponsor role and Commercials on front and Back end of every break; Given direct sponsor role.
Donald Trump Could Have Been President: Lets never forget what a terrifying thing we almost did.
Robert De Niro: I'd like to punch 'bozo' Trump in the face
In 2012, Donald Trump tried to expose himself to attorney Gloria Allred, then questioned her gender identity
Republican Rep. Barbara Comstock of Virginia urges Trump to drop out of race
There's No Longer Any Legal Way For Republicans To Boot Donald Trump From The Ballot
Snarling Congresscreep Darrell Issa Running Behind Democrat In New Poll. Cry, Darrell Issa, Cry!
What About the Planet? -- Why is the media not raising climate change as part of the presidential race?
ASU Democrats register, lock in voters for 2016 election
Kamala Harris wins endorsements from Barbara Boxer and Dianne Feinstein in U.S. Senate race
Ryan plans to steamroll Democrats with budget tool
"Gov. Pence said, inarguably, Vladimir Putin is a better leader than President Obama."  Tim Kaine on Tuesday, October 4th, 2016 in the vice presidential debate in Farmville, Va.
WikiLeaks Trolls Trump World, Delivers Nothing on Hillary
Mike Pence's Fantasy Running Mate
Hillary Clinton campaign manager: Donald Trump's campaign is "panicked"
Pitts: For GOP, defeat is not enough
Jill Steins Ideology Says One ThingHer Investment Portfolio Says Another
GOP Consultant: Donald Trump Isnt a Republican, Hes a Deranged Clown
John Harwood (CNBC) on Twitter: "senior GOP Senate strategist: "Trump now tied in Indiana. down 11 in PA and 14 in NH. going down hard""
Inside The Strange, Paranoid World Of Julian Assange: The WikiLeaks founder is out to settle a score with Hillary Clinton and reassert himself as a player on the world stage, says BuzzFeed News special correspondent James Ball, who worked for Assange at WikiLeaks.
Vladimir Putin is trying to hack the election. What should US do?
We Are Democrats
Online Countdown Clock Lets You Know How Long Its Been Since Trump Threatened a Lawsuit
Col. Morris Davis (Guantanamo Chief Prosecutor 2005-07) On Twitter: ".@realDonaldTrump gains by telling a blatant lie to fear monger sheepeople too stupid to know they're being conned." Click link!
Republican condemnation of Trump should be deafening
Richard Branson Says Trump Vowed to Exact Vengeance Upon Those Who Deserted Him
Many voters don't know you need two stamps for mail-in ballots
Michelle Obamas speech in Phoenix was a stirring defense of everyone left out of Trumps America
Hillary Clintons masterful manipulation of Donald Trump
Could Trump Help Turn an Open Virginia Seat Blue?
Donald Trump's Abortion Fanfic: The GOP candidate vowed to overturn Roe v. Wade and drummed up ghastly images of babies ripped from wombspeddling in the worst kind of anti-abortion myths.
The KKKs Official Newspaper Just Endorsed Trump
Trump tensions with party causing headaches down ballot
Democrats hope to end Indiana Statehouse supermajorities
In Missouri, two Democrats try to survive on the other side of the blue wall
Why I left the Republican Party to become a Democrat
All the assault and harassment allegations against Donald Trump: A comprehensive timeline.
This Doesnt Throw Me: Trump Backers Unfazed by Claims of Bad Behavior
Insulin Prices Soar While Drugmakers Share Stays Flat
Womens rights advocates coopt #repealthe19th - The Boston Globe
What Elizabeth Warren Really Wants From Hillary Clinton
US Election 2016: Trump 'groped woman like an octopus' - BBC News
Judge Extends Florida Voter Registration Deadline to October 18th
Teen Beauty Queens: Trump Walked In On Us Changing
The Republican Party Made Donald Trump. Now Donald Trump Is Destroying the Republican Party. -- Most of the party is still standing behind this madman. But hes willing to take them all down to punish the 15 percent who are straying.
When Powerful Men Play the Victim: Donald Trump is forever claiming hes a victim. Like many dangerous figures before him, he uses that act to attract supporters who fear losing their sense of privilege.
Melania's Pussy Bow blouse reminds me of prisoners of war blinking "torture" out in morse code
House Democrats believe Trump troubles give them real shot at retaking majority
Owned by Trump: In his final capitulation, all Mike Pence gave away was his autonomy, integrity and dignity
Trump has no idea whats going on in Syria
For Many Women, Trumps Locker Room Talk Brings Memories of Abuse
Donald Trump Goes Full Rage-Monster on Hillary and Bill Clinton: Tens of millions tuned in to an event of historic darkness, dominated by conspiratorial accusations, unflinching rage, and hints at despotism.
The disgusting debate showed Donald Trump at his ugliest
Eli Williams (@Evan_McMullin 2016 Staff) on Twitter: "@realDonaldTrump talks about African Americans yet turned down meetings with the NAACP, NABJ and Urban League. #debate"
Rick Wilson (GOP Strategist) on Twitter: "No, Donald. You're not a gentleman."
John Archibald [Columnist at Alabama Media Group and @aldotcom (The Birmingham News, Huntsville Times and Mobile Press Register)
Dear Republican leaders who endorsed Trump: You own him
Trump takes town hall question from supporter who wants Hillary Clinton killed by firing squad
Robert De Niro Wants to Punch Donald Trump in the Face | VICE | United States
Trump Campaign Defends Sons' Appearances On Show With Ties To White Nationalist
Trump slams broad array of people while speaking to a friendly town-hall audience
David Fahrenthold (WaPo) on Twitter: "I've now called 386 charities, looking for millions @realDonaldTrump says he gave away. Still a chance the Dwyer H.S. Band (#380) got it all"
Trump denied use of NC civil rights museum: Campaign wanted use for photo-op, since then museum staff members have received threats via phone calls and social media threatening to come over and burn down the building and to shoot up the building
Trump fans heckle 7-year-old girl with disabilities for trying to leave Colorado rally early
WATCH: New Hillary Clinton ad demolishes every Mike Pence lie from vice presidential debate
Aftermath of Kaine-Pence debate pits reality against alternate reality By David Weigel
Seems like Pence forgot a lot of the things Trump has been saying throughout his campaign! Here to help:
How Trumps praise of Putin could cost him the election
And the Big October Surprise Press Conference From Wikileaks Revealed Absolutely Nothing
Poll: Clinton has double-digit lead in Colorado
Trump Campaign Pilot Charged with Aggravated Battery With Deadly Weapon. Also, Trump Georgie State Director Arrested On Multiple Felonies and North Carolina State Director Resigns After Pulling Gun On Campaign Staff.
ATTENTION: Alaska, Arkansas, Mississippi, Rhode Island, South Carolina, & Utah!  This is your last week to register to vote!
I'm a Conservative Republican, and I'm Voting for Hillary Clinton for the Sake of the Republic - The Liberty Standard
The Very Political James Comey: The FBI director says he doesnt "give a hoot about politics. But when it comes to Clinton and her emails, hes made a series of political decisions that have jeopardized the integrity of the FBIand the U.S. election process.
Bruce Springsteen: You can change a life in three minutes with the right song | Guardian
Why the FBI's October Surprise email may have limited impact on the election outcome
Inside the knock-down, drag-out fight to turn North Carolina blue
What To Do When Faced With Voter Intimidation
Pussy Riot Depicts a Horrifyingly NSFW America Under President Trump
Op-Ed: Why Trumps rigged-election claim is likely to backfire
How the National Enquirer Saved the GOP and then Unwittingly Killed it
Former Sen. Bill Bradley Forms Anti-Trump Super PAC
Watch Donald Trump Supporter Marco Rubio Get Booed Offstage by a Crowd of Latino Voters
Nearly 40% of Consumers Say They Will Shun Trump Businesses
Clinton Leads By Eight Points In Siena/NYT Upshot North Carolina Poll
Clinton Readies Post-Election Push on Highways, Corporate Taxes
The 'Stain' Of Sticking With Donald Trump To The End | Morning Joe | MSNBC
Now Is Not The Time To Go Green [Party
The Daily 202: How Democrats are dominating early voting in Nevada
Perils Of Eroded Civic Knowledge Forewarned | Rachel Maddow | MSNBC
Target Hits Bullseye As Top 2016 US Corporate Solar Installer
Kyle Griffin (Producer on MSNBC's @TheLastWord) on Twitter: "Inbox: 11th Accuser comes forward against Donald Trump with Gloria Allred Tomorrow."
Half of Republicans would reject election result if Clinton wins: Reuters/Ipsos
Trumps new justification for attacking the Clintons: Michelle Obama started it!
Donald Trump is in a funk: Bitter, hoarse and pondering, If I lose. . . -- From the final debate to a charity roast, the GOP nominee is struggling amid worsening poll numbers.
Captain Khan
Jockeying heats up for DNC chairmanship
Joe Biden wants to make sure Democrats dont give up on Trump voters
Jorge Ramos Wants You To Know What Makes Trump So Dangerous
Those Loyal Trumpkins were Tricked by Trump
Early voting numbers promising for Clinton in battleground states
American Gut Check: Trump is bereft of patriotism, and seems to hate the country he wants to lead.
In several key states, the early vote has shifted heavily to the Democrats since 2012
U.S. ELECTION WRAP: Rubio'ss Hold on Florida Senate Seat in Question
Obama defends Obamacare, acknowledges problems with the law
Trump thinks Chinas leaders are smarter. They didnt even let their people watch the debate.
Richard N. Haass (President, Council on Foreign Relations) on Twitter: "Defining feature of american democracy is legitimacy of vote & peaceful transfer of power. World will note that this is no longer a given"
Donald Trump Jr.s joke about Aurora theater shooting sparks anger in Colorado
Schilling says hell run against Elizabeth Warren if wife approves
Green Parties Internationally Condemn Russian Imperialism And War Crimes In Syria -- Unlike Dr Jill Stein & The U.S. Green Party
Watch Trump Say True When Called A Sexual Predator In 2006
Biden Hints at U.S. Response to Russia for Cyberattacks
SNLs Melania Trump Goes Full Beyonc in Lemonade Parody
Donald Trump has turned to scorched-earth campaigning. It could affect a lot more than the election
Don't be scared away from voting!
Half of Trump Supporters Dont Believe Economic Data
Michelle Obama's HEARTBREAKING Speech: 'This Is Not Something That We Can Ignore.'
Muslim Americans Respond To A Caustic Campaign By Raising Money And Mobilizing
Fox News Poll: Clinton Leads Trump By 7 Points
A timeline of Donald Trump's alleged sexual misconduct: who, when and what | US new
Footage surfaces of Trump making questionable remark about 10-year old girl
New York Times report: Two women accuse Trump of inappropriate touching
Trump's ghost will haunt the GOP -- and possibly kill it
Spy Magazine Makes a brief but necessary comeback.
Analysis: By 2025, most of Donald Trumps tax cuts would go to the wealthiest 1% of Americans
Bigotry Bites Back
The cowardly GOP has engineered its own suicide
Dr. Jill Stein Owes Her Supporters Some Truth: She Won't Win
Donald Trump went there, on every scandal, real or fake
For Some Women, Donald Trump's Words on Bus Echo Louder Than Those at Debate: Mr. Trump may have uttered words about unfair trade deals or threats to national security, but what some voters heard instead was his voice on that searing tape.
Pussy Riot: The Republican Crack Up Over Trump Won't End Anytime Soon
Jamelle Bouie (@Slate Chief Political Correspondent. @CBSNews Political Analyst) on Twitter: "If not for that tape, Republican leaders were prepared to put a white nationalist in the Oval Office just so they could cut taxes."
With Hours To Go Before Presidential Debate, Trump Shows Signs Of Paranoid Breakdown
The Clintons Christian marriage: The staggering Evangelical hypocrisy over Hillarys refusal to divorce Bill
The Bottom Could Fall Out For Trump
Evangelical Leaders Urge Vote Against Donald Trump: The 'Integrity Of Our Faith Hangs In The Balance'
For Trumps Congressional Backers, Hell Is Empty, and All the Demons Are Here by rick wilson
Trump campaign released a new slogan and motto
Federal Judge Orders Hearing in Donald Trump Rape Lawsuit
Ivana Trump says she alone raised The Donald's kids
How Donald Trump supporters attack journalists
Trump blows off debate tune-up: In this public town-hall rehearsal, Trump shows hes put in as little 'prep' as the first time.
Getting Out the Millennial Vote
Anyone else notice a conspicuous lack of lawn signs after the primaries?
Kaine vs. Pence: When Midwestern Nice meets Midwestern Lies
Trumps use of debts and tax laws spurs concerns about his methods
Momentum shifts in battle for Senate
Mike Pence brazenly contradicted Trump on Russia and Syria
Oops: The RNC accidentally put up its Mike Pence won the debate post early
7 tweets by Trump about taxes that are very awkward now
Trump Senior Advisor Warns There Is A Fixed Presidential Election in the Making
Kurt Eichenwald (Contributing Editor, Vanity Fair; Senior Writer, Newsweek) On Twitter: "Let's talk about deplorables: They went after my CHILDREN on social media. Because I wrote some stories about their God. Sick, twisted ppl."
How Donald Trump Turned the Tax Code Into a Giant Tax Shelter -- If Mr. Trumps pattern of generating losses and using them to offset other income has continued, as seems likely, its obvious why he has not released his tax returns: because he hasnt paid any taxes.
Trump, allies try to Crisis Manage tax avoidance story
Trump Totally Loses It After NYT Tax Scoop: Rambles About Movies, Tells Supporters to Watch Voters in Certain Areas
Donald Trump rants about tax returns bombshell on Twitter but doesnt deny anything
What the FBI Directors letter about the Clinton emails really says
Who Killed More People? Jeffrey Dahmer or Mike Pence?
Pro-Trump Radio Host David Duke Suggests That Hillary Clinton Should Get The Electric Chair For Treason
Jill Colvin (AP) on Twitter: "This Trump supporter has a speaking "Lying Hillary" doll that hangs from a noose."
Im Pissed! Sean Hannity Absolutely Loses It Over Never Trumper Jerks and Evan McMullin
Ex-Rep. Joe Walsh: If Hillary Wins, Im Grabbing My Musket
Charity expected free event at Trump club, says its hit up for $20,000
Nate Cohn (NY Times) on Twitter: "Clinton is as strong or stronger in North Carolina and Florida than Obama was in Ohio in 2012, back when that was his "firewall.""
Attempting To Woo Latino Voters, Marco Rubio Gets Booed At Orlando Festival
WikiLeaks:"@McFaul WikiLeaks is an award winning independent media organization, funded entirely by its readers, ...." Michael McFaul (Former Ambassador to Russia):"You published a cable reporting on a friend of mine recommending that US support Medvedev, not Putin. My friend, Nemtsov, is now dead."
Report: Trump Claimed $17M in Fake Storm Damages
CNN Reporter Recalls Having Car Keyed, Producer Followed At Trump Rally
Sanders: My Emails Would Be Just As Harsh About Clinton
Listen To The Student Speech That Made Hillary Clinton Famous Overnight
Gov. Sam Brownback, advisers abandon report of Kansas economy
Alex von Tunzelmann (Historian) on Twitter: "Ex-KKK leader sends message of adoring support to Wikileaks. Wikileaks respond by... tweeting antisemitism."
Jim Acosta ((CNN's Senior White House Correspondent) on Twitter: "Spotted at Trump VA Beach rally - bullseye with Clinton's face on it"
Getting to Grips with the Trump Phenomenon
Shane Goldmacher (@Politico) on Twitter: "A New Yorker cover twist on Bill Clinton's old 1992 line "you get two for the price of one.""
Nate Silver Explains Just How Bad Donald Trump's Night Actually Was
Trump in 2008: Hillary Clinton will 'go down at a minimum as a great senator'
Youre Lying to Yourself if You Think Trump is the Answer | The Closer with Keith Olbermann | GQ
Clinton super PAC starts Senate advertising
Dems use loophole to pump millions into fight for the House
Arsonist Donald Trump wants to torch our democracy. He will fail.
Bill Maher Has Some Very Sobering Things To Say About Trump In New Interview -VIDEO -
A Plan That Can Help Millions
The Clintonites Should Stop Freaking Out About WikiLeaks
Why is it so hard to vote in America? - The Big Picture
Ryan Avoids Talking Trump, Paints Grim Picture Of 'Liberal Progressive' Rule
Clinton's Wikipedia vandalized, replaced with pornographic image
Trump Isn't Teflon
Understanding Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton's Tax Plans
Three women accuse Trump of forcibly groping, kissing them
Donald Trumps strategy for minority Americans? Dont let them vote.
Here's Audio Of Trump Campaign CEO Saying: "What We Need To Do Is Bitch Slap" The GOP And Threatening To "Take It Over"
Nancy Pelosi: If election held today Dems would win back control of the House
Former Donald Trump Executive: Hes a Supreme Sexist -- Barbara Res worked for Donald Trump for 18 years, and while she never heard him say pussy, he made it clear he thought men were better than women.
Michael McDonald (@ElectProject) on Twitter: "Ground game asymmetry. In FL last month: -Rep party submitted 117 voter reg applications -Dem party submitted 6,920"
Trump Touts New Conspiracy That CNN Reporter Coached Focus Group
Is a photo ID reqired to vote in texas or is a voter registration card enough?
The House May Be in Play | RealClearPolitics
Attention Arizona, Washington & Hawaii - Today is Your last day to register
Donald Trump Tries to Drag Hillary Clinton, America, Down Into His Gutter: Trump pleased the base. But even if swing voters were more impressed with him than they expected to be, thats not impressed enough to think he really ought to be president.
Why Debate Night Won't End Trump's Nightmare: Donald Trump was unpersuasive in his attempt to minimize his predatory comments. Many voters dont yet know about his accusers. And his attempt to exploit Bill Clintons accusers will likely fail.
The second debate: The end of Trump?
The Daily 202: More than Trump, the Republican Party was the biggest loser in last nights debate
Anderson Cooper told Trump That is sexual assault. The Justice Department agrees.
Jeffrey Goldberg (National Correspondent, The Atlantic) on Twitter: "Just think about how remarkable it is that a Republican candidate for president won't say a bad word about Russian despotism."
Gillian Brockell (@washingtonpost) on Twitter: "Here's an undecided female voter when Trump called Clinton "the devil," which is everything you need to know about 2016. #debate"
It could be a thing: Trump women who were abused and had to sign a non-disparagement agreement could state categorically "Donald Trump did NOT (types of abuse) me in (year of abuse).
Inside Trump Tower, an Increasingly Upset and Alone Donald Trump: Shunned by many Republicans over his lewd comments about women, Mr. Trump spent most of Friday and Saturday at his headquarters as his advisers pondered his next steps.
Top Trump Donor Family Urges Him To Go On Attack.
Trump throws GOP into chaos
The audience tomorrow night could shun trump by turning their backs on him when he speaks.
'A Damaged Human Being': David Letterman Says Trump Should Be 'Shunned'
Dont Laugh at Trump Buying Nancy ODell Furniture  It Shows His Move Was Premeditated
In 1999, Trump Said He Couldnt Be President Because of the Women Hed Sleep With
Exclusive: Central Park Five Members Blast Trump for Insisting They're Guilty
Listen up Democrats! Tim Ryans "He will gut you" speech is exactly what is needed to counter Trump's broad-shouldered friend of the workin' man shtick.
If Trump Wins, Paul Ryan's Budget Plan Will Destroy 'Ordinary Americans'
Rick Wilson (GOP Strategist) on Twitter: ""The tortoise lays on its back, its belly baking in the hot sun, beating its legs trying to turn itself over, but it can't.""
Ralph Nader Supporters Warn Third-Party Voters: Don't Make The Same Mistake!
Pence goes rogue on Russia, roils Trump camp Michael McFaul, former U.S. Ambassador to Russia, talks with Rachel Maddow about Governor Mike Pence expressing a completely different view of Russia and Syria from his running mate, Donald Trump, and what kind of hazard that poses if Trump wins
Trump Reportedly Donated to Several AGs While They Considered Looking Into His Business
State police in Indiana, where Pence is governor, raid voter registration group offices, confiscate computers and files. Voter intimidation?
Rob Reiner: We are living All in the Family, and Donald Trump is Archie Bunker
Mike Pence Repeatedly Covered Up and Lied for Trump Through the Debate
Vice Presidential Debates Have Mattered Before. Here's A Look Back
Trump isnt smart, hes a freeloader
Donald Trump And The Felon: Inside His Business Dealings With A Mob-Connected Hustler
Police Accountability: Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (HBO)
Col. Morris Davis (Guantanamo chief prosecutor 2005-07) on Twitter: ".@realDonaldTrump's "genius" resulted in a loss of $916M in 1995 ... it takes effort to lose $17.5M a week every week for an entire year."
Republicans Wonder if Trump Can Recover From Worst Week in Presidential History: He's now a laughingstock and A punchline.
Why Trump tax revelation is stunning
James Gleick (Author Chaos) On Twitter: "Here is Donald complaining that the poor dont pay enough income tax."
Schumer deploys last-ditch Senate money drop
There is no email "scandal"
Fifteen Years Ago Mike Pence's Scandal Should Have Landed him in the Big House
Abandoning Donald Trump and, for Some Women, the G.O.P., Too
The U.S. Cyberwar With Russia Will Wait for President Hillary Clinton: American officials keep talking about how theyll hit back at Russia for hacking the DNC. But any counterstrike will have to wait until after the election.
The Surprise Senate Race: How Missouri Became a Key Battleground -- Jason Kander's success and Roy Blunt's struggles turned contest into one neither party is confident they'll win
Hillary Clintons millennial surge has arrived
Democrats launch early attack on Clintons 2020 challengers
Newt Gingrich Accuses Megyn Kelly of Being Fascinated with Sex, Gets Absolutely Obliterated
Megyn Kelly Politely Annihilates Newt Gingrich For Defending Donald Trump Against Sexual Assault Allegations
Former Ivanka Trump clothing company exec: We had to fight her to get basic maternity leave
Ivanka Trump Sued For Allegedly Copying Shoe Designs
TWO WEEKS BEFORE ELECTION DAY, TRUMP HAS 75 PENDING LAWSUITS: DOZENS OF THE 4,000-PLUS LAWSUITS INVOLVING TRUMP AND HIS BUSINESSES REMAIN OPEN.
Trump's Greatest Fear: Losing Status, Tapes Show
Senate Democrats Poised to Pick Up 5-7 Seats
Republican candidates threaten so sue over ads linking them to Trump
Trump Sex Assault Accuser Jill Harth Vows to Counter Sue for Emotional Hurt
Obama urges voters to crush Trump and Trumpism
Voter registration deadline: when can you register to vote in your state?
Rigged election? Trump is just hanging himself out to dry
Rick Wilson (GOP Strategist) on Twitter: "Twitter is full of stories of a merciless, brutal monster savagely beating a man to death. But enough about Hillary's campaign."
Meet The Press Panel Agrees: This GOP Needs To Die
The New Yorker Endorses Hillary Clinton
I Went to a Trump Rally Expecting Violence, What I Found Was Quiet Desperation
Michael Moore to Trump Voters: 'You're Legal Terrorists' - Rolling Stone
Clinton hammers vulnerable GOP senator in Pa.
Clinton: We know 'the difference between leadership and dictatorship'
Donald Trump Heckled by New York Elite at Charity Dinner
RNC Letter Warns Against Vigilante Poll Watchers | "The consent decree is due to expire next year, but if the GOP is found in violation it can be extended until 2025."
daveweigel (WaPo) on Twitter: "Strange of Trump to invite the Benghazi mom to the debate so she could watch him make Hillary Clinton president."
Casey Michel (investigative journalist) on Twitter: "Trump defended Putin ceaselessly, and refused to recognize a democratic vote. He'll be a fine ex-Soviet autocrat in the next life. #debate"
Sopan Deb (@cbsnews) on Twitter: "This might get buried but Trump accused the Iraqi military of going into Mosul to make Hillary Clinton look good. Quite a thing to say."
Reid pins Trump on Senate Republicans
Aziz Ansari Wants You to Vote
Attention Massachusetts..., This Is Your Last Day to Register To Vote
70 Nobel Laureates Endorse Hillary Clinton
Trump And His Wife Called This Woman A Liar. Then 6 Witnesses Came Forward And Corroborated Her Story.
Vietnamese-Americans Are No Longer A Lock For The Republican Party
Trumpcast - Donald Trump Is A Lot Of Things, But Is A Fascist One Of Them?
Slate's Trumpcast - Democracy Spawns A Tyrant
Trump on sex assault allegations: "I am a victim"
For Many GOP Women, Party Loyalty Trumps Personal Affront
Attention Delaware! - Today is your last day to register to Vote!
Hillary Clinton: Why America Is Exceptional
Why is it getting harder and harder to maintain friendships despite political disagreements?
Donald Trump accused of groping and kissing, as 3 women come forward - World
Palm Beach Post exclusive: Local woman says Trump groped her
(Xpost From R/IAMA) Erick Allen, A Democrat Running For Georgia State House, Is Answering Questions About Local Elections.
Daughters and Trumps: Memo to Republicans: You dont need to be a dad to be sickened by Donald. Just a human being.
Clinton campaign chairman ties email hack to Russians, suggests Trump had early warning: John Podesta said he spoke with the FBI on Sunday and that he had been told Tuesday that the intrusion into his email is now part of the wider inquiry.
Donald Trumps idea of locker room talk is as demeaning to men as it is to women by Sally Jenkins sports columnist for The Washington Post
The Trump Effect: Our kids and country are still being contaminated
Federal judge swipes at Scotts political poppycock, extends Fla. voter registration deadline
Donald Trump, Putins puppet
Scandal! WikiLeaks reveals Hillary Clinton to be . . . reasonable.
Donald Trump's Indifference to the Constitution: The Republican nominee has advertised his disregard for the constitutional limitations on the president's authority.
A Preview of a Despot: Human rights, civil rights, the rule of law: Trump doesnt believe in them, and he would like your vote.
Shep Smith Goes Off on Trump Over Debate Performance and Almost Fascist Jail Line
Trump finally enough of an electoral drag for GOP Sen. Kelly Ayotte to support his ouster
For anyone that is making the argument "Trump only used words, Bill Clinton acted on it" WORDS MATTER
Trump Ally Paid Sexual Assault Victim Critical of Clinton: A sexual-assault victim who is critical of Hillary Clinton and who appeared alongside Donald Trump before Sunday night's debate was paid $2,500 by a political action committee founded by Trump ally Roger Stone.
Trump sex tape lie is his most blatant lie yet
The questions Republicans will have to answer: The GOP is torn asunder.
Collateral Damage: Trump Could Take the GOP Down With Him
Democrats watch and plot as extinction-level event rocks the Trump campaign
Sen. Mike Lee urges Trump to quit, as Utah Republicans abandon their partys nominee
The King of False Equivalence [ Ryan, Thinks We Just Invented Reaganomics Yesterday, Unaware of it's Failure, esp. in Repub states. 
3 big questions Donald Trump will have to answer about this lewd video
Trump's Words Are Not 'Explicit Sex Talk' -- Concern isnt about being "lewd" or "graphic," but about being misogynistic, coercive, abusive, and dehumanizing.
U.S. Senate Moves To Investigate Donald Trump For Human Trafficking (DETAILS)
Barbara Boxer Backs California Attorney General to Fill U.S. Senate Seat
Reid Predicts Clinton, Cortez Masto Will Carry Nevada
Global Trade War, Trump Edition: Why Larry Summers, Robert Reich and other economists think the Republican presidential candidates trade policies are lunatic.
Megyn Kelly Slams Trump for Only Sitting Down With Hannity and Avoiding Unsafe Spaces
Trump praises Pence -- and takes credit for his debate performance
Says Donald Trump "never said that" more nations should get nuclear weapons.  Mike Pence on Tuesday, October 4th, 2016 in in the 2016 vice presidential debate
Trump's Terrible Week Continues: A Closer Look
In Case You Were Wondering, Donald Trump Has Multiple Ties to the Dakota Access Pipeline
Mike Pence Won The Debate For His Imaginary Running Mate, Mitt Romney
Most Powerful Political Ads against Donald Trump
Only you can prevent a Trump presidency
Reid announces $204 Million for Nevada Military, veterans projects
LeBron: 'Me and my family believe in' Clinton
A Powerful Man Who Victimizes Women...
Trump sex tape lie is his most blatant lie yet
'He Tied Plaintiff To A Bed': SICKENING Details Emerge From Trump Rape Case (DOCUMENTS)
The ugly history of Luegenpresse, a Nazi slur shouted at a Trump rally: The consequences of that rhetoric were horrifying.
WATCH: Pissed Off Joe Biden Rips Trump A New One For Insulting Veterans With PTSD - THE POLITICUS
5 Facts That Killed New Hillary Email Scandal In Less Than An Afternoon
Trump confounds many Republicans with last-minute push in Virginia
Dear White People, Please Stop Pretending Reverse Racism Is Real
FBI doesn't have warrant to review new emails: reports
Here's Another Time a Trump Company Was Sued for Discriminating Against Black People: After signing a consent order with the feds, Trump's family real estate firm was again accused of racial bias.
Thought you folks might like this
There is no email "scandal"
Inside The Strange, Paranoid World Of Julian Assange: The WikiLeaks founder is out to settle a score with Hillary Clinton and reassert himself as a player on the world stage, says BuzzFeed News special correspondent James Ball, who worked for Assange at WikiLeaks.
I will keep you in suspense: Trump knows he's in trouble, so he crafted his own reality show cliffhanger
There's a new silent majority, and it's voting for Hillary Clinton
Is this about Democrats or Trump?
Why Hillary Clinton Needs to Be Two-Faced
My buddy and i made a t-shirt for those voting for hillary mostly to keep trump out of office. only $10 if you're interested!
In the debates, Hillary Clinton showed exactly why she should be president
Ivanka Trump's Clothing Line Boycott: #GrabYourWallets Is Trending
Attention Virginia! - Today is the last day to register to Vote
Yet another poll shows that Trumps economic populism is not all that popular: The Chicago Council on Global Affairs' latest report demonstrates the hard limits of economic populism in America.
Hillary Clinton Stays Undefeated Against the Alpha Males: Shes taken the hits, stayed on her feet, and hit back harder, again and again and again.
Trump Hypocrisy: Ten times Trump shamed others on tax - BBC News
Texas Newspaper Destroys The Myth That Hillary Clinton Is The Lesser Of Two Evils
Jill Steins Ideology Says One ThingHer Investment Portfolio Says Another
John Oliver Tears Into Third Party Presidential Candidates
Trump Voters Are Angry? Heres Whats Worthy of Anger
Porn Star Jessica Drake Accuses 'Buffoon' Donald Trump of Sexual Misconduct: On Saturday, the sex educator and adult-film actress accused Trump of kissing her without consent. She previously wrote she wanted to smack him upside his head.
Donald Trump will protect you: Some fear he is running to be a dictator
Clinton Still Faces a Real Threat of Loss in November - And She Knows It
reports: Emails Had Nothing To Do with Clinton
Obama slams Trump's 'rigged' election claims as 'dangerous'
Who just firebombed the North Carolina Republican Party office? Hint: probably not the Democrats
'Mr. Trump, would my son have a place in your America?': Clinton ad features Capt. Khan's father
Stop Saying A Trump Win Would Cause A Recession [ Author Thinks Markets Aren't Forward Looking??? 
Trump Surrogates Say Democrats Cheating in Urban-Areas Voting
Is Russia Our Enemy?
The 273 People, Places and Things Donald Trump Has Insulted on Twitter: A Complete List
What Barbra Streisand thinks about the Republican Candidate for President
Donald Trumps threat to imprison Hillary Clinton is a threat to democracy
Hillary Clinton's Favorability Reaches Highest Point This Year
Peter Thiel and Donald Trump Are Pitching a Future That Cant Exist - The jobs Trump wants to bring back have already been automated by Silicon Valley's robots.
Republicans experiment with Trump-skeptical ads
I like Clinton more after hearing her speak
Trump advisers went to strip club with members of media: Page Six has exclusively learned that a trio of senior Trump advisers was fixated on a different type of pole the night before Trumps final debate with Clinton this past week in Las Vegas.
Hillary Clinton is a 68-year-old woman. And plenty of people hate her for it.
Harry Reid: Tax write-off exposes Donald Trump as 'billion-dollar loser'
Libertarian VP Candidate Admits Defeat, Tells Voters To Pick Clinton Over Trump
Why Hillary Wins: Memo to pundits: Maybe she actually deserves it.
The real Donald Trump, everyone: having lost The First Debate, the Republican Nominee Went on a historic rampage.
Trump Supporters Are Already Promising To Intimidate Nonwhite Voters On Election Day
Says Hillary Clinton "wants to go to a single-payer plan" for health care  Donald Trump on Sunday, October 9th, 2016 in a presidential debate
Mindy Finn (Independent Vice-Presidential candidate with @Evan_McMullin) on Twitter: "Let's not forget that Trump repeatedly praised Putin's leadership & invited the Russians to hack Americans. #debate"
How FBI Director Comey Ignored His Boss and Broke DOJ Rules to Announce Clinton Email Investigation: The nation's top law enforcement officer puts himself above the law.
Hillary Supporter DESTROYS Bernie Or Buster In Debate [VIDEO
Donald Trump Is Sniffling at the DebateAgain
Why The Two Historically Unpopular Candidates Meme Is A Sham  One That Boosts Donald Trump
The KKKs Official Newspaper Just Endorsed Trump
"Wikileaks also shows how John Podesta rigged the polls by oversampling Democrats, a voter suppression technique."  Donald Trump on Monday, October 24th, 2016 in a rally in Florida
Obama admits to laughing at Trump during debates
Were the Clinton Campaign Emails Leaked by WikiLeaks Doctored? -- While Kellyanne Conway claimed (falsely) Sunday that Hillary Clinton takes millions from countries that hate women, Tim Kaine suggested the WikiLeaked emails were faked. Is he right?
Hacked e-mails provide window into an image-obsessed culture in Clinton campaign
Trump the Anti-American: Rage is all that Trump has had to offer. His America is small. But this is still the land of Sure, of the embrace of possibility.
I wrote my heart out about how it feels to be a longtime Democrat and continually get accused of cheating Bernie out of the nomination. [Long
Democrats Need to Get Ready to Run Washington
Donald Trump Forced to Spill Charity Secrets Weeks Before Election Day
"The man who was in charge of the investigation of Hillary Clinton accepted essentially from Hillary Clinton $675,000 that went to his wife."  Donald Trump on Tuesday, October 25th, 2016 in a speech
"I'd vote for Hillary, But..." | A site for explaining and refuting common complaints about our next president
Donald Trump the arsonist: The GOP nominee is inching America toward the apocalypse - Trump is touting an apocalyptic worldview that mirrors Evangelical dogma
Report: Trump Claimed $17M in Fake Storm Damages
At charity roast, Donald Trump delivered what might as well be a campaign eulogy
Hillary Clintons 3 Presidential Debate Performances Left The Trump Campaign In Ruins
Clinton Leads By Eight Points In Siena/NYT Upshot North Carolina Poll
Now Is Not The Time To Go Green [Party
Joe Biden wants to make sure Democrats dont give up on Trump voters
Early voting numbers promising for Clinton in battleground states
Donald Trump to Howard Stern: It's okay to call my daughter a 'piece of ass'
Hillary Clinton for president
Hillary Clintons Resounding Mandate: There would be enormous meaning and clear messages in her election.
Rick Wilson (GOP Strategist) on Twitter: "Twitter is full of stories of a merciless, brutal monster savagely beating a man to death. But enough about Hillary's campaign."
Reid pins Trump on Senate Republicans
10 Ways Trump Broke the Law and Got Away with It: Putting the Latest Clinton Email Media Frenzy in Perspective - There's no comparing Clinton's email carelessness to a lifetime of lawlessness.
#Biased? Reporters on Twitter dont hold back about Trump.
Admit It. The Clinton Email Controversy Bothers You, Yet You Dont Actually Know What the Clinton Email Controversy Is
J.A.H. on Twitter: "I can't stop watching, dawg "
'She destroyed him': 10 readers on the final presidential debate | US news
Donald Trumps new attack ad on Clinton's health is brutal. It will also fail. -- Trump is headed down a road where possible destruction of his own party at the ballot box this fall awaits. And he's doing it with a smile on his face.
Trumps apology sounds like a rapist saying she asked for it
RNC Accidentally Posted Page Declaring Pence the Debate Winner Before the Debate
Trump's Women Problem
Eric Trump seen with lemonade in free water cup at In-N-Out
From Donald Trump to Julian Assange - why do Western loudmouths love Vladimir Putin? -- Those who appear on RT are useful idiots for a revanchist imperial power
JSTR  CTUAL on Twitter: "LOLWUT? - Russias Ambassador-at-Large says US intel interfered in US election by revealing Russian hacking?? >>"
As Florida Early Voting Begins, 99% More Latinos Have Already Voted Than In 2012
Charles Blow Blames Rigged Election Talk On Sanders: Clinton Is Beating Men  Deal With It
Kaine: Clinton as president would seek Congress' input for ISIS fight
Nick Merrill (Traveling Press Secretary for Hillary Clinton) on Twitter: "That look when you cap off a day on the trail by watching the @Cubs cement their trip to the #WorldSeries. #FlyTheW"
Vince Houghton (Historian/Curator of @IntlSpyMuseum) on Twitter: "Props to @th3j35t3r for this. See his laptop at @IntlSpyMuseum (we might want the one you are using now too...)" The message the Jester left the Russians.
Pro-Life Progressives and Feminists  /r/WholeLife
Kurt Eichenwald (Contributing editor, Vanity Fair; senior writer, Newsweek) on Twitter: "JESUS. Now Greenwald's assholes are literally going after my wife!! Folks: Do it, & my lawyer will track u down and sue you into the ground."
Report: Trump Called Mic Guy A Monkey
BOOM: Clinton Trounces Trump By 14 Points In New WSJ/NBC News Poll
U2 | Liberty
Captain Khan | Hillary Clinton
Pro-Trump Radio Host David Duke Suggests That Hillary Clinton Should Get The Electric Chair For Treason
Clintons Specter of Illegitimacy: Why is the election rigged at the very moment that a woman is on the verge of victory?
Dr. Jill Stein Owes Her Supporters Some Truth: She Won't Win
Dem senators ask FBI provide info about Clinton email development
The Dark Days of Donald Trump: The half-minute candidate takes care of business.
Roger Stone Group Planned To Send Out Poll Watchers With Fake Credentials
How I got slimed by Russian propagandist site Sputnik by Kurt Eichenwald
Britain wants America to vote for Trump
With Trump's rise, Jewish millennials confront the anti-Semitism only their grandparents remember
Ted Cruz was right: Trump was no match for Clinton at the debates
Trump has no idea whats going on in Syria
Time to push the Trump 13-year-old Rape victim video interview onto every front page and TV news
Trump supporters--men with dogs--showed up at early voting polling place in Cincinnati to intimidate black voters. Yelling matches ensued.
Fifteen Years Ago Mike Pence's Scandal Should Have Landed him in the Big House
The Trump campaign admits it has only one card left in its deck: voter suppression.
Democrats declare open season on Jim Comey
Comey was against releasing information on FBI's Trump-Russia investigation,saying it was too close to the election.
Trump: 'We should just cancel the election and just give it to Trump'
The Danger of False Equivalency
If you want to help Democrats win up and down the ballot, join the Texting team at NextGen Climate!
Trump Admits to Relationship with Putin in 2013
Republican women increasingly fear party is alienating female voters
Stranger Things Actor Matthew Modine Recalls Story of Trump Sexism at Work
Bernie Sanders On Why His Supporters Should Vote For Clinton
Matthew Yglesias (Vox) on Twitter: "No coincidence here: the emails weren't "leaked" they were hacked and released specifically to benefit Trump."
The Agonizing Essence of Donald Trump, Angrily Ripping Notebook Page After Getting Crushed At Debate, in One GIF
Millennials: Someone You Love May Be Alive Because of Hillary Clinton
Man staring down press removed from trump rally
What would have to leak about Hillary for you to vote Trump/Other/Not Vote?
Election Update: Four Ways Forward For Clinton After The FBI News
JSTR  CTUAL on Twitter: "Last 24 hours Threat Metrics for jesterscourt.cc - surely it's a coincidence or a mistake? Nyet?"
How did Trump win the white nationalist right? By being their megaphone
Trumps advisers see another conspiracy  far from the campaign trail
Donald Trump vows to sue his accusers, lashes out at media
Jill Colvin (Associated Press ) on Twitter: "Trump has long railed against military contracts being awarded for political reasons. Now he's promising big naval contracts to swing states"
As Election Nears, Obama to Dive Into Congressional Races
Candidate Fukov Andeye wins by a landslide
Max Boot (CFR Senior Fellow) On Twitter: "Trump has turned GOP into the Putin-Assange party, defending war criminals & accused rapists. Unbelievable!"
Kevin Bankston (Internet rights advocate and Director of @NewAmerica's @OTI) on Twitter: "Remember that time when David Duke, Julian Assange & Vladimir Putin all worked to put Donald Trump in the White House? #whataworld #memories"
Senate Update: The Last Week Has Been Very Kind To Democrats Hopes For A Majority
We claim to be the party of equality, diversity, and open-mindedness...so let's start acting like it
Paul Ryan Booed Offstage In Wisconsin Because He Uninvited Trump
How Trump Could Become a 'Political Black Hole' for the GOP
Roger Stone Accuses Jeb Bush of Adultery and Drug Addiction Following #TrumpTapes Scandal
Republican Senator Calls On Trump To Drop Out Of The Presidential Race
Trump to Nevadans: You say Nevada wrong
Trump Has a Pattern of Donating to state attorney generals reviewing his business: report
My Visit to the Trump Dump.... Sorry, Trump Tower
Former Donald Trump Executive: Hes a Supreme Sexist -- Barbara Res worked for Donald Trump for 18 years, and while she never heard him say pussy, he made it clear he thought men were better than women.
The audience tomorrow night could shun trump by turning their backs on him when he speaks.
Trump isnt smart, hes a freeloader
JSTR  CTUAL on Twitter: "Riddle me this. Why is RUSSIA TODAY releasing WIKILEAKS dumps 20 minutes BEFORE WIKILEAKS if they are not in bed together?? >>"
Trump cant stop his campaigns death spiral
'Our children are looking to us' - new Clinton ad narrated by Morgan Freeman
Obamas campaign mission: Protect his legacy, pummel Republicans  oh, and elect Hillary Clinton
Donald Trump Must Withdraw. Here's Why.
Bernie supporters, trump is trying to get you to not vote. don't let him.
Now we know......
Schilling says hell run against Elizabeth Warren if wife approves
Youre Lying to Yourself if You Think Trump is the Answer
Adult film actress accuses Trump of offering $10,000 to come alone to hotel suite
Former GOP congressmen lash out at Trump
Trump Has 75 Ongoing Legal Battles -- Which Media Are Ignoring During Their Breathless FBI Letter Coverage
Eli Williams (@Evan_McMullin 2016 Staff) on Twitter: "@realDonaldTrump talks about African Americans yet turned down meetings with the NAACP, NABJ and Urban League. #debate"
Trump used his foundation to fund guerrilla filmmaker James OKeefe
The liberal case for free trade
Trump Wont Inherit the Land, So Hes Sowing It With Salt: Its a tactic straight out of Putins playbook.
Kellyanne Conway tells hilarious lie about Trump wanting another debate
The worlds cartoonists are showing Trump as a defeated candidate
Trump Suggests Curtailing First Amendment: Our Press is Allowed to Say Whatever They Want
As Trump delivers his Gettysburg address, Republicans prepare for a civil war
Pennsylvania GOP Files Federal Lawsuit To Allow Out-Of-County Poll Watchers
At charity roast, Donald Trump delivered what might as well be a campaign eulogy
Why were not endorsing Pat McCrory for the first time in 25 years
Anderson Cooper Delivers Knockout Punch To Trump Campaign Manager Over Settling Lawsuits
Jonathan Martin (Nat'l Political Correspondent, NY Times) on Twitter: "@SpeakerRyan message to House R on call: do whatever u think you have to do (via member on call)"
Donald Trumps Conduct Was Excused Again and Again. But Not This Time. -- It turns out that even the most self-interested members of the political class, the true weather vanes swinging in the wind, have their limits.
Enough!: Condoleezza Rice Calls for Trump to Withdraw Candidacy
Hurricane Matthew truthers claim Obama administration officials are hiding data
Rudy Giuliani: From Americas mayor to out-Trumping Trump
Why Progressives Should Vote for Hillary Clinton
Calculate How Your Political Views Compare With Those Of The Presidential Candidates Using This Tool Made By Political Scientists
The embarrassing truth about the unqualified, underprepared GOP field Build a wall! Let Russia fight ISIS! GOP ideas are so simple-minded that they can't be serious. They're not.
The NY Times Reporter Who Received Some Trump Tax Docs Claims A Lot More Reporting Is Yet To Come
The Six Main Reasons Why the Times Tax Story Could Be Devastating For Trump
Max Boot (CFR senior fellow) on Twitter: "The election is over. By refusing to say he would concede defeat, Trump is guaranteeing his defeat."
How Russia Is Impacting The 2016 Race | Garry Kasparov
Hate Rising: What Donald Trump Awakened (Fusion TV Documentary)
Donald Wants all Illegals to Stay
"It Wasn't Me" (Trump Version - Parody)
Breaking: Three Women Claim Trump Groped Them In Two New Reports
Trumps ridiculous claim that he won every poll on the second presidential debate -- Four Pinocchios
EVERYTHING you need To Know About Hillary All In One Place
Dem women poised for record gains in Trump backlash
If Dems take Senate, Bernie Sanders becomes CHAIRMAN of the Budget Committee. NO EXCUSE not to vote, and EVERY REASON to turn out.
The Trump Campaign in a Photograph!
Donald Trump's companies destroyed or hid documents in defiance of court orders
Has Wikileaks Been Infiltrated by Russian Spies? -- Leak group has a troubling history with the Kremlin
Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos says Donald Trump is eroding our democracy
Hillary Clinton has earned nearly every newspaper endorsement of the general election.
Donald Trumps chances of winning are approaching zero
Michael Moore to Trump Voters: 'You're Legal Terrorists' - Rolling Stone
Hillary Clinton: Why America Is Exceptional
Most Powerful Political Ads against Donald Trump
Ryan's words earn votes.
My son confused Ivanka with Ivana, but quickly saved by pointing out that -to Donald- it doesn't make a difference.
Clinton Foundation: Those Hacked Files Arent Ours
Clintons Ohio rally sets attendance record: 18,500 People Flocked To See The Democratic Nominee, with An additional 13,000 outside and around area #OSU
'Jaw-dropping' double standard as James Comey points finger at Clinton but not Trump - Fury among Democrats after email investigation was announced but evidence of Russians influencing Republican candidate was kept quiet
 The Obligatory Trump Remix
FBI's Comey Opposed Naming Russia As An Election Meddler, Source Confirms
What the F**K is going on with Affordable Health Care?!? Are poor People Really Poor!??
Presidential Election Survey - Sociology Project
This Election is Too Important Not to Vote for Hillary
Does Donald Trump Believe in Anything but Himself? -- The Republican candidates fascist impulses are frequently rooted in his own self-interest.
A letter to my daughter about Trump
New poll shows Clinton over Trump by double-digits
Kyle Griffin (Producer on MSNBC's @TheLastWord) on Twitter: "Inbox: Gloria Allred announces a new Trump accuser will come forward tomorrow."
Attention: Kansas, Maine, Minnesota, Nevada, New Jersey, Oregon, West Virginia & Florida - This Is Your Last Day to Register To Vote
Bernie Sanders and the Democratic Biopsy
3 times Trump defended his 'locker room' talk
Trump Says He Doesnt Know Putin, But He Used to Say He Knew Him Very Well
Democrats: Trump tape could be campaign's death knell
I couldn't find one on the internet, so i made it myself..."i paid more taxes than donald trump" button!
Donald Trump's new strategy: Make the old Donald Trump disappear
Trumps pronunciation of Nevada draws scrutiny
Trump tells Nevada crowd they're mispronouncing state's name
Meet The Real Mike Pence
Wikileaks Throws Weight Behind Trump
Losing It: Donald Trump's Public Crack-Up
Being a field organizer for Hillary Clinton at The Ohio State University means being rejected a lot.
Why the world is cheering for Hillary Clinton in the US presidential election
Donald Trumps massively epic meltdown Because He's Losing shouldnt really surprise anyone
Why A Vote For A Third Party Cannot Be An Option For Progressives
Texans for Hillary chair: I am convinced this is our time
Donald Trumps no concession stand: He and his hate-filled followers will not accept a Clinton victory & thats when things get truly chilling - Trump & his supporters will not go quietly  already armed loyalists have camped outside a Democratic office
Trumps Jubilation Over Hillarys So-Called October Surprise Gets Flattened With Facts
Donald Trumps $100 Million Money Bomb Is a Dud: Trump Failed To Give His Campaign The Amount He Promised
I made a site called Dollar a Lie Club, where you can pledge to donate $1 to Hillary's campaign for every verified lie Donald Trump tells during the debates. It's easy, informal, and helped generate almost $700 in donations after the first debate.
The Time I Found Donald Trumps Tax Records in My Mailbox: A manila envelope led to old-style investigative journalism involving a meeting in a bagel shop and an IBM typewriter.
Michelle Obama Obliterated Donald Trump Without Once Saying His Name
Who Killed More People? Jeffrey Dahmer or Mike Pence?
Ex-Rep. Joe Walsh: If Hillary Wins, Im Grabbing My Musket
The Clintonites Should Stop Freaking Out About WikiLeaks
Three women accuse Trump of forcibly groping, kissing them
'A Damaged Human Being': David Letterman Says Trump Should Be 'Shunned'
Trump recorded having extremely lewd conversation about women in 2005
Tim Kaine condemns cryptic FBI probe of new Clinton emails
Comey has just Revealed his True Colors - Surely he could have handled this better: Just look at his Opening Words..
We now know James Comey really did apply two different standards to Trump and Clinton. Somehow, #Comeygate just got even worse.
Republican Mark Kirk hits Democrat Tammy Duckworth over Thai heritage in Illinois Senate debate: "I had forgotten that your parents came all the way from Thailand to serve George Washington."
Michelle Obama Explains Why Trump's Comments About Women Are So Horrific
"Chertoff's support for Clinton is notable not only because of his work for President George W. Bush's administration but because he was a Republican prosecutor who led the Congressional investigation into the Whitewater controversy involving the Clintons real estate investments."
Has Obama's IDGAF Tour Officially Begun? On Marco Rubio Voting Trump: 'C'mon Man.'
Republicans Weaponize James Comeys FBI To Kneecap Hillary Clinton: The abuse of congressional power for pure partisan gain has become a specialty of the GOP.
Trump opens BS Food Truck in Portland, OR.
Now, More Than Ever, Chris Wallace Is The Wrong Person To Moderate Final Debate - Retreating To Fox, Trump Hasnt Been Interviewed By CNN Or MSNBC Since August
Donald Trump Endorsed executing Muslim POWs with bullets dipped in pigs' blood. Six months is long enough to forget, so let's remind America.
No, Hillary Clinton did not lose $6 billion at the State Department
You know Trump has had a bad week when there is a debate tonight and Fox News is pretending they are The Weather Channel #HurricaneTrump
Why the FBI's October Surprise email may have limited impact on the election outcome
Donald Trump is in a funk: Bitter, hoarse and pondering, If I lose. . . -- From the final debate to a charity roast, the GOP nominee is struggling amid worsening poll numbers.
The Clintons Christian marriage: The staggering Evangelical hypocrisy over Hillarys refusal to divorce Bill
How Donald Trump supporters attack journalists
Oops: The RNC accidentally put up its Mike Pence won the debate post early
Trump Senior Advisor Warns There Is A Fixed Presidential Election in the Making
Trump Totally Loses It After NYT Tax Scoop: Rambles About Movies, Tells Supporters to Watch Voters in Certain Areas
Carrie Fisher Says Trump is Absolutely a Coke Head After Sniffling Again at Second Debate
Poll: Young voters are coming through for Clinton
Why Trump's call for poll watching terrifies the RNC - Rachel Maddow does an awesome segment discussing John Barry, a lawyer who represented the RNC during their poll-watching intimidation tactics in the 1980s. (Oh and Barry was married to Trump's older sister who he wants to nominate for SCOTUS)
Trump urging gun-toting supporters to break voter intimidation laws. There is going to be a great need for progressive, liberal and Dem volunteers to make sure everyone who wants to vote can do so safely
LeBron James, the most influential person in the major swing state of Ohio, endorses Hillary Clinton
Hannity is drunk tweeting tonight.
Rick Wilson (GOP (For Now) Media Guy) On Twitter: "Twelve-dimensional chess, man. You just can't see it."
Watch Trump Angrily Tear a Page Out of His Notepad at the End of Last Night's Debate
New sex assault allegations against Trump: 'He was like an octopus'
Trump Supporter Says Hed Still Vote for Trump Even If He Committed Rape
Max Boot (CFR senior fellow) on Twitter: "Trump claims Assad and Russia are killing ISIS. No, they're killing innocent Syrian men, women and children. Trump is applauding war crimes."
Obamacare Isnt Crazy, and Its Not Dying
Fmr. Trump Tax Adviser Says Donald Had Nothing to do With His Genius Strategy
Donald Trumps contempt for American democracy
Hillary Hatred Derangement Syndrome Explained
Obama Is the Greatest Force for Equality in 50 Years
Exhibit A: The corruption case against Trump and Pam Bondi
This debate showcased Trump's unfitness to be president
Michelle Obama just delivered what might have been a defining moment of the presidential campaign
The words are demeaning. Such behavior is an abuse of power. Its not lewd. Its sexual assault. Joe
Clinton Probably Finished Off Trump Last Night
GOP Scandal Falls Apart As New Emails Didn't Come From Hillary Clinton's Server
Donald Trump cheats on local and state taxes, turning Trump facilities into drains on communities
Rise: Michelle Obama calls on women to rise up against Trump
Donald Trump Is Now Running Against American Democracy Itself
Video shows Donald Trump grabbing and kissing a former Miss Universe in front of an audience
Vladimir Putin is trying to hack the election. What should US do?
When Powerful Men Play the Victim: Donald Trump is forever claiming hes a victim. Like many dangerous figures before him, he uses that act to attract supporters who fear losing their sense of privilege.
Poll: 63 percent say FBI review makes no difference in vote for Clinton
Donald Trump has spent his whole life falsely trying to prove he is a winner. Now he is poised to become a historic loser. The jig is up.
Two and a half months ago, Donald Trump promised a press conference on Melania Trump's immigration fraud. Much to everyone's surprise, neither of the Trumps have held one since.
Donald Trump Probably Believe In Eugenics [VIDEO
The Fury and Failure of Donald Trump | "Win, lose or drop out, the Republican nominee has laid waste to the American political system. On the trail for the last gasp of the ugliest campaign in our nation's history"
Republicans deserve their sad fate: This is what the GOP gets for devaluing the calling of public service
Threatening to jail political opponents isn't normal, and needs to be condemned
Says Sidney Blumenthal wrote that the Benghazi attack was "almost certainly preventable. Clinton was in charge of the State Department, and it failed to protect U.S. personnel and an American consulate in Libya."  Donald Trump on Monday, October 10th, 2016 in a rally in Wilkes-Barre, Pa.
Trumps Donors Paid For His Jetliner, His Hotels And Now, His Books
Armed Trump Supporters 'Protest' Outside Virginia Democrat's Campaign Office
Two Women Say Donald Trump Touched Them Inappropriately
Can You Guess Whether Donald Trump Or An Actual Dictator Said These Things?
Robert De Niro: I'd like to punch 'bozo' Trump in the face
In 2012, Donald Trump tried to expose himself to attorney Gloria Allred, then questioned her gender identity
Jailing Hillary!? Trumps Outrageous Case for Dictatorship | The Closer with Keith Olbermann | GQ
FBI making inquiry into ex-Trump campaign manager's foreign ties
Donald Trumps Final Insult to American Democracy: In the final presidential debate, Donald Trump disgraced himself and our democracy by refusing to say if hed accept the election results. Hes a demagogue with a dictatorial streak.
Debate Fact Check: Trump Wrong in Saying Clinton People Committed Criminal Act at Rally
Debate 3: The Last Straw: Trump and his Enablers are now trying to Destroy Democracy itselfwith their Election Rigging Nonsense
If the election is really rigged, 33 states are rigged by Republicans
Russia has weaponized the American press | What hasnt been talked about is that Vladimir Putin has an unwitting ally: the American media, which is helping him accomplish that very task."
Hillary Clinton holds 15-point lead over Trump in Virginia
What Are You Frightened Of? Trump With Nuclear Codes? Vote Wisely. #ImWithHer
Heres what Donald Trump needs to know about the inner workings of Russia
Trump's Lawyer: His Near-Death Experience Claim Was "Absolutely Not True" -- Donald was never going to be on the helicopter.
Trump campaign to hire 2500 twitter trolls during the next debate, named "Big League Truth Team"
People Are Sharing A Fake Hillary Clinton Speech Transcript
Scandal! WikiLeaks reveals Hillary Clinton to be . . . reasonable.
More questionable footage of Trump and comments on women: In an Entertainment Tonight Christmas feature in 1992, Trump looked at a group of 10-year-old girls and said he would be dating one of them in ten years. At the time, Trump would have been 46 years old.
Women Are Boycotting Ivanka Trumps Fashion Line  and the Stores That Sell It
"You can look at the propaganda on a lot of the terrorists' sites and what Donald Trump said about Muslims is used to recruit fighters."  Hillary Clinton on Sunday, October 9th, 2016 in the second 2016 presidential debate
We Can't Elect a Psychopath President: 8 Psychological Terms for Making Sense of This Traumatic Moment in U.S. Election History - Has such aberrant behavior ever so dominated a presidential campaign before?
A Group of Computer Scientists Believe a Trump Server Was Communicating With a Russian Bank
Donald Trump jokes that its okay for his supporters to commit voter fraud
Democrats: RNC violating anti-voter intimidation agreement
Do You Know More About Health Than Donald Trump? The candidate lacks a basic understanding of the enormous problems with American medical care.
How Half Of America Lost Its F**king Mind
Oprah Winfrey Just Got Real About Hillary Clinton
Trump has been lying for weeks about how much money he's given to his campaign
Democrats are asking a court to stop Trump from intimidating voters
Donald Trump Used Legally Dubious Method to Avoid Paying Taxes
How the world views the US elections, from Israel to North Korea | US news
"With Cooperation, ObamaCare Can Be Fixed)--Blue Dog Rep Jim Cooper (D-TN)
Here are 4 ways Trump supporters might harass you at the polls and what you can do about it
Team Trump has cherry-picked the polling tree clean
Are Democrats Headed For A Split Even If Clinton Wins?
It's not just his campaign: Trump's 'brand' Is Also Sinking
Black Democrats to Hillary Clinton: Send Money to Take Congress
Trumps Dangerous Election-Concession Dog-Whistle
52 - 39
Trump, Trade And Racism: Economic Decay Is Dividing Ohio Democrats
Where Do Clinton and Trump Have the Most Upside?
BREAKING: Ahead of tonight's US presidential debate, Donald J. Trump appears with women who accuse former President Bill Clinton of rape and sexual assault.
GOP Senate Leader John Thune Says It's Time For Trump To Step Aside
As a producer on seasons 1 & 2 of #theapprentice I assure you: when it comes to the #trumptapes there are far worse. #justthebegininng
Getting Rid Of Globalization Wouldn't Stop Inequality
More Trump tapes surface with crude sex remarks
This is what would happen if Donald Trump quit the presidential race
Poll says most in US back globalisation: Trumps call for rewrite of trade deals appeals to only a minority in America
WATCH: Megyn Kelly calls bulls*t on Kellyanne Conway for suggesting Trump doing better with women
Conservative anti-Trump superPac releases devastating video
10 US Presidents Before And After Office
Intercept Reporter Confronts Justice Kennedy About Citizens United
Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton Debate Cold Open - SNL
Bill Weld: Comey Made A Mess
Trump says he'll sue sexual misconduct accusers
Donald Trumps Sad, Lonely Life - The guy has no empathy of other people. During a question in Sunday's debate from a Muslim person, he lectured her about turning other Muslim people in. Trump can't be a human being. WTF!
The right says Hillary Clinton is responsible for her husband. Why isnt Melania Trump?
Hillary Clinton for President of the United States: A Donald Trump presidency is among the greatest threats facing America, and the Republican standard-bearer is the worst major-party candidate for the job in U.S. history. The editors have never endorsed a candidate for political office.
Democrats sue Donald Trumps campaign in four states for voter suppression: They also point the finger at state Republican parties and Trump ally Roger Stone
Where are the undecided voters?
The Trump Campaign Has Wound Down Fundraising, Cutting Funding the GOP Needs
If They Google You, Do You Win?
Kelly Ayotte: 'I made a mistake' in calling Trump a role model
Trumps greatest service to America may be ending Paul Ryans career - Bye Felicia.
Watch Trump Straight Up LIE
Democrats dream the unthinkable: Speaker Pelosi
Donald Trump Tries to Intimidate Republicans Into Sticking With Him: His campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, warned that she knows of GOP congressmen who perpetrated sexual assaults.
Donald Trump throws allies, civiliansand Penceunder the bus, offers up Aleppo to Russia
Trump spoke about grabbing women 'by the p----' in shocking audio from 2005
Mike Pences Fantasy Running Mate: His Donald Trump bore little resemblance to reality.
Pence to Kaine: 'You whipped out that Mexican thing again'
Clinton's projected Electoral College tally: 326 to Trump's 212
Trump Supporters Rally for Women to Lose the Right to Vote With #RepealThe19th
Make-up artist who sued Donald Trump in 1997 harassment case says p---y grabbing is exactly what he did to me: Harth sued Trump in 1997, claiming the bawdy businessman sexually harassed her for years and attempted to rape her at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida.
Clinton camp: Trump's campaign is 'panicked'
Whatever Is Actually In Trumps Tax Returns Is Worse Than What the New York Times Says
New Ohio poll puts Hillary Clinton ahead of Donald Trump by 9 points
"We have 17 intelligence agencies, civilian and military, who have all concluded that these espionage attacks, these cyberattacks, come from the highest levels of the Kremlin, and they are designed to influence our election."  Hillary Clinton on October 19th, 2016 in the third presidential debate
For Republicans Abandoning Donald Trump, Obama Has a Message: Too Late
GOP congressman on Clinton: 'A lady needs to be told when she's being nasty'
Mike Pence just revealed the core weakness of Trumps candidacy
Salma Hayek: I Denied Trump A Date, So He Planted A National Enquirer Story About My Height
Less than 12 Hours Post-Debate: Clinton Uses Pence's Debate Words Against Him In Stunning New Ad
Michigan Republicans Cancel Election Night Party
Trump's campaign manager says he's too busy to sue those women, will do it later
Economists: A Trump win would tank the markets - If GOP nominee pulls off a Brexit-like surprise, Wall Street would face a Brexit-like stock plunge.
"State Department officials actually directed contracts for the Haitian recovery after the earthquake to friends of the Clintons."  Mike Pence on Sunday, October 16th, 2016 in an interview on NBC's "Meet the Press"
Donald Trump Finally Wins a Newspaper Endorsement  From the KKK
LeBron James endorses Hillary Clinton
Elizabeth Warren Just Blasted The FBI Director For Going After Hillary Instead Of Wall Street Crooks
Democrats launch early attack on Clintons 2020 challengers
Senate Democrats Poised to Pick Up 5-7 Seats
Clinton: We know 'the difference between leadership and dictatorship'
RNC Letter Warns Against Vigilante Poll Watchers | "The consent decree is due to expire next year, but if the GOP is found in violation it can be extended until 2025."
Trump And His Wife Called This Woman A Liar. Then 6 Witnesses Came Forward And Corroborated Her Story.
Clinton campaign chairman ties email hack to Russians, suggests Trump had early warning: John Podesta said he spoke with the FBI on Sunday and that he had been told Tuesday that the intrusion into his email is now part of the wider inquiry.
Donald Trumps idea of locker room talk is as demeaning to men as it is to women by Sally Jenkins sports columnist for The Washington Post
Federal judge swipes at Scotts political poppycock, extends Fla. voter registration deadline
Donald Trump, Putins puppet
Scandal! WikiLeaks reveals Hillary Clinton to be . . . reasonable.
Democrats watch and plot as extinction-level event rocks the Trump campaign
U.S. Senate Moves To Investigate Donald Trump For Human Trafficking (DETAILS)
In Case You Were Wondering, Donald Trump Has Multiple Ties to the Dakota Access Pipeline
LeBron: 'Me and my family believe in' Clinton
5 Time Draft Dodger Trump Suggests That Soldiers Who Suffer From PTSD Arent Strong
The stories from women saying he groped or forced himself on them "largely have been debunked."  Donald Trump on Wednesday, October 19th, 2016 in the third 2016 presidential debate
Leading Lawyers offer Trump accusers free legal help: "He's A Serial Abuser"; All The People He Threatens Have Strong Ground to Sue Him, Compares Trump to Nazis.
Clinton Holds 11-Point National Lead Over Trump: NBC/WSJ Poll
Democrats donate to help reopen firebombed Republican office in NC (currently at $9,191 of $10k goal)
Right-wing media have stoked fears of voter fraud to defend Trumps claims dead people & illegal aliens are voting. in doing so theyve falsely conflated registration fraud with in-person voter fraud; both are rare, & the latter is nonexistent.
Reasonable Republicans cant save the GOP from Trump: They're the ones who created him in the first place.
How Hostile Poll-Watchers Could Hand Pennsylvania to Trump
Meet a 92-Year-Old Woman Whose Life Was Ruined by Donald Trump
Joe Biden: Donald Trump 'out there doing something very dangerous'
Eichenwald: Chief ethics lawyer in GW Bush White House has filed official complaint to Office of Special Counsel 4 inquiry of Comey 4 violating law.
BREAKING: Trump Panics After Judge Sets December Start For Teen Rape Case (DETAILS)
Trump Implies Reporter Was Not Attractive Enough For Him To Assault
Donald Trump, the Worst of America
Roger Stones exit polling: A pro-Trump dirty trickster goes hunting for election theft - With Donald Trump warning that the 2016 election is "rigged," hatchetman Roger Stone hatches a scheme to prove it
Trumps false claim that Clinton lost $6 billion at the State Department -- The only thing lost in Trumps statement is reality. Four Pinocchios
Crowd sings 'Happy Birthday' to Hillary Clinton
How Russia's Twitter Bots And Trolls Work With Donald Trump Campaign Accounts
Trumps idea for a sneak attack on ISIS in Mosul isnt actually possible -- We didnt sneak up on Berlin in World War II, and were not going to do a surprise attack on Mosul either.
3 more women just accused Donald Trump of sexual assault
October Shocker: FBI Has Explosive Information on Trump Conspiring With Putin
The Trump-Induced Breakup Of The GOP Has Begun - Trump is mad at elected officials. Donors are mad at the RNC. And everyone anticipates a bloodbath on Election Day.
Trump accuser says she is leaving country
Clinton: Dont Give Into Negativity, Go Watch Michelle Obamas Speech
Hillary Clinton demands FBI show its hand in fresh email probe - Democratic candidate says sudden announcement with no explanation is not good enough after FBI director notifies Congress of new investigation
Michael Moores October Surprise: TrumpLand Documentary
Paul Ryan Attacked Bernie Sanders. It Backfired Spectacularly.
What the FBI Directors letter about the Clinton emails really says
CNN Reporter Recalls Having Car Keyed, Producer Followed At Trump Rally
Listen To The Student Speech That Made Hillary Clinton Famous Overnight
Why is it so hard to vote in America? - The Big Picture
Top Trump Donor Family Urges Him To Go On Attack.
Republicans Wonder if Trump Can Recover From Worst Week in Presidential History: He's now a laughingstock and A punchline.
God, I'm So Tired
#NODAPL, the time to act is now!
Schools are canceling class over fears of Election Day violence
(((Harry Enten))) (538) on Twitter: "Judge Trump's understanding of this campaign by his actions, not his words. He knows he's almost certainly finished."
Trump: I'd 'love' to fight Biden
No, George Soros Does NOT Own Voting Machines.
Report: Colin Powell Says He'll Vote For Hillary Clinton
As Trump Craters Priebus Schedules Nationwide 'members-only' RNC call
Human Rights Commission: Henderson woman shares story Of housing discrimination at Trump property
Colin Powell says he's voting for Hillary Clinton
Poll: Young voters coming through for Hillary Clinton in closing stretch of race
The Clinton Polling Conspiracy That Doesn't Exist: Trump supporters are convinced Democrats are using oversampling to stuff the polls in Hillary Clintons favor. But theyre just wrong about statistics.
Hillary Clinton Has A Bigger Lead In Nevada Early Voting Than Obama Had In 2012
Jenna Johnson (WaPo) on Twitter: "A quick look at the anti-Hillary merchandise for sale outside Donald Trump's rally in Naples, Florida."
Clinton and Kaine together, eyes drift to 2017
Hillary Clinton looks to expand political map
Taking Trump to court: The evidence against a nasty man
Whos really rigging the election against Donald Trump?
How Hackers Broke Into John Podesta and Colin Powells Gmail Accounts
Watch Clinton and Trump at the Alfred E. Smith Dinner Tonight @ 8:50 PM (EST)
Donald Trumps Contempt for Democracy
Donald Trump Vs Hillary Clinton: A Sentiment Analysis On Twitter Mentions
REVEALED: The Full TrumpTV Schedule!
Will Democrats Try to Tie the GOP to Trump? Could It Work?
What does Trump get From his Claims of a 'Rigged Election'?
Earth to Regulators: If You're Going to (Hopefully) Ding John Stumpf, Don't Miss Henry Kravis, Leon Black, et al. | naked capitalism
Trump Supporters Might as Well Vote for Harambe...
Kyle Griffin (Producer on MSNBC's @TheLastWord) on Twitter: "Must-read: @noonanjo's epic Tweetstorm. Mitt's fmr nat sec adviser takes on Trump fans supporting "Orange Samson":"
Whats Millennials Support for Gary Johnson and Jill Stein All About?
Heres Donald Trump in 2006 Telling Howard Stern Its OK to Call Ivanka a Piece of Ass
Please tell me Trump's campaign is over.
The mass exodus from Puerto Rico may be very good for Hillary Clinton
I Had a Crazy Idea, Rick from rick and morty should record trumps lines.
Donald Trump's tax records: A tale of business failures By Kurt Eichenwald
Trump: Campaign will be the greatest waste of time, money and energy if I lose
Sanders stumps in Madison, this time for Hillary
Is Clinton Hatred Fueled by Dislike for Trump? -- One way to talk yourself into supporting a candidate is to decide that the alternative is flatly unacceptable.
Awkward: Pence Makes Gaffe Right Off the Bat, Gets location of debate Wrong
Trump myths vs. reality on trade
Suburban White Women Weigh Their Options In A Bizarre Election
(((Harry Enten))) (538) on Twitter: "The ultimate betrayal..."
Giuliani: False claims about Clinton's marriage are 'fair game'
Says Hillary Clinton is "wrong" to say he mocked a disabled reporter.  Donald Trump on Wednesday, October 19th, 2016 in the third presidential debate in Las Vegas
Here Are All the Insane Things Youve Probably Forgotten About Trumps Campaign
Donald Trump: Terroristic Man-Toddler -- Hes an immature bully who lashes out when he should be embarrassed.
Trumps strange post-Comey strategy: focusing on blue states rather than must-win battlegrounds where he has a chance. Emotion rather than reason?
Donald Trumps poll-watching voter fraud squad sounds like it could easily lead to voter intimidation
Donald Trumps New D.C. Hotel Is Fancy, Expensive, and Probably Doomed
Petition calling for Jeff Sessions to be removed from Senate Judiciary Committee tops 40,000 signatures
Reporter accuses Donald Trump of forcing himself on her
Thank you Donald Trump, from Every Democrat
Harry Reid to FBI director Comey: "You may have broken the law"
Democrats Get Out the Vote. Republicans Suppress It.
Woman says Trump reached under her skirt and groped her in early 1990s
This is not how men talk. It's how sexual predators talk
Pussy Riot Depicts a Horrifyingly NSFW America Under President Trump
The 'Stain' Of Sticking With Donald Trump To The End | Morning Joe | MSNBC
Trumps new justification for attacking the Clintons: Michelle Obama started it!
American Gut Check: Trump is bereft of patriotism, and seems to hate the country he wants to lead.
Green Parties Internationally Condemn Russian Imperialism And War Crimes In Syria -- Unlike Dr Jill Stein & The U.S. Green Party
Trump's ghost will haunt the GOP -- and possibly kill it
The Bottom Could Fall Out For Trump
For Trumps Congressional Backers, Hell Is Empty, and All the Demons Are Here by rick wilson
Trump campaign released a new slogan and motto
How Donald Trump Turned the Tax Code Into a Giant Tax Shelter -- If Mr. Trumps pattern of generating losses and using them to offset other income has continued, as seems likely, its obvious why he has not released his tax returns: because he hasnt paid any taxes.
Donald Trump rants about tax returns bombshell on Twitter but doesnt deny anything
Trump, threatening nearly a dozen sexual assault accusers, vows to sue
If Hillary Clinton Groped Men
The 2016 electoral map is rapidly slipping away from Donald Trump
Republicans fed the monster for far too long. Now hes devouring them.
Clinton campaign waiting for debate to unleash on Trump: The campaign has gone quiet and asked surrogates to do the same, waiting for Sunday nights debate to pounce.
Michael Moore Reveals Surprise Donald Trump Film, Opening In New York City Tomorrow!!!
Bradd Jaffy (NBC Nightly News) on Twitter: "Reading between the lines: Trump appears to threaten retributionas presidentfor CNN, NBC & WaPo campaign reporting"
Michelle Obama Gives Powerful Speech Roasting Trump For Predatory Comments
Carl Bernstein: Clinton email controversy is not Watergate
In 1969, Fred Trump formed an exploratory committee to run for mayor of New York City. He did not end up running, but he did end up making a shockingly racist campaign ad depicting black people as "dope men"
A new tool from the Clinton campaign randomly picks a year and compares what she and Trump were doing
Ex-Trump policy chief jumps ship: I regret working for him and under no circumstances will I support him
Presidency isn't enough; Democrats also want Congress
Donald Trump implies he would fight vice-president Joe Biden: 'I'd love that'
GOP Consultant: Donald Trump Isnt a Republican, Hes a Deranged Clown
Michelle Obamas speech in Phoenix was a stirring defense of everyone left out of Trumps America
Hillary Clintons masterful manipulation of Donald Trump
Trump tensions with party causing headaches down ballot
Why I left the Republican Party to become a Democrat
Teen Beauty Queens: Trump Walked In On Us Changing
David Fahrenthold (WaPo) on Twitter: "I've now called 386 charities, looking for millions @realDonaldTrump says he gave away. Still a chance the Dwyer H.S. Band (#380) got it all"
Poll: Clinton has double-digit lead in Colorado
Tony Schwartz (CEO, The Energy Project) on Twitter: "Never underestimate the depth & desperation of Trump's humiliation at losing to Clinton. Revenge will be his obsession for rest of his days."
Donald Trump On PTSD: Vets Are Either "Strong" Or "Can't Handle It"
Rick Wilson (GOP Strategist) on Twitter: ""Four score and 7 years ago, these skanks who are 5s on a good day deserved to be bigly sued. Did you see how they dressed? Deserved it.""
2008 Video Trump Lauding Praises on the Clintons: "Great Senator, Great Wife, Great President"
Trump never wanted to be America's president; he wants to be its czar
Donald Trump and the G.O.P.: The Party of Lincoln, Reagan and, Perhaps, Extinction
Calm Down -- Bill Clinton Didn't Say Obamacare Is Terrible
The mainstreaming of racism on Fox News: This is where the toxic brew that Trump spouts originated.
Trump's Refusal to Accept the Election Results will Hurt Him: Trumps refusal to say he would accept the election results will ensure negative coverage for the final three weeks of the election, and with good reason.
BUSTED: Wisconsin Clerk Caught Limiting Campus Voting Because Students Vote For Democrats
The danger on November 9th from Trump claiming the election was 'stolen.' Which is why he needs to be humiliated on November 8th
NYTimes Exclusive: Two Women Say Donald Trump Touched Them Inappropriately
School Segregation: Last Week Tonight with John Oliver
Democrats Face Difficult Obamacare Fight in 2017, Even If Clinton Wins
What phrase should I put on a shirt for 11/8 to annoy the alt right?
I Missed the Memo Telling the Left That We Now Support the Widespread Invasion of Privacy
YOLObama hits the campaign trail  hard
Effectiveness Of Elizabeth Warren As Hillary Clinton Surrogate
What Bill Clinton Understands Better Than Many Jews
The Nasty Rise and Fall of Donald Trump: With the candidate flailing in the polls, some on the right are wondering if a better version of the man wouldnt be winning. But that kinder, gentler Trump wouldve lost in the primaries.
Couldn't Obama sign an executive order stopping cali. NG repayment?
Trump asks team to trim back transition efforts, focus on race: sources
Trump All But Quits Presidential Race By Closing Down Part Of Fundraising Operation
5 Reasons To Start Caring About West Virginias 3rd Congressional Race
Trump cites police, military, ICE endorsements that didn't happen
Kyle Griffin (Producer on MSNBC's @TheLastWord) on Twitter: "Former U.S. Ambassador to Russia @McFaul blasting Wikileaks in Tweetstorm:"
The Illuminating but Unsurprising Content of Clintons Paid Speeches
Kyle Griffin (Producer on MSNBC's @TheLastWord.) on Twitter: "WowToday's @nytimes features a 2-page spread of all the people, places & things Trump has insulted on Twitter since declaring his candidacy"
The Leftist Case for Clinton
Debate-Watching With Hillary Clinton's BFFs
Did Paul Ryan just hand Democrats the Senate?
Kyle Griffin (Producer on MSNBC's @TheLastWord) on Twitter: ".@POTUS on fire, hits GOP: "Now suddenly you're OK with your nominee having a bromance with Putin.""
Donald Trump Is Wrong on Mosul Attack, Military Experts Say: They said that Mr. Trumps armchair generalship revealed a fundamental lack of understanding of Iraqi politics, military warfare, and military history.
FDR's Grandson Frank Roosevelt Endorses Hillary Clinton | "My grandfather guided our country through some of the most difficult periods in our history. Hillary Clinton embodies his spiritthat, together, we can meet all the challenges we face with confidence and fierce determination."
Trump's Drag on Suburban Republicans Clear in Virginia Race
Russia Seriously Tried to Send Election Monitors to U.S., Report Says
Donald Trump undoes his third and best debate performance in just a few words
Why Trump ran
Trump and Clinton Camps Engaging in Super PAC Coordination Says Watchdog Group
Dems bullish on Hispanic support, turnout
DSCC yanks spending from Florida Senate race
Tim Kaines Radical Optimism
anti-abortion democrat here.
Watch out for Hillary hate and attempted impeachment | The Ould Sod weighs in, Alabama's Mo Brooks gets dishonorable mention.
Second Debate Shows American Democracy Is Failing
The Daily 202: Republican politicians fall back in line behind Trump after defecting
How the Left can avoid Its own Trump phenomenon
Christopher Ingraham (Washington Post data reporter) on Twitter: ""I consider myself, in a certain way, to be a blue-collar worker" -- Donald Trump in Pennsylvania today"
GOP Senator On Trump Tape: What He's Describing Is Not Sexual Assault
What's ISIS got to do with 'locker room talk'? Trump, Clinton debate foreign policy
a bit of humor before the debate: drag queens lipsync to donald trump
Hillary - A Champion for the Voiceless
Kurt Eichenwald (Contributing Editor, Vanity Fair; Senior Writer, Newsweek) On Twitter: "Associated Press just reported Hillary Clinton was seen in the Oval Office tonight measuring for new drapes while laughing about some tape."
"The Apprentice" Under Pressure To Release Unaired Trump Footage
Employment Comments: Another Decent Report -- Calculated Risk
Two hard right anti-immigrant groups say they consulted with Trump's campaign
You Say Vote
How Trump absolutely corrupts the GOP
Donald Trumps Slip in Polls Has G.O.P. Worried About Congress
Hillary Clintons former Democratic rivals are stumping for her in New Hampshire this week
It is possible that Trump could become president because history demonstrates there is no limit to human folly or the dimensions of the disasters humanity can bring on itself.
Michael Reagan (Pres.of The Reagan Legacy Foundation) on Twitter: "My father would not support this kind of campaign,if this is what the Republican Party wants leave us Reagans out.Nancy would vote for HRC"
Trump on hot mic: 'When you're a star ... You can do anything' to women
New Accuser Comes Forward With Story Of Being Grabbed By Trump At US Open
I Don't Like Hillary Clinton Or the Democratic Party. I'm Voting For Them Anyway.
America Is Turning Into a Confederacy of Dunces: Why is Donald Trump within a whisker of the White House? Two-thirds of the country cant even name the three branches of government.
Even lots of Donald Trump's supporters are starting to think he'll lose the election
Could Hillary Clinton Win Texas? Some Democrats Say Maybe
Democrats need to stop complaining and gOTV
Trump's supporters talk rebellion, assassination at his rallies
Trump Faces Another Accusation -- This Time, He Looked Up Models' Skirts
There's No Longer Any Legal Way For Republicans To Boot Donald Trump From The Ballot
Exclusive poll: GOP voters want the party to stand by Trump
Dems demand apology for Kirk comments on Duckworth's heritage
Howard Stern on Trump's misogynistic talk: 'This is who Trump is'
Here's Donald Trump's Response To Being Called A "Sexual Predator" In 2006
Clinton Vaults to a Double-Digit Lead, Boosted by Broad Disapproval of Trump (Poll)
The Price Ive Paid for Opposing Donald Trump: Trumps alt-right trolls have subjected me and my family to an unending torrent of abuse that I wouldnt wish on anyone.
Trump Ally Alex Jones: "I Was Told By People Around" Clinton That "She's Demon-Possessed"
American Indians are disgusted by Trumps weird Hindi ad: He is the living embodiment of ignorance
Podesta: FBI Director James Comeys letter about Hillary Clintons emails was bewildering, short on facts  and unfair to voters
Post-Trump Victory Weather Forecast
Vice President Biden: Hillary Clinton faces "double standard" on trustworthiness
Donald Trump has gone nuts: In speech meant to defend sex assault allegations, he goes full Breitbart
Donald Trump Supporters are Calling to #Repealthe19th?
Justice officials warned FBI that Comeys decision to update Congress was not consistent with department policy
Paul Krugman Puts Obamacare's Problems in Perspective - News of a "death spiral" has been greatly exaggerated.
Clinton eyes Biden for secretary of state
Biden on Trump: I Wish We Were in High School and I Could Take Him Behind the Gym
Donald Trumps conspiracy theories about voting in Philadelphia are preposterous
1,000 Christian Women Ignore Male Leaders, Slam Trump
A List Of The Accusations About Trump's Alleged Inappropriate Sexual Conduct
[ Democratic Patriots FUND Alzheimer's Research 
Major Newspaper Headlines Absurdly Blame Both Candidates For Personal Attacks At Debate
Trump Was RecordedBragging About Grabbing Women by the P***y
Trump Helped Finance Religious Right Groups Before Presidential Bid
Report: Trump Rented Space To Iranian Bank Later Linked To Terrorism
Donald Trump has evaded every single duty of an American citizen his entire life. How can anyone call him a patriot?
Sanders calls Trump a 'political coward' over voter suppression report
Michael McFaul (Former Ambassador to Russia) on Twitter: "Trump complains about others not paying their taxes & then he pays nothing. He criticizes "weak" veterans when he has never served. #Enough!"
Donald Trumps Threat to Reject Election Results Alarms Scholars
Trump Supporter Allegedly Tries to Run Over Latino Dem Candidate (Whos Also a Retired Marine)
The agonizing Essence of Donald Trump, in one gIF
Donald Trump thinks SNL is rigging the election and should be canceled
Clintons critics know shes guilty, they're just trying to decide what she's guilty of
Electing Hillary Isnt Enough: A new President Clinton can save us from Donald Trump  but not a broken Republican Party.
Clinton Leads by 7 Points in North Carolina Poll
Springsteen On Tragic 2016 Race: The Republic Is Under Siege By A Moron
Clinton Mocks Trump: What Kind of Genius Loses $1B?
Donald Trump was paid $5 million by the Saudi government
Trump explains why the First Amendment has too much protection for free speech
Crowd Chants You Won When Al Gore Offers 2000 Election As Proof Your Vote Really Counts (VIDEO)
Salman Rushdie on Sunday
Democrats Sue Trump, State Republican Parties, and Roger Stone for Voter Intimidation Tactics
Increased Democratic turnout spicing up Utah legislative races
What if Donald Trump Won With a GOP Congress?
U.S. Economy Roars Back, Grew 2.9% in Third Quarter
Maggie Hassan Is the Right Choice for New Hampshire
Kate McKinnons Hillary Clinton Isnt Hillary (But She's Still Funny)
Inside Trumps Runner-Up White House: A Glitzy, Empty Hotel on Pennsylvania Ave.: Sixteen months and 10 days and too many seconds after he announced his candidacy (but whos counting?), he is back to square one.
Rick Wilson (GOP (for now) Media Guy) on Twitter: "You guys, you know the BEST October surprises come the LAST weekend. But given there are SO many to be had..."
Kaine writes about missionary service for Deseret News
Hillary Claims Trump Probably Would Have Called George Washington a Loser
When it comes to libel, Donald Trump is a (courtroom) loser
(((Harry Enten))) (538) on Twitter: "At this moment every single national poll would have to be wrong for Trump to win. Possible? Sure. Would I bet on it? No, I'm not an idiot."
Michael MOORE in TRUMPLAND, Critical New Film - Lawrence O'Donnell
What was fake on the Internet this election: George Soross voting machines
Clinton leads in Florida, Trump narrowly leads in Texas
We showed Trump voters photos of black and white Americans. Heres how it affected their views.
Election Update: There Are 4 Ways This Election Can End  And 3 Involve Clinton Winning
(((Harry Enten))) (538) on Twitter: "Re: Trump financial report... Trump's running his campaign like he does his businesses... That's not meant to be a compliment."
Donald Trump's deflated, defeated, low-stamina body language after the debate says it all
A how not to guide on mens violence against women. Thanks, Donald Trump | First Dog on the Moon | Opinion
Watch "Don't Be a Sucker!, the 1947 US Government Anti-Hatred Film Thats Relevant Again in 2016
What Are the New Battleground States?
Trump makes questionable comments about young girls in 1992 video
[ Amazing Stat Fun 
Georgia in Play as Donald Trump Banks on White Firewall
Putin Doesnt Need a Trump Mole When He Has the Internet
Report: Reince Priebus Tells RNC Staffers To Do Whats Best For Them Regarding Trump
Ian Millhiser (Justice Editor, ThinkProgress) on Twitter: "If current trends continue, the GOP's 2024 nominee will be a trained monkey that flings poo at women who earn more than their husbands."
At long last, Republican leaders must disavow Trump
Sen. Rob Portman Pulls His Endorsement Of Donald Trump
When this is over, you will have nothing that you want
President Donald Trumps Team of Terribles Would Bring Bridgegate to Oval Office: Secretaries Christie, Flynn, Gingrich, Giuliani, and Junior could all live up to the high bar their candidate has set for being dangerous and reckless.
Republican Chairman of Wall Street Committee Held Fundraiser With Official From Domestic Terrorist Group
What Mike Pence thinks vs. What Donald Trump says
Why Are Politicians So Obsessed With Manufacturing?
Trump Takes Heat From Mental Health Advocates, Dems On PTSD Comments
Draft-Dodger Donald Trump Implies PTSD Sufferers Are Weak: During a Q&A with veterans, the aspiring commander in chief dishonored service members with the disorder by implying they are weaker than their peers without it.
Clinton: Trump confuses leadership and dictatorship
Election Update: How Big Is Hillary Clintons Lead?
Eight Years In America Hope, And What Came After By Barack Obama And 60 Other Protagonists And Observers
LeBron James, Calling for Hope and Unity, Endorses Hillary Clinton
Marijuana Could Be The Key To Clinton Millennial Outreach
Senator Says US Should Have Used NATO To Defend Ukraine After Russian Invasion: Sen. Johnny Isakson (R-GA) tells a radio station that the US should have invoked NATOs mutual defense clause  but it doesnt apply to non-members and Ukraine isnt part of the alliance. (Congress will control Trump?)
1st Voter Fraud Arrest Of 2016 Is A Republican
Hillary Clintons 3 debate performances left the Trump campaign in ruins
North Carolina Republicans Tried to Disenfranchise a 100-Year-Old African-American Woman: With early voting underway in North Carolina, black and Democratic voters are being wrongly purged from the rolls.
CNNs Dana Bash: Trumps Promise to Prosecute Clinton Is Like Stalin and Hitler
Donald Trump cheated on his taxes at Every. Possible. Level.
Republicans abandon Fox News: Roger Ailes has turned GOP voters from their favorite channel - For the first time, Fox News is no longer a top-20 most trusted brand with conservatives
Mike Pence is An Extreme Social Conservative Wing-nut (Dick Cheney on Steroids)
CNN's President Says It Was A Mistake To Air So Many Trump Rallies And "Let Them Run"
Trump Foundation ordered to stop fundraising by N.Y. attorney generals office
A veteran spy has given the FBI information alleging a Russian operation to cultivate Donald Trump
Clinton Says She Was Surprised by Trumps Avalanche of Falsehoods
A President Trump could destroy the world economy
Hillary Clinton on Twitter: A person who implies that veterans suffering from PTS are not "strong" is unfit to be Commander-in-Chief. Period.
Trump's behavior isn't OK in the gentleman's club I worked for, much less America
Even Republicans know the Bill Clinton attacks dont work
The Donald Trump We Always Knew: Neither Sundays debate nor the 2005 video showed us anything new about the Republican nominee.
Says Donald Trump "was asked if he would defend our allies. He said well, first he'd want to know if they made any payments to us to defend them."  Hillary Clinton on Tuesday, October 25th, 2016 in a rally in Florida
Trump's website pulled down Mike Pence's entire campaign schedule as Pence tries to hide
Trump will walk back guidance protecting transgender students, Pence confirms
Rep. Tim Ryan to Ohio workers: Donald Trump will 'gut you'
U.S. economy surges to strongest growth in two years
In historic Gettysburg, Lincoln spoke of unity; Trump complained of a totally rigged system
CNN INSTANT POLL: Clinton wins final debate by wide margin, completes hat trick
Clinton the resilient shows she's tougher than Trump the bully
Hillary Clinton draws big crowd at Ohio State
A vicious presidential debate: With his campaign sinking, he decided the best response was to snarl and double down on old falsehoods.
Trump Ally Roger Stone's Group Paid Sexual Assault Victim Critical Of Hillary Clinton
LeBron James: Why I'm endorsing Hillary Clinton
Melania Reportedly Refused to Make Joint TV Appearance With Trump to Address Leaked Audio
Is Trump Your Fault? Take This Quiz To Find Out Your Trump Fault Score
Florida: Almost 4 million votes in and 8 days to go
Justice Thomas: 'We're destroying our institutions'
Eva Longoria Pushes for Cortez Masto in Nevada
Elizabeth Warrens Power On The Rise
Daniel Dale (Toronto Star.) on Twitter: "NEW NON-DEBATE RECORD: Donald Trump said 37 false things yesterday. #TrumpCheck"
John Harwood (CNBC) on Twitter: "in ABC tracking poll Clinton now leads Trump by 19 points among white college graduates, a group no Democrat has carried in modern elections"
As Florida Early Voting Begins, 99% More Latinos Have Already Voted Than In 2012
Trump Spent $300K Of Donor Money On Books From Art Of The Deal Publisher
AT&Ts Merger Could Be A Bad Sign For The Economy
Watch Donald Trump Absolutely Heap Praise Over Hillary Clinton in 2008 Interview: "She's a Great Senator, Great Wife, Wonderful Woman, Very Smart...Bill Clinton Was A Great President..."
Barack Obama Aint Got Time For Congressjerk Darrell Issa Pretending They Are Friends
Donald Trump Attacks Hillary Clinton For a Pay to Play Speech She Didnt Give: The summit took place two whole years after Clinton stepped down as Secretary of State, she did not attend, gave no speech, and received no money
Steve Rosenberg (Moscow Correspondent for BBC News) on Twitter: "As I listen to Russian TV claiming US election is rigged, I can't help wondering: do Dmitry Kiselev & Donald Trump share a scriptwriter?"
Media Should Be All Over This: Where's the 'substantial evidence' Trump promised would disprove his accusers?
You can dress him up, but Trump will always be Trump
Private Security Group Says Russia Was Behind John Podestas Email Hack: The security group concluded that Hillary Clintons campaign chairman was hacked by the same Russian foreign intelligence service that hacked the D.N.C.
Scott Adams: Hero or Dick? The Complicated Nature of Americas Best Trump Apologist
The Daily 202: Trumps lack of self-control allows Clinton to sweep the debates
Another woman accuses Trump, says he groped her breast | "Karena Virginia Becomes Tenth Woman to Accuse Trump of Sexual Misconduct"
Donald Trumps astonishing, damaging refusal to accept the fundamental premise of American elections
Get fired up before the debate. Call a voter.
Voter fraud is a big problem in this country
Fed: Industrial Production increased 0.1% in September
Wikileaks Says Assange's Internet Link Was Severed By 'State Party'
Who I'm Voting For President
Attention Idaho, New York, North Carolina, & Oklahoma - Today is your last day to register to Vote
"America Divided": New TV Series Explores Inequality from Water to Housing to Mass Incarceration
Going Local in the Fight Against Inequality
What the WikiLeaks Emails Reveal About Hillary Clinton: Conservatives will see corruption and liberals will see corporatism and expedience, but the exchanges simply expose the candidate thats been there all along.
Pence asks Republicans to share WikiLeaks revelations about Clinton  but overstates whats in them
How Donald Trumps fall matters: Trump didn't revive his chances after the second debate. But he did revive fears of how he'll respond to losing.
At the second presidential debate, a Trump at odds with everyone and everything
Rick Wilson (GOP Strategist) on Twitter: "Silence gives assent. Remember that rule, Republicans."
35 Republicans have now called for Donald Trump to drop out
Obamacare Is Wildly Misunderstood
Please Support this bottom-up campaign - Progressive-Berniecrats-Primary Winners  160 Candidates running in 2016 State and Federal Races that YOU can support on 1 ActBlue page  They need your support today !!!
GOP consumed by crisis as more Republicans call on Trump to quit race
US election media review - Is Donald Trump's campaign over? - BBC News
More Asian-Americans Are Identifying as Democrats, Survey Finds
Thirty former Republican members of Congress condemn Trump
Hillary Clinton's Lonesome White Male Supporters
Atticus Goldfinch (@TheBuckleyClub) on Twitter: "Wow these @GUCCIFER_2 leaks are WAY worse than I originally thought!"
Adam Servianski (Senior Editor, @TheAtlantic) on Twitter: "The official position of the Trump campaign, according to Pence, is that Trump never said any of the things we all saw and heard him say."
Whip it out
Clinton Foundation refutes new claim that hacker stole files
Tim Kaines Time With a Marxist Priest: Tim Kaine frequently talks about how his mission in Honduras in the early 1980s shaped his worldview. That trip included visits with a controversial priest who later disappeared.
23 New Election links - 2016 Election hacking confirmed - NSA, DHS, and Letter from Reid, Pelosi, Ryan and McConnell; CICJ Book and Support links, CA, AZ and FL updates
Donald Trump's women problem is coming home to roost
Trump's art of deception
Trumps organization did business with Iranian bank later linked to terrorism
Trumps leaked returns show his tax fixes would most help  guess who
Following Trump tax revelations, voters in Toledo question his business acumen
Kurt Eichenwald (Newsweek):"Trump the adulterer is now suggesting, with no evidence, that Hillary had an affair. Do trump fans get this man is becoming unhinged?" - Rick Wilson:"The hinges fell off long ago, and he's running naked through the asylum, pausing only to scrawl his manifesto on the wall"
Clinton stays silent on the campaign trail on Trumps taxes  but takes some big swings on Twitter
Life imitates art
As of this morning, Florida Democratic Party has submitted 469k voter registration forms; Republican Party of Florida has submitted 59k
New York Daily News Front Page, October 21, 2016.
Donald Trump is one more bullyboy in a world of strongmen
See Mike Run: Pence Flees From Reporters When Asked About Paul Ryan Dumping Trump
CNNs Dana Bash: Trumps stunning threat to jail Clinton was like Stalin or Hitler
An unlikely Bush finally did some damage to Donald Trump: Billy Bush
The Tampa Bay Times, Florida's most widely circulated newspaper, endorses Hillary Clinton for President.
Mike Pence Pretends That Trump Never Happened: The vice-presidential nominee points to one path forward for Republicans in 2020albeit one that seems unlikely to work.
4 Former Trump Supporters Reveal the Moment They Saw the Light & Realized They Had Been Conned
Republicans Urge Replacing Man Who Hates Women with Man Who Hates Women and Gays
30 former Republican lawmakers: Trump is 'manifestly unqualified to be president'
Giuliani's daughter says she's voting for Clinton
North Carolina lost out on a $250 million business expansion because of its 'bathroom law'
Oath Keepers Promise to Patrol the Polls on Election Day: With Donald Trump doubling down on claims of a rigged election, the Oath Keepers is calling all members to rush to the polls and monitor for voter fraud.
Donald Trumps campaign has become one big airing of grievances: About 15 percent of Trump's public comments in recent days have been complaints about the election and the media.
Rep. Ellison calls for DOJ to investigate Joe Walsh tweet
Why so much blatant racism is bubbling to the surface: Several recent outbursts of overt racism show how social media and the presidential race are stirring up sentiments that were deeply buried. And Donald Trump, with his brash style, has helped lead the charge.
GOP think tank: Trump's plans would just run up debt
The Kansas Experiment Continues Collapse: Revenue Off By Nearly $45M. Pay Attention, America.
John McCain: Republicans will block anyone Clinton names to the Supreme Court
Bernie Sanders taps his donor network to raise nearly $2 million in two days for House, Senate contenders
"The North Carolina NAACP has now received reports from NC NAACP membership in at least 5 counties that, in some instances, electronic voting machines may be malfunctioning and improperly identifying a voters selected choice as a choice for a different candidate."
A Berniecrat's Argument Against Jill Stein and For Hillary Clinton
You Look Like a Woman!: Mob of Trump Supporters Hurls Abuse at CNN's Jim Acosta
Former Trump Employee: I 'Absolutely' Believe Sexual Misconduct Allegations
Donald Trump: Sexual assault bragging is locker room banter. Now let's talk about ISIS.
Why Trumps winning temperament is turning into a political loser
Tim Kaine Predicts Possible Nuclear Option Over Supreme Court Nomination
Obama ratchets up fight to unseat Rubio
Nevada elections chief refuses to accommodate Native Americans who have to drive 200 miles to vote
Democratic Breakthrough Looms in Statehouses | RealClearPolitics
Donald Trumps risky plan to use the Internet to suppress Hillary Clintons turnout
How incumbency, not gerrymandering, may protect the Republican House majority
Michael Moore Defends Support For Hillary Clinton
More Republicans expect Clinton, rather than Trump, to win U.S. election
Kyle Griffin (Producer on MSNBC's @TheLastWord) on Twitter: ""It still evokes anger and hurt." New Clinton vid features woman discriminated against by Trump properties in 70s."
Colin Powell: Im Voting for Hillary Clinton
Former US ambassador to Russia goes after WikiLeaks in tweetstorm
Why Investors Are Terrified of a President Trump: The Republican nominees presidential campaign has been nightmarish for his hotel business. Financial markets foresee a similar effect on the world economy.
"14 percent of noncitizens are registered to vote."  Donald Trump on Saturday, October 22nd, 2016 in a rally in Cleveland, Ohio
Trump on porn actress who accused him of misconduct: 'Oh, I'm sure she's never been grabbed before'
US election: Clinton says she will focus on issues, not Trump - BBC News
Casey Michel on Twitter: "The last time the Cubs were in the World Series, no African-Americans played in the Majors. Now, one's finishing off a two-term presidency."
Prepare for the fallout of Butthurt Trump Supporters - Meme Away
Clinton for President | First Democrat Endorsement for President since 1964
Democrats Sure Know How to Make an Emotional Political Ad
Vladimir Putin's Russia: Will It Rock America's Vote?
Donald Trump vs. American Democracy
Clinton Probably Finished Off Trump Last Night
The last debate: Donald Trump doesnt care about democracy
Donald Trump turns final presidential debate into unhinged TV
Why then does the left focus on corruption, rather than on strong moral and idealistic changes?
Trump accuser: He touched me 'wherever he could find a landing spot'
Im the Last Thing Standing Between You and the Apocalypse: Inside the final weeks of Hillary Clintons cautious  and surprisingly risky  campaign.
Obama Considers Proportional Response to Russian Hacking in U.S. Election: Much of the Russian efforts appear directed at undermining the campaigns of Hillary Clinton and other Democrats, and the topic has come up in presidential debates.
First on CNN: Clinton super PAC considers expanding to Senate races
The US Left: A Short Introduction
Everything Donald Trump Says About Syria Is Crazy, Wrong or Both: Tonight we saw a shortcoming of Donald Trump which eclipses his casual racism, xenophobia, misogyny and thuggishness.
Donald Trump represents change? In what universe?
David Frum (Senior Editor, The Atlantic) on Twitter: "This is shaping up as the most humiliating Russian defeat since Lake Placid, 1980"
Fox News Live TV stream - comment section full of deplorables. Intersting little petri dish.
Trump's Ex-Accountant: I Did All His Taxes, Trump's No "Genius"
Sol Stern: Donald Trumps most disgusting lie
[Democracy under threat
Watch Michelle Obama CRUSH Donald Trump With Just A Flick Of The Wrist (VIDEO) - THE POLITICUS
Republicans diss Hillary for simply being a woman
Rick Wilson (GOP Strategist) on Twitter: "Now I want to meet the Trump from Earth 2 that Pence was describing."
Donald Trump lost the first presidential debate. Then Had An Emotional Meltdown And His Worst Week Yet.
Donald Trumps no good, very bad week: Economic genius revealed as tax scammer who lost $916 million in a boom market
Donald Trump's Erratic reaction to tax story shows a candidate in free fall
Comeygate is looking worse and worse
Sane Republicans should pack their bags and flee the GOP
More Women Come Forward With Donald Trump Groping Allegations
More Trump tapes surface with crude sex remarks
Tim Kaine Says Mike Pences Running Mate Could Blow Up the World
Study: Bots accounted for a third of all pro-Trump Twitter activity during the debate
Most Republicans believe Russia is meddling in U.S. election: Reuters/Ipsos poll
Hillary Clinton On Twitter: "Ryan Is Still Endorsing Trump." -- Rick Wilson (GOP Strategist) on Twitter: "I told you people the Democrats were just waiting. Now they smell blood."
LeBron endorses Hillary
daveweigel (WaPo) on Twitter: "I've been seeing dudes selling/wearing "TRUMP THAT BITCH" shirts at Trump rallies since April. Go ahead and pretend the problem is one man."
Donald Trumps former campaign chairman Paul Manafort was lobbying Vladimir Putin through a company he owned - Eyelock, owned by two Trump aides, wanted to do business in Moscow
Matt Drudge Creates Nothing. He's a Poacher
Early Turnout Tilts Toward Democrats in Swing States
A Look At Donald Trump, Libel Defendant: "Perception Is Reality" -- At a court hearing this month that included multiple references to Nazi Germany, the Republican candidate aimed to throw out a lawsuit accusing him of bullying a female political operative.
The Ivanka Trump clothing line boycott is growing. You are what you wear #GrabYourWallets
Buzz builds about Michelle's future
Inside Donald Trumps One-Stop Parties: Attendees Recall Cocaine and Very Young Models: I was there to party myself. It was guys with younger girls, sex, a lot of sex, a lot of cocaine, top-shelf liquor but no smoking. Trump didnt approve of cigarettes.
WE FOUND THE PLAN: Donald Trumps Axis of Tinfoil Hats Duped Again
Obama Popularity, Clinton Muscle Lift Democrats' Senate Hopes in North Carolina
Josh Rogin (Columnist - WaPo, Political Analyst - CNN) on Twitter: "Trump has switched from pro-Russian propaganda to pro-ISIS propaganda. #facepalm"
Trumps Gettysburg Redress (of Grievances)  The American Singularity
Col. Morris Davis (Guantanamo Chief Prosecutor 2005-07) On Twitter: ".@realDonaldTrump: "Gettysburg's a mess. It's only famous because of dead losers too stupid to get out of serving in the Army like I did.""
Alex Burns (Political correspondent for @NYTPolitics @NYTMetro) on Twitter: "In almost ANY OTHER situation, a politician calling opponent a "nasty woman" would be most explosive moment of the debate/week/entire race"
Even Without Trump, American Politics Is PatheticVP Debate Is Proof
New Clinton tool lets supporters auto-donate every time Trump tweets
Pouting Trump Doesnt Like Ohios GOP Chairman
Vegas gun store advertises Pre-Hillary Sale on semi-automatic rifle: Dont wait! Prices will skyrocket after Crooked Hillary gets in.
How to Build an Exit Ramp for Trump Supporters
GOP candidate offers Harlem residents free KFC and watermelon  they offer him a foot in the ass
Clinton dedicates an entire speech to climate change
Democrats on the Senate: We got this
What President Donald Trump Would Do On Day 1
Donald Trump's Bitter Barrage Against Republicans: Four weeks before Election Day, the GOPs nominee is attacking not Hillary Clinton but his own party and its most senior office-holder.
Trump's Promise to Jail Clinton Is a Threat to American Democracy: A candidate who accepted the nomination to chants of Lock her up! crosses a dangerous line.
Trump in 1989 Central Park Five interview: "Maybe hate is what we need"
Paul Ryan Presents Official Terrible Nightmare Plans Republicans Will Have President Trump Pass
Pantsuit Power flashmob video for Hillary Clinton: Two women, 170 dancers & no police
With 35 days to go, Donald Trumps campaign is headed in the wrong direction
Donald Trumps contempt for American democracy
Clinton: Trump is Taking from America with both hands
Donald Trump's campaign appears to be slipping into death spiral
Newsweek investigation: How Donald Trump ditched U.S. steel workers in favor of China
Trump BTFO: LeBron James endorses Hillary Clinton
Dan Eggen (WaPo dep natl politics editor) on Twitter: ""What we're seeing is someone who's blowing himself apart in real time" via @PhilipRucker @wpjenna""
Trump Supporter Pulls A Gun On Black Lives Matter Protesters In Portland [VIDEO
At Long Last, Trump Blames The Jews For His Failed Campaign.
Harry Reids incendiary claim about coordination between Donald Trump and Russia
Denying Trumps Denial, U.S. Intel Chief Says Theres More Evidence of Russian Hacking
SNL Torches Donald Trumps Pussy Apology in Icky, NSFW Cold Open
Kurt Eichenwald (Contributing Editor, Vanity Fair; Senior Writer, Newsweek) On Twitter: "Anyone who isn't disturbed by the links between Russian hackers, trump advisors, roger stone and Julian assange is blinded by partisanship."
Rick Wilson (GOP Strategist) on Twitter: "If you think this is anywhere near the most morally repugnant thing about Trump to come out before the election, you're going to be shocked."
Trumps path to an electoral college victory isnt narrow. Its non-existent.
Trump Looking At Young Girls: "I'm Going To Be Dating Her In 10 Years"
Clintons little-known crusade to save Africas elephants Relentless poaching is decimating Africas elephants. But the worlds largest land mammal could have a powerful, new champion if Hillary Clinton becomes president of the U.S.
Michael McFaul (former Ambassador to Russia) on Twitter: "What bothers me most about Trump & apologists is that they insult all men by claiming we talk/act the way he does. #Enough !"
Who would have thought we would see these statements a month out from Election Day?
CNN reporter Sara Murray: Donald Trump supporters keyed my car, cut truck cables
Donald Trump just turned a charity dinner into a screed against Hillary Clinton: By the end, Trump was getting booed regularly.
Schumer deploys last-ditch Senate money drop
Abandoning Donald Trump and, for Some Women, the G.O.P., Too
Hillary Clintons millennial surge has arrived
Megyn Kelly Politely Annihilates Newt Gingrich For Defending Donald Trump Against Sexual Assault Allegations
Trump's Greatest Fear: Losing Status, Tapes Show
Voter registration deadline: when can you register to vote in your state?
Rigged election? Trump is just hanging himself out to dry
Meet The Press Panel Agrees: This GOP Needs To Die
The New Yorker Endorses Hillary Clinton
I Went to a Trump Rally Expecting Violence, What I Found Was Quiet Desperation
70 Nobel Laureates Endorse Hillary Clinton
Palm Beach Post exclusive: Local woman says Trump groped her
Daughters and Trumps: Memo to Republicans: You dont need to be a dad to be sickened by Donald. Just a human being.
The Trump Effect: Our kids and country are still being contaminated
A Preview of a Despot: Human rights, civil rights, the rule of law: Trump doesnt believe in them, and he would like your vote.
Shep Smith Goes Off on Trump Over Debate Performance and Almost Fascist Jail Line
The questions Republicans will have to answer: The GOP is torn asunder.
Collateral Damage: Trump Could Take the GOP Down With Him
Sen. Mike Lee urges Trump to quit, as Utah Republicans abandon their partys nominee
3 big questions Donald Trump will have to answer about this lewd video
Trump's Words Are Not 'Explicit Sex Talk' -- Concern isnt about being "lewd" or "graphic," but about being misogynistic, coercive, abusive, and dehumanizing.
Reid Predicts Clinton, Cortez Masto Will Carry Nevada
Says Donald Trump "never said that" more nations should get nuclear weapons.  Mike Pence on Tuesday, October 4th, 2016 in in the 2016 vice presidential debate
Trump's Terrible Week Continues: A Closer Look
Only you can prevent a Trump presidency
Trek against Trump urges voters to choose Hillary Clinton
Obama approval hits new high
Vox: A Trump Collapse could Give Democrats Back the House
6 people have now gone on the record to back up a reporter who says Trump sexually assaulted her
Ratings Change: 7 House Races Shift Toward Democrats
Donald Trumps Lack of Discipline and Discernment: According to his own words, he objectifies women, prioritizes fighting and fetishizes adoration.
Trump Cites Police, Military, ICE Endorsements That Didn't Happen
Trump took $17 million in insurance for damage few remember
Supreme Court Vacancy, enough is enough
RNC in legal trouble over Trump call for poll-watchers
GOP States Keep Ignoring Court Orders to Restore Voting Rights
Anti-Defamation League Says Trump supporters coordinated anti-Semitic abuse of Jewish journalists
70 Nobel Prize winners endorse Clinton for president
All of Donald Trumps Accusers: A Timeline of Every Alleged Grope and Assault
Trump, companies accused of mistreating women in at least 20 lawsuits
These ladies hilariously objecting to their mothers Trump sign.
Jill Colvin (AP) on Twitter: "This Trump supporter has a speaking "Lying Hillary" doll that hangs from a noose."
Im Pissed! Sean Hannity Absolutely Loses It Over Never Trumper Jerks and Evan McMullin
Charity expected free event at Trump club, says its hit up for $20,000
Sanders: My Emails Would Be Just As Harsh About Clinton
Alex von Tunzelmann (Historian) on Twitter: "Ex-KKK leader sends message of adoring support to Wikileaks. Wikileaks respond by... tweeting antisemitism."
Jim Acosta ((CNN's Senior White House Correspondent) on Twitter: "Spotted at Trump VA Beach rally - bullseye with Clinton's face on it"
Nate Silver Explains Just How Bad Donald Trump's Night Actually Was
Ryan Avoids Talking Trump, Paints Grim Picture Of 'Liberal Progressive' Rule
Clinton's Wikipedia vandalized, replaced with pornographic image
Understanding Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton's Tax Plans
Donald Trumps strategy for minority Americans? Dont let them vote.
Here's Audio Of Trump Campaign CEO Saying: "What We Need To Do Is Bitch Slap" The GOP And Threatening To "Take It Over"
Is a photo ID reqired to vote in texas or is a voter registration card enough?
It could be a thing: Trump women who were abused and had to sign a non-disparagement agreement could state categorically "Donald Trump did NOT (types of abuse) me in (year of abuse).
Trump throws GOP into chaos
Dont Laugh at Trump Buying Nancy ODell Furniture  It Shows His Move Was Premeditated
In 1999, Trump Said He Couldnt Be President Because of the Women Hed Sleep With
If Trump Wins, Paul Ryan's Budget Plan Will Destroy 'Ordinary Americans'
Rick Wilson (GOP Strategist) on Twitter: ""The tortoise lays on its back, its belly baking in the hot sun, beating its legs trying to turn itself over, but it can't.""
Ralph Nader Supporters Warn Third-Party Voters: Don't Make The Same Mistake!
Trump Reportedly Donated to Several AGs While They Considered Looking Into His Business
State police in Indiana, where Pence is governor, raid voter registration group offices, confiscate computers and files. Voter intimidation?
Rob Reiner: We are living All in the Family, and Donald Trump is Archie Bunker
Vice Presidential Debates Have Mattered Before. Here's A Look Back
Donald Trump And The Felon: Inside His Business Dealings With A Mob-Connected Hustler
James Gleick (Author Chaos) On Twitter: "Here is Donald complaining that the poor dont pay enough income tax."
The Election is Rigged After All -- Against African Americans: Voting rights advocates have won a string of court battles, but state election officials have found ways to restrict early voting anywayoften at the behest of GOP leaders.
Big donors demand Republican Party drops Donald Trump amid Numerous sexual assault allegations
Former GOP congressman incites armed revolution if Donald Trump loses the election
Former RNC Chair: Trump Has Spoken To America's 'Racist Underbelly'
It's ironic that Marlee Maitlin was called 'retarded' by a man who can't speak half as well as she.
The Sleaziness of Donald Trump: He boasted about assaulting women. Enough.
Obama To GOP: 'Don't Act Like This Started With Donald Trump'
Election Update: Trump May Depress Republican Turnout, Spelling Disaster For The GOP
How Did This Trump Supporter Learn That Clinton Has Dementia?: Ive Been Watching a Lot of Fox News
"I don't know Putin. I never Met Putin...he's not my best friend, OK?"
Trump biographer: Hes not trying to win  hes using donors to build an audience for Trump TV
Donald Trump Invested In Company Behind Controversial Dakota Access Pipeline, Records Show
Trumps claim about Canadians traveling to the United States for medical care -- Three Pinocchios
Sexual Assault Hotline Traffic Spiked Following Trump's Vile Debate Remarks
The Very Political James Comey: The FBI director says he doesnt "give a hoot about politics. But when it comes to Clinton and her emails, hes made a series of political decisions that have jeopardized the integrity of the FBIand the U.S. election process.
Bruce Springsteen: You can change a life in three minutes with the right song | Guardian
Inside the knock-down, drag-out fight to turn North Carolina blue
What To Do When Faced With Voter Intimidation
Those Loyal Trumpkins were Tricked by Trump
In several key states, the early vote has shifted heavily to the Democrats since 2012
Obama defends Obamacare, acknowledges problems with the law
Don't be scared away from voting!
Michelle Obama's HEARTBREAKING Speech: 'This Is Not Something That We Can Ignore.'
Fox News Poll: Clinton Leads Trump By 7 Points
Footage surfaces of Trump making questionable remark about 10-year old girl
Spy Magazine Makes a brief but necessary comeback.
Analysis: By 2025, most of Donald Trumps tax cuts would go to the wealthiest 1% of Americans
Hello From The_Donald
Ben Carson endorses Donald Trump
Neil Degrasse Tyson sticks up for Trump
Trump breaks 50% in national support for the first time
The Truth About the Anti-Trump Chicago Riot
Trump: Clinton 'should suffer' for emails
Carly Fiorina: Ted Cruz will say anything to become president; Americans are tired of the political class.
DNC hires fake protestors to Incite Violence at Trump Rallies
Forbes: "The red states arent in fact poorer than the blue states. Theyre richer"
This is the Party of Reagan and Lincoln
... Coming from /r/the_Donald and overe here there's no speak of what happened in Colorado. No primary and no caucus, Cruz gets all the delegates! What do you guys think about that?
Islamist so called 'Refugees' threaten to throw babies over the side if boat turned back from Italy in the Med. Katie Hopkins quote 'Even animals defend their young.'
Rand Paul On Trump: Ive Always Said Ill Endorse The Nominee - To me its most important that people know that, for Kentucky, the Clintons will be terrible.
To the mods: Add /r/randpaul to the notable republicans sidebar. You have christie and walker in there, Paul's subreddit is one of the biggest republican subreddits, 2nd only to /r/the_donald
Anti-Trump protesters take the night off as the Donald speaks for an hour in Ohio with ZERO interruptions  and hammers Buckeye State opponent: 'Kasich cannot make America great again'
The real enemies of America
Donald Trump Releases Plan to Make Mexico Pay for Border Wall
Watch "You Can't Stump the Trump Volume XXII (#CallBrussels)" on YouTube
8 Things You Need To Know About Ted Cruz's Sex Scandal
Rand Paul Mocks Hillary Clinton For Spending $90,000 on a Campaign Playlist, Offers His Own List For Her
The GOPs stop-Trump movement is a pathetic joke
I'm an atheist who has always hated the religious right. But I'm beginning to think they were on to something.
Hillary Clinton: Illegal Immigrants Should Be Allowed to Get Obamacare
Don't Dismiss Trump On Foreign Policy
BlackLivesMatter Terrorist online Threatens to Kill Donald Trump, His Daughter, and Wife
Trump Holds Big National Lead, Democratic Race Tightens
Former Facebook Workers: We Routinely Suppressed Conservative News
Donald Trump Denounces War Party  Calls For Cooperation with Russia - Important distinction ignored by MSM morons
Poll: US Troops Prefer Donald Trump to Hillary by 2-1 Margin
Trump: The Only Thing Hillarys Got Is The Woman Card - Now a poll came out yesterday where I was essentially even with her and I havent focused on her.
Pence: Trump won, 'proud to stand' with him
Ted Cruz: I Have Zero Interest Whatsoever in Being Donald Trumps VP Pick
Ted Cruz Pushed to Dramatically Expand Muslim Migration in 2013
Donald Trump Says Hillary Clinton Mistreated Husbands Female Accusers-Describing Mrs. Clinton as an enabler, he added, Some of these women were destroyed, not by him, but by the way that Hillary Clinton treated them after everything went down.
MEGADONORS beg Donald to accept there money, but he keeps #denying them.
Trump Getting 26% Of Black Vote  More Than Any Republican Since 1960
Even After Wisconsin=> Ted Cruz Will Be Knocked Out of Race By April 26  In Three Weeks
Great bumper sticker...
Carly Fiorina endorses Ted Cruz  What Could This Mean, If Anything?
Bill Clinton Victim Comes Forward For Reddit AMA
Trump addresses black youth unemployment: Obama has done nothing for African-American people
Ted Cruz Will Be Knocked Out of Race By April 26th - Even If He Wins WI
"George Soros exposed!" This is the man behind truly behind Moveon.org and the radical left in America. Please watch and share.
Giuliani on rigged election: 'Dead people generally vote for Democrats'
Gary Johnson: 'I would sign the TPP.'
Border Patrol union: 'Trump is the only candidate' to support agents
Watch "You Can't Stump the Trump Volume XX (The House of Romney)" on YouTube
Priebus slams Never Trump movement, calls for GOP unity
Stop Standing Against Trump And Start Standing For America
After terror events like San Bernardino and Paris attacks, Marvel comics compares people who criticize illegal islamist immigration to the RedSkull attacking the Jewish people
Cruz-Fiorina 2016
PIERS MORGAN: When it comes to terror, isnt it time we started listening seriously to Trump?
After Hillary Pulls Out, New York Times Declares Ohio Unimportant
5 Reasons To Stop Pretending Hillary Is Better Than Donald
POLL: 33% of Bernie supporters will never back Hillary...
Teen Thugs Threaten to Shoot Donald Trump in Rap Video
Obama Doubles Down on Bringing Refugees Into U.S. EVEN AFTER BRUSSELS ATTACKS
Protesters Fail to Disrupt Donald Trump in Tucson After Earlier Phoenix Chaos
Megyn Kelly: Trumps Unscripted Campaign Is a Breath of Fresh Air
Milo Yiannopoulos Brutally Shuts Down Question About Alt-Right "Virgins"
Editor Milo Yiannopoulos challenges Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg to a debate. Milo as I recall is a tech writer, maybe gay, very conservative and maybe anti-immigration since he writes for 'Breitbart'...it should make for an interesting debate.
Trump's real magic number is less than 1,237 [Unbound delegates shifting to Trump
Democratic Operative Explains Voter Fraud: We've Been Bussing People In For Fifty Years
So called "Refugees" do military exercises behind German grocery store. Will Europe's problems soon arrive on the shores of the USA?
Sign Petition to verify Elizabeth Warren's Native American heritage
HP stock went up 7% the day Carly Fiorina got fired.
Trump: Senate should block Obama's Supreme Court nominee
Right now Hillary Clinton is a greater threat to our national well-being than Donald Trump. Throughout her time in politics, she has shown terrible judgment and little regard for the truth...
20 Times Hillary Clinton Has Pushed for Bills She Now Opposes
Wendys Serves Up Big Kiosk Expansion As Wage Hikes Hit Fast Food (Socialism in Action)
Tim Kaine Dines with George Soros Son as Donald Trumps Rise Terrifies Elite
Can Donald Trump Win Every Delegate in New York?
Sheriffs rip Obama silence on murdered police, say he backs 'those that kill us'
Could Trump Pull Off a Surprise Last-Minute Victory? Two Reputable Pollsters Say Yes.
Trump launches America First app, a competitive social network
Socialism: Venezuela army deployed to control food production and distribution
Trump on Cruz about Fiorina falling off stage: They just showed it to me, and I said, Wow thats really cruel, she fell off, she just went down. And she went down right in front of him and he was talking and he kept talking That was a weird deal, man."
Rick Scott (R. Gov. FL) Has Mic Shut Off When He Refuses to Say That Muslims Dont Hate America
Libertarian VP pick slams guns: Handguns even worse than AR-15s - Red Alert Politics
Europe just went 'Thought-Police 1984' Major information providers such as Facebook, Youtube and Google vow to review and remove "hate speech" content for EU borders.
Trump a good sport about Obamas Correspondents Dinner digs
NA NA NA IF I CANT HEAR YOU YOUR IDEAS ARE WRONG!
Democrats beware: Donald Trump is finding success well outside the Republican fringe
Michigan Shows Trump Could Redraw Electoral Map vs. Clinton
PIERS MORGAN on why Donald Trump Train's given the cocky, lazy, Washington elite the spanking it deserves
Gallup: Cruz favorability scores goes negative for first time as Trump gains popular approval among Republicans
GOP Turnout, Already Strong, Is Getting Stronger
RNC DEFENDS VOTERLESS ELECTIONS! 'DON'T GIVE A DARN'
Left-wing activists 'throw ROCKS at Trump supporters' as tensions boil over in Utah
Surprise!!!!
Donald Trumps Black Voter Outreach: Democrats Have Failed Black Americans
WI Gov. Scott Walker: If You Dont Vote for Trump Youre Voting for Hillary
Watch "You Can't Stump the Trump Volume XXVI (America First)" on YouTube
Ted Cruz dropping out of the Republican presidential race
Former Walker campaign manager signs on with Trump
Trump: Democrats the party of slavery and Jim Crow
Paul Ryan Booed At Trump Rally In His Hometown
VICTORY: UC Irvine Republicans Ban Overturned Following Backlash
It's time that John Dropped out.
Trump poised for a winning spree. [When your enemies at Politico say that it means something
the libtard identity game
Leaked Audio: Clinton Says Supreme Court Is Wrong on Second Amendment
RED ALERT: See The Video of Hillary Collapsing That Is Being Censored
5 Reasons Hillary is Bad For Woman
Donald Trump on torture: 'We have to beat the savages'
Jack Abramoff: I Was Imprisoned for Same Things Hillary Clinton Has Done
The Clinton sleaze never ends
Barack Obama: don't blame me, blame the GOP for the rise of Donald Trump, thoughts?
Donald Trump challenges Hillary Clinton to release detailed medical records
Donald Trump rips GOP rivals who broke pledge
Donald Trump Speech on Hillary Clinton in NYC (6-22-16)
Yes, Donald Could Beat Hillary
The Pathology Of The Conservative Mind - Social Matter
Trump Had The 4 Biggest Moments Of The Debate, According To Facebook
Maine Governor Paul LePage labels Khizr Khan a "con man"
So-called 'Gold Star Family' exposed: Khizr Khans Deep Legal, Financial Connections to Saudi Arabia, Hillarys Clinton Foundation Tie Terror, Immigration, Email Scandals Together
Joe Biden OUTS Military Aide Carrying NUCLEAR FOOTBALL while criticizing Trump for poor judgement
A Letter From An Ex-Liberal: An Acknowledgement Of Vacuousness
Donald Trump and Marco Rubio Are Playing Nice
Some Rubio advisers say get out before Florida
What is the Democratic Party Good For? Absolutely Nothing
Watch "You Can't Stump the Trump Volume XXIV (The Double Entente)" on YouTube
Gov. Jerry Brown admits minimum wage laws don't make economic sense, as he signs minimum wage law
Dr Carson Endorses Donald J Trump!
Trump fever in Appalachia raises warnings for Clinton in coal country
Presidential Temperament
After #BlackOlivesMatter, this needs to be said, again.
LONDONISTAN !? the Saudi London Press: U.S. Blew Up World Trade Center To Create War On Terror. London-based Al-Hayat daily has claimed that the U.S. planned the attacks on the World Trade Center in order to create a global war on terror.
John Kasich Hit by PC Police for Advice to Young Woman-"But what seemed like common sense quickly came under attack. Enforcers of the Lefts rape culture narrative quickly pounced."
Former CO GOP Chair: Message We're Sending Is "Your Vote Doesn't Matter And Your Voice Doesn't Count"
Michelle Fields, Ben Shapiro resign from Breitbart
Ted Cruz attributes Trump support to voters with 'low information' who are 'not that engaged'
Who said it, Trump or Clinton? Democrats Can't Decide
Trump Rolls Out A New Nickname For Kasich
"TED CRUZ"  A YUGE Lip Reading
Hillary campaign gave $50 million to "Get our Jobs Back" Superpac, managed by convicted Ponzi schemer Stephen Hoffenberg
Students For Trump Grows To Fill College Republicans Role On Campus
'Game on': Trump, Sanders say willing to debate before California primary
Trump's Campaign Manager Won't Be Prosecuted; Charges dropped against Lewandoski
Michigan GOP: Leave Trump's delegates alone
Trump releases letter backing claims of years of tax audits
SHADOW CAMPAIGN TO DENY TRUMP HIS DELEGATES BEGINS: Kasich and Cruz quietly work to persuade delegates to break with GOP voters in a contested convention.
Creamer Confirms Hillary Clinton Was PERSONALLY Involved in hiring Fake Protesters
Data Shows that Police are not Racially Biased
As Harry Reid Departs, Trump Threatens to Strip Nevada from the Democrats
Obama marks Muslim holiday with call to accept refugees
Trump raised more than $2 million in 12 hours
The Orlando Shooting and Islam  The Alternative Hypothesis
Planned Parenthood Ignores Doctors' Warnings for Transgender Kids
DeLay: Cruz Must Sue Over Affair Allegations or Risk Presidential Bid
Scott: Trump will win big in Florida
CHARLES HURT: Donald Trump forcing Republican Party to attack itself
Upvote to watch everyone that speech was AMAZEBALLLLLS!!!! Trump Florida Speech (10/13/2016)
AP twists election fraud concerns into "Trump again questions integrity of voting system"
Muslim Cleric Says He Wants Sharia Law in America
Karl Rove-Backed PAC Warms To Trump
Targets of Trump's attacks fight back in D.C.; Companies know they can't afford to ignore the front-runner anymore
GOP panelists eager to scrap rule that helps Trump
Whistleblower Edward Snowden claims Belgian spies could have stopped Brussels attacks
Is the left turning on its darling, Bernie Sanders?
(Serious) How did Obama screw up our country?
Encourage John Kasich to drop out of the race. He can't win and is only causing trouble for the democratic process.
Report: Secret Service Says Michelle Fields Touched Trump Before Lewandowski Intervened
Marco Rubio Never Had A Base
Lindsey Graham: Brokered Convention Would Be Unfair To Trump [AUDIO
GOP-led Congress REJECTED Obama's veto and handed him his first veto override
Republicans On Capitol Hill Gain Confidence In Trump
80 Percent Captured at Border Set Free in U.S.
Trump's secret weapon is Ivanka
House Republicans call for postcard-simple tax returns
Watch "You Can't Stump the Trump Volume XXVII (You Can't Barrage the Farage)" on YouTube
Donald Trump Rally in Lynden, WA (5-7-16)
You Scared Now? BLM protesters surround and mock officers on roof of precinct building
FLASHBACK: Reagan rushed off stage by Secret Service after protester charged...
The side of Donald Trump many people leave out.
Rand Paul's list of over $1,000,000,000 wasted by the government
Watch: New Bombshell video just released by James O'Keefe on Mass Voter Fraud
Trump demands Obama promise not to pardon Clinton
Hillary lets children ask her questions - for $2,700 apiece!
Donald Trump to visit church, do TV interview in Detroit
FBI recommends no charges to be filed against Clinton
Obamas last act is to force suburbs to be less white and less wealthy
CHARLES HURT: Ted Cruz fails to heed own advice, get out of race he can't win
George Mason law school to be renamed the Antonin Scalia School of Law
Obama Privately Tells Donors That Time Is Coming to Unite Behind Hillary Clinton
Breitbart analyzes video, suggests Trump campaign manager not behind incident
List of countries destroyed by Hillary Clinton
Hillary Conspiracy Theories Swirl After First Presidential Debate
Clinton: "USA Should Use Military to stop Chinese and Russian Cyber-attacks"
Sen. Tom Cotton: the Clinton Foundation's decision to cease accepting foreign donations if Hillary Clinton becomes president creates a "fire sale" for "dictators and shady oligarchs."
'Clinton Cash: A Graphic Novel' to Debut #1 on the New York Times Graphic Novel Bestsellers List
Pete Hegseth: Mark My Words  Hillary Might Be Worse Than Obama
Trump: Cruz, Kasich must endorse or no convention slot
Ian McEwan Notes That 2 + 2 = 4  Horrified, the LGBT Orwellians Make Him Take It Back
Trump, Cruz Delegates in TN Join Forces Again to Stop GOP Establishment
Democrats who cried wolf on Mitt Romney have nowhere to go on Donald Trump - Hot Air
Trump on immigration: No amnesty, no pivot
How The Left Is Weaponizing The American Legal System
With Trump Their Nominee, Republicans Make Case for Him Over Clinton
GOP Platform: Build the Wall!
I am a Mexican male currently writing a book on Republicanism, and yes I am a Republican.
The felon vote: Will the restoration of felons voting rights in Virginia help the Democrats?
Camille Paglia: This is why Trumps winning, and why I wont vote for Hillary
Turnout, terror, and tactics favor Trump against Clinton
Trump to Work Closely, Directly with National Border Patrol Council to Set U.S. Border Policy
Cruz pushed for doubling of immigrants, including Muslims, to 1.67M PER YEAR
The Bully Party
Hilary's new surrogate is a criminal back in Venezuela.
Clinton campaign responds to reports that Gennifer Flowers may attend the debate as Trump's guest
New Vice-Chair of DNC has corruption issues too!
Sources Say Trump Wants To Nominate A Democrat For His VP
Hillary Clinton: My record as Secretary of State proves I take classified material seriously
Donald Trump Rally in Terre Haute, IN (5-1-16)
Sorry Gov. Kasich, Electability Is Bunk
Obama Claims Power to Make Illegal Immigrants Eligible for Social Security, Disability
Trump : New Trade Deals Will Eliminate $19 Trillion US Debt in 8 years
Anti-Trump Protesters In Utah Clash With Police
Trump adviser threatens to leave GOP 'forever'
Newt Gingrich: If Trump Wins Big in Florida, They Won't Be Able to Stop Him
Republicans sue State Department for Clinton emails
Obama and media eerily silent on monumental Mideast catastrophe
Poll: GOP senators lead in 3 battleground states; Pennsylvania race tied
FBI files linking Hillary Clinton to the 'suicide' of White House counsel have vanished
Senate Democrats block GOP's Zika funding bill after Dem's immigration policy imported the problem.
Europe censoring internet? Inside the new EU 'hate speech' rules that Facebook & Twitter just agreed to
Watch "Volume 23 WORLD PREMIER TRAILER" on YouTube
Refugee thinks she should return to Syria unless their "living conditions improve" lolol
Rubio suspends presidential campaign
Trump: Sanders is responsible for violence
Conservatives align with Black Lives Matter in rush to find blame for Chicago protests
Watch "You Can't Stump the Trump Volume Volume XXIX (Total War)" on YouTube
Protester Interrupts Bill Clinton With A 'Bill Is A Rapist' Sign
Rudy Giuliani: Hillary Clinton 'too stupid to be President'
Trump honors 'truly great American patriot' Phyllis Schlafly
Hillarys First Press Conference in 278 days! Disastrous  Trump
Patriots Must Carry Trump Across The Finish Line - As a black American, it is insulting hearing Hillary pander and talk down to black audiences. Using her best colored people accent, Hillary spouted, I don't feel no ways tired.
Finally a Republican (Other Than Me) Tells the Truth About Hillary Clinton - The Rush Limbaugh Show
After the Islamist attacks in Florida by Omar Mateen Seddique, an Afghani American Muslim citizen born in New York. Will Cooper admit Anchor babies, Jihad babies, once thought unique to Europe... are a real thing. (TerrorAttack kills 50 people many fighting for lives in worst attack since 911)
Ryan: Trump 'comfortable' with my vision for GOP
Cruz: Kasich may be "auditioning" for Trump's VP role
Poland moves to ban Abortion
Trump to campaign in Paul Ryan's backyard
Why its time for a Trump revolution
HILLARY ALLIES will enlist Muslims, Hispanics and gays to paint Trump as divisive  TEAM TRUMP vows to punch back much harder
Donald Trump Inches out Ted Cruz in Missouri
LATEST: DELEGATE COUNT...
White House knocks GOP leaders for not standing up to Trump
Trump: I want a 'Knockout' in Ohio and Florida
Were getting brigaded
Republican Defeatism About Trump Not Warranted By Current Polling
This guy was Romney's senior strategist. What do you think of him now?
Donald Trump rails against Carrier during rally at Indiana State Fairgrounds
Newt Gingrich Is Bullish on Donald Trump
EXCLUSIVE: Belgian Intelligence Had Precise Warning That Airport Targeted for Bombing
Watch "You Can't Stump the Trump Volume XXI (The Ides Of Marco)" on YouTube
Ryan Frazier On Soldiers Being Taught about White Privilege In The Army
SNL Trump Impersonator: 'He's Most Positive Person I Have Ever Seen'...
"Sen. Rand Paul is the only candidate who continues to engage communities outside of the GOP's comfort zone.."
Fears of violent left-wing riots mount as Republican convention nears
Donald Trump Rally in Tampa, FL (6-11-16)
What We Will Lose if Hillary Clinton Wins
Donald Trump Rally in Spokane, WA (5-7-16)
Watch "You Can't Stump the Trump Volume XXIII (The Madman Rises)" on YouTube
This Day in History... Republicans Pass Anti-KKK Act - Outlawing Democratic Terrorist Groups
Economic models predict GOP White House, even with Trump
Liz Mair: People Can Blame Me for Incendiary Melania Ad The Fact Is it Worked
Trump Calls Geneva Conventions 'The Problem'
Trump, Cruz, Kasich ALL Back Down From RNC Pledge To Support Republican Candidate Regardless Of Who It Is
Trump goes after ex-Breitbart reporter: 'Can I press charges?'
Assessing Trumps Path to 1,237: A look at the remaining contests shows how he could get there
Anti-Trump Groups Threaten 'Largest Civil Disobedience Action of the Century'
Full Republican Debate in Detroit, Michigan (3-3-2016)
TRUMP 2016 - The Road To The White House
Nigel Farage's rebellion 1993-2016
Latinos Rally for Trump in 'Operation Taco Bowl'
Milton Friedman - Capitalism vs Communism
Trump, in speech, attacks Clinton as 'world-class liar'
Clinton suggests Trump wants to become a dictator
Cruz rules out third-party bid
Bryan Adams cancels Mississippi concert over new anti-gay law after playing Egypt last month
The higher education bubble
Trump Issues Scathing Statement About Loss In WI
Pro-Kasich super PAC hits 'Lyin' Ted'
Krauthammer: Fight Is Over, Anti-Establishment Has Won
Suspicious Letter Containing White Powder Sent to Donald Trump's Son
Spokesman: RNC would support Trump '100 percent'
Donald Trumps Path To Nomination
VIDEO UNEARTHED=> Pastor Calls for Execution of Gays  Then Introduces Ted Cruz at Conference
Carson: GOP establishment tactics are 'disgusting and despicable'
A Devil's Advocate Question
Donald Trump Full Interview with Jamiel Shaw Sr. on Jamiel's Law Show (3-2-16)
On top of one distortion, another one! NEWSBUSTERS: Spinning That Mexican Thing on Univision and Telemundo
Hillary Clinton is a ____: The Internet Speaks (and they aren't very polite)
Soldier beheaded by mob during Turkish coup. Islamo Mob Rule, Surrendered unarmed soldier was beheaded by an Islamist gang of alleged Erdogan supporters during the failed coup.
Man Dressed as Woman Caught Taking Pictures of Actual Woman in Target Dressing Room
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton Now Tied in Polls
Eloquent and simple Op Ed by Jeff Sessions on Trump's conservatism
Gay Group More Powerful than the NRA, Warns North Carolina Governor
Ann Coulter: Moonies for Cruz
Ted Cruz rejects mistress sex scandal report as 'complete and utter lies' from Trump 'henchmen'
Video: Bill Clinton slams awful legacy of last 8 years
Trump on Romney: 'Are you sure he's a Mormon?'
Kremlin Says Trump's Video 'Demonises' Russia
We choose the nominee, not the voters: Senior GOP official
Top conservatives gather to plot third-party run against Trump
Clinton: 'We didn't lose a single person' in Libya
Trump blames Sanders supporters for Chicago unrest; protester tries to rush stage
Trump was right, US presidents can ban entire classes of immigrants: The Law is federal code 1182, sec. f:
Bill Clinton Mocks "The Coal People" who oppose Hillary Clinton (BEST VERSION)
Rubio on the attack: campaign to use Clinton negatives against FL Senate race opponent
Donald Trump Rally in Raleigh, NC (7-5-16)
Judge Orders Cleveland Mississippi to desegregate Schools
Donald Trump Wins: The Realignment is Here
Donald Trump Rally in South Bend, IN (5-2-16)
7 times, the delegate leader wasn't the one who got GOP nomination for president, John Kasich says-"Republicans have had 10 conventions in which no candidate had won a majority of delegates, Kasich said, and "only three out of 10 times was the front runner selected"
New York Post endorses Donald Trump
I'm in a very liberal area, and after working with several congressional hopefuls I've noticed a common theme: "All donors see us as a worthless investment since the area is so left leaning, so we can't really compete at all." How can one gain a foothold in these areas?
Obama: I 'Guarantee' Justice Dept. Wont Protect Hillary
Is Paul Ryan throwing his hat in the ring?
Trump To Kasich: You're Taking My Votes
Secret Service Officer Codie Hughes has saved three people from death in the past 18 months
Meet South Carolinas Anti-Trump Double Agents
Get back in your box Negro: A series highlighting intellectuals attack on conservative minorities
Women loves Donald Trump
Clinton to use AIPAC speech to bash Trump
Donald Trump to speak in Salt Lake City Friday; protest planned ahead of event
Hillary: Foreign Leaders Asking to Endorse Me to Stop Trump
Hillary Clinton Kicks Out Interviewer Who Called Her 'Monica'
Don Rickles Roast Ronald Reagan
Why I Changed My Mind and Joined the #NeverTrump Movement
Here you can trump Donald all weekend.
Why This Libertarian Supports Trump
Senator Scott (Republican, South Carolina) Shares Personal Experiences with Law Enforcement Officers as Black Man on Senate Floor
Hillary pals around with Elie Wiesel-hating Blumenthal but hey, Trump tweeted a star
Do What Is Right, Not What Is Easy
In 2008 Obama campaign booted 3 newspapers off his campaign plane
Dartmouth Double Standard
Kasich Defends Advice to Female Student to Avoid 'Parties Where There's a Lot of Alcohol'--Kasich denied that, and said alcohol "obscures the ability of people to seek justice" after an attack. "That has nothing to do with saying that somebody who has been a victim is somehow responsible,"
Rand Paul will back Trump if he is nominee
Ben Carson Predicts Republican Armageddon...and He's Right! | Under the Red Sun
Police Report: 90 More Suicide Bombers Ready to Explode in Europe
PAPER: FBI BOSS 'INCREASINGLY CERTAIN' HILLARY BROKE LAW...
Marine Death From Islamic State Attack a First for U.S. in Iraq
LIVE: TRUMP NORTH CAROLINA RALLY
Five years in prison for Miami VA nurse who falsified medical record, leading to veteran's death
Donald Trumps First Amendment Getting Shut Down
Source: Clinton IT specialist revealing server details to FBI, 'devastating witness'
RNC chair says he's taken steps to make Thursday's GOP debate 'more of a G-rated debate this time'
I welcome this new HIGH ENERGY change.
Jeb Bush To Meet With Marco Rubio, John Kasich And Ted Cruz | MSNBC
Top Arab-American city backs Trump, Sanders...
Poll: Trump dominating Rubio in Florida, Kasich in Ohio
Hillary Clinton demands answers and Democrats call foul as FBI reopens email investigation over file
Brexit must be upheld!
5 EU lies proven wrong
Like Trump, Right Should Speak To Forgotten Fishtowns
Alton Sterling, Philando Castile, and the Supposed War on Blacks
Poll: Voters Trust Donald Trump to Keep America Safe; Favor Muslim Ban
Waiting for California and the FBI
Should Cruzers and Movement Conservatives Support Trump?
Senate Appropriations Bill Spends More Than Obama Requested But Trump Is Not A True Conservative!
ATTENTION ALL REDDITORS
This is why America needs Trump and his supporters
Stephen Miller: Only Way Ted Cruz Can Win Is By Nullifying Ballots That Have Already Been Cast
Despite streak, Cruz still headed for convention clash with Trump
The New GOP Establishment Playbook: Scorch the Earth
Obama takes two Air Force Ones to Argentina for sightseeing...
Wake up, Cruz and Kasich  the GOP convention will never nominate you
Join the GOP! Help us Win ModelUSGov and STOP the BERNIEBROS!
Bill Clinton Trashes Obama: 'Awful Legacy of the Last Eight Years'
Donald Trump predicts 'riots' if GOP convention picks alternate nominee
LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Bloomington, IL (3-13-16)
Trump Chicago Rally Postponed Amid Scenes Of Chaos Trump postpones Chicago rally amid chaos
Nearly 12 million watch GOP primary debate on CNN
Gov. Walker signs bill creating teacher license based on experience
Folks Before Kochs
Rand Paul poised to stage massive upset in Iowa
A London-based company, Smartmatic International, is providing voting machines for 16 states, and its chairman, Lord Mark Malloch-Brown, is tied to George Soros, a billionaire and political activist with deep ties to Hillary Clinton
Watch as he talks about how Hillary Clinton has done everything in her power to silence him and his mother, and to make sure he never meets his father. Lets EXPOSE HER!
Voter Fraud is real, and here is how they do it.
Improper Recycling Could Land You in Jail: How Overcriminalization Threatens Everyone
Hillary done goofed herself
Member of Bush Family Endorses Gary Johnson
Sally Kohn: Stop blaming Black Lives Matter the way I blame pro-lifers - Hot Air
Rumble: Whos Paul Ryan kidding w/his poverty program?
Donald Trump & Chris Christie in Lawrenceville, NJ (5-19-16)
Donald Trump Rally in Omaha, NE (5-6-16)
Jose: My Vote's For Donald
Democracies end when they are too democratic. And right now, America is a breeding ground for tyranny.
Prince was a conservative republican
Does anyone feel Democrats puts Republican in a no win scenario on diversity?
Bathroom Bill Is Not Hateful Bigotry
Kasich Says An Open Convention Would Be 'So Cool'
Something is Going On (#CallBrussels)
Lindsey Graham, who endorsed Cruz, says Kasich would be best president
PAUL RYAN LAYS IT ON THE LINE: The new speaker makes clear in a speech he's disturbed by the state of the GOP and American politics.
SHOCK VIDEO: Protester beheads Trump effigy hanging from noose
VA Whistleblowers Accuse Duckworth of Ignoring Veteran Abuse, Corruption. The whistleblowers claim the congresswoman did little to deal with their claims of mistreatment, abuse and corruption
A Texas Candidate Pushes the Boundary of the Far Right
Rubio Repeats Himself 4x In Epic Debate Fiasco - uncut
Limbaugh: Democrats ruined the presidency long before Trump
Poll: Kasich leads Trump in Ohio
Republicans will miss Rand Pauls voice in the presidential race
First-in-the-Nation Presidential Town Hall, Rand Paul
Trump to supporters in Waukesha: I will fight for you harder than anyone has ever fought for you before
Latest fed reports show Democratic donors step up efforts on Senate, Clinton bids
Judge Jeanine - Bill & Hillary Clinton 'The Bonnie and Clyde" of American Politics
4 Highlights From RNC
You Can't Be For And Against Trump
Sen. Tom Cotton really, really, really doesnt like Harry Reid
#NeverTrump Derangement Syndrome Personified
My Take on How Donald Trump, and ONLY DONALD TRUMP, Can and Will Win Against Hillary in 2016
Bobby Knight to campaign with Trump
S.F. Chronicle Columnist Hopes for Rush Limbaughs Death
Watch: College Kids Can't Explain Why a Short White Man Isn't a Tall Asian Woman
University of Toronto learns why mandatory unisex bathrooms are a bad idea
Why on earth are "anti trump" websites blocked?
Former Mexican president goes on anti-Trump tweetstorm
Watch "TWO DELETED SCENES (Volume 23 Remnants)" on YouTube
Ryan On GOP Nomination Talk: Get My Name Out Of That
Lost Emails Show Hillary Clinton Used Server Earlier Than Admitted, Has Not Turned Over All Emails
The Trump Train Rolls Forward
Secret Service manpower shortage as campaigns ramp up
LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Super Tuesday Press Conference from Palm Beach, FL (3-15-16)
Apopka polling places run out of Republican ballots
ICE: 124 illegal immigrants freed from jail later charged in 138 murder cases
Politics Trump has lit a fire. Can it be contained?
Lindsey Graham Concedes: If Rubio Loses Florida, GOP Establishment Will Have to Rally Around Ted Cruz | Video
Paul Ryan blasts Trump's Muslim ban: 'This is not conservatism'
Bobby Jindal drops out of race.
Rand Paul: Marco Rubio is proposing a new $1 trillion "welfare program" in tax credits and "$1 trillion in new military spending." Politifact: Mostly True : StandwithRand
States unprepared for Election Day cyber attack.A POLITICO survey of battleground state election officials paints a troubling picture.
Trump: I'm Going To Figure Out What "Sinister Deal" Paul Ryan Made With The Establishment
Changes in #BLM could hinder Obama's ambitions.
A lone hacker calling him or herself Guccifer 2.0 has claimed responsibility for hacking the Democratic National Convention and says claims the Russian government perpetrated the attack are false. The hacker also says the DNC lied aboutor didnt know the extent ofwhat was stolen.
10 ways democrats are like Nazis
GOP Congressman admits medical pot use, says its working
Dead heat: Trump, Clinton tied in 3 swing-state polls
Facebook denies censoring conservative news
Trump says Paul Ryan's decision not to endorse 'blindsided' him
The Obama Justice Departments Insane Attack on North Carolina
The 9 worst predictions about Trump's rise to the top
Research backs Kasich's warning-"Kasichs response was blunt. He failed to attach the usual politically correct stipulation, The victim is never to blame, though he did later qualify his statement. Nevertheless, this was superb advice that has been bequeathed by countless parents as common sense."
And the Indiana winner for president is...John Kasich?-All three candidates could walk away with a share of Indiana's delegates.
Kasich gets near-$200k boost from top GOP fundraiser-"You need John Kasich in there to appeal to delegates who Ted Cruz will not appeal to, and you need Ted Cruz to appeal to delegates that John Kasich will not appeal to," she [Bobbie Kilberg
Why the Establishment Hates Trump
NEW WORLD ORDER: GOVTS FLOOD LOBBYISTS WITH TRUMP PANIC...
Islamic State threatens more attacks
WOW! VIDEO BLACK TRUMP SUPPORTER  STOMPS Anti-Trump Protester in With Confederate Sign at Tucson Rally
Dilbert Creator Scott Adams: Media Is Encouraging Violent Attacks on Donald Trump
VIDEO: NEW COUGHING FIT FOR HILLARY; CROWD CHEERS...
I made an app that plays Trump quotes. It's free.
Romney's memoirs leaked online
Got stuck behind HRC's North Carolina campaign chairman in traffic today. #WhichHillary
Hey, Canadian with a question
Gallup: Jeb Bush Only Republican Candidate With Net Unfavorable Rating
Rand Paul is a Reagan Republican
For the good of the Republican party, both Trump and Cruz must lose
Jennifer Palmieri, a communications director of Hillary Clinton, trips over herself in attempting to refute Rand Paul's accusation that Clinton acts like a 'NeoCon'
Do women actually make "77 cents on the dollar"?
Decision 2016: A Guide for Hillary &amp; Trump Voters
Group of Democrats Rise Above Partisan Politics and Raise $13K to Reopen Torched GOP Office
Some of Hillary's crimes are so abnormal we can't even describe them using current vocabulary. So here is a new word - "hirotten - to personally benefit by helping a rapist."
Donald Trump Campaign Event in Sandown, NH 10/6/16
A Site to Help Get Wedding Bells Ringing and Ringing and Ringing
Does Hillary Clinton Really Have Pneumonia?
Joe Biden cares more about the North American Treaty than Constitution
This is a video I made about Bill Clinton. Let me know what you think.
Ann Coulter - Reacts To Ted Cru'z RNC Speech (Ted Cruz Committed Politic...
Anonymous GOP donor pledges $5 million if Trump releases tax returns
Marco Rubio evasive when pressed on re-election bid
How to get classified information off an air gapped computer system by Hillary and company
Petition to indict Hillary Clinton for committing fraud against the United States.
Trump needs cash, but GOP donors not opening their wallets
The Delusions Of Dump Trump
RNC Rules Roadblock May No Longer be a Hurdle for Kasich-Rule 40b isn't final  the Convention Rules Committee will meet the week before the convention to finalize changes to the rules.
Burn the American Plantation: Supporting Trump Can Make You A Target of Violence
Almost six months into the job, Paul Ryan is struggling to advance an agenda in Congress.
Why did Kasich do better than Cruz in New York?
Vital Information Missing: The Truth about the Jamar Clark Shooting (Episode 1)
Lunatic fringe extremist CT Governor Dan Malloy bans state travel to North Carolina due to anti-LGBT legislation
The Soros 'donations' to Kasich, that never happened--Instead, monies have come in the form of personal contributions from current and former executives of some of his companies, one who has a record of donating to Republicans in the past.
The Daily Show - Senator Lindsey Graham "My party is completely screwed up"
'HUNTED' Brussels Suicide Brothers Abandoned Crime For Jihad
Poll: Kasich, Cruz voters prefer Trump as second choice
FLASHBACK: Brussels Ridiculed Idea Of Islamic Violence In Ad [VIDEO
Donald Trump plays the politician and wins cheers from pro-Israel group
TRUMP TELLS MAUREEN WHATS NEXT FOR HRC
When Trump Beats Hillary
Cruz lays out contested convention scenario
Hillary worried about turnout, bad sign for the democrats going into the general election.
Pro-reform groups slam Ryan's plans for immigration amicus brief
The American People Have Figured Out Theyve Been Screwed By Free Trade
Leadership is a Choice. Someone please tell me why we shouldn't be drafting McChrystal for President ASAP.
Rand Paul To Spend His Every Waking Hour Trying To Stop Trump
Want to save America? Read your local paper.
Democrats Admit To Inciting Violence And 'Anarchy' At Trump Rallies
Religious leaders slam Clinton campaign over emails
Honest question: "GOP - The party of family values" ?
How will tonight's debate affect voter support? Lessons from Donald Trump's slowdown on social media after the first debate
Donald Trump Delivers Remarks at Charter School in Cleveland, OH 9/8/16
Trumps Pivot on Immigration Could Place Clinton on the Defensive
Could Uncounted Trump Voters Decide the 2016 Election? Some Experts Think So.
Clintons lead over Trump shrinks to 3 percentage points: poll
Mr. Nigel Farage - Goes To Cleveland.
Donald Trump's Campaign Signals He Will Pick Mike Pence as Running Mate
'Dump Trump' RNC Delegate Leader: We 'Have The 28 Votes' To Unbind Delegates
Obamas tantrum a striking display of failed leadership
Russia 'is poised to release emails from Hillary Clinton's private server' report claims
In one sentence, can you articulate what you believe is the worst thing about the Obama presidency? (serious)
Kasich voters in Indiana consider Trump over Cruz
Democrat Harold Ford: Trump becoming more formidable - "Donald Trump will be a tough opponent between now and November,"
John Kasich targets Ted Cruz, not Donald Trump, in delegate race
Daily Mediators: Tax-funded microgression research, Soros, and Clintons turn on Black Lives Matter?
Cruz win keeps GOP race on track toward contested convention
Get back in your box Negro: A series highlighting intellectuals attack on conservative minorities (re-upload)
California Poll: Trump Leads GOP; Clinton, Sanders Close
Autonomous IS cells are 'worst nightmare' for security: experts
OBAMA ADMIN ADMITS: RELEASED GITMO PRISONERS KILLED AMERICANS...
What we feared has happened, said Belgian PM Charles Michel .... Terror attacks hit Brussels airport and metro
Exclusive: Marco Rubio rejected 'unity ticket' with Ted Cruz
John Kasich is such a nice guy isn't he? ~ From this morning's Face The Nation
Glenn Beck Channels Mormon Prophecy in Utah for Cruz: Body of the Priesthood Will Stand Up When the Constitution Hangs by a Thread
Reuters Rolling 5 Day Poll: TRUMP 49.7%, CRUZ 21.5%...
Oil industry dreads Trump-Clinton choice
How Trump Rebranded the GOP
Limbaugh: Jeb Bush could mount a convention comeback
The Left May Well Get Trump Nominated
Grieving Mom Responds To Kasich's Amnesty-In-100-Days Pledge: Visit Grave Of My Murdered Child
Latest Polls
Cruz and Kasich condemn Trump's tone, but not him
Interested in politics in action? Then join the Model Republicans today!
GOP superlawyer on contested convention rule: 'In fact, that's not a rule'
Re-imagine the current federal budget; perspective
The Republican Party is broken
Trump just won South Carolina. These charts show how huge that is.
Jeb Bush's saddest rally yet involves him begging audience members to clap
Donald Trump Is Shocking, Vulgar and Right
Rand Paul Ribs GOP Rivals in Annual 'Airing of Grievances' on Twitter
Ohio Students stand up to PC police, condemn Missouri protests
CNN Correspondent Collaborated with Hillary Clinton Team to Denigrate Rand Paul
GOP will hold the Senate in '16 - "Senate Democrats, routed in 2014, have instead doubled down on failure and thats why they will fail, and Republicans will win again in 2016."
"We were lied to by EU, not Brexit campaign!"
How to Make Conservatism Great Again
FACT CHECK: Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton's Final Presidential Debate (From an Economic Perspective)
Don't let these MPs block Brexit!
Rigging the Election - Video I: Clinton Campaign and DNC Incite Violence at Trump Rallies
A way to encourage local government
An Analysis of the Clinton-Trump debate (From an economic perspective)
Michael Ledeen: How We Can Win the Global War Against Radical Islam
Articles: Dr. Lisa Bardacks Faustian Bargain
7 [BLACK
Before Clinton Implodes, Democrats Should Turn to Joe Biden
The Truth about the Hajj (David Wood)
Senate Republicans lean on Ryan to keep majority
In the Race for Registered Voters, Republicans Are Gaining
Still in the game: Ryan challenger Nehlen starts pro-Trump super PAC
RNC races to stamp out anti-Trump rebellion
Donald Trump Speaks at Western Conservative Summit in Denver (7-1-16)
441 Syrian Refugees Admitted to the U.S. Since the Orlando Attack, Dozens to Florida
Some Republicans Discuss Anti-Trump Convention Coup
Obamacare Premiums In California May Rise 8 Percent Next Year, State Predicts
Megyn Kelly teases Donald Trump interview
6 Dumb Myths Cracked Belives About Immigration
Rebuttal to Glenn Beck's Tirade
Donald Trump Rally in Carmel, IN (5-2-16)
Truth about slavery: segment from Thomas Sowell's Black Rednecks And White Liberals
Progressive Tolerance is a One-Way Street | UTRS
Eagles' Joe Walsh drops out of GOP convention show
Cruz: Contested convention could 'fracture' GOP
Manafort vows Trump will protest Missouri, Colorado results
A State-By-State Roadmap For The Rest Of The Republican Primary
Who is Ted Cruz?
How Ted Cruz gets fucked, hint: its not by Trump
Hillary Says Babies Are People But Dont Have Rights
Internet Hacker Group Anonymous Makes Big Announcement About Cruz. This Is Bad ... For Lyin' Ted!
Trump: Tweeting picture of Heidi Cruz was a 'mistake'
ACLU, Other Critics Sue North Carolina Over Transgender Bathroom Law
Can anyone articulate why the authoritarian left seems to love Islam so much?
Insiders To Trump: No Majority, No Nomination
Poll: 6-in-10 Republicans say no majority of delegates needed for nomination
Intel chairman: Brussels attacks appeared to target Americans
Young Muslims in the West Are a Ticking Time Bomb, Increasingly Sympathising with Radicals, Terror
COMEDY CENTRAL Host Shocked by Black Trump Supporters...
Obama's former deputy CIA director: The terrorists are winning
Donald Trump flawed? On every front, Washington is worse
Fox News and Michelle Fields 'mutually agree' to reevaluate weekly 'Cashin' In' appearances after Trump dispute
The Economist rates Trump presidency among its top 10 global risks
DNC chief: Trump is not a fringe candidate
The GOPs Mounting Trump Panic, in One Super PAC Spending Chart
National Review Doubles Down: 'Important to Say' White Working Class Communities 'Deserve to Die'
Drudge knows which way the wind is blowing, glad to see them not dog pilling on the front runner.
Insiders: Trump Will Sweep All But Ohio
Trump dumps Illinois campaign director
Trump will 'look in to' paying legal bills for man who punched protester
Trump Campaign Denies Reporter Incident, Breitbart Suspends Another Reporter
Iowa Straw Poll results released
Ted Cruz Failed to Report a Second Campaign Loan in 2012 [from another Bank
Big-name legal scholars are giving validation to Donald Trump's attack against Ted Cruz
GOP presidential candidate Ben Carson threatens to leave Republican Party
Trump spokeswoman Katrina Pierson: Media can no longer report Trump wont release his tax returns
Dear Social Justice Warriors: Your Religion Is Progressivism, Not Judaism
1 in 10 Americans under the age of 18, rely on checks from Social Security.
Nancy Pelosi Refuses To Support DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz
Newly leaked Guccifer Documents reveal dem's playbook. repost from /r/sanders
Sen. Dan Sullivan: Obama Lowering Expectations for Economy
Cruz and Kasich devise strategy to keep Trump from clinching three primary states
Full interview: John Kasich, April 24 | [0:22
Survey on participation and views in the 2016 presidential primaries
Anyone else recognizing a pattern here?
NY voters get their turn Tuesday- On the GOP side, most projections indicate Trump stands the best chance of winning New York, followed by Kasich and Cruz.
How About a Favor?
Latest Monmouth university poll. Asked if X candidate was the nominee how likely are GOP voters to vote for X candidate (trump: 70%, Cruz 66%, Kasich 81%)
Hillary Clinton Has Had Enough Of Bernie Sanders
Trump Is Right To Propose NATO Reassessment
Tax question
It Was Riotous: An Oral History of the GOPs Last Open Convention
Trump Needs to Pivot to the General Election Now
A quote on the origins of "Trickle Down Economics" and Tax Cuts by Thomas Sowell. A must read I might add!
As of now, what is the Republican party?
Border Patrol Union Chief Says Arrests Of Afghans And Pakistanis Have Skyrocketed This Year
TURKEY DEPORTED BRUSSELS BOMBER LAST YEAR!
Trump: Jeb endorsement hurts Cruz
2016 Delegate Count and Primary Results
Belgian police catch Brussels bomb suspect Najim Laachraoui
Trump calls for tough U.S. border security after Brussels attacks
Trump says U.S. should toughen up fight against Islamist militants
Donald Trump's Key Foreign Policy Adviser, Joseph E. Schmitz, Was Forced Out of the Pentagon
The Republican Party Must Answer for What It Did to Kansas and Louisiana
BORDER BATTLE: TX AGENTS NOW LOOKING FOR TERRORISTS...
Bernie Sanders to Sheriff Arpaio: 'Watch out, Joe'
A Trump / Cruz 2016 Ticket ?
Ryan admonishes Trump for 'Riot' remark
Super Tuesday 3 exit polls: Republicans Feel Betrayed by Party...
Marco Rubio's DC Campaign Office Evacuated Due to Suspicious White Powder
Rep. Renee Ellmers says she voted for Trump
Democrats Love Free Stuff and This Should Worry Taxpayers | ZoNation
Putin orders withdrawal of Russian troops from Syria
GOP licks its chops as Clinton moves to the left
Pat Caddell: When Trump Finds Out Kasich Voted for NAFTA, Kasich Will Lose Ohio
Trumps Lead Grows with Jeb Out of the Race
Full Republican Debate in South Carolina (Feb 13, 2016)
GOP Debate: Rand Paul Makes Main Debate Stage For Iowa Debate
GOP, Don't Lose Out On The Energy Revolution
Donald Trump Finally Gets The Media To Pan The Crowd | 12-22-2015
Donald Trump: Jeb Bush 'dumb as a rock'
Supporters Of Trump - Who was the last Republican you supported and why?
David Vitter, dead man walking: Louisianas most feared Republican is now its most loathed  and hes going to lose
DNC Schemes to Bully Women at Trump Rally
Giuliani on Trump groping allegations: 'I believe Donald Trump'
Donald Trump Rally in Portsmouth, NH 10/15/16
Two left wing idiots!
Clinton Unveils Contemptuous Plan for Basement-Dwelling Millennials
See, Share, Enjoy!
Influence of Muslim-American Voters May Far Exceed Their Numbers
Soros Aims to Enlarge Electorate by 10 Million Voters by 2018
Why Paul Ryan cant protect the GOP brand from Trump
President Obama: 'I Am Worried About the Republican Party'
Trump decides he won't debate Bernie Sanders
Donald Trump Rally in Charleston, WV (5-5-16)
John Kasich Suspends Presidential Campaign- full speech
Conservative House Members Meet to Discuss Strategy for Combating Paul Ryan
Fight Over Delegate Rules Escalates for Both Parties
Buzzfeed Rebuttal: 27 Racist Questions... Answered (by a black man) | The Mediators
Your Brain on Cultural Marxism
Cruz, Trump, Kasich scrounge for GOP convention delegates
Daily Mediators: Bernie apologizes for slavery, more college sjws, and Black-on-Black crime a myth?
Former Texas GOP chair hired by RNC to prep for contested convention by explaining the rules and combating misinformation
Giuliani To Meet With Ted Cruz
Meet the Liberal Elite!
An Establishment Conservative's Guide To The Alt-Right [Yiannopoulos & Bokhari
NY Gov. Cuomo Bans Official Travel to NC Because They Have Men's and Women's Restrooms
Guess what, Hillary: Waterboarding works
Trump spokeswoman: There was no attack on Heidi Cruz
Giuliani: Hillary Clinton helped found the Islamic State
Judge Napolitano Asks 'the $64,000 Question' After Brussels Terror Attack
Brussels Attacks: Suicide Bombers Were Brothers
Disinterest and apathy are crushing it in the US elections right now
Roger Stone Predicts GOP Will Create New, Noxious Rules at Convention to Steal Nomination from Donald Trump
Stop Trump Movement Gets Boost From Mexico's Efforts in U.S.
The Lefts Plan to Cut Loose a Million Prisoners
How to cope with anxiety caused by Donald Trump: experts lend advice
Trump says he will skip Monday's Fox News debate
Conservatives oppose House GOP's $1.07 trillion budget
Donald Trumps rise sparks alarm in Japan
Cruz finds new allies in establishment he rails against...
Michelle Malkin Takes On Drudge For Cheap Tabloid Shot At Christians, Cruz [VIDEO
GOP SEN: PANICKED ESTABLISHMENT LOSING CONTROL
How An Obscure Committee Could Decide The GOP Nomination
Rubio's campaign tells Ohio supporters to vote for Kasich
5 things to watch in tonight's GOP debate
CNN&apos;s Jake Tapper set to referee the Republicans&apos; final four in Miami
Anti-Trump Group To Pour Money Into Later Primary States
Ted Cruz's tax plan
Rubio Slams Trumps Earpiece Excuse: Ku Klux Klan Comes Through Pretty Clearly
The Republican Party can have Donald Trump or it can have a future but it cannot have both.
The G.O.P. Created Donald Trump
With Rand Paul gone, which candidate will ask the tough questions?
Will Rand Paul surprise in Iowa?
Republican State of Union Response Carried Amnesty Pledge in Spanish Version
If the GOP wants to know why it lost the Reagan Democrats, it is because the GOP exported their jobs to Mexico and China.
Republicans Attack Marco Rubios High Heels
Will the GOP Mount a Third-Party Challenge to Trump?
Fox News Poll: Trump jumps, Cruz climbs, Carson sinks in GOP race
Does anyone have a link to a video of the debate tonight?
Ben Carson blasts RNC, threatens to leave Republican Party
AP Poll: Republicans wary of immigration from Middle East
When Exactly Is Marco Rubio Supposed to Start Winning Primaries?
Study: Average American Can Stand Four Seconds of Ted Cruz - The New Yorker
Trump FP Advisor Walid Phares: A New U.S. Response to Upheaval in the Middle East
Here's A List Of The 17 Most Damaging WikiLeaks Emails Released So Far
Trump: "Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning @NCGOP"
88 US Generals Stand Together Against Hillary Clinton In One Massive Act Of Defiance
Last PMQs before Brexit - it's ridiculous!
This former fat kid is now a billionaire heir playboy on the NYC party scene: Alex Soros
Judge Jeanine Pirro - And The Notorious R.B.G (Ruth Bader Ginsburg)
New Book Examines 'Left-Wing Scare Tactics' | Morning Joe | MSNBC
Top 28 Hillary Clinton Political Cartoons from this Year
Donald Trump Rally in Las Vegas, NV (6-18-16)
Donald Trump does not have a campaign
Theres No Way Hillary Is More Conservative Than Trump
Republican state senator from Iowa becomes first elected official to boycott GOP over Donald Trump
The GOPs Mexico Derangement
Prediction About Trump's Natural Advantage Over Clinton
Paul Ryan's bipartisan deal to restructure Puerto Rico Debt
Judge rules for House GOP in ObamaCare suit. [administration does not have the power to spend money on "cost sharing reduction payments" to insurers without an appropriation from Congress.
SEC And Chuck Grassley Still Trying To Stop Email Privacy Act That Got UNANIMOUS Support In The House
With Donald Trump in Charge, Republicans Have a Day of Reckoning
Cruz: Net Neutrality is Obamacare for the Internet.
UPDATE: Rubio taken WAAAAY out of context!  The Right Scoop
Cruz to name Fiorina as VP running mate
Ted Cruz, John Kasich join forces to stop Donald Trump | America's Vote
Bernie Sanders on Racial Justice - Addressing Physical Violence (2) | The Mediators
Should Cruz pick his VP this week?
Donald Trump Rally in Warwick, RI (4-25-16)
Koch brothers won't go to Republican National Convention
VIDEO: Audience Gives Cruz Cold Shoulder At NY Gala ...
Trump lawyer: I can't vote for Trump because I'm a registered Dem
A State-By-State Roadmap For The Rest Of The Republican Primary
After losing Colorado delegates to Cruz, Trump accuses GOP of corruption, calls the primary system "rigged"
GAO: US national debt approaching 100% of GDP; Unmanageable and Unsustainable
Fox News projects: Cruz wins Wisconsin GOP primary
Ann Coulter on The John Gambling Show (3/31/2016)
Delegates ready to flee Trump at contested convention
Cruz talks up an RNC rule that would keep Kasich out of the convention
Secret Service: No guns inside GOP convention
Quotes from Calvin Coolidge: Persistence
With Trump Lurking, The Feds Rate Hikes Become Unlikely --- Fed Keeping Rate Low For Hillary!
Lindsey Graham's 5 Stages of Primary Grief Over DONALD TRUMP - (VIDEO)
Clinton hits at DANGEROUS Brussels response by Trump and Cruz
Arizona AG Brnovich: There Has Been Huge Spike In Money Transfers on Border to Middle East
Europes Fear Of Islamophobia Led Directly To The Belgium Attacks
Terrorist Hunted Through Brussels ... Yesterday!
Trumps foreign policy views: A sharp departure from GOP orthodoxy
Utahs Online Caucus Gives Security Experts Heart Attacks: Its a particularly bad idea. Its a near unanimous opinion.
Border Agents: DHS Has No Intention Of Deporting Illegals
Landlord Refuses To Rent Apartments To Anyone Who Supports Trump...
RNC Chair 'Not 100%' on Trump, Cruz, or Kasich Taking Nomination
What If Hillary Was Forced Out? ....The Chaos Scenario For Democrats
Thousands Rally At Anti-Trump Protest In Manhattan
Latino, Immigrant Activists to Protest All Trump Arizona Events
Endangered House Republicans: Trump who?
Rubios Exit Leaves Trump With an Open Path to 1,237 Delegates
#NeverTrump Just Blew Its Best Chance To Stop Trump
McConnell: Garland will not be considered by the Senate
Results Show How Donald Trump Can Win Majority of Delegates
Florida county election official dismisses allegation that Trump missing from some ballots
Rubio vows to stay in even if he loses Florida
ACU Chairman: Losing Florida 'Could Destroy' Marco Rubio's Political Career
Koch donors divided over failure to stop Donald Trump
Romney: Kasich has the kind of record that you want in Washington
Ryan will back Trump if he's the nominee, despite criticism
VIDEO: Hillary staffer struggles to fire up unenthusiastic fans
DEMS QUESTION SECRET SERVICES 'MONITORING' OF THREATS INVOLVING TRUMP EVENTS
Hillarys Other Server Scandal
'TED IS THE ANOINTED ONE' HOLY GHOST VIDEO REVEALED DAD SPEAKING IN TONGUES SUPPORTERS 'LAY HANDS' ON CRUZ AT RALLY
Donald Trump & Super Tuesday: An Open Letter to Voters
Trump backing from Christie opens access to donors, mainstream advisers
A question about the Supreme Court appointment from a Democrat.
Rubio glitches again, this time while condemning U.S. culture
I don't understand Ted Cruz's popularity....
Pro-Jeb Bush super PAC drops $12 million on ad blitz
Rand Paul, "I'll fight Obama's Executive Orders Tooth and Nail!"
New video exposes disturbing practices on independent American political Facebook pages, both right (2:24) and left (5:30)
Can someone explain to me why republicans say they are for smaller government and less government oversight but consistently vote for more government and laws when it comes to civil liberties such as drugs and abortion DEA is huge.
"68% of Trumps supporters would vote for him if he bolts the GOP"
Republicans Rail Against Obamas Prime-Time Speech
Dems blame GOP, Ryan, 'aiding, abetting terrorists' by rejecting gun control
Republican 2016 Presidential Polls: Donald Trump, Ben Carson Both Suffer Huge Slides in Latest Reuters Survey
State Dept Memo Proves George W. Bush Was Right After All
Obama: ISIS Is Not Getting 'Stronger,' We Have 'Contained' Them
Wash. Post: Unhappy Establishment Republicans Want To Draft Romney
NYC GOP Debate Party: Straw Poll to be Conducted on New "Blockchain Voting Technology" at Metropolitan Republican Club (x-post /r/bitcoin)
Jeb Bush plummets in latest national poll. Trump and Carson continue to lead the GOP field.
The Citizens United "Scare. Who Really Benefits? So Far, Democrats Mainly.
Hillary Clintons Tax Plan Would Increase Taxes by $1.4 Trillion Over the Next Decade
Theresa May Brexit hero
Colin Kaepernick's Great Service to America
Sen. Tom Cotton: U.S. has 'under-incarceration problem'
GOP platform touches on dozens of policy points
Statement By Dave Miller - Candidate CA Assembly District 11- In Response To The Attacks In Dallas.
ISIS Newest Propaganda Video: Praising Orlando Jihadist Omar Mateen  RepublicaNation News
Obama Admin. On Pace to Issue One Million Green Cards to Migrants from Majority-Muslim Countries
Hillary raises money off Orlando terrorist attack
DHS thinks 'right-wing extremists' pose as big a threat as Islamic terrorists
Milo Has Been Suspended From Twitter
Top Republicans join Obama in condemning Trumps words
Obama, Clinton Say 'Disarm' ... While Failing To Protect
The desperate and hysterical last gasp of the Cruz campaign. Thank god he is not our nominee.
Missouri Republicans Want To Cut Mizzous Budget To Punish Peaceful Protesters
April 25, 1976- Cubs player Rick Monday stumps protestors trying to burn an American flag during a baseball game
Democrat "Party Switch" Myth Debunked
Bernie Sanders on Racial Justice - Physical Violence | The Mediators
How New York Values Trump
Ted Cruz on CNBC's Squawkbox | April 15, 2016
Team Cruz works to draw Texas delegates -- GOP nomination may depend on personal loyalties at a contested convention
Generation Identity
Breaking News: Bruce Springsteen Is A Jerk
Campaign Ad? Paul Ryan Video Raises Questions
Calvin Coolidge: Federal Intervention
Top Republicans Predict Speaker Ryan Will Be GOP Pick
North Dakota victory highlights Cruz strength in delegate game
Cruz Moves To Snatch Trump's Arizona Delegates
Vital Information Missing: The truth about the Jamar Clark shooting (preview)
2016 Delegate Count and Primary Results
How the North Dakota GOP is freezing out Trump
As Establishment Empire Strikes Back, Voters Must Unite to Stop It
Limbaugh vows to muzzle himself on Lewandowski, Fields
Is Paul Ryan Prepared to Commit Political Suicide?
Trump May Be First Since Reagan To Unleash Americas Animal Spirits
Trumpism After Trump
Obama Defends U.S. Approach to Countering Islamic State
Fox News shows empty Trump podium over Castro, Obama
2nd GOP delegate says primary votes don't matter
DISGUSTING! HUNDREDS of Anti-Trump Protesters Taunt Jews at AIPAC With Nazi Imagery
Question for Trump supporters
Schwarzenegger Walks Out of Interview Over Trump Question...
Cruz opens huge lead over Trump in Utah
Glenn Beck: Trump 'abuses' women, should grow up
$63 Million and Counting: Anti-Trump Ads Take Over the Airwaves
House Republicans pretend Trump doesn't exist
Anti-Trump forces contemplate the end
Growing chance of contested convention pushes campaigns to turn attention from voters to delegates
5 Facts You Need to Know About Obama's Supreme Court Justice nominee, Merrick Garland
Kasich Vows to Continue to Convention  but Needs More than 100% of Remaining Delegates!
Trump: I consult myself on foreign policy
Trump, Cruz vow to barricade Kasich from convention
Donald Trump just hit a critical threshold for the GOP nomination  one that his opponents might not
Kasich: 'Theres no way I would team up with Donald Trump'
Kasich 'very concerned' about Trump's comments about women
Hot mic catches Hillary calling Trump Dangerous
Breitbart suffers exodus after choosing Trump over reporter
Trumps strange Monday
Say what?!?
5 numbers that will define next Tuesday's primaries
MAKE r/Republicans GREAT AGAIN
Good unbiased analysis on Trump
New Trump ad hits Rubio's Florida connections
Obama to Skip Nancy Reagan's Funeral to Attend SXSW Festival
Anyone think that Ted Cruz would be better off with a different hair part?
An Open Letter to Ted Cruz
Donald Trump Secretly Told The New York Times What He Really Thinks About Immigration #ReleaseTheTapes
Here's a bit of rhetorical ammo to feed the debate. WARNING : Witty Ad Hominem Attacks
1948 pamphlet on the origins of the GOP
Republicans will push to loosen N.J. gun possession laws
In the Final Hours, Jeb is Surrounded by Family
Folks should be showing up at every politician's campaign events this year with lifesize cutouts of the politician mocked up like an Indy Car driver with corporate logos of her major campaign and foundation contributors all over it.
Pepperidge Farm Remembers
Why Clintons feminist pitch is not working in New Hampshire
Huh? Glenn Beck Tells Iowa Crowd He Prefers Bernie Sanders Over Donald Trump
A G.O.P. Majority in New Hampshire Pipes Up: Were Not for Trump
10 Stories About Donald Trump You Won't Believe Are True
Rand Paul Republican Debate Exclusion: Recent Polls Suggest Differently, Non-Fox Media Attention, And Pauls Alternate Stage
A gay man defends his right to keep and bear firearms
Ted Cruz is not eligible to be president
Haley swipes at Trump in State of the Union response
Leftists say they're concerned for the well-being of women. But Leftists will blame the victim if the rape is inconvenient to their narrative
Republicans come up short in search for diverse voters in 2016 election
Recap of last night's Republican Debate (SAS Version)
Governor Nikki Haley blasts Donald Trump after his South Carolina visit
Republicans who support Trump. Do you think of he wins the nomination that he would actually win the presidency?
The Supreme Court on Tuesday will hear arguments in a voting rights case that has the potential to shift political power from urban areas to rural ones, a move that would provide a big boost to Republican voters in many parts of the nation.
Rubio says he wants ground forces to battle ISIS, as he rises in new poll
Why Are Republicans So Obsessed With the Gold Standard?
Republican Victories Leave Kentucky Democrats Reeling
How the Media is Deceiving You!
Cybersecurity experts discuss the security of Americas electronic voting systems by breaking down vulnerabilities at the state, local and manufacturer level
We want Brexit success - Change Britain
Hillary Clinton Meets Memory Brutus!!
Liberal Plantation Politics - The Missing Black History of the Democratic Party Part II
Hillary Clinton - Liberal Plantation Politics & The Truth
Debate Prep Underway: Trump Will Be Unpredictable in Presidential Debates
Trump calls for immediate closure of "corrupt" Clinton Foundation
Mexico president says he's willing to meet with Trump
Twitter CEO Dick Costolo Secretly Censored Abusive Responses To President Obama
The Donald's Right, Hillary's 200,000 Upstate New York Jobs Plan Was A Bust
This Woman's Quiet Death Epitomizes America's Broken Political System
Can We Talk About How the 9th Circuit is Acting Idiotically?
Paul Ryan says he's studying up on procedural issues ahead of GOP convention
Supreme Court deadlocks, thwarting Obamas immigration actions
GOP leaders alarmed by Trumps devastating fundraising start
Stephen Colbert draws swastika to slam Donald Trump's Orlando reaction
Donald Trump Rally in Atlanta, GA (6-15-16)
Paul Ryan Ignores Mass Muslim Migration Connection to Terrorism
The GOP Needs a Civil War
Hornberger's Video Tidbit: How Wealth Is Created
Trump, Ryan say they are totally committed to uniting their party
Trump, Ryan meet amid growing Republican calls to unify
Obama: Crime Created by 'System,' Successful People 'Just Lucky,' 'Wasn't Nothin' You Did'
Sound bites from Donald J Trump
How Ted Cruz Got Indiana Wrong
Ted Cruz drops out of presidential race
Alex Jones Does Perfect Impersonation How Republicans See Bernie Sanders
Koch Shows His Cards : Hillary Preferable to Republican President
Behind closed doors with GOP elites, Trump campaign guru admits to the con
Kasich's Why-After narrowing the pool of potential nominees to those who had chosen to run, Ryan turned to his vision of the Republican Party. "I believe we can once again be that optimistic party that is defined by a belief in the limitless possibility of our people."
Republican Leaders Consider Rewriting Convention Rules
Trump: Lewandowski hasn't been 'quite as effective' recently
Cruz Suggests Veepstakes Are Underway ... Considering Rubio!
Ted Cruz: New Jersey judge rejects US citizenship challenge (x-post NewJersey)
John Kasich Remarks in New York City-"He spoke of two paths facing America today, and which he thought is the better one for the country to take."
What kind of Republican am I?
Trump: CIA chief's waterboarding refusal 'ridiculous'
Why we should let our tax code continue to favor large corporations rather than be equal:
Attempt to remove Mississippi from the USA
The Real Reason Trump Can't Break the GOP
Preview and predictions for April's Republican Presidential Primary Elections
Donald Trump on Wisconsin Primary: Were Going to Have a Surprise Tonight
Cruz tops Trump in North Dakota delegate race
Contested Convention or 3rd Party Run ?
#Independent. Bought and Paid for by the GOP to Keep Business as Usual. Contributions from L.Graham Mitt Romney, The Bush family and Paul Ryan. #lyingPuppet #lyingTed
Tennessee GOP delegate fight erupts ahead of party meeting
2 Conservatives vs. 2 Liberals tonight! (College Radio Debate and Discussion)
Actor Adam Driver (Star Wars The Force Awakens) Supports Donald Trump!
With disavowal of loyalty pledge, divisive GOP presidential race ventures into unknown territory, foreshadowing a nasty fight in July and a possibly third party bid by Trump
Who Are the Angriest Republicans?
Heaven Help Californias Non-Urban Cities Under a $15 Minimum Wage
The FBI Needs to Stop Spying on Muslim-Americans; A new federal program pretends to intervene in U.S. Muslim communities when what its really doing is flagrant profiling.
Hey reddit, I'm working on a research paper for an English class and I need some results for a survey on Gun Control, if you could take the time to take this survey (it's not long) it would help me tremendously, thanks!
Trump holds 21-point lead in new national poll
Hijacked EgyptAir Plane Flown To Cyprus; Bomb Suspected On Board
Trump On Nasty Remarks About Women: 'I Never Thought I'd Run For Office'
John Kasich answers Wisconsin voters questions-Republican presidential candidate John Kasich holds a town hall event at River Steel Inc. in West Salem, Wisconsin.
Pushback | The 2016 campaign is putting the most influential political-science book in recent memory to a stiff test
Trump's Constitution
Enough With The Teddy Bears And Tears: Its Time To Take Our Civilization Back
The Case for Trump + Cruz
Supreme Court hears Obamacare birth control rule challenge
Trump Says Muslims 'NOT REPORTING' Terror Activity
After Brussels attack, its advantage Trump
EXCLUSIVE: Jeb Bush endorses Ted Cruz
On Top Of The Tiger, Trump Smells Victory
Number of refugees coming to Michigan expected to climb
Last night I was watching The Proposal and I thought that Ryan Reynolds would be perfect to play the role of Jeb Bush if they ever make a movie about him.
How Trump vs Clinton Would Reshape The Electoral Map
Trump campaign manager accused of another physical altercation
Trump hits Cruz with late attack ad in Utah
Chamber of Commerce Warns Trump To Back Off China...
Manufacturing Jobs Are Never Coming Back
Sheriff Arpaio to police Trumps Arizona rally
Snowden Leaks Caused Loss of 1,000 Targets, Including Terrorists
House Speaker Paul Ryan says a contested GOP convention is becoming likely, but calls Trump's predictions of riots "unacceptable"
Ted Cruz posts video of late Andrew Breitbart saying "of course" Donald Trump is "not a conservative," days after Breitbart staffers walk out over the website's Trump fanfare
GOOGLE Maps Helping Illegals Avoid Border Control...
Cuba replaces Che's poster with Obama
How Trump Beats Hillary
Democrats sound alarm against Trump
Marco Rubio Campaign's Epic Failure: The Inside Story
You Son of a B***h: Glenn Beck Slams Delusional Kasich for Staying in the Race
Predictable=> Leftist Groups Are Posting Anti-Trump RENT-A-MOB Ads on Craigslist - The Gateway Pundit
Trump warns of 'riots' if he isn't GOP nominee
Math and momentum point to Trump, Clinton nominations
Kasich ready to take race to the convention
Marco Rubio Suspends His Presidential Campaign
Outmoded U.S. immigration system poses security risk: study
Iran Says It Recovers Information From Us Sailors' Devices
FiveThirtyEight predicts a dominant night for Trump
Marist polls: Kasich ahead in Ohio, Trump up big in Florida
CAN'T
GENERAL BOYKIN On Gender Neutral Bathrooms: ...the first man that walks in my daughters bathroom, he aint going to have to worry about surgery.
Kevin McCarthy says Trumps intensity could help GOP win House seats
In what way do you want to see the GOPe(establishment) change?
German Finance Minister: Sorry, The Entire Budget Surplus Has Been Earmarked For Immigrants
Trump defends supporters hitting protesters
New Trump ad slams Kasich in Ohio
Dubai official warns of 'clash of civilizations' over Trump
Trump tried to get fired consumer advocate reporter, David Lazarus, over his report on Trump University
Dr. Michael J. Burry at UCLA Economics Commencement 2012
Donald Trump, the Perfect Populist
Trump followers now have their own soft drink!
We need to. We have to. We must. How candidates use these phrases in debates.
Hey all, I would like to compare how r/republicans polls differently than the national polls. Please take 10 seconds to cast your vote!
Trump's Resolve to Skip Fox Debate Leaves Republicans Reeling
Our Insane Addiction to Polls
National Review, conservative thinkers stand against Trump
Bob Gates on the GOP field: 'They dont know what theyre talking about'
There Is No Free Lunch  Rand Pauls Reactions To The #DemDebate
Why Rand Pauls Campaign Will Go Down in History
Rand Paul: Obama Should Say Ive Been a Failure and Resign at SOTU
SEMPER FI? Soldiers and Veterans May Be Up for Grabs in 2016
Republican Sen. Tom Cotton couldnt be more wrong: No, the U.S. doesnt have an under-incarceration problem
Trump's past surfaces as GOP looks forward
Speaker Ryan: It's Time to #CutTheRope
Quicken Loans Arena: Allow Open Carry of Firearms at the Quicken Loans Arena during the RNC Convention in July.
Trump's racism is spreading to the younger generation
Trump blames money woes on 'difficulty' with Republicans
RIGGED SYSTEM? New York Votes: 526,775 -> 89 Delegates; Wisconsin: 531,129 -> 36 Delegates
after a single post ever, with a neutral fact (that got a single reply that it was wrong). Great way to promote ideas.
Republicans should watch the Fox News Debate and not the Trump Rally
Ted Cruz Crushes NPR Host on Climate Change
Trump needs cash, but GOP donors not opening their wallets
Why Paul Ryan cant protect the GOP brand from Trump
An inane jumble': Trump foreign policy splits GOP on issue party once agreed on
The Latest: Kasich calls for balance on gay rights, religion-Ohio Gov. John Kasich says gay people are most likely born gay, but he doesn't see discrimination against them as a large enough problem to merit special legislative protection
Should we keep calling ourselves pro-life?
JUST because the GOP is paying for my ELECTION.. Doesn't mean they expect anything in return..That's how things work, right? #lyingted
Trump: "Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning @NCGOP"
Report: Breitbart coordinated with liberal activist to take down Rubio, Cruz
Anyone think that Ted Cruz would be better off with a different hair part?
Clinton, Kasich  not Cruz  endorsed by nations largest Hispanic business group || "He credited Kasich for helping create jobs in Ohio and for his push to balance the federal budget as a congressman in the 1990s."
BOMBSHELL: John Kasich Has A Sex Scandal About To EXPLODE!?!
Scott Walker Endorses Ted Cruz
Salt Lake Tribune - Cruz in Utah: Glenn Beck Says Hes Fulfillment of Mormon Prophecy
Donald Trump is slowly, but surely, bringing on the death of the Republican Party (Or at the very least, locking in the fact that the next president WILL be either Clinton or Sanders). Here's how.
What Explains the Vicious Left?
More Republicans expect Clinton, rather than Trump, to win U.S. election
Rivals slam Trump for blaming KKK stumble on earpiece
Trump retweets another white supremacist
Why This Republican Might Vote Democrat Next November
An Open Letter to Ted Cruz
Attempt to remove Mississippi from the USA
Unconscionable.
John Kasich Is Just Sayin'-"The Kasich campaign would like to remind you he still polls better against Hillary Clinton than does Donald Trump."
Ted Cruz might be the most qualified presidential hopeful in decades. Here are some things you may not know about him.
Trump: Tweeting picture of Heidi Cruz was a 'mistake'
Cops: Trump Backer Walloped Political Foe
Cruz Moves To Snatch Trump's Arizona Delegates
Time for a Republican mutiny: GOP delegates can save their party from Trump
Snowden Leaks Caused Loss of 1,000 Targets, Including Terrorists
How To Brainwash A Trump Protester
Will Wisconsin Be Trump's Waterloo?
Tennessee GOP beats back Trump allies
Petition to White House about Arizona 'voter suppression' hit goal in about 40 hours
We won't win war on terror: Former French PM - "I do believe that our strategy should be very different than the one it is. Much less a military approach than a political approach, trying to find solutions in the Middle East and we are far from doing that," said Dominique de Villepin.
Donald Trump Must Beware of Trojan Horse Delagates
Trumps New Coalition Of Voters Who Put America First
Jerry Brown: If Trump wins, California might need a wall of its own
Innocent Q
Why John Kasich Should Stay in the Presidential Race-Only time will tell if history will repeat itself, but for those who think Kasich is wasting peoples time, think again.
The Kasich Option
Bernie Sanders Says in the Third Person, "Bernie Sanders in the Candidate" - " When your party's most electable candidate is a creepy senile Socialist with a very weird personal life who believes Americans have too many deodorant options, your party has big problems."
Clinton Unveils Contemptuous Plan for Basement-Dwelling Millennials
Israel must pay for every last expense of the Iran war when it happens.
Trump Supporter Asks Questions At Ted Cruz And Refuses To Hear Answers
Hillary is a person just like us!
Giuliani explains why he won't endorse Trump
Conservative Group Releases New Ads Featuring Victims of Trump University
Trump Tower Got Its Start With Undocumented Foreign Workers
Ted Cruz: 'The Overwhelming Majority Of Violent Criminals Are Democrats'
5 Ways to Survive Thanksgiving Dinner Sitting Across From Your Sanctimonious Left-Wing Relatives who Studied the DNC Talking Points
UPDATE: Rubio taken WAAAAY out of context!  The Right Scoop
Trumps Right That The GOP Primary Is Unfair  It Favors Him
See, Share, Enjoy!
The Republican Party can have Donald Trump or it can have a future but it cannot have both.
A question for Christian Republicans
Actor Adam Driver (Star Wars The Force Awakens) Supports Donald Trump!
CAN'T
New York Times pushes propaganda once again just like they did for the Iraq war, this time propaganda to push for gun bans!
Rigging the Election - Video I: Clinton Campaign and DNC Incite Violence at Trump Rallies
The Delusions Of Dump Trump
In Case You Missed It: Sen. Cory Gardner Endorses Cruz
Republicans: Did this debate moment have any effect on your views toward Donald Trump?
Donald Trump Questioned About Previous Positions on Libya and Iraq
A day in Hillary's America if NeverTrump has their way.
"Trouble" - Cruz campaign in overdrive in desperate bid to wrestle Indiana from Trump
Kasich to speak Monday in Troy, Saratoga Springs-"the poll showed that if he is the nominee, 81 percent of GOP voters would pick Kasich over Democrat Hillary Clinton in the November election, the highest percentage for any of the three GOP candidate remaining."
TRUMP ON BRUSSELS: I TOLD YOU SO!!!
Carson: Trump plagiarism accusations don't bother me
Donald Trump's rise is a scary moment in America
"What I've been watching here is this back and forth, and these attacks, some of them are personal, I think we're fixing to lose the election to Hillary Clinton if we don't stop this," Kasich said, eliciting cheers from the crowd.
Trump Wrong About Ads Attacking Kasich-"Donald Trump falsely claims that while he has had 55,000 negative ads run against him, John Kasich has never had one negative ad against him.
10 ways democrats are like Nazis
Where Cruz is beating Trump: The GOP front-runner is falling short in hunt for loyal delegates, and its about to get worse.
No, George Soros is not bankrolling John Kasich's campaign
DISGUSTING! HUNDREDS of Anti-Trump Protesters Taunt Jews at AIPAC With Nazi Imagery
Here's a bit of rhetorical ammo to feed the debate. WARNING : Witty Ad Hominem Attacks
Leftists say they're concerned for the well-being of women. But Leftists will blame the victim if the rape is inconvenient to their narrative
Some Republicans buck (and duck) Trump
Indiana Could be the Stage for a Cruz  Trump Showdown If Donald Accepts the Challenge
Why Todays Romp by Trump Doesnt Matter; or Running a receding finish line.
Cruz predicts Trump won't be able to mount a third-party run
American Aid to Israel Serves US National Interests
Womens Rights Activists: Female Genital Mutilation Is Taking Place on U.S. Soil
Donald Trump to the Mentally Ill: Youre Fired
Exclusive  Donald Trump On Brussels Attack: The Terrorists Are Totally Winning
Sarah Palin: A Badge of Honor To Be on Smart Sets Blacklist of Donald Trump Supporters
Trump Supporters in Colorado Get Angry when Trump's Policies are Turned on Them
FOX: TRUMP HAS 'EXTREME, SICK OBSESSION' WITH MEGYN KELLY
Is Trump to blame for market volatility?
Trump's Health Care Surrender
GOP candidates agree: Obama should not appoint Scalia replacement
Why these Obama voters are backing Donald Trump
Pressed on health care, Cruz comes up short
What A Delegate War Really Looks Like
Why Wisconsins Never Trump movement is different
Pro-Trump super PAC praises him as a unifier
Cruz team targets Trump-Putin lovefest
Two Weeks in Trump Nation
Trump campaign manager's behavior prompted staff concerns
An outline of Ted Cruz's policies
Cruz Laughs at Trumper-tantrum, Says Trump Cant Debate the Substance
Marco Rubio's Difficult Path to the Nomination
The Obama Theory of Trump
Manners Fit Jeb Bush, if Not an Uncouth Race
The Firewall State -- If the Republican campaign is to return to normality, it will do so in South Carolina
Mexico president says he's willing to meet with Trump
GOP leaders alarmed by Trumps devastating fundraising start
Trump On Nasty Remarks About Women: 'I Never Thought I'd Run For Office'
Donald Trump must be destroyed
Rand Paul: Obama Should Say Ive Been a Failure and Resign at SOTU
In Paris aftermath, Fiorina, Santorum blame Obama, Clinton for ISIS rise
VIDEO: Audience Gives Cruz Cold Shoulder At NY Gala ...
State Dept Memo Proves George W. Bush Was Right After All
Obama: ISIS Is Not Getting 'Stronger,' We Have 'Contained' Them
Some of Hillary's crimes are so abnormal we can't even describe them using current vocabulary. So here is a new word - "hirotten - to personally benefit by helping a rapist."
Clinton suggests Trump wants to become a dictator
Why I Changed My Mind and Joined the #NeverTrump Movement
Buzzfeed Rebuttal: 27 Racist Questions... Answered (by a black man) | The Mediators
Guess what, Hillary: Waterboarding works
Why The Left Should Also Worry About Trumpism
Now what? by George Weigel
RNC Chairman Priebus breaks down what to expect during the convention, drama within party
'Never Trump' groups collide with Kasich, Cruz- "But Cruz and Kasich  both of whom have been mathematically eliminated from winning the nomination outright  are carrying on with no regard for the anti-Trump movements proposed pathway to a contested convention. "
Trump's foreign policy team baffles Republican experts
Inside the Protest That Stopped the Trump Rally
Did Debbie Wasserman Schultz Really Just Say The REPUBLICANS Aren't Diverse?
Donald Trump slams Pope Francis for Mexico visit
GOP platform touches on dozens of policy points
Top Republicans Predict Speaker Ryan Will Be GOP Pick
Obama to Skip Nancy Reagan's Funeral to Attend SXSW Festival
Pepperidge Farm Remembers
10 Stories About Donald Trump You Won't Believe Are True
the libtard identity game
Kasich voters in Indiana consider Trump over Cruz
Obama could learn from Putin
Donald Trump was elected president tonight
88 US Generals Stand Together Against Hillary Clinton In One Massive Act Of Defiance
This former fat kid is now a billionaire heir playboy on the NYC party scene: Alex Soros
Republican state senator from Iowa becomes first elected official to boycott GOP over Donald Trump
Cruz: Net Neutrality is Obamacare for the Internet.
Cruz to name Fiorina as VP running mate
Ted Cruz: Chess Grandmaster
After losing Colorado delegates to Cruz, Trump accuses GOP of corruption, calls the primary system "rigged"
'TED IS THE ANOINTED ONE' HOLY GHOST VIDEO REVEALED DAD SPEAKING IN TONGUES SUPPORTERS 'LAY HANDS' ON CRUZ AT RALLY
In the Race for Registered Voters, Republicans Are Gaining
Kasich gets near-$200k boost from top GOP fundraiser-"You need John Kasich in there to appeal to delegates who Ted Cruz will not appeal to, and you need Ted Cruz to appeal to delegates that John Kasich will not appeal to," she [Bobbie Kilberg
For the good of the Republican party, both Trump and Cruz must lose
Encourage John Kasich to drop out of the race. He can't win and is only causing trouble for the democratic process.
Trump, Ryan say they are totally committed to uniting their party
How Ted Cruz Got Indiana Wrong
Alex Jones Does Perfect Impersonation How Republicans See Bernie Sanders
Koch Shows His Cards : Hillary Preferable to Republican President
John Kasich Remarks in New York City-"He spoke of two paths facing America today, and which he thought is the better one for the country to take."
The Real Reason Trump Can't Break the GOP
Cruz tops Trump in North Dakota delegate race
#Independent. Bought and Paid for by the GOP to Keep Business as Usual. Contributions from L.Graham Mitt Romney, The Bush family and Paul Ryan. #lyingPuppet #lyingTed
Trump holds 21-point lead in new national poll
Chamber of Commerce Warns Trump To Back Off China...
Trump gets torched at Democratic town hall
Trump defends supporters hitting protesters
Trump tried to get fired consumer advocate reporter, David Lazarus, over his report on Trump University
Another (Pointless) Warning to the GOP
NRA comments on libertarian gun grabber Bill Weld
POLL: Choose TRUMP's VP!
Reddit Will Adjust Algorithm To Censor Trump Supporters Following Orlando Shootings
This poll is showing that Bernie has the most "power"?
Taking It To The Limit: Cruz, Sanders, Kasich Could Revive Convention Wars - So there are non-maniacal reasons for Cruz, Kasich and Sanders to continue to raise and spend money and campaign furiously from Indiana to Oregon to California and back to New Jersey.
CRUZ TRIES TO DEFEND HIMSELF VS TRUMP
John Kasich Supports 'Moving On' From Gay Marriage Debate- also discuses his views on the Iraq war and what he would have done differently.
Why Hasn't Bernie Sanders Released His Tax Returns? (Or Cruz Or Kasich, Either...)
The Men Who Gave Trump His Brutal Worldview
Cruz Calls For Patrols Of Muslim Neighborhoods
This is what we are up against
Trump spent less to win more
LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Tuscon, AZ (3-19-16)
Rubio nears Cruz endorsement
Clinton: Trump Is Inciting Mob Violence
The GOPs Last Chance to Stop Trump - Texas Monthly
2002 Interview Contradicts Trump on Early Opposition to Iraq War
Sen. Ted Cruz, Take Off Your Goodie-Good Two Shoes...
Fear the Wrath of Jeb!
Suggestion: a new authentically CONSERVATIVE cable news network
Donald Trump | Under the Red Sun
Would you vote for Donald Trump if he ran on a third party ticket?
Deep poll: Rank 2016 prez candidates 1st..8th
I've been schlonged is a bit like raped.
How do Republicans feel about Irish Republicanism?
Anti-Trump YouTube video mysteriously losing dislikes!
Do What Is Right, Not What Is Easy
Andrea Mitchell: Donald Trump is 'completely uneducated about any part of the world'
President Obama: 'I Am Worried About the Republican Party'
John Kasich can take on Hillary Clinton. Heres why.
Some Deplorable Trump Quotes (Women, you'll be Very Mad )
Obamas tantrum a striking display of failed leadership
The Republican Party is broken
Decision 2016: A Guide for Hillary &amp; Trump Voters
Joe Biden cares more about the North American Treaty than Constitution
Lunatic fringe extremist CT Governor Dan Malloy bans state travel to North Carolina due to anti-LGBT legislation
Donald Trumps Black Voter Outreach: Democrats Have Failed Black Americans
Colin Kaepernick's Great Service to America
TRUMP/GINGRICH 2016
Kasich: Republicans Who Are 'Scaring' Hispanic Voters May Hurt GOP in General Election
Make sure to vote for Ted Cruz. He will protect Israel from Iran.
Ted Cruz Wows CNBC Panel With 46 Minutes of Economic Brilliance, Clarity, and Specificity
Team Cruz works to draw Texas delegates -- GOP nomination may depend on personal loyalties at a contested convention
Generation Identity
Trump Campaign in Disarray
Cruz: Trump is a 'SNIVELING COWARD'
Donald Trump Secretly Told The New York Times What He Really Thinks About Immigration #ReleaseTheTapes
Twitter Poll: If #DNC = unfair, should @SenSanders challenge @realDonaldTrump to 1v1 debate, and why? #FeelTheBern #Trump2016
Governor Nikki Haley blasts Donald Trump after his South Carolina visit
Republicans who support Trump. Do you think of he wins the nomination that he would actually win the presidency?
Rubio says he wants ground forces to battle ISIS, as he rises in new poll
Cruz and Kasich devise strategy to keep Trump from clinching three primary states
The Republican Party Must Answer for What It Did to Kansas and Louisiana
Poll: Voters Trust Donald Trump to Keep America Safe; Favor Muslim Ban
ATTENTION ALL REDDITORS
Why Republicans still must not rally around Trump
Kasich Defends Advice to Female Student to Avoid 'Parties Where There's a Lot of Alcohol'--Kasich denied that, and said alcohol "obscures the ability of people to seek justice" after an attack. "That has nothing to do with saying that somebody who has been a victim is somehow responsible,"
Poll: Cruz Leads Trump by Double Digits in Indiana (In latest poll.)
Upvote to watch everyone that speech was AMAZEBALLLLLS!!!! Trump Florida Speech (10/13/2016)
You Can't Be For And Against Trump
Why on earth are "anti trump" websites blocked?
Lindsey Graham Concedes: If Rubio Loses Florida, GOP Establishment Will Have to Rally Around Ted Cruz | Video
Paul Ryan blasts Trump's Muslim ban: 'This is not conservatism'
7 times, the delegate leader wasn't the one who got GOP nomination for president, John Kasich says-"Republicans have had 10 conventions in which no candidate had won a majority of delegates, Kasich said, and "only three out of 10 times was the front runner selected"
'Clinton Cash: A Graphic Novel' to Debut #1 on the New York Times Graphic Novel Bestsellers List
How Is the Godless West Working Out?
The lies Trump told this week: from military spending to his tax returns | US news
Top 28 Hillary Clinton Political Cartoons from this Year
Donald Trump does not have a campaign
Secret Service: No guns inside GOP convention
Terrorist Hunted Through Brussels ... Yesterday!
Border Agents: DHS Has No Intention Of Deporting Illegals
Thousands Rally At Anti-Trump Protest In Manhattan
Rubio glitches again, this time while condemning U.S. culture
I don't understand Ted Cruz's popularity....
Rand Paul, "I'll fight Obama's Executive Orders Tooth and Nail!"
Can someone explain to me why republicans say they are for smaller government and less government oversight but consistently vote for more government and laws when it comes to civil liberties such as drugs and abortion DEA is huge.
Racial Cop Shootings: The Difference
Looking to stop HRC? Only need one thing...
Kasich declares victory in Indiana delegate elections but questions remain
Trump's shifting abortion stance - setting the record straight
6 THINGS IM TIRED OF HEARING FROM YOUNG REPUBLICANS
Rove blasts Trump: 'Of course, I never manhandled a reporter or anyone else'
Trump takes back pledge to support GOP nominee
Cruz to one-up Trump with in-person pitch for North Dakota delegates
Feeling G.O.P. Peril, Muslims Try to Get Out Vote
ISIL Video Uses Donald Trump Comments To Fan Flames After Brussels Attacks!
Poll: Kasich and Sanders would fare better in November than Trump, Clinton
Brussels Attacks  Live Blog - Dozens Killed!
The Man The Founders Feared
The Ten Ideologies of America: As Donald Trump Overthrows the Old Order, a Look at the New
Poll: Donald Trump Hits 65 Percent in New York, More than 50 Percent Ahead of Ted Cruz
Marco Rubios Latest Attacks on Trump are Crude, Beyond the Pale, and Absolutely Genius
Mitt Romney To Enter The Race? The Establishment's Secret Plan B To Steal The Nomination From Trump
24 Years Later, Joe Bidens Words (On SCOTUS replacements) Haunt Democrats
New data shows Republican party shrinking fast in California
Donald Trump Donated More to Clintons Than Veterans
How Trump's deportation plan failed 62 years ago
Why I Think Marco Rubio Will Be the Next Republican Nominee for President
Why its time for a Trump revolution
So-called 'Gold Star Family' exposed: Khizr Khans Deep Legal, Financial Connections to Saudi Arabia, Hillarys Clinton Foundation Tie Terror, Immigration, Email Scandals Together
If you don't like Trump, this will make you smile- a small contribution to stop this degenerate
Cruz win keeps GOP race on track toward contested convention
Glenn Beck Channels Mormon Prophecy in Utah for Cruz: Body of the Priesthood Will Stand Up When the Constitution Hangs by a Thread
Donald Trump Is Shocking, Vulgar and Right
Donald Trump & Chris Christie in Lawrenceville, NJ (5-19-16)
Kasich Says An Open Convention Would Be 'So Cool'
Bryan Adams cancels Mississippi concert over new anti-gay law after playing Egypt last month
Sorry Gov. Kasich, Electability Is Bunk
Donald Trump Rally in Portsmouth, NH 10/15/16
Conservative House Members Meet to Discuss Strategy for Combating Paul Ryan
Your Brain on Cultural Marxism
Disinterest and apathy are crushing it in the US elections right now
Roger Stone Predicts GOP Will Create New, Noxious Rules at Convention to Steal Nomination from Donald Trump
Rubio Slams Trumps Earpiece Excuse: Ku Klux Klan Comes Through Pretty Clearly
Study: Average American Can Stand Four Seconds of Ted Cruz - The New Yorker
This is a video I made about Bill Clinton. Let me know what you think.
Anonymous GOP donor pledges $5 million if Trump releases tax returns
Sign Petition to verify Elizabeth Warren's Native American heritage
Trump: I'm Going To Figure Out What "Sinister Deal" Paul Ryan Made With The Establishment
VIDEO: NEW COUGHING FIT FOR HILLARY; CROWD CHEERS...
We want Brexit success - Change Britain
Debate Prep Underway: Trump Will Be Unpredictable in Presidential Debates
Trump calls for immediate closure of "corrupt" Clinton Foundation
This Woman's Quiet Death Epitomizes America's Broken Political System
The GOP Needs a Civil War
Trump, Ryan meet amid growing Republican calls to unify
Obama: Crime Created by 'System,' Successful People 'Just Lucky,' 'Wasn't Nothin' You Did'
Ted Cruz drops out of presidential race
Behind closed doors with GOP elites, Trump campaign guru admits to the con
Kasich's Why-After narrowing the pool of potential nominees to those who had chosen to run, Ryan turned to his vision of the Republican Party. "I believe we can once again be that optimistic party that is defined by a belief in the limitless possibility of our people."
Trump: Lewandowski hasn't been 'quite as effective' recently
Donald Trump on Wisconsin Primary: Were Going to Have a Surprise Tonight
Elizabeth Warren: 'Donald Trump is looking out for exactly one guy'
Heaven Help Californias Non-Urban Cities Under a $15 Minimum Wage
John Kasich answers Wisconsin voters questions-Republican presidential candidate John Kasich holds a town hall event at River Steel Inc. in West Salem, Wisconsin.
The Case for Trump + Cruz
Marist polls: Kasich ahead in Ohio, Trump up big in Florida
GENERAL BOYKIN On Gender Neutral Bathrooms: ...the first man that walks in my daughters bathroom, he aint going to have to worry about surgery.
German Finance Minister: Sorry, The Entire Budget Surplus Has Been Earmarked For Immigrants
Trump followers now have their own soft drink!
Virginia House of Delegates representative David Ramadan thought he was just standing up for Virginia Republicans when he tweeted at Trump over the weekend. What he got as a result has become increasingly familiar to Trump non-believers: threats and racist taunts.
Christie virtually calls out CNN for their constant focus on what Trump says
How About a Favor?
Latest Monmouth university poll. Asked if X candidate was the nominee how likely are GOP voters to vote for X candidate (trump: 70%, Cruz 66%, Kasich 81%)
Trump Is Right To Propose NATO Reassessment
Ryan admonishes Trump for 'Riot' remark
Donald Trump: Jeb Bush 'dumb as a rock'
Ann Coulter: Moonies for Cruz
Sen. Tom Cotton really, really, really doesnt like Harry Reid
#NeverTrump Derangement Syndrome Personified
My Take on How Donald Trump, and ONLY DONALD TRUMP, Can and Will Win Against Hillary in 2016
Watch: College Kids Can't Explain Why a Short White Man Isn't a Tall Asian Woman
(Serious) How did Obama screw up our country?
Whistleblower Edward Snowden claims Belgian spies could have stopped Brussels attacks
"We were lied to by EU, not Brexit campaign!"
FACT CHECK: Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton's Final Presidential Debate (From an Economic Perspective)
Before Clinton Implodes, Democrats Should Turn to Joe Biden
441 Syrian Refugees Admitted to the U.S. Since the Orlando Attack, Dozens to Florida
The Republicans want to be conned: Paul Ryan and the GOP are letting themselves be duped by Trump
Donald Trump Rally in Carmel, IN (5-2-16)
Who is Ted Cruz?
Hillary Says Babies Are People But Dont Have Rights
Donald Trump flawed? On every front, Washington is worse
Trump will 'look in to' paying legal bills for man who punched protester
Democrats who cried wolf on Mitt Romney have nowhere to go on Donald Trump - Hot Air
Voter Fraud is real, and here is how they do it.
Hillary done goofed herself
Member of Bush Family Endorses Gary Johnson
Rubio Repeats Himself 4x In Epic Debate Fiasco - uncut
Right now Hillary Clinton is a greater threat to our national well-being than Donald Trump. Throughout her time in politics, she has shown terrible judgment and little regard for the truth...
Yes, Donald Could Beat Hillary
Liz Mair: People Can Blame Me for Incendiary Melania Ad The Fact Is it Worked
Hillary Clintons Tax Plan Would Increase Taxes by $1.4 Trillion Over the Next Decade
Theresa May Brexit hero
Sen. Tom Cotton: U.S. has 'under-incarceration problem'
ISIS Newest Propaganda Video: Praising Orlando Jihadist Omar Mateen  RepublicaNation News
Obama Admin. On Pace to Issue One Million Green Cards to Migrants from Majority-Muslim Countries
Obama, Clinton Say 'Disarm' ... While Failing To Protect
The desperate and hysterical last gasp of the Cruz campaign. Thank god he is not our nominee.
New conservative aggregate site
Breaking News: Bruce Springsteen Is A Jerk
North Dakota victory highlights Cruz strength in delegate game
Jeffrey Dahmers home available for rent during the Republican National Convention
Scott Walker Full Interview Fox & Friends On Supporting the Republican Nominees
Trump May Be First Since Reagan To Unleash Americas Animal Spirits
Fighter: My Dream is to Live Under Islamic Caliphate in Europe...
Most Republicans Feel Embarrassed by Campaign, Poll Says: A majority of Republican primary voters view their party as divided, while Democratic voters see their side as unified, according to a New York Times/CBS News national poll.
Glenn Beck: Trump 'abuses' women, should grow up
Kasich Vows to Continue to Convention  but Needs More than 100% of Remaining Delegates!
Ted Cruz Aims to Beat Trumps Earned Media With Data
Cruz: Trump Manager's Grab Of Reporter A 'Fireable Offense'
Breitbart suffers exodus after choosing Trump over reporter
The rise of Trump brought to you by the decay of America's institutions
MAKE r/Republicans GREAT AGAIN
Good unbiased analysis on Trump
Folks should be showing up at every politician's campaign events this year with lifesize cutouts of the politician mocked up like an Indy Car driver with corporate logos of her major campaign and foundation contributors all over it.
Real Nationalism
How Trump let himself get out-organized
Huh? Glenn Beck Tells Iowa Crowd He Prefers Bernie Sanders Over Donald Trump
How the lifting of Iran sanctions is a victory for Rand Paul and libertarians
Ted Cruz is not eligible to be president
Republican Victories Leave Kentucky Democrats Reeling
Waiting for California and the FBI
Should Cruzers and Movement Conservatives Support Trump?
Join the GOP! Help us Win ModelUSGov and STOP the BERNIEBROS!
Watch: New Bombshell video just released by James O'Keefe on Mass Voter Fraud
Democrats Admit To Inciting Violence And 'Anarchy' At Trump Rallies
Religious leaders slam Clinton campaign over emails
Clintons lead over Trump shrinks to 3 percentage points: poll
Cruz and Kasich condemn Trump's tone, but not him
John Kasich Hit by PC Police for Advice to Young Woman-"But what seemed like common sense quickly came under attack. Enforcers of the Lefts rape culture narrative quickly pounced."
Finally a Republican (Other Than Me) Tells the Truth About Hillary Clinton - The Rush Limbaugh Show
Poland moves to ban Abortion
Why This Libertarian Supports Trump
Does Hillary Clinton Really Have Pneumonia?
The Soros 'donations' to Kasich, that never happened--Instead, monies have come in the form of personal contributions from current and former executives of some of his companies, one who has a record of donating to Republicans in the past.
The Daily Show - Senator Lindsey Graham "My party is completely screwed up"
Donald Trump plays the politician and wins cheers from pro-Israel group
When Trump Beats Hillary
This is the Party of Reagan and Lincoln
Get back in your box Negro: A series highlighting intellectuals attack on conservative minorities
Democratic Operative Explains Voter Fraud: We've Been Bussing People In For Fifty Years
Prediction About Trump's Natural Advantage Over Clinton
Paul Ryan's bipartisan deal to restructure Puerto Rico Debt
With Donald Trump in Charge, Republicans Have a Day of Reckoning
Cruz wins majority of delegates at Virginia convention
Ted Cruz, John Kasich join forces to stop Donald Trump | America's Vote
Donald Trump Rally in Warwick, RI (4-25-16)
Koch brothers won't go to Republican National Convention
Are Republican Voters Throwing Away Their Shot? A new state-by-state study says Ohio governor John Kasich is the one Republican who can defeat Hillary Clinton. If only he could convince the GOP.
Trump lawyer: I can't vote for Trump because I'm a registered Dem
Fox News projects: Cruz wins Wisconsin GOP primary
Donald Trump & Super Tuesday: An Open Letter to Voters
Dems blame GOP, Ryan, 'aiding, abetting terrorists' by rejecting gun control
Gay Group More Powerful than the NRA, Warns North Carolina Governor
Ted Cruz rejects mistress sex scandal report as 'complete and utter lies' from Trump 'henchmen'
Trump was right, US presidents can ban entire classes of immigrants: The Law is federal code 1182, sec. f:
I am a Mexican male currently writing a book on Republicanism, and yes I am a Republican.
The felon vote: Will the restoration of felons voting rights in Virginia help the Democrats?
Why the Establishment Hates Trump
Hey, Canadian with a question
"TED CRUZ"  A YUGE Lip Reading
Nigel Farage's rebellion 1993-2016
Lost Emails Show Hillary Clinton Used Server Earlier Than Admitted, Has Not Turned Over All Emails
CHARLES HURT: Ted Cruz fails to heed own advice, get out of race he can't win
Giuliani on Trump groping allegations: 'I believe Donald Trump'
Donald Trump Rally in Charleston, WV (5-5-16)
John Kasich Suspends Presidential Campaign- full speech
NY Gov. Cuomo Bans Official Travel to NC Because They Have Men's and Women's Restrooms
Trump spokeswoman: There was no attack on Heidi Cruz
Giuliani: Hillary Clinton helped found the Islamic State
How to cope with anxiety caused by Donald Trump: experts lend advice
AP Poll: Republicans wary of immigration from Middle East
8 Things You Need To Know About Ted Cruz's Sex Scandal
What We Will Lose if Hillary Clinton Wins
HP stock went up 7% the day Carly Fiorina got fired.
Ted Cruz Will Be Knocked Out of Race By April 26th - Even If He Wins WI
FLASHBACK: Reagan rushed off stage by Secret Service after protester charged...
The side of Donald Trump many people leave out.
What is the Democratic Party Good For? Absolutely Nothing
A London-based company, Smartmatic International, is providing voting machines for 16 states, and its chairman, Lord Mark Malloch-Brown, is tied to George Soros, a billionaire and political activist with deep ties to Hillary Clinton
Watch as he talks about how Hillary Clinton has done everything in her power to silence him and his mother, and to make sure he never meets his father. Lets EXPOSE HER!
Does anyone feel Democrats puts Republican in a no win scenario on diversity?
Bathroom Bill Is Not Hateful Bigotry
Hillarys Values Vs Trumps America (hillary Clinton)
Incumbent Senate Republicans build leads amid substantial ticket-splitting
Wayne Dupree Show - Interview With Donald Trump - 6-13-16
Free Market Economics: How Does The Free Market Help Space Exploration? - Learn Liberty
Ignorance, Misinformation, Irrationality
The signs of a cult - from a cult research organization (International Cultic Studies Association (ICSA))
Paul Ryan, a Mirage Candidate, Wages a Parallel Campaign
Vital Information Missing: CEO pay
How Votes for Trump Might Not Translate Into Delegates...
RNC Preps for Contested Convention, Launches Website to Inform Public
Chris Matthews: It's 'Fascistic' to Restrict Abortion
ObamaCare @ 6: An expensive mess
Kids' Lives Matter Too | RealClearPolitics
How Trump wins the West, even if he loses
5 interesting things Trump told the Post
Here comes the opposition book: Clinton and her allies prepare for Trump
Protestor charged for slapping police horse at KC Trump protest
Anti-AIPAC protest turns ugly and violent
GOP must get control of its own party
EXCLUSIVE: #CrushTrump Organizers Caught on Audio Thrilled About Media Portrayal
Bill Kristol Is Trying to Get Tom Coburn or Rick Perry to Run Third Party
Paul Ryan: I Know Best
Sorry, Conservatives, Its Likely Too Late for a Viable Third-Party Candidate
NYT: TRUMP HAS OPEN PATH TO 1,237 DELEGATES
Ted Cruz urged to apologize for attacks against Mitch McConnell
Cruz starts his shift to the middle
#NeverTrumps Next Level
Clinton Retracts Praise For Reagans' HIV/AIDS Legacy
Three out of four Hispanics view Trump unfavorably
Question from a politics newbie
Jeb!: Trump attacking "because he fears me"
plantation USA or the reality about the Two Party Charade
Audit The Ted
Republicans' White, Working-Class Trap: A Growing Reliance
New York Magazine: Why Isnt Marco Rubio Winning? 5 Theories
Full Show 11/16/15: Dear Republicans, Stop Helping ISIS!
question for republicans supporting someone other than trump, carson, or cruz...
Hillarys First Press Conference in 278 days! Disastrous  Trump
White House knocks GOP leaders for not standing up to Trump
Cruz-Fiorina 2016
Trump flops in Arizona delegate fight
Full interview: John Kasich, April 24 | [0:22
NY voters get their turn Tuesday- On the GOP side, most projections indicate Trump stands the best chance of winning New York, followed by Kasich and Cruz.
Hillary Clinton Has Had Enough Of Bernie Sanders
A Trump / Cruz 2016 Ticket ?
GOP licks its chops as Clinton moves to the left
Pat Caddell: When Trump Finds Out Kasich Voted for NAFTA, Kasich Will Lose Ohio
Full Republican Debate in South Carolina (Feb 13, 2016)
Donald Trump Finally Gets The Media To Pan The Crowd | 12-22-2015
This is why America needs Trump and his supporters
Stephen Miller: Only Way Ted Cruz Can Win Is By Nullifying Ballots That Have Already Been Cast
Obama takes two Air Force Ones to Argentina for sightseeing...
Bill Clinton Trashes Obama: 'Awful Legacy of the Last Eight Years'
Stop Standing Against Trump And Start Standing For America
Creamer Confirms Hillary Clinton Was PERSONALLY Involved in hiring Fake Protesters
Planned Parenthood Ignores Doctors' Warnings for Transgender Kids
Refugee thinks she should return to Syria unless their "living conditions improve" lolol
Trump: Sanders is responsible for violence
Trump releases letter backing claims of years of tax audits
Donald Trump Rally in Terre Haute, IN (5-1-16)
Trump : New Trade Deals Will Eliminate $19 Trillion US Debt in 8 years
Anti-Trump Protesters In Utah Clash With Police
Rand Paul will back Trump if he is nominee
Donald Trumps First Amendment Getting Shut Down
Carly Fiorina endorses Ted Cruz  What Could This Mean, If Anything?
How to Make Conservatism Great Again
An Analysis of the Clinton-Trump debate (From an economic perspective)
Donald Trump Speaks at Western Conservative Summit in Denver (7-1-16)
6 Dumb Myths Cracked Belives About Immigration
Cruz: Contested convention could 'fracture' GOP
Manafort vows Trump will protest Missouri, Colorado results
How Ted Cruz gets fucked, hint: its not by Trump
Internet Hacker Group Anonymous Makes Big Announcement About Cruz. This Is Bad ... For Lyin' Ted!
Can anyone articulate why the authoritarian left seems to love Islam so much?
Trump dumps Illinois campaign director
How The Left Is Weaponizing The American Legal System
Presidential Temperament
Ted Cruz attributes Trump support to voters with 'low information' who are 'not that engaged'
Hello From The_Donald
Donald Trump Rally in South Bend, IN (5-2-16)
New York Post endorses Donald Trump
Trump To Kasich: You're Taking My Votes
Meet South Carolinas Anti-Trump Double Agents
Ted Cruz Pushed to Dramatically Expand Muslim Migration in 2013
Libertarian VP pick slams guns: Handguns even worse than AR-15s - Red Alert Politics
Ian McEwan Notes That 2 + 2 = 4  Horrified, the LGBT Orwellians Make Him Take It Back
Trump, Cruz Delegates in TN Join Forces Again to Stop GOP Establishment
Trump on Cruz about Fiorina falling off stage: They just showed it to me, and I said, Wow thats really cruel, she fell off, she just went down. And she went down right in front of him and he was talking and he kept talking That was a weird deal, man."
Rick Scott (R. Gov. FL) Has Mic Shut Off When He Refuses to Say That Muslims Dont Hate America
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton Now Tied in Polls
Video: Bill Clinton slams awful legacy of last 8 years
Kremlin Says Trump's Video 'Demonises' Russia
Want to save America? Read your local paper.
Honest question: "GOP - The party of family values" ?
How will tonight's debate affect voter support? Lessons from Donald Trump's slowdown on social media after the first debate
Could Uncounted Trump Voters Decide the 2016 Election? Some Experts Think So.
Donald Trump's Campaign Signals He Will Pick Mike Pence as Running Mate
In one sentence, can you articulate what you believe is the worst thing about the Obama presidency? (serious)
John Kasich targets Ted Cruz, not Donald Trump, in delegate race
OBAMA ADMIN ADMITS: RELEASED GITMO PRISONERS KILLED AMERICANS...
Ohio Students stand up to PC police, condemn Missouri protests
Priebus slams Never Trump movement, calls for GOP unity
The Bonfire of the Hypocrisies
Sowell: Words versus deeds
Ted Cruzs Fight to Keep the Internet Free
Donald Trump Policy Speech in Monessen, PA (6-28-16)
Post-Orlando Gun Measures Squeeze Vulnerable Senate Republicans
Read about the intellectuals and ideas that have shaped the core of the modern neo-Confederate movement
What are some of the Constitutional Amendments the GOP wants to see pass?
From Astronauts to Football Coaches: John Kasichs Most Interesting Endorsements
Bernie Sanders on Racial Justice - Addressing Physical Violence (1) | The Mediators Discuss
Trump Orders New Campaign Hierarchy, Spending Plan
Convention Schedule?
Kasich: If Someone Crosses Into US Illegally, 'We've Got to Send Them Back Now' 'No More Coming In'
The Case for Kasich-"my experience is that there is a deep hunger for substantive conversation, for information about policies that will get our country back on track, for thoughtful consideration about where we are headed next and how best to manage the changes we face as a nation"
The Moment Team Jeb Realized Donald Trump Was a Political Monster
Clinton Foundation Corruption News
Ken Berg: The case for John Kasich is strong in Wisconsin-Lets not be swayed by the argument that Kasich cant win, because none of the three Republicans will likely have the delegates required to be our partys nominee.
Trump 'Yarmulkes' Are Biggest Seller at AIPAC Conference
Do a revote of the Arizona primary due to voter suppression. AZ Currently is Experiencing Major Voter Fraud. Please look into this. Democracy is not being upheld.
The Most Important States On Trumps Path To 1,237 Delegates
TERROR IN EUROPE: Explosions Hit Brussels, At Least 21 Dead, 30+ Injured
LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Speaks at AIPAC Policy Conference (3-21-16)
Trump wannabes shake up cable airwaves: Networks reach out, sometimes way out, to find talking heads to defend the GOP poll leader.
How John Kasich Could End Up Picking the Next President
Trump fights summer trial in Trump University lawsuit
The nations cartoonists on the week in politics
Trump University plaintiffs push for a summer trial
Fox analyst: Obama is so divisive he nominated a SCOTUS justice Republicans like
Articles: Hello Again, Reagan Democrats
Boehner endorses Paul Ryan for president
Obama to announce Supreme Court pick at 11 a.m.
POLITICO reporter denied access to Trump event
Donald Trump Collects First Super Tuesday Win: Northern Mariana Islands
Civil War Rages in Party Mitt Romney Destroyed
Fox News to host March 21 GOP debate
With video: on the violence in Donald Trump campaign rallies
How 'bout a little compromise, Congress?
Bush and Christie: Rubio is the new Obama. As they grapple for establishment support in New Hampshire, the pair are making what for Republicans is a deeply unflattering comparison.
Campaigning in style: How Jeb Bush blew through his warchest
Beware A GOP Calendar Front-Loaded With States Friendly To Trump And Cruz
reclaim rebuild the National Manhood
Can republicans give me a better definition of race baiting?
5 facts about Republicans
Giuliani on rigged election: 'Dead people generally vote for Democrats'
DNC hires fake protestors to Incite Violence at Trump Rallies
Latinos Rally for Trump in 'Operation Taco Bowl'
Krauthammer: Fight Is Over, Anti-Establishment Has Won
Donald Trumps Path To Nomination
Barack Obama: don't blame me, blame the GOP for the rise of Donald Trump, thoughts?
Report: Secret Service Says Michelle Fields Touched Trump Before Lewandowski Intervened
Ann Coulter - Reacts To Ted Cru'z RNC Speech (Ted Cruz Committed Politic...
How to get classified information off an air gapped computer system by Hillary and company
RNC Rules Roadblock May No Longer be a Hurdle for Kasich-Rule 40b isn't final  the Convention Rules Committee will meet the week before the convention to finalize changes to the rules.
Burn the American Plantation: Supporting Trump Can Make You A Target of Violence
Poll: Kasich, Cruz voters prefer Trump as second choice
Donald Trump Rally in Tampa, FL (6-11-16)
Donald Trump Rally in Spokane, WA (5-7-16)
This Day in History... Republicans Pass Anti-KKK Act - Outlawing Democratic Terrorist Groups
Economic models predict GOP White House, even with Trump
Trump goes after ex-Breitbart reporter: 'Can I press charges?'
Anti-Trump Groups Threaten 'Largest Civil Disobedience Action of the Century'
Karl Rove-Backed PAC Warms To Trump
Pence: Trump won, 'proud to stand' with him
Trump raised more than $2 million in 12 hours
The Orlando Shooting and Islam  The Alternative Hypothesis
5 Reasons To Stop Pretending Hillary Is Better Than Donald
'Game on': Trump, Sanders say willing to debate before California primary
Changes in #BLM could hinder Obama's ambitions.
GOP Congressman admits medical pot use, says its working
WOW! VIDEO BLACK TRUMP SUPPORTER  STOMPS Anti-Trump Protester in With Confederate Sign at Tucson Rally
RNC DEFENDS VOTERLESS ELECTIONS! 'DON'T GIVE A DARN'
Were getting brigaded
Trump Rolls Out A New Nickname For Kasich
The real enemies of America
Hillary Clinton - Liberal Plantation Politics & The Truth
Can We Talk About How the 9th Circuit is Acting Idiotically?
Paul Ryan says he's studying up on procedural issues ahead of GOP convention
Stephen Colbert draws swastika to slam Donald Trump's Orlando reaction
Donald Trump Rally in Atlanta, GA (6-15-16)
Paul Ryan Ignores Mass Muslim Migration Connection to Terrorism
Cruz Suggests Veepstakes Are Underway ... Considering Rubio!
Ted Cruz: New Jersey judge rejects US citizenship challenge (x-post NewJersey)
Trump: CIA chief's waterboarding refusal 'ridiculous'
Why we should let our tax code continue to favor large corporations rather than be equal:
Trump campaign shrinks Lewandowski's role
The FBI Needs to Stop Spying on Muslim-Americans; A new federal program pretends to intervene in U.S. Muslim communities when what its really doing is flagrant profiling.
Enough With The Teddy Bears And Tears: Its Time To Take Our Civilization Back
Trump Says Muslims 'NOT REPORTING' Terror Activity
EXCLUSIVE: Jeb Bush endorses Ted Cruz
Trump campaign manager accused of another physical altercation
Trump hits Cruz with late attack ad in Utah
Manufacturing Jobs Are Never Coming Back
House Speaker Paul Ryan says a contested GOP convention is becoming likely, but calls Trump's predictions of riots "unacceptable"
Ted Cruz posts video of late Andrew Breitbart saying "of course" Donald Trump is "not a conservative," days after Breitbart staffers walk out over the website's Trump fanfare
GOOGLE Maps Helping Illegals Avoid Border Control...
How Trump Beats Hillary
The Fox News Channel: Full Time Enablers Of Donald Trump
Democrats sound alarm against Trump
Predictable=> Leftist Groups Are Posting Anti-Trump RENT-A-MOB Ads on Craigslist - The Gateway Pundit
Trump warns of 'riots' if he isn't GOP nominee
Math and momentum point to Trump, Clinton nominations
FiveThirtyEight predicts a dominant night for Trump
Dubai official warns of 'clash of civilizations' over Trump
Donald Trump, the Perfect Populist
We need to. We have to. We must. How candidates use these phrases in debates.
Trump's Resolve to Skip Fox Debate Leaves Republicans Reeling
National Review, conservative thinkers stand against Trump
Bob Gates on the GOP field: 'They dont know what theyre talking about'
There Is No Free Lunch  Rand Pauls Reactions To The #DemDebate
Why Rand Pauls Campaign Will Go Down in History
The odds of Trump becoming president?
The Republican Establishment Is Playing with Fire
GOP-led Senate failing at its most basic tasks
Trump County, USA: Americas most reliable bellwether county has fallen for the wild man from New York.
Plan A for GOP donors: Wait for Trump to fall. (There is no Plan B.)
As an European, i wonder why Americans hate Socialism so much?
Chicago child shooting
FBI files linking Hillary Clinton to the 'suicide' of White House counsel have vanished
Senate Democrats block GOP's Zika funding bill after Dem's immigration policy imported the problem.
Latest fed reports show Democratic donors step up efforts on Senate, Clinton bids
University of Toronto learns why mandatory unisex bathrooms are a bad idea
Rand Paul: Marco Rubio is proposing a new $1 trillion "welfare program" in tax credits and "$1 trillion in new military spending." Politifact: Mostly True : StandwithRand
Could Trump Pull Off a Surprise Last-Minute Victory? Two Reputable Pollsters Say Yes.
Trump launches America First app, a competitive social network
"George Soros exposed!" This is the man behind truly behind Moveon.org and the radical left in America. Please watch and share.
The Bully Party
Sources Say Trump Wants To Nominate A Democrat For His VP
Camille Paglia: This is why Trumps winning, and why I wont vote for Hillary
Trump to Work Closely, Directly with National Border Patrol Council to Set U.S. Border Policy
Cruz pushed for doubling of immigrants, including Muslims, to 1.67M PER YEAR
Sally Kohn: Stop blaming Black Lives Matter the way I blame pro-lifers - Hot Air
Jose: My Vote's For Donald
Prince was a conservative republican
Lindsey Graham, who endorsed Cruz, says Kasich would be best president
Poll: Kasich leads Trump in Ohio
Donald Trump Speech on Hillary Clinton in NYC (6-22-16)
List of countries destroyed by Hillary Clinton
Hillary Conspiracy Theories Swirl After First Presidential Debate
Sen. Tom Cotton: the Clinton Foundation's decision to cease accepting foreign donations if Hillary Clinton becomes president creates a "fire sale" for "dictators and shady oligarchs."
Pete Hegseth: Mark My Words  Hillary Might Be Worse Than Obama
The Clinton sleaze never ends
Hillary Clinton demands answers and Democrats call foul as FBI reopens email investigation over file
Senate Appropriations Bill Spends More Than Obama Requested But Trump Is Not A True Conservative!
Despite streak, Cruz still headed for convention clash with Trump
Wake up, Cruz and Kasich  the GOP convention will never nominate you
Hillary lets children ask her questions - for $2,700 apiece!
FBI recommends no charges to be filed against Clinton
Milo Has Been Suspended From Twitter
Top Republicans join Obama in condemning Trumps words
Missouri Republicans Want To Cut Mizzous Budget To Punish Peaceful Protesters
Cruz Slams Trump: Campaign Seems Incapable Of 'Running A Lemonade Stand'
Ted Cruz on CNBC's Squawkbox | April 15, 2016
2016 Delegate Count and Primary Results
As Establishment Empire Strikes Back, Voters Must Unite to Stop It
Obama Defends U.S. Approach to Countering Islamic State
Fox News shows empty Trump podium over Castro, Obama
Question for Trump supporters
Cruz opens huge lead over Trump in Utah
Anti-Trump forces contemplate the end
Growing chance of contested convention pushes campaigns to turn attention from voters to delegates
5 Facts You Need to Know About Obama's Supreme Court Justice nominee, Merrick Garland
Trump: I consult myself on foreign policy
Kasich 'very concerned' about Trump's comments about women
Hot mic catches Hillary calling Trump Dangerous
Say what?!?
5 numbers that will define next Tuesday's primaries
1948 pamphlet on the origins of the GOP
In the Final Hours, Jeb is Surrounded by Family
A G.O.P. Majority in New Hampshire Pipes Up: Were Not for Trump
Rand Paul Republican Debate Exclusion: Recent Polls Suggest Differently, Non-Fox Media Attention, And Pauls Alternate Stage
A gay man defends his right to keep and bear firearms
Haley swipes at Trump in State of the Union response
Recap of last night's Republican Debate (SAS Version)
Teen Thugs Threaten to Shoot Donald Trump in Rap Video
Watch "You Can't Stump the Trump Volume XXVII (You Can't Barrage the Farage)" on YouTube
Hillary pals around with Elie Wiesel-hating Blumenthal but hey, Trump tweeted a star
In 2008 Obama campaign booted 3 newspapers off his campaign plane
Five years in prison for Miami VA nurse who falsified medical record, leading to veteran's death
I welcome this new HIGH ENERGY change.
Trump: Democrats the party of slavery and Jim Crow
... Coming from /r/the_Donald and overe here there's no speak of what happened in Colorado. No primary and no caucus, Cruz gets all the delegates! What do you guys think about that?
Surprise!!!!
PIERS MORGAN on why Donald Trump Train's given the cocky, lazy, Washington elite the spanking it deserves
Gallup: Cruz favorability scores goes negative for first time as Trump gains popular approval among Republicans
Muslim Cleric Says He Wants Sharia Law in America
Targets of Trump's attacks fight back in D.C.; Companies know they can't afford to ignore the front-runner anymore
GOP panelists eager to scrap rule that helps Trump
Judge Orders Cleveland Mississippi to desegregate Schools
Is Paul Ryan throwing his hat in the ring?
Secret Service Officer Codie Hughes has saved three people from death in the past 18 months
Women loves Donald Trump
Hillary: Foreign Leaders Asking to Endorse Me to Stop Trump
Bill Clinton Victim Comes Forward For Reddit AMA
Obama marks Muslim holiday with call to accept refugees
Scott: Trump will win big in Florida
CHARLES HURT: Donald Trump forcing Republican Party to attack itself
Carly Fiorina: Ted Cruz will say anything to become president; Americans are tired of the political class.
Trump FP Advisor Walid Phares: A New U.S. Response to Upheaval in the Middle East
Here's A List Of The 17 Most Damaging WikiLeaks Emails Released So Far
Donald Trump Rally in Las Vegas, NV (6-18-16)
Theres No Way Hillary Is More Conservative Than Trump
The GOPs Mexico Derangement
Bernie Sanders on Racial Justice - Addressing Physical Violence (2) | The Mediators
Should Cruz pick his VP this week?
Ann Coulter on The John Gambling Show (3/31/2016)
Cruz talks up an RNC rule that would keep Kasich out of the convention
Quotes from Calvin Coolidge: Persistence
Clinton hits at DANGEROUS Brussels response by Trump and Cruz
Trumps foreign policy views: A sharp departure from GOP orthodoxy
Landlord Refuses To Rent Apartments To Anyone Who Supports Trump...
Endangered House Republicans: Trump who?
#NeverTrump Just Blew Its Best Chance To Stop Trump
Results Show How Donald Trump Can Win Majority of Delegates
Rubio vows to stay in even if he loses Florida
Trump backing from Christie opens access to donors, mainstream advisers
A question about the Supreme Court appointment from a Democrat.
"68% of Trumps supporters would vote for him if he bolts the GOP"
Republican 2016 Presidential Polls: Donald Trump, Ben Carson Both Suffer Huge Slides in Latest Reuters Survey
Wash. Post: Unhappy Establishment Republicans Want To Draft Romney
On top of one distortion, another one! NEWSBUSTERS: Spinning That Mexican Thing on Univision and Telemundo
Hillary Clinton is a ____: The Internet Speaks (and they aren't very polite)
Man Dressed as Woman Caught Taking Pictures of Actual Woman in Target Dressing Room
Students For Trump Grows To Fill College Republicans Role On Campus
Sheriffs rip Obama silence on murdered police, say he backs 'those that kill us'
Trump, in speech, attacks Clinton as 'world-class liar'
Trump Issues Scathing Statement About Loss In WI
Pro-Kasich super PAC hits 'Lyin' Ted'
LONDONISTAN !? the Saudi London Press: U.S. Blew Up World Trade Center To Create War On Terror. London-based Al-Hayat daily has claimed that the U.S. planned the attacks on the World Trade Center in order to create a global war on terror.
Wendys Serves Up Big Kiosk Expansion As Wage Hikes Hit Fast Food (Socialism in Action)
Islamist so called 'Refugees' threaten to throw babies over the side if boat turned back from Italy in the Med. Katie Hopkins quote 'Even animals defend their young.'
Fears of violent left-wing riots mount as Republican convention nears
Watch "You Can't Stump the Trump Volume XXIII (The Madman Rises)" on YouTube
Two left wing idiots!
Influence of Muslim-American Voters May Far Exceed Their Numbers
Soros Aims to Enlarge Electorate by 10 Million Voters by 2018
Trump decides he won't debate Bernie Sanders
Fight Over Delegate Rules Escalates for Both Parties
Cruz, Trump, Kasich scrounge for GOP convention delegates
Giuliani To Meet With Ted Cruz
Meet the Liberal Elite!
An Establishment Conservative's Guide To The Alt-Right [Yiannopoulos & Bokhari
Judge Napolitano Asks 'the $64,000 Question' After Brussels Terror Attack
The Lefts Plan to Cut Loose a Million Prisoners
Michelle Malkin Takes On Drudge For Cheap Tabloid Shot At Christians, Cruz [VIDEO
Rubio's campaign tells Ohio supporters to vote for Kasich
5 things to watch in tonight's GOP debate
Ted Cruz's tax plan
With Rand Paul gone, which candidate will ask the tough questions?
Republican State of Union Response Carried Amnesty Pledge in Spanish Version
If the GOP wants to know why it lost the Reagan Democrats, it is because the GOP exported their jobs to Mexico and China.
Republicans Attack Marco Rubios High Heels
Will the GOP Mount a Third-Party Challenge to Trump?
Fox News Poll: Trump jumps, Cruz climbs, Carson sinks in GOP race
Ben Carson blasts RNC, threatens to leave Republican Party
Dr Carson Endorses Donald J Trump!
Donald Trump Denounces War Party  Calls For Cooperation with Russia - Important distinction ignored by MSM morons
Republican Defeatism About Trump Not Warranted By Current Polling
Watch "You Can't Stump the Trump Volume XXI (The Ides Of Marco)" on YouTube
SNL Trump Impersonator: 'He's Most Positive Person I Have Ever Seen'...
"Sen. Rand Paul is the only candidate who continues to engage communities outside of the GOP's comfort zone.."
Trump Holds Big National Lead, Democratic Race Tightens
Watch "You Can't Stump the Trump Volume Volume XXIX (Total War)" on YouTube
Rudy Giuliani: Hillary Clinton 'too stupid to be President'
After the Islamist attacks in Florida by Omar Mateen Seddique, an Afghani American Muslim citizen born in New York. Will Cooper admit Anchor babies, Jihad babies, once thought unique to Europe... are a real thing. (TerrorAttack kills 50 people many fighting for lives in worst attack since 911)
Ryan: Trump 'comfortable' with my vision for GOP
Cruz: Kasich may be "auditioning" for Trump's VP role
Donald Trump Inches out Ted Cruz in Missouri
The GOPs stop-Trump movement is a pathetic joke
Jack Abramoff: I Was Imprisoned for Same Things Hillary Clinton Has Done
Trump spokeswoman Katrina Pierson: Media can no longer report Trump wont release his tax returns
9/11: Donald Trump 'lied about using $150,000 to help small businesses' after terror attacks
Dear Social Justice Warriors: Your Religion Is Progressivism, Not Judaism
1 in 10 Americans under the age of 18, rely on checks from Social Security.
Nancy Pelosi Refuses To Support DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz
Newly leaked Guccifer Documents reveal dem's playbook. repost from /r/sanders
Sen. Dan Sullivan: Obama Lowering Expectations for Economy
Survey on participation and views in the 2016 presidential primaries
Anyone else recognizing a pattern here?
Trump Needs to Pivot to the General Election Now
As of now, what is the Republican party?
TURKEY DEPORTED BRUSSELS BOMBER LAST YEAR!
Trump: Jeb endorsement hurts Cruz
Trump calls for tough U.S. border security after Brussels attacks
GOP, Don't Lose Out On The Energy Revolution
5 Reasons Hillary is Bad For Woman
Europe censoring internet? Inside the new EU 'hate speech' rules that Facebook & Twitter just agreed to
It's time that John Dropped out.
Hilary's new surrogate is a criminal back in Venezuela.
Hillary Clinton: My record as Secretary of State proves I take classified material seriously
Watch "You Can't Stump the Trump Volume XXVI (America First)" on YouTube
Ted Cruz dropping out of the Republican presidential race
Former Walker campaign manager signs on with Trump
To the mods: Add /r/randpaul to the notable republicans sidebar. You have christie and walker in there, Paul's subreddit is one of the biggest republican subreddits, 2nd only to /r/the_donald
Trump Getting 26% Of Black Vote  More Than Any Republican Since 1960
Even After Wisconsin=> Ted Cruz Will Be Knocked Out of Race By April 26  In Three Weeks
GOP Platform: Build the Wall!
7 [BLACK
Senate Republicans lean on Ryan to keep majority
Some Republicans Discuss Anti-Trump Convention Coup
Obamacare Premiums In California May Rise 8 Percent Next Year, State Predicts
Megyn Kelly teases Donald Trump interview
Eagles' Joe Walsh drops out of GOP convention show
Insiders To Trump: No Majority, No Nomination
Poll: 6-in-10 Republicans say no majority of delegates needed for nomination
Obama's former deputy CIA director: The terrorists are winning
The Economist rates Trump presidency among its top 10 global risks
National Review Doubles Down: 'Important to Say' White Working Class Communities 'Deserve to Die'
Insiders: Trump Will Sweep All But Ohio
Trump Campaign Denies Reporter Incident, Breitbart Suspends Another Reporter
Big-name legal scholars are giving validation to Donald Trump's attack against Ted Cruz
MEGADONORS beg Donald to accept there money, but he keeps #denying them.
Left-wing activists 'throw ROCKS at Trump supporters' as tensions boil over in Utah
Trump a good sport about Obamas Correspondents Dinner digs
Michigan Shows Trump Could Redraw Electoral Map vs. Clinton
Trump: Cruz, Kasich must endorse or no convention slot
Obama Privately Tells Donors That Time Is Coming to Unite Behind Hillary Clinton
Forbes: "The red states arent in fact poorer than the blue states. Theyre richer"
Donald Trump Delivers Remarks at Charter School in Cleveland, OH 9/8/16
'Dump Trump' RNC Delegate Leader: We 'Have The 28 Votes' To Unbind Delegates
Russia 'is poised to release emails from Hillary Clinton's private server' report claims
Democrat Harold Ford: Trump becoming more formidable - "Donald Trump will be a tough opponent between now and November,"
Get back in your box Negro: A series highlighting intellectuals attack on conservative minorities (re-upload)
Exclusive: Marco Rubio rejected 'unity ticket' with Ted Cruz
Oil industry dreads Trump-Clinton choice
Limbaugh: Jeb Bush could mount a convention comeback
Grieving Mom Responds To Kasich's Amnesty-In-100-Days Pledge: Visit Grave Of My Murdered Child
GOP superlawyer on contested convention rule: 'In fact, that's not a rule'
Trump just won South Carolina. These charts show how huge that is.
Jeb Bush's saddest rally yet involves him begging audience members to clap
CNN Correspondent Collaborated with Hillary Clinton Team to Denigrate Rand Paul
GOP will hold the Senate in '16 - "Senate Democrats, routed in 2014, have instead doubled down on failure and thats why they will fail, and Republicans will win again in 2016."
Tim Kaine Dines with George Soros Son as Donald Trumps Rise Terrifies Elite
Trump's secret weapon is Ivanka
Donald Trump Rally in Lynden, WA (5-7-16)
Former Facebook Workers: We Routinely Suppressed Conservative News
BlackLivesMatter Terrorist online Threatens to Kill Donald Trump, His Daughter, and Wife
I'm an atheist who has always hated the religious right. But I'm beginning to think they were on to something.
Donald Trump Campaign Event in Sandown, NH 10/6/16
A Site to Help Get Wedding Bells Ringing and Ringing and Ringing
Petition to indict Hillary Clinton for committing fraud against the United States.
'HUNTED' Brussels Suicide Brothers Abandoned Crime For Jihad
TRUMP TELLS MAUREEN WHATS NEXT FOR HRC
The American People Have Figured Out Theyve Been Screwed By Free Trade
Rand Paul To Spend His Every Waking Hour Trying To Stop Trump
So called "Refugees" do military exercises behind German grocery store. Will Europe's problems soon arrive on the shores of the USA?
Trump's real magic number is less than 1,237 [Unbound delegates shifting to Trump
Data Shows that Police are not Racially Biased
As Harry Reid Departs, Trump Threatens to Strip Nevada from the Democrats
DeLay: Cruz Must Sue Over Affair Allegations or Risk Presidential Bid
Rand Paul Mocks Hillary Clinton For Spending $90,000 on a Campaign Playlist, Offers His Own List For Her
Protesters Fail to Disrupt Donald Trump in Tucson After Earlier Phoenix Chaos
The New Republican Party
Obama Doubles Down on Bringing Refugees Into U.S. EVEN AFTER BRUSSELS ATTACKS
Hillary campaign gave $50 million to "Get our Jobs Back" Superpac, managed by convicted Ponzi schemer Stephen Hoffenberg
Trump's Campaign Manager Won't Be Prosecuted; Charges dropped against Lewandoski
Michigan GOP: Leave Trump's delegates alone
Watch "You Can't Stump the Trump Volume XXII (#CallBrussels)" on YouTube
Dead heat: Trump, Clinton tied in 3 swing-state polls
Facebook denies censoring conservative news
The 9 worst predictions about Trump's rise to the top
Research backs Kasich's warning-"Kasichs response was blunt. He failed to attach the usual politically correct stipulation, The victim is never to blame, though he did later qualify his statement. Nevertheless, this was superb advice that has been bequeathed by countless parents as common sense."
And the Indiana winner for president is...John Kasich?-All three candidates could walk away with a share of Indiana's delegates.
I made an app that plays Trump quotes. It's free.
Romney's memoirs leaked online
Got stuck behind HRC's North Carolina campaign chairman in traffic today. #WhichHillary
Rand Paul is a Reagan Republican
Do women actually make "77 cents on the dollar"?
Neil Degrasse Tyson sticks up for Trump
Donald Trump Releases Plan to Make Mexico Pay for Border Wall
Who said it, Trump or Clinton? Democrats Can't Decide
After #BlackOlivesMatter, this needs to be said, again.
Former CO GOP Chair: Message We're Sending Is "Your Vote Doesn't Matter And Your Voice Doesn't Count"
Trump to supporters in Waukesha: I will fight for you harder than anyone has ever fought for you before
Judge Jeanine - Bill & Hillary Clinton 'The Bonnie and Clyde" of American Politics
4 Highlights From RNC
Bobby Knight to campaign with Trump
Ryan On GOP Nomination Talk: Get My Name Out Of That
Apopka polling places run out of Republican ballots
Politics Trump has lit a fire. Can it be contained?
Bobby Jindal drops out of race.
Great bumper sticker...
Trump Had The 4 Biggest Moments Of The Debate, According To Facebook
Joe Biden OUTS Military Aide Carrying NUCLEAR FOOTBALL while criticizing Trump for poor judgement
A Letter From An Ex-Liberal: An Acknowledgement Of Vacuousness
Donald Trump and Marco Rubio Are Playing Nice
Rumble: Whos Paul Ryan kidding w/his poverty program?
Donald Trump Rally in Omaha, NE (5-6-16)
PAUL RYAN LAYS IT ON THE LINE: The new speaker makes clear in a speech he's disturbed by the state of the GOP and American politics.
SHOCK VIDEO: Protester beheads Trump effigy hanging from noose
VA Whistleblowers Accuse Duckworth of Ignoring Veteran Abuse, Corruption. The whistleblowers claim the congresswoman did little to deal with their claims of mistreatment, abuse and corruption
Limbaugh: Democrats ruined the presidency long before Trump
Republicans will miss Rand Pauls voice in the presidential race
Donald Trump Says Hillary Clinton Mistreated Husbands Female Accusers-Describing Mrs. Clinton as an enabler, he added, Some of these women were destroyed, not by him, but by the way that Hillary Clinton treated them after everything went down.
Donald Trump challenges Hillary Clinton to release detailed medical records
Donald Trump rips GOP rivals who broke pledge
The Pathology Of The Conservative Mind - Social Matter
Ted Cruz: I Have Zero Interest Whatsoever in Being Donald Trumps VP Pick
Brexit must be upheld!
5 EU lies proven wrong
Like Trump, Right Should Speak To Forgotten Fishtowns
Alton Sterling, Philando Castile, and the Supposed War on Blacks
The New GOP Establishment Playbook: Scorch the Earth
Gov. Walker signs bill creating teacher license based on experience
Folks Before Kochs
Rand Paul poised to stage massive upset in Iowa
Poll: US Troops Prefer Donald Trump to Hillary by 2-1 Margin
RED ALERT: See The Video of Hillary Collapsing That Is Being Censored
Donald Trump on torture: 'We have to beat the savages'
Trump poised for a winning spree. [When your enemies at Politico say that it means something
Senator Scott (Republican, South Carolina) Shares Personal Experiences with Law Enforcement Officers as Black Man on Senate Floor
Ben Carson Predicts Republican Armageddon...and He's Right! | Under the Red Sun
Marine Death From Islamic State Attack a First for U.S. in Iraq
LIVE: TRUMP NORTH CAROLINA RALLY
Top Arab-American city backs Trump, Sanders...
Poll: Trump dominating Rubio in Florida, Kasich in Ohio
Paul Ryan Booed At Trump Rally In His Hometown
Hillary Clinton: Illegal Immigrants Should Be Allowed to Get Obamacare
GOP Turnout, Already Strong, Is Getting Stronger
Bill Clinton Mocks "The Coal People" who oppose Hillary Clinton (BEST VERSION)
Donald Trump Rally in Raleigh, NC (7-5-16)
Donald Trump Wins: The Realignment is Here
Obama: I 'Guarantee' Justice Dept. Wont Protect Hillary
Clinton to use AIPAC speech to bash Trump
Hillary Clinton Kicks Out Interviewer Who Called Her 'Monica'
Don Rickles Roast Ronald Reagan
Socialism: Venezuela army deployed to control food production and distribution
Eloquent and simple Op Ed by Jeff Sessions on Trump's conservatism
Trump on Romney: 'Are you sure he's a Mormon?'
Top conservatives gather to plot third-party run against Trump
Trump blames Sanders supporters for Chicago unrest; protester tries to rush stage
Ben Carson endorses Donald Trump
Cruz rules out third-party bid
Suspicious Letter Containing White Powder Sent to Donald Trump's Son
Spokesman: RNC would support Trump '100 percent'
VIDEO UNEARTHED=> Pastor Calls for Execution of Gays  Then Introduces Ted Cruz at Conference
Anti-Trump protesters take the night off as the Donald speaks for an hour in Ohio with ZERO interruptions  and hammers Buckeye State opponent: 'Kasich cannot make America great again'
Trump Calls Geneva Conventions 'The Problem'
Trump, Cruz, Kasich ALL Back Down From RNC Pledge To Support Republican Candidate Regardless Of Who It Is
Assessing Trumps Path to 1,237: A look at the remaining contests shows how he could get there
Full Republican Debate in Detroit, Michigan (3-3-2016)
Editor Milo Yiannopoulos challenges Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg to a debate. Milo as I recall is a tech writer, maybe gay, very conservative and maybe anti-immigration since he writes for 'Breitbart'...it should make for an interesting debate.
Protester Interrupts Bill Clinton With A 'Bill Is A Rapist' Sign
Trump honors 'truly great American patriot' Phyllis Schlafly
Patriots Must Carry Trump Across The Finish Line - As a black American, it is insulting hearing Hillary pander and talk down to black audiences. Using her best colored people accent, Hillary spouted, I don't feel no ways tired.
Trump to campaign in Paul Ryan's backyard
Trump: I want a 'Knockout' in Ohio and Florida
After terror events like San Bernardino and Paris attacks, Marvel comics compares people who criticize illegal islamist immigration to the RedSkull attacking the Jewish people
PIERS MORGAN: When it comes to terror, isnt it time we started listening seriously to Trump?
Obama and media eerily silent on monumental Mideast catastrophe
Watch "Volume 23 WORLD PREMIER TRAILER" on YouTube
Rubio suspends presidential campaign
Conservatives align with Black Lives Matter in rush to find blame for Chicago protests
The Truth About the Anti-Trump Chicago Riot
Gary Johnson: 'I would sign the TPP.'
Clinton campaign responds to reports that Gennifer Flowers may attend the debate as Trump's guest
New Vice-Chair of DNC has corruption issues too!
Trump adviser threatens to leave GOP 'forever'
Newt Gingrich: If Trump Wins Big in Florida, They Won't Be Able to Stop Him
Republicans sue State Department for Clinton emails
With Trump Their Nominee, Republicans Make Case for Him Over Clinton
Pence: Trump won, 'proud to stand' with him
Giuliani on rigged election: 'Dead people generally vote for Democrats'
Democratic Operative Explains Voter Fraud: We've Been Bussing People In For Fifty Years
Right now Hillary Clinton is a greater threat to our national well-being than Donald Trump. Throughout her time in politics, she has shown terrible judgment and little regard for the truth...
Could Trump Pull Off a Surprise Last-Minute Victory? Two Reputable Pollsters Say Yes.
Surprise!!!!
Jack Abramoff: I Was Imprisoned for Same Things Hillary Clinton Has Done
Trump Had The 4 Biggest Moments Of The Debate, According To Facebook
Presidential Temperament
Hillary campaign gave $50 million to "Get our Jobs Back" Superpac, managed by convicted Ponzi schemer Stephen Hoffenberg
Creamer Confirms Hillary Clinton Was PERSONALLY Involved in hiring Fake Protesters
Upvote to watch everyone that speech was AMAZEBALLLLLS!!!! Trump Florida Speech (10/13/2016)
Watch: New Bombshell video just released by James O'Keefe on Mass Voter Fraud
The Bully Party
Obama and media eerily silent on monumental Mideast catastrophe
Watch "You Can't Stump the Trump Volume Volume XXIX (Total War)" on YouTube
Protester Interrupts Bill Clinton With A 'Bill Is A Rapist' Sign
Republican Defeatism About Trump Not Warranted By Current Polling
TRUMP 2016 - The Road To The White House
On top of one distortion, another one! NEWSBUSTERS: Spinning That Mexican Thing on Univision and Telemundo
Why This Libertarian Supports Trump
Hillary Clinton demands answers and Democrats call foul as FBI reopens email investigation over file
A London-based company, Smartmatic International, is providing voting machines for 16 states, and its chairman, Lord Mark Malloch-Brown, is tied to George Soros, a billionaire and political activist with deep ties to Hillary Clinton
Watch as he talks about how Hillary Clinton has done everything in her power to silence him and his mother, and to make sure he never meets his father. Lets EXPOSE HER!
Voter Fraud is real, and here is how they do it.
Improper Recycling Could Land You in Jail: How Overcriminalization Threatens Everyone
States unprepared for Election Day cyber attack.A POLITICO survey of battleground state election officials paints a troubling picture.
Trump: I'm Going To Figure Out What "Sinister Deal" Paul Ryan Made With The Establishment
Decision 2016: A Guide for Hillary &amp; Trump Voters
Group of Democrats Rise Above Partisan Politics and Raise $13K to Reopen Torched GOP Office
Some of Hillary's crimes are so abnormal we can't even describe them using current vocabulary. So here is a new word - "hirotten - to personally benefit by helping a rapist."
Donald Trump Campaign Event in Sandown, NH 10/6/16
Want to save America? Read your local paper.
Democrats Admit To Inciting Violence And 'Anarchy' At Trump Rallies
Religious leaders slam Clinton campaign over emails
Honest question: "GOP - The party of family values" ?
How will tonight's debate affect voter support? Lessons from Donald Trump's slowdown on social media after the first debate
"We were lied to by EU, not Brexit campaign!"
How to Make Conservatism Great Again
FACT CHECK: Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton's Final Presidential Debate (From an Economic Perspective)
Don't let these MPs block Brexit!
Rigging the Election - Video I: Clinton Campaign and DNC Incite Violence at Trump Rallies
A way to encourage local government
An Analysis of the Clinton-Trump debate (From an economic perspective)
Michael Ledeen: How We Can Win the Global War Against Radical Islam
DNC Schemes to Bully Women at Trump Rally
Giuliani on Trump groping allegations: 'I believe Donald Trump'
Donald Trump Rally in Portsmouth, NH 10/15/16
Two left wing idiots!
Clinton Unveils Contemptuous Plan for Basement-Dwelling Millennials
Trump FP Advisor Walid Phares: A New U.S. Response to Upheaval in the Middle East
Here's A List Of The 17 Most Damaging WikiLeaks Emails Released So Far
Trump: "Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning @NCGOP"
88 US Generals Stand Together Against Hillary Clinton In One Massive Act Of Defiance
The Citizens United "Scare. Who Really Benefits? So Far, Democrats Mainly.
Hillary Clintons Tax Plan Would Increase Taxes by $1.4 Trillion Over the Next Decade
Theresa May Brexit hero
How the Media is Deceiving You!
Cybersecurity experts discuss the security of Americas electronic voting systems by breaking down vulnerabilities at the state, local and manufacturer level
We want Brexit success - Change Britain
Unconscionable.
O'Reilly: At Least 3 Media Orgs Have 'Ordered Employees to Destroy Trump'
Leaked Email Shows [Some
The Bonfire of the Hypocrisies
Why The Left Should Also Worry About Trumpism
Sowell: Words versus deeds
A change our tax code NEEDS
Robert Reilly: The Closing of the Muslim Mind
More Republicans expect Clinton, rather than Trump, to win U.S. election
Take a break from the rhetoric and check out ASIs video of the top 10 wackiest political swag of 2016. Trump socks? Chia Hillary? Talking/laughing pens? Crazy, but true.
Another (Pointless) Warning to the GOP
Hillarys Values Vs Trumps America (hillary Clinton)
Republicans: Did this debate moment have any effect on your views toward Donald Trump?
Report: Breitbart coordinated with liberal activist to take down Rubio, Cruz
Report: Breitbart coordinated with liberal activist to take down Rubio, Cruz
More Republicans expect Clinton, rather than Trump, to win U.S. election
Unconscionable.
Clinton Unveils Contemptuous Plan for Basement-Dwelling Millennials
Rigging the Election - Video I: Clinton Campaign and DNC Incite Violence at Trump Rallies
Republicans: Did this debate moment have any effect on your views toward Donald Trump?
Some of Hillary's crimes are so abnormal we can't even describe them using current vocabulary. So here is a new word - "hirotten - to personally benefit by helping a rapist."
Why The Left Should Also Worry About Trumpism
88 US Generals Stand Together Against Hillary Clinton In One Massive Act Of Defiance
Another (Pointless) Warning to the GOP
Decision 2016: A Guide for Hillary &amp; Trump Voters
Upvote to watch everyone that speech was AMAZEBALLLLLS!!!! Trump Florida Speech (10/13/2016)
Donald Trump Rally in Portsmouth, NH 10/15/16
Trump: I'm Going To Figure Out What "Sinister Deal" Paul Ryan Made With The Establishment
We want Brexit success - Change Britain
"We were lied to by EU, not Brexit campaign!"
FACT CHECK: Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton's Final Presidential Debate (From an Economic Perspective)
Voter Fraud is real, and here is how they do it.
Right now Hillary Clinton is a greater threat to our national well-being than Donald Trump. Throughout her time in politics, she has shown terrible judgment and little regard for the truth...
Hillary Clintons Tax Plan Would Increase Taxes by $1.4 Trillion Over the Next Decade
Theresa May Brexit hero
Watch: New Bombshell video just released by James O'Keefe on Mass Voter Fraud
Democrats Admit To Inciting Violence And 'Anarchy' At Trump Rallies
Religious leaders slam Clinton campaign over emails
Why This Libertarian Supports Trump
Democratic Operative Explains Voter Fraud: We've Been Bussing People In For Fifty Years
Giuliani on Trump groping allegations: 'I believe Donald Trump'
A London-based company, Smartmatic International, is providing voting machines for 16 states, and its chairman, Lord Mark Malloch-Brown, is tied to George Soros, a billionaire and political activist with deep ties to Hillary Clinton
Watch as he talks about how Hillary Clinton has done everything in her power to silence him and his mother, and to make sure he never meets his father. Lets EXPOSE HER!
Hillarys Values Vs Trumps America (hillary Clinton)
Creamer Confirms Hillary Clinton Was PERSONALLY Involved in hiring Fake Protesters
How to Make Conservatism Great Again
An Analysis of the Clinton-Trump debate (From an economic perspective)
Presidential Temperament
Want to save America? Read your local paper.
Honest question: "GOP - The party of family values" ?
How will tonight's debate affect voter support? Lessons from Donald Trump's slowdown on social media after the first debate
The Bonfire of the Hypocrisies
Sowell: Words versus deeds
Giuliani on rigged election: 'Dead people generally vote for Democrats'
DNC hires fake protestors to Incite Violence at Trump Rallies
Pence: Trump won, 'proud to stand' with him
Could Trump Pull Off a Surprise Last-Minute Victory? Two Reputable Pollsters Say Yes.
The Bully Party
Hillary Clinton demands answers and Democrats call foul as FBI reopens email investigation over file
Surprise!!!!
Trump FP Advisor Walid Phares: A New U.S. Response to Upheaval in the Middle East
Here's A List Of The 17 Most Damaging WikiLeaks Emails Released So Far
On top of one distortion, another one! NEWSBUSTERS: Spinning That Mexican Thing on Univision and Telemundo
Two left wing idiots!
Republican Defeatism About Trump Not Warranted By Current Polling
Watch "You Can't Stump the Trump Volume Volume XXIX (Total War)" on YouTube
Jack Abramoff: I Was Imprisoned for Same Things Hillary Clinton Has Done
Donald Trump Campaign Event in Sandown, NH 10/6/16
Hillary campaign gave $50 million to "Get our Jobs Back" Superpac, managed by convicted Ponzi schemer Stephen Hoffenberg
Trump Had The 4 Biggest Moments Of The Debate, According To Facebook
Protester Interrupts Bill Clinton With A 'Bill Is A Rapist' Sign
Obama and media eerily silent on monumental Mideast catastrophe
Robert Reilly: The Closing of the Muslim Mind
States unprepared for Election Day cyber attack.A POLITICO survey of battleground state election officials paints a troubling picture.
TRUMP 2016 - The Road To The White House
How the Media is Deceiving You!
Cybersecurity experts discuss the security of Americas electronic voting systems by breaking down vulnerabilities at the state, local and manufacturer level
The Citizens United "Scare. Who Really Benefits? So Far, Democrats Mainly.
Take a break from the rhetoric and check out ASIs video of the top 10 wackiest political swag of 2016. Trump socks? Chia Hillary? Talking/laughing pens? Crazy, but true.
DNC Schemes to Bully Women at Trump Rally
Don't let these MPs block Brexit!
Group of Democrats Rise Above Partisan Politics and Raise $13K to Reopen Torched GOP Office
O'Reilly: At Least 3 Media Orgs Have 'Ordered Employees to Destroy Trump'
Leaked Email Shows [Some
Improper Recycling Could Land You in Jail: How Overcriminalization Threatens Everyone
A way to encourage local government
A change our tax code NEEDS
Michael Ledeen: How We Can Win the Global War Against Radical Islam
Merrick Garland Deserves a VoteFor Democracys Sake. By Barack Obama
I am German, please explain to me why Trump is being taken seriously.
Why is there such a visceral hatred of Hillary Clinton?
"When politics becomes fundamentally unreal, the nature of political decision-making changes. Everything is fiction, so voters can only choose the fiction that best suits their taste and aligns with their self-image. Thus politics becomes devoured entirely by personal aesthetics." - Ned Resnikoff
How Russian propaganda in the form of falsified emails made it into the stump speech of the Republican Presidential candidate.
I Miss Barack Obama
15 years later, we're still fighting in Afghanistan, and no one seems to care.
President Obama regrets filibustering the nomination of Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito in 2006, his top spokesman said Wednesday, though he maintains that the Republican opposition to his effort to replace Justice Antonin Scalia is unprecedented.
Most Republicans Feel Embarrassed by Campaign
The lockdown by mods of the New Years gang assaults is playing right into negative perceptions of censorship. The discussion, no matter how ugly, needs to proceed unimpeded!
This is not 2000 all over...
Youre Asian, Right? Why Are You Even Here?; What I learned when I was attackedand sparedbecause of my race at a Black Lives Matter protest.
User asks Quora: Why am I now drawn to Donald Trump for President despite the fact that I originally thought he was a joke? Tom Klein Answers (as one does on Quora.) "Because you are a primate."
Hillary Clinton celebrates victory. Sanders says: Next Tuesday we continue the fight, in the last primary, in Washington, D.C.,
"Corruption Is Not A Type Of Petty Crime But A Tool Of Power, In Both Democracies And Dictatorships"
Hillary ducked a question I really would have liked an answer to...
Your Surgeon Is Probably a Republican, Your Psychiatrist Probably a Democrat
Trump dropped 15% in prediction markets in three days, why is that?
Six reasons for Trump's rise that no one talks about. (Bear with the new title, the article is more evenhanded)
Were the Only Plane in the Sky: Where was the president in the eight hours after the Sept. 11 attacks? The strange, harrowing journey of Air Force One, as told by the people who were on board.
The Summer of the Shill; Campaign 2016 won't just have lasting implications for American politics. It's obliterated what was left of our news media
Jeb Bushs breathtaking campaign implosion: How a GOP front-runner became the please clap candidate
CNN Parts Ways With Donna Brazile After Debate Questions Were Provided to Clinton
Trump is the GOPs Frankenstein monster. Now hes strong enough to destroy the party.
Donald Trump is well on his way to the 1,237 delegates he needs to be the GOP nominee
Iraq declares Ramadi liberated from Islamic State
Kenyan Muslims shield Christians in Mandera bus attack
Two Women Say Donald Trump Touched Them Inappropriately
I Ran the C.I.A. Now Im Endorsing Hillary Clinton.
State Dept. Audit Faults Hillary Clinton in Emails
Im a Republican. You Couldnt Pay Me to Vote for Trump.
Supporters Of Trump - Who was the last Republican you supported and why?
Gary Johnson can't name a single foreign leader he admires, admits to having "an Aleppo moment"
Bill Clintons Meeting With Loretta Lynch Causes Stir in Both Parties: Ms. Lynch oversees the Justice Department, which oversees the F.B.I., which is looking into the circumstances around Hillary Clintons use of a private email
I've always voted Republican, but will never vote for Trump or Cruz. Please pitch me on your candidate!
The Seven Habits of Highly Depolarizing People: How to make friends and influence people on the other side of the aisle.
Who replaces Justice Scalia?
Hillary Immediately Brings Disgraced DNC Chair Onto Her Campaign
Why do people think that Trump fans were the problem in Chicago this last weekend?
What Ted Cruz saying he wants to return to the gold standard says about him.
What would be the most realistic path for a GOP victory in 2020 should Trump lose?
National Review, conservative thinkers stand against Trump
Hagel: The White House Tried to Destroy Me; In an exclusive interview, Chuck Hagel said the Obama administration micromanaged the Pentagon, stabbed him in the back on the way out -- and still has no strategy for fixing Syria.
Four US states demand restraining order to stop internet power handover to ICANN
Donald Trump says he will sue all women accusing him of sexual harassment
Why are Democrats so shocked at Trump's allegations of election fraud? Don't most Democrats think 2000 was stolen in Florida, and many think 2004 was stolen in Ohio?
Our political parties are based more and more on absurd tribalism
Obama Cites Lack of Day After Plan in Libya as Biggest Mistake
Brexit: What happens now?
Trump, Sanders explore an unconventional presidential debate
Ecuador acknowledges restricting Assange's internet amid Clinton leaks
Obamacare Is Stuck in a Feedback Loop of Bad Policy and Bad Politics
Two Russian warplanes flew simulated attack passes near a U.S. guided missile destroyer in the Baltic Sea on Tuesday, the U.S. military said, with one official describing them as one of the most aggressive interactions in recent memory.
In America's current polarizing political scene, is there any argument that could make a Bernie supporter condone or even understand Trump and his supporters? Or vice versa? Have we lost the ability to communicate ideas over party lines? What can be done?
FBI announces that it is reviewing new evidence in its investigation into her use of a private email server as Secretary of State.
When the Suspect Is an Armed Black Man -- and the Cop Is Black
What policy issues show the greatest generational divide?
Emails Released by WikiLeaks Appear to Show DNC Trying to Aid Hillary Clinton
Bernie Sanders: Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president
This year my family joined millions of others whose health-insurance premium has become their biggest annual expense.
Scalias death plunges court, national politics into turmoil - Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) said in a statement that the Senate controlled by his party should not confirm a replacement for Scalia until after the election.
Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder excluded from congressional hearing on Flint water
France Is Asking Everyone for Help in Its War Against ISIS
Forget Trumps temperament and Clintons stamina. Voters care less and less about candidates personalities
The Big Sort: Why the Clustering of Like-Minded America Is Tearing Us Apart [LONG
Request: Subs featuring informed, conservative political discussion
Why should Guantanamo Bay NOT be closed?
Donald Trump says he has "never met" Vladimir Putin
Remember When Donald Trump Said National Borders Were A Bad Idea?
Donald Trump Has Delegate Majority for Republican Nomination, The A.P. Says
Bernie Sanders celebrates Indiana win, criticizes closed primaries
My thoughts on Cruz choosing Fiorina as his running mate
Congress overrides Obama veto of Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act
The State of the Presidential Debate
Does anybody know where I can find a good written/recorded debate between a moderate left-winger and a moderate right-winger?
WAPO Fact Checker: Clintons claim that the FBI director said her email answers were truthful
Is universal backlash against third-party support merited?
For Trump, the GOP is no longer the party of Bush
Gary Johnson could give us President Paul Ryan: Here is the math.
The Jacksonian creed was "Opportunity for all, favoritism to none." This is a message that should resonate today.
The Obama Doctrine
How do we deal with the growing disconnect between the US military and the US people?
What do you think of an increased tax on gasoline in order to help fund public transportation and reduce urban sprawl?
Read the Interview Where Gary Johnson Asked What Aleppo Is
Did you "Feel The Bern"? Are you now "With Her?"
Moderates of Reddit, who are you voting for, and WHY?
Trump Campaign Manager Was a Foreign Agent for Controversial Saudi Prince
US struggles to convince Iraqis it doesn't support IS
A veteran's view on the nra and the sad state of gun violence in this country
As The Race Tightens, Dont Assume The Electoral College Will Save Clinton
Colin Powell Says Hillary Clinton's 'People Have Been Trying to Pin' Email Scandal on Him
Im the shooter. Its me, the man said. I am the shooter. I did it for ISIS, the caller said, according to Gentili, I did it for the Islamic State.
Isn't it interesting...
Duterte aligns Philippines with China, says U.S. has lost
Are Gary Johnson and Jill Stein hurting each other?
U.S. Sent Cash to Iran as Americans Were Freed; Obama administration insists there was no quid pro quo, but critics charge payment amounted to ransom
Free Spaces Not Safe Spaces
There is a way out of this Trump nightmare and it goes through the Valley
As moderates, how do you feel about the republican debate moderators appearing to have an agenda against Trump?
Which presidential candidate's message resonates with you the most and why?
Why has the number of banks in the US decreased every quarter since the 1980s?
Officials: San Bernardino shooter apparently radicalized, in touch with terror subjects
When Debbie Wasserman Schultz resigned as DNC Chair, she was named Honorary Chair of Clinton's 50-State Program. Now that Clinton is doing more down-ballot campaigning, do we know whether DWS is actually doing work on that effort?
Cybersecurity experts discuss the security of Americas electronic voting systems by breaking down vulnerabilities at the state, local and manufacturer level
Election systems in the United States, specifically e-voting machines, are extremely vulnerable to manipulation by computer hackers and outside adversaries, a report released Monday reveals
Has there ever been a "Bombshell" in any candidate's tax returns?
UN says violence suffered by civilians in Iraq "remains staggering", with at least 18,800 killed and 3.2 million displaced internally between 1 January 2014 and 31 October 2015.
Trump Tours Flood Damage in Louisiana
Nigel Farage's first speech to the European Parliament after Brexit vote  full transcript
Trump Campaign Manager Corey Lewandowski Ousted: Trump's top strategist, Paul Manafort, will be moved into the campaign manager role, two sources tell NBC News.
In light of the 2016 primary debacle, what is your Ideal voting system reform?
Government and industry leaders assess the state of federal cybersecurity one-year after the discovery of the OPM breach, discussing the importance of cyber hygiene, new federal cybersecurity initiatives and long-term resiliency opportunities
Bernie Sanders digs in
Ted Cruz drops presidential bid
An idea to get everyone to confront their erroneous political biases and come to grips with the facts.
Australian Federal government's 'no jab, no pay' welfare law sparks run on vaccines, gets children their first shots.
Iraqi government forces are advancing into the centre of the city of Ramadi, which is controlled by jihadist group Islamic State (IS), officials say.
U.S. Increases Special Operations Forces Fighting ISIS in Iraq
Clintons Campaign is having to answer for $12 million the Clinton Foundation received from the king of Morocco.
The 7 must-read passages in the Benghazi report: From the video conference that was convened as the attack was underway to the unlikely assistance the Americans received that night.
US election: Why has Trump caught Clinton in the polls?
Paul Ryan: 'I'm just not ready' to back Donald Trump... And we've got a ways to go from here to there,"
Bernie Sanderss Supporters Consider Where to Turn if His Bid Fails
Arizona op-ed on being ignored in elections
Why do Iowa and NH always get to choose first?
Let's talk about Michael Bloomberg
North Korea Says It Has Detonated Its First Hydrogen Bomb
ISIS is sending "suicide squads" from Syria to its Iraqi stronghold of Mosul, witnesses have told CNN, as tens of thousands of troops close in on the key city to take it from the militant group's control.
Clinton Back on Campaign Trail After Releasing Health Info
Vehicle-miles traveled (VMT) tax pilots seek solution to falling gas-tax revenues for federal Highway Trust Fund
Full text: Donald Trump 2016 RNC draft speech transcript
Trump names Pence as running mate
Ruth Bader Ginsburg Expresses Regret for Criticizing Trump
Why are people so against outsourcing?
Let Me Ask America a Question - By Donald J. Trump
Ted Cruz agrees that, 'It doesn't make sense to hold a hearing' for Obama's nominee
Health Law Tax Penalty? I'll Take It, Millions Say
Any good website (or image) that categorizes/explains ALL political terms like Authoritarianism, Libertarian, Fascist, Communist, and things like that? I want to learn the difference between those terms.
Theresa May promised to build a "better Britain" and to make the UK's EU exit a "success" after she was announced as the new Tory leader and soon-to-be PM.
An expensive reminder that Sanders still hasnt dropped out: His Secret Service detail
Maybe what's missing from the election is genuine conversation
Asked a question on /r/SandersForPresident, had post removed without explanation, reposting here
ISIS Grip on Libyan City Gives It a Fallback Option
Why Aetna is pulling back, big-time, from Obamacare markets now
Newly Released Emails Highlight Clinton Foundations Ties to State Department
I made this (iOS) app to let you track and vote along with your representative to see if they actually represent you. I'd love to get any feedback you guys might have. Thanks!
AP Interview: In pursuit of GOP unity, Ryan endorses Trump
Are liberals or conservatives more likely to acknowledge their own biases?
Discussion - With a NY Times endorsement, is John Kasich moderate enough for democrats of Reddit?
Libyan Lawmakers Reject U.N.-Backed Unity Government
Creeping Incrementalism: U.S. Strategy in Iraq and Syria from 2011 to 2015
7 things you should know about Tim Kaine
Full transcript: Donald Trump NYC speech on stakes of the election
Theory - the election process is broken because of moderates
If the US political parties are are broken as they seem to be, why do we not see a third party developing?
Can someone help me understand what I perceive as hypocrisy in the Republican platform?
This bill has been proposed in South Dakota recently, and I'd like to hear some opinions.
What makes American government broken?
Why the vice-presidential debate matters
Why Donald Trump strikes a chord with Russians
DHS Removes Nearly 1,000 Suspected Terrorists From Database
6 Crazy Things That Could Happen This Presidential Election
Who will most likely win the presidential election in your opinion?
Statement by FBI Director James B. Comey on the Investigation of Secretary Hillary Clintons Use of a Personal E-Mail System
A moderate's podcast: respectful discussion between a republican and democrat
Created this website for tracking tweets posted by various candidates. Let me know if you want me to include a candidate.
Is this the year? Momentum's building to legalize pot in California
With Trump all but clinching the GOP nomination, we look back at the greatly exaggerated reports of his political demise.
When Donald Trump clinches the nomination, will his media coverage change? Predict how in this thread!
[Serious
Is the Republican base getting more aggressive?
State Department officials call for U.S. military action against Assad regime
'Why Leaders Lie'  Group Read at r/NonFictionBookClub
US, Other Powers Want to Arm Libyan Government
Islamic State announced the formation of a caliphate in the heart of the Middle East in June 2014. Here is a look at their 2016 foothold outside of Syria and Iraq.
The structure of the US primary system is the reason for our problems
Why would the RNC want Kasich out over Cruz?
The Die-Hard Republicans Who Say #NeverTrump
A Political Sim for the Politically savvy! (I promise, it's great)
Trump says Cruz 'stole' Iowa election; Sanders mulls challenge
Manufacturing Consent group read at r/NonFictionBookClub
Mali Hotel Attack Leaves Dozens Dead, Including an American
Clinton / Trump biography recommendations
News sources
Trumps recent gun control comments
John Kasich is dropping out of the Republican presidential race, two sources familiar with the plan confirmed to CNN.
Why do States like Alabama, Mississippi, etc. hold so much weight in Democratic primaries?
As far as I have heard neither Hillary, nor Trump (current front runners) have declared their VP. Do candidates usually not declare that until the convention? When is the traditional point in time to announce it?
What version of Moderate is this subreddit?
The Importance of Art and the American Education System
Will Trump or Clinton win? The 11 states deciding the race
Germany Put on Edge After Unprecedented String of Attacks
Terrorist Attack in Nice, France, Leaves 84 Dead and 202 Injured
Is there actually a way to add due process to the watch list system?
Man Arrested at Rally Tells Authorities He Wanted to Kill Donald Trump: He said he chose the specific officer because he noticed that her holster was in an unlocked position.
There's been a huge increase in mass shootings after 2011. Any ideas on why?
What Would a Positive Ad for Donald Trump Look Like? Let's try and imagine it.
I'm a 26 year old moderate with a Masters degree in Cognitive Psychology and it's time to work to get moderate candidates elected.
Your predictions: what will happen if 2016 is Trump vs Bernie
As It Fights ISIS, Pentagon Seeks String of Bases Overseas
Obama Tours Flood Damage in Louisiana
Julian Assange WikiLeaks founder says big leak on Hillary Clinton could lead to indictment
Will the GOP outwardly support Trump, and behind the scenes fund house and Senate races?
Its time to kill the $100 bill
Question for Republicans, why are most of you ok with Trumps bashing of John McCains military career?
All Los Angeles Unified schools closed by 'credible threat' of violence
A little game for moderatepolitics: Debate predictions
State Department Finds 30 Deleted Clinton Benghazi Emails
At lunch I heard talk of a Military Coup in the US if Donald Trump wins on the radio...
CNN captures secret (US Military) mission in Syria
How *Not* to attack Trump
If free education became a thing in the U.S.,the people who currently have student loan debt, would their loans be forgiven?
Reddit Reacts: Decision 2016 and Super Tuesday
Why Donald Trump Wont Win the Republican Nomination
Syria conflict: Bashar Assad vows to retake whole country
My response to the "Official Democratic Party Platform Survey"
Understanding Users of Reddit Survey
Paris shootings and explosions near Stade de France kill 18; At least 18 people have been killed in several shootings in the French capital, Paris, as well as explosions at the Stade de France.
Military Success in Syria Gives Putin Upper Hand in U.S. Proxy War
Why is Bernie still in it?
Presidential Hopefuls Desert Moderation, Democracy's Glue
Should there be a voting age at all?
Libya: Can unity government restore stability?
Clinton, on her private server, wrote 104 emails the government says are classified
I think I could support socialized medicine if it wasn't free
More Is Needed to Beat ISIS, Pentagon Officials Conclude
Lax gun laws in Indiana fuel gun violence in Chicago: Nearly 60 percent of Chicago crime guns were first purchased outside of Illinois  20 percent came from Indiana
Clinton aide in hacked email: Need to 'clean up' Obama answer on email server
"Im the Last Thing Standing Between You and the Apocalypse"
Ivanka for VP? Eric Trump, Bob Corker support Trump/Trump ticket
Hillary Clintons tenure as secretary of state produced a more turbulent, dangerous Middle East and birthed the Islamic State terrorist group responsible for violent attacks around the world, Donald Trump said Wednesday.
I recently asked "What Would a Positive Ad for Donald Trump Look Like? Let's try and imagine it." This is the best response I have seen.
The Less Affordable Care Act? As private insurers look to increase premiums, the administration scrambles to fix Obamacares exchange markets.
My take on democratic socialism
New Jersey a winner in presidential primaries - Circle June 7 on your calendar. New Jerseys presidential primary elections on that date have suddenly taken on significance.
Ted Cruz was involved in both the Bill Clinton impeachment and Bush v Gore.
EU migrant crisis: Sweden may reject 80,000 asylum claims
What ails American democracy? Too much information and too little thought. - Peggy Noonan
BBC World Service - Newshour Extra, Challenging America's Two Party System
Syrias Paradox: Why the War Only Ever Seems to Get Worse [Soft Paywall
How we got a presidential race entirely about character (soft paywall)
Emails reveal how foundation donors got access to Clinton and her close aides at State Dept.
Riots on the Streets of Milwaukee: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know
Franois Hollande declares war on Islamic State. Does he mean it?
More Sanders voters say they will choose 'other,' or not vote, than back Clinton
Balanced, Pragmatic Gun Control Articles?
Potential moderate fringe-benefits of a Trump presidency.
Is Michael Bloomberg really the best candidate for U.S. startups?
2002 Interview Contradicts Trump on Early Opposition to Iraq War
Military Times poll of the U.S. military has Gary Johnson tied with Donald Trump in the race for president
Newsweek opinion posits "Libertarians have become the moderate, middle way party"
Sirte battle risks widening Libya political splits: With no national army, brigades of former rebel fighters, who battled to oust Muammar Gaddafi in 2011 before turning against one another, are powerbrokers who form a patchwork of quasi-fiefdoms across the OPEC country.
What does everyone think of Land Value Taxes to replace all other taxes?
A Response to My Conservative #NeverTrump Friends
Are there parallels between Hilary Clinton and Martha Coakley?
John Kasich takes a hard line  on gerrymandering
How credible and truthful are the popular YouTube political, social commentators (Sargon of Akkad, Nerdwriter, Paul Joseph Watson, Cult of Dusty and etc...)
The US is trying to spare a jihadist group in its attempts to unseat Syria's President Bashar al-Assad, Russia's foreign minister has told the BBC.
Take a Deep Breath, Voters. There Is a Third Way.
Donald Trump, Ivanka Trump Unveil Child Care Plan
[Podcast
Desperate criminals, ex-marines, & cops. It turns out those trained to believe that shooting people is a solution are more likely to shoot people in order to resolve a situation.
Who is your candidate this election? If your not voting, who is who is your ideal candidate?
Unions Split as Bitter U.S. Campaign Exposes Divergent Agendas
The primaries: The party declines - American politics looks so strange right now partly because both Republicans and Democrats are a mess
So you can see how far we've come: 1960 Primary Debate (JFK vs. Hubert Humphrey)
Who is my candidate?
Donald Trump and the Culture of Bullies
Students Fight for the NHS
Why Libya Matters  Again
Party Confusion
What Other Conservatives Can Learn from Cameron
Calling in Kallstadt: A Visit to Donald Trump's Ancestral Home - SPIEGEL ONLINE - News
Barack Obama: Guns Are Our Shared Responsibility | Op-Ed
The Brutalism of Ted Cruz
Lawless Libya: Can peace be achieved?
Syria air strikes: The mission to target so-called Islamic State militants in Syria could take some time and will require persistence, PM David Cameron has said.
While states have spent years thinking about and planning for other types of crisis that can mess with voting  from hurricanes to power blackouts and terrorist attacks
Who are the leaders of todays political youth?
The man believed to be responsible for the explosion in Manhattan and in New Jersey was taken into custody on Monday after he was wounded in a gun fight with the police.
Trump, Ryan and McConnell: Reluctant partners with their own priorities
GOP, Dems Unite to Demand Increased Iranian Sanctions One Year After Nuclear Deal
The Death of the Middle Class Is Worse Than You Think
Kind of confused and wanting some clarification on a recent political event's impact on another.
In his article, Samuels claims Obama was actively misleading the public about Iran.
THE LIBYA GAMBLE - PART 1
The Governing Cancer of Our Time
Middle-Class Malaise (Germany)
The media are misleading the public on Syria
We need to crack encryption by former GRU double agent Naveed Jamali.
Strong conservative bias, but how do the sentiments hold up?--"Don't Vote for Bernie"
33 Things This Election Will Decide That Have Nothing to Do With Trump or Clinton
Washington and South Dakota could become the first states to enact campaign finance vouchers
Hillary Clintons Benghazi Debacle: Arming Jihadists in Libya . . . and Syria
When Anderson Cooper opened the debate by declaring Trump Bragged about sexually assaulting women, was he correct?
Differences on balance: National comparisons of charter and traditional public schools
Where the presidential race stands today: The USC Dornsife / Los Angeles Times poll
Hillary Clinton walks back 'basket of deplorables' remark
North Korea's largest nuclear test draws condemnation, threat of more sanctions
Transcript: Hillary Clinton's Democratic National Convention speech, annotated
Turkish Military Says It Has Seized Control From Ankara Government - Turkish prime minister says attempted military coup underway; military jets and helicopters seen flying low over Ankara and tanks reported in the streets; two major bridges in Istanbul are closed to traffic.
Why Todays Romp by Trump Doesnt Matter; or Running a receding finish line.
Why Bankruptcy Won't Erase Student Loan Debt, arguments for and against.
THE LIBYA GAMBLE - PART 2
Bloomberg Politics's 404 error page is fantastic!
Supreme Court fight has lawmakers doing somersaults - "The debate over judicial nominations is a study in role reversals. Depending on which party is in power, several major players in the current fight have staked out positions on both sides."
Join the Liberal Party of /r/ModelUSGov!
Here are the Actual Facts about Super Delegates
How much knowledge do presidential candidates have over what their endorsers will say?
Ted Cruz and Bernie Sanders are authentically wrong-- the Washington Post
Donald Trump, and the fall of America's institutions
Political apathy in the UK is perfectly respectable
The Rise of Political Clickbait - New video exposes examples of negative practices on left and right independent political Facebook pages.
A Syrian artist who was accused of being an opposition activist and tortured in a detention centre has drawn pictures of his experiences - and described how he became numb to death, as dead bodies were piled up in the cell he shared with dozens of other naked prisoners.
Paris Grand Mosque chairman backs military action in Syria against ISIS
Rigged elections! What does that even mean?
Column: Congressional and presidential elections shouldn't occur at the same time
The 650,000 Question: Feds to search thousands of emails in Hillary Clinton investigation
Equality of Opportunity and Why We Don't Really Have It
Why don't you make them work together?
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton locked in tight race nationally - CBS/NYT poll
Due Process Lawsuits Have Increased Dramatically After Overreach
Elizabeth Warren sets the government loose on Airbnb, despite its middle-class benefits
Budget deficit nearly doubles during Obama's tenure
How might Tim Kaine influence a Clinton administration if chosen as VP?
Support Grows for Stopping Trump in Cleveland
Trump adviser on Lewandowski: 'Ding dong the witch is dead!'
Strategy Analysis: Trump never planned to debate Sanders, and here's why
Moderate Politicians, what's ur view on the situation with Snowden?
Whether intentionally or unintentionally, the Obama administration presented the world with an unequivocally false narrative about (Iran) Mr. Rouhani and the future of the Islamic republic.
Islamist Rebel Groups Press Offensive in Northern Syria
Different sides of the same coin
A (Relatively) Short Guide to Fix U.S. Politics
Trump Reverses His Stance on Torture: GOP front-runner had faced criticism from military and legal experts after his comments
ModelUSGov - A Realistic Government Sim
Something Is Rotten in the Republican Party
Trump, Cruz, and South Carolina
Copy-Editing Trump
Robert Reich reporting that Obama will nominate 46-year-old Judge Sri Srinivasan for SCOTUS
In Libya, U.S. Courts Unreliable Allies to Counter ISIS
A POLITICO review of Barack Obamas domestic policy legacy
The Shocking Video Ted Cruz DOESNT Want You To See
Scotland's First Minister's Questions - 7th January 2016
Christopher Hitchens Debates Timothy Jackson On Religion (2007)
Civil Rights At Issue In Korea, But Not The Korea You'd Expect : Parallels : NPR
No Good Guys in the West
Conservative Party Failures and Rise of Populist Alternatives
Yes, Addiction Does Discriminate | The Fix
The Great Republican Revolt
T. Boone Pickens calls for bipartisan panel to screen candidates for president
Unequal Representation?
New Russian Air Defenses in Syria Keep U.S. Grounded
Battle for Sinjar: IS-held town in Iraq 'liberated'
Mosul: Islamic State is 'a brutal opponent', says US general
Trump will accept result 'if I win' - He added that he would accept a "clear" result - but reserved the right to challenge a "questionable" result
Northeast Ohio Couple, Who Normally Vote Democratic, Consider Trump
Dawn of big business on democratic side?
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Trump
Why MainStreet Isnt Buying Obamas Economic Story
Why Are Voters So Angry?
A Reform Blueprint
Secret side agreement will allow Iran to accelerate nuke production in 11 years
Your opinion on Ben Shapiro?
The Speech Intimidation Game: The left plays rough to shut down conservative ideasas Visa and Coke learned the hard way.
Five reasons Brexit could signal Trump winning the White House: Few pundits saw either coming, but we should have
There will indeed be political repercussions for Clinton, especially if the FBI recommends indictment, and Democrats will need Bernie Sanders. The DNC will need Bernie Sanders. The country will need Bernie Sanders.
Interested in politics in action? Then join the Model Republicans!
Understanding Users of Reddit Survey
Obama to skip Scalia's funeral
How should I decide my vote in the 2016 Republican Presidential Preference Primary?
We need your help!
Firearms management
What is your opinion on this new unbiased/non partisan moderate website about US politics and elections and its correlation with money?
President Obama ridiculed on Snapchat by daughter Sasha - BBC News
I will not vote for Hillary Clinton. But, as Ive explained in these columns, I could never vote for Donald Trump.
Hillary Clinton Selects Tim Kaine, a Popular Senator From a Swing State, as Running Mate
The Trump tax plan has been tweaked. Has it ever.
President Trump's Revolution? Fear Not
Should the President of the United States be on a reality TV show while still in office?
The Blue State Model Has Failed
The Democrats just ceded economic justice to Donald Trump
Who will Hillary's VP be? Who do you want it to be?
Join The Model Republican Party on r/modelusgov!!
Video shows Clinton appearing to faint while getting in van
State Department Stonewalling Information About What's Being Done to Stop Christian Genocide
We are crowdsourcing a Direct Democracy Constitution. You can add your own ideas.
24 Years Later, Joe Bidens Words (On SCOTUS replacements) Haunt Democrats
If the Kid President can find a solution for child hunger why can't us adults?
Sanderss Record, Filings Show Benefits From Super PACs, Links to Wall Street Donors
A good guy with a gun stops a bad guy with a gun.
/r/PresidentBloomberg, let's get a moderate into the White House.
Comey Is Not the One Whose Unorthodox Actions Are Casting a Cloud over the Election
Hillary Clinton Emailed Classified Information After Leaving State Deptartment
Heres How Americans Can Curtail Government Spending
Fact-checking the Economics Behind Third Clinton-Trump Debate.
Its time to stop talking about racism with white people
Karl Rove: Can Trump stop the slide while Clinton coasts?
Impeachable? A contrarian way of viewing this election.
5 Reasons Why Trump Will Win by Michael Moore as Animated Infographic
Trump and 21 Brave Americans
Hillary Clinton Signed Classified Information Nondisclosure Agreement Saying She Received Briefing on Classified Information
As a moderate myself, I'd like to hear what alot of ur views are..
Trump + Kanye 2016 A populist duo, fueled by fame, would compliment each other and bring in a large fan base.
Hillary Wiped Her Server Under Subpoena
If the Democrats really pick Hillary, isn't Trump going to absolutely DESTROY her in the Debates?
Gerrymandering Isnt Evil - Why independent redistricting won't save us from political gridlock.
Americans oppose Democrat plank forcing taxpayers to pay for abortion
[Serious
O'Malley is going to be our next president
Strategy Analysis: Trump never planned to debate Sanders, and here's why
When Anderson Cooper opened the debate by declaring Trump Bragged about sexually assaulting women, was he correct?
Hillary Clinton Selects Tim Kaine, a Popular Senator From a Swing State, as Running Mate
Hillary Clinton walks back 'basket of deplorables' remark
Video shows Clinton appearing to faint while getting in van
Desperate criminals, ex-marines, & cops. It turns out those trained to believe that shooting people is a solution are more likely to shoot people in order to resolve a situation.
Why MainStreet Isnt Buying Obamas Economic Story
There will indeed be political repercussions for Clinton, especially if the FBI recommends indictment, and Democrats will need Bernie Sanders. The DNC will need Bernie Sanders. The country will need Bernie Sanders.
Firearms management
Interested in politics in action? Then join the Model Republicans!
I will not vote for Hillary Clinton. But, as Ive explained in these columns, I could never vote for Donald Trump.
Different sides of the same coin
Should the President of the United States be on a reality TV show while still in office?
Obama to skip Scalia's funeral
An expensive reminder that Sanders still hasnt dropped out: His Secret Service detail
Take a Deep Breath, Voters. There Is a Third Way.
Riots on the Streets of Milwaukee: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know
Hillary Clintons Benghazi Debacle: Arming Jihadists in Libya . . . and Syria
How should I decide my vote in the 2016 Republican Presidential Preference Primary?
Emails reveal how foundation donors got access to Clinton and her close aides at State Dept.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton locked in tight race nationally - CBS/NYT poll
Why Are Voters So Angry?
Your opinion on Ben Shapiro?
Its time to kill the $100 bill
We are crowdsourcing a Direct Democracy Constitution. You can add your own ideas.
Julian Assange WikiLeaks founder says big leak on Hillary Clinton could lead to indictment
Due Process Lawsuits Have Increased Dramatically After Overreach
Northeast Ohio Couple, Who Normally Vote Democratic, Consider Trump
The Speech Intimidation Game: The left plays rough to shut down conservative ideasas Visa and Coke learned the hard way.
Five reasons Brexit could signal Trump winning the White House: Few pundits saw either coming, but we should have
As a moderate myself, I'd like to hear what alot of ur views are..
Hillary Clinton Emailed Classified Information After Leaving State Deptartment
Should there be a voting age at all?
How *Not* to attack Trump
Donald Trump, Ivanka Trump Unveil Child Care Plan
Whether intentionally or unintentionally, the Obama administration presented the world with an unequivocally false narrative about (Iran) Mr. Rouhani and the future of the Islamic republic.
A veteran's view on the nra and the sad state of gun violence in this country
The Blue State Model Has Failed
Why Todays Romp by Trump Doesnt Matter; or Running a receding finish line.
State Department Finds 30 Deleted Clinton Benghazi Emails
Hillary Immediately Brings Disgraced DNC Chair Onto Her Campaign
Fact-checking the Economics Behind Third Clinton-Trump Debate.
Clinton aide in hacked email: Need to 'clean up' Obama answer on email server
A Response to My Conservative #NeverTrump Friends
In his article, Samuels claims Obama was actively misleading the public about Iran.
Impeachable? A contrarian way of viewing this election.
5 Reasons Why Trump Will Win by Michael Moore as Animated Infographic
Paris shootings and explosions near Stade de France kill 18; At least 18 people have been killed in several shootings in the French capital, Paris, as well as explosions at the Stade de France.
Hillary Clinton Signed Classified Information Nondisclosure Agreement Saying She Received Briefing on Classified Information
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Trump
My take on democratic socialism
Ted Cruz was involved in both the Bill Clinton impeachment and Bush v Gore.
Sanderss Record, Filings Show Benefits From Super PACs, Links to Wall Street Donors
The 650,000 Question: Feds to search thousands of emails in Hillary Clinton investigation
How might Tim Kaine influence a Clinton administration if chosen as VP?
Barack Obama: Guns Are Our Shared Responsibility | Op-Ed
Join the Liberal Party of /r/ModelUSGov!
Man Arrested at Rally Tells Authorities He Wanted to Kill Donald Trump: He said he chose the specific officer because he noticed that her holster was in an unlocked position.
Ivanka for VP? Eric Trump, Bob Corker support Trump/Trump ticket
Why Donald Trump Wont Win the Republican Nomination
Bernie Sanders: Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president
Clintons Campaign is having to answer for $12 million the Clinton Foundation received from the king of Morocco.
If the Kid President can find a solution for child hunger why can't us adults?
/r/PresidentBloomberg, let's get a moderate into the White House.
6 Crazy Things That Could Happen This Presidential Election
I'm a 26 year old moderate with a Masters degree in Cognitive Psychology and it's time to work to get moderate candidates elected.
I think I could support socialized medicine if it wasn't free
FBI announces that it is reviewing new evidence in its investigation into her use of a private email server as Secretary of State.
"Im the Last Thing Standing Between You and the Apocalypse"
[Serious
A Reform Blueprint
We need your help!
What is your opinion on this new unbiased/non partisan moderate website about US politics and elections and its correlation with money?
President Obama ridiculed on Snapchat by daughter Sasha - BBC News
Why don't you make them work together?
Elizabeth Warren sets the government loose on Airbnb, despite its middle-class benefits
Something Is Rotten in the Republican Party
Lax gun laws in Indiana fuel gun violence in Chicago: Nearly 60 percent of Chicago crime guns were first purchased outside of Illinois  20 percent came from Indiana
O'Malley is going to be our next president
Hillary Wiped Her Server Under Subpoena
Gerrymandering Isnt Evil - Why independent redistricting won't save us from political gridlock.
Newly Released Emails Highlight Clinton Foundations Ties to State Department
Why do people think that Trump fans were the problem in Chicago this last weekend?
Six reasons for Trump's rise that no one talks about. (Bear with the new title, the article is more evenhanded)
How do we deal with the growing disconnect between the US military and the US people?
Join The Model Republican Party on r/modelusgov!!
With Trump all but clinching the GOP nomination, we look back at the greatly exaggerated reports of his political demise.
Trump + Kanye 2016 A populist duo, fueled by fame, would compliment each other and bring in a large fan base.
This year my family joined millions of others whose health-insurance premium has become their biggest annual expense.
Where the presidential race stands today: The USC Dornsife / Los Angeles Times poll
Transcript: Hillary Clinton's Democratic National Convention speech, annotated
The Democrats just ceded economic justice to Donald Trump
Im the shooter. Its me, the man said. I am the shooter. I did it for ISIS, the caller said, according to Gentili, I did it for the Islamic State.
Who will most likely win the presidential election in your opinion?
When Donald Trump clinches the nomination, will his media coverage change? Predict how in this thread!
Who is your candidate this election? If your not voting, who is who is your ideal candidate?
Donald Trump and the Culture of Bullies
Obamacare Is Stuck in a Feedback Loop of Bad Policy and Bad Politics
The Trump tax plan has been tweaked. Has it ever.
Budget deficit nearly doubles during Obama's tenure
Support Grows for Stopping Trump in Cleveland
President Trump's Revolution? Fear Not
Obama Tours Flood Damage in Louisiana
Let Me Ask America a Question - By Donald J. Trump
Secret side agreement will allow Iran to accelerate nuke production in 11 years
Understanding Users of Reddit Survey
Who will Hillary's VP be? Who do you want it to be?
We need to crack encryption by former GRU double agent Naveed Jamali.
The lockdown by mods of the New Years gang assaults is playing right into negative perceptions of censorship. The discussion, no matter how ugly, needs to proceed unimpeded!
I've always voted Republican, but will never vote for Trump or Cruz. Please pitch me on your candidate!
A good guy with a gun stops a bad guy with a gun.
What do you think of an increased tax on gasoline in order to help fund public transportation and reduce urban sprawl?
Karl Rove: Can Trump stop the slide while Clinton coasts?
Im a Republican. You Couldnt Pay Me to Vote for Trump.
Emails Released by WikiLeaks Appear to Show DNC Trying to Aid Hillary Clinton
The US is trying to spare a jihadist group in its attempts to unseat Syria's President Bashar al-Assad, Russia's foreign minister has told the BBC.
State Department Stonewalling Information About What's Being Done to Stop Christian Genocide
Who is my candidate?
Is the Republican base getting more aggressive?
As far as I have heard neither Hillary, nor Trump (current front runners) have declared their VP. Do candidates usually not declare that until the convention? When is the traditional point in time to announce it?
Donald Trump says he will sue all women accusing him of sexual harassment
Ruth Bader Ginsburg Expresses Regret for Criticizing Trump
The Jacksonian creed was "Opportunity for all, favoritism to none." This is a message that should resonate today.
Free Spaces Not Safe Spaces
Bernie Sanderss Supporters Consider Where to Turn if His Bid Fails
Question for Republicans, why are most of you ok with Trumps bashing of John McCains military career?
All Los Angeles Unified schools closed by 'credible threat' of violence
The structure of the US primary system is the reason for our problems
Are there parallels between Hilary Clinton and Martha Coakley?
Asked a question on /r/SandersForPresident, had post removed without explanation, reposting here
Read the Interview Where Gary Johnson Asked What Aleppo Is
Did you "Feel The Bern"? Are you now "With Her?"
Trump Campaign Manager Was a Foreign Agent for Controversial Saudi Prince
User asks Quora: Why am I now drawn to Donald Trump for President despite the fact that I originally thought he was a joke? Tom Klein Answers (as one does on Quora.) "Because you are a primate."
Strong conservative bias, but how do the sentiments hold up?--"Don't Vote for Bernie"
Gary Johnson can't name a single foreign leader he admires, admits to having "an Aleppo moment"
Americans oppose Democrat plank forcing taxpayers to pay for abortion
Trump adviser on Lewandowski: 'Ding dong the witch is dead!'
ModelUSGov - A Realistic Government Sim
Copy-Editing Trump
Civil Rights At Issue In Korea, But Not The Korea You'd Expect : Parallels : NPR
What version of Moderate is this subreddit?
Comey Is Not the One Whose Unorthodox Actions Are Casting a Cloud over the Election
How we got a presidential race entirely about character (soft paywall)
Franois Hollande declares war on Islamic State. Does he mean it?
Youre Asian, Right? Why Are You Even Here?; What I learned when I was attackedand sparedbecause of my race at a Black Lives Matter protest.
I Miss Barack Obama
WAPO Fact Checker: Clintons claim that the FBI director said her email answers were truthful
I Ran the C.I.A. Now Im Endorsing Hillary Clinton.
DHS Removes Nearly 1,000 Suspected Terrorists From Database
Donald Trump says he has "never met" Vladimir Putin
Clinton Back on Campaign Trail After Releasing Health Info
Trump names Pence as running mate
Why are Democrats so shocked at Trump's allegations of election fraud? Don't most Democrats think 2000 was stolen in Florida, and many think 2004 was stolen in Ohio?
How Russian propaganda in the form of falsified emails made it into the stump speech of the Republican Presidential candidate.
Terrorist Attack in Nice, France, Leaves 84 Dead and 202 Injured
Your predictions: what will happen if 2016 is Trump vs Bernie
As The Race Tightens, Dont Assume The Electoral College Will Save Clinton
What makes American government broken?
Military Success in Syria Gives Putin Upper Hand in U.S. Proxy War
Hagel: The White House Tried to Destroy Me; In an exclusive interview, Chuck Hagel said the Obama administration micromanaged the Pentagon, stabbed him in the back on the way out -- and still has no strategy for fixing Syria.
Trump Tours Flood Damage in Louisiana
CNN Parts Ways With Donna Brazile After Debate Questions Were Provided to Clinton
Gary Johnson could give us President Paul Ryan: Here is the math.
Military Times poll of the U.S. military has Gary Johnson tied with Donald Trump in the race for president
Political apathy in the UK is perfectly respectable
Bernie Sanders celebrates Indiana win, criticizes closed primaries
At lunch I heard talk of a Military Coup in the US if Donald Trump wins on the radio...
CNN captures secret (US Military) mission in Syria
Manufacturing Consent group read at r/NonFictionBookClub
There is a way out of this Trump nightmare and it goes through the Valley
Full text: Donald Trump 2016 RNC draft speech transcript
Isn't it interesting...
When the Suspect Is an Armed Black Man -- and the Cop Is Black
Statement by FBI Director James B. Comey on the Investigation of Secretary Hillary Clintons Use of a Personal E-Mail System
Heres How Americans Can Curtail Government Spending
Potential moderate fringe-benefits of a Trump presidency.
Paul Ryan: 'I'm just not ready' to back Donald Trump... And we've got a ways to go from here to there,"
State Dept. Audit Faults Hillary Clinton in Emails
Remember When Donald Trump Said National Borders Were A Bad Idea?
The man believed to be responsible for the explosion in Manhattan and in New Jersey was taken into custody on Monday after he was wounded in a gun fight with the police.
The Death of the Middle Class Is Worse Than You Think
Two Women Say Donald Trump Touched Them Inappropriately
New Jersey a winner in presidential primaries - Circle June 7 on your calendar. New Jerseys presidential primary elections on that date have suddenly taken on significance.
What would be the most realistic path for a GOP victory in 2020 should Trump lose?
U.S. Sent Cash to Iran as Americans Were Freed; Obama administration insists there was no quid pro quo, but critics charge payment amounted to ransom
Health Law Tax Penalty? I'll Take It, Millions Say
Trumps recent gun control comments
Colin Powell Says Hillary Clinton's 'People Have Been Trying to Pin' Email Scandal on Him
Its time to stop talking about racism with white people
Presidential Hopefuls Desert Moderation, Democracy's Glue
Trump says Cruz 'stole' Iowa election; Sanders mulls challenge
Mosul: Islamic State is 'a brutal opponent', says US general
Trump will accept result 'if I win' - He added that he would accept a "clear" result - but reserved the right to challenge a "questionable" result
Dawn of big business on democratic side?
Calling in Kallstadt: A Visit to Donald Trump's Ancestral Home - SPIEGEL ONLINE - News
Is this the year? Momentum's building to legalize pot in California
Bernie Sanders digs in
Ted Cruz drops presidential bid
A little game for moderatepolitics: Debate predictions
If free education became a thing in the U.S.,the people who currently have student loan debt, would their loans be forgiven?
Understanding Users of Reddit Survey
I am German, please explain to me why Trump is being taken seriously.
As moderates, how do you feel about the republican debate moderators appearing to have an agenda against Trump?
In America's current polarizing political scene, is there any argument that could make a Bernie supporter condone or even understand Trump and his supporters? Or vice versa? Have we lost the ability to communicate ideas over party lines? What can be done?
Newsweek opinion posits "Libertarians have become the moderate, middle way party"
What does everyone think of Land Value Taxes to replace all other taxes?
Our political parties are based more and more on absurd tribalism
The Importance of Art and the American Education System
The Obama Doctrine
John Kasich is dropping out of the Republican presidential race, two sources familiar with the plan confirmed to CNN.
More Sanders voters say they will choose 'other,' or not vote, than back Clinton
2002 Interview Contradicts Trump on Early Opposition to Iraq War
What Ted Cruz saying he wants to return to the gold standard says about him.
The 7 must-read passages in the Benghazi report: From the video conference that was convened as the attack was underway to the unlikely assistance the Americans received that night.
Arizona op-ed on being ignored in elections
Why do Iowa and NH always get to choose first?
Forget Trumps temperament and Clintons stamina. Voters care less and less about candidates personalities
The Seven Habits of Highly Depolarizing People: How to make friends and influence people on the other side of the aisle.
Nigel Farage's first speech to the European Parliament after Brexit vote  full transcript
Trump Campaign Manager Corey Lewandowski Ousted: Trump's top strategist, Paul Manafort, will be moved into the campaign manager role, two sources tell NBC News.
Equality of Opportunity and Why We Don't Really Have It
Moderate Politicians, what's ur view on the situation with Snowden?
Islamist Rebel Groups Press Offensive in Northern Syria
A (Relatively) Short Guide to Fix U.S. Politics
The Shocking Video Ted Cruz DOESNT Want You To See
This is not 2000 all over...
I recently asked "What Would a Positive Ad for Donald Trump Look Like? Let's try and imagine it." This is the best response I have seen.
The Less Affordable Care Act? As private insurers look to increase premiums, the administration scrambles to fix Obamacares exchange markets.
Why Donald Trump strikes a chord with Russians
Most Republicans Feel Embarrassed by Campaign
Officials: San Bernardino shooter apparently radicalized, in touch with terror subjects
15 years later, we're still fighting in Afghanistan, and no one seems to care.
Merrick Garland Deserves a VoteFor Democracys Sake. By Barack Obama
The Summer of the Shill; Campaign 2016 won't just have lasting implications for American politics. It's obliterated what was left of our news media
7 things you should know about Tim Kaine
Theory - the election process is broken because of moderates
If the US political parties are are broken as they seem to be, why do we not see a third party developing?
For Trump, the GOP is no longer the party of Bush
Maybe what's missing from the election is genuine conversation
Bill Clintons Meeting With Loretta Lynch Causes Stir in Both Parties: Ms. Lynch oversees the Justice Department, which oversees the F.B.I., which is looking into the circumstances around Hillary Clintons use of a private email
Syria conflict: Bashar Assad vows to retake whole country
North Korea's largest nuclear test draws condemnation, threat of more sanctions
Turkish Military Says It Has Seized Control From Ankara Government - Turkish prime minister says attempted military coup underway; military jets and helicopters seen flying low over Ankara and tanks reported in the streets; two major bridges in Istanbul are closed to traffic.
THE LIBYA GAMBLE - PART 2
Supreme Court fight has lawmakers doing somersaults - "The debate over judicial nominations is a study in role reversals. Depending on which party is in power, several major players in the current fight have staked out positions on both sides."
A Syrian artist who was accused of being an opposition activist and tortured in a detention centre has drawn pictures of his experiences - and described how he became numb to death, as dead bodies were piled up in the cell he shared with dozens of other naked prisoners.
Why are people so against outsourcing?
Donald Trump is well on his way to the 1,237 delegates he needs to be the GOP nominee
Kenyan Muslims shield Christians in Mandera bus attack
Why is there such a visceral hatred of Hillary Clinton?
If the Democrats really pick Hillary, isn't Trump going to absolutely DESTROY her in the Debates?
Were the Only Plane in the Sky: Where was the president in the eight hours after the Sept. 11 attacks? The strange, harrowing journey of Air Force One, as told by the people who were on board.
Jeb Bushs breathtaking campaign implosion: How a GOP front-runner became the please clap candidate
In light of the 2016 primary debacle, what is your Ideal voting system reform?
Will Trump or Clinton win? The 11 states deciding the race
Germany Put on Edge After Unprecedented String of Attacks
GOP, Dems Unite to Demand Increased Iranian Sanctions One Year After Nuclear Deal
THE LIBYA GAMBLE - PART 1
Why do States like Alabama, Mississippi, etc. hold so much weight in Democratic primaries?
Moderates of Reddit, who are you voting for, and WHY?
A Political Sim for the Politically savvy! (I promise, it's great)
Mali Hotel Attack Leaves Dozens Dead, Including an American
Created this website for tracking tweets posted by various candidates. Let me know if you want me to include a candidate.
My thoughts on Cruz choosing Fiorina as his running mate
How credible and truthful are the popular YouTube political, social commentators (Sargon of Akkad, Nerdwriter, Paul Joseph Watson, Cult of Dusty and etc...)
[Podcast
24 Years Later, Joe Bidens Words (On SCOTUS replacements) Haunt Democrats
Students Fight for the NHS
Why Libya Matters  Again
What Other Conservatives Can Learn from Cameron
Lawless Libya: Can peace be achieved?
Trump is the GOPs Frankenstein monster. Now hes strong enough to destroy the party.
Request: Subs featuring informed, conservative political discussion
Full transcript: Donald Trump NYC speech on stakes of the election
Hillary ducked a question I really would have liked an answer to...
Why Aetna is pulling back, big-time, from Obamacare markets now
AP Interview: In pursuit of GOP unity, Ryan endorses Trump
Trump, Sanders explore an unconventional presidential debate
Sirte battle risks widening Libya political splits: With no national army, brigades of former rebel fighters, who battled to oust Muammar Gaddafi in 2011 before turning against one another, are powerbrokers who form a patchwork of quasi-fiefdoms across the OPEC country.
ISIS Grip on Libyan City Gives It a Fallback Option
Ted Cruz agrees that, 'It doesn't make sense to hold a hearing' for Obama's nominee
President Obama regrets filibustering the nomination of Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito in 2006, his top spokesman said Wednesday, though he maintains that the Republican opposition to his effort to replace Justice Antonin Scalia is unprecedented.
North Korea Says It Has Detonated Its First Hydrogen Bomb
What ails American democracy? Too much information and too little thought. - Peggy Noonan
Balanced, Pragmatic Gun Control Articles?
Is Michael Bloomberg really the best candidate for U.S. startups?
When Debbie Wasserman Schultz resigned as DNC Chair, she was named Honorary Chair of Clinton's 50-State Program. Now that Clinton is doing more down-ballot campaigning, do we know whether DWS is actually doing work on that effort?
UN says violence suffered by civilians in Iraq "remains staggering", with at least 18,800 killed and 3.2 million displaced internally between 1 January 2014 and 31 October 2015.
Are Gary Johnson and Jill Stein hurting each other?
Which presidential candidate's message resonates with you the most and why?
Why has the number of banks in the US decreased every quarter since the 1980s?
"Corruption Is Not A Type Of Petty Crime But A Tool Of Power, In Both Democracies And Dictatorships"
Hillary Clinton celebrates victory. Sanders says: Next Tuesday we continue the fight, in the last primary, in Washington, D.C.,
US struggles to convince Iraqis it doesn't support IS
Why is Bernie still in it?
Clinton, on her private server, wrote 104 emails the government says are classified
Does anybody know where I can find a good written/recorded debate between a moderate left-winger and a moderate right-winger?
Reddit Reacts: Decision 2016 and Super Tuesday
France Is Asking Everyone for Help in Its War Against ISIS
Ecuador acknowledges restricting Assange's internet amid Clinton leaks
Two Russian warplanes flew simulated attack passes near a U.S. guided missile destroyer in the Baltic Sea on Tuesday, the U.S. military said, with one official describing them as one of the most aggressive interactions in recent memory.
Obama Cites Lack of Day After Plan in Libya as Biggest Mistake
There's been a huge increase in mass shootings after 2011. Any ideas on why?
Trump and 21 Brave Americans
As It Fights ISIS, Pentagon Seeks String of Bases Overseas
Clinton / Trump biography recommendations
Who replaces Justice Scalia?
US, Other Powers Want to Arm Libyan Government
Islamic State announced the formation of a caliphate in the heart of the Middle East in June 2014. Here is a look at their 2016 foothold outside of Syria and Iraq.
Why would the RNC want Kasich out over Cruz?
Supporters Of Trump - Who was the last Republican you supported and why?
Why the vice-presidential debate matters
[Serious
Can someone help me understand what I perceive as hypocrisy in the Republican platform?
This bill has been proposed in South Dakota recently, and I'd like to hear some opinions.
Trump dropped 15% in prediction markets in three days, why is that?
I made this (iOS) app to let you track and vote along with your representative to see if they actually represent you. I'd love to get any feedback you guys might have. Thanks!
Are liberals or conservatives more likely to acknowledge their own biases?
Discussion - With a NY Times endorsement, is John Kasich moderate enough for democrats of Reddit?
Libyan Lawmakers Reject U.N.-Backed Unity Government
Any good website (or image) that categorizes/explains ALL political terms like Authoritarianism, Libertarian, Fascist, Communist, and things like that? I want to learn the difference between those terms.
Theresa May promised to build a "better Britain" and to make the UK's EU exit a "success" after she was announced as the new Tory leader and soon-to-be PM.
ISIS is sending "suicide squads" from Syria to its Iraqi stronghold of Mosul, witnesses have told CNN, as tens of thousands of troops close in on the key city to take it from the militant group's control.
US election: Why has Trump caught Clinton in the polls?
Let's talk about Michael Bloomberg
"When politics becomes fundamentally unreal, the nature of political decision-making changes. Everything is fiction, so voters can only choose the fiction that best suits their taste and aligns with their self-image. Thus politics becomes devoured entirely by personal aesthetics." - Ned Resnikoff
An idea to get everyone to confront their erroneous political biases and come to grips with the facts.
Australian Federal government's 'no jab, no pay' welfare law sparks run on vaccines, gets children their first shots.
Cybersecurity experts discuss the security of Americas electronic voting systems by breaking down vulnerabilities at the state, local and manufacturer level
Election systems in the United States, specifically e-voting machines, are extremely vulnerable to manipulation by computer hackers and outside adversaries, a report released Monday reveals
Duterte aligns Philippines with China, says U.S. has lost
The State of the Presidential Debate
Is universal backlash against third-party support merited?
Donald Trump Has Delegate Majority for Republican Nomination, The A.P. Says
Why should Guantanamo Bay NOT be closed?
What policy issues show the greatest generational divide?
Scalias death plunges court, national politics into turmoil - Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) said in a statement that the Senate controlled by his party should not confirm a replacement for Scalia until after the election.
Four US states demand restraining order to stop internet power handover to ICANN
National Review, conservative thinkers stand against Trump
Iraq declares Ramadi liberated from Islamic State
Your Surgeon Is Probably a Republican, Your Psychiatrist Probably a Democrat
Maine could become the first state in the nation to have ranked-choice voting
Rigged elections! What does that even mean?
33 Things This Election Will Decide That Have Nothing to Do With Trump or Clinton
Washington and South Dakota could become the first states to enact campaign finance vouchers
Column: Congressional and presidential elections shouldn't occur at the same time
While states have spent years thinking about and planning for other types of crisis that can mess with voting  from hurricanes to power blackouts and terrorist attacks
BBC World Service - Newshour Extra, Challenging America's Two Party System
Syrias Paradox: Why the War Only Ever Seems to Get Worse [Soft Paywall
Who are the leaders of todays political youth?
Congress overrides Obama veto of Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act
Differences on balance: National comparisons of charter and traditional public schools
The Big Sort: Why the Clustering of Like-Minded America Is Tearing Us Apart [LONG
Vehicle-miles traveled (VMT) tax pilots seek solution to falling gas-tax revenues for federal Highway Trust Fund
News sources
Trump, Ryan and McConnell: Reluctant partners with their own priorities
Brexit: What happens now?
Kind of confused and wanting some clarification on a recent political event's impact on another.
Is there actually a way to add due process to the watch list system?
What Would a Positive Ad for Donald Trump Look Like? Let's try and imagine it.
State Department officials call for U.S. military action against Assad regime
Government and industry leaders assess the state of federal cybersecurity one-year after the discovery of the OPM breach, discussing the importance of cyber hygiene, new federal cybersecurity initiatives and long-term resiliency opportunities
'Why Leaders Lie'  Group Read at r/NonFictionBookClub
A moderate's podcast: respectful discussion between a republican and democrat
Unions Split as Bitter U.S. Campaign Exposes Divergent Agendas
Has there ever been a "Bombshell" in any candidate's tax returns?
Will the GOP outwardly support Trump, and behind the scenes fund house and Senate races?
Libya: Can unity government restore stability?
The primaries: The party declines - American politics looks so strange right now partly because both Republicans and Democrats are a mess
Why Bankruptcy Won't Erase Student Loan Debt, arguments for and against.
Trump Reverses His Stance on Torture: GOP front-runner had faced criticism from military and legal experts after his comments
So you can see how far we've come: 1960 Primary Debate (JFK vs. Hubert Humphrey)
The Die-Hard Republicans Who Say #NeverTrump
The Governing Cancer of Our Time
Middle-Class Malaise (Germany)
Bloomberg Politics's 404 error page is fantastic!
The media are misleading the public on Syria
Trump, Cruz, and South Carolina
Here are the Actual Facts about Super Delegates
Robert Reich reporting that Obama will nominate 46-year-old Judge Sri Srinivasan for SCOTUS
My response to the "Official Democratic Party Platform Survey"
Party Confusion
How much knowledge do presidential candidates have over what their endorsers will say?
Ted Cruz and Bernie Sanders are authentically wrong-- the Washington Post
EU migrant crisis: Sweden may reject 80,000 asylum claims
More Is Needed to Beat ISIS, Pentagon Officials Conclude
Donald Trump, and the fall of America's institutions
Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder excluded from congressional hearing on Flint water
In Libya, U.S. Courts Unreliable Allies to Counter ISIS
The Brutalism of Ted Cruz
A POLITICO review of Barack Obamas domestic policy legacy
Scotland's First Minister's Questions - 7th January 2016
Christopher Hitchens Debates Timothy Jackson On Religion (2007)
No Good Guys in the West
The Rise of Political Clickbait - New video exposes examples of negative practices on left and right independent political Facebook pages.
Conservative Party Failures and Rise of Populist Alternatives
John Kasich takes a hard line  on gerrymandering
Yes, Addiction Does Discriminate | The Fix
The Great Republican Revolt
Iraqi government forces are advancing into the centre of the city of Ramadi, which is controlled by jihadist group Islamic State (IS), officials say.
T. Boone Pickens calls for bipartisan panel to screen candidates for president
Unequal Representation?
New Russian Air Defenses in Syria Keep U.S. Grounded
Paris Grand Mosque chairman backs military action in Syria against ISIS
Syria air strikes: The mission to target so-called Islamic State militants in Syria could take some time and will require persistence, PM David Cameron has said.
U.S. Increases Special Operations Forces Fighting ISIS in Iraq
Battle for Sinjar: IS-held town in Iraq 'liberated'
Creeping Incrementalism: U.S. Strategy in Iraq and Syria from 2011 to 2015
15 years later, we're still fighting in Afghanistan, and no one seems to care.
This is not 2000 all over...
"Corruption Is Not A Type Of Petty Crime But A Tool Of Power, In Both Democracies And Dictatorships"
Hillary ducked a question I really would have liked an answer to...
Your Surgeon Is Probably a Republican, Your Psychiatrist Probably a Democrat
Six reasons for Trump's rise that no one talks about. (Bear with the new title, the article is more evenhanded)
CNN Parts Ways With Donna Brazile After Debate Questions Were Provided to Clinton
Two Women Say Donald Trump Touched Them Inappropriately
Donald Trump says he will sue all women accusing him of sexual harassment
Why are Democrats so shocked at Trump's allegations of election fraud? Don't most Democrats think 2000 was stolen in Florida, and many think 2004 was stolen in Ohio?
Ecuador acknowledges restricting Assange's internet amid Clinton leaks
FBI announces that it is reviewing new evidence in its investigation into her use of a private email server as Secretary of State.
Forget Trumps temperament and Clintons stamina. Voters care less and less about candidates personalities
Donald Trump says he has "never met" Vladimir Putin
How do we deal with the growing disconnect between the US military and the US people?
A veteran's view on the nra and the sad state of gun violence in this country
Duterte aligns Philippines with China, says U.S. has lost
When Debbie Wasserman Schultz resigned as DNC Chair, she was named Honorary Chair of Clinton's 50-State Program. Now that Clinton is doing more down-ballot campaigning, do we know whether DWS is actually doing work on that effort?
Cybersecurity experts discuss the security of Americas electronic voting systems by breaking down vulnerabilities at the state, local and manufacturer level
Clintons Campaign is having to answer for $12 million the Clinton Foundation received from the king of Morocco.
ISIS is sending "suicide squads" from Syria to its Iraqi stronghold of Mosul, witnesses have told CNN, as tens of thousands of troops close in on the key city to take it from the militant group's control.
Health Law Tax Penalty? I'll Take It, Millions Say
Any good website (or image) that categorizes/explains ALL political terms like Authoritarianism, Libertarian, Fascist, Communist, and things like that? I want to learn the difference between those terms.
Why the vice-presidential debate matters
The Importance of Art and the American Education System
Clinton aide in hacked email: Need to 'clean up' Obama answer on email server
"Im the Last Thing Standing Between You and the Apocalypse"
How credible and truthful are the popular YouTube political, social commentators (Sargon of Akkad, Nerdwriter, Paul Joseph Watson, Cult of Dusty and etc...)
While states have spent years thinking about and planning for other types of crisis that can mess with voting  from hurricanes to power blackouts and terrorist attacks
33 Things This Election Will Decide That Have Nothing to Do With Trump or Clinton
Washington and South Dakota could become the first states to enact campaign finance vouchers
Hillary Clintons Benghazi Debacle: Arming Jihadists in Libya . . . and Syria
When Anderson Cooper opened the debate by declaring Trump Bragged about sexually assaulting women, was he correct?
Rigged elections! What does that even mean?
Column: Congressional and presidential elections shouldn't occur at the same time
The 650,000 Question: Feds to search thousands of emails in Hillary Clinton investigation
Equality of Opportunity and Why We Don't Really Have It
Mosul: Islamic State is 'a brutal opponent', says US general
Trump will accept result 'if I win' - He added that he would accept a "clear" result - but reserved the right to challenge a "questionable" result
Northeast Ohio Couple, Who Normally Vote Democratic, Consider Trump
President Obama ridiculed on Snapchat by daughter Sasha - BBC News
I will not vote for Hillary Clinton. But, as Ive explained in these columns, I could never vote for Donald Trump.
Comey Is Not the One Whose Unorthodox Actions Are Casting a Cloud over the Election
Fact-checking the Economics Behind Third Clinton-Trump Debate.
Impeachable? A contrarian way of viewing this election.
Gerrymandering Isnt Evil - Why independent redistricting won't save us from political gridlock.
I will not vote for Hillary Clinton. But, as Ive explained in these columns, I could never vote for Donald Trump.
Hillary Clintons Benghazi Debacle: Arming Jihadists in Libya . . . and Syria
Northeast Ohio Couple, Who Normally Vote Democratic, Consider Trump
A veteran's view on the nra and the sad state of gun violence in this country
Fact-checking the Economics Behind Third Clinton-Trump Debate.
Clinton aide in hacked email: Need to 'clean up' Obama answer on email server
Impeachable? A contrarian way of viewing this election.
The 650,000 Question: Feds to search thousands of emails in Hillary Clinton investigation
Clintons Campaign is having to answer for $12 million the Clinton Foundation received from the king of Morocco.
FBI announces that it is reviewing new evidence in its investigation into her use of a private email server as Secretary of State.
"Im the Last Thing Standing Between You and the Apocalypse"
President Obama ridiculed on Snapchat by daughter Sasha - BBC News
Gerrymandering Isnt Evil - Why independent redistricting won't save us from political gridlock.
Six reasons for Trump's rise that no one talks about. (Bear with the new title, the article is more evenhanded)
How do we deal with the growing disconnect between the US military and the US people?
Donald Trump says he will sue all women accusing him of sexual harassment
Comey Is Not the One Whose Unorthodox Actions Are Casting a Cloud over the Election
Donald Trump says he has "never met" Vladimir Putin
Why are Democrats so shocked at Trump's allegations of election fraud? Don't most Democrats think 2000 was stolen in Florida, and many think 2004 was stolen in Ohio?
How Russian propaganda in the form of falsified emails made it into the stump speech of the Republican Presidential candidate.
CNN Parts Ways With Donna Brazile After Debate Questions Were Provided to Clinton
Two Women Say Donald Trump Touched Them Inappropriately
Health Law Tax Penalty? I'll Take It, Millions Say
Mosul: Islamic State is 'a brutal opponent', says US general
Trump will accept result 'if I win' - He added that he would accept a "clear" result - but reserved the right to challenge a "questionable" result
The Importance of Art and the American Education System
Forget Trumps temperament and Clintons stamina. Voters care less and less about candidates personalities
Equality of Opportunity and Why We Don't Really Have It
This is not 2000 all over...
15 years later, we're still fighting in Afghanistan, and no one seems to care.
How credible and truthful are the popular YouTube political, social commentators (Sargon of Akkad, Nerdwriter, Paul Joseph Watson, Cult of Dusty and etc...)
Hillary ducked a question I really would have liked an answer to...
When Debbie Wasserman Schultz resigned as DNC Chair, she was named Honorary Chair of Clinton's 50-State Program. Now that Clinton is doing more down-ballot campaigning, do we know whether DWS is actually doing work on that effort?
"Corruption Is Not A Type Of Petty Crime But A Tool Of Power, In Both Democracies And Dictatorships"
Ecuador acknowledges restricting Assange's internet amid Clinton leaks
Why the vice-presidential debate matters
Any good website (or image) that categorizes/explains ALL political terms like Authoritarianism, Libertarian, Fascist, Communist, and things like that? I want to learn the difference between those terms.
ISIS is sending "suicide squads" from Syria to its Iraqi stronghold of Mosul, witnesses have told CNN, as tens of thousands of troops close in on the key city to take it from the militant group's control.
Cybersecurity experts discuss the security of Americas electronic voting systems by breaking down vulnerabilities at the state, local and manufacturer level
Duterte aligns Philippines with China, says U.S. has lost
Your Surgeon Is Probably a Republican, Your Psychiatrist Probably a Democrat
Rigged elections! What does that even mean?
33 Things This Election Will Decide That Have Nothing to Do With Trump or Clinton
Washington and South Dakota could become the first states to enact campaign finance vouchers
Column: Congressional and presidential elections shouldn't occur at the same time
While states have spent years thinking about and planning for other types of crisis that can mess with voting  from hurricanes to power blackouts and terrorist attacks
President Obama is Officially America's Greatest Job Creator President
NPR live fact check during debate
Meme circulated by Breitbart: "Hillary Clinton approved major arms deals to Qatar, Oman, Algeria, Saudi Arabia and other dictators after they donated millions of foreign dollars to the Clinton foundation."
Hillary Clinton: FACT: No major company has filed for Chapter 11 more often in the last 30 years than @realDonaldTrump's casinos.
Donald Trump: "Republicans are Dumb", why did this video disappear off the internet?
"Recent studies have indicated that about 80% of Republicans have authoritarian type personalities whereas only 8% of Democrats have authoritarian personalities."
Post Claims Trumps Tax Plan will net him $1.9mil at $75300 gross income
[Bernie Sanders
Politifact's 2015 Lie of the Year: Donald Trump's Campaign Misstatements
Obama has killed more people than Bush: "He's about double the numbers now" - Penn Jillette
15-25% of Muslims dedicated to destruction of Western civilization
This Facebook post seems to claim that almost everything bad in the Clinton administration was due to decisions by Hillary. Did she actually have this much power?
False Representation of George Washington Statement
Politifact ratings of the 2016 US presidential candidates - 4/30/16
When adjusted for population size, black people in the US commit 25x as many violent crimes upon white people than vice versa
RNC halted funding of Trump following the Access Hollywood tape release. Have they resumed funding?
Reminder: Posters, post the claim you want checked (with link to source); Commenters, respond with FACTS (with link to source)
Trump, the Clintons, and Jeffrey Epstein
Does the working class pay more in taxes than every before?
Sources and Claims in Anti-Muslim refugees video
Holocaust denial (a refutation, not a defense) has been nominated to be a Cover Page article on RationalWiki. Support welcome!
According to the American Academy of Pediatrics, "The only way to maintain the initial effect of spanking is to systematically increase the intensity with which it is delivered, which can quickly escalate into abuse".
NY primary ballot wording may be misleading
23,144 U.S. bombs were dropped in the year 2015.
Was the Democratic Party Nomination process rigged?
Is there a substantial amount of polling that shows that Democrats don't care about foreign policy?
Obamacare: Is this person telling the truth/is it common?
New tool for fact-checking online news
Anybody else see this Baio segment? I think his history lesson sounds suspicious.
Scoring politicians' truthfulness by rolling up PolitiFact metrics
Did Napoleon say My decision to destroy the authority of the blacks in Saint Domingue (Haiti) is not so much based on considerations of commerce and money, as on the need to block for ever the march of the blacks in the world. ? (xpost from /r/askhistorians)
Obama Blocks 75 Percent of Terror Targets From Bombing
Is this Obamacare post being mis-represented?
Need sources to call bullshit on this image
Hillary said in 1998: "That Women Were the Primary Victims of War." Is that accurate when you look at all recent war casualties overall?
What is the rate of injury (NOT just death) due to firearms in the US, and how has it changed over time?
Black fathers are more present in their families lives than fathers from other races.
What has been the fact checking so far on "FBI agents are ready to revolt over the cozy ClintonProbe ? "
This email circulating about Obama's pro-Islam record
Are the people that were lifted from poverty by "The Great Society" receiving government aid?
Seeking help on costs associated with failed HRC investigations.
Rachel Maddow says Elisabeth Warren is part native american as if it's a settled fact, I thought it was just a family story with no real evidence?
was the DNC primary rigged with voting machines?
Have there been more mass shootings during president Obama's administration than several of his predecessors combined?
Is this chart of "How the Electoral Map would look if only ___ voted" true?
How credible and truthful are the popular YouTube political, social commentators (Sargon of Akkad, Nerdwriter, Paul Joseph Watson, Cult of Dusty and etc...)
Worker Productivity vs Age in US
Is this series of figures from Seth Joseph factual?
A collage of "sexual predators and perverts" is making the rounds on FB with no sources or other information. I've identified a couple of those shown in the picture but am looking for help identifying the rest, purely so I know whether the picture is accurate. FB link in text.
United States' Federal Income Revenue On Taxes
No poverty
State Department policy in place during [Clinton's
Is this New York Times article about the Republican Party legit?
"Several states have created laws that make it a criminal offense to tell a trans person to use the other facility."
Checking Jill Stein
What level of public support is there in the U.S. for deposing Assad?
This letter from (supposedly) Bernie Sanders is headline news in my country but it seems fake.
Need help finding the link to a certain satirical pollster that was writing during the primaries
Did Goldman Sachs CEO call for the breaking up of big banks?
Truthiness Question: Did Hillary break/not break any laws by using a personal email server to conduct State Department business?
How much credibility is there to this article? Supposedly Obama's cabinet was selected by a Citigroup executive
Are there "terror training camps" in the US?
Is there a connection between Director Comey and DLA Piper, a company that audited the Clinton Foundation?
6 powerful point that will crush hilary and bernie supporters.
Fact: Voter Fraud does exist and here's exactly how it happens.
Is it true that over 60% of Democrats are felons who committed violent crimes?
This image seems made up... Can anyone confirm??
Is there a connection between Director Comey and DLA Piper, a company that audited the Clinton Foundation?
Is it true that over 60% of Democrats are felons who committed violent crimes?
How much credibility is there to this article? Supposedly Obama's cabinet was selected by a Citigroup executive
Is this New York Times article about the Republican Party legit?
Are there "terror training camps" in the US?
Truthiness Question: Did Hillary break/not break any laws by using a personal email server to conduct State Department business?
This image seems made up... Can anyone confirm??
Obama has killed more people than Bush: "He's about double the numbers now" - Penn Jillette
Rachel Maddow says Elisabeth Warren is part native american as if it's a settled fact, I thought it was just a family story with no real evidence?
Hillary said in 1998: "That Women Were the Primary Victims of War." Is that accurate when you look at all recent war casualties overall?
Donald Trump: "Republicans are Dumb", why did this video disappear off the internet?
Seeking help on costs associated with failed HRC investigations.
was the DNC primary rigged with voting machines?
Have there been more mass shootings during president Obama's administration than several of his predecessors combined?
What has been the fact checking so far on "FBI agents are ready to revolt over the cozy ClintonProbe ? "
Black fathers are more present in their families lives than fathers from other races.
When adjusted for population size, black people in the US commit 25x as many violent crimes upon white people than vice versa
This email circulating about Obama's pro-Islam record
A collage of "sexual predators and perverts" is making the rounds on FB with no sources or other information. I've identified a couple of those shown in the picture but am looking for help identifying the rest, purely so I know whether the picture is accurate. FB link in text.
Is this series of figures from Seth Joseph factual?
Was the Democratic Party Nomination process rigged?
Need help finding the link to a certain satirical pollster that was writing during the primaries
Trump, the Clintons, and Jeffrey Epstein
Checking Jill Stein
State Department policy in place during [Clinton's
New tool for fact-checking online news
Obama Blocks 75 Percent of Terror Targets From Bombing
Is there a substantial amount of polling that shows that Democrats don't care about foreign policy?
23,144 U.S. bombs were dropped in the year 2015.
15-25% of Muslims dedicated to destruction of Western civilization
Is this chart of "How the Electoral Map would look if only ___ voted" true?
"Recent studies have indicated that about 80% of Republicans have authoritarian type personalities whereas only 8% of Democrats have authoritarian personalities."
Politifact ratings of the 2016 US presidential candidates - 4/30/16
Are the people that were lifted from poverty by "The Great Society" receiving government aid?
This Facebook post seems to claim that almost everything bad in the Clinton administration was due to decisions by Hillary. Did she actually have this much power?
What is the rate of injury (NOT just death) due to firearms in the US, and how has it changed over time?
Need sources to call bullshit on this image
Meme circulated by Breitbart: "Hillary Clinton approved major arms deals to Qatar, Oman, Algeria, Saudi Arabia and other dictators after they donated millions of foreign dollars to the Clinton foundation."
Politifact's 2015 Lie of the Year: Donald Trump's Campaign Misstatements
Obamacare: Is this person telling the truth/is it common?
According to the American Academy of Pediatrics, "The only way to maintain the initial effect of spanking is to systematically increase the intensity with which it is delivered, which can quickly escalate into abuse".
Did Goldman Sachs CEO call for the breaking up of big banks?
Hillary Clinton: FACT: No major company has filed for Chapter 11 more often in the last 30 years than @realDonaldTrump's casinos.
Does the working class pay more in taxes than every before?
This letter from (supposedly) Bernie Sanders is headline news in my country but it seems fake.
What level of public support is there in the U.S. for deposing Assad?
No poverty
How credible and truthful are the popular YouTube political, social commentators (Sargon of Akkad, Nerdwriter, Paul Joseph Watson, Cult of Dusty and etc...)
Worker Productivity vs Age in US
David Cross: Ayn Rand lived in public housing, and used Social Security and Medicare
Anybody else see this Baio segment? I think his history lesson sounds suspicious.
Scoring politicians' truthfulness by rolling up PolitiFact metrics
Did Napoleon say My decision to destroy the authority of the blacks in Saint Domingue (Haiti) is not so much based on considerations of commerce and money, as on the need to block for ever the march of the blacks in the world. ? (xpost from /r/askhistorians)
NPR live fact check during debate
President Obama is Officially America's Greatest Job Creator President
Holocaust denial (a refutation, not a defense) has been nominated to be a Cover Page article on RationalWiki. Support welcome!
NY primary ballot wording may be misleading
Sources and Claims in Anti-Muslim refugees video
Reminder: Posters, post the claim you want checked (with link to source); Commenters, respond with FACTS (with link to source)
RNC halted funding of Trump following the Access Hollywood tape release. Have they resumed funding?
Post Claims Trumps Tax Plan will net him $1.9mil at $75300 gross income
Fact: Voter Fraud does exist and here's exactly how it happens.
Is this Obamacare post being mis-represented?
"Several states have created laws that make it a criminal offense to tell a trans person to use the other facility."
[Bernie Sanders
False Representation of George Washington Statement
United States' Federal Income Revenue On Taxes
Trump, the Clintons, and Jeffrey Epstein
Obamacare: Is this person telling the truth/is it common?
What has been the fact checking so far on "FBI agents are ready to revolt over the cozy ClintonProbe ? "
Is this chart of "How the Electoral Map would look if only ___ voted" true?
How credible and truthful are the popular YouTube political, social commentators (Sargon of Akkad, Nerdwriter, Paul Joseph Watson, Cult of Dusty and etc...)
Need help finding the link to a certain satirical pollster that was writing during the primaries
How much credibility is there to this article? Supposedly Obama's cabinet was selected by a Citigroup executive
Fact: Voter Fraud does exist and here's exactly how it happens.
What has been the fact checking so far on "FBI agents are ready to revolt over the cozy ClintonProbe ? "
Need help finding the link to a certain satirical pollster that was writing during the primaries
Trump, the Clintons, and Jeffrey Epstein
Is this chart of "How the Electoral Map would look if only ___ voted" true?
Obamacare: Is this person telling the truth/is it common?
How credible and truthful are the popular YouTube political, social commentators (Sargon of Akkad, Nerdwriter, Paul Joseph Watson, Cult of Dusty and etc...)
RNC halted funding of Trump following the Access Hollywood tape release. Have they resumed funding?
Fact: Voter Fraud does exist and here's exactly how it happens.
Gary Johnson supports: Citizens United, TPP, Fracking, KeystoneXL. Gary Johnson opposes: any Government Action on Climate Change, Any Minimum Wage, Any Gun Control, Net Neutrality, Obamacare, Financial Regulation, any Corporate Tax, Paid Maternity or Medical Leave
One Year of Coal CEO Pay Could Retrain Every US Miner to Work in the Solar Industry
More Americans support Bernie than The Donald -- but he gets 1/23 the TV coverage
Oregon judge plans to bill Ammon Bundy up to $70,000 a day for security costs to county
Bernie on the brink: The latest New Hampshire numbers reveal a national trend - The more the public is exposed to Sanders, the more popular he becomes -- and he's got the Donald totally whipped
Sanders Calls for 50-State Strategy to 'Revitalize American Democracy': "We need to plant the flag of progressive politics in every state in this country."
Senator Who Once Railed Against Delaying SCOTUS Confirmations Says He'll Delay SCOTUS Confirmation
The most productive countries in the world also have the shortest work days
No Way Out: Philando Castile Took Gun Safety And Police Interaction Classes, Still Got Killed
A man who has declared bankruptcy four times isnt a great person to put in charge of job creation. We have too much blind faith in business leaders.
Most Americans want to replace Obamacare with a single-payer system  including a lot of Republicans
Bernie Sanders is only presidential candidate who pays his interns
Face the facts: competition and profit don't work in health, education or prisons
Trump's own bankruptcy lawyers say he lies so much they could only meet with him in pairs
Bernie Sanders Wins TIME Person of the Year Poll
Donald Trump supposedly told House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) he supports cutting Social Security but will not admit it publicly because it would hurt his election chances. He openly says he will lie to the people about it because he knows that the people are against it.
Native Americans from reservations hundreds of miles away from North Dakota have joined the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe's growing protest against a $3.8 billion four-state oil pipeline that they say could disturb sacred sites and impact drinking water for 8,000 tribal members
Sen. McConnell in 2008: "There is no Thurmond Rule." (I.e., there is no rule that justices cannot be confirmed in an election year.)
White armed occupiers were acquitted. Native American activists were tear gassed
The Kansas Experiment Continues Collapse: Revenue Off By Nearly $45M. Pay Attention, America.
McDonalds CEO Admits Obamas Economy and Higher Wages Is A Rousing Success
A Republican Candidate Said He Hoped I Got Raped: I. Hope. Somebody. Rapes. You. Today. :) is the last thing Republican candidate Mike Krawitz told me. In Trumps GOP, harassment isnt hate speechits telling it like it is.
Bernie Sanders Could Win Majority Of Colorado Delegates After Party Admits Error
Massachusetts Becomes First State Ever To Ban Employers From Asking For Salary Histories
In New York, Republicans and Democrats Join Forces to Overturn "Citizens United": Eighty percent of Republicans and 83 percent of Democrats oppose "Citizens United" and 17 states have called for a constitutional amendment to curb dark money influence.
Donald Trump talks at a fourth-grade level. Maybe thats why the Fox News audience loves him
Sanders: Welfare reform more than doubled 'extreme poverty' - Mostly True
Bernie Sanderss Legacy? The Left May No Longer Need the Rich: It might be a turning point in Democratic politics, when the power shifts from affluent liberals to the working class.
The GOP tried to sink Obama. Instead, the party imploded | If your political priorities are the total defeat of a single politician  not the advancement of your own policies  it fans the flames of extremism
Amy Goodman Is Facing Prison for Reporting on the Dakota Access Pipeline. That Should Scare Us All
Charles Barkley Urges NBA To Move All-Star Game From North Carolina Due To Anti-LGBT Law
Obamacare "is the biggest job-killer in this country -- millions of Americans have lost their jobs, have been forced into part-time work."  Ted Cruz on Thursday, January 28th, 2016 in comments during the Iowa Republican presidential debate
As Bernie Sanders points out, The media is giving up to a large degree any pretense at serious journalism, and youre moving into the trend of the USA Today  simple, and stupid, and color pictures
Trump University scandal beginning to look more like corruption -- Trump made political donations to attorneys general who quietly dropped investigations
That time Trump called for the EXECUTION OF PRISONERS WITH BULLETS DIPPED IN PIG BLOOD. On film. This has been forgotten, but let's bring it back up. We cannot let this man be normalized.
Elizabeth Warren Asks Newly-Chatty FBI Director to Explain Why DOJ Didnt Prosecute Banksters
Trump promised millions to charity. We found less than $10,000 over 7 years.
Put an Atheist on the Supreme Court - The New Yorker
Hostages were released as soon as Ronald Reagan took office because Iran perceived that America was "no longer under the command of someone weak." --  Marco Rubio on Sunday, January 17th, 2016 in an interview on "Meet the Press"
More Than Half of Americans Would Date Someone Who Cant Read over a Trump Supporter
If Ohio Bans Gerrymandering Today, There Could be Hope for American Democracy
Donald Trump absolutely did say global warming is a Chinese hoax
If the Oregon militiamen were Muslim or black, theyd be dead by now
Americans dont know crime has plummeted. In fact, they think its gone up.
Wells Fargo workers: I called the ethics line and was fired
The Justice Department Says It Will End the Use of Private Prisons
NRA Members Want To Know Why Their Organization Isnt Defending Philando Castile
Scott Walker Bankrupts Wisconsin Food BanksJust in Time for Christmas!
The GOP, an incoherent mess | "It would be terrible," wrote Wall Street Journal columnist Bret Stephens last week, "to think that the left was right about the right all these years."
61% of Virginians support restoring voting rights to former felons (61-34%)
Trump Bought $120,000 Luxury Trip With Trump Foundation Money At 2008 Charity Auction
Millennials are ripe for socialism: A generation is rising up against neoliberal oppression
If you look at Politifact, the Pulitzer Prize-winning site that examines candidates pronouncements for accuracy, 76 percent of Trumps statements are rated either mostly false, false, or pants on fire, which is to say off-the-charts false.
John Boehner slams Ted Cruz: I have never worked with a more miserable son of a bitch in my life
Michigan's drug-testing welfare program has yielded zero positive results so far
Millennials have gotten royally screwed: Thats why theyre voting for Bernie Sanders
Stop mooning over John Kasich: Hes not more reasonable than Trump, hes just better at camouflaging his agenda
Media Unimpressed as Sanders Barely Gets Seventy Per Cent of Vote
Killer Mike Introduces Bernie Sanders in Atlanta: "After spending five hours with someone who has spent the last 50 years radically fighting for your rights and mine...I am very proud tonight to announce the next President of the United States, Sen. Bernie Sanders"
Vote Distribution In Kentucky Is A 'Significant Anomaly': "the KY-Gov's race 'has to be looked at as a questionable outcome, particularly because of the discrepancies in the down ballot races. More votes in those races and not at the top...that just doesn't happen.'"
A Third Woman Alleges She Was Sexually Assaulted By Donald Trump
The Republican Party Must Answer for What It Did to Kansas and Louisiana
Dan Savage: Clinton crediting Nancy Reagan for helping AIDS victims is a f*cking lie
How Bernie Sanders Made Burlington Affordable -- As the citys mayor in the 1980s, he championed an unusual model of publicly supported housing. Its still working.
Texas's Republican Attorney General, Currently Under Indictment for Securities Fraud, Tries to Silence Former Investigator Who Revealed He Was Ordered to Drop Trump University Probe Shortly Before the Attorney General Received a $35,000 Donation from Donald Trump
Jill Stein: "Edward Snowden Should Be Brought Home With A Hero's Welcome"
Tribe outraged after Oregon militia rifle through Native American artifacts
Obama, 10 days before Orlando: "peoplehave been on ISIL websitesUS citizenson the no-fly listbut because of the NRA, I cannot prohibit those people from buying a gun. a known ISIL sympathizerwants tobuy as muchweapons and ammo as he can, nothings prohibiting himeven though the FBI knows"
The Democrats need to stop being the lesser of two evils party  starting now
Trump Hotel Bookings Plummet 60% as Global Boycott Escalates
Obama's team says the GOP earned Donald Trump; Loyalists say that after two terms of obstruction, Republicans are getting the anger candidate their rhetoric created.
North Carolina Republicans Just Admitted They've Been Illegally Hiding Ballots
Is Trump in debt to Russia? Press secretary refuses to answer. Is that why he's not releasing his tax returns?
'We need fundamental changes': US doctors call for universal healthcare -- More than 2,000 physicians want a single-payer system similar to Canadas and say the Affordable Care Act didnt go far enough
Sanders is the king of credibility in 2016 - Even more striking, the number of Democrats who consider Sanders honest and trustworthy was an astonishing 84 percent in that poll, almost 30 points higher than the same number for Clinton among Democrats
Fox News: Where Protests Against Racial Discrimination Are Anarchy But Armed Protests Against Federal Law Are "Patriotic"
Former President Jimmy Carter's cancer has stopped spreading and is "responding well to treatment," The Carter Center in Atlanta said in a statement Tuesday.
Trump insinuates the judge overseeing the Trump University case is biased because he is Mexican (actually born in IN). The judge was a US Attorney who got death threats for prosecuting Mexican cartels.
Paul Ryan is still a grifter: The GOP has become a tax-avoidance scam for the 1 percent.
Soledad OBrien eviscerates CNN: You have normalized white supremacy with shoddy Trump reporting
The Human Toll of Antonin Scalias Time on the Court: Blacks, Latinos, and poor whites suffered because of his draconian approach to criminal punishment
The real vote rigging: Republicans make it harder for millions to vote in 2016 election
CNN sinks to a stunning new low: Network suspends reporter for calling out congressional xenophobia
No, the Senates Supreme Court Blockade Has Never Happened in American History
xkcd shows graphically why "the climate has changed before" is a dumb argument
Tom Perez says union members earn median $200 a week more than nonunion workers
Bernie Sanders has the most realistic plan to boost wages and job creation
Elizabeth Warren is still mad about the financial crash, and we should be too.
'Veterans For Bernie' Say Sanders Website Blocked on Military Bases while Clinton and Trump sites allowed
GOP will block Supreme Court nominees for Clinton, too: "I promise you that we will be united against any Supreme Court nominee that Hillary Clinton, if she were president, would put up," McCain said.
Trump is lying, plain and simple, about his wealth. He knows that people could reverse engineer his tax returns and show the financial facade he has built. That's why he hides his tax returns. There's no evidence Trump is a billionaire, much less worth more than 10 billion.
Sarah Palin ludicrously claims that Bill Nye 'is as much a scientist as I am'
The ABC News Moderators Didnt Ask a Single Question About Climate Change
Girl Scouts choose transgender girls over $100,000 donation
Bernie Sanders taps his donor network to raise nearly $2 million in two days for House, Senate contenders
Retired Four-Star General: Donald Trump is an 'abusive braggart' unfit to lead our Armed Forces
Donald Trump Bragged to Press He Made a Fortune in 1984, Told the IRS It Was Zero: The year that he emerged on the New York real-estate scene as a playboy cash cow, Trumps tax returns said he made zero income.
Donald Trump Is Paying Himself to Run for President: The GOP frontrunner likes to brag that he self-funds his presidential campaign. What he doesnt mention is that hes profiting off it as well.
Physicians Demand End To 20-Year-Old Ban On Gun Violence Research
Donald Trump is not fit to be president of the United States
Bernie Sanders wins Michigan in stunning upset
GOP Senator Breaks Ranks, Calls Party's Supreme Court Strategy 'Obstructionist'
We Can Do This, America. Seven Steps to Reversing Citizens United.
The former Republican congressman who pushed legislation nearly 20 years ago that effectively banned the federal government from funding research on gun violence is calling on Congress to reverse that law.
Jon Stewart makes a return on the Late Show
Henry Rollins: White America Couldn't Handle What Black America Deals With Every Day
Arrest warrant for Amy Goodman after documenting North Dakota pipeline protests
House Republican accidentally tells the truth about voter ID
"I am running for president because it is time that Wall Street, corporate America, and the billionaire class, understand that they cannot have it all, that they are going to start paying their fair share of taxes." - Bernie Sanders
Carly Fiorina says 'Obamacare isn't helping anyone'
Robert Reich: Bernie Sanders is the only candidate of change
GOP Uses Debt They Created As An Excuse For Program Cuts
Bernie Sanders Calls Anti-Immigrant Sentiment What It Is: Racism'
The Panama Papers could hand Bernie Sanders the keys to the White House: For some Americans, Hillary Clinton is the embodiment of a global elite which benefits from tax avoidance schemes. Bernie Sanders, her opponent, is its antithesis
The Senate's 46 Democrats got 20 million more votes than its 54 Republicans
Physicist Stephen Hawking bewildered by Trump - Hawking called Trump "a demagogue who seems to appeal to the lowest common denominator
Bernie Sanders | The Young Turks Interview (FULL)
"Better Dead Than Addicted" Maine Gov. LePage Vetoes Bill Equipping Pharmacies With Opiate Overdose Reversal Drug
Ted Cruz misquotes CIA official, makes false claim on bombing ISIS oil and climate change
President Obama Is Right: It's Time for Mandatory Voting
KING: White men killed most cops in 2016, conservatives silent | "Instead, 71% of police who've been shot and killed so far in 2016 have been killed by good old-fashioned white men."
Anne Frank was a Refugee Who Was Denied Entrance to the United States
Hillary is sick of the left: Why Bernies persistence is a powerful reminder of Clintons troubling centrism
Donald Trump buys himself an attorney general for $25,000
Ted Cruz is even less electable than Donald Trump: "Cruz is calling for a 19 percent federal sales tax that would apply to all purchases of goods and services made in the United States. This is possibly the single least voter-friendly idea one could imagine"
Barack Obama says women should not be shamed for having sex while men get a pat on the back
Last year, "244 suspected terrorists walked into gun shops and attempted to purchase a firearm; 223 were able to get the firearm."  Charles Schumer on Tuesday, June 14th, 2016 in a news conference
Alabama Governor Gives Cabinet Members Huge Raises, Then Blocks Minimum Wage Increase
John Oliver, "Donald Trump can seem appealing until you take a closer look..."
When You're Accustomed To Privilege, Equality Feels Like Oppression
I'm an American living in Sweden. Here's why I came to embrace the higher taxes.
Donald Trump's attack on Khizr and Ghazala Khan hurt him more than any political gaffe yet
Gay reporter walks off set: "Today, the 'we only care about LGBT rights if Muslims are involved' brigade are out in force. As a gay man, I am proud to [have
DNC Reverses Decision And Gives Bernie Sanders Back Access To His Voter Files
Minutes after Laquan McDonald was shot 16 times, several police officers entered a Burger King located just yards from where the teen fell, demanding to view the restaurant's password-protected surveillance video. When they left two hours later, the video had an inexplicable 86-minute gap.
Oregon militia inundated with sex toys after asking supporters for supplies
It's Official: Maine Will Be Voting On Marijuana Legalization This November
Scott Walker Corruption Case Threatens to Implicate Wisconsin Supreme Court Justices
Trump Spokesperson Says Obama Invaded Afghanistan. He Didn't.
Wisconsin Republicans Were Giddy About Making It Harder To Vote:  Former Republican Legislative Aide Says Gop Legislators Were Politically Frothing At The Mouth Over Restrictive Voter ID Law.
Sanders victory over Clinton is overwhelming
Corporate Executives Are Making Way More Money Than Anybody Reports (949 times average workers, per The Atlantic)
Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia dead at 79.
Donald Trump isnt politically incorrect. Hes simply incorrect.
Employees at Trump's California golf course say he wanted to fire women who weren't pretty enough
Republicans Wish Non-Racist Nominee Donald Trump Would Stop Saying Racist Things
DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz joins hands with GOP in assault on Elizabeth Warrens consumer protection agency
The Foresight of Bernie Sanders: on the Right Side of History
Ted Cruz is more dangerous than Donald Trump
Bernie Sanders: Donald Trump Is A 'Pathological Liar' | MSNBC
Cruz: We May Block Supreme Court Forever
Obama To GOP: 'Don't Act Like This Started With Donald Trump'
Hillary Clinton Picks TPP and Fracking Advocate To Set Up Her White House
Judge orders two North Carolina congressional districts redrawn due to racial gerrymandering
The Armed Oregon Ranchers Who Want Free Land Are Already Getting A 93 Percent Discount
300 Union Plumbers Spent The Weekend Installing Water Filters For Flint Residents For Free
CNN analyst: White militiamen arent a threat like black protesters because theyre not looting anything
Scott Walker Boots 15,000 People Off Food Stamps In Three Months
Economists tested 7 welfare programs to see if they made people lazy. They didn't.
This feminist is sticking with Bernie Sanders: Why Hillary backers need to take another long, honest look
Koch Brothers Attempt to Kill Single-Payer Health Care in Colorado
Senators Ask If Wells Fargo Will Rescind $125 Million Pay Package For Executive Who Oversaw Fraud
'NYT' reveals Clinton is most hawkish candidate when it's too late to do anything about it
Republicans nominate dangerously insane person to lead America, then panic when he proves hes dangerously insane
The Daily Show Effectively Debunks 'Good Guy with a Gun' Theory
'Hang the B*tch!' 'F*g!' 'N*gger!': Uncensored Rally Videos Expose Donald Trump's America
Ultra-rich mans letter: To My Fellow Filthy Rich Americans: The Pitchforks Are Coming
Gary Johnson Has Been A Champion Of Private Prisons Throughout His Career
Donald Trump used money donated for charity to buy himself a Tim Tebow-signed football helmet
District of Columbia approves $15/hour minimum wage.
Bernie Sanders says over half of black workers earn less than $15 an hour
Longtime Republican consultant: if black people voted Republican, voter ID laws wouldn't happen
The right wing hates America: The loudest flag-waving patriots are always the dangerous hypocrites
This comic on Privilege always gets me.
New Exxon document from 1980 says There is no doubt that CO2 Pollution was a Climate Threat
Surprise! NSA data will soon routinely be used for domestic policing that has nothing to do with terrorism
Oops: Trump's Kids Ivanka And Eric Never Registered To Vote For Their Dad
Why Is It Illegal to Research the Impact of Gun Control on Public Health?
Sanders: There have been a number of studies that have come out recently which have shown that low-income people have a life expectancy significantly lower than wealthy people. In other words, poverty is a death sentence,
NPR Interview with Clinton Emerges: 'My Roots Are Conservative, I'm Proud I Was a Goldwater Girl'
Donald Trump Called Deaf 'Apprentice' Marlee Matlin 'Retarded'
Aetna CEO Threatened Obamacare Pullout If Feds Opposed Humana Merger
The Southern Baptist Convention on Tuesday urged Christians to stop displaying the Confederate battle flag, recognizing that it is perceived by many as a "symbol of hatred, bigotry and racism" that offends millions of people
Bernie Sanders Gets More Endorsements From Arizona Latino Leaders
Obama savages Republican calls to give priority to Christian refugees from Syria: US president: We do not have religious tests for our compassion
Six New Jersey newspapers call on Christie to resign
Why Justice Scalia was staying for free at a Texas resort: The trip was a gift from the ranchs owner, who just last year obtained a favorable result from the Supreme Court
Oregon militia could face more than 10 years in prison, legal experts say
Poll: Half of America Would Be Mortified if Trump Won Presidency
Madeleine Albright: ISIS Wants Us to Think Refugees Are the Enemy: "They want to divide the world between Muslims and non-Muslims, and between the defenders and attackers of Islam. By making Syrian refugees the enemy, we are playing into their hands."
356 law professors call out Senators' "preemptive abdication of duty" for refusing to consider any Supreme Court nominee. They note that Republican-appointee Anthony Kennedy was confirmed by a Democratically-controlled Senate during President Ronald Reagans last year in office. (PDF)
How Bernie Sanders Plans to Transform the Postal Service and Help Millions in Poverty
California would become the first U.S. state to require farmers to pay overtime to field workers and fruit pickers under a bill approved by the legislature on Monday and sent to Democratic Governor Jerry Brown for his approval
Native tribe to Oregon militia: 'We claim this land'
Lawmaker Who Was 'Life Member' Of NRA Quits After San Bernardino Massacre
The Panama Papers prove it: we can afford a universal basic income
The payback candidate: Trumps campaign is for conservatives seeking revenge on everyone they think disrespects them
Don't attack lawyers who defend criminals
Dealing a blow to gun supporters, a federal appeals court ruled Thursday that Americans do not have a constitutional right to carry concealed weapons in public.
The poor pay more for everyday purchases  and its getting worse, a new study warns
The truth is that the whole G.O.P. seems stuck in a time loop, saying and doing the same things over and over. And unlike Bill Murrays character in the movie Groundhog Day, Republicans show no sign of learning anything from experience.
Rubio Implodes in New Hampshire Debate By Acting Like a Broken Robot
Rachel Maddow Accuses Trump Of Deliberately Fostering Violence As A Political Strategy
Donald Trumps Confrontation With Muslim Soldiers Parents Emerges as Unexpected Flash Point
Fox News Contributor Who Claimed Hillary Clinton Was A 'Criminal' Pleads Guilty To Felony Fraud
Ben Carson admits fabricating West Point scholarship: Carson's campaign on Friday conceded that a central point in his inspirational personal story did not occur as he previously described.
The macabre truth of gun control in the US is that toddlers kill more people than terrorists do
Bernie Sanders Just Received A Valuable Veteran Endorsement
When a woman called 911 on the recent Colorado mass shooter, the dispatcher said it was legal to be carrying a rifle and they couldn't do anything. He went on to murder 3 people. Thanks, NRA.
Democrats in Talks to Downgrade Debbie Wasserman Schultz's Role at Convention
Nominating Donald Trump will end the Republican Party as we know it. So will not nominating him
Rush Limbaugh's Own Fans Turn On Him When He Fails To Understand Basic Science
Bruce Campbell Calls Out Hoax: Bloodied Trump Supporter Is Actually an Evil Dead Actress
This is how fascism comes to America: "The Republican Partys attempt to treat Donald Trump as a normal political candidate would be laughable were it not so perilous to the republic."
Revealed: Environmental officials warned Snyder administration not to use water that poisoned Flint
Clintons pledge to forgive student debt of entrepreneurs, not average workers, will benefit the elite
Colorados Single-Payer Healthcare System Is Under Attack By The Koch Brothers
New Bill Could Stop Cable & Phone Companies From Taking Away Customers Right To Sue.
Right-Wing Extremists are a bigger threat to America than ISIS
Congress Votes Yet Again To Defund Planned Parenthood
Trump crosses the Nazi line: Maybe Muslims should wear special ID badges
The Trump campaign just selected a white nationalist leader as one of its delegates in California
Most Americans want gun owners, but not Muslims, to submit to a government registry
It's beyond debate that Donald Trump is unfit to be president
Bernie Sanders Is Making Surprising Gains With Less Affluent Whites
Gov. Walker Resumes His War on Workers
After 15-Hour Filibuster, Republicans to Allow Votes on Gun-Control Measures
Mitch McConnell is leading the Senate Republicans off a cliff over the Supreme Court nomination and here's the poll that proves it:
Even if Sanders wins the popular vote, Clinton could still get the nomination: The Democratic party decides its nominee in a massively undemocratic way  and is a ticking time bomb for the party and its voter base if Bernie keeps winning
Its not just Donald Trump: Half of Republicans share his views on immigrants and refugees
More Trump tapes surface with crude sex remarks
Quentin Tarantino: The police would rather start fights with celebrities than examine why the public has lost trust in them
The Justice Department Will End All Federal Private Prisons, Following a Nation Investigation
California Politicians Could Soon be Forced to Wear Logos of Top Corporate Donors
Donald Trump is conning us all: The man believes in nothing but his own will to power
The Right-Wing Response to Paris is Everything Terrorists Could Want
RNC forced to close online convention chat after anti-Semites turn it into a Jew-bashing hatefest
As Our Jobs Are Automated, Some Say We'll Need A Guaranteed Basic Income
Mike Pence repeatedly denies Trump statements during VP debate
Another reason to hate Mylan, which jacked up the price of life-saving EpiPens: It's a tax dodger
Wash. Post Fact Checker Slams Media For Their Reluctance To Challenge Trumps Repeated Misstatements
Hillary Is Already Triangulating Against Liberals: Her new attack on Bernie Sanders' single-payer health care plan shows her indifference to progressive voters
Trump recorded having extremely lewd conversation about women in 2005
Robert Reich explains why Donald Trump is not a successful businessman.
Sanders: Democratic convention could be 'messy': Democracy is not always nice and quiet and gentle.
There's a little known Supreme Court election going on in Wisconsin on Tuesday that could help put a stop to Scott Walker's destructive policies
Moderate John Kasich Just Defunded Planned Parenthood In Ohio
Pence says abortions will become illegal if Trump wins
We are not anti police. We are anti-our-people-being-murdered-in-the-streets.
More black people were killed by US police in 2015 than were lynched in the worst year of Jim Crow
Two-Thirds Of Americans Say Trump Is Biased Against Women, Minorities, & Muslims; 64 Percent Call Trump Unqualified To Serve As President
Bernie Sanders to Appear on HBO's Real Time with Bill Maher TONIGHT at 10PM
Ex-Staffer: Wisconsin GOPers Cheered Voter ID Bill For What It 'Could Do For Us'
Trump Wants Supreme Court Justice Who Thinks Social Security & Medicare Is Unconstitutional
A million Ohio voters didn't get absentee ballot mailing
Elizabeth Warren Has Basically Had It With Paul Krugman's Big Bank Nonsense
Trump Foundation starts to look like a slush fund
Bernie Sanders tells Colbert his supporters are smart enough not to vote for bigot Trump
Voter ID Laws Result in Fewer Non-White People Voting and Favor Republicans, Says Study
Union decline lowers wages of nonunion workers: The overlooked reason why wages are stuck and inequality is growing
The GOPs War on Voting Is Working: Wisconsin and Minnesota are case studies in the difference between Republican and Democratic rule.
Minnesota Rolls Out Free High-Speed Internet Funded by Taxing the Rich.
Study Finds Republican Voter Suppression Is Even More Effective Than You Think
Governor Snyder: "I Have No Memory" Of Deleting Flint Water Crisis Emails
Michigan Republicans Are Trying To Change Election Law To Stop Liberal Ballot Initiatives
5 Latinos Killed by US Cops This Weekand Media Ignored It
The Colorado Supreme Court refused Monday to take up the case of a suburban Denver baker who would not make a wedding cake for a same-sex couple, letting stand a lower court's ruling that the Masterpiece Cakeshop owner cannot cite his Christian beliefs in refusing service
Time to Transform Bernies's Campaign Into a Permanent Organization
30% of Republicans Would Support Bombing Aladdin's Homeland of Agrabah
Donald Trump, Debate Loser, Makes Sad Attempt at Damage Control
George H.W. Bush slams iron-ass Cheney, arrogant Rumsfeld in new biography. Also faults Bush 43.
In acquitting the Oregon militants, a white jury determines that the law doesnt apply to white protesters
Sanders crushes Clinton in Alaska and Washington Democratic caucuses
How Obama, Dems plan to win fight on high court - "This is not a judge fight; its so much more. Its about Obama being denied the common courtesy given to every president before, said a senior Democratic aide. The options are unlimited. We just have to not screw it up."
2 Abortion Foes Behind Planned Parenthood Videos Are Indicted - "A grand jury here that was investigating allegations of misconduct against Planned Parenthood has instead indicted two anti-abortion activists who made videos of the organization."
Ted Cruz Challenged Science At His Climate Change Hearing. Science Won.
Poll: Most Americans think attacks on abortion clinics are "domestic terrorism"
Entire NFL Team Set To Protest National Anthem On Sunday
Big Pharma is outspending proponents of Amendment 69 in Colorado 6:1. If Single Payer passes in CO, it'll be a big step forward for the rest of the country to do the same! Donate now to show big Pharma that we're a force to be reckoned with!
Bernie Sander's delegates and alternates in Washington State must show up May 21st. at the congressional district caucuses or Bernie loses delegates. Don't be misled by the media.
Anti-Obama march organizer fatally shoots right-wing militant buddy in drunken dispute over gun
Trump Makes White Nationalist Proposal; Media Doesn't Notice
Coalition of Native American Tribes Fight to Stop Pipeline Along Major Rivers
Floridas war on women: State passes massive anti-choice bill to shut down access to abortion and contraception
Clinton has NEVER been a leader against Wall Street -- 5 reasons her answer last night was obscene
Rep. Mia Love wants to limit congressional bills to one subject at a time
Harvard Psychologist Explains Trump Is Dangerous Because Hes Literally a Narcissistic Psychopath
Hillary Clinton's superdelegates should stop whining: Why Sanders supporters have every right to challenge their super-votes
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders is set to pick up one of his biggest endorsements yet Thursday from the powerful Communications Workers of America union
Trump's Tax Plan: A Million-Dollar Giveaway to the 0.1%
Hard Time. The U.S. Is the Only Country That Routinely Sentences Children to Life in Prison Without Parole
Retired Politicians Launch Attack on Big Money Politics: 'A bipartisan group of 108 retired high-level politicians called for fairly ambitious reforms of the U.S. campaign finance system at an event on Capitol Hill on Thursday'
Trump Paid Union-Busters $500,000 In Failed Effort To Keep Maids From Unionizing At His Hotel
Ex-McCain aide: 'Assh*le' Trump might literally go insane when he starts losing to Hillary
Everything Senator Ted Cruz said about climate change in this NPR interview was wrong.
A 15$ minimum wage could disrupt an economy based on crappy jobs  and thats a good thing.
With 3 Wins, Bernie Sanders Claims the Momentum Is On His Side
Federal judges have struck down nearly 30 North Carolina House and Senate districts as illegal racial gerrymanders but will allow state legislative elections to be held using them this fall
Texas Planned Parenthood Receives Big Donation To Help Cover Birth Control, STD Tests
Illma Gore: 'If anyone is going to be threatened by a small penis, it's Trump': Artist whose painting of nude Trump went viral gives her account of being the target of his campaigns hate machine and being physically attacked in LA
Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia said it was not up to courts to grant LGBT legal protections and in the process, compared gay people to pedophiles
Donald Trump signed off deal designed to deprive US of tens of millions in tax
Gun broker cancels sale of George Zimmerman's gun used to kill Trayvon Martin
Trump took $17 million for hurricane damage that staff, officials do not recall
Sanders beats Clinton in Wisconsin
Critics Aghast at 'Disgusting Speech' Clinton Just Gave to AIPAC
FBI joins Flint, Michigan water investigation
Benghazi committee tops $5 million in spending
Memphis Police Department Threatens To Demote Black Cops If They Keep Complaining About Racism
Most Republicans Feel Embarrassed by Campaign, Poll Says
Denial, paranoia and bigotry: Obama warns against Republican ugliness and they immediately prove him right
Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio officially charged with criminal contempt
Thomas Frank: Hillary Clinton needs to wake up. Trump is stealing the voters she takes for granted. For the first time in living memory, the Republicans are outflanking the Democrats on the left. If they dont rise to the challenge, theyll be trounced
Debbie Wasserman Schultz Has Joined Republicans to Declare War on Elizabeth Warren
Dont blame Obama for gridlock -- Mitch McConnell just needs to admit that he thinks President Obama was elected to 3/5 of a term.
Union members are calling on the public to boycott Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump's businesses nationwide because he isn't negotiating a contract with the more than 500 eligible workers at his high-rise Las Vegas hotel
If he wins the presidency, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump would seek to purge the federal government of officials appointed by Democratic President Barack Obama and could ask Congress to pass legislation making it easier to fire public workers, Trump ally, Chris Christie, said
Supreme Court Strikes Down Strict Texas Abortion Law
Donald Trump moves to block the release of his video testimony in university lawsuit: "he looks like Richard Nixon during Watergate"
Donald Trump wants American politics to be a 'safe space' for him: the controversial demagogue has threatened Jeff Bezos with antitrust lawsuits because the Washington Post (which Bezos owns) is assigning reporters to 'dig into' his life
The Return of the 1920s - "America is again caught between nationalists longing for the glories of an imagined past, and activists invoking ideals the nation has never yet attained."
Ben Carson Campaign Admits Claim Of West Point Acceptance Is False
Flint mother who was one of the first to sue over water crisis found shot to death
Bernie Sanders, Union-Buster : More than a dozen local labor organizations have endorsed the Vermont senator, even though their national leaders have picked Hillary Clinton.
Louis C.K. Compares Donald Trump to Hitler: Hes an Insane Bigot
The GOP Ignores the Bigger Terror Threatfrom the Right
Was a Trump Server Communicating With Russia? This spring, a group of computer scientists set out to determine whether hackers were interfering with the Trump campaign. They found something they werent expecting.
The biggest story of the year is how Republicans starved the economy | Eclectablog
Pro-Trump white supremacist stabs and cuts interracial couple, says he wants to go to Trump rally, attack more blacks
It's Time for Clinton to Put Up or Shut Up on TPP: Progressives are Watching
Cirque du Soleil cancels North Carolina shows to protest LGBT law
Almost Half of All American Workers Make Less Than $15 an Hour
Trump supporter tells CBS: He will make America great again like it was before the homosexuals
Texas Has Developed Worlds Highest Maternal Mortality Rate
Why Isnt the Press Confronting Trump on His Marital Affairs?
If All Lives Matter, Don't Tell Me About Alton Sterling's Criminal History, Explain To Me Why He's Dead For Selling CD's
Orlando gunman had been investigated twice for terror ties, but was able to legally buy two guns
The Conservative Era Is Over: Antonin Scalias death has already changed the way the Supreme Courtand conservative litigantsdo business.
Matt Lauers Pathetic Interview of Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump Is the Scariest Thing Ive Seen in This Campaign
Cruz Says All Christian Terrorist Attacks Were Centuries Ago, Forgets About The One Last Week
President Barack Obama is laying out a blueprint for addressing unsolved problems with his signature health law, including a renewed call for a "public option" to let Americans buy insurance from the government
Paul Ryan unveils plan to set fire to the American health-care system
Heritage Foundation President Says Voter ID Helps Conservatives Win Elections
Your Taxes Are Being Spent on Making It Harder for Americans to Vote
White House urges ban on non-compete agreements for many workers
Former Fox News Booker Says She Was Sexually Harassed and Psychologically Tortured by Roger Ailes for More Than 20 Years
Donald Trump sued for fraud in California and New York: Mired in controversy over his remarks on immigration and Muslims, the billionaire mogul and Republican front-runner is accused of misleading students at Trump University
Ted Cruz Invited A Right-Wing Radio Host To Testify On Climate Science And He Gave This Insane Rant
Trumps economic team is loaded with the same Tea Party cranks who destroyed Kansass economy
Trump SCOTUS pick William Pryor would have let states jail LGBT people for having sex in their homes
A report that analyzed every minimum-wage hike since 1938 should put a bunch of nonsense ideas to rest
Donald Trumps Christmas Present to His Fellow Millionaires: An analysis finds that the Republican frontrunners tax plan reserves its greatest benefits for the wealthiest Americans
Sanders' Bill Would End US Prohibition Of Marijuana
A Vote for Donald Trump Is a Vote for Bigotry
Virginia Will No Longer Recognize Concealed Carry Handgun Permits From 25 States
Ohio Becomes Latest State To Vote Down Gerrymandering
George Takei compares Trump fear-mongering to anti-Japanese hysteria during WWII
Kentucky's Governor Dramatically Cut Education Funding. Now He's Getting Sued.
Increasing Calls for Arrest of Michigan Governor as Poisoned Water Scandal Explodes
Carsons real scandal is his ignorance
Fatigue, Migraines Linked to Fracking as Case Builds for National Ban
Trump tells California 'there is no drought'
Speaking to the Illinois General Assembly yesterday, President Obama came down hard in favor of a bill the states legislature is considering that would automatically register eligible citizens to vote when they interact with the Department of Motor Vehicles and other state agencies
Rachel Maddow: Fox News accuses presenter of political bias | "Fox News has accused MSNBC anchor Rachel Maddow of political bias and said she was the wrong choice of moderator for the latest Democrat debate - because she has left-wing views herself."
Solar Delivers Cheapest Electricity Ever, Anywhere, By Any Technology.
They only want to honor white men: The pathetic conservative meltdown over the Harriet Tubman $20 bill exposes the rights petty identity politics
America's lead poisoning problem isn't just in Flint. Its everywhere.
Sanders calls on Michigan Gov. Snyder to resign over Flint water crisis
Black Lives Matter Protester Tackled, Beaten by Crowd at Trump Rally in Alabama
Hillary Clinton just slimed Bernie Sanders with a discredited Rupert Murdoch attack on single-payer health care
A Sanders comeback would be unprecedented
Donald Trumps Right That the Game Is Riggedfor Him to Make Money by Running
House Unanimously Passes Bill To Allow 9/11 Lawsuits Against Saudi Arabia
Alabama Surrenders In Fight Against Planned Parenthood; The state will pay Planned Parenthood's legal fees after failed suit.
How the GOP almost forced a Social Security disaster: Everything you need to know about their disgraceful hostage-taking
Trump's campaign manager accidentally admits Trump broke the law on live TV
US Army reservist sues 'Muslim-free' gun range for asking him to leave: Rajaee Fatihah says Save Yourself Survival and Tactical Gun Range in Oklahoma was welcoming until he identified himself as a Muslim
Ryan calls off plans to campaign with Trump; GOP-ers rush to distance themselves
A Corporate Democratic Party Is Hostile Ground for Sanders
Donna Brazile shreds Palin: Blaming Obama for Track's assault charge is 'a damn lie'
Marco Rubio: women with Zika should not be allowed abortions. Florida senator and former presidential candidate says he will err on the side of life even if babies will have microcephaly. Meanwhile GOP Gov Scott has spent $2m of $26m of anti-mosquito funds after prior 40% cut.
PGA can't get sponsors at Trump golf course, moves tournament to Mexico. Trump loses mind
Man beaten up for taking his 5 year old daughter into men's restroom.
Elizabeth Warren Opens A Can Of Whoop Ass On Ted Cruz And It's Spectacular - FreakOutNation
President Obama Just Vetoed a Bill That Would Have Blocked Millions of Patients from Receiving Care at Planned Parenthood Health Centers
Trumps Vegas Hotel Spent Half A Million Dollars To Stop Maids From Unionizing -- And Yet The Candidate Claims To Be A Friend Of Regular Working People.
An Open Letter to Trump Voters from His Top Strategist-Turned-Defector: "He certainly was never prepared or equipped to go all the way to the White House, but his ego has now taken over the drivers seat, and nothing else matters
How the 'New York Times' Sandbagged Bernie Sanders
Are you starting to soften on Donald Trump? Dont.
'Huge Victory': Walmart Illegally Fired Striking Workers, Judge Rules
"Throughout history you've had demagogues trying to divert attention from the real issues. What somebody like Trump is trying to do is divide us up." - Bernie Sanders
Another neocon endorses Clinton, calling her 2016s real conservative and the candidate of the status quo
Rock star Bruce Springsteen on Friday canceled a concert scheduled for this weekend in North Carolina in protest over the state's new law restricting public toilet use based on gender identity by transgender individuals
Krugman: "I keep being told about terrible things the Clintons did that never actually happened, but were carefully fomented right-wing legends  except Im hearing them from people on the left."
Rape victim could be punished under Brigham Young Universitys honor code: Students protest over case of sophomore Madi Barney, who publicly revealed she was raped and then punished for violating the mormon schools bylaws
How Dark Money Flows Through the Koch Network: This week, the Koch Brothers announced that they will inject nearly $900 million into the 2016 elections. In this interactive graphic, originally published in February 2014, ProPublica explored how money flows through the Koch's tangled web.
Donald Trump is Radicalizing his Followers: Terrorism Expert Explains How Trump is Marching Americans Towards Extremism.
Nothing left but the dog whistle: Trump, real America and the death of the conservative movement
USA TODAY exclusive: Hundreds allege Donald Trump doesnt pay his bills
Sanders Is Prepared To Be A Liberal Thorn In Clintons Side
Britain issues warning for LGBT travelers visiting North Carolina and Mississippi
Texas attorney general could be disbarred for telling clerks to violate US Constitution
Move Over, Jihadists  Sovereign Citizens Seen as Americas Top Terrorist Threat | VICE News
Kurdish Women Fighting ISIS Send Solidarity to BlackLivesMatter
Trump Hangs Up When WaPo Reporters Ask Him About Posing As Publicist
North Dakota Loses Abortion Case, Must Pay $245,000 to Abortion Rights Group
Bernie Sanders is giving Hillary Clinton a real run for the nomination
Happy Labor Day! There Has Never Been a Middle Class Without Strong Unions
Trump in 1994: 'Putting a wife to work is a very dangerous thing'
Taxpayers spending $153 billion to subsidize low wages at Walmart, McDonalds, etc
Trump just faced his first big leadership test. He failed miserably.
Planned Parenthood is suing the criminal enterprise behind those undercover videos
In a literally world-changing deal that was almost unthinkable just a year ago, some two hundred leading nations unanimously embraced a plan that will leave most of the world's fossil fuels unburned.
Anti-government militants who seized a federal wildlife refuge in Oregon earlier this year conspired to intimidate government workers and steal property, a heavily armed invasion that was not protected by the U.S. Constitution, prosecutors said
Flint mayor: GOP candidates were as dismissive of concerns as state was
Unemployment rate drops below 5%, reaches 8-year low
Texas: We don't need academics to fact-check our textbooks -- The latest controversy of Texas textbooks involved African slaves being described as 'workers.' Texas education officials rejected a proposal that would require university academics to fact-check the textbooks
Police have been safer under Obama administration than every president in 35 years: analysis
Bernie Sanders has soared to a 13-point lead over Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire in a Fox News survey out Friday, nearly a month to the day that primary voters will make their decision at the polls on Feb. 9.
Nearly 400 Anti-Abortion Bills Were Introduced Across the Country This Year
Two-Thirds of Americans Want U.S. to Join Climate Change Pact
Clinton Is Worse Off Thanks To Comments By Feminist Icons, Says Progressive Editor
Donald Trump's favorite anti-immigrant sheriff may finally lose an election
Hate, unleashed: How Donald Trump unleashed the right-wing bigots that the GOP once kept under control
Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders Agree to Debate
Elizabeth Warren Wants To Take Down TurboTax
Noam Chomsky: The Republicans have moved so far to the right that they are unable to get votes with their actual policies: dedication to the welfare of the very rich and the corporate sector. This time the base is out of control, and the establishment is almost going berserk.
Ex-cop Daniel Holtzclaw was just sentenced to 263 years in prison for raping black women
The Tea Party Is Slowly Dying, But It's Being Replaced By Fascism | "The Republican Party is lurching away from the Tea Party and toward a frightening marriage of religious fanaticism and fascism. Based on history, this cannot end well, at all."
Trump Tax Records Obtained by The Times Reveal He Could Have Avoided Paying Taxes for Nearly Two Decades
Al Gore: 'Consider me exhibit A' for why each vote matters
Two state health researchers in Texas are under fire for co-authoring a study suggesting what Republican leaders have long disputed: cuts to Planned Parenthood are restricting access to women's health care
FBI Recommends No Criminal Charges Against Hillary Clinton
NRA Board Member Nugent Calls For 'Cleansing' The Country Of Liberals
US corporations have $1.4tn hidden in tax havens, claims Oxfam report
Bernie Sanders Will Become President, Despite Rigged Debate Schedules, Skewed Polls, and Clinton's 'Inevitability'
Whoops: Pro-Donald Trump super PAC publishes donor credit card numbers
Trump Says He Will Delegate Supreme Court Appointments To The Heritage Foundation
The Planned Parenthood Shooting Survivors Finally Speak Out: The workers who survived the 2015 shooting can't tell you their names - but they want you to know their story.
America Deserves an Apology from the Republican Party for Giving Us Trump
Hillary Clinton, Who Used to Sell Fracking Around the World, Denounces Fracking at Debate
Robert Reich (Why a Single-Payer Healthcare System is Inevitable)
12 Things Sarah Palin Just Said, In What We Can Only Assume Is Real Life
Anderson Cooper asked Donald Trump 4 times about his sexual assault bragging. Trump kept dodging.
Republicans Sat In For Oil. Democrats Are Sitting In For Gun Control.
Economists tested 7 welfare programs to see if they made people lazy. They didn't.
Bernie Sanders Picks Up 3 More Vermont Superdelegates: One of those superdelegates Secretary of State Jim Condos says Sanders showing in the Vermont primary cemented his decision to pledge for the Vermont senator. Its unprecedented for a candidate to win their own state by such an immense margin
Sanders Adviser Suggests Staffer That Breached Voter Data May Have Been DNC Plant
NYPD Cop Secretly Records His Supervisor Telling Him to Racially Profile Black Men  Then Leaks the Tape
Supreme Court Blocks Louisiana Abortion Law
Memo to GOP: Forget your obstructionist policies. They backfired.
New Fracking Study Pulls Rug Out From Under "Safe" Fracking Study
The rich are still getting richer in the U.S., with the wealthiest 10% controlling three-quarters of all family wealth in the country. U.S. family wealth totaled $67 trillion in 2013
Donald Trump picked a white nationalist as a delegate, and blamed it on a "database error"
North Carolina Starts To Face Real Economic Consequences For Anti-LGBT Law
Trump spokesperson's horrific defense of immigration ban: 'So what? They're Muslim'
School cafeteria workers sent a clear message that there are consequences to putting corporate profit ahead of childrens nutrition, voting out a majority on the Bristol (Connecticut) Board of Education that tried to outsource school lunch service.
Is government regulation really so bad for business? | . "Between 2000 and 2010, the benefits of regulations substantially exceeded the costs in fact, on average, the value of the benefits was about seven times the cost."
Clinton in 1996: My beliefs are rooted in conservatism
Sen. Elizabeth Warren releases report criticizing criminal justice system: Putting a law on the books is only the first step, Warren said in the release. The second, and equally important, step is enforcing that law."
Americas most gerrymandered congressional districts - The Washington Post
Sen. Bernie Sanders predicts #PanamaPapers in 2011
Debate rips open GOP wounds, and party risks tearing itself apart
Yes, the armed Oregon occupiers would be raided if they werent white  same goes if they were leftists
North Carolina GOPs new argument against early voting: People could die before Election Day
Bernie Sanders Makes Strong Showing In New Polls
Bernie Sanders's new fundraising numbers are really amazing
Donald Trump's companies destroyed or hid documents in defiance of court orders
New Data Offer First Infuriating Glimpse At How The Richest 0.001 Percent Pay Income Taxes
Christopher Simcox, a founder of the now-disbanded Minuteman border patrol group, has been sentenced in Arizona to more than 19 years in prison for sexual abuse of a 5-year-old girl
Trickle-Down to Keep-the-Worker-Down: It's Not the "Skills Gap" Driving Down Wages
Obama renews call for gun control after Planned Parenthood shooting
Sunday's Doonesbury skewers Exxon execs.
Want a Better Economy? History Says Vote Democrat!
Ku Klux Klan info leaked by Anonymous; Mayors, Senators, Alabama KKK group included
Scientists: Earth Endangered by New Strain of Fact-Resistant Humans
The 911 Call That Prompted Police To Shoot An Unarmed Therapist Pokes Holes In The Police Narrative
Ammon Bundy and 7 others arrested, 1 dead in Oregon standoff
Kentuckys Governor looks to be aimed at making lives of states poor even more problematic | "... Bevin is plotting feverishly to transform Kentucky into a banana republic  a second rate one, at that."
Supreme Court Hears Death Penalty Case Where Texas Argued Being Black = More Violent
Senate votes down gun control proposals in wake of Orlando shootings
San Francisco Finds Giving The Homeless Supportive Housing Costs Less Than Doing Nothing
We Can Stop Pretending Any of the 2016 Republicans Believe in Science
Fox News poll confirms: Hillary Clinton won the debate in a landslide
Trump's Musings On Nukes May Be Most Disqualifying Thing He's Done
The End Of A Republican Party
The Yelp employee who wasn't making enough to eat and was fired for blogging about it
Stanford Swimmer Who Raped Unconscious Woman Gets Short Sentence Because Jail Would Have a Severe Impact on Him
White male cop gets fired for threatening black child on Facebook.
Texas's Anti-LGBT Republican Lt Gov Faces Backlash for Bible Verse Tweet After Attack at Orlando Gay Club
Obama Wanted to Cut Social Security. Then Bernie Sanders Happened.
Comcast gets big tax break that was designed for Google Fiber
Congressman Slams Planned Parenthood On Live TV During Active Shooting At Planned Parenthood Clinic
Georgia Republican Senator David Perdue just call for a prayer that President Obama will soon die and for Malia and Sasha to be vagabond beggars
Why I am Pro-Abortion, not Just Pro-Choice
With Obamacare, "You have no options .. you can't get competitive bidding."  Donald Trump on Sunday, February 21st, 2016 in an interview on "Meet the Press"
J.K. Rowling says Trump is worse than Voldemort
The Senators Who Voted Against Background Checks Have Received $27 Million From the NRA
Whatever Is Actually In Trumps Tax Returns Is Worse Than What The New York Times Says
Nick Hanauer Flattens Right Wing Lies On Minimum Wage
There were only 14 days in all of 2015 when police didn't kill anyone
The Supreme Court Just Ruled In Favor Of The Police State, And Sonia Sotomayor Is Not Having It
Donald Trump Is a Fraud: I Am a Member of the White Working Class, and We Must Not Fall for His Lies - When you are one illness or broken-down car from losing everything, it's scary. But Donald Trump is not the answer.
Can Bernie Sanders Upset Hillary Clinton in New York?
George Bush Sr book reveals a more dangerous Dick Cheney than anyone knew
Armed Trump Supporter Stands Outside Democrat's Office For 12 Hours
Don't Let Mississippi Establish Anti-Gay Religion
Trumps Delusions of Competence: "the idea that Donald Trump, of all people, knows how to run the U.S. economy is ludicrous."
Cop in Sandra Bland case accuses prosecutors of coverup
Sgt. James Brown, 26, Survived Two Tours in Iraq Only to Die Begging for His Life in Texas Jail
Jill Stein insists Trump is less dangerous than Clinton  and attacks Bernie Sanders as a DC insider
The Bernie Generation: The millennials who support Bernie Sanders have low expectations but high hopes
Judges Across The Country Are Shaking Down Poor People
Trump Is Charming, and Hitler Loved Dogs: "Trumps candidacy, his message, is fascist - fascist to the core"
MSNBC Cuts Away From Bernie Sanders as He Condemns Trans-Pacific Partnership
Toxic Reform Law Will Gut State Rules on Dangerous Chemicals
How Stronger Unions Could Fix Our Economy  And Our Politics
To young people in the UK, Brexit is a door closingand a sign that hate is winning
Trump's income tax returns once became public. They showed he didn't pay a cent.
Ted Cruz Didnt Disclose Loan From Goldman Sachs for His First Senate Campaign
The Coup in Chile: How the reasonable men of capitalism orchestrated horror in Chile 43 years ago today.
Mike Pence Argued In An Op-Ed That Disney's "Mulan" Was Liberal Propaganda
Ted Cruz visit to Bronx high school canceled after students threaten a walkout: His views are against ours
Sheriff Joe Arpaio may finally go to jail because of racial profiling practices
Judge orders Trump to pay nearly $300,000 in attorney's fees for stiffing painting contractor
Trump Is Still Making Money Off His Defunct University
McConnell: No New Supreme Court Justice Until The NRA Approves Of The Nominee
Veterans like Bernie Sanders: If you think its too expensive to take care of veterans, dont send them to war.
When Donald Trump gets in a hole, he just keeps digging. And digging. And digging.
Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore appeared before a judicial discipline panel Wednesday to answer accusations that he tried to block gay couples from marrying in the Deep South state
Philly Cop Exposed as Neo-Nazi After BLM Protest Photos Emerge
Bernie Sanders advocates converting to 100% renewable energy ASAP. As a worldwide issue United States needs to take leadership in combating climate change
Panama Papers: Obama, Clinton Pushed Trade Deal Amid Warnings It Would Make Money Laundering, Tax Evasion Worse
Clash of Republicans Con Men
Dad and his 7-year-old daughter held at gunpoint in terrifying encounter with out-of-control AZ cop
Here are 5 disturbing things you should know about Trumps likely VP pick Mike Pence
NRA-Backed Legislator: We Cant Take Syrian Refugees Because Its Too Easy For Them To Buy Guns
How Trump and Christie Colluded to Steal $25 Million From NJ Taxpayers
EpiPen costs have soared 450 percent [ No, It's the .1% TOTAL WAR on the Middle Class. 
Former Texas Regulator Said He Was Muzzled For Investigating Trump University
Poll: Trump nomination sparks more fear than hope
New poll of millennial voters shows clear shift toward Democrats, away from Trump
Tic Tac Denounces Donald Trump
A lack of worldliness clouds many Americans' views on everything from economics to sex to religion
It's Official: None Of The Remaining Major GOP Candidates Accept Climate Science
Major Study Finds The US Is An Oligarchy
Senate Republicans Won't Hold SCOTUS Confirmation Hearing. They're Holding These Hearings Instead.
Obama Signs Emergency Order Over Flint Water
Emmett Till memorial in Mississippi is now pierced by bullet holes
Donald Trump rants about tax returns bombshell on Twitter but doesn't deny anything
Hillary Clinton Campaign Says She Would Reschedule Marijuana
Elizabeth Warren Hits Back at Donald Trump Attacks
Spike Lee endorses Sanders, tells voters to 'wake up'
Liberals Turn to Cities to Pass Laws and Spread Ideas
Conservatives Should Blame Capitalism for the 'War on Christmas': Liberals arent the Ones Who Replaced the Spirit of Christmas with Soulless Commercialism.
A Flint resident is asking for a grand jury investigation of Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder's decision to use at least $2 million in state funds for his legal representation related to criminal probes of the city's water crisis
One Year Later, Planned Parenthood Says 'Sting' Videos Had Opposite Effect
Green party's Jill Stein invites Bernie Sanders to take over ticket
Every Single Voter Registration Switched By Glitch Affected Democratic Voter
Politico Hits Back At Carson Camp: No, We Didnt Retract The Story
10 People Who Say Trump Has Cheated Them Out of Money
By Opposing Obama, the Republicans Created Trump
What Went Wrong With The South Is What Went Wrong With America: The South's Economic Dependence Upon Cheap, Exploitative Labor, Meant There were Few Wealth opportunities and Litte Investment in Community Resources Like Schools, Transportation, and Health Care for Those Outside the Economic Elite.
The Growing Case for Massive Taxes on the Rich
Black drivers stopped by Vermont State Police were five times more likely to be searched than white drivers, even though contraband was more likely to be found when white motorists were searched, according to a report on five years of traffic-stop data
Police Chief: Bernie Is the First Candidate to Ever Offer and Pay Police Overtime
Senator Lindsey Graham is ending his presidential campaign, he told CNN during an exclusive interview airing Monday.
Fox News O'Reilly Segment 'Watters' World' Utterly Racist Chinatown Edition
Trump used $258,000 from his charity to settle legal problems
The Legal Case for Blocking the Dakota Access Pipeline: Did the U.S. government help destroy a major Sioux archeological site?
GOP wants to gut agency Elizabeth Warren formerly headed
Trumps War On Climate Action Would Ensure A World Of Wars
Black Americans for a Better Future Super PAC 100% Funded by Rich White Guys
Sanders Scores Progressive Endorsements Over Clinton
Gary Johnson is not worth any liberals protest vote. -- Hes a free-market ideologue who would work to undermine large pieces of the lefts program.
Corporate America Is Just 6 States Short of a Constitutional Convention
We Just Watched The Republican Party Kill Itself: With Donald Trumps RNC 2016 Nomination, The Republican Party Is Dead. And All The Conservative Activists Here In Cleveland Know It.
Donald Trump and the Central Park Five: the racially charged rise of a demagogue | In 1989 five young black men were wrongfully convicted of raping a woman jogging in New York City. Leading the charge against them was the real estate mogul
Showing once again his support for the common man, Senator Bernie Sanders has taken on the Walmart corporation for its exploitation of its workers and this time Sanders hit the $130 billion plus Walmart family square in the face with an honest pie.
It Is Time to Phase Out 9 Unnecessary Oil and Gas Tax Breaks
Like It or Not, the Democratic Party Now Must Answer to Millennials
After Defending His Own Family Time, Paul Ryan Refuses To Support Paid Family Leave
Trump Jr. Suggested Women Who Can't Take Harassment "Don't Belong In The Workforce"
All of the Sept. 11 attackers entered the United States using tourist, business or student visas. Since then, most of the attackers in the United States claiming or appearing to be motivated by extremist Islam were born in this country or were naturalized citizens. None were refugees.
Wisconsin Begins Drug Testing For Unemployment And Food Stamp Applicants, Which May Be Illegal
Khizr Khan, the father of a Muslim US soldier slain in Iraq in 2004, said Sunday that Donald Trump has a "black soul," indicating he lacks empathy and compassion.
Thousands of voters in limbo after Kansas demands proof they're American
Did Donald Trump Just Hand the Senate to Elizabeth Warren? -- Progressives might be unhappy she didnt run for president. But shes been playing a long game no one is talking about.
Wow, the Republicans really dont understand how they created Donald Trump
I Went to a Trump Rally Expecting Violence, What I Found Was Quiet Desperation
Trump continues to blast Central Park Five long after they were exonerated: 'They admitted they were guilty'
Illinois suspends business with Wells Fargo
U.S. companies tout climate policies, fund climate deniers
Trumps killed the GOP: He erased covert racism from the partys platform  by being overtly racist -- With the nomination of Trump, the 162-year-old Republican party has rewound to its pre-dog-whistle iteration
Twitter Permanently Suspends Milo Yiannopoulos
Rhode Island closes 66 percent of polling places to cut election costs
Hillary Clintons Absurd Bernie Smear: Attacking Sanders from the Right on Healthcare is Picking Entirely the Wrong Fight.
Scott Walker outlaws investigations into ... Scott Walker
Wasserman Schultz wrong on payday loans
Protesters nationwide denounce big money in U.S. politics
A Wealth Tax Looks Like It Can Make a Country Richer
Trump didn't pay taxes to IRS, claimed negative income, unearthed old IRS filings show
Ammon Bundy Asks Remaining Militiamen In Oregon To Go Home
Don't blame Carly. No Republican can defend their party's job creation record
Secret Ledger in Ukraine Lists Cash for Donald Trump's Campaign Chief
Legal experts on Donald Trump: 'He lacks respect for basic norms'; From bringing back waterboarding to temporarily banning Muslims, legal professionals says Donald Trump pays no attention to the law
The Workers Caring For Our Grandparents Are Paid Poverty Wages.
Police consider charging Trump with inciting a riot over violence at North Carolina rally
Chattanooga Councilman urges the DOJ to investigate Tennessee State Representative Andy Holt (a tea-party Republican) for treason after he offers financial support to the terrorist militia that has taken over a federal building in Oregon
Trump's crude comment reveals his biggest problem: women voters -- If Trump ran against Hillary Clinton, he would lose badly, according to polls, and his margin of defeat would be entirely accounted for by his unpopularity with women.
Want to Make Buying Guns Hard? Make It as Tough as Getting an Abortion
Trump's breathtaking repudiation of American democracy
Economists Should Stop Defending Milton Friedman's Pseudo-science - Evonomics
Insulin price spike leaves diabetes patients in crisis
Two men, six wives: Take the Trump/Gingrich Which spouse was that? quiz
MoveOn.org Celebrates Sanders, Congratulates Clinton, and Calls for Democrats to Embrace Sanders' Agenda at Convention to Defeat Trump
Trump is No Accident
Jeb Bush, in what was meant to be a light-hearted moment Wednesday, nicknamed a South Carolina elected official "Hurricane Katrina," a reference to a tragedy that killed nearly 2,000 people and is regarded as a low point in his brother's presidency.
Trump Camp Will Fake Exit Polls, Possibly to Intimidate Voters and Lay Groundwork for Post-Election Shenanigans
Obamacare Is Faltering for One Simple Reason: Profit
City of Cleveland to pay $6 million to Tamir Rice's family to settle lawsuit
Were drowning in cheap oil  yet still taxpayers prop up this toxic industry | George Monbiot
Abortion Opponents Insist The Planned Parenthood Shooting Was Actually A Bank Robbery
The Return of Republican Islamophobia
The "Welfare Queen" Is a Lie
Racist Chicago Tribune column blames Democratic welfare state for feral black boys with guns
For Those Who Had Any Doubts, Kansas Has Officially Gone Insane.
Fox News host Bill OReilly loses custody of his children after alleged domestic violence incident | People | News
Sarah Palin explodes after Today anchors force her to explain why she blamed Obama for sons arrest
After Refusing to Debate President Obama, Cowardly NRA Goes on Fox News to Whine About Him
The US is still the only developed country that doesnt guarantee paid maternity leave
The greatest threat to America? Republicans | "To borrow the rhetoric of their candidates, the party is now an existential threat to America's leadership of the global community."
Donald Trump actually admitted that he doesnt check his facts. Seriously.
Trump Tweeted (Then Deleted) This Ignorant Attack Blaming Clinton For The NYC Bombing
Why Colin Kaepernick was right not to stand for the anthem
Donald Trumps Habit of Lying About Charitable Donations Could Land Him in Legal Trouble
Oklahoma Republican Gov. Mary Fallin on Friday vetoed legislation that would make it a felony for doctors to perform an abortion, a measure that would have effectively outlawed the procedure in the state. In vetoing the measure, Fallin said it was vague and would not withstand a legal challenge
Wheres Bernie? Media Ignores Sanders Though Hes More Popular Than Trump
Trump No Longer Really Running for President. The Donalds real political goal is to make it impossible for Hillary Clinton to govern.
USA Today Editorial Board: Ban assault weapons now
David Duke Celebrates Trumps Revival of White Nationalism, Victory Over Jew Supremacists
Poisoned Democracy: How an Unelected Official Contaminated Flint's Water to Save Money [Democracy Now!
Another Big Win For Obama As Health Care Cost Rising At Slowest Rate Since 1961
Wall Street has made Hillary Clinton a millionaire.
Why Wells Fargo CEO and Chairman John Stumpf needs to go to jail
The Republican Party is now institutionally defending Donald Trump's racism
How Apple - and the Rest of Silicon Valley - Avoids the Tax Man
Millennials Are Being Stiffed--No Wonder The Quarter-Life Crisis Is On The Rise
Trump's Troll Army Impersonating Bernie / Hillary Supporters Online
John Kasich Tells Woman Asking About Sexual Assault To Avoid Parties With Alcohol
The Chinese Government Is Now Using Donald Trump As Proof That Democracy Doesnt Work
Elizabeth Warren Denounces Travesty of Government "Settlement" With Goldman Sachs; About $2.4 billion of the settlement is in the form of a government penalty. Goldman can deduct the rest of the settlement, about $2.7 billion, from its future tax bills
The Supreme Court Looks Poised To Blow Up Everything You Think You Know About Redistricting
In the Last 10 Years, Nearly 7,000 People Have Died in Custody in Texas
The Science Of Fox News: Why Its Viewers Are The Most Misinformed
Jackpot! NASA Just Released 56 Patented Technologies Into the Public Domain (how "capitalism" works)
After 45 years of conservative rulings, heres what a liberal Supreme Court would do
Maddow: "As A Gay Person In 1992, I Did Not Feel Like Bill Clinton Had My Back"
Page tells teabaggers that Net Neutrality is actually an attempt by Obama to censor FOX News, encourages them to fight it to defend FOX.
Republicans Insist Planned Parenthood Committee Isn't Specifically Targeting Planned Parenthood: At least, That's Their Story Since the Planned Parenthood Shooting.
Reid: GOP cares more about NRA than closing 'terrorist loophole'
Republican IRS Witch-hunt Backfires When House Dems Make Trump The Surprise Target
Trump: A vote for the Green Party helps me
Glenn Greenwald: To Protect Hillary Clinton, Democrats Wage War on Their Own Core Citizens United Argument
This Bill Would Force Large Corporations To Pay a Fine if They Dont Pay Workers a Living Wage
Republican faces recall after saying the real culprit in Colorado mass shooting is Planned Parenthood
McCain Literally Flees Reporter Asking About His Controversial Remarks
Last Week Tonight with John Oliver: Republican National Convention (HBO)
Article taken down by Forbes on Bernie winning the Nomination!
Hecklers Tried To Perform An Exorcism On Ted Cruz In New Hampshire
Trump Seems To Question, Yet Again, Whether Obama Is A Legitimate President
Assange, Snowden, Manning Declared Heroes By Switzerland
No More Excuses: Sen. Warren Lambastes DOE on Student Loans: Democrat from Massachusetts says US Department of Education goes to 'extraordinary lengths' to protect student loan companiesat borrowers' expense
Flint water crisis could cost U.S. $300 billion
Obama To Nominate Supreme Court Justice When Senate Returns: White House
NM Gov Martinez gutted the nonprofit mental health system 2 years ago with allegations of medicare fraud. Jobs were lost, reputations soiled, and patients ultimately suffered. NM AG just finished their investigation and turns out no fraud was ever committed. It was a political witch hunt.
Emails show Michigan Gov. Snyder's office knew about Flint water disaster last March
Trump Says He Would Strongly Consider Appointing Justices To Overturn Marriage Equality
Ted Cruz Promises To Create The Most Right-Wing Supreme Court In History
Nevada elections chief refuses to accommodate Native Americans who have to drive 200 miles to vote
New polling shows Democrats really could take back the House, so we're making more endorsements
DMV Recordings Show Wisconsin Is Systematically Failing to Provide the Photo IDs Required to Vote in November
Longtime Bernie Sanders supporter Tulsi Gabbard endorses Hillary Clinton for President
Clinton surges to 15-point national lead in McClatchy-Marist poll
Cornel West on DNC vote against single payer healthcare
Woman Who Painted 'Naked Trump' attacked on the street, punched in face.
The Critics of Sanderss Health Plan Understate Benefits and Overstate Costs
Trump Surrogate Dismisses Fact-Checking As 'Elitist' And 'Out Of Touch'
Understanding Gun Violence: California is acting where Congress has not: The Legislature has funded a center that will study gun violence and its effect on public health.
President Obama Drops A Fact Bomb And Obliterates The NRA At CNN Gun Town Hall
Gov. Scott Walker privately signed a measure Wednesday loosening the state's campaign finance laws and eliminating the state elections and ethics agency that investigated his campaign for teaming up with conservative groups.
If Trumps Speech Sounded Familiar, Thats Because Nixon Gave It First
War On The Poor and People Of Color: Federal Judge Upholds Controversial Voter ID Law In North Carolina
Bernie Sanders spent more time speaking on the Senate floor this year than any of the other people running for president
Why President Sanders Would Not Bankrupt America
Republican calls for the disenfranchisement of broad swaths of the electorate, notably anyone on Medicaid, or who receives food assistance through the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), or who gets prescription contraception via the no-copay feature of the Affordable Care Act.
Roger Ailes officially out at Fox News amid sexual harassment claims
Donald Trump: U.S. must "start thinking about" racial profiling
"A Win For Early Voting And Democrats" - Judge Rules That Kasich-Backed Law Trimming Early Voting In Ohio Is Unconstitutional
20 Best Bernie Sanders Quotes In Dem Debate
The Police Were Created to Control Working Class and Poor People, Not Serve and Protect
"To you, the deaths of these people are less important than your right to own a gun. You must know that people die daily from random violence at their workplace...The deaths are an unnecessary accoutrement, scuffing your personal dogma...Go ahead, say it out loud'Those deaths are worth it to me.'"
"We're Screwed": GOP Pollster Laments Losing Millennial Voters to Progressive Ideas
Trump University taught students how to exploit disabled homeowners
The Republican Partys White Strategy: Embracing white nativism in the 1990s turned the California GOP into a permanent minority. The same story may now be repeating itself nationally.
Americans Dont Miss Manufacturing  They Miss Unions
Bernie Sanders Obliterates Clinton Health Care Attack With Tweet
Nate Silver Explains Just How Bad Donald Trump's Night Actually Was
Tim O'Brien: I was sued for writing about Trump's net worth
Betraying Snowden: Theres a special place in journalism hell for The Washington Post editorial board
Trump Economic Plan Calls for Every American to Inherit Millions from Father
The Left and Right Share a Common Enemy: Capitalists Who Corrupt Capitalism
Vox - Single-payer health care is more popular than ever. Here are 10 questions for its future.
There has never been a major party nominee in U.S. history as unqualified for the presidency as Donald Trump. The risk of Trump winning, however remote, represents the biggest national security threat that the United States faces today
"Right now, [Trump
How Charter School Powerbrokers Plan to Crater Public Education as We Know It
CNN's Jake Tapper calls BS on Trump's minority outreach: You are retweeting 'white supremacists'
What Kind of Man Spends Millions to Elect Ted Cruz? Robert Mercer is one of the wealthiest, most secretive, influential, and reactionary Republicans in the country.
Lax gun laws in Indiana fuel gun violence in Chicago: Nearly 60 percent of Chicago crime guns were first purchased outside of Illinois  20 percent came from Indiana
'Ag-gag' laws head to court: So far, animal rights activists are winning
Why Progressives Vote Against Their Interests When Choosing Hillary Over Bernie Sanders
Sanders Challenges Neoliberal Stranglehold with Call for Free Higher Education
Rise of the GOP bullshitters: How the electoral process has been overwhelmed by lies & untruths
Campaign manager: Trump does not believe climate change is man made
Debbie Wasserman Schultz to resign as DNC chair as email scandal rocks Democrats. Sanders calls for new leader as Clinton camp blames Russia
Senator Warren Releases "Rigged Justice," First Annual Report Detailing How Weak Federal Enforcement Lets Corporate Offenders Off Easy
Working Families Party Endorses Bernie Sanders for President
Bombshell: Alabama cops systematically framed blacks by planting drugs and guns for decades
Conservative School Board Members Who Pushed For 'Patriotic' History Get Booted
Alabama Republican wants to stop people on food stamps from owning cars  but expects them to get jobs
Christie Signs Bill Privatizing New Jersey's Water Supply
To counter republican bigotry, democrats will fill congress with Muslim guests at State of the Union
Donald Trump shows hate speech is now out and proud in the mainstream
New GOP vote manipulation: "Deeply flawed" database targets millions for purging, particularly non-whites: one in six Hispanics, one in seven Asian-Americans and one in nine African-Americans targeted for removal
Says Donald Trump's position is "to roll back all" of the financial regulations passed after the financial crisis.  Elizabeth Warren on Tuesday, June 28th, 2016 in an interview on The View
3 officials charged in Flint water crisis; more arrests seen
Hillary Clintons Support Among Nonwhite Voters Has Collapsed
GOP Strategist Calls Trump Supporters 'Childless, Single Men Who Masturbate To Anime'
New York Daily News Slams 'Terrorist' NRA Boss Wayne LaPierre
GOPs hell-bent on tearing us apart: A decades-long strategy to win by divisiveness now leads to President Donald Trump
Trump Embraces Conspiracy Website To Support His False Claims
Outspoken socialist politician declares victory in Seattle
Investigations Underway after Thousands of Voters Shut Out of New York Primary
Stop Crying About the Size of Government. Start Caring About Who Controls It. - Daron Acemoglu
Worried About Electability? Experience? Pragmatism? Foreign Policy? BERNIE SANDERS IS YOUR GUY.
Palestinians hold candle light vigil in Bethlehem for Paris and Lebanon attacks victims
117 Countries Slam American Police Brutality At UN Human Rights Council
Thank you, Oregon Militiamen: The Oregon Militia is a Gift to Liberals, Because Every Day they Stay, the More Absurd and Embarrassing they Become.
Utah Judge Scott Johansen Removes Himself From Gay Foster Parent Case
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie vetoed legislation Monday that would have added 1.6 million new voters to the states rolls and made New Jersey the third state in the country to adopt automatic voter registration
California's state Senate on Monday revived a bill that would make the state the first in the United States to give farmworkers the same overtime pay as people who work in other industries, a last-ditch effort to reverse a nearly 80-year-old practice of exempting field hands from wage rules
Judge Rules Wisconsin Right-to-Work Law Unconstitutional
Activist behind Planned Parenthood videos surrenders to authorities
Leader of Oregon occupation Ammon Bundy, three others arrested
A federal judge has issued a temporary restraining order preventing Arkansas from enforcing new limits on how the abortion pill is administered
Barely Anyone Came to Curt Schillings Trump Rally at Boston City Hall.
On most issues, Sanders primary supporters further from GOP voters than Clinton backers
The California voter surge is now -- This year we are seeing a doubling of registration growth among Latinos, and a more than 150% increase for some young voters, and a near-tripling for Democrats.
Twenty Years of Media Consolidation Has Not Been Good For Our Democracy
Obama to Present Plan to Close Prison at Guantanamo Bay
Elections Have Consequences: Whoever the Republicans nominate will be committed to destroying Obamacare and slashing taxes on the wealthy  in fact, the current G.O.P. tax-cut plans make the Bush cuts look puny.
Republicans still can't explain why their economic ideas keep failing
As a veteran, I know integrity is central to my life  and Ben Carson lacks it entirely
Donald Trump Is the AntiLabor Day Candidate: Running Against Fair Wages, Worker Rights, and Unions -- And the partys platform is a litany of foolish dreams and ugly thoughts.
Before the DNC hack, Russian internet trolls were being hired to pose as pro-Trump Americans
ACLU Sues Over North Carolina's Law Blocking Anti-Discrimination Legislation
Elizabeth Warren Urges CDC To Look At Pot As Potential Fix To Prescription Painkiller Epidemic
Jeb Bush: Don't Blame Governor Snyder For Flint Crisis, Blame Regulations
No, The Oregon Ranchers' Prison Sentences Are Not 'Cruel And Unusual'
George Bush White House: 22 MILLION Email GONE.
Thanks for Endorsing Bernie Sanders, Senator Jeff Merkley!
Des Moines Register: "Something smells fishy in the Democratic Party." Iowa's largest and most influential newspaper publicly demands a recount of the Iowa caucuses, something currently being resisted by the pro-Hillary leader of the state's Democratic Party.
More white Americans now share the view, long held by minorities, that racism is a national problem and should be confronted, according to an analysis of recent public opinion polling
Ronda Rousey feels the Bern, endorses Bernie Sanders for president
Why So Few American Economists Are Studying Inequality: In recent years, its been European scholars who have written the blockbuster papers on the topic.
The Republican Party Got the Voters It Deserved: "Many conservatives have acknowledged shortcomings in the party that Trump exploited...Republicans had encouraged, or at least tolerated, schoolyard taunts and far-fetched conspiracy talk long before Trump's campaign"
Big Energy CEO rewarded with $3 million bonus after historic California gas leak devastates community
Florida poll workers find Democratic ballots in closet after telling voter primary for GOP only
Hillary Clinton needs to answer for her actions in Honduras and Haiti
Michigan Governor Under Fire For Flint Water Crisis, Blames Clinton For 'Politicizing' Issue
Donald Trump supporters yell 'sieg heil', 'shoot him' at Black Lives Matter protester
Who Turned My Blue State Red? Why poor areas vote for politicians who want to slash the safety net.
Trump Only Leads By 6 in Texas
Trumponomics: Giving the rich a gold-plated tax holiday. The plan is the lovechild of Reagan middle class-killing voodoo and George W. Bushs budget-busting tax cuts.
With Obama, the Personal Is Presidential: "No matter what you think of Obama the executive branch, its hard to argue that Obama the human being has been anything less than a model of class and dignity."
Paul Ryans flimsy health plan: Six years after Obamacare passed, the GOP doesnt have a robust, detailed alternative.
Head of Hispanic media relations for GOP resigns, was uncomfortable working for Trump
There Is a War on Voting in the World's Greatest Democracy (Ours)
"Mitt Romney warned Wednesday that Donald Trump's tax returns could contain a 'bombshell' in a biting attack...'We have good reason to believe that there's a bombshell in Donald Trump's taxes,' Romney told Fox News"
Bernie Sanders is Americas spirit animal: Why this country is much more progressive than you think
Judge: No evidence of crimes in Planned Parenthood videos
Kim Davis is my governor now: I awoke to an idiot Tea Party takeover
A 90-Year-Old Woman Whos Voted Since 1948 Was Disenfranchised by Wisconsins Voter-ID Law
Trump Won Tax Breaks While Donating Tens Of Thousands To Corrupt Official
Apple CEO Tim Cook to Host Fundraiser for House Speaker Paul Ryan [ Why is Apple Funding The Party of Failure, the Party to Make More Poor, The Party to Cut Social Security!!! 
Virginia Governor Restoring Voting Rights to Felons; The action will overturn a Civil War-era provision in the state's Constitution aimed, he said, at disenfranchising African-Americans.
Back Alley Abortion Business is Booming in Texas as Safe Clinics are Edged Out
Trump Loyalists Planned Voter Intimidation Using Fake ID Badges, Fake Exit Polling -- Until HuffPost Asked Them About It
Fewer Unions, Lower Pay for Everybody - The Atlantic
Democrats on Benghazi committee: Panel "squandered millions of taxpayer dollars in a partisan effort to attack a presidential candidate"
JUST IN: Donald Trump Took $150,000 In Federal Relief Aid Meant For Victims Of 9/11 Attack
Obama Is Bringing Overtime Pay To Millions Of Workers
Bernie Sanders and Allies Aim to Shape Democrats Agenda After Primaries
Hero In Starbucks Yells At Rick Scott For Not Expanding Medicaid: 'You're An Asshole'
Bernie Sanders Stands With Workers And Slams GOP After Unions Get Supreme Court Win.
Elizabeth Warren goes after Trump, saying "He knows he's a loser."
Payday Loan Sharks Have Good Friend in Government: Democratic Party Chair
Donald Trumps Real Threat is Making Extreme Bigots Seem Moderate
This Lying Bastard Is Ultimately Responsible For The Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood Shooting (VIDEO)
Three Republican candidates speak at anti-gay pastor's rally
Gerrymandering could cost Democrats the House in 2016. Why? Because it probably did in 2012
Big League Trouble: Trump Faces New Questions About His Charity Finances
Rachel Maddow has been reading up lately on Adolf Hitlers rise to power in Germany, the MSNBC anchor told Rolling Stone, because thats where she thinks the United States could be headed
What Trump and the G.O.P. Can Agree On: Tax Cuts for the Rich
Trumps top example of foreign experience: A Scottish golf course losing millions
Noam Chomsky, Glenn Greenwald and Edward Snowden conversation about privacy (video)
A Republican-controlled House committee on Thursday endorsed a bill that would wrest responsibility for running the nation's air traffic control system from the government and turn it over to a private, nonprofit corporation run by airlines and other aviation interests
The gaping hole at the heart of Hillary Clintons campaign: "the campaign has no story to tell the voters about Hillary Clinton and why she should be president."
Business has created jobs every month since Obamacare became law, Obama said in State of the Union
How to Be Liberal in Lower Alabama | Weve never really talked about politics with Democrats, a couple we know on the right told us after wed bumped into each other at a cafe and decided to share a table. They thought our kind was bizarre and unfriendly. Theyd been duped. We werent aliens, ...'
Newly Elected Governor Strips 140,000 Of Voting Rights, Lowers The Minimum Wage
Voters give Democrats control of Pennsylvania Supreme Court: "Democrats have won all three open seats on Pennsylvania's Supreme Court. The victory secures them a majority on the high court for at least a decade"
The Republican Congress heads toward recess with no answers for Zika, gun violence, or anything else
Trump used fake twitter account to fake a black family's support on twitter.
A black teenager says he was escorted out of his high school graduation ceremony in Sacramento by three deputies for refusing to remove his kente cloth, a traditional Ghanaian silk and cotton fabric
Donald Trump: 'If I lose, I dont think you will ever see me again
The case against Hillary Clinton: This is the disaster Democrats must avoid
Christie's endorsement of Trump threatens to overshadow equally prestigious endorsement from David Duke
Hillary Clinton Is Standing in The Way of Progress
Under Bernie Sanders' plan, a family of four earning $50,000 would pay just $466 per year to the Medicare-for-all program.
The University of North Carolinas New President Should Scare Anyone Who Cares About Higher Ed: "Spellings is a Karl Rove protg who calls students 'customers,' and now shes in charge of the states prestigious public university system."
More proof the US has become a tragic comedy: Congress Now Blaming Obama For Its Embarrassing Override Of His Veto
Heres how the GOP is already planning to make Hillary Clintons life miserable for the next 4 years
Would you look at that? Anti-Abortion laws don't actually reduce abortions
Millennials love clean energy, fear climate change, and dont vote. This campaign wants to change that.
Trump calls for end to federal minimum wage
Trump in 2012: Michele Bachmann Showed Great Disloyalty Skipping Debate, People Rejected Her
Obama: Violent felons can buy guns online without background checks
Flashback: Boehner hands out tobacco lobby checks on House floor to fellow members mid-vote.
Obama calls idea of screening Syrian refugees based on religion 'shameful,' defends White House strategy
Obama: once out of office, Im gonna stop being polite and start getting real
Yes, Most Donald Trump Supporters Are Deplorable and Irredeemable
Debt Collectors' Harassment Tactics Are Put On Notice For First Time In 40 Years
Bernie Sanders Pens Powerful Indictment of 'Oligarchic Control' of Our Politics and Economy
Ted Cruz drops out of the Republican presidential race
Bernie Sanders' Big Ideas Just Picked up Powerful Support
The Return of the D.I.Y. Abortion
Libtard-hating ex-police chief accused of pointing gun at woman who passed his Hummer
How Donald Trump Bankrupted His Casinos, Left Contractors Unpaid, Ruined Investors & Made Millions (video)
Experts call for global drug policy reform as evidence shows 'war on drugs' has harmed public health, human rights
Was Bobby Jindal Worse for Louisiana Than Hurricane Katrina?
Every American deserves an equal vote. But in some states, access to voting is becoming less and less equal.
The Bundys want federal land 'returned' to them. But it was never 'theirs' in the first place.
Congress Plows Ahead With Planned Parenthood Investigation Despite Pressure To Drop It
Indiana officials are trying to block almost 45,000 black citizens from voting
This Election Is Being Riggedbut Not by Democrats:  The GOPs voter-suppression efforts are the real voter fraud
Former model: Trump agency skirted visa laws
Summary of Ken Burns 2016 Anti-Trump Commencement Speech at Stanford
Can Trump spell I-R-O-N-Y? Trump rails against special interest money then hires Citizens United spokesman.
We are living in a time of corporate monopolies that rivals those of the robber baron age, and they are harming workers, consumers and the economy itself.
Bernie Sanders Is The Only Presidential Candidate Who Supports $15/Hour Minimum Wage
Donald Trumps Health Care Plan Is So Bad, He Might As Well Not Have One at All
The man accused of killing three people at a Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado asked at least one person in a nearby shopping center for directions to the facility before opening fire offering the clearest suggestion yet that he was targeting the reproductive health organization
Poll: Sanders more electable than Hillary against top Republicans
Strangers Raise Money For Walmart Worker Fired For Picking Up Cans
Study Confirms Network Evening Newscasts Have Abandoned Policy Coverage For 2016 Campaign
Donald Trump Can't Shut Down New York Times Tax-Leak Showing He Lost Nearly $1 Billion In 1995
Autopsy Proves Black Child Fatally Shot By Cops Was In Fact SHOT IN THE BACK Three Times
Wells Fargo facing pressure from investor to clawback executive pay
The U.S. Blew $1.4 Billion on Abstinence Education in Africa
Target CEO fires back at boycott threats: More than 1.2 million people have signed a pledge to boycott Target after it announced last month that it would welcome transgender customers to use any bathroom or fitting room that matches their gender identity.
DOJ Officially Notifies McCrory: "Bathroom Bill" Violates Civil Rights Act
John Oliver Shames Congress for America's Continued Lead Contamination Problem
Both Clinton and Sanders Are Qualifiedbut Only Sanders Calls for Political Revolution: That's why The Nation still thinks primary voters should turn out for Sanders.
Bernie Sanders is this year's biggest story
Study: Women had to drive 4 times farther after Texas laws closed abortion clinics
The Middle East dreamed up at the Republican debate doesnt really exist
Baby boomers are whats wrong with Americas economy
President Obama Aligns with Big Business to Smash Opposition to the TPP
How The First Liberal Supreme Court In A Generation Could Reshape America
All Republican presidential nominees since the 1970s have released their tax returns. Except for Donald Trump.
They dared to register blacks to vote, and the KKK killed them: A 52-year-old case is closed  unsolved
Real Time With Bill Maher: Nick Hanauer Interview on Minimum Wage (HBO) 6/3/2016
Sanders: There Will Be A Contested Convention, System Is "Rigged"
Sanders Confident Hell Debate Clinton Before New York Primary
John Oliver does a show on how voter ID laws amount to nothing more than voter suppression
This is not the America where I grew up | "It is time to stop the epidemic of hate in America. Before you assume my concerns are coming from a member of the so-called liberal elite, let me tell you about my roots."
Sanders Won Almost Every Demographic in New Hampshire  and the Pressure Is All on Clinton Now - Where he improved on Iowa was actually at higher age and income levels: He won 45- to 64-year-olds and only lost seniors to Clinton, and also won every income category up to $200,000.
Can Democratic Socialism Pass the Electability Test? It Already Has;  Long before Bernie Sanders, socialists were winning electionsand debates about the direction of the United States.
Iowa Democrats Call for a WWII-Scale Mobilization to Fight Climate Change.
New Forecast Gives Democrats A 60 Percent Chance of Winning Back The Senate
Authorities Remove Water Supply to Dakota Pipeline Protest Site
Dems discuss dropping Wasserman Schultz
Obama Kills Largest Corporate Attempt Yet To Flee Overseas And Dodge Taxes
Two more Breitbart News staffers resigned on Monday, citing concerns over the conservative news website's approach to covering Donald Trump and the outlet's "integrity"
DNC Chair Joins GOP Attack On Elizabeth Warren's Agency
Hill Democrats are scrambling to figure out how they can capture some of Sanders magic  and his ability to conjure up campaign cash, seemingly out of thin air, from an apparently endless stream of supporters.
Why Ted Cruz Is Unfit to Be President
USA Today: "All Flint's children must be treated as exposed to lead"
Young black men killed by US police at highest rate in year of 1,134 deaths: Final total of people killed by US police officers in 2015 shows rate of death for young black men was five times higher than white men of the same age
Donald Trump Says He's Open to Requiring American Muslims to Carry Special IDs
The GOPs new strategy to fight the Islamic State: Kill them with clichs
Federal Judge Strikes A Critical Blow Against Wisconsins Voter Suppression Law
NYT: Adelson Might Spend As Much As $100 Million Supporting Trump
Bill Nye Just Told Us Exactly What He Thinks of the Republican Candidates
Target Issues Strong Response To LGBT Discrimination, Says Customers Welcome In Fitting Rooms/Bathrooms Corresponding With Gender Identity
Bernie Sanders supporters: Expected high numbers of disenfranchised voters in Wisconsin's Primary due to voter ID law.
Scientists: Ted Cruz Understands Less About Climate Than A Kindergartner
Sexual assault allegations against Donald Trump: 12 women say he groped, kissed, or assaulted them
Donald Trump Is Going to Tear Everything Down With Him: Sunday's debate shows he has nothing left but anger and a lust for revenge.
Trump Is OK With Calling Ivanka a "Piece of Ass" and Other Horrible Things He Told Howard Stern
This Man Can't Vote Today Because Kentucky's GOP Governor Reversed A Major Voting Rights Victory
Deal reached to boost California's minimum wage to $15, avoiding ballot box battle
My goal is to destroy the Republican Party: Former Reagan adviser Bruce Bartlett explains his vote for Donald Trump
Sanders Receives Perfect Score from League of Conservation Voters
Native Americans to Oregon militia: You've got nothing to complain about
Major GOP donor Sheldon Adelson is now the owner of the largest newspaper in the state of Nevada
The U.S. Department of Transportation has just launched an investigation into whether Alabama is discriminating against African-American residents after announcing plans to shut down or reduce service at 34 state drivers license offices.
Obama Slams Republicans: "Not American" To Only Accept Christian Syrian Refugees
Another Trump Son Appears On Program With Ties To White Nationalist
Native Americans in Nevada will have to travel almost 100 miles round-trip to vote
Obama Moves To Protect Planned Parenthood Funding, Permanently
Obama Just Quadrupled The Worlds Largest Natural Sanctuary: The expansion will cover more than 7,000 marine species in Hawaii, including whales, sea turtles, and corals
Elizabeth Warren is on her way to becoming the most powerful liberal in the Senate
Republican Leader Mitch McConnell Admits: Donald Trump Doesnt Know a Lot About the Issues
Obama Administration Warns States That Defunding Planned Parenthood Is Probably Illegal
We met with Donald Trump. Electing him will still be a radical risk.
Indiana lawmakers are currently advancing a particularly harsh anti-abortion bill thats failing to win support even among some Republicans in the state
Top GOP Pollster: Young Americans Are Terrifyingly Liberal
Elementary school locked down after open-carry dad keeps on showing up with gun
Proposed Bill Would Require Large Stores To Pay Employees Double for Thanksgiving
Bernie Sanders Makes a Powerful Case for Continuing the RevolutionUnder a Clinton Administration
12 Ways Gary Johnson Is a Hardcore Right-Wing Radical
Fact-Checking Governor Chris Christie On His Blatant Birther Lies
The Revenge of Rogers Angels: How Fox News women took down the most powerful, and predatory, man in media.
How A Giant Restaurant Conglomerate Teamed Up With Banks To Stiff Its Workers
You can't bring a water gun to protest the RNC, but you can bring an AK-47
End of conservative Supreme Court: Clarence Thomas may be next to leave
Bold, brash and wholly false: Hillary Clinton is misleading people about Bernie Sanders Wall Street reform, again
$250,000 is not middle class
Why You Should Vote for Bernie Sanders in the Working Families Partys Open Primary
As I watched the news on the attacks in Paris develop, I immediately thought of what Hunter S. Thompson wrote right after the events of 9/11.
"Political reporters were taken aback by Hillary Clintons charge that half of Trumps supporters are prejudiced. Few bothered to investigate the claim itself."
Native American protesters succeed in stopping construction on Dakota Access pipeline
Aetna CEO: If you reject our Humana merger we'll bail on Obamacare: Mark Bertolini told the Department of Justice that if the merger was rejected, his company might pull out of state healthcare exchanges.
Kansas cannot cut off Medicaid funding for two Planned Parenthood affiliates, a federal judge said Tuesday
How Hillary Clinton Bought the Loyalty of 33 State Democratic Parties
Young Alabama 'terrorist' shows how America is losing ... its mind | "An 11-year-old Mobile kid was arrested last week for "making a terrorist threat. An 11-year-old I said, charged with a crime that carries a penalty of up to 10 years in prison. We've lost more than our minds. We've lost ourselves.
In First-Ever National Endorsement, Working Families Party Backs Bernie Sanders
Donald Trump says Obama administration is pushing refugees toward states with GOP governors
Chicago Cops Who Broke "Code of Silence" to Report Police Drug Gang Face Deadly Retaliation
"Guns don't kill people, toddlers kill people." "Lock them up." "Deport them." Striking new gun control ad
Republicans work to fool young women about Republican core values.
President Trump? Theres only one way to stop it happening: As the first TV debate looms the race is on a knife edge. Unless voters on the left want to repeat bitter history, they have to swallow their doubts and back Hillary
Trump Brags About Hiring the Best People -- In 2015, Trump Partnered in a Real Estate Deal with a Notoriously Corrupt Azerbaijani Suspected of Laundering Money for Iran's Military -- Now Trump Has Scrubbed All Mentions of the Partnership from His Website
If you live in Mississippi or if you do business here, PLEASE email our governor in opposition to the religious freedom bill
TPP deal a win for corporations, a blow to climate and workers
Sorry, Corporate Media: The More Americans Hear Bernie Sanders, The More They Like Him
Elizabeth Warren Rips Into Republicans For Pledging To Block Supreme Court Process
Clinton Last Night: "Name Anything [Wall Street Has
Speaking of Planned Parenthood backlash over Hillary endorsement... 2008 Slate article that provides a very interesting discussion of Hillary's troubled history on women's issues
Hes back: Keith Olbermanns premiere episode absolutely eviscerates demonic messiah Donald Trump
Report: Wikileaks' Syria Docs Exclude Email On $2B Transfer To Russian Bank
Barack Obama Never Said Money Wasnt Corrupting; In Fact, He Said the Opposite
Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder has declared a state of emergency in Flint over problems with lead in the city's drinking water as federal officials confirm they're investigating the matter
Donald Trumps medical records dont address his mental health
Dear Media: Stop Using the Term 'Radicalized' Unless You Apply It to White Christian Extremists, Too
Report: How privatization increases inequality
Maine Gov. Paul LePage Says People Of Color Are 'The Enemy'
The Only Thing Ruth Bader Ginsburg Did Wrong Was Apologize:  Who Is Better Positioned To Call Donald Trump Out As A Faker Ignorant Of The Constitutional Values That Bind Us Together?
Kansas politicians use taxpayer money for private use of plane while state is in economic free fall
Sorry, right-wing xenophobes: Patriotic radicals and progressives are what made America great
The office of Texas Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick, a Republican and evangelical Christian, deleted a tweet many saw as offensive and insensitive that was sent out shortly after the deadly attack on a gay nightclub. "Do not be deceived: God cannot be mocked. A man reaps what he sows"
Biden accuses GOP of threatening democracy in Supreme Court standoff - 'Unless we can find common ground, how can the system designed by our founders function,' the vice president says.
Hillary Clinton Doesnt Get It: Paul Krugman, Bernie Sanders and the Truth About the Free Trade Scam
The Koch brothers' vision for America includes destroying your public library
Oregon state forest on chopping block; A reminder of what the fate of public lands are if the Feds are forced to "return" them to the States.
Former Texas Ag Commissioner Calls Ag-Gag Laws "Disgraceful"
Cleveland is trying to force Tamir Rice's family to pay for his ambulance
Indictment Deals Blow to G.O.P. Over Planned Parenthood Battle
What's Happening in Oregon Is Nothing Less Than Armed Sedition
Antibiotic Use On Farms Is Up, Despite Promises To Kick The Drugs
Governors Blocking Syrian Refugee Resettlement Are on the Wrong Side of History, and the Law
Watch Austin Police Tackle, Punch, and Handcuff Unarmed Men for Jaywalking
Election Fraud Suspected In Bevins Landslide
Trump directed $2.3 million owed to him to his tax-exempt foundation instead
A maker of deadly painkillers is bankrolling the opposition to legal marijuana in Arizona
The class struggle is real: India is making labor history with the world's largest general strike.
EXCLUSIVE: Donald Trump Made Millions From Saudi Government
Maine's Governor Openly Calls for Race War Against People of Color
Sweden may have the answer to Americas gun problem
Ringleader Of Oregon Occupation Now Trying To Wriggle Out Of Criminal Charges With Crackpot Theories
Mike Pence Once Thought A $7.25 Minimum Wage Was Too High
Stop Crying About the Size of Government. Start Caring About Who Controls It.
Chomsky: Humanity Has Paid a Bloody Price for America's Mania to Control the World.
3 Oligarchs-Turned-GOP Governors Who Are Laying Ruin to Their States. Bevin, Rauner and Scott are only too happy to attack the poor at every turn while their own fortunes continue to grow.
A lot of what he believes, we believe  KKK Grand Imperial Wizard endorses Trump
A jury found a Montana lawmaker coordinated with and received services from conservative corporate groups in violation of state campaign laws. Rep. Art Wittich took $19,599 of in-kind contributions from the National Right to Work Committee
Some Sanders supporters say its Bernie or Bust and they will never vote for Hillary Clinton
Michael Moore Blasts Hateful People Chasing Hillary Clinton About Her Health In Brilliant Smackdown
A Vote For Jill Stein Is A Vote For Trump By Sally Kohn.
Trump tried to downplay his pro-Russian tilt in the last debate. Then he proved it.
Hillary Clinton isn't the lesser of two evils. She's one of the most experienced candidates in history
If the election is really rigged, 33 states are rigged by Republicans
Hillary Clinton for President: Hillary Clinton for President: Our endorsement is rooted in respect for her intellect, experience and courage.
If Youre Liberal and You Think Hillary Clinton Is Corrupt and Untrustworthy, Youre Rewarding 25 Years of GOP Smears
Kevin Drum at MOJO: Hillary Clinton Is Fundamentally Honest and Trustworthy
Your Vote for Jill Stein Is a Wasted Vote
Hillary Clinton May Not Be a Savior, But She Is Exactly What We Need: Democrats Needed the Overblown Promise of the Obama Campaign in 2008 to Lift Us Out of our Bush-era Depression. Now Its Time to Accept that No Matter Who Our Leader Is, He or She Is not Going to Be Savior.
Could Hillary Clinton Become the Champion of the 99 Percent?
Jill Stein thinks Wi-Fi could be dangerous for our brains
Watch: Hillary Clinton addresses supporters after clinching the nomination
Lets Call Establishment Dems What They Are: REPUBLICANS
I'm pro-life. And I'm voting for Hillary. Here's why. [Some excellent talking points
The case Against Bernie Sanders
Smoking Gun: Email Suggests Hillary Broke Law; Clinton instructed an aide to remove the classification marking from information, a federal offense
Remember "progressive" Killer Mike? Now goes by #SlickConservative and is pro-NRA. Guess Killer was right all along.
New revelations show a nation for sale under Hillary Clinton
The Sanders Campaign Tried to Rig Caucus Tiebreakers With Double-Sided Coins
Dont rule it out: Bernie Sanders (slightly) leaves door open for Green Party run with Jill Stein
Bernie Lied! Hillary Clinton Actually Refused to Call Him Unqualified Three Times
The Key Question On The Clinton Foundation Is Whether It Saved Lives. The Answer Is Clearly Yes.
This is what the "Green Tea Party" Doesn't Seem to Understand about Being Progressive
Bernie Loses His Halo: Even progressives are criticizing him now after hes shown a harder edge.
Sanders flunks on foreign policy
Lets Grow Up, Liberals: I voted for Bernie Sanders. But its enough with the purity already.
Hillary Clinton Reaches Out to Sanders Supporters and Expands Criticism of Trump: Hillary embraces more of Bernie's ideas in California and makes a strong and provocative critique of Trump.
Harvard Study Confirms The Media Tore Down Clinton, Built Up Trump And Sanders
Why Im Supporting Hillary Clinton: A Plea to Louisiana Progressives
Jill Stein: Clinton emails reveal security risks, special deals for donors
Sanders loses convention leverage: Bernie's summer was supposed to be about strengthening his hand for the Democratic convention. But since the California primary, his position has gotten weaker.
Jill Stein says leaked emails prove DNC sabotage; urges Sanders to withdraw Clinton endorsement, explore collaboration with Green Party
Why the Green Party Has Destroyed Itself with Jill Stein
Jill Stein Continues Pandering to Anti-Vaxxers
Hillary Clinton Is Trying Really Hard to Repel Progressives
Hillary Clinton Has Eased One Of The Biggest Doubts About Her Capacity To Be A Good President
Bernie Sanders Goes AWOL on Guns Filibuster: He was up in Vermont. Well, okay. He deserves some rest. But what a thing to missand what a message it sends.
An Ode to My Berniebro Trolls
Hillary Clinton gets Backing From Congressional Black Caucus
Hillary Clinton correct that Bernie Sanders flip-flopped on liability for gun makers, sellers
Texas Newspaper Destroys The Myth That Hillary Clinton Is The Lesser Of Two Evils
Hillary Clinton is just the latest ambitious American woman to be accused of ill health.
Beware the Hillary Clinton-Loathing, Donald Trump-Loving Useful Idiots of the Left: The Republican nominees words are music to the ears of progressives averse to the Democratic nominees support for the U.S.-led liberal world order.
Biden spills beans: Sanders will endorse Clinton
Think Youve Got It Locked, Hillary? Meet Jill Stein.
The System Isnt Rigged Against Sanders: Clintons winning because more Democrats want her to be the nominee.
Clinton turned Sanders's attacks on her Wall Street ties into a game of chicken. And she won.
For those of you voting for Jill Stein, please look at her electoral history
A New Low For Jill Stein - The Boston Globe
Hillary Clinton Becomes First Female Nominee of Major U.S. Political Party
Cenk Uygur on Bernie Sanders Speech: The Revolution Matters More Than Defeating Trump
Hillary Did What She Needed To Do: If Undecided Voters Were Looking For An Excuse To Come Around To Clintons Corner, They May Have Found It On Monday Night.
President Trump? Theres only one way to stop it happening: As the first TV debate looms the race is on a knife edge. Unless voters on the left want to repeat bitter history, they have to swallow their doubts and back Hillary
Bernie Sanders Officially Announces He Will Run for President Forever
The Folly of the Protest Vote: Either Clinton or Trump will be the next president of the United States. Not Jill Stein. Not Gary Johnson.
Hillary Clinton says Bernie Sanders supported Minutemen, indefinite detention for the undocumented
Patton Oswalt Flips The Idiotic Hillary Clinton Pneumonia 'Controversy' On Its Head
Bernie Sanders: "Yes," I'll Vote for Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton's first general election campaign ad!
You Might Not Have Noticed, but Hillary Clinton Has a Really Progressive Tax Plan
I'm glad Sanders won New Hampshire, but I want Hillary Clinton to be president
Trump Could Win It All: A new survey shows a sizable number of Democrats ready to defect from Hillary Clinton to Donald Trump.
Green Party Seeks Sanders Supporters to Expand Its Base
Bernie or Bust Voters Have a Home with the Green Partys Jill Stein
Why are Bernie supporters posting anti-Hillary memes inspired by Trump fans and literal Nazis? :: We Hunted The Mammoth
An incredible speech by Cory Booker at the DNC - I can't wait to see him to run for president in 2024
The Nation. Why Hillary Clinton Doesnt Deserve the Black Vote.  From the crime bill to welfare reform, policies Bill Clinton enactedand Hillary Clinton supporteddecimated black America.
How the National Rifle Association helped get Bernie Sanders elected
The Electoral Map Is Looking Pretty Darn Good For Clinton Right Now
Can We Trust Julian Assange and WikiLeaks? -- The D.N.C. emails were in the public interest but they also show how reckless and agenda-driven WikiLeaks has become.
Why The Two Historically Unpopular Candidates Meme Is A Sham  One That Boosts Donald Trump
Never In A Million Years Will I Vote For Jill Stein
Hey progressives, Hillary isnt the enemy: Im a Sanders supporter, but Im sick of Bernie Bros Clinton Derangement Syndrome
Al Gore: If You Care About The Climate Crisis, Dont Vote For A Third Party -- In my experience, it matters a lot.
Jill Stein's Plan to Stop Trump by Electing Him -- NYMag
Bernie Blew It -- Elizabeth Warren is the surrogate he was supposed to be. His supporters have become Clintons. How Sanders overplayed his hand.
HRC Stands with Hillary Clinton in Iowa
Clinton's VP Tim Kaine is a warmonger and anti-abortion
Sanders: 'Clinton will make an outstanding president'
Liberal groups to Bernie and Hillary: Time to unify
A Progressive Case for Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton Beats Bernie Sanders in Nevada Caucuses
Left-Leaning Economists Question Cost of Bernie Sanderss Plans
Bill Clinton rips Sanders backers' 'sexist,' 'profane' attacks
3 Big Achievements of the Clinton Foundation That the Right Wing Will Never Be Able to Smear.
Moody's: Hillary Clinton's economy would create 10.4 million jobs in 4 years
I won't be shamed into voting for Clinton.
Progressive Family Values: Policies for the real, real America.
Thinking Of Casting A Protest Vote? You Better Know Your History.
How Russia Often Benefits When Julian Assange Reveals the West's Secrets
Can Sanders and Warren work together? -- He's got the movement, she's got the clout, but some doubt whether they can turn it into action.
Hillary Clintons Pathetic Fiscal Plans  Matt Bruenig
Sanders campaign just crossed Nevada's most powerful union
Clinton calls Sanders out on Planned Parenthood
Bernie Sanders proposes tax hike to pay for health care plan
Bernie Sanders, Absent From Filibuster, Endorses Anti-Abortion Candidate
Privilege is what allows Sanders supporters to say theyll never vote for Clinton
Jill Stein insists Trump is less dangerous than Clinton  and attacks Bernie Sanders as a DC insider
Clinton Inflames Progressive Base with Choice of Tim Kaine as Vice President. "If Clinton has reached out to Bernie supporters, it appears that she has done so to stick triangulating thumbs in their eyes."
A Final Debunking of Progressive Attacks on Hillary Rodham Clinton
The Hillary Clinton email story is out of control
Hillary and Tim Kaine: a Match Made on Wall Street
Hillary Clinton just achieved another big first
Erica Jong: Why I trust Hillary Clinton
3 Reasons to Vote for Hillary Clinton That Have Nothing To Do with Hillary Clinton
Why Hillary Clinton Wouldn't Be A Foreign Policy Hawk As President
Green Candidate Jill Stein Maintains Anti-Vaxxer Cred
Jill Stein on vaccines: People have real questions
Leaked memo: Sanders team wanted use of private jet in exchange for backing Clinton
"As is extremely obvious, the Democrats definition of terrorist is anyone whom the U.S. government suspects of being a terrorist.
Want To Know Why 50 People Died In Orlando? It Wasnt Terrorism  It Was A Gun.
This is why Trumps winning, and why I wont vote for Hillary
Bernie Sanderss Big Night Might Be Last One for a While
The fight over Hillary Clintons speaking fees is ridiculous
Hillary Clinton Narrowly Defeats Bernie Sanders in Iowa Democratic Caucuses
Hillary Clinton for the Democratic Nomination
Democrats would be insane to nominate Bernie Sanders
Sanders: We will raise taxes, yes we will
The progressive case for Hillary Clinton is pretty overwhelming
In first debate, Clinton goes after the heart of Trumps candidacy
Trump deals Clinton a winning card
Why This Election Is SO Important. Wes Clark Jr. Vs. Jimmy Dore Debate
Something I don't get about the far left
Hillary Clinton told FBI concussion made her forget briefings, report reveals
The Wild Beliefs of Ajamu Baraka, Jill Steins Green Party Running Mate: Ajamu Baraka, the Green Party vice-presidential pick, has a history of engaging with fringe theories.
Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein touts her green new deal
Snopes defended Jill Stein -- both are wrong about vaccines
Jill Stein Interview with Fox Business News 29th June 2016
A Clinton-Warren ticket gets closer to reality: Progressives just might get their original dream candidate
Does MSNBC have no shame? - Declaring Clinton's victory before the delegates actually vote.
Its time to look in the mirror, Bernie: Now, more than ever, Sanders needs to be criticized for his failed political theories -- Sanders backers must stop calling Clinton a "sore winner," and instead learn the right lessons from his failure
Thomas Frank: Bill Clinton's Five Major Achievements Were Longstanding GOP Objectives
Protestors go crazy during The Triggering event at UMass
Liberal Biases, Too, May Block Progress on Climate Change: Liberal resistance to nuclear power plants, which emit virtually no greenhouse gases, could be damaging in the effort to combat climate change.
Van Jones says he might vote for Stein
Hillary Clinton Throws "Excuse Me" Back At Bernie Sanders in An Ultimate Repeat Shade
Exclusive: Bernie Sanders Begins Building Foreign Policy Team
The Definitive, Encyclopedic Case For Why Hillary Clinton is the Wrong Choice
The Editorial Board of the Washington Post: Bernie Sanderss fiction-filled campaign
Ta-Nehisi Coates on Bernie Sanders and Reparations
Democratic debate: Hillary Clinton goes after Bernie Sanders on gun control
Hours before debate, Sanders shares details of health plan that would raise income taxes
Bernie Sanders is enjoying a lift but only a fool would bet against Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton Is Stepping Up Her Smear Campaign Against Bernie: First she suggested the Vermont senator was sexist. Now shes reaching for the race card.
Hillary Clinton: Child care now costs more than rent. Heres how to fix this crisis.
Bernie Sanders Has Earned His Success. Hillary Clinton Embodies White Privilege
Your Gleeful Liberal Takedown of Hillary Clinton Is Affirming Institutional Sexism: Its time liberals acknowledge that their vitriol toward the presidential candidate is hurting women  and speaks to something deeper
If at first you dont succeed: how Hillary Clinton came back from the brink - Eight years ago, Hillary Clinton conceded defeat to Barack Obama. Next week, she will be officially nominated as the Democratic candidate and potential first female president. How did she get here?
Americans are split on "reverse racism." That still doesn't mean it exists.
Hillary Clinton Gets Her Victory Speech as Road to Nomination Clears
Jill Stein is not the savior the left is looking for.
Vote for the Lying Neoliberal Warmonger: Its Important
The Irony in Democrats Celebration of Muslim Lives: While Trump verbally disparages Muslims, a Democratic president is actually killing Muslim children by the dozen.
Clinton has raised tens of millions to aid in electing Democrats. Sanders? "We'll see."
Yes, Donald Trump is grotesque. But I will never vote for Hillary Clinton
Bernie Isn't Best for Black Voters
The Gary Johnson Swindle and the Degradation of Third Party Politics
Bernie Sanders is too old
Friends Don't Let Friends Vote for Jill Stein
Will Sanders Supporters Come Around? -- The science of intergroup dynamics suggests they will.
Elizabeth Warren To Endorse Hillary Clinton After The Democratic Primary Ends
Bernie Sanders: $15T in tax increases proposed, hitting most taxpayers, report finds
After Bernie: Green Party Hopeful Jill Stein Says Millennials Can Take Over This Election
Attention, World: Chelsea Handler Is Set To Interview Ann Coulter
Why Does Green Party's Stein Keep Leaving The Door Open For The Anti-Vaxxer Crowd?
Why commission must let Gary Johnson, Jill Stein into debates
Senator Menendez Op-Ed: Hillary Clinton Has the Right Stuff for Prez
Bernie Sanders Is Losing Fair and Square
Hillary Clinton will almost certainly clinch the Democratic nomination on June 7
Polls that claim to show Bernie is more electable really show a candidate who hasn't been attacked
Bill Clinton Has Always Been This Person: Clinton has spent his entire career inflicting harm on black people while cynically claiming to speak for their interests
This is why gun control advocates will never forgive Bernie Sanders
Bernie Sanderss fiction-filled campaign - The Washington Post
Clinton Accuses Sanders of 'Flip-Flopping' on Guns
Watchdog Group Destroys GOP Conspiracy Theories By Giving Clinton Foundation High Marks
No brain, no heart, no spine
Will the Left Survive the Millennials?
Clinton's F-You to Progressives: This is How Trump Could Become President
Hillary Clintons Technology Policy Is Surprisingly Solid
Decoding Bernie Sanders #ArtfulSmear of Hillary Clinton
You want a People's Revolution? Support The People's Convention in Philly, July 23rd!
George Takei scolds Bernie supporters who would rather bust than vote for Hillary
Sanders Over the Edge - Paul Krugman
Sanders Campaign Missteps With Influential Nevada Union and DREAMers Anger Activists
Quinnipiac Poll: 6 in 10 American Voters Do Not Trust Hillary Clinton
Clarification: not voting for someone is not the same thing as voting for someone else
Dont believe what you hear about Clinton
Why no Progressive Party? I think it would go over better than the green party. There are literally 12,000,000 people that would consider joining.
George Zimmerman to auction off gun he used to kill Trayvon Martin
Why Soviet Refugees Aren't Buying Sanders's Socialism: The ultra-conservative views of many in the Russian Jewish community are driven by memories of life in the USSR.
Obama's Gun Confiscation Count: Week #375
Beyond shady: Clinton-supporting PAC money pays "spies" to sabotage Bernie Sanders campaign
Bernie Sanders Is Currently Winning the Democratic Primary Race, and I'll Prove It to You
White People Explain Why They Feel Oppressed
Sanders upsets families in Newtown wrongful death lawsuit
Hillary Clinton stresses gun control as 'big difference' of Democratic race
Republicans Start To Acknowledge They Might Face Bernie Sanders
Labor Deploys Ground Forces to Iowa For Hillary
Should nondisabled adults without children have to work to get food stamps?
Oscar 2016: The nominees are blindingly white. Again.
A message from /pol/.
Two Reasons I Can't Vote For Hillary
Meet the Women Who Say Theres a Better Feminist in the Race Than Hillary Clinton
If Hillary picks Tim Kaine for VP I think I will cry.
Inside the bitter last days of Bernie's revolution -- For better and for worse, Sanders made all the big decisions.
Bernie Sanders has not released full tax returns
Russia may be meddling in US politics. Where is the left-wing outrage? -- Thanks to Bernie Sanders, leftwingers of my generation are poised to wield enormous influence over national politics. Lets not use it to excuse Russia
Why Does the Left Hate Hillary?
Heres What Bernie Sanders Doesnt Want You To Know About College Costs
Wall St. Ties Linger as Image Issue for Hillary Clinton
Jill Stein in Moscow criticized US human rights, said nothing about Russian human rights
Its Official: Sarah Palins Career Is In A Death Spiral, Her Last Trainwreck Speech Sealed It
No, Jill Stein is NOT Anti-Vax
War and Wall Street:Clinton's Bleak Record
It looks like a mess, but the Democratic Party is more unified than it seems
Bernie Sanders Endorses Hillary Clinton, Cementing Democrats Unity: Whether Mrs. Clinton can also win over the 12 million Sanders voters will be one of her biggest challenges at the partys convention and in the weeks ahead.
Endorsement: Hillary Clinton has needed knowledge, experience
The betrayal that should haunt Hillary Clinton: How she sold out working women & then never apologized
Bernie Sanders wrong to say, 'When you're white ... you don't know what it's like to be poor'
A man who has declared bankruptcy four times isnt a great person to put in charge of job creation. We have too much blind faith in business leaders.
A Milestone For Women In Politics
I love Bernie Sanders but.....
WikiLeaks is fanning a conspiracy theory that Hillary murdered a DNC staffer.
Stop Mocking Gary Johnson
Jill Stein: 'I would not have assassinated Osama bin Laden'
Who said it, Trump or Clinton? Democrats Can't Decide
Democrats gear up to stop Obama on TPP trade deal
Wikileaks/Assange promoting conspiracy that Hillary killed DNC staffer
WikiLeaks founder speaks to Green Party convention in Texas
Why the Black Lives Matter Platform's False Accusation of Israeli 'Genocide' Was So Damaging: The groups new platform, and this false accusation, united American Jewish organizations and individualsusually at oddsin outrage
Keith Ellison: I'm a Progressive. And I'm with her.
Top Sanders supporter: He must endorse Clinton before the Dem convention -- One of Bernie's most important backers in Congress gives him a push.
The enormous ambition of Hillary Clintons child-care plan
Why Bernie Doesn't Quit: Public Choice 101
Pro-Trump tow truck driver leaves disabled Sanders supporter stranded on roadside
Hillary Clinton embraced as keynote speaker at fund-raiser for all-boys Eagle Academy she helped establish
Think Trump's 45 Percent Tariffs Are Bad? Try Obama's 10,000 Percent Tariffs
All-out warfare is about to break out between Bernie Sanders supporters and the political press
Hillary Clinton Wins Texas' Democratic Presidential Primary
Hillary could lose to Trump in Democratic New York
Sanders rails against Clinton as wannabe progressive
Bill Clinton: Bernie Sanders is No Obama
White House applauds Clinton for Iowa win
Clinton vows to win nomination to keep Bloomberg out of race
Bernie Sanders Reverses Course on Gun Immunity Vote
Hillary Clinton in Her Own Words
Dear Everyone: Hillary Losing Is Hillary's Fault, Not ANYONE Else's
Hillary Clinton Brings Out the Real Donald Trump
Why Leftists Should Have No Problem Voting For Hillary Clinton: What matters is not who you vote for, what matters is what happens in the world as a result
Hillary Clinton Wins Florida
Handbook for Psychopaths: The formula for becoming an infallible legend in your own mind. Remind you of anyone?
Hillary Clinton Threatened To Murder Bernie Sanders, Says Credible Not-Russian-Sounding News Site
A new road ahead for the Green Party
Last time the Clintons were in the White House, they dismantled black communities: the data is clear that the last time a Clinton was in the White House, minorities were jailed at higher rates than during any of Clintons predecessors, with 673,000 new inmates in state and federal prisons.
Tim Kaine has a refreshing (and bipartisan) approach to financial reform.
Sanders To Endorse Hillary Clinton
88 people were shot during the gun control sit-in
Hillary Helps a Bankand Then It Funnels Millions to the Clintons
Hillary Clinton: The Historical Figures in Her Victory Video
Will Bernie Sanders Supporters Vote For Clinton? Why Many Youth Want Jill Stein, Gary Johnson As The Next President
Bernie Sanders' Team Says the Race Isn't Over: 'Clinton Does Not Have and Will Not Have' Enough Delegates to Win
Sanders is beating Obamas 2008 youth vote record. And the primarys not even over.
CNN anchor schools Sanders surrogate: Bernie is not going to win 107 percent of the delegates
Hillary Clinton Is Still the Favorite
It's Over Gandalf. We Need to Unite Behind Saruman to Save Middle Earth from Sauron!
So I keep hearing people say Trump is literally Hitler.
Hard Choices: I used to hate Hillary. Now Im voting for her.
Nothing changed about Hillary Clintons emails today. Heres why its still a complete non-issue.
Sanders operatives accused of posing as union workers in Vegas
Listen To Tim Kaine's "I'm Conservative" Radio Ads From 2005: In his radio ads during the contentious 2005 Virginia gubernatorial campaign, Kaine touted his support for restrictions on late-term abortion, while his issues page mentioned Virginias history of fiscal conservatism.
Sorry Clinton supporters but Jill Stein is not an anti-vaccine presidential candidate
"She is willing to build bridges between people rather than burn them. She understands the fragility of the global community and has the background to try to build coalitions to fight terrorism and build the global economy," -- Mark Cuban
Ralph Nader Still Won't Admit He Elected Bush
Bernie Sanders Or Bust: Why Bernie Must Be Our Nominee
Why Im supporting Clinton over Sanders: Liberals dont need a savior, but someone who can actually get things done in Washington
Defecting Democrats, Trump and bitterness: Why Jill Stein just might turn November upside down
Exit Polls, and Why the Primary Was Not Stolen From Bernie Sanders: Its true that he did better in exit polls than in actual elections. But the problem was the flaws in those polls, not a conspiracy.
A Berniecrat's Argument Against Jill Stein and For Hillary Clinton
The Bernie Sanders Left Has Problems With Tim Kaine? Oh, Grow Up, People! -- Yes, the Virginia senator is moderate on some things. But why does taking on the banks gain one more progressive cred than fighting racial discrimination? Hmmm
How Putin Weaponized Wikileaks to Influence the Election of an American President
Bernie Sanders Endorses Hillary Clinton
Bernie Sanders definition of progressive is a very selective one.
Misfire by Sanders campaign: Bernies wrong to try to own the word progressive in criticism of Hillary
You might be surprised to learn that Hillary is a flaming liberal...
The Media Are Bored, but Below the Radar, Clinton Is Connecting
Sanders returning to campaign trail for Clinton
Hillary Clinton's evisceration of Donald Trump
Clintons Long Shadow: Hillary Clinton may never be called to account for her role in Haitis ongoing political crisis.
Why Video Evidence Wasnt Enough to Get Justice for Tamir Rice: The video didnt matter to the prosecutor because killing black people is not a crime.
Richard Dawkins Slams 'Regressive Left' for Turning 'Treacherous Blind Eye' to Misogyny, Homophobia Promoted by Islam
The unexpected side effect of Hillary 2016: How she transformed Democrats into new Republicans
It's beyond debate that Donald Trump is unfit to be president
Charles Blow Blames Rigged Election Talk On Sanders: Clinton Is Beating Men  Deal With It
Taking Care of Business on Debate Night -- Last nights most amazing feat: Hillary Clinton turned Donald Trumps career into a handicap on the biggest night of the campaign.
Who Hates Trade Treaties? Surprisingly, Not Voters: Support for trade agreements in general, and the pending Pacific pact in particular, stands in notable contrast to the toxicity of trade this election season.
If You Thought Obama Was Giving Less Military Gear to Local Police Departments, You Were Wrong
Pence finally releases fact today that Trump pays no taxes: "Other than a whole bunch of zeros, he (Trump) and I have a great deal in common [on our tax returns
Unfinished Business: The Essential Hillary Clinton: CNN Documentary (9/5/2016)
Gulf Residents Arrested Telling Obama: More Drilling Equals More Floods
The secret to Trump: Hes really a Russian oligarch (well, not really, but he acts like one)
Who among the superdelegates will take up and wield the long forgotten initiative to instruct legislators? If they can't give us Sanders, demand at least referenda on the constitutional amendments we need to survive as a free people.
Our Democratic Socialism
What Bernie Sanders Meant
St. Stein Speaks! -- As Americas most uncompromising leftist, I believe we need more selective criminal prosecutions of people based on specious national security grounds.
Elizabeth Warren Is Hillary Clintons Most Rational Choice for VP: The case for Warren is stronger than Tim Kaine boosters allow. Stronger than anybody else's, in fact.
Has Elizabeth Warren been replaced as the face of American Progressive politics by Bernie Sanders?
Thinking About Hillary  A Plea for Reason
Evolution Or Expediency? Clinton's Changing Positions Over A Long Career
Ralph Naders run for Harvard board backed by Bernie donor who supported quasi-white nationalists
Reid openly wants progressive Alan Greyson to lose his primary.
Bernie Sanders says climate change is real
Hillary Clinton vs. Bernie Sanders - Big Oil & Big Money
Heat From Democrats on Bernie Grows Louder: Drop Out and Get #WithHer
The Obamacare Replacement Mirage
A video game like animation with Bernie Sanders as hero and Reddit as his trusty sidekick bringing some levity and fun to the campaign. Thank you Wautil
It's Over Gandalf. We Need to Unite Behind Saruman to Save Middle Earth from Sauron!
Hillary Clinton Thunders to Big Win in South Carolina
Why the Democratic establishment fears Bernie Sanders
The Single Most Important Difference Between Bernie and Hillary
The Argument For Bernie Sanders
Bernie Sanders calls out the media, Donald Trump, and Clinton's SuperPAC
Hillary Clinton Scores Endorsement from Biggest LGBT Rights Group
Nearly 70 are arrested in America over ISIS plots and they include refugees
When discussing racism, especially online, it's important to remember: you don't know more about racism than people who experience it
Pirate Party like Democratic candidate for US presidency being cheated out of debate spot by Democrat Party insiders.
Media Scrambles To Discourage Sanders Supporters From Voting Jill Stein
Gary Johnson Just Has One Simple Question: And What Is Aleppo?
President Barack Obama endorses Hillary Clinton for president
If you live in a swing state, please just vote for Hillary
Hillary Clinton's pledge to avoid middle-class tax hikes is bad news for progressive politics
11 reasons why Bernie Sanders lost this thing fair and square By kos
Reports: Sanders Will Nominate Clinton Ahead Of DNC Roll Call
Ralph Nader: I was not a spoiler in 2000. Jill Stein doesnt deserve that insulting label, either.
Ohio city posts shocking photos to highlight heroin problem
The Paranoid Left Mistakes Hillary Clinton for a Neoconservative
Russian Greens blast Jill Stein's silence on Putin's human rights abuses
Jill Stein calls for green New Deal to address climate change
WikiLeaks Doesn't Care It's Naming Teenage Rape Victims And Outing People
WikiLeaks posted medical files of rape victims and children, investigation finds: The radical transparency organization has published sensitive personal data belonging to hundreds of ordinary citizens, an investigation has revealed
Bernie Sanders: No need to reveal personal finances
CNN Green Party Town Hall focuses on whether Barack Obama is an Uncle Tom
With A Comfortable Lead, Clinton Begins Laying Plans For Her White House Agenda
Donald Trump's campaign is basically a RSS feed of Russian disinformation and white supremacist sites
The Racial Wealth Gap Will Persist Until Neoliberalism and Its Peddlers Are Defeated
What's next for the Bernie Sanders movement (especially for Californian students)?
Green party's Jill Stein invites Bernie Sanders to take over ticket: Stein, expected to become the partys nominee at its August convention, says she has invited Sanders to collaborate: Everything is on the table
Report: Clinton Planning To Fill Half Of Cabinet Positions With Women
What to Do About Guns? John Lewis Revives Civil Rights Tactic: The Georgia representative and other House Democrats borrowed from an old playbook when they staged a sit-in to try to force a vote on gun legislation.
The struggle of being transgender in an eating disorder clinic
Hillary Clintons Feminist Mission: Defeat Americas Biggest Sexist
Clinton Just Effectively FIRED Debbie Wasserman-Schultz
Every Bernie supporter needs to hear this
Leftists for Trump: What Is to Be Done About These Insufferable Nihilists? -- Politics is not about your personal catharsis.
Green Party's Jill Stein to Sanders fans: 'There's a plan B here'
How Bernie Sanders Exposed the Democrats Racial Rift
The pragmatic progressive: what sets Obama apart from Bernie Sanders
Sanders Needs to Talk Down His Supporters
Why Are Bernie Sanders Supporters Voting For Jill Stein? She is An Anti-Establishment Choice
Checkoff secrecy not justified
Why Sanders is a better bet against Trump
Clinton Camp says She's Been Forced to the Left Enough Already
Sanders campaign begins laying off staff
Campaign Mystery: Why Don't Bernie Sanders' Big Rallies Lead To Big Wins? Because the $ame people attend multiple rallies.
Bernie Sanders Could Win The Election OUTSIDE The Democratic Party [Truth&Comedy
Bill Clinton Insults Blacks in Order to Build Hillarys Big Tent Party
The Bernie Sanders voters who would choose Trump over Clinton
Is this Sanders choice for VP? Check out her record on wikipedia and YouTube. She deserves to lead the Sanders youth to a new Democratic Party they can embrace.
Hillary Clintons progressive problem: The real policy differences between her and Bernie Sanders can actually be quantified
Bill Clinton erupts, and its 2008 all over again
Trump has all the angry old men. Clinton has all the angry old women. Sanders has all the young people. Who is embracing the future?
Why Liberals Should Support a Trump Republican Nomination
Watch Bernie Sanders Sing With Vampire Weekend at Iowa Rally: Rolling Stone.
How Relevant Is The Human Rights Campaign?
Hillary Clinton's Coming Legal Crisis. To understand the gravity of these issues, it is important to recognize that this is not just an email scandal. It is an email + server + foundation scandal.
Bernie's ISIS strategy is a disaster
Rand Paul: Hillary Clinton's Support For Rape Victims Makes Husband's Sex Life Fair Game
Hundreds of Armed Right-Wing Militia Members Take Over Federal Building
Century of Enslavement: The History of The Federal Reserve
Debbie Wasserman Schultz must go, and the case Bernie Sanders must make tonight
Rand Paul: Hillary Clinton and Marco Rubio Have Same Foreign Policy
Nobody Understands Poor Sam Harris
I could never imagine Bernie Sanders discussing this subject matter so thoroughly.
8 Syrians Caught at Texas Border in Laredo
Clinton Foundation Failed to Report $20M in Donations from Governments
My beef with Hillary is mainly that she is an enemy of the poor | Matt Bruenig
Susan Sarandon joins Louis C.K. in being just fine with a possible GOP win that would put the less-privileged in jeopardy.
George Takei urges fellow Sanders supporters: Abandon family squabble and back Clinton
On coldest night of 2016, Birmingham's homeless warming station used for Sanders rally
Hillary Clintons latest attack on Bernie Sanders shows shes a rotten candidate
Harvard legal expert delves into problems the U.S. has with cynicism and elections, SLAMS apathetic youth/non-voters
Whats Really Ailing Hillary: A long time ago, Clinton was far more transparent, emotional and open than she is today. Then the media began slamming herand didnt stop.
The Case Against Jill Stein - Rolling Stone
Progressives: Dems Want Your Votes While Working Against Your Candidates
Did Longtime Ally Just Blow Major Hole in Clinton's TPP Credibility? "Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe, a longtime friend of the Clinton family, said this week that Hillary Clinton would support the controversial Trans Pacific Partnership if elected president, despite claiming to oppose it..."
Bernie Sanders Easily Wins the Policy Debate
Will Bernie Sanders Hurt His Own Cause? -- Petty political fights distract from the Vermont senators goal of a long-lasting movement.
Heres the fatal flaw in Bernie Sanders supporters claim that the establishment screwed him
Here's why I never warmed up to Bernie Sanders
Why Bernie Sanders Can't Govern
Cut Clinton some slack
J.J. Abrams: Why Im Supporting Hillary Clinton for President
Why Bernie Sanders Doesnt Want Your Vote
Critics cry foul over Coingate: Hillary Clinton had 1.6% chance of winning 6 coin tosses that made her winner in Iowa
This Election is Too Important Not to Vote for Hillary
Wikileaks Releases Hillary Transcripts!
Can Bernie Undo the Damage Hes Done to Clinton?
Bill Clinton: "Make America Great Again"
Russia-Backed DNC Hackers Strike Washington Think Tanks: The same Kremlin-backed group that hacked the Pentagon, State Department, and DNC targeted DC insiders last week.
Why Clinton Republicans matter
From Jill Stein, disturbing echoes of Ralph Nader
Why isn't fivethirtyeight.com including Jill Stein in their election forecast and polling numbers? They have only Clinton, Trump, and Johnson. RealClearPolitics.com includes Stein. Stein's eventual share of the vote could be important in states in which Clinton and Trump are close in the polls.
The real Hillary Clinton: warm, honest, caring.
Vladimir Putin Has a Plan for Destroying the Westand It Looks a Lot Like Donald Trump
I Triggered A State Department Leak More Serious Than Hillary Clintons: You Might Be Surprised At How Light The Punishment Was.
Rep. Tulsi Gabbard Dodges Debating Opponent: The Congresswoman Who Resigned From A Top Democratic Party Post After Protesting A Lack Of Debates Between Bernie Sanders And Hillary Clinton, Is Now Refusing To Debate Her Own Democratic Opponent.
Hillary Clinton and Elizabeth Warren Meet to Forge Unity: The sit-down comes as Mrs. Clinton is quickly consolidating the support of Democrats, particularly on the left, since becoming the presumptive nominee this week.
Bernie Sanderss aides just threw him under the bus to Politico
Voters outraged as media accused of falsely, preemptively crowning Clinton
Before Bernie: How Ralph Nader Created a System to Exploit Young, Idealistic Progressives
OK, Enough, Just Pick Warren
WaPo poll finds 90% of Native Americans NOT offended by Washington Redskins name.
Bernie's Bad End: "What were getting instead is an epic descent into whining."
The end is near: Clinton and Sanders camps quietly signal resolution
An Elaborate Hillary Clinton Facebook Conspiracy With Coordinated Attacks and Porn? No, Just a Glitch
The Baltimore Sun endorses Clinton for president
When Bernie Sanders, Conventional Politician, Called for Still More Mass Incarceration
Why do you try to restrict 2nd amendment rights?
Trump fought for and got the inclusion of the first transgender contestant in Miss Universe In 2012 when she was initiatally denied
Dolores Huerta says she was shouted down with English-only chants from a Sanders crowd
Feminisms Generation Gap: Gloria Steinem and Madeleine Albright are the latest to expose the divide.
Howard Dean: "Labor Unions are Super PACS that democrats like" so why isn't Bernie being asked for transcripts for his speeches to labor unions
Bernie Sanders' Single-Payer Health Care Plan Would Increase Federal Spending By At Least $28 Trillion
Why This Progressive Is Really Excited About Hillary
The Bernie Sanders and Killer Mike video list from Atlanta
Where Has Hillary Clinton Been? Ask the Ultrarich: Mrs. Clinton raked in roughly $50 million at 22 fund-raising events, averaging around $150,000 an hour, according to a New York Times tally.
After Orlando, Its Clearer Than Ever: This Election Is a Civil War
Bernie Sanders Gives Millennials 4 Big Reasons Why They Should Vote For Hillary Clinton
Robert Reich (Why All Progressives Must Vote For Hillary)
WIRED Endorses Optimism
Hillary Clinton Now Loses to Trump in Polls. Bernie Sanders Beats Trump by 10.8 Points.
How to Stop Trump: The protesters shutting down Donald Trumps rallies arent attacking democracy  theyre protecting it
Was a Trump Server Communicating With Russia? This spring, a group of computer scientists set out to determine whether hackers were interfering with the Trump campaign. They found something they werent expecting.
10 reasons why #DemExit is serious: Getting rid of Debbie Wasserman Schultz is not enough
Robert Reich: Why all progressives should vote Hillary
The Atlantic Magazine: Why Can't Hillary Clinton Stop Lying? The Democratic presidential nominee came off a successful convention week in Philadelphia and landed right back in hot water with another fabrication.
Bernie Sanders: It is imperative we elect Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton is far from the only American going to work sick
The Sad Decline of VOX: How a Once-Promising Media Outlet Became a Bastion of Neoliberal Corporatism
Tired of the 2 party BS political system? Want a Real Progressive party that believes honesty and integrity should be core values?
Green Party hopeful Jill Stein: Hillary Clinton should be prosecuted
Ben Stein: 'I don't think Trump knows a goddamn thing about economics' -- The Republican economist talks about the 2016 election and why hell still vote for Donald Trump despite this preposterous ideas about the economy
Stupid Billy Corgan is stupid
Face It: A Vote for Hillary Clinton Is a Vote for War
KING: White men killed most cops in 2016, conservatives silent | "Instead, 71% of police who've been shot and killed so far in 2016 have been killed by good old-fashioned white men."
Dear fellow liberals/progressives, we've lost a battle unfortunately but the war still rages on and many more battles are coming. Lets keep up the same activism we've had for Sanders for a progressive future in America.
Julian Assange Explains Why Voting for Hillary Clinton Will 'Spread Terrorism'
Hillary Clintons Not Sick -- Our Sexist Media Is | "Hillary Clinton has pneumonia! Omigod!!! A 68-year-old woman whos been racing around the country for months shaking a million hands has contracted a minor illness! She must be unfit to serve as president! She must be hiding something!"
Newly released Clinton emails shed light on relationship between State Dept. and Clinton Foundation
Green Party Sees Opportunity Amid Wide Voter Discontent
The Black Lives Matter Network advocates for dignity, justice, and respect | Black Lives Matter
I Used an Assault Rifle in the Army. I Dont Think Civilians Should Own Them. -- These weapons were intended for the battlefield.
AP declares Clinton winner of Democratic primary
I Don't Like Hillary Clinton Or The Democratic Party. I'm Voting For Them Anyway.
Why Is the Progressive Left Helping the Elite Elect Hillary?
Colin Powells foundation and Hillary Clintons are treated very differently by the media
Sanders puts Clinton over the top; In dramatic show of party unity, the Vermont senator asks that Clinton be formally selected as the Democratic nominee.
Barney Frank Is Not Impressed by Bernie Sanders: Bernie Sanders has been in Congress for 25 years with little to show for it.
An All-Caps Explosion of Feelings Regarding the Liberal Backlash Against Hillary Clinton
Greener Pastures: A top environmental activist isnt so sure about the Green Party presidential candidates green cred. Jane Kleeb was one of the most prominent leaders in the fight against the Keystone XL pipeline, and now shes turned her attention to defeating the Dakota Access pipeline.
The Bitch America Needs
10 Questions I Would Like Green Party Supporters and Jill Stein to Answer
Russian environmentalists label U.S. Greens leader, Putin 'accomplice'
Politico offers up the media-generated fake Clinton scandal of the day
[CommonDreams.org:
The Real Reason They Attack Jill Stein
Clintons Post-Convention Bump Is Showing No Signs Of Fading
Hillary Clinton is now the only candidate not pandering to the anti-vaccine movement
Trump: My Position On Keeping Terrorists Out Is What Bothered Khizr Khan
Hillary Clinton DNC biography video narrated by Morgan Freeman
Sanders Team Wanted DNC To Pay For Private Plane For Fall
Green Party's Jill Stein: What We Fear from Donald Trump, We Have Already Seen from Hillary Clinton
Bernie or bust? The lessons of 1968
Progressive scion Barney Frank finally speaks up about Bernie Sanders.
Glenn Greenwald: Hillary Clinton Has Embraced Some of the Most Brutal Dictators in the World
How the gay community shamefully lets Clintons off the hook
Are We Too Tough On Hillary Clinton?
Hillary Clinton crushes Bernie Sanders in South Carolina: 5 takeaways
Hillary Clinton's Lead Over Sanders Nearly Vanishes
Bragging that she and Israel were born within months, Clinton praises its 'prowess in war'
Al Gore: If You Care About The Climate Crisis, Dont Vote For A Third Party  ThinkProgress
Indian Oil Companies Will Develop 2.7 GW Of Solar Capacity [ Indian Oil Plans to STAY IN BUSINESS over the next 10 years. 
Why Populists Lose Elections
Bernie Sanders and the Democratic Biopsy
Clinton and Sanders Focus on the Wrong Percent - Cass Sunstein
Wikileaks Throws Weight Behind Trump
Stop the hate
White House under pressure to call out Moscow over hacking actions
Don't buy the new iPhone until Apple pays its taxes (and because there's no earphone jack)
Three Cheers for Kaepernick: Is Sitting During the National Anthem an Acceptable Form of Protest?
Study Questions How 'Tolerant' People Really Feel About Interracial Couples
Open Letter to Sanders' Supporters
Wasserman Schultz poised to beat Sanders-backed challenger: An awful summer for the former Democratic Party chief doesn't look like it will extend to losing her job in Congress.
Protesters Say They Will Occupy City Hall Park Until the NYPD Is No More
A Fracking Pipeline Puts Tim Kaines Fossil Fuel Industry Ties to the Test. Oil industry lobbyist: Hes the best we could have hoped for."
People running for office that are part of the Political Revolution.
The Latest: Thunderstorms give way to heat for DNC protests
The Republican Convention, Translated for Liberals
The Corporate Liberal in America
Hillary Clinton: Immigration needs reform, not Trump's bigotry
Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton Campaigns in Talks for Possible Endorsement Next Week
What will happen if Hillary is indicted?
Putting Labor in the Lab: How Workers Are Rebooting Their Future
Bernie Sanders: Donald Trump could benefit from the same forces that gave the Brexit proponents a majority in Britain should sound an alarm for the Democratic Party in the United States
Ironically, the same reasons why Robert Reich gives for the GOP to "Dump Trump are the reasons why Drumpf won the GOP primary
Why Bernie Sanders Enrages Democratic Leaders, In One Sentence
When Should You Start Worrying About the Polls? -- At this point before an election, a simple polling average has differed from the final result by about nine percentage points.
When it comes to cultural change in America, conservatives are pro-evolution while progressives advocate for intelligent design.
New York City Mayor De Blasio Investigated for Money Laundering
After the Panama Papers: How Should Authorities React? -- Pushing for greater transparency is an important first step.
Why should a Muslim love America? | "Trying to find a way and a reason to do so must sometimes feel foolish and naive. Why serve a country that often hates you? Why support a country that sometimes fails you? Why tell your children to believe in a country like that?"
What Black Americans Lost by Siding with Democrats
Which Candidate Do The People Trust Most With The Military?
Politics and the Golden Rule
NRA tweets support for Bernie Sanders
Liberals Should Vote for Marco Rubio to Stop Trump - The Atlantic
Why Erica Garner supports Sanders
Schumer in '07: 'We Should Not Confirm Any Bush Nominee to the Supreme Court'
As Candidates Vie For the 'Anti-Establishment' Label, Real Establishment Lives On
Hard Choices I used to hate Hillary. Now Im voting for her
No Reporters Allowed at Clinton Big Bank Speeches.
FBI Expands Hillary Clinton Corruption Investigation
2016 State of the Union Address Response
On Wall Street Reform, Bernie Sanders Is the Democrat and Hillary Clinton is the Republican
Washington Doesnt Listen? Nah. Maybe Politicians Listen Too Much.
When Performance Is Your Politics: On the Planned Parenthood shootings and the left's response
The Statue of Liberty Was Born a Muslim
#MillionStudentMarch will hurt the poeple it claims to serve! huh?
In Nationwide Student Revolt over Campus Racism, NY's Ithaca College is Latest School to Erupt
Anyone else find it a little hypocritical that Mizzou football WILL STILL PLAY BYU, the de facto face of the LDS Church who this week excommunicated gay couples and THEIR KIDS, after protesting injustice on their campus?
Outrage from Within and Without over Netanyahu Speech at Think Tank with Clinton Ties
Sanders To Campaign With Clinton Tuesday
Millennials: Someone You Love May Be Alive Because of Hillary Clinton
Gary Johnson Talks Climate Change: We Do Have to Inhabit Other Planets
Bill Blum: Black Lives Dont Matter to Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton
The gender wage gap hasnt budged in 9 years
Election Update: Clinton's Lead Keeps Shrinking
Clinton names Warren ally to transition team
My response to Hillary's "grassroots fund raising effort"
It appears that the Center of Public Integrity is all aboard the Jill Stein express
Clinton's third-party headache
How political idealism leads us astray
New website allows white people to offer reparations directly to people of color
The Obama Administration Has Brokered More Weapons Sales Than Any Other Administration Since World War II
Anyone else particularly proud now that Hillary's got the nomination?
How Debbie Wasserman Schultzs DNC Tried To Weaponize Bernie Sanderss Jewishness
'Enough is Enough' Vote for Jill Stein
On Women Who Oppose Hillary Clinton: A Conversation With Liza Featherstone
The Quick Startup Guide to Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton is the best prepared, most knowledgeable candidate on economic policy: The 8 A.M. Call
Why women should vote for women
Vote blue no matter who | "They decided that Al Gore wasnt pure enough for them, so they voted for Ralph Nader. They decided that they wanted to send a message to the Democratic Party, that they wanted to vote their conscience, and they elected George W. Bush president of the United States."
Clintons Bold Vision, Hidden in Plain Sight? "Mrs. Clinton does have an ambitious vision, and its one that should be inspiring. The fact that it remains mostly hidden from view reveals more about our current political environment than it does about her"
The Self-Fulfilling Prophecy of Disliking Hillary Clinton
No, Bernie Sanders, that is NOT the real Selma in that photo
Hillary Clinton's Winning Numbers in South Carolina Suggest Sweep in South
In Speech on Ending Racism, Hillary Clinton Offers $125 Billion Plan to Help Poor Minorities
Evidence Indicates that Bernie Sanders is the Democrats Best Shot at the White House
Sanders Wins Big in New Hampshire! Now Hes Only 352 Delegates Behind Clinton!
Hillary Clinton's Problem Isn't That She's Not Progressive, It's That She's Cautious
Sanders on his arrest during 60's civil rights action
Hillary Clinton goes with populist fire in closing argument in Iowa
From Hillary Clinton, a Single Message Told Across the Decades
Hillary Clinton Has a Killer Mike Problem
Heres One Big Problem With The Bernie Sanders Plan For Health Care Utopia
Hillary Clinton: Stop distorting Sander's Record and atone for your mistakes.
Top Google search: 'Will Hillary Clinton get prosecuted?'
On guns, Sanders has an authenticity problem -- Matt Bai
On Medicare-for-All, Hillary Clinton Reminds Us That She's Part of the Problem
What Hillary Clinton Gets (and Bernie Sanders Doesnt) About Wall Street
Bernie Sanders needs to get up to speed on Mid-East foreign policy.
New Hillary Clinton Emails Show She Wanted Credit for Libya Intervention in 2011. Now She Doesnt.
That one sentence response to those who are trying to blame refugees tonight...
Rocky Anderson - "Bernie Sanders the real deal" YouTube
Eating Less Meat Could Save up to $31 Trillion (and Many Lives)
Bernie Sanders Flips Off Black Voters On His Way Out the Door
Green Party's Jill Stein on the Feminist Case Against Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton will be elected president today
Clinton has a new weapon against Trump: Elizabeth Warren: The strategy shows a new level of coordination among Democrats in the general-election fight against Donald Trump.
Michael Moore Defends Support For Hillary Clinton
Donny, you're out of your element: the 2016 election in 15 Big Lebowski quotes
The top 5 education innovations needed to keep up in a new economy
How the Clinton-Trump Race Got Close
Hillary Clinton has a plan to fight poverty
How the U.S. Government Has Used 9/11 to Criminalize People of Color
MSNBC Absurdly Fact-Checks Hillary's "Basket of Deplorables" Comment About Trump's Racist Supporters
Hillary Clinton: I regret using half when talking about Trumps basket of deplorables
Be afraid: Trump may have bought the Fourth Estate
A clearer view of Hillary Clinton in 3,721 pages
So Canova and the Grayson's are getting wiped out in Florida.
Analysis: Clinton lucks out with Jill Stein on her left
Where the Green Party's Jill Stein stands on jobs, taxes and more
Bill Clinton in Vegas: Hillary's email server 'a mistake'
There's Plenty Of Time For Trump Or Clinton To Become Likable Enough
Debate between Jill Stein and Gary Johnson
"Financial expert and former [United States
Hillary Clinton to Latinos at LULAC: 'You make our nation stronger, smarter, more creative'
Bernie Sanders Endorses Hillary Clinton for President
Hillary Clinton's rise earns place of honor in birthplace of US women's suffrage | US news
The post-Brexit ugliness of the left
All That Glitters is Feardom: Whatever Happens, Dont Blame Jill Stein
The Subtle Force of Tom Perez: Hillary Clinton's Possible Vice Presidential Pick
Can the Sanders Campaign Build a Progressive Alternative to the US Establishment?
What Can Europes Far Right Tell Us About Trumps Rise?
The Progressive Case for Hillary Clintons Incrementalism
The enduring whiteness of the American media
Trump's campaign dwarfed by Clinton's
Passion of Bernie Sanders and his supporters turns against Democrats
Zimmerman to auction gun that killed Trayvon Martin, might use cash against Clinton
Vice President Joe Biden 'Confident' Hillary Clinton Will Be Democratic Nominee
More Than A Protest Candidate: Sanders Can Still Win
Paul Krugman Is Proof That To Be Successful Even As An Objective Academic You Must Serve The One Percent
Black Lives Matter Says Bill Clinton Is Proving Their Point On Politics
The Great Divide in the Democratic Primary
Sanders Movement will evaporate with him. - Chris Hedges
Get Off My Lawn, Bernie Kids! Why Im Voting for Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton Mocks Obama's Hope
Trump and Clinton: Censoring the Unpalatable
Hillary Clintons Indefensible Stance on the Death Penalty
Bernie Sanders Is Right to Trash the Ex-Im Bank
Glenn Beck's Ideal Presidential Ticket Is Embarrassing
Hillary Clinton: Outsourcer-in-Chief
Clinton should prepare to fight dirty against Trump
Black Lives Matter Activist: White House Meeting a Sham
NYT Rounds Up Left-Leaning Economists for a Unicorn Hunt
Supreme Court thrusts electability back into 2016 presidential race
The Movement Has Found Its Leader: Bernie Sanders
Hillary Clinton finally found her argument against Bernie Sanders
Racism can only be done by white people?
American attitudes toward animals are shifting
Does Bernie Sanders actually want to be president?
Former Attorney General Eric Holder took a veiled shot at Bernie Sanders Sunday, urging worshipers at Mother Emanuel AME Church in Charleston to hold politicians who have stood against gun reform accountable at the ballot box.
Sanders gets a look at Clintons South Carolina firewall
Biden praises Bernie Sanders' record on guns and inequality, says he never thought Hillary Clinton was 'prohibitive favorite'
Sanders' Cause is coming to town
Bernie Sanders defines democratic socialism.
Obama Touts U.S. Strikes on ISIL, But Can Military Escalation Make Up for Failed Strategy?
Join The Progressive Green Party On /r/ModelUSGov!
Hillary Clinton's Ghosts: A Legacy of Pushing the Democratic Party to the Right
Behind the Clinton campaign: Dark money allies
Ted Cruz has always had a master plan. Now it could win him the White House.
Jamar Clark Protests: 5 Shot Near Black Lives Matter Encampment
Why Bernie Sanders is calling Hillary Clinton out on paid family leave
Retired USDA Inspectors Share Concerns About HIMP Project
Clinton's Corruption Problem and Saturday's Debate
President Obama Is Not My Ally
Liberalism = Conservatism + Time: What Hillary Clinton, Antonin Scalia, and a reactionary 19th century judge have in common.
Six better reasons not to eat pork
Guns, motor vehicles and U.S. deaths, the trend lines | Hillary Clinton said about 90 Americans fall to guns every day. MOSTLY TRUE. Then a reader said whoa, what about motor vehicles? A reporter dug in.
Debunked: The Myth That Ralph Nader Cost Al Gore the 2000 Election
I Miss Barack Obama
More Than Half of Americans Would Date Someone Who Cant Read over a Trump Supporter
Trump, Putin or Duterte: Can you pick which politician said what?
Jill Steins fairy-tale candidacy
Why Hillary Clinton wouldnt be a foreign policy hawk as president
Bernie Ain't Done, and Neither Are We!
What Hillary Clinton Really Represents (2016) A documentary exploring Hillary's corporate donations and her history of racist tactics.
Donald Trump: Make America Hate Again (Documentary)
Sorry, Dreamers: Its Time to Say Goodbye to Bernie Sanders
Bernie Sanders gave a disastrous performance on foreign policy. I'm still not writing him off. - Vox
The Clintons sordid race game: No one will say it, but the Clintons rise was premised on repudiating black voters
Sanders Seen As Strongest Candidate As He Crushes Trump In The Polls
As reckless as George W. Bush: Hillary Clinton helped create disorder in Iraq, Libya, Syria  and, scarier, doesnt seem to understand how
Whats Wrong With Hillary? The GOP is fretting about Trump, but the Democrats likely standard-bearer could do just as much damage to her own party
Hillary's Pneumonia: The Media's Lowest Moment
Emma Watson Was Told Not To Say 'Feminism' In A Speech. She Did Anyway.
Bernie Sanders Warns of the Danger of a Third-Party Vote
Progressive group switches endorsement to Clinton: Democracy for America, a major progressive group that had backed Bernie Sanders in the Democratic presidential primary, endorsed Hillary Clinton for president on Tuesday.
You Want A Revolution? Then Help Out the Sanders' Delegates and Other Activists Behind The People's Convention in Philly, July 23rd
Left-Leaning Economists Question Cost of Bernie Sanderss Plans
There Is No Sound Logic Behind 'Protest Voting'
Mike Pence refuses to say that former KKK leader David Duke is deplorable: Well, at least Duke didnt use a private email server or something terrible like that
Few (If Any) Progressives on Clinton's Transition Team
Trump's Support Isn't REALLY About Hard Times for the Middle Class. It's About Racism.
The Truth Behind the Democratic Platform Debate: Accusations that the Clinton campaign isnt serious about climate change are absurd.
Bernie Has It Backward: Hell Have More Leverage if He Endorses Clinton
Why Elizabeth Warren Is Backing Hillary Clinton
Guaranteed Income for All? Switzerlands Voters Say No Thanks: A proposal to give each adult the equivalent of about $2,560, regardless of employment status, was rejected 77 percent to 23 percent.
When Hillary Clinton Killed Feminism
Clinton in Nevada: Not everything is about an economic theory
Supporters of Hillary Clinton on Saturday pounced on a newly unearthed resolution signed by Bernard Sanders in 1982 affirming marriage is between husband and wife, asserting the document undercuts the notion hes been a longtime supporter of same-sex marriage.
 Why Im Supporting Hillary Clinton, With Joy and Without Apologies
Why Are Progressives Asking Poor Families to Subsidize Wall Street and the Richest Americans
Jill Stein's VP choice thinks Bernie Sanders is a capitalist-imperalist
Kaepernick didnt bring politics into sports. The NFL did that by playing the anthem.
Obama Demolishes Trump, Endorses Hillary
Hillary is Wall Street's preferred candidate over Trump
Don't forget, you have to vote to STOP Trump
Is Hillary Clinton More Liberal Than Barack Obama? -- Joseph Stiglitz says yes.
Jill Stein anti vaccine message -- be aware progressives
Bernie Sanders Nominates Hillary Clinton for President
Hillary Clinton Says Shes Weighing Medicare for 50-Year-Olds
Hillary Clinton Never Came Close to Compromising National Security
Sanders confirms endorsement chatter
Liberal Elites Hate the Left
Bernie Sanders Is Personally Calling Democrats To Reassure Them On Party Unity: Behind the scenes, Sen. Bernie Sanders is delivering a different personal message to Democrats than some of his campaign's public statements.
An Illustrated History of Donald Trumps Hair. Warning! Dont Read Before Lunch! Photos
Im the Last Thing Standing Between You and the Apocalypse | Inside the final weeks of Hillary Clintons cautious  and surprisingly risky  campaign.
These Policies Could Move America Toward a Universal Basic Income
9/11 Tapes Reveal Raw And Emotional Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton's Email Statements: More than a short circuit
Jill Stein and Donald Trump are both linked to a dangerous anti-vaccine myth that just wont die
Jill Stein discussing danger of Wi-Fi signals on children's brains.
How The Bernie Protesters Are Undermining Their Own Movement
Bernie Sanders Set to Endorse Hillary Clinton at New Hampshire Rally
Who gives money to Bernie Sanders? -- Our analysis of nearly 7 million donations offers unprecedented detail about the army that's funded his insurgent campaign.
Hillary Clinton Versus Bernie Sanders: Taking Election Fraud Allegations Seriously (Part 1)
Bill Clinton Blames Millennials For Anger, Economy, Congress
Hillary Clinton Praised Corrupt Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff For Her Transparency: In 2012, Clinton said soon-to-be-impeached Rousseff was the global standard for transparency.
Stan Bush [Reporter for KCNC-TV, CBS4 Denver
How Hillary Clinton Militarized US Policy in Honduras
Sandy Hook family member to Bernie Sanders: 'Shame on you'
Clinton email probe enters new phase as FBI interviews loom
Hillary Clinton wins big, and all these male pundits can talk about is her voice
Bernie Sanderss most vitriolic supporters really test the meaning of the word progressive
How Secretary of State Clinton Enabled the Coup in Honduras
Why the Congressional Black Caucus endorsement of Hillary Clinton is a really big deal
Hillary Clinton is at her best when she's counted out, campaigning her heart out
Clinton Campaign warns Sanders Against 'Bernie Bros' Attacks
Hillary Clintons historical problem with honesty
Cecile Richards: With Hillary Clinton, No Better Chance Than Now for Womens Health
Debate reinforces Sanders is the Wrong Choice for Democrats Today
The Neo-Con Brain Is Ruled By One Thing - "So it turns out that Liberals and Conservatives are different in more ways than just our ideology. We actually have very different brains. And according to scientists the neo-Con brain is ruled primarily by one thing - fear."
Four Questions Bernie Sanders Needs to Answer
Killer Mike Introduces Bernie Sanders in Atlanta
Im a Bernie Sanders voter who will not support Hillary Clinton: Here are 10 reasons why
The APs Big Expos On Hillary Meeting With Clinton Foundation Donors Is A Mess
Julian Assange, Donald Trump, and Vladimir Putin: A Troika for Our Insane Era: In a bizarre mind-meld that could only happen today, the WikiLeaks founder is refusing to say whether he got the hacked DNC emails from Russia, and Trump is defending Putin.
Rapper Killer Mike faces flak for uterus comment at Sanders rally
Hillary Clinton Told the Truth About Her Iraq War Vote: Her foreign policy judgment cant be understood without that context.
Sign up for this Donald Trump event and don't go: "Tickets are free, and you can reserve up to two. Therefore, if youre reading this, I encourage you to sign up for tickets! And then don't go."
More like Reagan than FDR: Im a millennial and Ill never vote for Hillary Clinton
Clinton gives nod to Sanders with 65% top estate tax rate
Hillary has nothing to brag about: Her foreign policy record is a disaster
Clinton surges to 15-point national lead in McClatchy-Marist poll
How Russia Dominates Your Twitter Feed To Promote Lies (And, Trump, Too): Fake News Stories From Kremlin Propagandists Regularly Become Social Media Trends. Heres How Moscow Does It And What It Means For Americas Election 2016.
The whole reason for having an independent third party that cannot be silenced is there are 25 percent of Bernies voters who are not going into that dark night to vote for the No. 1 cheerleader for Wal-Mart, for Wall Street, for an endless war, Stein said
Fighting Hillary is How Progressives Win - Councilwoman Kshama Sawant
Here are 4 reasons why progressives should fear Trumps love of Putin
Look Whos Back: How a German Comedy About Hitler Predicted Donald Trump | IndieWire
U.S. election: Hillary Clinton's historic moment
Establishment Democrats Fight to Defeat Medicare-for-All Ballot Measure in Colorado
Astrid Silva: I stand with Hillary because she stands with immigrant families
Clintons lead is evaporating, and anxious Democrats see 2008 all over again
End the Gun Epidemic in America | "It is a moral outrage and national disgrace that civilians can legally purchase weapons designed to kill people with brutal speed and efficiency."
New National Poll Shows Sanders Surge and Clinton Decline
Academia, Love Me Back | "On the second page the professor circled the word hence and wrote in between the typed lines This is not your word. The word not was underlined. Twice. My professor assumed someone like me would never use language like that."
How the Internet Normalized Donald Trump and Impacted American Politics
Katy Tur And Joy Reid Tear Apart Trump Surrogate Jack Kingston
President Barack Obama "has taken less vacation days than any other president in a generation," while Congress "has taken more vacation days than any other Congress in history."  Occupy Democrats on Saturday, August 20th, 2016 in a posting on Facebook
Is the National Anthem Racist? Beyond the Debate Over Colin Kaepernick. -- The quarterbacks refusal to stand during the playing of The Star-Spangled Banner raises the issue. A musicologist says no.
The lesser of two evils
Jill Stein marks three months since gorilla Harambes death
Anti-Semitizing pro-Palestinian activism comes at a price: this increasingly common reflex has adverse effects that greatly outweigh its short-term benefit
The "New" Progressive Left
Michael Moore self-sabatoging campaign
Ex-CIA Director Who Endorsed Clinton Calls for Killing Iranians and Russians in Syria
The Daily 202: Why is progressive frustration with Hillary Clinton not boosting the Green Party?
Cory Booker's DNC speech spawns swoons, marriage proposals
Against Neo-McCarthyism: In their eagerness to defeat Trump, liberal pundits are reviving a damaging discourse
The DNC Is Playing Chicken With Progressives
How Bernie Sanders missed his moment
House Democrats Electrify Gun Debate | Rachel Maddow | MSNBC
Jesse Kremer (R-WI): "Our country has been torn apart by President Obama's divisive racism, hatred of Christianity and lambasting of the military and law enforcement. This terrible belief system has obviously crept into our own statehouse."
Dr Jill Stein | Full Talk and Q&A | Oxford Union
AP count: Clinton has delegates to win Democratic nomination
Bombshell: Clinton aide claims that if Bernie wins California he wins the nomination
The inevitable crucifixion of Sen. Elizabeth A. Warren  former progressive savior
The universal basic income is a bad idea whose time will never come
Hillary Clinton, the surprise populist: Column
Hillary Clinton gets booed for flip-flopping, question-dodging
Brynjolfsson and McAfee: The jobs that AI can't replace
The Amsterdam News endorses Hillary Clinton for president
Hillary Supporters: I want to know why
My Fellow Humans of America -- We MUST Elect Bernie Sanders: Here are 6 reasons why
Sanders' Economic Plan Torn Apart By Former Clinton, Obama Economists
Bernie Sanders Vows to Protect Organic Farming, Calls Out Monsanto As Presidential Campaign Heats Up
Liberals Are Heading Down the Path of Fox News. It's Time to Knock It Off.
Why Henry Kissinger Matters in 2016 and Why Bernie is Right to Question Hillary on Embracing Him
Sanders could turn Clintons supposed leadership against her and define her as being out of touch with the Democratic Partys redefined foreign affairs legacy.
Hillary Fight Song...Creative Hillary Support makes a video that's better than the pro's
Hillary Clinton Doing Finance Industry Fundraiser Just Before Iowa, hosted by a Wall Street firm that invests in fracking
Bernie Sanders Struggles to Champion Women like Hillary Clinton
Bernie Sanders calls Planned Parenthood part of the political establishment.
The Case Against Bernie Sanders -- NYMag
President Bernie Sanders: How the Impossible Became the Inevitable
Sanders bests Clinton in new early state polls
Help me win Christmas dinner
Making collective Muslim guilt palatable to liberals
Protests highlight the racism behind Minnesota nice
In NYC Afro-Latinos and Queer Youth Protest Minneapolis Terror
Since Republicans refuse to act on gun violence, the president should. U.S. Rep. Mike Thompson (CA-5), Chair of the House Gun Violence Prevention Task Force, recently sent a letter (below) signed by 114 of his colleagues calling on the White House to take action to reduce gun violence.
Why Bernie Sanders isn't a Democrat
Hating Hillary: The One Thing Left and Right Men Can Agree On
The American People Agree With Clinton: Trump Is A Bigot. This New Poll Confirms It.
Poll: Nearly half of voters think Trump will detonate a nuke
Sam Harris Thinks Ben Carson Understands the Middle East Better Than Noam Chomsky
Dr. Jill Stein Owes Her Supporters Some Truth: She Won't Win
Bernie Sanders to campaign for Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire
Hillary Clinton FULL Speech DNC Convention - July 28, 2016
Obama Is Eager to Hit the Stump for Hillary Clinton and Shred Donald Trump
Establishment Democrats Courting Disaster
Bernie Sanders goes negative with Goldman Sachs, Iraq jabs
PSA: Its really, really sexist to blame Hillary Clinton for Bills infidelity
Does Donald Trump have dementia?
Hillary Clinton is gaining momentumand shes seizing the moment to make her agenda even more progressive
Voting Third Party is the Electoral Equivalent of Sending Thoughts and Prayers
DNCs Apocalypse Now: Bernie Supporters are Mad as Hell and They Should Be
I Wrote That I Despised Hillary Clinton. Today, I Want To Publicly Take It Back.
The myth of Gary Johnson: Hes attracting a lot of support from Millennials. But why?
Spare Me The Phony Outrage Over Clintons Basket Of Deplorables Remark
Sanders: 'My Job' Is to Make Sure Clinton Is Elected President
Hillary Clinton is 'nasty, but I can be nastier,' Trump says [ Yep, That's Why You're Unqualified. 
Video: Obama endorses Hillary and thanks Bernie for a great campaign and a positive, influential message
How a Trump Presidency Would Unleash Racist ViolenceAnd Devastate the Left
Texas has highest maternal mortality rate in developed world, study finds -- As the Republican-led state legislature has slashed funding to reproductive healthcare clinics, the maternal mortality rate doubled over just a two-year period.
'Bipartisan Fraud': Debate Rules Shut Out Third-Party Candidates
How Clinton Emails Became The New Whitewater: A Scandal In Search of A Crime
Whats a Class Revolution Without Black People? -- The gaping hole among Bernie holdouts and Jill Steins supporters tells you a lot about their movement.
QU Poll: Hate is winning; Americans disapprove of both Clinton and Trump
Clinton Broke Federal Rules With Email Server, Audit Finds
How corporate America bought Hillary Clinton for $21M. "A look at Mrs. Clintons speaking venues and the whopping sums shes received since she left State gives us an indication whos desperate for a place at the trough  and whom another Clinton administration might favor..."
No Full Tax Returns Yet from Bernie Sanders? Yes, it Looks like Bernie and Jane are Hiding Something
Donald Trump has revealed an alarming lack of policy knowledge. So has Bernie Sanders.
Grassroots revolt against Hillary: Occupy activists launch Battle of New York to fight Clinton machine, anti-Sanders bias in belly of beast
Why Bernie Sanders will be irritating Hillary Clinton right up until July
The Bernie Bro smear must go: #BernieMadeMeWhite claps back at idiotic primary meme
Women who lost children to violence form powerful Hillary Clinton coalition
A Vote for Bernie Is a Feminist Act Why the younger generation of women are right.
Bernie arrested in 1963 while chapter president of the Congress for Racial Equality
Paul Krugmans dead wrong about Bernie: Why Sanders track record proves hes not just about happy dreams
What is the proof that racism actually exists?
Hillary Clinton Has Won Iowa Caucuses, Associated Press Says
The War on Bernie Sanders: The Democratic Party elite has launched a virtually unprecedented attack against Bernie Sanders.
Bernie Sanders Won the Debate, Defeated the DNC, and Became the Real Democratic Front Runner
Bernie Sanders' Campaign Raises $1 Million in 1 Day During Fight With DNC
Bernie Sanders: Hillary Clinton's pursuit of 'regime change' in Libya helped rise of Isis
Is r/progressive taking the right path where we only see articles against the loony side of right?
Feinstein breaks with Obama: 'ISIL is not contained'
Paris Terror Attacks Will Trigger Weekend-Long Republican War-gasms
Longtime Bernie Sanders supporter Tulsi Gabbard endorses Hillary Clinton for President
Stand Up to Big Pharma Greed. Vote Yes on Proposition 61
Why Does The Government Continue to Lie About Social Security?
Green bonds take root in the U.S. municipal bond market
Why Jim Chanos is thoroughly unimpressed by Tesla [ Look for Tesla at a Bargain 
NRA: Poll Shows Americans Fear Government Corruption and Gun Control Over Mass Shootings
Getting Rid Of Globalization Wouldn't Stop Inequality
Curt Schilling says hes serious about running against Elizabeth Warren - The Boston Globe
Who Will Save Us From America?
Donald Trump Deposition: Part 1
Advice She Didn't Ask For | Full Frontal with Samantha Bee | TBS
Watching the Presidential Debate...
TRUMP'S WACKO 2 Sided Janet Yellen Conspiracy Theory FAIL.
Trump / Clinton Major Debate Points.
Government investigators were expected to visit Yellowstone National Park to look into an employee's claims of sexual exploitation of female workers and financial misconduct
In a world in which everyday sexism remains rife, progress on gender discrimination will require quotas
The "new liberal economics" is the key to understanding Hillary Clinton's policies
Hillary Clinton's Iron Will
Deplorables': Can The Media Ever Get It Right?
Using a Rat Balloon to Protest Labor Abuse - The Atlantic
The Clinton Foundation and the Merchants of Doubt
The RT Election: The American far-left and hard-right, supported by Moscows media, have coalesced on a Kremlin-friendly platform
Election Update: As The Race Tightens, Dont Assume The Electoral College Will Save Clinton
Deportations Under Obama Could Hit 10-Year Low
The Berniecrats Network :: Candidates for public office who support Bernie
Thoughts on Black Lives Matter?
Why The Alt-Right Is Coming Out Of Online Chat Rooms To Support Trump
Using American Power Prudently
'The 2016 Hutchins Forum: "Race & The Race To The White House" - 18 August 2016 - Summary and Closing Remarks - Lawrence D. Bobo, Ph. D. - W. E. B. Du Bois Professor of the Social Sciences, Harvard University
Donald Trump is a "Messenger" of Division, Violence and Hate
Trump 2.0 Uses a Teleprompter, and He Regrets  Something
Trumps good political timing: Younger Americans are shunning democracy
Anti-science claims dog Green Party's Jill Stein
Which Presidential Candidate Would Be More Favorable For Building an Independent Movement?
Obama Administration Forced To Release Drone Kill List "Playbook"
A Small Occupation With a Large Goal: 'Abolish the NYPD'
The Minimum Wage: How Much Is Too Much? - Alan Krueger
Genetically Engineered Crops Are Part and Parcel of the Decline of Rural Communities
Inside Story - How Powerful Is The Bilderberg Group?
'The gun didn't kill my boy. I did': Father grieves son he accidentally shot
Brexit is a Rejection of Globalisation | Business
Belgium: Nigel Farage speaks to the European Parliament - FULL SPEECH
Government Investment and Opportunity for All
Should robots pay taxes?
Leading Antiwar Progressives Speak Favorably of Aspects of Trumps Foreign Policy
"You may say you oppose fascism, but you are creating the conditions under which it flourishes. This is true of Cameron, Blair, Thatcher, both Clintons, both Bushs, Reagan, and every politician who supports or supported neoliberal policies."
Democratic Candidate Violently Arrested at Trump Rally
Why Hillary Clinton Benefits From a Genuine Convention Debate: Facing a barrage of well-meaning advice from Democrats panicked about Trump, Clinton needs a shift back to issues.
Progressives Challenge: Keeping Sanderss Fire Berning After Primary
Not Even Nate Silver Got Donald Trump Right
Too much globalisation can be taxing
Abby Martin on Hillary Clintons Hunger for Endless Wars
Bernies win tonight in West Virginia!!
It's Not About Sentencing. Police Need to Make More Arrests.
Donald Trump mistakenly refers to 9/11 as 7/11 in speech gaffe during Buffalo rally
Reddit Has Sort Of Become a Pro-Donald Trump Wasteland
Obamas Gift to Donald Trump: A Policy of Cracking Down on Journalists and Their Sources
It's his spin on "negging," a concept popularized by men who style themselves as "pick-up artists" to attract women by subtly insulting them. The online scene behind it, predictably, is a wasteland of misogyny.
Crazy About Money.
When Work Disappears
Obama Wants Democratic Donors To Line Up Behind Hillary
Whoopi Goldberg literally just said on "The View" when bragging about Hillary being able to shake anything "they asked Hillary about murdering Vince Foster"
Ohio, Kasich was on Lehman Bros board of directors ...the fraudulent failed wall street firm that literally helped finance the closure of US factories and their moves to Mexico and China. Kasich is wall street and he is there to spoil Trump from stopping job exports by wall street.
Free Trade: The Elites Are Selling It But The Public Is No Longer Buying
more than 100,000 mourning a murderer. any christians mourning a murderer?
Hillary Goes to War
Hillary Clinton has won the Democratic presidential primary in South Carolina. She won the overwhelming support of black voters on her way to a commanding victory over Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders.
Progressives with guns: yoga, ammo and LGBT rights  video | World news
We Need to Talk About Hillary
What are your thoughts on this? Caitlyn Jenner: I Get More Flak For Being Conservative Than Being Transgender
Robert Scheer: How the Democrats Killed Roosevelts Dream of the Affordable Home - Book Excerpt
Feasibility of creating a website that keeps a scorecard of all the wrongdoings of each person of note?
Ta-Nehisi Coates: The Ideal Presidential Candidate Would Have "Greater Acknowledgment of History"
The Democratic Primary miracle: Why Sanders vs. Clinton is just the beginning
Bernie Sanders Made The Only Attack On Donald Trump That Actually Worked
If You Don't Want Cruz or Trump as the Nominee, You Better Get on Board With Rubio
Bernie Sanderss Radical Environmental Proposal: Hillary Clinton keeps adopting his positions, but not this one. ("He wants to ban hydraulic fracturing outright. Clinton and OMalley have proposed lesser measures, and show no sign of going further.")
New Hampshire voters deserve one more debate
Carly Fiorina: Unlike Clinton, "I actually love spending time with my husband"
Did Joe Biden just endorse Bernie Sanders?
Even in Californias Progressive Paradise, Gov. Brown Understands Dangers of Minimum Wage Hikes; Warns $15-an-hour jump would wreck state budgeting
Bernienomics 101
A New Opportunity in 2016 | Bernie Sanders
This Is Not Bernie Sanders' Revolution
Kenny Rogers on Donald Trump: "I love what he says, I have to admit"
Tim Kaine, possible Hillary Clinton running mate, is madder than ever Congress hasnt declared war on ISIS
Don't Forget to Vote in the DFA Endorsement Poll
Donald Trump: Ban all Muslim travel to U.S.
Marco Rubio: Liberals talk about gun control after CA attack but no one is talking about bomb control
Meat tax far less unpalatable than government thinks, research finds
A lively and informative Democratic debate
The Real Divide Between Sanders and Clinton
Whos really demanding to be coddled on campus? Yale students arent the spoiled brats for refusing to be racially trolled on Halloween
How to write an article about political correctness run amok
Bernie Sanders' Plan to Close Private Prisons Is a Distraction, not an Answer
The GOP is dead... Maybe someone should tell them that. Washington Post: "From coast to coast, conservatives score huge victories in off-year elections"
Sanders to deliver keynote address to Southern Region of National Federation of Democratic Women
Libertarian Socialism Is Not An Oxymoron
She sounds like Netanyahu: Hillary Clinton goes extra hawkish in her biased, die-hard pro-Israel AIPAC speech
Hillary Clinton Is Proposing A Policy To Tackle Deep Poverty
Leaked Emails Show DNC Planned To Reward Big Donors With Federal Appointments
The Democrats have no soul: The Clintons, neoliberalism, and how the peoples party lost its way
While Wooing Republicans, Clinton Sticks to Progressive Policy
Being a plutocrat has its advantages. Just ask Peter Thiel, the billionaire founder of PayPal, who apparently used a sliver of his vast fortune to fund a lawsuit aimed at destroying digital media pioneer Gawker Media.
Clinton Vaults to a Double-Digit Lead, Boosted by Broad Disapproval of Trump (Poll)
Trump's Many Business Failures, Explained
John Pilger: Why Hillary Clinton Is More Dangerous Than Donald Trump - New Matilda
Michelle Obama's Speech for the Ages
#Demexit: US Democrats Reject Clinton, Switch to Stein
Trump: Elizabeth Warren is 'very racist'
Hillary Clinton questions why Donald Trump isn't releasing his tax returns
Clinton admits role in Honduran coup aftermath: embrace of far-right narrative on Latin America is part of electoral strategy
Forming a Progressive Party
How can you vote for someone as anti science as Bernie Sanders?
By a substantial margin, Sanders has interrupted others at the debates more than any other democrat. Waving his finger in their faces while he does it doesn't help.
Clinton donors say Sanders is raising more than the front-runner
Hillary Clinton Should Stand With Bernie As He Stood With Her
As American Education Collapses, Democracys Foundation Shakes: They know nothing about art. They know nothing about history. They know nothing about philosophy.
Hillary supporters take down Bernie FB pages in coordinated porn attack
Gates Foundation is spearheading the neoliberal plunder of African agriculture
Yes, Philando Castile Was Killed for the Color of His Skin: We cant talk about police brutality without talking about white supremacy.
Jill Stein pens open letter to Bernie: Green Party presidential candidate invites Sanders to cooperate on political revolution
Be nice to Hillary Clinton online  or risk a confrontation with her super PAC
Gary Johnson is Worse than Donald Trump
No longer pretending to be objective, NYT turns 3rd debate into The Hillary Clinton Show
12 Ways Gary Johnson Is a Hardcore Right-Wing Radical
Sanders Camp Flirts with Going Full "Burn It Down"
TIL that the top 10 lowest income counties in the US are all represented by republican congressmen
The Reviews Are In: Conservatives Say The DNC Was 'Disaster' For The GOP
Joe Biden endorses Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton Gets Gored: Will innuendo in the presidential race bring on apocalypse?
Bernie Sanders Refuses to Concede Nomination to Hillary Clinton
Green Party Candidate Dr. Jill Stein Says, "Bernie and I Need to Talk"
Powerful Politician Argues White Privilege Doesn't Exist, Accidentally Demonstrates White Privilege
Inside Trump's 'cyborg' Twitter army. Could automated online propaganda sway the election?
How Does the Minimum Wage Work?
Economic mobility and racial inequities: How the next president can revive the American dream
Poll: Faso, Teachout in virtual dead heat
F***ing Politics, How Does It Work?
Ta-Nehisi Coates On Trump's "Deplorables" | All In | MSNBC
Let Me In - We Are Here [Re-Framing the Refugee Crisis
Clinton, Trump prepping for debates showdown
Freethinkers and Libertarianism (Book Excerpt from Fighting Back the Right)
What Does Bernie Sanders Think Of Third Parties?
One Democratic Convention Speech Nailed The Progressive Vision
3 officers killed; 3 injured in Baton Rouge
Bull Market Blues
What Do 'Black-on-Black Crime' and the 'Ferguson Effect' Have To Do With Police Violence?
Obama Fracking Rules Are Struck Down by Court: A federal judge in Wyoming said the Interior Department had overreached when it issued new rules for hydraulic fracturing on government-owned lands.
Trump's own bankruptcy lawyers say he lies so much they could only meet with him in pairs
White armed occupiers were acquitted. Native American activists were tear gassed
The Kansas Experiment Continues Collapse: Revenue Off By Nearly $45M. Pay Attention, America.
Amy Goodman Is Facing Prison for Reporting on the Dakota Access Pipeline. That Should Scare Us All
That time Trump called for the EXECUTION OF PRISONERS WITH BULLETS DIPPED IN PIG BLOOD. On film. This has been forgotten, but let's bring it back up. We cannot let this man be normalized.
More Than Half of Americans Would Date Someone Who Cant Read over a Trump Supporter
Americans dont know crime has plummeted. In fact, they think its gone up.
North Carolina Republicans Just Admitted They've Been Illegally Hiding Ballots
The real vote rigging: Republicans make it harder for millions to vote in 2016 election
GOP will block Supreme Court nominees for Clinton, too: "I promise you that we will be united against any Supreme Court nominee that Hillary Clinton, if she were president, would put up," McCain said.
Trump is lying, plain and simple, about his wealth. He knows that people could reverse engineer his tax returns and show the financial facade he has built. That's why he hides his tax returns. There's no evidence Trump is a billionaire, much less worth more than 10 billion.
Bernie Sanders taps his donor network to raise nearly $2 million in two days for House, Senate contenders
Cruz: We May Block Supreme Court Forever
Obama To GOP: 'Don't Act Like This Started With Donald Trump'
Gary Johnson Has Been A Champion Of Private Prisons Throughout His Career
Donald Trump Called Deaf 'Apprentice' Marlee Matlin 'Retarded'
Don't attack lawyers who defend criminals
Rush Limbaugh's Own Fans Turn On Him When He Fails To Understand Basic Science
More Trump tapes surface with crude sex remarks
Mike Pence repeatedly denies Trump statements during VP debate
Trump recorded having extremely lewd conversation about women in 2005
A million Ohio voters didn't get absentee ballot mailing
In acquitting the Oregon militants, a white jury determines that the law doesnt apply to white protesters
Trump's Tax Plan: A Million-Dollar Giveaway to the 0.1%
Trump took $17 million for hurricane damage that staff, officials do not recall
Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio officially charged with criminal contempt
Was a Trump Server Communicating With Russia? This spring, a group of computer scientists set out to determine whether hackers were interfering with the Trump campaign. They found something they werent expecting.
Trump supporter tells CBS: He will make America great again like it was before the homosexuals
White House urges ban on non-compete agreements for many workers
Ryan calls off plans to campaign with Trump; GOP-ers rush to distance themselves
Sanders Is Prepared To Be A Liberal Thorn In Clintons Side
Al Gore: 'Consider me exhibit A' for why each vote matters
Whoops: Pro-Donald Trump super PAC publishes donor credit card numbers
The Planned Parenthood Shooting Survivors Finally Speak Out: The workers who survived the 2015 shooting can't tell you their names - but they want you to know their story.
America Deserves an Apology from the Republican Party for Giving Us Trump
Anderson Cooper asked Donald Trump 4 times about his sexual assault bragging. Trump kept dodging.
Donald Trump's companies destroyed or hid documents in defiance of court orders
Supreme Court Hears Death Penalty Case Where Texas Argued Being Black = More Violent
Whatever Is Actually In Trumps Tax Returns Is Worse Than What The New York Times Says
Armed Trump Supporter Stands Outside Democrat's Office For 12 Hours
How Stronger Unions Could Fix Our Economy  And Our Politics
Sheriff Joe Arpaio may finally go to jail because of racial profiling practices
When Donald Trump gets in a hole, he just keeps digging. And digging. And digging.
Tic Tac Denounces Donald Trump
Emmett Till memorial in Mississippi is now pierced by bullet holes
Donald Trump rants about tax returns bombshell on Twitter but doesn't deny anything
A Flint resident is asking for a grand jury investigation of Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder's decision to use at least $2 million in state funds for his legal representation related to criminal probes of the city's water crisis
10 People Who Say Trump Has Cheated Them Out of Money
Fox News O'Reilly Segment 'Watters' World' Utterly Racist Chinatown Edition
Trump Jr. Suggested Women Who Can't Take Harassment "Don't Belong In The Workforce"
I Went to a Trump Rally Expecting Violence, What I Found Was Quiet Desperation
Trump continues to blast Central Park Five long after they were exonerated: 'They admitted they were guilty'
Illinois suspends business with Wells Fargo
Trump's breathtaking repudiation of American democracy
Trump Camp Will Fake Exit Polls, Possibly to Intimidate Voters and Lay Groundwork for Post-Election Shenanigans
Trump No Longer Really Running for President. The Donalds real political goal is to make it impossible for Hillary Clinton to govern.
McCain Literally Flees Reporter Asking About His Controversial Remarks
Trump Seems To Question, Yet Again, Whether Obama Is A Legitimate President
Nevada elections chief refuses to accommodate Native Americans who have to drive 200 miles to vote
New polling shows Democrats really could take back the House, so we're making more endorsements
Nate Silver Explains Just How Bad Donald Trump's Night Actually Was
Barely Anyone Came to Curt Schillings Trump Rally at Boston City Hall.
A 90-Year-Old Woman Whos Voted Since 1948 Was Disenfranchised by Wisconsins Voter-ID Law
Trump Loyalists Planned Voter Intimidation Using Fake ID Badges, Fake Exit Polling -- Until HuffPost Asked Them About It
Gerrymandering could cost Democrats the House in 2016. Why? Because it probably did in 2012
Indiana officials are trying to block almost 45,000 black citizens from voting
This Election Is Being Riggedbut Not by Democrats:  The GOPs voter-suppression efforts are the real voter fraud
Study Confirms Network Evening Newscasts Have Abandoned Policy Coverage For 2016 Campaign
Donald Trump Can't Shut Down New York Times Tax-Leak Showing He Lost Nearly $1 Billion In 1995
Sexual assault allegations against Donald Trump: 12 women say he groped, kissed, or assaulted them
Donald Trump Is Going to Tear Everything Down With Him: Sunday's debate shows he has nothing left but anger and a lust for revenge.
Trump Is OK With Calling Ivanka a "Piece of Ass" and Other Horrible Things He Told Howard Stern
Another Trump Son Appears On Program With Ties To White Nationalist
Bernie Sanders Makes a Powerful Case for Continuing the RevolutionUnder a Clinton Administration
Chicago Cops Who Broke "Code of Silence" to Report Police Drug Gang Face Deadly Retaliation
"Guns don't kill people, toddlers kill people." "Lock them up." "Deport them." Striking new gun control ad
Republicans work to fool young women about Republican core values.
Report: How privatization increases inequality
The chairman of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe criticized the local and state government response to Dakota Access Pipeline protests Saturday, saying he is considering a class action lawsuit over use of force
Sanders: Despite Clinton's Wall Street speeches, I support Dem platform
RNC In Legal Trouble Over Trump Call For Poll-Watchers, in violation of federal consent decree, | Rachel Maddow | MSNBC
Most Welfare Dollars Don't Go Directly To Poor People Anymore
Over a Third of Trump Supporters Follow White Nationalists on Twitter, Research Finds
Here's what the Electoral College map would look like if only millennials voted
Elizabeth Warrens Power On The Rise
New records suggest Donald Trump misled the public about his income
More questionable footage of Trump's comments on women; In an Entertainment Tonight Christmas feature in 1992, Trump looked at a group of young girls and said he would be dating one of them in ten years. At the time, Trump would have been 46 years old.
Plane crew almost lets man die because they refuse to believe black woman is a doctor. | Workplace
AT&Ts Merger Could Be A Bad Sign For The Economy
Clinton Holds 11-Point National Lead Over Trump: NBC/WSJ Poll
Trumps apology sounds like a rapist saying she asked for it
Don't forget, you have to vote to STOP Trump
The Six Main Reasons Why The Times Tax Story Could Be Devastating For Trump
Woman accuses Donald Trump of groping her at 1998 tennis tournament
Michael Moore Reveals Surprise Donald Trump Film, Opening In New York City Tomorrow!!!
Hillary Clintons 3 Presidential Debate Performances Left The Trump Campaign In Ruins
Two Native American tribes in Nevada have won an emergency court order in a federal lawsuit accusing the Republican secretary of state and two counties of discriminating against them under the Voting Rights Act
The Russian Hack of U.S. Election Systems is About Delegitimizing, Not Changing, the Result, and It Feeds Trump Vote-Rigging Claim
Paul Ryan Attacked Bernie Sanders. It Backfired Spectacularly.
What Mike Pence thinks vs. What Donald Trump says
Sanders: My Emails Would Be Just As Harsh About Clinton
How British anti-racist group infiltrated the Ku Klux Klan: Investigation by Hope Not Hate finds police officers among members of Loyal White Knights, names of expelled race traitors and links to violence
Documentary film-makers face decades in prison for taping oil pipeline protests
Elizabeth Warren Asks Obama To Fire Top Wall Street Regulator For 'Brazen Conduct' [ Yeah, No, We're Not The Same. 
Trump's Tax Records Show He May Have Understated His Salary by Millions to the IRS
DOJ Complaint Filed Against FBI Director James Comey For Interfering In Presidential Election
The Fury and Failure of Donald Trump | "Win, lose or drop out, the Republican nominee has laid waste to the American political system. On the trail for the last gasp of the ugliest campaign in our nation's history"
Sunday's debate was a desperate dive into the political sewer, airing every crazy anti-Clinton conspiracy theory.
Americans are Embracing Bad Government Because They Don't Know History | "How did we get here? Well, Americans' knowledge of history is at an all-time low, so that might have something to do with it."
Trump Supporters Are Already Promising To Intimidate Nonwhite Voters On Election Day
Paul Ryan Booed Offstage In Wisconsin Because He Uninvited Trump
Three men have been charged with plotting to bomb Somali immigrants at an apartment building and mosque in the US state of Kansas
FBI's Comey opposed naming Russians, citing election timing: Source
Blackwater Founder Erik Prince Loves Anti-Iraq War Donald Trump: Trump may brag about how strong his dubious opposition to the Iraq War was, but one of its most famous villains loves him.
More than 20 people have been arrested at a North Dakota construction site while protesting the Dakota Access pipeline
No, George Soros Does NOT Own Voting Machines.
Donald Trump's Pants on Fire claim of 'large scale voter fraud'
Trump throws GOP into chaos
Donald Trump: 'You can do anything' to women when you're famous
Police fatally shot a woman in Austin, Texas, early Sunday after her husband placed a mental health call because he was worried about his wife's behavior
Elizabeth Warren Calls Out Senate Republicans' Hypocrisy On Trump
Mike Pence: Trump is still standing stronger than ever Pence lashed out at the media. Invariably, theyll say, this time we got him. This time we found that theres another tweet come out or something,
First and Foremost, the Wells Fargo Scandal is about Workers
Trump's organization did business with Iranian bank later linked to terrorism
Two Women Say Donald Trump Touched Them Inappropriately
Donald Trump Joins Bill O'Reilly: Unshackled Is Just Another Word For Unhinged
I think r/theDonald is imploding.
Some of the Offensive Things Donald Trump Said on Howard Stern's Show.
A Grave Desecrated, PRIDE Parade Threatened. Racist Attacks. We Must Reject Trump, Soundly.
Nine Native American tribes seek to shorten 200 mile trip to early vote
Republicans Abandon Fox News: Roger Ailes Has Turned GOP Voters from Their Favorite Channel
Judge Rules Pence Cannot Refuse Federal Funds For Syrian Refugees
First grader beaten on school bus for being Muslim | "The parents of the first grader said he was beaten by five students on a school bus, allegedly while they made references to Muslims and the boys Pakistani heritage."
The Election That Mattered: Daley makes the case that if you dont understand what happened in 2010, you dont understand something fundamental about why American politics is the way it is today.
Its Paul Ryan Versus Bernie Sanders, and Sanders Is Winning
Donald Trump Walks Out of Interview After Being Questioned on Racism (Video)
Sen. Elizabeth Warren goes on tirade after Wells Fargo CEO John Stumpf retires
Trump, companies accused of mistreating women in at least 20 lawsuits
The Bottom Could Fall Out For Trump
Hillary Should Not Respect Donald Trump Jr., Who Is a White Nationalist Stooge
Hillary Clinton Won Second Presidential Debate Over Donald Trump, CNN Poll Says
Minorities and immigrants appreciate, in a way the rest of us do not, the magnitude of the danger, that is Donald J. Trump.
Kansas collected $45m less than expected in September, adding to budget shortfall
Trump Says Appointing Anti-Choice Judges Will "Automatically" Overturn Roe v. Wade If He's Elected
Doomsayers Keep Getting It Wrong on Higher Minimum Wages
Unable to control himself, Trump confirms everyone's worst fears
Man Arrested & Punched for Sitting on His Front Porch
80 Evangelical Christian Leaders Denounce 'Morally Unacceptable' Donald Trump
Police Accountability: Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (HBO)
How Half Of America Lost Its F**king Mind
You worthless  scum: What its like to be targeted by a Donald Trump subreddit
North Carolina faces lawsuits over long voting lines and last-minute voter purges
Donald Trump is the white boomers last gasp  believe it or not, the future looks brighter.
Elizabeth Warren: 'Donald Trump is disconnected from reality'
Ryan Plans To Steamroll Democrats With Budget Tool: While GOP Leaders Have Made Threats In The Past To Use Reconciliation To Repeal Obamacare, Ryan Is Making It Clear He Plans To Use It When It Counts.
Were Kansas White Terrorists Self-Radicalized? or was it Trumpism?
Salma Hayek: "Those of us who can vote owe it to those who don't have a voice."
Mother Jones: "I went undercover with a militia on the US-Mexico border. Heres what I saw." These are the people fighting against the progressive movement.
This Quiz Predicts Whether You Love or Hate Trump 1.Where does Bacon come from? 2.What sport is played in Dodger Stadium? 3. True or false: Dinosaurs such as Tyrannosaurus lived at the same time as early humans.
The crowdsourcing goal was modest: $5,000, enough to help a few dozen people camping in North Dakota to protest the nearby construction of the four-state Dakota Access oil pipeline. The fund has since topped a staggering $1 million
Gun store runs ad saying it wont sell to Muslims, Clinton supporters
Paul Ryan Uses Bernie Sanders As the ULTIMATE Scare Tactic
Armed Trump Supporters 'Protest' Outside Virginia Democrat's Campaign Office [VIDEO
A Psychologist Analyzes Donald Trumps Personality. Narcissism, disagreeableness, grandiosityhow Trumps extraordinary personality might shape his possible presidency.
In a Time of Trump, Millennial Jews Awaken to Anti-Semitism: A new generation is experiencing an age-old hatred for the first time. But why has the Jewish right looked away?
Four Superpolluters Are Near One Indiana City
Tempers reached boiling point during a sale of baked goods at the University of Texas last week when the Young Conservatives student group attempted to sell cookies, varying prices according to race
Trump's Bill Clinton Rape Lies Just Fell Apart As Accuser's Sworn Affidavit Surfaces
Not 'locker room' talk: Athletes push back on Trump remark
10 Ways Trump Broke the Law and Got Away with It: Putting the Latest Clinton Email Media Frenzy in Perspective
A Tale of Two Standoffs: The federal response to Lakota protests against the Dakota Access Pipeline couldnt be more different than their reaction to this years Bundy occupation.
NYT: As ID Laws Fall, Voters See New Barriers Rise
Elizabeth Warren: Trump thinks 'a mouthful of Tic Tacs' means he can 'force himself on any woman'
Americas right-wingers talk fervently about protecting the Constitution but seem to have little understanding of what the Federalist framers were doing in creating a powerful central government
North Carolina lost out on a $250 million business expansion because of its 'bathroom law'
Trump Supporter Pulls A Gun On Black Lives Matter Protesters In Portland [VIDEO
Amazingly, there is no federal law against gun trafficking
Conservatives Against Democracy - Trumps rigged election claims arent new. The conservative movement has waged a war on electoral democracy since its inception.
Michelle Obama rekindles message of 'hope' to turn Arizona blue
Review: Michael Moore in TrumpLand Isnt About Donald Trump
Too many people face unmanageable debt. The cure is trade unions
Hillary Clinton Will [Almost Certainly
Construction on the four-state Dakota Access pipeline will resume on private land in North Dakota that's near a camp where thousands of protesters supporting tribal rights have gathered for months, the company building it said Tuesday
Trump Campaign Leaders Made Movies Comparable to Nazi Propaganda
Texas on trial for using fictional character in death penalty cases: The US state of Texas has come under fire for its use of a character from "Of Mice and Men" in determining if defendants are mentally ill. The so-called "Lennie Standard" has put several men on death row
A City Clerk Refused to Put Voting Site on Campus Because 'Students Lean More Toward the Democrats'
New Rule: The Danger of False Equivalency | Real Time with Bill Maher
Harry Reid to FBI director Comey: "You may have broken the law"
Des Moines Woman Says She Voted Twice For Trump Because "The Polls Are Rigged"
White Americans by large numbers disapprove of athletes protesting during the playing of "The Star-Spangled Banner," according to a new poll. Black Americans approve of the protests by even wider margins
A Great Fight of Our Times: Stagnation is the reality for much of the population.
Writer goes undercover to a Trump Campaign Debate Party at a San Jose Round Table Pizza and lives to tell about it
Texas students walk out of class after professor says all people descended from Africa
Why aren't the Dems using this opportunity to get new voting machines and otherwise fix many of the election day issues we have been having for years now?
Methane Emissions From Fossil Fuel Industry Dramatically Higher Than Previously Thought
Exclusive documents show a Wells Fargo employee informed the bank of fake customer accounts in 2006
Trump Foundation ordered to stop fundraising by N.Y. attorney generals office
Peter Thiel, who gave $1.25m to Trump, has called date rape 'belated regret'
President Barack Obama will make a late splash into races for state senate and assembly over the next week, endorsing roughly 150 candidates across 20 states. He'll also back a candidate for the North Carolina Supreme Court.
State lawmakers attempt to prevent immigrants from marrying is affecting U.S. citizens, too
Worst-Case Trump: What if losing the election only makes him stronger?
New Wells Fargo CEO Just Months Ago Denied the Bank Had a Sales Problem
7-year-old girl with disabilities escorted out of Trump rally
Not a Tea Party, a Confederate Party
The Left Must Do More to Support Women in the Muslim World
America Is Turning Into a Confederacy of Dunces: Why is Donald Trump within a whisker of the White House? Two-thirds of the country cant even name the three branches of government.
What Happens When the Police Misidentify You as the Dallas Shooter
'Not Wanted': Black applicants turned down for Trump housing speak out
Black Judges in Voting Dispute Recall Civil Rights Fight
Trumps supporters talk rebellion, assassination at his rallies
It takes a village to raise a misogynistic monster like Donald Trump
Calculate How Your Political Views Compare With Those Of The Presidential Candidates Using This Tool Made By Political Scientists
The Rudy Guiliani interview, in which a man who stomped on his own glasses calls Trump a genius for not paying taxes.
David Cay Johnston- The Making of Donald Trump. Johnston looks back at some of the key moments in Trump's life, such as the time he witheld medical treatment from a seriously ill baby over a personal feud.
Trump Debate Performance: Unhinged and Unqualified.
Donald Trump's D.C. Hotel Shows His Brand Is Sinking Along With His Poll Numbers
Poll: Hillary Clinton Has Double-Digit Lead Over Donald Trump
The Oklahoma Supreme Court has thrown out another state law that would put new restrictions on abortion providers
Bernie Sanders: If His Staffs Email Were Hacked, There Would Surely Be Some Unkind Things About Clinton
The problem is your candidate: Ultra-conservative Fox host explodes over Trumps losing campaign
Michelle Obama's HEARTBREAKING Speech: 'This Is Not Something That We Can Ignore.'
Dakota Access protesters say they were held in dog kennels following mass arrests
Trump boasts about his philanthropy. But his giving falls short of his words.
Who Controls Our Schools? How Billionaire-Sponsored Privatization is Destroying Democracy and Enriching The Charter School Industry
The Koch Connection in the Scott Walker John Doe Documents
The lies Trump told this week: taxes, bankruptcy and the Great Depression of the 1990s
Bill Straub: If you find the present state of American politics deplorable, you have McConnell to thank
How to get justice after the Wells Fargo scanda
Police in Riot Gear Begin to Remove Oil Pipeline Protesters
Exclusive investigation: Donald Trump campaigner boasted of 'suppressing' African American and 'suburban mom' voters
Land With Longest Stretch of Negative Rates Finds Rich Are Getting Richer Faster: A report by the Danish Economic Council says low rates have deepened inequality
Clinton's lead now up to double digits, new NBC/WSJ poll shows
Donald Trumps timing hits Paul Ryan right where it hurts (again)
Moody's Corp,parent of ratings agency Moody's Investor Services, said on Friday the U.S. Justice Department was preparing a civil complaint against the company, alleging violations of federal law in the run-up to the financial crisis
White Supremacist David Duke Qualifies for Senate Debate
70 Nobel Laureates Endorse Hillary Clinton
David Duke Letter Urges Louisianans To Support Trump-Duke Ticket
18 U.S. Code  2385 - Advocating overthrow of Government
Hillary Clinton Is Proposing A Policy To Tackle Deep Poverty
How the White Helmets Became International Heroes While Pushing U.S. Military Intervention and Regime Change in Syria
IWillVote.com <= It took me 1 min to verify I am registered to vote. Please do the same if you are not sure!
Mark Kirk Makes Racist Dig at Tammy Duckworth During Illinois Senate Debate
Indiana Officials Target A Black Voter Registration Drive On A Technicality
Union Asks Court to Reverse Wal-Mart Trespassing Order
Michelle Obama Gives Powerful Speech Roasting Trump For Predatory Comments
Convicted coal baron: I am an American political prisoner -- Former Massey CEO Don Blankenship releases a 67-page booklet from federal prison
How Hostile Poll-Watchers Could Hand Pennsylvania to Trump
Latino voter registration sees big surge in Georgia
Democrats sue Donald Trumps campaign in four states for voter suppression: They also point the finger at state Republican parties and Trump ally Roger Stone
Remember When Mike Pence Said Smoking Doesnt Kill?
The sad decline of baseball hero Curt Schilling: From bloody sock to Breitbart
How One 19-Year-Old Illinois Man Is Distorting National Polling Averages
As Tensions Rise, Tribes Protesting Pipeline Dig In: Were Staying -- As dozens more protesters were arrested, Native Americans in North Dakota prepared for a long fight over the Dakota Access pipeline.
David Sirota predicted the rise in popularity of candidates like Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump in an extremely clairvoyant speech 8 years ago.
Feds say they wont evict Dakota Access pipeline protest camp
Burr added: "And if Hillary Clinton becomes president, I am going to do everything I can do to make sure four years from now, we still got an opening on the Supreme Court." Burr boasted that he is responsible for the "longest judicial vacancy in history"
Fearing Trump, Bar Association Stifles Report Calling Him a Libel Bully
When the Affordable Care Acts health insurance marketplace opens in two weeks, many consumers will have a new option for the laws fourth open-enrollment period: standardized health plans that cover basic services without a deductible
Missouri's working poor deserve better from lawmakers.
Trump Again Pushes Conspiracy Theory That Other Communities Trying to Steal Election
Dear Mr. Trump and Mr. Putin, I am not Sidney Blumenthal
Donald Trump tape throws Republican politics into chaos
The Humane Society has endorsed Hillary Clinton and put out this ad explaining why a Trump presidency is such a danger to our country
VP Debate Reminds Americans How Extreme the Rest of the Republican Party Is
The Movement to End Racist Voting Laws
The Danger of False Equivalency
Some Donald Trump Voters Warn of Revolution if Hillary Clinton Wins
Donald Trump, officially out of ideas, says he will sue his female accusers
North Carolina slashed their early voting hours and now this is what the lines look like: The state could decide both the presidential election and control of the Senate.
Why Hillary Wins
Privilege Helps Men but Not Women Get Fancy Jobs. A researcher who sent hundreds of fake rsums to law firms found that hiring managers were most impressed by male applicants who indicated a passion for polo and sailing.
Clinton has double-digit lead in new national poll
Republicans hacked, skimmed NRSC donations sent to Russian domain
Muslim Americans Respond To A Caustic Campaign By Raising Money And Mobilizing
Is Trump's Rise a Result of America Declaring War on Institutions That Make Democracy Possible? | Democracy Now
"America Divided": New TV Series Explores Inequality from Water to Housing to Mass Incarceration
Welcome to a world without work
Clintons little-known crusade to save Africas elephants Relentless poaching is decimating Africas elephants. But the worlds largest land mammal could have a powerful, new champion if Hillary Clinton becomes president of the U.S.
Austerity at all levels of government has created a teacher shortfall
A conservative Christian organization has filed a federal lawsuit challenging a new Massachusetts law that prohibits discrimination against transgender people in public restrooms
If You Live In One Of These States, You Need To Register To Vote By Tomorrow
How U.S. Torture Left Legacy of Damaged Minds
Increasing numbers of teachers are finding themselves in a situation not dissimilar to that facing many cab drivers today.
Some cybersecurity experts believe a private Trump server was communicating with a Russian bank
Video Shows Donald Trump Sexually Humiliating Woman Before Large Audience
North Carolina Republicans Tried to Disenfranchise a 100-Year-Old African-American Woman
Megyn Kelly Politely Annihilates Newt Gingrich For Defending Donald Trump Against Sexual Assault Allegations
Why Trump's call for poll watching terrifies the RNC - Rachel Maddow does an awesome segment discussing John Barry, a lawyer who represented the RNC during their poll-watching intimidation tactics in the 1980s. (Oh and Barry was married to Trump's older sister who he wants to nominate for SCOTUS)
Hillary Clinton wins third presidential debate, according to CNN / ORC poll
Trump Goes Full Alex Jones: Hillary Secretly Meets With "International Bankers" To "Destroy" The U.S.
John McCain points to indefinite Supreme Court blockade
A GOP Strategist Explains Why The Republican Party Is About To Break in Two
Whats Behind the Netflix CEOs Fight to Charterize Public Schools?
Americas Therapists Are Worried About Trumps Effect On Your Mental Health
Federal judge swipes at Scotts political poppycock, extends Fla. voter registration deadline
BREAKING: Trump Supporters Now Threatening KIDS Of Newsweek Reporter Who Exposed Trump (VIDEO)
DONALD TRUMP EXPOSED (LEAKED VIDEO)
The voter registration deadline is THIS week for 20+ states. Check your state and register now!
Admit It. The Clinton Email Controversy Bothers You, Yet You Dont Actually Know What It Is
Will the U.S. Presidential Election Be Rigged?
Exclusive investigation: Donald Trump faces foreign donor fundraising scandal. Key supporters were prepared to accept illicit donations from foreign backers
Whos Behind The Dating Site That Accused Julian Assange Of Pedophilia?
Kansas cited the worst Supreme Court decision of all time to defend its anti-abortion law
How Comcast Muscled Its Way Out of Negative Political Ads: As if you needed another reason to despise the telecom company.
A Bunch Of Influential Progressives Just Gave Hillary Clinton Their Stamp Of Approval.
Trump's Casino Bankruptcies Cost His Employees Millions in Retirement Savings
Warren attacks 'selfish little sleaze ball' Trump
CNN's President Says It Was A Mistake To Air So Many Trump Rallies And "Let Them Run"
Possible Election Day problems worry civil rights advocates
What is a progressive?
White Woman Kneels Singing National Anthem During Preseason NBA Game
An appeals court has just thrown a bit of a spanner into the works at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, ruling that the entire control structure of the bureau is itself unconstitutional
Dave Daubenmire: We Cannot Vote For Hillary Clinton Because Women Are Not To Have Authority Over Men
Why For-Profit Education Fails: Moguls good intentions too often betray them.
Campus Workers Unmask Scheme To Privatize All Tennessee Property
Calling All Wells Fargo Whistleblowers! | naked capitalism
I Don't Like Hillary Clinton Or The Democratic Party. I'm Voting For Them Anyway.
What About the Planet? Our two major political parties are at odds on many issues, but nowhere is the gap bigger or more consequential than on climate.
Christian Times publishes falsified evidence of alleged electoral fraud plot
Amid Media Blackout over Climate Change Links to Hurricane Matthew, Top Scientist Speaks Out
Trump Admits to Relationship with Putin in 2013
Trump aide: 'We have three major voter suppression operations under way'. The efforts are intended to cut down on votes by white liberals, young women and black voters, three blocs important for Clinton, he said.
The developer of the Dakota Access oil pipeline said Tuesday that the dozens of protesters who have camped on company-owned land since the weekend are trespassing and that "lawless behavior will not be tolerated"
The long-running dispute over the Dakota Access oil pipeline expanded to private land recently purchased by the pipeline builders, with protesters who say the area rightfully belongs to Native Americans setting up camp and vowing to stay put until the project is stopped
Disenfranchised by Bad Design - There is in fact a widespread problem with ballots in the United States: theyre often horribly designed.
Senate Update: The Last Week Has Been Very Kind To Democrats' Hopes For A Majority
Did Paul Ryan just hand Democrats the Senate?
Revealed: 6 People Who Corroborate Natasha Stoynoff's Story of Being Attacked by Donald Trump
Paul Krugman Exposes the Real Reason Trump (and Ryan) Are Trash-Talking America
Danny Elfman composes original score for Donald Trump stalking Hillary Clinton at the debate and it's terrifying
An antiscience movement once limited mostly to the U.S. is gaining ground on the eastern side of the Atlantic
Were Witnessing Donald Trumps Meltdown Here, Folks | The Closer with Keith Olbermann | GQ
The G.O.P. Plan That Turned America Red
Confessions of a Gun Range Worker
President of Iowa Republican women's group resigns over Trump
How to Build a Democratic Majority That Lasts
Next Renewable Energy: Burning Forests, if Senators Get Their Way -- The presidents Clean Power Plan is being fought by 28 states, and a bipartisan group of senators who want burning wood for electricity to be considered carbon neutral.
New York teachers march to state capital to demand more funding for public schools: Public school teachers say New York needs to make good on its promise to equitably fund its schools.
The vengeful world of Donald Trump, and why it matters
A veteran spy has given the FBI information alleging a Russian operation to cultivate Donald Trump
Hate Rising with Jorge Ramos: From the KKK To Donald Trump's Neo-Fascists
Why Russia Wants the U.S. to Believe the Election Is Being Hacked
Bernie Sanders On Why His Supporters Should Vote For Clinton
Even the Better Business Bureau has disowned Wells Fargo
What We Saw in the Final Debate - Paul Krugman
Militia Groups and the Rigged Election
Bernie Sanders in Flagstaff: Arizona is a 'battleground state'
This Las Vegas Gun Store Is Banking on a Clinton Victory: A Pre-Hillary assault rifle sale may be a preview of things to come
Could The Return Of Glass- Steagall Prevent Wells Fargo-Style Debacles?
Sanders Tweet on Drugmaker Ariads Greed Sends Stock Plunging
Hillary Clinton is gaining momentumand shes seizing the moment to make her agenda even more progressive
No, Trump, Canadians do not flee en masse for US health care
As the Trumptanic goes down, which GOP leaders get out alive?
One of the largest evangelical college ministries in the U.S. has asked any staff members who support same-sex relationships to quit, a move critics call a purge and supporter laud as an affirmation of true Christianity
Ralph Nader Supporters Warn Third-Party Voters: Don't Make The Same Mistake!
Why The Two Historically Unpopular Candidates Meme Is A Sham  One That Boosts Donald Trump
WikiLeaks Trolls Trump World
Bundy Verdict Puts a Target on the Backs of Federal Workers
The GOPs Walking Dead: After the GOP's 2012 autopsy, its corpse has returned, shambling about in a mindless rage and spreading terror.
To Flip the House, How Big Would a Clinton Victory Margin Need to Be?
In several key states, the early vote has shifted heavily to the Democrats since 2012
Celia's Story of Working for Donald Trump
The government is appealing a federal judge's decision to temporarily block an Obama administration directive on bathroom rights for transgender students in public schools nationwide
The alcohol industry is bankrolling ads to scare you about legal pot
Insider reveals deceptive strategy behind Floridas solar amendment
CNN Has A Trump Surrogate Problem
Ben Carson to Host: Cut her mic off.
Trump's response to People reporter's claim is that she wasn't "hot enough" for him to grope
Evening News Programs, USA Today Ignore Climate Change Context Of Hurricane Matthew
Trump laments 'softer NFL rules' on concussions
Standing Rock: A New Moment for Native-American Rights
How to Move Beyond the Two-Party System
Gov. Rick Scott says no to extending Florida voter-registration deadline
Bridgegate Witness Says Cuomo and Christie Discussed Cover Story
Why Don't You Just Call the Cops?
Want to save America? Read your local paper.
HB2 was a mistake, most North Carolina voters say in Observer poll
Sanders calls Trump a 'political coward' over voter suppression report
What To Do When Faced With Voter Intimidation
Oregon wildlife refuge occupiers cleared
U.S. voting rights advocates scored a string of courtroom victories this year that rolled back some of the nation's most restrictive voting laws. Now they face another challenge: making sure those rulings are not undermined by officials who oversee elections at the local level
Clinton Voters Aren't Just Voting Against Trump
The Leftist Case for Clinton
We Raised $2.4 Million to Take Back Congress. #ThanksPaul
Paul Krugman Gives Progressives The Best Reasons To Vote For Hillary Yet
Donald Trump is a coward
Robert Reich: Why all progressives should vote Hillary
Why is it so hard to vote in America? - The Big Picture
Central Park Five's Yusef Salaam: Donald Trump Needs to Be Fired from Running for President
Capitalism Rewards Evil and Not The Truly Innovative Inventors of Society
At Long Last, Trump Blames The Jews For His Failed Campaign.
The Alt-Right Was Conjured Out of Pearl Clutching & Media Attention
The Man Behind the Tapes That Could Sink the Donald
Split Over Donald Trump Threatens to Tilt Republican States
The House May Be in Play | RealClearPolitics
Noone is winning this debate but there is a massive loser.
A free market in tax is a grotesque reality
Mike Pence can't believe Tim Kaine would insult Donald Trump by quoting him
N.Y. AG orders Trump's charity to stop fundraising in state
What Drives Trump Supporters?: Sociologist Arlie Russell Hochschild On Anger & Mourning Of The Right
American women are ending pregnancies with medication almost as often as with surgery, marking a turning point for abortion in the United States
The latest Trump tape accidentally explains rape culture in less than 3 minutes
Progressives need to wake up from this trance that Hillary will win easily. The polls are slowly narrowing, this fbi investigation certainly will not help her, and there is clearly an enthusiasm gap.
Elizabeth Warren would trump Curt Schilling in US Senate race
Fox News has never been as vulnerable as it is right now. Enter Trump TV?
"Underbanked" Report Shows Need For Postal Banking
How Deep Will 2016's Blue Wave Be? Progressives Push Many Candidates and Issues Up and Down Political Ladder
Rep. Ellison calls for DOJ to investigate Joe Walsh tweet
Kansas Ends Bad Economic News by Not Reporting It
RIP, Tom Hayden (1939-2016)
Warren Campaigns With Clinton With Eye on Curbing Wall Street
Longtime Progressive Activist Tom Hayden Dies At 76
Oprah Winfrey Just Got Real About Hillary Clinton
Bernie Sanders Is Running a Shadow Campaign
WATCH: Video Reveals Trump Boasting Sex Assault Allegations Will Help Him Win White House
How Pharmaceutical Companies Are Keeping Americans From Doing Something The Government Says They Can Do
Trump businesses down in September, even before the infamous tape leak
Third Parties: Last Week Tonight with John Oliver
How to End the Death Penalty for Good
Offshore Shell Games 2016: The Use of Offshore Tax Havens by Fortune 500 Companies -- Overall, multinational corporations use tax havens to avoid an estimated $100 billion in federal income taxes each year.
You Say Vote
Trump Used Foundation Funds for 2016 Run, Filings Suggest
Governments need a revenue system compatible with a low-carbon future
Donald Trump and the twin insurgency: Hes half plutocrat, half criminal and entirely ruthless
Women Will Have to Wait Another 170 Years to Close Gender Gap: Economic gap between men and women rises to highest since 2008
Clinton Voters Aren't Just Voting Against Trump
The Illuminating but Unsurprising Content of Clintons Paid Speeches
Inside The Strange, Paranoid World Of Julian Assange
A Bunch Of Influential Progressives Just Gave Clinton Their Blessing
Religious Right Group Says Trumps Behavior Is The Result Of Progressive Culture
Go Midwest, Young Hipster
Trump loyalist plans to send army of supporters to inner cities on election day: Roger Stone plans to run an exit poll of minority voters
Economic Update: The Economics of Tax Avoidance
What Went Down In The Third Presidential Debate - 538
Syrian Refugee Admissions and Resettlement in the United States: In Brief [ Yes, They're Vetted, Heavily Vetted Today. 
The Economy Is Improving, Yet These Voters Dont Trust The Data
Anti-Pipeline Encampment to Move From Federal to Tribal Land
 North Dakotas War on the First Amendment Threatens Everyones Right to Know
The Old Debt and Entitlement Charade
Judge rules against riot charge for "Democracy Now!" host Amy Goodman
Men Are Treating 2016 As A Normal Election; Women Arent
To what group should I donate in order to support progressive congressional candidates?
Statement Regarding the NAACP's Resolution on a Moratorium on Charter Schools
The Origin of the Trump Species
What Elizabeth Warren Really Wants From Hillary Clinton
Donald Trump threatens to sue New York Times over sexual harassment report
Presidential debate: Donald Trump made a mockery of democracy in his second matchup with Hillary Clinton
Dr. Jill Stein Owes Her Supporters Some Truth: She Won't Win
Paul Ryan Needs Trump More Than Trump Needs Ryan
Jailing Hillary!? Trumps Outrageous Case for Dictatorship
[ Gullible 
Fixing student loansthe right way
Colombians Reject Peace Deal in Stunning Referendum, Advocates Cite Climate of "Intimidation & Fear"
James Comey has been abusing his power for years. We shouldnt be surprised at the FBI directors intervention in the presidential campaign. He has a track record of dubious decisions.
School Segregation: Last Week Tonight with John Oliver
Donald Trump's ghostwriter on being the 'Dr Frankenstein' who made a monster. If he were writing The Art of the Deal today, hed call it The Sociopath instead.
No prayer, no meal: Shelters turning away government food due to new worship rules
Militia group calls on members to patrol polls on Election Day
The Progressive Tax Reform You've Never Heard Of
Election Day Is On A Tuesday Because White Male Farmers In The 1840s Wanted It To Be
Inside a Right-Wing Militia's Border Security Operation
Michael Moore Talks About Hillary Clinton, His New Film, and More
The 'Stain' Of Sticking With Donald Trump To The End | Morning Joe | MSNBC
Perils Of Eroded Civic Knowledge Forewarned | Rachel Maddow | MSNBC
Clinton calls Trump a 'sore loser'
Sexism and the U.S. Election | Sunday Talk
Clinton Vaults to a Double-Digit Lead, Boosted by Broad Disapproval of Trump (Poll)
'Unprecedented': Poll Shows Half of Republicans Would Reject Clinton Win.
The Looniest Economic Fantasies of the Third Debate Came From Chris Wallace. When it came to economic questions, the final debate was organized as an argument for austerity policies that fail everyone but the one percent.
The deep disgust for Hillary Clinton that drives so many evangelicals to support Trump
The New York City Council is set to introduce legislation that would significantly curtail the police departments practice of displacing families and closing businesses over alleged criminal activity before the accused have had their day in court
How the 'Losers' in Americas Trade Policies Got Left Behind
When an Election Damages Democracy
Clinton leads Trump by 12 in new national poll
Taking Trump Voters Concerns Seriously Means Listening To What Theyre Actually Saying
The Hideous, Diabolical Truth About Hillary Clinton [SATIRE
Florida's Supreme Court declares state death penalty law unconstitutional
Compassion, Weakness, and the 2016 Election
Mistrial Exposes Prosecutors' Challenges in Trying Police
Going Local in the Fight Against Inequality
Next step after working as a Field Organizer?
Trump's ghost will haunt the GOP -- and possibly kill it
Robert Reich (Why All Progressives Must Vote For Hillary)
5 Aspiring LGBT Politicians Share Their Coming-Out Stories
Economic mobility and racial inequities: How the next president can revive the American dream: The second in a series of live podcast tapings showcasing Brookings experts best ideas for the next president on October 19. This event will be live webcast.
Ginsburg on Kaepernick protests: 'I think it's dumb and disrespectful'
Colombian Opposition to Peace Deal Feeds Off Gay Rights Backlash
The Job Market Will Be Solid On Election Day
Why this white pastor is not saying all lives matter
Most Powerful Political Ads against Donald Trump | HEARTBREAKING
A court in Chad told Exxon Mobil Corp. to pay a record fine of $74 billion, as well as $819 million in royalties it said the oil company owed to the state, according to a court document
Tim Kaine and Mike Pence Agreed on Some Terrifying Policies
An evidence-based, voter-approved policy agenda for education
Marijuana legalization is leading in every state where its on the ballot this November
The democratization of technology
Why Americans Feel Poor, in One Chart - Bloomberg View
New documentary traces controversial history of policing in schools
Calm Down -- Bill Clinton Didn't Say Obamacare Is Terrible
Meet Kyle Thompson, the Knightsbridge Risk Management employee that was disguised as a Standing Rock water protector
Money Manager Thinks High-Decibel Elizabeth Warren Doesnt Know Her Place
Noam Chomsky: "The Republican Party is the most dangerous organization in world history"
The Naked Truth: Trumpland
Elizabeth Warren in Raleigh: 'Nasty women vote in North Carolina'
28 Days in Chains - In this federal prison, inmates have a choice: live with a violent cellmate or end up in shackles.
Defense secretary orders Pentagon to stop collecting California National Guard bonus repayments
How Post-Watergate Liberals Killed Their Populist Soul - The Atlantic
The Hillary Clinton "scandal involving Morocco, explained
Donald Trump Probably Believe In Eugenics [VIDEO
Sherrod Brown treated for minor injuries after car crash
Donald Trump's national political director takes step back from campaign; Another blow to the Trump campaign
The State of American Jobs: How the shifting economic landscape is reshaping work and society and affecting the way people think about the skills and training they need to get ahead
California launches criminal probe into Wells Fargo account scandal
Why 27 Million Are Still Uninsured Under Obamacare
What Does It Mean to Be Trans? A Q&A on Rogers Brubaker's New Book - The Atlantic
National groups spar over South Dakota ballot measure: Initiative to revamp campaign finance, ethics oversight in state becomes fault line for national debate
Youre Lying to Yourself if You Think Trump is the Answer
The Lucrative Road From Congress to Corporate Boards
Overtime with Bill Maher: TPP, Anger Management, Progressive Priorities
'Trump-Emboldened,' 'Racist' Crowds Feed An Exodus At The Second City In Chicago
It's Official: This Election Is Driving Americans Nuts
Trump Isn't Teflon
How Would Trump Deport 11 Million People? Think About It.
TIL we have a bunch of Progressive CA ballot propositions
Republicans struggle to relate to women through female relatives
Declining support for Common Core oversimplifies public opinion on common standards
The 2016 Democratic Party Platform  To The Left
GenForward Poll: Half of black youth face job discrimination
Authorities are investigating after a woman said she found a cross burning in her front yard and a racial slur written on her mobile home in western Kentucky
Judge ordered not to preside over cases involving Iranians because she is of Iranian descent herself
Trump says U.S. officials letting in illegal immigrants so they can vote
Make America Hated Again!
The Next Debate Must Address Womens Issues
Getting Out the Millennial Vote
It's Time To Seriously Look At Hillary's Policy Agenda
The poor and the middle class need jobs, jobs, and more jobs
32+ New Honest Election Resource Links  CSOonlines new site of technical election hacking stories, Open Source Election Technology resources links, PA updates
Clinton Foundation: Those Hacked Files Arent Ours
Suburban White Women Weigh Their Options In A Bizarre Election
Authoritarianism: The political science that explains Trump.
The Class Dynamics in the Rise of Donald Trump
Full Frontal Presidential Interviews: Barack Obama | Full Frontal with Samantha Bee | TBS
Happy Halloween, Paul Ryan!
Is Trump Your Fault? Take This Test To Find Out Your Trump Fault Score
Florida: Almost 4 million votes in and 8 days to go
I want to economically support liberal states with my purchasing power. What are some of the best products for different categories to do this?
Lessons from Roosevelt: The Past of the Democratic Party
"How do I protect myself if Trump is elected?"
Trump rally attendee chants 'Jew-S-A' at media
The fetishisation of work is making us miserable. Lets learn to live again. Long hours and poor pay are wreaking havoc on our lives. Rather than fixating on growth, if we restructured the working week it would allow people to flourish.
Donald Trump Says Hillary Clinton Will Start WWIII With Russia, but Moscow Disagrees
Bernie Sanderss Hopes and Regrets
Senate Update: GOP Candidates Are Doing Better Than Trump  And May Still Lose
From Donald Trump to Julian Assange - why do Western loudmouths love Vladimir Putin? -- Those who appear on RT are useful idiots for a revanchist imperial power
Election Update: Why Our Model Is More Bullish Than Others On Trump
Tom Hayden, Civil Rights and Antiwar Activist Turned Lawmaker, Dies at 76
The shame and the glory: Long voting lines
Law enforcement officials fired at an unmanned aircraft and a group of Dakota Access pipeline opponents twice blocked a North Dakota state highway Sunday, capping a weekend of protests
Understanding Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton's Health Care Reform Proposals
Jorge Ramos Wants You To Know What Makes Trump So Dangerous
Five teenagers charged in vandalism of historic black schoolhouse in Ashburn, Virginia
A progressive political alliance for Europe
There's A New Silent Majority, And It's Voting For Hillary Clinton
Anyone here in Colorado? We need help to stop a heavy gas exploration/fracking project in a pristine mountain area with the highest collection of organic and family farms in the state (North Fork Valley). 95% of BLM land is set to be opened up for development. Please help out and spread the word.
Should I donate through ActBlue?
Stephen Helps President Obama Polish His Rsum
The US Filed a WTO Dispute to Save Jobsby Increasing Imports from China: Heres Why
An Attempt At Funding Fascism
Slate's Trumpcast - Democracy Spawns A Tyrant
An effort to erase the Confederate battle emblem from Mississippi's flag has failed because sponsors didn't collect enough signatures to put an initiative on the 2018 ballot
Want to know WikiLeaks' endgame? Julian Assange told you a decade ago
Could this be a solution to our for profit prison culture and repeat offender problem?
Senate Update: Clinton Is Surging, But Down-Ballot Democrats Are Losing Ground
Donald Trump Underage Girl Dating Remarks (1992 video)
Hillary Clinton to Panicked Republicans: Youre on Your Own
Police Use Surveillance Tool to Scan Social Media, A.C.L.U. Says: Geofeedia, a company in Chicago, has used data from Facebook, Twitter and several other networks to aid law enforcement officials in monitoring protesters, the A.C.L.U. says.
Activist group claims shutting of five Canada-U.S. oil pipelines
Grizzly Bear's Ed Droste, Outspoken Bernie Sanders Supporter, Backs Hillary Clinton
Best Responses to the Trump Video
6 Charts that Will Make You Optimistic About Americas Clean Energy Future
Paul Ryan Presents Official Terrible Nightmare Plans Republicans Will Have President Trump Pass
Progress on health care will take hard work and bipartisan cooperation
Time to fix our crumbling infrastructure
Can the ambitions of the Paris Climate Agreement be met? -- Coping with climate change and delivering on development
WATCH: How minority voters could swing the 2016 presidential election
Investigative Reporters and Donald Trump: the 9 Best Articles
NRB approves final phase of Wisconsin public land sales
Cuts in Food Stamps & Sanctions on Russia Ruin American Farmers
Civil rights groups and officials are worried about violence at the polls
Effectiveness Of Elizabeth Warren As Hillary Clinton Surrogate
Holder & Obama Aim at 2020
Europes Traditional Left Is In A Death Spiral. Even If You Dont Like The Left, This Is A Problem.
How to Support Standing Rock and Confront What It Means to Live on Stolen Land
Trump Backer Peter Thiel Belatedly Apologizes for Once Writing that Rape Can Be 'Delayed Regret'
Dont forget: Hillary Clinton is blazing a momentous trail
Has Obama's IDGAF Tour Officially Begun? On Marco Rubio Voting Trump: 'C'mon Man.'
Gary Younge, America's Deserving and Undeserving Dead Children
Tom Hayden [Extended Interview
What are the progressive issues of the future?
What do the Clinton charities actually do and where does their money go?
An Illustrated History of Donald Trumps Hair. Warning! Dont Read Before Lunch! Photos
Election Update: There Are 4 Ways This Election Can End  And 3 Involve Clinton Winning
Americans Wages Just Hit An All-Time High
Captain Khan
Donald Trump Must Withdraw. Here's Why.
Hugh Laurie Tells Americans What They Should Really Be Worried About
What Differentiates White-Collar Criminals From Other Executives? A Q&A With Eugene Soltes -
Trump has tremendous respect for women
Tesla Ranked #1 In Overall Brand Experience Among Automakers [ MSM News Blackout On Tesla Continues 
Ok So Can We Talk About The Issues
Adrian Gonzalez wouldn't stay with Dodgers at a Trump hotel in Chicago
The New Election Laws and the Suits Challenging Them - The Big Picture [ Repubs STEALING Election TODAY 
This Is The Best Book To Help You Understand The Wild 2016 Campaign
Blame Big Pharma [Full Debate
Op-Ed in The Christian Post argues that "Hillary Clinton Is the Best Choice for Voters Against Abortion"
Trumpcast - Donald Trump Is A Lot Of Things, But Is A Fascist One Of Them?
Slate's Trumpcast - Jacob Weisberg vs Adam Liptak: An Assault on the Rule of Law
The Libertarian Partys Dangerous Fusion
Donald Trump: The Frankenstein's Monster of the US Elite | Owen Jones Talks...
Half of Trump Supporters Dont Believe Economic Data
Canada Thinks We Need Some Cheering Up, So They Tell America It's Great
The Video Defense About Her Emails Hillary Clinton Never Gave
Despite Widespread Failure, Corruption and Resegregation of Public Schools, the Post and Times Try to Tell the NAACP What to Do About Charter Schools
Trump, Brexit, and the Future of Nationalist Populism in the US and Europe
13TH | Official Trailer [HD
Illinois ends indiscriminate shackling of minors in courtrooms
Where Do Clinton and Trump Have the Most Upside?
What President Donald Trump Would Do On Day 1
Im the Last Thing Standing Between You and the Apocalypse | Inside the final weeks of Hillary Clintons cautious  and surprisingly risky  campaign.
Employment Comments: Another Decent Report -- Calculated Risk
NWHLs Harrison Browne is first transgender athlete in pro team sports
Poll says most in US back globalisation: Trumps call for rewrite of trade deals appeals to only a minority in America
The Consequences of Top-Down Economics Are Not Accidental  But Theres Cause for Hope
Hillary Clinton's Lonesome White Male Supporters
A Former Occupy Boston Activist Is Trying His Hand at Big Government. Disillusioned supporters of Sanders might take heart at the example of a candidate like Connolly.
Intercept Reporter Confronts Justice Kennedy About Citizens United
There Is Only One Message for Voters to Send in This Election
State of Unions in the Age of Bernie
Five Years After the Brooklyn Bridge Arrests, the Occupy Wall Street Worth Remembering
Surveys of Consumers [ Sept 2017 - Consumer Sentiment: 91.2, Consumer Expectations: 82.7, ( HIGH ) -- Won't Be On Fox "Business" 
Pikettys housing capital results: New US facts
This Quiz Can Mean Life Behind Bars
State of the Race with HFA Campaign Manager Robby Mook | Hillary Clinton
Putting Family Policy on the Governing Agenda
Academia, Love Me Back | "On the second page the professor circled the word hence and wrote in between the typed lines This is not your word. The word not was underlined. Twice. My professor assumed someone like me would never use language like that."
Will mushroom clouds turn Ohio voters away from Donald Trump?
Speaking Truth: Strength Through Diversity Is America's Superpower
The Trump And Clinton Campaigns Finally Had A Substantive Climate Debate
Election Update: Where Are The Undecided Voters?
After Bernie: Will "Our Revolution" Deliver on Its Promise of "Political Revolution"?
David Axelrod Explains Why Obama Was Really a Progressive President
Delaware has its own Donald Trump Mini-Me
This Election is Too Important Not to Vote for Hillary
Debt, Diversion, Distraction
Why Jorge Ramos Took on Trump
Hate Rising Premieres Sunday @10P EST
Hate Rising with Jorge Ramos (Preview)
Immigration in America Isnt What the Politicians Tell You
"Let's Dare To Win" - Straight Talk to Millenial Progressive Activists at Rutgers University
Can You Carry a Gun to a Polling Place? As Trump riles up his supporters, a look at what constitutes illegal voter intimidation
Paul Krugman: The Real Reason Clinton Is Winning Is Not What the Pundits Tell You
The consequences of trade union power erosion
Wal-Mart's Wage Experiment Works ... for Workers - Bloomberg View
Does anyone else believe in the existence of height discrimination/privilege?
A Plan That Can Help Millions
Breaking: ND Prosecutor Seeks "Riot" Charges Against Amy Goodman For Reporting On Pipeline Protest
These Words Have Been Tested By Science To Get You To Vote
College Democrats of Massachusetts Endorses Question 3
Rethinking Populism | Dissent Magazine
Understanding Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton's Tax Plans
The Scariest Trump Video Ever
Another Deadly Drone Mistake: At What Point Do We Say Enough?
Trump Knows Nothing About Russia, He Just Repeats Their Propaganda
Wishful Thinking: First Hundred Days after November 8
Watching Judgement At Nurenburg, again.
Wikileaks Releases Hillary Transcripts!
Millennials: Someone You Love May Be Alive Because of Hillary Clinton
An Open Letter to Martha Raddatz and Anderson Cooper
In a year of Trump and new voting laws, U.S. government will severely limit election observers
Cheer Up. History Will Forget This Dismal Campaign. - Bloomberg View
Arlie Russell Hochschild on "Strangers in Their Own Land: Anger and Mourning on the American Right"
How the government can fix expending working hours problem?
Michael Moore In TrumpLand: "Human Molotov Cocktail"
Oil Prices Slammed By Higher OPEC Exports And Stronger Dollar [ Stronger Dollar and EU Austerity's Ultra-low Interest Rates means Yellen has NO ROOM for Rate Increase. 
Regional Drought Monitor - SouthEast [ Repub Global Warming Denier IRONY - Repub States in Drought. 
What Does Trumps Candidacy Say About Our Capacity for Good and Evil? | Eric Kandel
This Is Important
Bargaining On A Revolution?
Progressive Alternatives and National Projects
Beyond Clinton & Sanders: The Task of the Democratic Party
Saul Alinsky: Brilliant, Epic Conversation on Revolution
Tamar Gendler: An Introduction to the Philosophy of Politics and Economics
"Vote for Them" by Slam Poet Carlos Andrs Gmez
If you had a 5 minute meeting with President Obama and his wife, what would you say and/or ask?
Inside the knock-down, drag-out fight to turn North Carolina blue
Supreme Court to consider potentially landmark transgender rights case
Building Power to Win: Organizing Versus Mobilizing - Jane McAlevey
The Progressive Tax Reform You've Never Heard Of
Why local papers are essential for lasting political change
Michael Moore Defends Support For Hillary Clinton
Stand Up to Big Pharma Greed. Vote Yes on Proposition 61
Why Does The Government Continue to Lie About Social Security?
Green bonds take root in the U.S. municipal bond market
Legendary Antiwar Activist and SDS Organizer Tom Hayden Dies at 76
The Naked Truth: Is the U.S. Political System Rigged?
What Would Happen if Countries Had Open Borders? | Borders
Getting to Grips with the Trump Phenomenon
The gender pay gap is real, and heres who is hit hardest
Progressive Representation for the Hudson Valley
Transportation problems make smart cities a national priority
Democrats eye their own Koch-style machine
In the End, I Guess I'm With Her: Lessons for the 2016 election from Franklin Delano Roosevelt.
Watch "Don't Be a Sucker!, the 1947 US Government Anti-Hatred Film Thats Relevant Again in 2016
Ryan Avoids Talking Trump, Paints Grim Picture Of 'Liberal Progressive' Rule
ACLU & HRW Call to Decriminalize Drug Use & Possession After Documenting Arrests Every 25 Seconds
Will A World In Turmoil Actually Lead To World Peace?
Srdja Popovic - Revolution 101
Deeply Divided: Racial Politics and Social Movements in Post-War America
Could Rising Insurance Premiums Eradicate Unlawful Police Conduct?
The New Rules of the Road: A Progressive Approach to Globalization
Trump Is Retreating Into the Fringe Media's Far-Right Paranoid World as His Campaign Falls Apart. The darkest regions of the conservative media populated by a cranky collection of media outcasts, trolls, and bottom feeders.
Video: Progress is on the ballot
Is Russia Our Enemy?
The Financial Powers Behind the Dakota Access Pipeline Must Be Confronted
[Why Repubs are Dying 101 
Court: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's Structure Is Unconstitutional
I've always felt it was odd that gun control was a progressive issue...
Getting Rid Of Globalization Wouldn't Stop Inequality
Dear America: Make Brexit Look Less Stupid. Vote Trump.
Medea Benjamin (Code Pink) on election & Saudi Arabia
Donny, you're out of your element: the 2016 election in 15 Big Lebowski quotes
The top 5 education innovations needed to keep up in a new economy
Texas Newspaper Destroys The Myth That Hillary Clinton Is The Lesser Of Two Evils
UK: Major Trade Union Federation Endorses UBI
A Coalition of All Democratic Forces, Part I: A Political Focus on What's Truly Important
Inside Trump's 'cyborg' Twitter army. Could automated online propaganda sway the election?
Indian Oil Companies Will Develop 2.7 GW Of Solar Capacity [ Indian Oil Plans to STAY IN BUSINESS over the next 10 years. 
Charles Blow Blames Rigged Election Talk On Sanders: Clinton Is Beating Men  Deal With It
How Does the Minimum Wage Work?
Why Populists Lose Elections
Economic mobility and racial inequities: How the next president can revive the American dream
If the election is really rigged, 33 states are rigged by Republicans
Bernie Sanders and the Democratic Biopsy
The Perils of a Partisan NLRB
Clinton and Sanders Focus on the Wrong Percent - Cass Sunstein
Wikileaks Throws Weight Behind Trump
Earnings Preview: Tesla Motors Q3 2016 (TSLA) - Selerity Global Insight
Why Jim Chanos is thoroughly unimpressed by Tesla [ Look for Tesla at a Bargain 
Trump tried to downplay his pro-Russian tilt in the last debate. Then he proved it.
NRA: Poll Shows Americans Fear Government Corruption and Gun Control Over Mass Shootings
Stop Mocking Gary Johnson
Tim Kaines Time With A Marxist Priest: Tim Kaine Frequently Talks About How His Mission In Honduras In The Early 1980s Shaped His Worldview. That Trip Included Visits With A Controversial Priest Who Later Disappeared.
Curt Schilling says hes serious about running against Elizabeth Warren - The Boston Globe
Bernie Sanders Delegate on Wikileaks, Hillary Clinton, and Strategic Voting
The Strange Sympathy of the Far Left for Putin
Who I'm Voting For President
How Progressives Took over U.S. Foreign Policy
A Berniecrat's Argument Against Jill Stein and For Hillary Clinton
How a Trump-like candidate could emerge from the Left
Wikileaks Releases Hillary Transcripts!
If the election is really rigged, 33 states are rigged by Republicans
Texas Newspaper Destroys The Myth That Hillary Clinton Is The Lesser Of Two Evils
Why The Two Historically Unpopular Candidates Meme Is A Sham  One That Boosts Donald Trump
Stop Mocking Gary Johnson
A Berniecrat's Argument Against Jill Stein and For Hillary Clinton
Charles Blow Blames Rigged Election Talk On Sanders: Clinton Is Beating Men  Deal With It
This Election is Too Important Not to Vote for Hillary
Wikileaks Releases Hillary Transcripts!
Robert Reich (Why All Progressives Must Vote For Hillary)
Was a Trump Server Communicating With Russia? This spring, a group of computer scientists set out to determine whether hackers were interfering with the Trump campaign. They found something they werent expecting.
Robert Reich: Why all progressives should vote Hillary
I Don't Like Hillary Clinton Or The Democratic Party. I'm Voting For Them Anyway.
Indian Oil Companies Will Develop 2.7 GW Of Solar Capacity [ Indian Oil Plans to STAY IN BUSINESS over the next 10 years. 
Why Populists Lose Elections
Bernie Sanders and the Democratic Biopsy
Clinton and Sanders Focus on the Wrong Percent - Cass Sunstein
Wikileaks Throws Weight Behind Trump
Millennials: Someone You Love May Be Alive Because of Hillary Clinton
Michael Moore Defends Support For Hillary Clinton
Donny, you're out of your element: the 2016 election in 15 Big Lebowski quotes
The top 5 education innovations needed to keep up in a new economy
More Than Half of Americans Would Date Someone Who Cant Read over a Trump Supporter
Don't forget, you have to vote to STOP Trump
An Illustrated History of Donald Trumps Hair. Warning! Dont Read Before Lunch! Photos
Im the Last Thing Standing Between You and the Apocalypse | Inside the final weeks of Hillary Clintons cautious  and surprisingly risky  campaign.
Academia, Love Me Back | "On the second page the professor circled the word hence and wrote in between the typed lines This is not your word. The word not was underlined. Twice. My professor assumed someone like me would never use language like that."
Dr. Jill Stein Owes Her Supporters Some Truth: She Won't Win
Hillary Clinton is gaining momentumand shes seizing the moment to make her agenda even more progressive
Stand Up to Big Pharma Greed. Vote Yes on Proposition 61
Why Does The Government Continue to Lie About Social Security?
Green bonds take root in the U.S. municipal bond market
Why Jim Chanos is thoroughly unimpressed by Tesla [ Look for Tesla at a Bargain 
NRA: Poll Shows Americans Fear Government Corruption and Gun Control Over Mass Shootings
Getting Rid Of Globalization Wouldn't Stop Inequality
Curt Schilling says hes serious about running against Elizabeth Warren - The Boston Globe
Hillary Clinton Is Proposing A Policy To Tackle Deep Poverty
Clinton Vaults to a Double-Digit Lead, Boosted by Broad Disapproval of Trump (Poll)
Inside Trump's 'cyborg' Twitter army. Could automated online propaganda sway the election?
How Does the Minimum Wage Work?
Economic mobility and racial inequities: How the next president can revive the American dream
Noone is winning this debate but there is a massive loser.
Dont forget: Hillary Clinton is blazing a momentous trail
Donald Trump Must Withdraw. Here's Why.
Hillary Clinton's Lonesome White Male Supporters
Video Shows Donald Trump Sexually Humiliating Woman Before Large Audience
Clintons little-known crusade to save Africas elephants Relentless poaching is decimating Africas elephants. But the worlds largest land mammal could have a powerful, new champion if Hillary Clinton becomes president of the U.S.
Fox News has never been as vulnerable as it is right now. Enter Trump TV?
Admit It. The Clinton Email Controversy Bothers You, Yet You Dont Actually Know What It Is
James Comey has been abusing his power for years. We shouldnt be surprised at the FBI directors intervention in the presidential campaign. He has a track record of dubious decisions.
Clinton calls Trump a 'sore loser'
Ralph Nader Supporters Warn Third-Party Voters: Don't Make The Same Mistake!
The consequences of trade union power erosion
Does anyone else believe in the existence of height discrimination/privilege?
Who I'm Voting For President
From Donald Trump to Julian Assange - why do Western loudmouths love Vladimir Putin? -- Those who appear on RT are useful idiots for a revanchist imperial power
Wikileaks Releases Hillary Transcripts!
Hillary Clintons 3 Presidential Debate Performances Left The Trump Campaign In Ruins
That time Trump called for the EXECUTION OF PRISONERS WITH BULLETS DIPPED IN PIG BLOOD. On film. This has been forgotten, but let's bring it back up. We cannot let this man be normalized.
Women Will Have to Wait Another 170 Years to Close Gender Gap: Economic gap between men and women rises to highest since 2008
The Humane Society has endorsed Hillary Clinton and put out this ad explaining why a Trump presidency is such a danger to our country
Noam Chomsky: "The Republican Party is the most dangerous organization in world history"
Youre Lying to Yourself if You Think Trump is the Answer
Poll: Hillary Clinton Has Double-Digit Lead Over Donald Trump
Al Gore: 'Consider me exhibit A' for why each vote matters
Progressives need to wake up from this trance that Hillary will win easily. The polls are slowly narrowing, this fbi investigation certainly will not help her, and there is clearly an enthusiasm gap.
Some cybersecurity experts believe a private Trump server was communicating with a Russian bank
Americans Wages Just Hit An All-Time High
Trump has tremendous respect for women
Trump is lying, plain and simple, about his wealth. He knows that people could reverse engineer his tax returns and show the financial facade he has built. That's why he hides his tax returns. There's no evidence Trump is a billionaire, much less worth more than 10 billion.
Inside the knock-down, drag-out fight to turn North Carolina blue
Supreme Court to consider potentially landmark transgender rights case
The Naked Truth: Is the U.S. Political System Rigged?
The gender pay gap is real, and heres who is hit hardest
Transportation problems make smart cities a national priority
Earnings Preview: Tesla Motors Q3 2016 (TSLA) - Selerity Global Insight
Ryan Avoids Talking Trump, Paints Grim Picture Of 'Liberal Progressive' Rule
[Why Repubs are Dying 101 
Court: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's Structure Is Unconstitutional
Dear America: Make Brexit Look Less Stupid. Vote Trump.
Tim Kaines Time With A Marxist Priest: Tim Kaine Frequently Talks About How His Mission In Honduras In The Early 1980s Shaped His Worldview. That Trip Included Visits With A Controversial Priest Who Later Disappeared.
School Segregation: Last Week Tonight with John Oliver
Election Day Is On A Tuesday Because White Male Farmers In The 1840s Wanted It To Be
Calm Down -- Bill Clinton Didn't Say Obamacare Is Terrible
Paul Krugman Gives Progressives The Best Reasons To Vote For Hillary Yet
Mike Pence can't believe Tim Kaine would insult Donald Trump by quoting him
Trump's own bankruptcy lawyers say he lies so much they could only meet with him in pairs
Hillary Clinton Won Second Presidential Debate Over Donald Trump, CNN Poll Says
To Flip the House, How Big Would a Clinton Victory Margin Need to Be?
Is Trump Your Fault? Take This Test To Find Out Your Trump Fault Score
Donald Trump Says Hillary Clinton Will Start WWIII With Russia, but Moscow Disagrees
There's A New Silent Majority, And It's Voting For Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton to Panicked Republicans: Youre on Your Own
Police Use Surveillance Tool to Scan Social Media, A.C.L.U. Says: Geofeedia, a company in Chicago, has used data from Facebook, Twitter and several other networks to aid law enforcement officials in monitoring protesters, the A.C.L.U. says.
Men Are Treating 2016 As A Normal Election; Women Arent
Trump recorded having extremely lewd conversation about women in 2005
Trumps apology sounds like a rapist saying she asked for it
Third Parties: Last Week Tonight with John Oliver
Money Manager Thinks High-Decibel Elizabeth Warren Doesnt Know Her Place
Donald Trump Probably Believe In Eugenics [VIDEO
The Next Debate Must Address Womens Issues
Getting Out the Millennial Vote
Clinton Foundation: Those Hacked Files Arent Ours
Will mushroom clouds turn Ohio voters away from Donald Trump?
Speaking Truth: Strength Through Diversity Is America's Superpower
After Bernie: Will "Our Revolution" Deliver on Its Promise of "Political Revolution"?
David Axelrod Explains Why Obama Was Really a Progressive President
The Strange Sympathy of the Far Left for Putin
The Scariest Trump Video Ever
In a year of Trump and new voting laws, U.S. government will severely limit election observers
Cheer Up. History Will Forget This Dismal Campaign. - Bloomberg View
How the government can fix expending working hours problem?
Donald Trump is the white boomers last gasp  believe it or not, the future looks brighter.
The lies Trump told this week: taxes, bankruptcy and the Great Depression of the 1990s
Clinton Voters Aren't Just Voting Against Trump
The Leftist Case for Clinton
At Long Last, Trump Blames The Jews For His Failed Campaign.
A Psychologist Analyzes Donald Trumps Personality. Narcissism, disagreeableness, grandiosityhow Trumps extraordinary personality might shape his possible presidency.
Hillary Clinton wins third presidential debate, according to CNN / ORC poll
DONALD TRUMP EXPOSED (LEAKED VIDEO)
No prayer, no meal: Shelters turning away government food due to new worship rules
'Unprecedented': Poll Shows Half of Republicans Would Reject Clinton Win.
Trump's ghost will haunt the GOP -- and possibly kill it
Why this white pastor is not saying all lives matter
Tim Kaine and Mike Pence Agreed on Some Terrifying Policies
Donald Trump Called Deaf 'Apprentice' Marlee Matlin 'Retarded'
CNN Has A Trump Surrogate Problem
New records suggest Donald Trump misled the public about his income
Clinton Holds 11-Point National Lead Over Trump: NBC/WSJ Poll
The real vote rigging: Republicans make it harder for millions to vote in 2016 election
You worthless  scum: What its like to be targeted by a Donald Trump subreddit
Why Hillary Wins
Bernie Sanders On Why His Supporters Should Vote For Clinton
Even the Better Business Bureau has disowned Wells Fargo
What We Saw in the Final Debate - Paul Krugman
Civil rights groups and officials are worried about violence at the polls
How Progressives Took over U.S. Foreign Policy
Effectiveness Of Elizabeth Warren As Hillary Clinton Surrogate
Has Obama's IDGAF Tour Officially Begun? On Marco Rubio Voting Trump: 'C'mon Man.'
What do the Clinton charities actually do and where does their money go?
Hugh Laurie Tells Americans What They Should Really Be Worried About
Tesla Ranked #1 In Overall Brand Experience Among Automakers [ MSM News Blackout On Tesla Continues 
Op-Ed in The Christian Post argues that "Hillary Clinton Is the Best Choice for Voters Against Abortion"
The Libertarian Partys Dangerous Fusion
Despite Widespread Failure, Corruption and Resegregation of Public Schools, the Post and Times Try to Tell the NAACP What to Do About Charter Schools
Employment Comments: Another Decent Report -- Calculated Risk
There Is Only One Message for Voters to Send in This Election
Inside The Strange, Paranoid World Of Julian Assange
Donald Trump threatens to sue New York Times over sexual harassment report
Jailing Hillary!? Trumps Outrageous Case for Dictatorship
10 Ways Trump Broke the Law and Got Away with It: Putting the Latest Clinton Email Media Frenzy in Perspective
Elizabeth Warren: Trump thinks 'a mouthful of Tic Tacs' means he can 'force himself on any woman'
Anderson Cooper asked Donald Trump 4 times about his sexual assault bragging. Trump kept dodging.
Trump aide: 'We have three major voter suppression operations under way'. The efforts are intended to cut down on votes by white liberals, young women and black voters, three blocs important for Clinton, he said.
Hillary Should Not Respect Donald Trump Jr., Who Is a White Nationalist Stooge
Not 'locker room' talk: Athletes push back on Trump remark
Sunday's debate was a desperate dive into the political sewer, airing every crazy anti-Clinton conspiracy theory.
The Bottom Could Fall Out For Trump
Trump Debate Performance: Unhinged and Unqualified.
Trump Camp Will Fake Exit Polls, Possibly to Intimidate Voters and Lay Groundwork for Post-Election Shenanigans
The latest Trump tape accidentally explains rape culture in less than 3 minutes
Rep. Ellison calls for DOJ to investigate Joe Walsh tweet
Oprah Winfrey Just Got Real About Hillary Clinton
WATCH: Video Reveals Trump Boasting Sex Assault Allegations Will Help Him Win White House
Governments need a revenue system compatible with a low-carbon future
'Not Wanted': Black applicants turned down for Trump housing speak out
A Bunch Of Influential Progressives Just Gave Hillary Clinton Their Stamp Of Approval.
This Election Is Being Riggedbut Not by Democrats:  The GOPs voter-suppression efforts are the real voter fraud
70 Nobel Laureates Endorse Hillary Clinton
Bernie Sanders Makes a Powerful Case for Continuing the RevolutionUnder a Clinton Administration
A Coalition of All Democratic Forces, Part I: A Political Focus on What's Truly Important
Trump rally attendee chants 'Jew-S-A' at media
Stephen Helps President Obama Polish His Rsum
The Perils of a Partisan NLRB
Want to know WikiLeaks' endgame? Julian Assange told you a decade ago
Activist group claims shutting of five Canada-U.S. oil pipelines
Grizzly Bear's Ed Droste, Outspoken Bernie Sanders Supporter, Backs Hillary Clinton
6 Charts that Will Make You Optimistic About Americas Clean Energy Future
Paul Ryan Presents Official Terrible Nightmare Plans Republicans Will Have President Trump Pass
WATCH: How minority voters could swing the 2016 presidential election
Investigative Reporters and Donald Trump: the 9 Best Articles
Trump Is OK With Calling Ivanka a "Piece of Ass" and Other Horrible Things He Told Howard Stern
Why Trump's call for poll watching terrifies the RNC - Rachel Maddow does an awesome segment discussing John Barry, a lawyer who represented the RNC during their poll-watching intimidation tactics in the 1980s. (Oh and Barry was married to Trump's older sister who he wants to nominate for SCOTUS)
In acquitting the Oregon militants, a white jury determines that the law doesnt apply to white protesters
Salma Hayek: "Those of us who can vote owe it to those who don't have a voice."
HB2 was a mistake, most North Carolina voters say in Observer poll
U.S. voting rights advocates scored a string of courtroom victories this year that rolled back some of the nation's most restrictive voting laws. Now they face another challenge: making sure those rulings are not undermined by officials who oversee elections at the local level
Donald Trump is a coward
N.Y. AG orders Trump's charity to stop fundraising in state
No, George Soros Does NOT Own Voting Machines.
Some Donald Trump Voters Warn of Revolution if Hillary Clinton Wins
Donald Trump, officially out of ideas, says he will sue his female accusers
Writer goes undercover to a Trump Campaign Debate Party at a San Jose Round Table Pizza and lives to tell about it
I think r/theDonald is imploding.
Michelle Obama's HEARTBREAKING Speech: 'This Is Not Something That We Can Ignore.'
How to Move Beyond the Two-Party System
I Went to a Trump Rally Expecting Violence, What I Found Was Quiet Desperation
Elizabeth Warren in Raleigh: 'Nasty women vote in North Carolina'
How Would Trump Deport 11 Million People? Think About It.
The 2016 Democratic Party Platform  To The Left
It's Time To Seriously Look At Hillary's Policy Agenda
The poor and the middle class need jobs, jobs, and more jobs
Authoritarianism: The political science that explains Trump.
Trump supporter tells CBS: He will make America great again like it was before the homosexuals
Republicans work to fool young women about Republican core values.
Hillary Clinton Will [Almost Certainly
Nate Silver Explains Just How Bad Donald Trump's Night Actually Was
Remember When Mike Pence Said Smoking Doesnt Kill?
WikiLeaks Trolls Trump World
Sexual assault allegations against Donald Trump: 12 women say he groped, kissed, or assaulted them
The Russian Hack of U.S. Election Systems is About Delegitimizing, Not Changing, the Result, and It Feeds Trump Vote-Rigging Claim
The Left Must Do More to Support Women in the Muslim World
Trump Seems To Question, Yet Again, Whether Obama Is A Legitimate President
Woman accuses Donald Trump of groping her at 1998 tennis tournament
Trump Admits to Relationship with Putin in 2013
Peter Thiel, who gave $1.25m to Trump, has called date rape 'belated regret'
7-year-old girl with disabilities escorted out of Trump rally
A Grave Desecrated, PRIDE Parade Threatened. Racist Attacks. We Must Reject Trump, Soundly.
The Hideous, Diabolical Truth About Hillary Clinton [SATIRE
Ginsburg on Kaepernick protests: 'I think it's dumb and disrespectful'
The Job Market Will Be Solid On Election Day
Most Powerful Political Ads against Donald Trump | HEARTBREAKING
An evidence-based, voter-approved policy agenda for education
Marijuana legalization is leading in every state where its on the ballot this November
Why Americans Feel Poor, in One Chart - Bloomberg View
Barely Anyone Came to Curt Schillings Trump Rally at Boston City Hall.
The Fury and Failure of Donald Trump | "Win, lose or drop out, the Republican nominee has laid waste to the American political system. On the trail for the last gasp of the ugliest campaign in our nation's history"
Unable to control himself, Trump confirms everyone's worst fears
Donald Trump Is Going to Tear Everything Down With Him: Sunday's debate shows he has nothing left but anger and a lust for revenge.
Donald Trumps timing hits Paul Ryan right where it hurts (again)
10 People Who Say Trump Has Cheated Them Out of Money
Kansas cited the worst Supreme Court decision of all time to defend its anti-abortion law
Warren attacks 'selfish little sleaze ball' Trump
Harry Reid to FBI director Comey: "You may have broken the law"
Beyond Clinton & Sanders: The Task of the Democratic Party
Building Power to Win: Organizing Versus Mobilizing - Jane McAlevey
The Progressive Tax Reform You've Never Heard Of
Legendary Antiwar Activist and SDS Organizer Tom Hayden Dies at 76
In the End, I Guess I'm With Her: Lessons for the 2016 election from Franklin Delano Roosevelt.
Watch "Don't Be a Sucker!, the 1947 US Government Anti-Hatred Film Thats Relevant Again in 2016
ACLU & HRW Call to Decriminalize Drug Use & Possession After Documenting Arrests Every 25 Seconds
Could Rising Insurance Premiums Eradicate Unlawful Police Conduct?
Video: Progress is on the ballot
I've always felt it was odd that gun control was a progressive issue...
Clinton Voters Aren't Just Voting Against Trump
The Illuminating but Unsurprising Content of Clintons Paid Speeches
Go Midwest, Young Hipster
Trump loyalist plans to send army of supporters to inner cities on election day: Roger Stone plans to run an exit poll of minority voters
Judge rules against riot charge for "Democracy Now!" host Amy Goodman
What Elizabeth Warren Really Wants From Hillary Clinton
Presidential debate: Donald Trump made a mockery of democracy in his second matchup with Hillary Clinton
Michael Moore Reveals Surprise Donald Trump Film, Opening In New York City Tomorrow!!!
Trump Campaign Leaders Made Movies Comparable to Nazi Propaganda
Bernie Sanders: If His Staffs Email Were Hacked, There Would Surely Be Some Unkind Things About Clinton
Over a Third of Trump Supporters Follow White Nationalists on Twitter, Research Finds
Here's what the Electoral College map would look like if only millennials voted
Review: Michael Moore in TrumpLand Isnt About Donald Trump
Tic Tac Denounces Donald Trump
Trump Supporter Pulls A Gun On Black Lives Matter Protesters In Portland [VIDEO
Bernie Sanders taps his donor network to raise nearly $2 million in two days for House, Senate contenders
RIP, Tom Hayden (1939-2016)
Warren Campaigns With Clinton With Eye on Curbing Wall Street
Trump Used Foundation Funds for 2016 Run, Filings Suggest
It takes a village to raise a misogynistic monster like Donald Trump
More Trump tapes surface with crude sex remarks
Whoops: Pro-Donald Trump super PAC publishes donor credit card numbers
Whatever Is Actually In Trumps Tax Returns Is Worse Than What The New York Times Says
Trump Says Appointing Anti-Choice Judges Will "Automatically" Overturn Roe v. Wade If He's Elected
Gary Johnson supports: Citizens United, TPP, Fracking, KeystoneXL. Gary Johnson opposes: any Government Action on Climate Change, Any Minimum Wage, Any Gun Control, Net Neutrality, Obamacare, Financial Regulation, any Corporate Tax, Paid Maternity or Medical Leave
What To Do When Faced With Voter Intimidation
We Raised $2.4 Million to Take Back Congress. #ThanksPaul
Split Over Donald Trump Threatens to Tilt Republican States
White armed occupiers were acquitted. Native American activists were tear gassed
State of the Race with HFA Campaign Manager Robby Mook | Hillary Clinton
Bernie Sanders Delegate on Wikileaks, Hillary Clinton, and Strategic Voting
The Trump And Clinton Campaigns Finally Had A Substantive Climate Debate
Why Jorge Ramos Took on Trump
Hate Rising with Jorge Ramos (Preview)
Wal-Mart's Wage Experiment Works ... for Workers - Bloomberg View
A Plan That Can Help Millions
College Democrats of Massachusetts Endorses Question 3
Another Deadly Drone Mistake: At What Point Do We Say Enough?
Watching Judgement At Nurenburg, again.
Arlie Russell Hochschild on "Strangers in Their Own Land: Anger and Mourning on the American Right"
Donald Trump Walks Out of Interview After Being Questioned on Racism (Video)
The Six Main Reasons Why The Times Tax Story Could Be Devastating For Trump
Michelle Obama Gives Powerful Speech Roasting Trump For Predatory Comments
Trump's Tax Plan: A Million-Dollar Giveaway to the 0.1%
This Quiz Predicts Whether You Love or Hate Trump 1.Where does Bacon come from? 2.What sport is played in Dodger Stadium? 3. True or false: Dinosaurs such as Tyrannosaurus lived at the same time as early humans.
DOJ Complaint Filed Against FBI Director James Comey For Interfering In Presidential Election
America Deserves an Apology from the Republican Party for Giving Us Trump
Trump Jr. Suggested Women Who Can't Take Harassment "Don't Belong In The Workforce"
Some of the Offensive Things Donald Trump Said on Howard Stern's Show.
The GOPs Walking Dead: After the GOP's 2012 autopsy, its corpse has returned, shambling about in a mindless rage and spreading terror.
Bridgegate Witness Says Cuomo and Christie Discussed Cover Story
Sanders: My Emails Would Be Just As Harsh About Clinton
Elizabeth Warren: 'Donald Trump is disconnected from reality'
Another Trump Son Appears On Program With Ties To White Nationalist
Ryan calls off plans to campaign with Trump; GOP-ers rush to distance themselves
Trump throws GOP into chaos
Donald Trump: 'You can do anything' to women when you're famous
Exclusive investigation: Donald Trump campaigner boasted of 'suppressing' African American and 'suburban mom' voters
Armed Trump Supporter Stands Outside Democrat's Office For 12 Hours
Donald Trump's Pants on Fire claim of 'large scale voter fraud'
A veteran spy has given the FBI information alleging a Russian operation to cultivate Donald Trump
Hate Rising with Jorge Ramos: From the KKK To Donald Trump's Neo-Fascists
Why Russia Wants the U.S. to Believe the Election Is Being Hacked
Trump took $17 million for hurricane damage that staff, officials do not recall
Don't attack lawyers who defend criminals
Who Controls Our Schools? How Billionaire-Sponsored Privatization is Destroying Democracy and Enriching The Charter School Industry
When Donald Trump gets in a hole, he just keeps digging. And digging. And digging.
North Carolina lost out on a $250 million business expansion because of its 'bathroom law'
Donald Trump's companies destroyed or hid documents in defiance of court orders
Trump No Longer Really Running for President. The Donalds real political goal is to make it impossible for Hillary Clinton to govern.
Obama To GOP: 'Don't Act Like This Started With Donald Trump'
Rush Limbaugh's Own Fans Turn On Him When He Fails To Understand Basic Science
Holder & Obama Aim at 2020
Trump Backer Peter Thiel Belatedly Apologizes for Once Writing that Rape Can Be 'Delayed Regret'
Election Update: There Are 4 Ways This Election Can End  And 3 Involve Clinton Winning
Captain Khan
What Differentiates White-Collar Criminals From Other Executives? A Q&A With Eugene Soltes -
Ok So Can We Talk About The Issues
The New Election Laws and the Suits Challenging Them - The Big Picture [ Repubs STEALING Election TODAY 
This Is The Best Book To Help You Understand The Wild 2016 Campaign
Trumpcast - Donald Trump Is A Lot Of Things, But Is A Fascist One Of Them?
Slate's Trumpcast - Jacob Weisberg vs Adam Liptak: An Assault on the Rule of Law
Donald Trump: The Frankenstein's Monster of the US Elite | Owen Jones Talks...
The Video Defense About Her Emails Hillary Clinton Never Gave
Where Do Clinton and Trump Have the Most Upside?
Poll says most in US back globalisation: Trumps call for rewrite of trade deals appeals to only a minority in America
A Former Occupy Boston Activist Is Trying His Hand at Big Government. Disillusioned supporters of Sanders might take heart at the example of a candidate like Connolly.
Intercept Reporter Confronts Justice Kennedy About Citizens United
Five Years After the Brooklyn Bridge Arrests, the Occupy Wall Street Worth Remembering
Surveys of Consumers [ Sept 2017 - Consumer Sentiment: 91.2, Consumer Expectations: 82.7, ( HIGH ) -- Won't Be On Fox "Business" 
"Guns don't kill people, toddlers kill people." "Lock them up." "Deport them." Striking new gun control ad
Did Paul Ryan just hand Democrats the Senate?
Paul Krugman Exposes the Real Reason Trump (and Ryan) Are Trash-Talking America
Minorities and immigrants appreciate, in a way the rest of us do not, the magnitude of the danger, that is Donald J. Trump.
Paul Ryan Booed Offstage In Wisconsin Because He Uninvited Trump
Trump's Bill Clinton Rape Lies Just Fell Apart As Accuser's Sworn Affidavit Surfaces
More questionable footage of Trump's comments on women; In an Entertainment Tonight Christmas feature in 1992, Trump looked at a group of young girls and said he would be dating one of them in ten years. At the time, Trump would have been 46 years old.
First grader beaten on school bus for being Muslim | "The parents of the first grader said he was beaten by five students on a school bus, allegedly while they made references to Muslims and the boys Pakistani heritage."
Trumps supporters talk rebellion, assassination at his rallies
The Rudy Guiliani interview, in which a man who stomped on his own glasses calls Trump a genius for not paying taxes.
How Comcast Muscled Its Way Out of Negative Political Ads: As if you needed another reason to despise the telecom company.
Trump's Casino Bankruptcies Cost His Employees Millions in Retirement Savings
Dave Daubenmire: We Cannot Vote For Hillary Clinton Because Women Are Not To Have Authority Over Men
Why For-Profit Education Fails: Moguls good intentions too often betray them.
What Mike Pence thinks vs. What Donald Trump says
Two Women Say Donald Trump Touched Them Inappropriately
Donald Trump Joins Bill O'Reilly: Unshackled Is Just Another Word For Unhinged
Donald Trump Can't Shut Down New York Times Tax-Leak Showing He Lost Nearly $1 Billion In 1995
Gun store runs ad saying it wont sell to Muslims, Clinton supporters
Paul Ryan Uses Bernie Sanders As the ULTIMATE Scare Tactic
Indiana officials are trying to block almost 45,000 black citizens from voting
RNC In Legal Trouble Over Trump Call For Poll-Watchers, in violation of federal consent decree, | Rachel Maddow | MSNBC
Sanders: Despite Clinton's Wall Street speeches, I support Dem platform
North Carolina Republicans Tried to Disenfranchise a 100-Year-Old African-American Woman
Megyn Kelly Politely Annihilates Newt Gingrich For Defending Donald Trump Against Sexual Assault Allegations
Americas Therapists Are Worried About Trumps Effect On Your Mental Health
Federal judge swipes at Scotts political poppycock, extends Fla. voter registration deadline
Donald Trump rants about tax returns bombshell on Twitter but doesn't deny anything
Worst-Case Trump: What if losing the election only makes him stronger?
Florida: Almost 4 million votes in and 8 days to go
I want to economically support liberal states with my purchasing power. What are some of the best products for different categories to do this?
"How do I protect myself if Trump is elected?"
Bernie Sanderss Hopes and Regrets
Election Update: Why Our Model Is More Bullish Than Others On Trump
Law enforcement officials fired at an unmanned aircraft and a group of Dakota Access pipeline opponents twice blocked a North Dakota state highway Sunday, capping a weekend of protests
Jorge Ramos Wants You To Know What Makes Trump So Dangerous
A progressive political alliance for Europe
Anyone here in Colorado? We need help to stop a heavy gas exploration/fracking project in a pristine mountain area with the highest collection of organic and family farms in the state (North Fork Valley). 95% of BLM land is set to be opened up for development. Please help out and spread the word.
Should I donate through ActBlue?
An Attempt At Funding Fascism
Slate's Trumpcast - Democracy Spawns A Tyrant
Donald Trump Underage Girl Dating Remarks (1992 video)
How a Trump-like candidate could emerge from the Left
Time to fix our crumbling infrastructure
Trump Loyalists Planned Voter Intimidation Using Fake ID Badges, Fake Exit Polling -- Until HuffPost Asked Them About It
Ryan Plans To Steamroll Democrats With Budget Tool: While GOP Leaders Have Made Threats In The Past To Use Reconciliation To Repeal Obamacare, Ryan Is Making It Clear He Plans To Use It When It Counts.
Why aren't the Dems using this opportunity to get new voting machines and otherwise fix many of the election day issues we have been having for years now?
Trump Foundation ordered to stop fundraising by N.Y. attorney generals office
The Danger of False Equivalency
Privilege Helps Men but Not Women Get Fancy Jobs. A researcher who sent hundreds of fake rsums to law firms found that hiring managers were most impressed by male applicants who indicated a passion for polo and sailing.
Clinton has double-digit lead in new national poll
Muslim Americans Respond To A Caustic Campaign By Raising Money And Mobilizing
How U.S. Torture Left Legacy of Damaged Minds
How Half Of America Lost Its F**king Mind
New polling shows Democrats really could take back the House, so we're making more endorsements
Plane crew almost lets man die because they refuse to believe black woman is a doctor. | Workplace
Mike Pence repeatedly denies Trump statements during VP debate
Des Moines Woman Says She Voted Twice For Trump Because "The Polls Are Rigged"
A Great Fight of Our Times: Stagnation is the reality for much of the population.
Man Arrested & Punched for Sitting on His Front Porch
Donald Trump tape throws Republican politics into chaos
VP Debate Reminds Americans How Extreme the Rest of the Republican Party Is
Cruz: We May Block Supreme Court Forever
Trump Supporters Are Already Promising To Intimidate Nonwhite Voters On Election Day
Elizabeth Warrens Power On The Rise
Meet Kyle Thompson, the Knightsbridge Risk Management employee that was disguised as a Standing Rock water protector
How Post-Watergate Liberals Killed Their Populist Soul - The Atlantic
The Hillary Clinton "scandal involving Morocco, explained
TIL we have a bunch of Progressive CA ballot propositions
Declining support for Common Core oversimplifies public opinion on common standards
Trump says U.S. officials letting in illegal immigrants so they can vote
Make America Hated Again!
32+ New Honest Election Resource Links  CSOonlines new site of technical election hacking stories, Open Source Election Technology resources links, PA updates
Suburban White Women Weigh Their Options In A Bizarre Election
Trump's breathtaking repudiation of American democracy
Trump's Tax Records Show He May Have Understated His Salary by Millions to the IRS
Gary Johnson Has Been A Champion Of Private Prisons Throughout His Career
How Stronger Unions Could Fix Our Economy  And Our Politics
Indiana Officials Target A Black Voter Registration Drive On A Technicality
Union Asks Court to Reverse Wal-Mart Trespassing Order
Latino voter registration sees big surge in Georgia
A Tale of Two Standoffs: The federal response to Lakota protests against the Dakota Access Pipeline couldnt be more different than their reaction to this years Bundy occupation.
White Supremacist David Duke Qualifies for Senate Debate
David Duke Letter Urges Louisianans To Support Trump-Duke Ticket
How the White Helmets Became International Heroes While Pushing U.S. Military Intervention and Regime Change in Syria
Militia group calls on members to patrol polls on Election Day
Perils Of Eroded Civic Knowledge Forewarned | Rachel Maddow | MSNBC
Sexism and the U.S. Election | Sunday Talk
The deep disgust for Hillary Clinton that drives so many evangelicals to support Trump
Clinton leads Trump by 12 in new national poll
Taking Trump Voters Concerns Seriously Means Listening To What Theyre Actually Saying
5 Aspiring LGBT Politicians Share Their Coming-Out Stories
Economic mobility and racial inequities: How the next president can revive the American dream: The second in a series of live podcast tapings showcasing Brookings experts best ideas for the next president on October 19. This event will be live webcast.
Colombian Opposition to Peace Deal Feeds Off Gay Rights Backlash
Sanders Is Prepared To Be A Liberal Thorn In Clintons Side
Police in Riot Gear Begin to Remove Oil Pipeline Protesters
Clinton's lead now up to double digits, new NBC/WSJ poll shows
In a Time of Trump, Millennial Jews Awaken to Anti-Semitism: A new generation is experiencing an age-old hatred for the first time. But why has the Jewish right looked away?
Trump continues to blast Central Park Five long after they were exonerated: 'They admitted they were guilty'
Trump boasts about his philanthropy. But his giving falls short of his words.
FBI's Comey opposed naming Russians, citing election timing: Source
GOP will block Supreme Court nominees for Clinton, too: "I promise you that we will be united against any Supreme Court nominee that Hillary Clinton, if she were president, would put up," McCain said.
Donald Trump and the twin insurgency: Hes half plutocrat, half criminal and entirely ruthless
A Bunch Of Influential Progressives Just Gave Clinton Their Blessing
Religious Right Group Says Trumps Behavior Is The Result Of Progressive Culture
Economic Update: The Economics of Tax Avoidance
The Economy Is Improving, Yet These Voters Dont Trust The Data
 North Dakotas War on the First Amendment Threatens Everyones Right to Know
To what group should I donate in order to support progressive congressional candidates?
The Origin of the Trump Species
Paul Ryan Needs Trump More Than Trump Needs Ryan
[ Gullible 
Colombians Reject Peace Deal in Stunning Referendum, Advocates Cite Climate of "Intimidation & Fear"
Gerrymandering could cost Democrats the House in 2016. Why? Because it probably did in 2012
Americans are Embracing Bad Government Because They Don't Know History | "How did we get here? Well, Americans' knowledge of history is at an all-time low, so that might have something to do with it."
Emmett Till memorial in Mississippi is now pierced by bullet holes
Donald Trump's D.C. Hotel Shows His Brand Is Sinking Along With His Poll Numbers
Documentary film-makers face decades in prison for taping oil pipeline protests
Elizabeth Warren would trump Curt Schilling in US Senate race
"Underbanked" Report Shows Need For Postal Banking
How Deep Will 2016's Blue Wave Be? Progressives Push Many Candidates and Issues Up and Down Political Ladder
Kansas Ends Bad Economic News by Not Reporting It
Longtime Progressive Activist Tom Hayden Dies At 76
Bernie Sanders Is Running a Shadow Campaign
How Pharmaceutical Companies Are Keeping Americans From Doing Something The Government Says They Can Do
You Say Vote
Paul Ryan Attacked Bernie Sanders. It Backfired Spectacularly.
North Carolina Republicans Just Admitted They've Been Illegally Hiding Ballots
Not a Tea Party, a Confederate Party
America Is Turning Into a Confederacy of Dunces: Why is Donald Trump within a whisker of the White House? Two-thirds of the country cant even name the three branches of government.
State lawmakers attempt to prevent immigrants from marrying is affecting U.S. citizens, too
Fox News O'Reilly Segment 'Watters' World' Utterly Racist Chinatown Edition
Want to save America? Read your local paper.
Oregon wildlife refuge occupiers cleared
Central Park Five's Yusef Salaam: Donald Trump Needs to Be Fired from Running for President
Capitalism Rewards Evil and Not The Truly Innovative Inventors of Society
The Man Behind the Tapes That Could Sink the Donald
What Drives Trump Supporters?: Sociologist Arlie Russell Hochschild On Anger & Mourning Of The Right
Its Paul Ryan Versus Bernie Sanders, and Sanders Is Winning
Texas students walk out of class after professor says all people descended from Africa
AT&Ts Merger Could Be A Bad Sign For The Economy
The Election That Mattered: Daley makes the case that if you dont understand what happened in 2010, you dont understand something fundamental about why American politics is the way it is today.
Republicans Abandon Fox News: Roger Ailes Has Turned GOP Voters from Their Favorite Channel
New Rule: The Danger of False Equivalency | Real Time with Bill Maher
White Americans by large numbers disapprove of athletes protesting during the playing of "The Star-Spangled Banner," according to a new poll. Black Americans approve of the protests by even wider margins
Amy Goodman Is Facing Prison for Reporting on the Dakota Access Pipeline. That Should Scare Us All
The government is appealing a federal judge's decision to temporarily block an Obama administration directive on bathroom rights for transgender students in public schools nationwide
The alcohol industry is bankrolling ads to scare you about legal pot
Insider reveals deceptive strategy behind Floridas solar amendment
Ben Carson to Host: Cut her mic off.
Trump's response to People reporter's claim is that she wasn't "hot enough" for him to grope
Elizabeth Warren Calls Out Senate Republicans' Hypocrisy On Trump
Mike Pence: Trump is still standing stronger than ever Pence lashed out at the media. Invariably, theyll say, this time we got him. This time we found that theres another tweet come out or something,
The Kansas Experiment Continues Collapse: Revenue Off By Nearly $45M. Pay Attention, America.
Too many people face unmanageable debt. The cure is trade unions
Militia Groups and the Rigged Election
Bernie Sanders in Flagstaff: Arizona is a 'battleground state'
Could The Return Of Glass- Steagall Prevent Wells Fargo-Style Debacles?
As the Trumptanic goes down, which GOP leaders get out alive?
One of the largest evangelical college ministries in the U.S. has asked any staff members who support same-sex relationships to quit, a move critics call a purge and supporter laud as an affirmation of true Christianity
Amazingly, there is no federal law against gun trafficking
Blackwater Founder Erik Prince Loves Anti-Iraq War Donald Trump: Trump may brag about how strong his dubious opposition to the Iraq War was, but one of its most famous villains loves him.
Report: How privatization increases inequality
NYT: As ID Laws Fall, Voters See New Barriers Rise
Americas right-wingers talk fervently about protecting the Constitution but seem to have little understanding of what the Federalist framers were doing in creating a powerful central government
Three men have been charged with plotting to bomb Somali immigrants at an apartment building and mosque in the US state of Kansas
The developer of the Dakota Access oil pipeline said Tuesday that the dozens of protesters who have camped on company-owned land since the weekend are trespassing and that "lawless behavior will not be tolerated"
The long-running dispute over the Dakota Access oil pipeline expanded to private land recently purchased by the pipeline builders, with protesters who say the area rightfully belongs to Native Americans setting up camp and vowing to stay put until the project is stopped
Disenfranchised by Bad Design - There is in fact a widespread problem with ballots in the United States: theyre often horribly designed.
Revealed: 6 People Who Corroborate Natasha Stoynoff's Story of Being Attacked by Donald Trump
Danny Elfman composes original score for Donald Trump stalking Hillary Clinton at the debate and it's terrifying
Confessions of a Gun Range Worker
President of Iowa Republican women's group resigns over Trump
How to Build a Democratic Majority That Lasts
Next Renewable Energy: Burning Forests, if Senators Get Their Way -- The presidents Clean Power Plan is being fought by 28 states, and a bipartisan group of senators who want burning wood for electricity to be considered carbon neutral.
New York teachers march to state capital to demand more funding for public schools: Public school teachers say New York needs to make good on its promise to equitably fund its schools.
Tempers reached boiling point during a sale of baked goods at the University of Texas last week when the Young Conservatives student group attempted to sell cookies, varying prices according to race
A million Ohio voters didn't get absentee ballot mailing
Will the U.S. Presidential Election Be Rigged?
Exclusive investigation: Donald Trump faces foreign donor fundraising scandal. Key supporters were prepared to accept illicit donations from foreign backers
CNN's President Says It Was A Mistake To Air So Many Trump Rallies And "Let Them Run"
Possible Election Day problems worry civil rights advocates
An appeals court has just thrown a bit of a spanner into the works at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, ruling that the entire control structure of the bureau is itself unconstitutional
Calling All Wells Fargo Whistleblowers! | naked capitalism
What About the Planet? Our two major political parties are at odds on many issues, but nowhere is the gap bigger or more consequential than on climate.
Amid Media Blackout over Climate Change Links to Hurricane Matthew, Top Scientist Speaks Out
Armed Trump Supporters 'Protest' Outside Virginia Democrat's Campaign Office [VIDEO
Study Confirms Network Evening Newscasts Have Abandoned Policy Coverage For 2016 Campaign
Trump Goes Full Alex Jones: Hillary Secretly Meets With "International Bankers" To "Destroy" The U.S.
Whats Behind the Netflix CEOs Fight to Charterize Public Schools?
The voter registration deadline is THIS week for 20+ states. Check your state and register now!
Republicans hacked, skimmed NRSC donations sent to Russian domain
A conservative Christian organization has filed a federal lawsuit challenging a new Massachusetts law that prohibits discrimination against transgender people in public restrooms
If You Live In One Of These States, You Need To Register To Vote By Tomorrow
Increasing numbers of teachers are finding themselves in a situation not dissimilar to that facing many cab drivers today.
80 Evangelical Christian Leaders Denounce 'Morally Unacceptable' Donald Trump
The Planned Parenthood Shooting Survivors Finally Speak Out: The workers who survived the 2015 shooting can't tell you their names - but they want you to know their story.
Dear Mr. Trump and Mr. Putin, I am not Sidney Blumenthal
The Movement to End Racist Voting Laws
Democrats sue Donald Trumps campaign in four states for voter suppression: They also point the finger at state Republican parties and Trump ally Roger Stone
The sad decline of baseball hero Curt Schilling: From bloody sock to Breitbart
How One 19-Year-Old Illinois Man Is Distorting National Polling Averages
As Tensions Rise, Tribes Protesting Pipeline Dig In: Were Staying -- As dozens more protesters were arrested, Native Americans in North Dakota prepared for a long fight over the Dakota Access pipeline.
David Sirota predicted the rise in popularity of candidates like Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump in an extremely clairvoyant speech 8 years ago.
Trump, companies accused of mistreating women in at least 20 lawsuits
How Hostile Poll-Watchers Could Hand Pennsylvania to Trump
McCain Literally Flees Reporter Asking About His Controversial Remarks
18 U.S. Code  2385 - Advocating overthrow of Government
Police fatally shot a woman in Austin, Texas, early Sunday after her husband placed a mental health call because he was worried about his wife's behavior
First and Foremost, the Wells Fargo Scandal is about Workers
Trump's organization did business with Iranian bank later linked to terrorism
More than 20 people have been arrested at a North Dakota construction site while protesting the Dakota Access pipeline
The problem is your candidate: Ultra-conservative Fox host explodes over Trumps losing campaign
A Flint resident is asking for a grand jury investigation of Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder's decision to use at least $2 million in state funds for his legal representation related to criminal probes of the city's water crisis
David Cay Johnston- The Making of Donald Trump. Johnston looks back at some of the key moments in Trump's life, such as the time he witheld medical treatment from a seriously ill baby over a personal feud.
Americans dont know crime has plummeted. In fact, they think its gone up.
Black Judges in Voting Dispute Recall Civil Rights Fight
Calculate How Your Political Views Compare With Those Of The Presidential Candidates Using This Tool Made By Political Scientists
Sheriff Joe Arpaio may finally go to jail because of racial profiling practices
Exclusive documents show a Wells Fargo employee informed the bank of fake customer accounts in 2006
Nevada elections chief refuses to accommodate Native Americans who have to drive 200 miles to vote
A City Clerk Refused to Put Voting Site on Campus Because 'Students Lean More Toward the Democrats'
Construction on the four-state Dakota Access pipeline will resume on private land in North Dakota that's near a camp where thousands of protesters supporting tribal rights have gathered for months, the company building it said Tuesday
Conservatives Against Democracy - Trumps rigged election claims arent new. The conservative movement has waged a war on electoral democracy since its inception.
Michelle Obama rekindles message of 'hope' to turn Arizona blue
Illinois suspends business with Wells Fargo
Four Superpolluters Are Near One Indiana City
The crowdsourcing goal was modest: $5,000, enough to help a few dozen people camping in North Dakota to protest the nearby construction of the four-state Dakota Access oil pipeline. The fund has since topped a staggering $1 million
Mother Jones: "I went undercover with a militia on the US-Mexico border. Heres what I saw." These are the people fighting against the progressive movement.
Were Kansas White Terrorists Self-Radicalized? or was it Trumpism?
North Carolina faces lawsuits over long voting lines and last-minute voter purges
A 90-Year-Old Woman Whos Voted Since 1948 Was Disenfranchised by Wisconsins Voter-ID Law
Police Accountability: Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (HBO)
Kansas collected $45m less than expected in September, adding to budget shortfall
Nine Native American tribes seek to shorten 200 mile trip to early vote
Judge Rules Pence Cannot Refuse Federal Funds For Syrian Refugees
Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio officially charged with criminal contempt
Elizabeth Warren Asks Obama To Fire Top Wall Street Regulator For 'Brazen Conduct' [ Yeah, No, We're Not The Same. 
The chairman of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe criticized the local and state government response to Dakota Access Pipeline protests Saturday, saying he is considering a class action lawsuit over use of force
Chicago Cops Who Broke "Code of Silence" to Report Police Drug Gang Face Deadly Retaliation
Supreme Court Hears Death Penalty Case Where Texas Argued Being Black = More Violent
White House urges ban on non-compete agreements for many workers
Full Frontal Presidential Interviews: Barack Obama | Full Frontal with Samantha Bee | TBS
Happy Halloween, Paul Ryan!
Bundy Verdict Puts a Target on the Backs of Federal Workers
The vengeful world of Donald Trump, and why it matters
Burr added: "And if Hillary Clinton becomes president, I am going to do everything I can do to make sure four years from now, we still got an opening on the Supreme Court." Burr boasted that he is responsible for the "longest judicial vacancy in history"
Dakota Access protesters say they were held in dog kennels following mass arrests
American women are ending pregnancies with medication almost as often as with surgery, marking a turning point for abortion in the United States
Michael Moore In TrumpLand: "Human Molotov Cocktail"
Oil Prices Slammed By Higher OPEC Exports And Stronger Dollar [ Stronger Dollar and EU Austerity's Ultra-low Interest Rates means Yellen has NO ROOM for Rate Increase. 
Regional Drought Monitor - SouthEast [ Repub Global Warming Denier IRONY - Repub States in Drought. 
What Does Trumps Candidacy Say About Our Capacity for Good and Evil? | Eric Kandel
This Is Important
Bargaining On A Revolution?
What Happens When the Police Misidentify You as the Dallas Shooter
NRB approves final phase of Wisconsin public land sales
Lessons from Roosevelt: The Past of the Democratic Party
Progressive Alternatives and National Projects
Saul Alinsky: Brilliant, Epic Conversation on Revolution
Tamar Gendler: An Introduction to the Philosophy of Politics and Economics
"Vote for Them" by Slam Poet Carlos Andrs Gmez
Texas on trial for using fictional character in death penalty cases: The US state of Texas has come under fire for its use of a character from "Of Mice and Men" in determining if defendants are mentally ill. The so-called "Lennie Standard" has put several men on death row
Donald Trump's ghostwriter on being the 'Dr Frankenstein' who made a monster. If he were writing The Art of the Deal today, hed call it The Sociopath instead.
Cuts in Food Stamps & Sanctions on Russia Ruin American Farmers
If you had a 5 minute meeting with President Obama and his wife, what would you say and/or ask?
Pikettys housing capital results: New US facts
This Quiz Can Mean Life Behind Bars
Putting Family Policy on the Governing Agenda
Sanders calls Trump a 'political coward' over voter suppression report
Mark Kirk Makes Racist Dig at Tammy Duckworth During Illinois Senate Debate
The Naked Truth: Trumpland
Why local papers are essential for lasting political change
The fetishisation of work is making us miserable. Lets learn to live again. Long hours and poor pay are wreaking havoc on our lives. Rather than fixating on growth, if we restructured the working week it would allow people to flourish.
The Progressive Tax Reform You've Never Heard Of
28 Days in Chains - In this federal prison, inmates have a choice: live with a violent cellmate or end up in shackles.
Election Update: Where Are The Undecided Voters?
Senate Update: GOP Candidates Are Doing Better Than Trump  And May Still Lose
Defense secretary orders Pentagon to stop collecting California National Guard bonus repayments
Inside a Right-Wing Militia's Border Security Operation
Europes Traditional Left Is In A Death Spiral. Even If You Dont Like The Left, This Is A Problem.
How to Support Standing Rock and Confront What It Means to Live on Stolen Land
Delaware has its own Donald Trump Mini-Me
Fearing Trump, Bar Association Stifles Report Calling Him a Libel Bully
Michael Moore Talks About Hillary Clinton, His New Film, and More
Whos Behind The Dating Site That Accused Julian Assange Of Pedophilia?
Gary Younge, America's Deserving and Undeserving Dead Children
Tom Hayden [Extended Interview
Tom Hayden, Civil Rights and Antiwar Activist Turned Lawmaker, Dies at 76
The 'Stain' Of Sticking With Donald Trump To The End | Morning Joe | MSNBC
Debt, Diversion, Distraction
The shame and the glory: Long voting lines
What are the progressive issues of the future?
President Barack Obama will make a late splash into races for state senate and assembly over the next week, endorsing roughly 150 candidates across 20 states. He'll also back a candidate for the North Carolina Supreme Court.
What Would Happen if Countries Had Open Borders? | Borders
Senate Update: The Last Week Has Been Very Kind To Democrats' Hopes For A Majority
Hate Rising Premieres Sunday @10P EST
Doomsayers Keep Getting It Wrong on Higher Minimum Wages
Getting to Grips with the Trump Phenomenon
Moody's Corp,parent of ratings agency Moody's Investor Services, said on Friday the U.S. Justice Department was preparing a civil complaint against the company, alleging violations of federal law in the run-up to the financial crisis
In several key states, the early vote has shifted heavily to the Democrats since 2012
Sherrod Brown treated for minor injuries after car crash
Understanding Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton's Health Care Reform Proposals
Immigration in America Isnt What the Politicians Tell You
"Let's Dare To Win" - Straight Talk to Millenial Progressive Activists at Rutgers University
Progressive Representation for the Hudson Valley
Can You Carry a Gun to a Polling Place? As Trump riles up his supporters, a look at what constitutes illegal voter intimidation
The Looniest Economic Fantasies of the Third Debate Came From Chris Wallace. When it came to economic questions, the final debate was organized as an argument for austerity policies that fail everyone but the one percent.
North Carolina slashed their early voting hours and now this is what the lines look like: The state could decide both the presidential election and control of the Senate.
Paul Krugman: The Real Reason Clinton Is Winning Is Not What the Pundits Tell You
Five teenagers charged in vandalism of historic black schoolhouse in Ashburn, Virginia
Celia's Story of Working for Donald Trump
Donald Trump's national political director takes step back from campaign; Another blow to the Trump campaign
What Went Down In The Third Presidential Debate - 538
Syrian Refugee Admissions and Resettlement in the United States: In Brief [ Yes, They're Vetted, Heavily Vetted Today. 
The State of American Jobs: How the shifting economic landscape is reshaping work and society and affecting the way people think about the skills and training they need to get ahead
California launches criminal probe into Wells Fargo account scandal
The New York City Council is set to introduce legislation that would significantly curtail the police departments practice of displacing families and closing businesses over alleged criminal activity before the accused have had their day in court
How the 'Losers' in Americas Trade Policies Got Left Behind
Anti-Pipeline Encampment to Move From Federal to Tribal Land
Why 27 Million Are Still Uninsured Under Obamacare
When the Affordable Care Acts health insurance marketplace opens in two weeks, many consumers will have a new option for the laws fourth open-enrollment period: standardized health plans that cover basic services without a deductible
When an Election Damages Democracy
What Does It Mean to Be Trans? A Q&A on Rogers Brubaker's New Book - The Atlantic
National groups spar over South Dakota ballot measure: Initiative to revamp campaign finance, ethics oversight in state becomes fault line for national debate
The Lucrative Road From Congress to Corporate Boards
The US Filed a WTO Dispute to Save Jobsby Increasing Imports from China: Heres Why
This Las Vegas Gun Store Is Banking on a Clinton Victory: A Pre-Hillary assault rifle sale may be a preview of things to come
The Old Debt and Entitlement Charade
John McCain points to indefinite Supreme Court blockade
Overtime with Bill Maher: TPP, Anger Management, Progressive Priorities
Trump businesses down in September, even before the infamous tape leak
Adrian Gonzalez wouldn't stay with Dodgers at a Trump hotel in Chicago
Democrats eye their own Koch-style machine
'Trump-Emboldened,' 'Racist' Crowds Feed An Exodus At The Second City In Chicago
The Koch Connection in the Scott Walker John Doe Documents
Blame Big Pharma [Full Debate
Statement Regarding the NAACP's Resolution on a Moratorium on Charter Schools
Breaking: ND Prosecutor Seeks "Riot" Charges Against Amy Goodman For Reporting On Pipeline Protest
How British anti-racist group infiltrated the Ku Klux Klan: Investigation by Hope Not Hate finds police officers among members of Loyal White Knights, names of expelled race traitors and links to violence
Why is it so hard to vote in America? - The Big Picture
Half of Trump Supporters Dont Believe Economic Data
A GOP Strategist Explains Why The Republican Party Is About To Break in Two
Canada Thinks We Need Some Cheering Up, So They Tell America It's Great
Land With Longest Stretch of Negative Rates Finds Rich Are Getting Richer Faster: A report by the Danish Economic Council says low rates have deepened inequality
It's Official: This Election Is Driving Americans Nuts
Florida's Supreme Court declares state death penalty law unconstitutional
Sanders Tweet on Drugmaker Ariads Greed Sends Stock Plunging
Compassion, Weakness, and the 2016 Election
These Words Have Been Tested By Science To Get You To Vote
An effort to erase the Confederate battle emblem from Mississippi's flag has failed because sponsors didn't collect enough signatures to put an initiative on the 2018 ballot
Is Trump's Rise a Result of America Declaring War on Institutions That Make Democracy Possible? | Democracy Now
What is a progressive?
Methane Emissions From Fossil Fuel Industry Dramatically Higher Than Previously Thought
Trump, Brexit, and the Future of Nationalist Populism in the US and Europe
Rethinking Populism | Dissent Magazine
Evening News Programs, USA Today Ignore Climate Change Context Of Hurricane Matthew
Sen. Elizabeth Warren goes on tirade after Wells Fargo CEO John Stumpf retires
Could this be a solution to our for profit prison culture and repeat offender problem?
Trump laments 'softer NFL rules' on concussions
An antiscience movement once limited mostly to the U.S. is gaining ground on the eastern side of the Atlantic
Were Witnessing Donald Trumps Meltdown Here, Folks | The Closer with Keith Olbermann | GQ
The G.O.P. Plan That Turned America Red
Trump Isn't Teflon
Will A World In Turmoil Actually Lead To World Peace?
Srdja Popovic - Revolution 101
Deeply Divided: Racial Politics and Social Movements in Post-War America
13TH | Official Trailer [HD
The New Rules of the Road: A Progressive Approach to Globalization
Standing Rock: A New Moment for Native-American Rights
"America Divided": New TV Series Explores Inequality from Water to Housing to Mass Incarceration
Senate Update: Clinton Is Surging, But Down-Ballot Democrats Are Losing Ground
Trump Is Retreating Into the Fringe Media's Far-Right Paranoid World as His Campaign Falls Apart. The darkest regions of the conservative media populated by a cranky collection of media outcasts, trolls, and bottom feeders.
Understanding Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton's Tax Plans
Illinois ends indiscriminate shackling of minors in courtrooms
Is Russia Our Enemy?
New Wells Fargo CEO Just Months Ago Denied the Bank Had a Sales Problem
Welcome to a world without work
The Financial Powers Behind the Dakota Access Pipeline Must Be Confronted
Missouri's working poor deserve better from lawmakers.
Mistrial Exposes Prosecutors' Challenges in Trying Police
White Woman Kneels Singing National Anthem During Preseason NBA Game
Going Local in the Fight Against Inequality
The Alt-Right Was Conjured Out of Pearl Clutching & Media Attention
Next step after working as a Field Organizer?
Austerity at all levels of government has created a teacher shortfall
What President Donald Trump Would Do On Day 1
Republicans struggle to relate to women through female relatives
Trump Knows Nothing About Russia, He Just Repeats Their Propaganda
Trump Again Pushes Conspiracy Theory That Other Communities Trying to Steal Election
No, Trump, Canadians do not flee en masse for US health care
Best Responses to the Trump Video
The House May Be in Play | RealClearPolitics
Campus Workers Unmask Scheme To Privatize All Tennessee Property
GenForward Poll: Half of black youth face job discrimination
Wishful Thinking: First Hundred Days after November 8
BREAKING: Trump Supporters Now Threatening KIDS Of Newsweek Reporter Who Exposed Trump (VIDEO)
A free market in tax is a grotesque reality
How to End the Death Penalty for Good
Two Native American tribes in Nevada have won an emergency court order in a federal lawsuit accusing the Republican secretary of state and two counties of discriminating against them under the Voting Rights Act
An Open Letter to Martha Raddatz and Anderson Cooper
NWHLs Harrison Browne is first transgender athlete in pro team sports
Authorities are investigating after a woman said she found a cross burning in her front yard and a racial slur written on her mobile home in western Kentucky
Judge ordered not to preside over cases involving Iranians because she is of Iranian descent herself
Offshore Shell Games 2016: The Use of Offshore Tax Havens by Fortune 500 Companies -- Overall, multinational corporations use tax havens to avoid an estimated $100 billion in federal income taxes each year.
Christian Times publishes falsified evidence of alleged electoral fraud plot
Medea Benjamin (Code Pink) on election & Saudi Arabia
Bill Straub: If you find the present state of American politics deplorable, you have McConnell to thank
Fixing student loansthe right way
Gov. Rick Scott says no to extending Florida voter-registration deadline
The Consequences of Top-Down Economics Are Not Accidental  But Theres Cause for Hope
A court in Chad told Exxon Mobil Corp. to pay a record fine of $74 billion, as well as $819 million in royalties it said the oil company owed to the state, according to a court document
Progress on health care will take hard work and bipartisan cooperation
Can the ambitions of the Paris Climate Agreement be met? -- Coping with climate change and delivering on development
Convicted coal baron: I am an American political prisoner -- Former Massey CEO Don Blankenship releases a 67-page booklet from federal prison
The democratization of technology
Most Welfare Dollars Don't Go Directly To Poor People Anymore
New documentary traces controversial history of policing in schools
The Oklahoma Supreme Court has thrown out another state law that would put new restrictions on abortion providers
How to get justice after the Wells Fargo scanda
IWillVote.com <= It took me 1 min to verify I am registered to vote. Please do the same if you are not sure!
The Class Dynamics in the Rise of Donald Trump
State of Unions in the Age of Bernie
Why Don't You Just Call the Cops?
Feds say they wont evict Dakota Access pipeline protest camp
UK: Major Trade Union Federation Endorses UBI
Harvard Study Finally Admits Drug Prices Are High Because Govt Grants Big Pharma A Monopoly
Warfare Queen
Sarah Silverman admits she made up wage gap story even after she called out specific employer.
Pandora's Iphone
Hillary Clinton strategist Bob Beckel called for WikiLeaks editor Julian Assange to be assassinated
Rand Paul Is Just a Handful of Votes Away From Auditing the Fed | RedState
Florida Governor Signs Bill Requiring Actual Criminal Charges Before Seizing Property
FBI Announcement
Hello r/all, CNN will be hosting a town hall tonight at 9PM for the Libertarian presidential nominees, Governors Gary Johnson and Bill Weld. They are running on a fiscally responsible, socially tolerant platform. Please tune in and remember to use the hashtag #JohnsonWeldCNN
Finally: University of Chicago Warns Freshmen Not to Expect Safe Spaces, Trigger Warnings
When Someone Tells You You're Wasting Your Vote...
A True Grassroots Candidate
How to close the wage gap
Johnson polling 15% among Midwest voters
This says it all.
Gary Johnson's response to the mass shooting in Orlando
Reporter who said "F**k it" and promoted legalization is facing 54 years in prison for running the Alaska Cannabis Club
Let Libertarian Gary Johnson debate Clinton and Trump
Let Gary Johnson debate
Cyanide and Happiness on age requirements
CNN to host town hall with Libertarian presidential candidates (X-post from /r/GaryJohnson)
/r/All, meet your 2016 Libertarian Party Presidential Nominee!
Paul Ryan says U.S. taxes on small businesses is 44.6 percent, versus 15 percent in Canada (Politifact Rating: TRUE)
TIL Trey Parker is a Libertarian
#letgarydebate
Gary Johnson on front page of cnn.com right now
New Utah Poll: Trump 29, Clinton 27, Johnson 26
Hillary Clinton speaking in support of video game censorship (2006).
CNNS Libertarian Party Town Hall was #1 in Cable News Last Night at 9PM
First ever nationally televised Libertarian party debate - April 1st on Fox Business
Shit just got real.
Gary Johnson polls at 13% in CNN/ORC National Poll
NYTimes Journalist who slams Johnson for ignorance is forced to issue corrections after incorrectly identifying what Aleppo is. Twice.
This feels awfully appropriate today
Google Searches for "Libertarian Party" Surge After Ted Cruz Drops Out
I'm tired of people saying voting libertarian is a waste of a vote. How could you vote for Clinton or Trump and say THAT isn't a wasted vote .
No Can Do Allison
Sign on my doctor's front entrance.
Mike Rowe to Bernie Sanders: Stop Telling Everyone College is The Only Thing
Clinton-Trump debate sites plan for a third podium
People claim I'm a hypocrite for being pro-privacy but celebratory when politicians and their supporters get hacked...
The Clinton Campaign Should Stop Denying That The Wikileaks Emails Aren't Validated; They Are And They're Real
If Bernie said this it would break the Reddit upvote button. Ron Paul's What If Speech
Trying to argue with a socialist about the current affairs in Venezuela
All Gary needs is 33.4% in the polls and he's the frontrunner. But first he needs to be included. Then we NEED to get his name out there. USE THE UPVOTE BUTTON!
Breaking: Reddit Users Break HUGE Clinton Email Story - Proving Hillary ORDERED Emails to Be Stripped
My favorite tweet from Gary Johnson tonight.
St. Louis area police department claims it does not have to follow the laws they enforce, department has no insurance, or no registration for their police cars nor any workers compensation for their officers.
Billionaire Mark Cuban says Apple deserves a 'standing ovation' for fighting FBI on encryption
Ross Perot was only at 8% and allowed to debate. Gary is at 12%. What are they afraid of?
Mike Rowe to Bernie Sanders: Stop Telling Everyone College is The Only Thing
Justin Amash: "'What is Allepo?' You think that's bad? @HillaryClinton doesn't even know what 'classified' means."
Rand Paul Giving His Speech To Block The $1 Billion Saudi Arms Sale
Hillary Clinton on Assange "Can't we just drone this guy" -- report
Libertarian Johnson: Drug war 'root cause' of police shootings
Gary Johnson polls at 10% in California
Gary Johnson was finally added to a Google Rewards poll.
Happy 81st birthday, Ron Paul!
Libertarian Attack-Ad on Clinton
Surrounded by armed bodyguards and Secret Service agents, HillaryClinton declared that guns don't keep us safe.
Why I love Gary
Richard Nixon Could Only Wish He Got Hillarys FBI Treatment
Gary Johnson surpasses $2.7 million in online donations for August
Rand Paul: Nobody read the $1.1 trillion omnibus bill
Child taken from mother for playing 120ft away. Reporter: "Aren't you afraid someone might take him", Mother: "Yes, that's exactly what the police did"
Gary Johnson polls at 12% in National Fox News Poll
Johnson hits 15% in Colorado!
CISA Is Now The Law: How Congress Quietly Passed The Second Patriot Act
GOP Billionaire Drops Six Figure Donation on Gary Johnson's Campaign
Rand Paul recommends Prison Sentence for Hillary Clinton
Rand Paul and Ron Wyden introduce legislation to block expansion of FBI powers
Gary Johnson polls at 10% in National Fox News Poll
Edward Snowden: "I told the US government I'd return to the US if I was guaranteed a fair trial [...
Paul Ryan says U.S. taxes on small businesses is 44.6 percent, versus 15 percent in Canada (Politifact Rating: TRUE)
Hillary Clintons Hometown Paper Endorses Gary Johnson
It does feel great.
Gary Johnson polls at 12% in CBS/NYT National Poll
Sen. Rand Paul says that Hillary Clinton deserves five years in prison for lying to Congress about the true nature of the CIA operation in Benghazi that was attacked by terrorists in 2012.
Join Governor Gary Johnson and Governor Bill Weld on R/IAmA Sep. 6th at 9PM for their AMA!
Leaked Audio: Hillary Clinton: "The Supreme Court is WRONG on the Second Amendment"
Truth sometimes leaks even on Facebook
Man Tells Cops They Can't Search His Home Without A Warrant, Cops Kick His Down Door & Kill Him
Gary Johnson: A Wasted Vote Is A Vote For Trump Or Clinton
Searches for "Gary Johnson" spiked right after the debate
Confirmed: Rand Paul is Doing an AMA this Week.
Share with all of your Bernie friends to help get Gary to 15% in the polls!
Former Florida Governor and Presidential candidate Jeb Bush is expected to endorse Gov. Gary Johnson for President next week.
The vacuum of justice
The truth about "TTIP is not your business!"
A man with a carry and conceal gun stopped a mass shooting at a nightclub
Poll: Millennials #FeelTheJohnson, Hillary falls to 37%
Gary Johnson breaks 15% in new Iowa, Ohio polls
Donald Trump: "It's disgraceful to have such a high criteria for third parties to be included in the debates."
"If you think that a 'minor party' candidate cannot win, and thus cast your vote for a slightly more palatable version of the worst possible answer, then you are the problem."
Rand Paul would release the 28 pages of the 9/11 report if president
Nebraska Just Abolished Civil Forfeiture, Now Requires A Criminal Conviction To Take Property
Gary Johnson #1 Trending Search on Yahoo Monday Morning!
The Senate votes this week on whether to give the FBI warrantless access to your browsing history
GOP congressman says he'll vote for Libertarian ticket over Trump | Fox News
Gary Johnson Beats Hillary With Independents, Reaches 12% Nationally
A letter to Bernie Sanders' voters
FYI This is how r/politics moderators operate.
Gary Johnson and Bill Weld are on 60 mins right now. Please share
No charges for Clinton
Man Shoots at Intruders, Turns Out it was a No-Knock Raid. Now He Faces the Death Penalty. (x-post /r/Texas)
Hold it right there!
Report: Gun crime has been on the decline for about 20 years, except in gun-free zones
Rand Paul Challenges Bernie Sanders To Hour-Long Debate On Socialism vs. Capitalism
Don't like Gary Johnson? Vote for him anyways. If he gets just 5% of the popular vote the Libertarian party will have automatic balloting in all 50 states and government funding for future elections!
Gary Johnson could snatch the election away from Donald Trump ... or Hillary Clinton. "Gary Johnson, like many Americans, is socially liberal, fiscally conservative and wants the U.S. to steer clear of foreign wars"
Press is lying. Clinton is NOT first woman nominated for president. It was Victoria Woodhull in 1872. More bias against anything not part of the two party rigged system.
We can trust government, they've never lied to us before
I got unsolicited mail telling me not to vote third party. It's an important issue so I mailed them back this donation.
Democrats Kill Rand Paul's Audit the Fed Bill, Though Sanders Votes Yes
Yesterday, a federal court judge agreed to hear oral arguments in a lawsuit challenging the nonprofit status of the Commission on Presidential Debates
Libertarian Gary Johnson looks to boost credibility, with a little help from Drew Carey
I'm sick and tired of hearing Americans lament that both Trump and Hillary are terrible candidates but then refuse to even consider voting for Gary Johnson instead
Johnson Hits 12% in Michigan Poll
In case it's a bomb.
Demand that Gov. Gary Johnson be included in the presidential debates
This made me chuckle
Chicago Tribune Editorial Board endorses Gary Johnson for president
This is not photoshopped
Emails: CNN Reporter Coordinated With Hillary Aide To Smear Rand Paul During 2013 Benghazi Hearing
Joe Rogan Endorses Gary Johnson
Johnson at 24% in NM
Congrats on that $15/Hr Minimum Wage
US Congressman, Scott Rigel (R-VA) Backs Libertarian Presidential Candidate in Campaign First
Only 9% of America Chose Trump and Clinton as the Nominees
Why is this so hard to understand?
Saudi Arabia sentences a man to 10 years in jail and 2,000 lashes for tweeting that he was an atheist
No, Obama, It's Not Easier To Buy A Glock Than A Book
Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) is calling out Sens. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) and Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) to back his legislation to audit the Federal Reserve ahead of a procedural vote Tuesday.
Wikileaks Nails It!
Please don't ruin it for Gary Johnson. This is our best chance ever.
Austin Peterson: I believe in a world where gay married couples can defend their marijuana fields with fully automatic machine guns
Rand Paul's face When Whoopi Goldberg Says We Need to Outlaw Guns That Have Been Outlawed for Decades
Gary Johnson will not be on the ballot in Ohio unless you get the Sec. of State to do their job. Anyone in the country can help.
Rand Paul: "My friend @tedcruz has still not pledged to issue exec order declaring Canadian "bacon" is not real bacon. Makes me suspicious."
Gary Johnson: If polls would include me, I'd be at 20%
Johnson/Weld Come Out of CNN Town Hall Looking Like "a sensible alternative to the two main options."
TIL Gary Johnson's dad paratrooped into Normandy before D-Day as a member of the 101st Airborne - the division that "Band of Brothers" was about
Government Named Top U.S. Problem for Second Straight Year
Gary Johnson Leads In 18-24 Demographic Over Both Clinton and Trump.
Rand Paul Introduces Resolution to End Arms Sales to Saudi Arabia
Hey /r/all, did you know that "Johnson tops Clinton among independents"?
The worst mass shooting in the US was done by the US government
BREAKING: New Video of Hillary Clinton's "Medical Episode" Emerges [VIDEO
TSA paid $1.4 million for Randomizer app that chooses left or right
What Gary Johnson Believes in 2 Minutes
Thanks Obama: Health care costs rise the most in 32 years. Premiums on the Obamacare exchanges are expected to rise by double-digits this year.
Happy Independence Day?
/r/the_donald and free speech
Rand Paul is Everywhere on the Internet!
Stop "resisting"
Bill: Give Cops Up to 10 Years in Prison for Warrantless Phone Tracking
The Libertarian Party is currently on the ballot in 32 states. To make it 50, we need go out and get thousands of signatures, lots of money, and all of it gathered in a short time. Donate to the Ballot Access Fund today to keep us on pace to get on the ballot across the nation!
WikiLeaks: "#Brexit to set Julian #Assange free, as EU arrest warrant, used as the excuse to hold him without charge, is to be scrapped in the UK."
Thanks Obama (premiums on a sharp increase)
Gary Johnson will only be on the ballot in 49 states
This two year old post is even more relevant now
#LetGaryDebate
This is the year
Perot Was At 8% Nationally And Allowed To Debate, Gary Johnson Is At 9%
Dear Democrats: No One Owes You Their Vote
New poll: Gary Johnson surges to 14% in Utah, both major nominees have 70% disapproval ratings. We can win this!
Gary Kasparov: "I'm enjoying the irony of American Sanders supporters lecturing me, a former Soviet citizen, on the glories of Socialism and what it really means! Socialism sounds great in speech soundbites and on Facebook, but please keep it there."
CNN now using San Bernadino to push for NSA mass data collection
Mark Cuban: "The best way for any of us to impact the political game?If asked in a survey who you will vote for,Pick a 3rd party.Get them in the debates!"
Spain Hasn't Had A Government In 300 Days And Economy Is Booming
You're with Her Now (x-post /r/propagandaposters)
How to eliminate the "gender wage gap"
Gary Johnson: Make America Sane Again
Libertarian Johnson polling better than any 3rd party candidate since Perot
Mfw Listening to the remaining Presidential Candidates
Rand Paul Refuses to Vote for Bill Without Reading the Bill
New Email shows that Clinton instructed aide to remove classification marking from information, a federal offense
Johnson at 16% in NM (PPP)
Former Rand Paul Super PAC Drops $1 Million Ad Buy for Libertarian Gary Johnson
Drew Carey to host fundraiser for Libertarian Gary Johnson
Unlike Trump And Clinton, Johnson Believes In Due Process And Gun Rights
The popped up on my Facebook feed.... and it's pretty accurate.
Gary Johnson: If This Isnt An Opportunity For the Libertarian NomineeThere Will Never Be An Opportunity
Gary Johnson takes out full-page ad to get into first debate
New Mexico teens can now legally sext each other and exchange nude photos: The new law means adolescents caught sharing explicit photos with each other will no longer risk charges, prison sentences and a damaging criminal record
The IRS to Michael Phelps: "You Didnt Win That" -- This year, the IRS will impose a nearly 40% victory tax on athletes who take home gold, silver, and bronze medals for the United States.
Teen Boy Will Be Charged As Adult For Having Naked Pics of a Minor: Himself
Innocent woman forcibly stripped by male Ohio police officers and left nude in a jail cell for SIX HOURS.
NH House Becomes First in US to Pass Bill Requiring Judges to Inform Jurors of Jury Nullification
And they call this "news"...
Being sold under the guise of preventing distracted driving, a newly proposed Vermont law would allow officers to rifle through motorists cellphones without a warrant to see if they have recently been used.
"At this moment, law enforcement can access American citizens' emails without a warrant, even though the exact same messages in paper form would require a warrant," Email Privacy Act is a necessary fix for outdated laws
Protesters shout "We want Rand" during debate.
xpost /r/socialistmeme. Somewhat appropriate
Democrat Endorses Rand Paul In Kentucky Senate Race
David Koch Pledges Millions To Gary Johnsons Presidential Bid
The #LetGaryDebate Petition is at 977k Signatures. Once it hits a million signatures the campaign will send it to the CPD. Let's get there so they can deliver it before the first debate on Monday!
Gary Johnson and Bill Weld to appear on Stephen Colbert tomorrow night!!
New Study Shows Even If Cops Commit a Crime on Video, 96% of the Time they Arent Prosecuted
Quinnipiac University Poll: 62% of likely voters, 85% of millennials say Gary Johnson should be included in the debates
Dont pick the lesser of two evils, pick Gary Johnson - The Daily Texan
Cornell Republicans Break Party Lines, Endorse Johnson for President
Rand Paul: Its scary people want to vote for Bernie Sanders: Look at the ultimate cause of what he is for, Paul said. It can only be accomplished at the point of a gun.
HIDDEN CAM: NYC Democratic Election Commissioner, "They Bus People Around to Vote, There is a Lot of Fraud"
Drew Carey to host Gary Johnson fundraiser
Put this up over the weekend. My neighbor with a Trump sign in his yard keeps giving me dirty looks
Arnold Schwarzenegger wants gary johnson and bill weld in the debates
Rand is suspending his campaign
Gary Johnson support among 18-29 year-olds at 23%
Libertarian Gary Johnson on 2016: 'This is the demise of the Republican Party'
Rand Paul: Its bulls--t to collect phone records after Paris attacks
Actually got a polling call and was able to do my part to help Johnson hit 15%...
Oh the Irony...
Libertarian candidate and Iraq vet from DeLand wins way onto U.S. Senate ballot
Licensing...
A new rallying cry for liberty
Colorado Says Libertarian Senate Candidate Missed Debates by 0.023%
Rand Paul Introduces Amendment to Prohibit Drone Surveillance on US Soil
U.S. court upholds ban on gun sales to marijuana card holders
The GOP Is a Dying Party. Thats Why Im Running Against Trump.
Hilarious! Thoughts on Bernie Sanders' policies from the Libertarian candidate for Governor of Florida, Adrian Wyllie.
Exposed: Hillary Caught Coordinating With CNN to Smear Rand Paul
I was speechless: Man charged with felony for passing out jury nullification and rights fliers in front of courthouse
Cop arrives on the scene of a rollover, "accidentally" shoots the driver in the neck paralyzing him, doesn't mention the shooting until another cop notices the wound, faces no punishment because he didn't intend to shoot the guy
Johnson and Stein fail to make cut for first presidential debate
AMA: Rand Paul will be answering your questions tomorrow, 1/21, at 7:30pm ET
Rand Paul: A sober man in a bar full of belligerent drunks
Sarah Palin Says Legal Pot Is 'Absolutely No Big Deal'
Joe Rogan working out a date to talk to Gary Johnson on a podcast
US Senator Says Due Process Is Killing Us  Are We In a Dystopic Novel? (VIDEO)
Gary Johnson at 18% for voters under 35.
37% of Republicans would consider a third party candidate if the general is Trump and Hillary
Louisiana Officials Demand That Self-Reliant Locals Stop Surviving The Flood Without Permission
Libertarian Party slowly rising in polls as alternative to Clinton and Trump
The ACLU rightly rejects the No Fly List for gun control
The relationship between Bernie's socialism and the market summed up perfectly.
Bring Out a Third Lectern for Gary Johnson
GOP representative: Gary Johnson can win
America Does NOT Have a Gun Problem.
Officer admits to arresting mechanic on false felony charges due to frustration with mechanic. His punishment? Ten day suspension.
2nd Amendment isn't about personal defense. It's about keeping tyranny in check
Rand Paul Says Cannabis Prohibition Should Be Repealed  /r/StandwithRand
Red State: We Should Have Nominated Rand Paul
CNN: Don't fall for 'lesser of two evils' argument
No, a Vote for a Third Party (or Abstaining from Voting) Is not the Same as a Vote for Hillary
Chinese Immigrant Who Lived Under Mao Runs for Senate as Libertarian
Tennessee Becomes Only Second State Ever To Eliminate Its Income Tax
With this whole controversy I really wish that more of us had supported Rand Paul
Glenn Beck on Rand's campaign suspension
Libertarian Party Welcomes Refugees from the Republican and Democratic Parties
Dr. Rand Paul on Twitter: "I introduced a Resolution to halt arms sales to the government of Pakistan. If approved it will stop the sale of F-16s & other military gear"
Gary Johnson at 14% in new PPP poll
Damn right
Gary Johnson: I'd Consider Pardoning Edward Snowden, Chelsea Manning
OK Libertarians, you win: I am hereby pledging to vote Johnson/Weld come this election.
San Diego Cops Keep Forgetting to Turn Their Body Cameras On Before Killing People
Wikileaks has released a large amount of emails, showing that Bernie was rigged to fail from the start, as well as other shady goings-ons, from the DNC, This could turn the tide
The Left's War on Women: Feminism subreddit censors all discussion of sexual assaults by migrants in Europe because the attacks fail to adhere to left wing political narrative.
Anatomy of a Gary Johnson Hit Piece
Deficit attention disorder...
Sen. Rand Paul Is Just 7 Votes Away from Auditing the Fed
Gary Johnson will not be on the ballot in Ohio unless you get the Sec. of State to do their job. Anyone in the country can help.  /r/GaryJohnson
Hillary and Bernie both complain about excessive CEO pay, but the average CEO makes less than Hillary's speaking fee
Voting for the Libertarian canidate in a Republican primary.
Clinton 41% Trump 36% Johnson 11%
We can do better.
Ron Paul: "The Secret Society loves Hillary. For her to say that we shouldn't comment on the Fed -- 'it is off limits, don't talk about it' -- it's astounding. Donald Trump wants to audit the Fed."
Pay Attention to Libertarian Gary Johnson; He's pulling 10% vs. Trump and Clinton
Johnson winning 18-24 year olds in Aug 5 IBD poll
Safety vs Revenue
Concealed Carrier Prevents Mass Shooting At SC Nightclub
NBC Poll: 60% dislike or hate Trump and Clinton
Donald J. Trump on Twitter: "It is so important to audit The Federal Reserve, and yet Ted Cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done."
Gary Johnson: I Would Look Into Pardoning Snowden If I Were President
Students want top earners to pay their tuition..."how are we going to pay for this?"...response is comical
Penn Jillette on Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, And Why He's All in on Gary Johnson
Minimum Wage Blowback: Wendy's To Put Kiosks In all 6,000 Restaurants
Obamacare has gone from the president's greatest achievement to a 'slow-motion death spiral'
Gary Johnson is that alternative. Vote liberty this November
The Secret History of the Commission on Presidential Debates
Rand Paul: "Be concerned about the accumulation of power no matter what party is in charge."
Washington Times Poll - who won the presidential debate?
Gary Johnson: And what is Aleppo?
Reminder that the TSA has never done anything worthwhile, violates the 4th amendment thousands of times a day, and no one seems to care.
Long discussion on CNN this morning about Johnson/Weld ticket. It's happening!!
People are looking for more information regarding the Libertarian Party, we are getting the message out! Lets make sure they get some good, accurate, and easily shareable information
Vietnam vet BTFO of anti-gun "whiny little bitches"!
Ron Paul: Trump vs. Clinton is 'super nationalistic populism vs. socialism'; they both support the military industrial complex, the federal reserve, deficits and entitlements, and and an invasion of our privacy
"Ron Paul-style libertarianism was harsh on government but always compassionate toward individuals. Trump-style authoritarianism largely embraces big government and collectively blames immigrants, Muslims and others for Americas problems."
Pardon Snowden: Sign the letter and urge President Obama to pardon Edward Snowden before leaving office. Time is running out.
Colorado Juries Keep Letting People Go for Driving on Weed, Prosecutors and Cops are Furious
Fingerprints
Public sector unions
Romney: "I hope voters get to see former GOP Governors Gary Johnson and Bill Weld on the debate stages this fall."
Former Facebook Workers: We Routinely Suppressed Conservative News
Rand Paul Isnt at the RNC. Hes Literally Curing the Blind Instead: Libertarian leader skipped the GOP convention in order to perform pro-bono surgery on needy patients.
Dave Rubin endorses Gary Johnson for President!
It depresses me that Rand Paul isn't at the top of the GOP, and instead irrational control freaks are... :/
Top medical experts say we should decriminalize all drugs and maybe go even further
Courtesy Reminder: /r/libertarian is not /r/the_donald
Libertarian Party in the news. This is great.
Florida sheriff threatens to arrest Apple CEO: "I can tell you, the first time we do have trouble getting into a cell phone, we're going to seek a court order from Apple. And when they deny us, I'm going to go lock the CEO of Apple up,"
FBI Instructs High Schools to Inform on Anti-Government Students - LewRockwell.com
"Taxes are like a subscription to your Country that you can't cancel, no matter how bad the service gets." (xpost r/showerthoughts)
Gary Johnson to Bernie Supporters: "How 'bout taking a look at the Libertarian Ticket?"
Columbine Survivor Turned Lawmaker Pushes to Legalize Guns in Schools
Bureaucrats fire lunch lady for giving kid a free lunch ($1.70) instead of tossing the lunch & tray directly in the trash per policy
An unusual coalition of 13 Republicans and 12 Democrats on Wednesday announced the creation of the House Fourth Amendment Caucus to protect Americans' privacy rights against calls for increased government surveillance in the wake of terrorist attacks.
If Rand Paul were a Democrat, Reddit would be in love
The Federalist: No, Hillary Clinton, The Supreme Court's Heller Decision Wasn't About Toddlers
Gary Johnson at 16% in Utah
Want to stop terrorism? Ron Paul had it right: get out of Muslim countries. Stop bombing. Stop installing dictators. Stop stealing. Stop intervening. Stop killing.
During a Managing Microaggressions event at the University of Virginia, students spoke out against microaggressions like identifying as American and criticizing someones taste in food
For The First Time In Over 100 Years, New Hampshires Largest Newspaper Will Not Be Endorsing The Republican Nominee For President. Rather Than Picking Between The Lesser Of Two Evils, The Union Leader Has Bestowed Its Endorsement On Gary Johnson.
Thomas Jefferson, America's greatest President
Gary Johnson Pitches Himself as Independents' Choice for President
Wikileaks: "Julian Assange's internet link has been intentionally severed by a state party. We have activated the appropriate contingency plans."
No matter who gets the nomination, we must unite behind that person.
Hawaii becomes first U.S. state to place gun owners on FBI database | Reuters
The No Fly List Isnt Just Broken, Its Insane. You Must Read This Before You Talk About Gun Control.
Verizon responded to Bernie Sanders' claims that Verizon has made billions and hasn't paid a nickel in taxes.
Yes, yes she does.
BREAKING: Gary Johnson Left Off Pennsylvania Absentee Ballots
Gary Johnson: Id close Dept. of Homeland Security
Apple's response to the FBI request to add a backdoor into iOS
Americans hate the U.S. government more than ever
Firearms found in El Chapo's compound tied to Arizona, Fast and Furious operation
Johnson at 15% with economist!!
Johnson will be on the State of the Union on Sunday!
The Biggest Threat to American Public Safety Is the American Police State
A new idea...
GaryJohnson2016: "The greatest lie ever told in America..." #FeelTheJohnson
Get MR_TRUMP OFF THE FUCKING SIDEBAR
Foreign Policies
Gary Johnson Officially on the Vermont Ballot as the Libertarian Presidential Candidate
Donald Trump's Pretty Lucky He's Not Held To The Same Standard As Gary Johnson
Rand Paul says he won't ban encryption if president, chides Chris Christie over governor's stance.
This election season be like
Gary Johnson: WIRED Should Have Endorsed Me for President
Good Sign Placement.
A Self-Fulfilling Prophecy
CNN to Host Second Libertarian Presidential Town Hall on Aug. 3
#Feelthebern
FBI Agents Caught Posing As Militia Members To Harass Locals In Oregon
New CDC Data Suggest E-Cigarettes Are Helping Smokers Quit
TSA INVESTIGATION FINDS 73 WORKERS ON U.S.S TERRORIST WATCHLIST
Libertarian Party Membership Has Skyrocketed In The Past Year; 566% increase in new donors
A young man asked Ted Cruz to sign a copy of the Communist Manifesto as a joke. Here's what Cruz wrote.
When I heard Gary Johnson is eyeing another Libertarian ticket run...
Who should you vote for?
You Need 4 Different Licenses to Shine Shoes in DC. Sen. Ben Sasse Wants to Change That.
After 40 years, $1 trillion, US War on Drugs has failed to meet any of its goals
Judge Says Tesla Can't Sell Directly to Missouri Customers
Jeb Bush suggests voting for Gary Johnson at luncheon
Ron Paul Says Libertarians Should "Vote For The Libertarian Party"
Gary Johnson: Cruz did say to vote for Gary Johnson, didn't he? | Politics
Rand Paul Shuts Down Donald Trump, Moderators, and Commercial Breaks
House Passes Bill Requiring Search Warrants to Access Your Old Emails
Got this in the mail yesterday! Feelin it!
Activist Stephen Ruth has disabled so many red light Cameras he's called the Red Light Camera Robin Hood
Muskogee police use civil forfeiture to take $53k from Christian orphanage, church, and band
Bernie Sanders Bashes Uber, Uses It For All His Taxi Rides
Reddit Involved In Massive Cover-Up Of Clinton Cash, DNC Disaster, Wasserman Schultz And Wikileaks News
Cops Seized Over $107,000 From Couple, Didnt Charge Them With a Crime
Letter from my child's daycare regarding cost increases caused by local minimum wage ordinance
Schwarzenegger: Put Libertarians in debates
In mocking Johnson for not knowing what Aleppo is, New York Times gets what Aleppo is wrong
Not a fan of the burka/burkini nor what it stands for, but freedom includes respecting those with different, even objectionable, lifestyles.
Ron Paul: Ted Cruz is no libertarian
Why is the price so high?
A newly purposed Rhode Island gun law would criminalize the possession of so-called high capacity magazines (10+ Rounds) and sentence offenders to up to 10 years in prison... but police officers and other agents of the state would be exempt...
Is this a serious question?
Cops Seize Car When Told to Get a Warrant, Tell Owner Thats What He Gets for Exercising His Rights
With Gary Johnson and Bill Weld as standard bearers, the LP is more serious and in touch with America than the Dems and the GOP.
Why I can't take Trump supporters seriously
Venezuela has had enough of Socialism, votes overwhelmingly in opposition
Homeless Man Owes Government Over $110,000 In Fines For Being Homeless
Billy Corgan: Social Justice Groups Are 'Shutting Down Free Speech'
"The Democratic and Republican parties have created a rigged duopoly. Neither wants a third challenger, and both have actively colluded against one. They understand that their key to power lies in making sure the choice is between the lesser of two evils."
Gary Johnson on NPR at 10. Listen here.
Rand Paul Mocks Hillary Clinton For Spending $90,000 on a Campaign Playlist, Offers His Own List For Her
Don't Grab The Pussy...
Latest CNN Poll 17% of voters under 45 are for Gary Johnson.
Convinced entire family to vote Libertarian this election
McCain: "We tried Japanese generals and hung them for war crimes. One of the crimes was waterboarding." - Anyone Who Says Waterboarding Works is a Liar
Kuwait has become the first country to create a DNA Database of all Citizens, failure to submit your DNA gets you 1 year in prison.
Why Gun Control Won't Fix Inner City Violence - Another Colion Noir Video
Alabama Senate Passes Bill Eliminating Marriage Licensing
New Emails Show Press Literally Taking Orders From Hillary
Rand Paul slams White House for saying Trump disqualified himself from race - "Today I would like to put a mirror in front of the Obama White House and show them the top ten things that make HIM unqualified:" --- (TOP 10 THINGS IN COMMENTS)
Rand Paul introduces amendment to get rid of draft
Colorado Celebrates Legalization Anniversary: Massive Drop in Arrests and Millions in Tax Revenue
Poll Finds 32% Of All Voters Would Consider Voting For Gary Johnson
Iceland: 320k population, 90k registered guns. Almost no Violent Crime
Senator Rand Paul - The Fight To Lower EpiPen Costs
The Supreme Court ruled Wednesday that it is unconstitutional to freeze financial assets unrelated to a persons crime before a trial, when the money is needed to pay for an attorney.
Yet another federal court has told the DOJ to stop harassing medical marijuana providers
What happens with a $15 minimum wage (x-post r/oddlysatisfying)
80 percent of Chicago PD dash-cam videos are missing audio due to officer error or intentional destruction
"When you're white you don't know what it's like to be poor." - Bernie Sanders
A shining example of the free market doing it better than the government
Austin Petersen sure knows how to roast
When I hear people talking about choosing between Trump and Hillary.
Rand Paul looks a bit "Low Energy" recently
Anon feels the bern
Average ObamaCare premium rises to $408 per month
Obama Falsely Implies His Gun Controls Could Have Stopped the Kalamazoo Shooter
Congress is about to vote on what Rand Paul calls the biggest anti-poverty initiative in 50 years
Mizzou Hunger Striker Claims Hes Oppressed, Rips White Privilege  Comes From Family Worth $20 Million
Libertarian Partys Gary Johnson to Appear on Election Ballots in All 50 States
Missouri Student VP: I'm Tired Of Hearing People Use First Amendment Rights To Create "Hostile" Atmosphere
GARY JOHNSON IS THE LIBERTARIAN PARTY 2016 NOMINEE!
Met Gary Johnson and John McAfee yesterday in New York!
Let's support this ACLU campaign to pardon Edward Snowden, he should be recognized as a national hero to the America population.
"When all states were factored together with Johnson included, Clinton led Trump 44% to 34%, with Johnson at 13%."
Mitch McConnell Moves to Grant the President Unlimited War Powers with No Expiration Date
Republicans and Democrats right now [x-post /r/CheckYourJohnson
What mass surveillance is like
OU professor: Youths' attraction to Sanders shows education failure
Ken Bone Prefers the Libertarian Party Over Others. #FeeltheBone
Smash away Gary
Rand Paul Is Actively Opposing Big Arms Sale to Saudi Arabia
The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is attempting to suppress information about a massive database which contains fingerprints, palm prints, iris, voice, and face scans, as well as other biometric data, of millions of Americans.
MoneyBomb just hit 1.5 million goal!
Yale students have exercised their right to be treated like children
Pokemon Go Shows How the Free Market Can Get Kids Moving Again
NBC Poll Shows Gary Johnson WINNING Independents By Several Points
Rand Paul Isnt at the RNC. Hes Literally Curing the Blind Instead.
Gary Johnson May Be Running a General Election Race Already
The War on Drugs is unjust, immoral & counter productive. ONLY Gary Johnson wants to END IT NOW. Please Help. Vote Gary Johnson!
Yale Economist Analysis: Bernie Sanders Tax Plan would lead to 9.5 percent lower GDP, 18.6 percent smaller capital stock and 6.0 million fewer full-time equivalent jobs over the long term
THERE IS A THIRD CHOICE
Meet the most hated man in the Pentagon: Company executives accuse Shay Assad of pursuing a "personal vendetta" by hounding firms large and small to justify what they charge for weapons or services.
New Gary Johnson ad
"Longtime Republican strategist Mary Matalin says she changed her affiliation to the Libertarian Party on Thursday"
Rand Paul on Daily Show: Gov't Shouldn't Tell You What To "Smoke, Drink, and Eat"
New York Loses $400 Million After Imposing The Nations Highest Cigarette Tax
This time around, Gary Johnsons third-party bid makes sense
Gary Johnson polls at 7% in FL, 8% in OH and 9% in PA in new Quinnipiac Poll
Utah senator moving to South America after his medical marijuana bill fails to pass."This state is not welcoming to people who want to live their lives and be free to make choices for themselves".
Marine Discharged For Warning of Afghan Police Rape of Boys
Did Bernie Sanders just send the 'most economically illiterate tweet ever'?
Obama Is Wrong: Mass Shootings Do Happen Elsewhere, And More Often
Accurate
Rand Paul: We Must Restore Congressional Authority on War
/r/politics is now /r/hillaryclinton
Sexual assault in the ballot box
Shocking Survey: Economists Trust Gary Johnson More Than Donald Trump
The three branches...
Walmart Closes LA Store Over $15 Minimum Wage
Bernie Sanders supporters in a nutshell
Drew Carey endorses Gary Johnson: I dont need a national daddy, or mommy
FBI Drops its Case Against Apple
Amherst Student Was Expelled for Rape. But He Was Raped, Evidence Shows.
If you don't have to give up your car because of drunk drivers
Obama Signs Defense Bill Authorizing $500 Million More In Aid To "Moderate" Syrian Rebels
California Police used 52,000 apparently illegal wiretaps to make hundreds of arrests
NEW POLL: Rand Paul Leads by 12 Points in Re-Election Race for Senate
FBI Director wants 'adult conversation' about backdooring encryption: How about f**k off  is that adult enough?
Im a Bernie Sanders supporter, but I will vote for Gary Johnson in the general over Hillary Clinton.
Hi Reddit, we are a mountain climber, a fiction writer, and both former Governors. We are Gary Johnson and Bill Weld, candidates for President and Vice President. Ask Us Anything!  /r/IAmA
Snowden: FBI's claim it can't unlock the San Bernardino iPhone is 'bullshit'
Freedom Of Association: Rock Stars Can Refuse To Play, Bakers Can Refuse To Bake
Bill Nye, the science guy, is open to criminal charges and jail time for climate change dissenters
19% would vote third party in Cruz v Hillary race. 16% for Trump v Clinton
Bill would make it a crime to videotape police in Arizona
In Leaked Speech, Clinton Promises Bankers to Stand Against Pot Legalization 'In All Senses of the Word'
Gary Johnson has a message for Bernie supporters: "The ACLU gave me the highest score in American presidential politics, higher then Barack Obama, higher than Ron Paul..."
Libertarian Gary Johnson in double digits in race against Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump: poll
Gary Johnson Has More Daily Newspaper Endorsements than Donald Trump
Juanita Broaddrick: It Never Goes Away. "I was 35 years old when Bill Clinton, Ark. Attorney General raped me and Hillary tried to silence me. I am now 73....it never goes away."
McDonald's Says its Wage Hikes Are Improving Service: It has done what we expected it to90 day turnover rates are down, our survey scores are upwe have more staff in restaurants,
My liberal friend is offended by my Libertarianism. So I made him this.
Best response to a government inquiry to survey private land for frogs.
As Turkey's new regime turns authoritarianism up to 11, freedom of the press has become a thing of the past: 'Zaman', Turkey's largest newspaper, quickly puts out one final issue criticizing its takeover by authorities, mere minutes before the police raids began.
Study: Bernie Sanders's single-payer plan is almost twice as expensive as he says
"Rand Paul is right: The most economically unequal states are Democratic" - The Washington Post
Private vs. Public
Trump Says He Supports Reauthorizing Patriot Act, NSA Metadata Collection
Rand Paul doubles down on calling Hillary Clinton a NEOCON & slams GOP Neocon war hawks
Maryland Property Owners No Longer Have To Prove Their Innocence In Civil Forfeiture Cases
15 Reasons Why A Vote For Gov. Gary Johnson Matters
But don't waste your vote on a third party! /s
Many people at my highly liberal university share this twisted view
Romney & Obama Ask Court to Toss Libertarian Party's Debate Case, Leave Third Parties Out in 2016. antitrust laws do not regulate politics.
Clinton Accepts $20 Million From Planned Parenthood - How can taxpayer dollars go to this organization who then gives to campaigns?
If you love liberty, Rand Paul needs your help. Sign the petition letting Fox News know that we want Rand on the Main debate stage!
Gary Johnson will be on the Joe Rogan Experience this Tuesday
2016 American Voting Guide
Kids Play in Backyard While Mom Does Dishes. An Investigation Ensues
Look who I met in Atlanta today!
How Americas largest third party could actually make a difference
Mises warned us bros
PAC backing Gary Johnson says Dick Cheney 'supported gay marriage sooner' than Hillary Clinton
Is anyone else REALLY FUCKING EXCITED about Gary Johnson & the potential this campaign holds for liberty???
Top 10 Hillary Clinton scandals exposed by WikiLeaks
US government sets record for failing to find records requested by the public
It's all Ronald's fault!
In Opinion: The Libertarians have become the moderate, middle way party
I turn 18 in July. I'm getting my American citizenship ASAP after that. If all goes as planned, I will be casting my first vote as an American citizen for this man in November.
Trump and Clinton are only symptoms. The disease is the rest of us who refuse to consider seriously candidates other than those the two major parties have served up for us.
Vote Libertarian in 2016
When people unironically defend Socialism and Communism on the front page of Reddit
"Johnson/Weld best uphold the values that we fight to protect with our oaths of office.
Unprecedented excitement at Libertarian Party convention
Gary Johnson op-ed in the New York Daily News
The Johnson Money Comet has Surpassed $150,000 - Its Original Goal Was $25,000. Donations Help Raise Awareness to Hit 15% in the Polls and Get Him in the Debates
Gary Johnson has now doubled his peak interest from 2012
Apple Makes $407,000 Profit Per Employee, Walmart And Retail, $6,300: Who's The Exploiter?
Just wanted to say to all of you Libertarians:
Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton vs. That two-term governor of New Mexico who also started a multi-million dollar corporation in college and also climbed Mount Everest at 50 years old literally with a broken leg
Surprise! NSA data will soon routinely be used for domestic policing that has nothing to do with terrorism
My thoughts on watching the DNC this evening
For Cam Newton, Adding Super Tax Insult to Super Bowl Injury. "Peyton Manning paid New Jersey nearly $47,000 in taxes two years ago on his Super Bowl earnings of $46,000? Newton is looking at a tax bill more than twice as much, which will swallow up his entire Super Bowl paycheck"
''I don't believe in charities,'' said Mayor Sanders, bringing a shocked silence to a packed hotel banquet room. The Mayor, who is a Socialist, went on to question the ''fundamental concepts on which charities are based''
Tennessee troopers set up 'no refusal' checkpoints with mandatory blood draws through Jan. 4
Three men incarcerated in Massachusetts who were working with state legislators on prison reform have been thrown in solitary confinement, in an apparent retaliation against their activism and an attempt to disrupt further communications.
I dont give a fuck, Drew Carey says, bluntly. If your person doesnt get enough votes, you lose. I dont want to hear it. There are more than two choices and you are allowed to vote for whoever you want. This is America. If you cant get the votes to win, tough shit.
'Tens of Thousands' Wrongly Convicted Based on Unreliable Drug Tests
Sanders Voted for the Very Criminal Justice Measures He's Denouncing
Mitt Romney: "If Bill Weld were at the top of the ticket, it would be very easy for me to vote for Bill Weld for president. So I'll get to know Gary Johnson better..."
Hillarys team copied intel off top-secret server to email
40% of Millennials OK with limiting speech offensive to minorities
The Libertarian Party: So hot right now
It's official... Rand Paul will be on the main stage for the next Presidential debate
Clinton vs. Trump: Who's Worse? | Penn Jillette: "For many years I have believed two things about presidential politics: 1. Every major-party candidate was smarter than me. 2. There is no one worse than Hillary Clinton. "I have been proven wrong on both of these this year."
Rand on the #DemDebate: I just want to remind everyone: "A claim for equality of material position can be met only by a government with totalitarian powers."
/r/libertarian really needs to get back to its, AKA, Friedman and Hayek. Enough with this Bernie shit.
Police Departments Upset with Obama for Seizing MRAPs, Bayonets, Grenade Launchers
The other, other choice, everyone.
Libertarians NEED to support the Johnson-Weld ticket this election! It is not hyperbole to say that this is our single greatest opportunity to meaningfully impact American politics.
The San Bernardino tragedy will be used by the president to declare enough is enough regarding guns. [W
Gary Johnson polls at 16% in Utah Poll
I cannot stress how absolutely vital it is that we get Gary on that debate stage. Because once he's up there, Gary will be seen as the ONLY third option, and he is since no other third party is on the ballot in all 50 states.
Despite Being in the Top 5% of Earners, Bernie Sanders Pays Half the Taxes of the Average Citizen
The case against Hillary Clinton by Christopher Hitchens
U.S. Has Record 10th Straight Year Without 3% Growth in GDP
Gary Johnson On the Verge of Appearing On the Debate Stage
First Ever Televised Libertarian Party Presidential Debate Friday April 1st 9PM ET on Stossel
Release of the Full TPP Text After Five Years of Secrecy Confirms Threats to Users Rights
#IdLetItGoOff (via the SOLIFICO FB page)
/r/all meet your 2016 Libertarian Party Vice Presidential Nominee
Sanders: 15 Percent Debate Threshold "Probably Too High"
Its a rigged game, man, Johnson said in a news conference before the rally. Democrats and Republicans make up the presidential debate commission, 15 percent is not the law. Its Democrats and Republicans not wanting a Ross Perot on the stage again.
"Vice Chairman of the Washington, D.C., GOP party plans to resign from his post and vote for libertarian candidate Gary Johnson"
Rand Paul will not endorse any presidential candidate: "I'm going to stay out of it."
For America's Sake, Let Gary Johnson Debate
Where Bernie goes wrong.
(Unconstitutional) NSA data will now be used domestically between agencies
28 years of a man's life completely lost, because a woman falsely accused him based on a dream she had
Gary Johnson polls at 10% in new Morning Consult National Poll
Libertarian Candidate Gary Johnson: Pardon Edward Snowden
MRW I wake up every morning and remember who is running for president.
Free college tuition promised by Democrats is one big illusion
After billions of dollars spent trying to fight drugs, 60 minutes shows you can have heroin delivered to your doorstep
Bernie supporter is $226,000 in Debt because of a Speech Pathology Degree
Y'all can argue, but this pretty much sums it up how I view each candidate
Overstock CEO Patrick Byrne endorses Gary Johnson
Gary Johnson Endorsed by Two More GOP State Reps
Mods, please remove the note in the sidebar instructing us not to discuss Gary Johnson in /r/Libertarian -- he's the LP nominee, garnering national attention, and news about him is perfectly relevant for the subreddit.
another xpost from /r/socialistmemes. Thought I'd push my luck....
Pretty on point
Cop Assigned To Investigate Jewelry Theft Recovers Items, Pawns Them - [Spends Five Hours In Jail, Keeps Pension
New Mexico Passed a Law Ending Civil Forfeiture. Albuquerque Ignored It, and Now Its Getting Sued
LP Chairman Nicholas Sarwark on Twitter - "Things my Presidential candidate didn't do today: Encourage supporters to shoot another candidate. #VoteLibertarian"
Broncos' Brandon Marshall loses endorsement deal after kneeling for national anthem
Ronald Reagan's son implied that his father would have supported Johnson-Weld over Trump on Twitter
Searches for 3rd Party candidate 2016 spiked by +1,150% in past week
Ron Paul: 'We can do without the IRS, TSA and VA - They havent provided anything, he said. "All theyve done is undermine the liberties of the American people. They havent been proven to have stopped any terrorist attack.
Johnson Hits Back: "I still can't come up with a foreign leader I look up to"
It's happening! Let the defections begin! Sen. Ebke (ex-R, Nebraska) follows John Moore (ex-R, Nevada) in moving to the Libertarian Party.
It's Time To Abolish The DEA
GUYS, THE LP MIGHT NOT BE ON THE BALLOT ON IL. WE HAVE TO MAKE SURE WE HAVE BALLOT ACCESS IN ALL 50 STATES.
Everyone go and thank Drew Carey for donating $2,700 to the Gary Johnson campaign!
Cops Who Write Bull$hit Tickets May Soon Face Prison Time
Gary Johnson won't be on the ballot in Maine...
Last handgun ban in an American jurisdiction struck down
Leaked Emails Show Democrats Feared Rand Paul as GOP Nominee
This is how parties are listed when registering to vote online in Iowa.
PLEASE UPVOTE! COPS IN PENNSYLVANIA STOP GARY JOHNSON PETITIONERS FROM LAWFULLY PETITIONING; CHARGE WITH CRIME!  /r/GaryJohnson
Rand Paul: "In France, they have a (surveillance) program a thousandfold more invasive" than the United States. Politifact rates Mostly True
Ron Paul on voting Libertarian if Trump is GOP Nominee: Certainly!
9th Circuit Says Medical Marijuana Cardholders Have No Second Amendment Rights
Kurt Russell: I'm Not a Republican, I'm Worse. A Hardcore Libertarian
Good Thing John Hinckley Jr. Only Shot the President. If He Sold Drugs, He Might Still Be Locked Up.
Gary Johnson Wants to Make Weed Legal. Oh, and He Also Wants to Be President
Just as it was exposed... that Sen. Harry Reid wanted Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy off his Clark County ranch in 2014 in order to aid a Chinese solar power firm his son represents to build a solar energy complex, corruption also seems to be afoot in Oregon.
UPDATE ON THE MAINE SITUATION
New ABC Poll Says 1 in 3 Voters Still Considering a Third Party in November
Why we should fear a cashless world: Poor people and small businesses rely on cash. A contactless system will likely entrench poverty and pave the way for terrifying levels of surveillance
Gary Johnson's New Advertisement Has Now Been Viewed by Twice the Amount of People Who Voted for Him in 2012 -- Help Get the Count Even Higher and Share it with YOUR Friends Too!
In honor of Muhammad Ali, Sen. Rand Paul will introduce bill to end Selective Service
Finally! A Democrat in Congress Calls Out Hillary Clinton's Hawkishness
Gary Johnsons cousin is running for Congress in Michigan's 1st District as a Libertarian
We have to laugh at ourselves sometimes.
IRS rebuked for tea party targeting, ordered to release secret list
Welfare/Foodstamps 2016!!
A $10 billion program to eliminate long wait times and other problems for veterans' health care has resulted in more veterans waiting even longer.
Why Do the Postal Service, USDA, EPA, And Department of Agriculture Need SWAT Teams?
Can we stop the pissing match of trying to out Libertarian each other?
Theft Calculator Tells You How Much of Your Paycheck Each Presidential Candidate Will Take
Apple says the FBI is making access demands even China hasn't asked for
W.E.B. Dubois, the first African American to earn a doctorate, a co-founder of the NAACP, and renowned civil rights activist, says it right.
Don't Make Women Register for the Draft. Just End Draft Registration for Everyone. "
When did our rights become licenses?
The Top 5 Reasons Why Liberals Should Consider Rand Paul And Libertarianism
Anyone else sick of people portraying these partisan, statist morons as intellectuals?
As a libertarian, I can't vote for Johnson
Gary Johnson: "Pleased to share that we are working out a date for an LPnational prez debate on the John Stossel show."
Rand Paul Is OutBut Libertarianism Is Finally Mainstream
California minimum wage hike hits L.A. apparel industry: The exodus has begun
Rand Paul: Ending NSA spying: "Simply owning a cellphone does not mean you forfeit your constitutional rights", "This domestic NSA spying is simply not acceptable in a free society."
Johnson is getting popular enough for FactCheck.org to start researching him.
My morning was better after I saw this
Gary Johnson's Reddit AMA Got More Points Than Donald Trump's
Gary Johnson sarcastically fakes heart attack in response to BS marijuana claims
Federal Judge rules that DOJ can't force Apple to unlock iPhone in NY drug case
/r/Libertarian Wiki
Houston-area Eighth Grader sent to school Police Office and investigated for "Felony Forgery" after trying to pay for her Lunch with a $2 bill given to her by her Grandmother.
Romney, McCain, Bush, other major Republicans Set to Endorse Libertarian Gary Johnson for President
Rand Paul makes GOP Debate Main Stage
Vietnam, ruled by communists for 40 years, is now the No. 1 fan of capitalism on the planet
Stossel: I have lung cancer
Why is this not obvious to people yet?
The Government Is Useless
Proposed California Ballot Initiative That Would Lower Drinking Age to 18 Cleared to Collect Signatures
If the 2nd Amendment falls, the 1st will follow... [x-post from r/firearms
"It's called Socialism Bernie"
Let's remind /r/all that CNN is hosting a Libertarian Town Hall featuring Gov. Gary Johnson and Gov. Bill Weld this Wednesday at 9PM (x-post /r/GaryJohnson)
Ron Paul: US Elections Are Rigged, Voting Simply Used to Pacify the Public
Penn Jillette Will Be Hosting The Next Libertarian Party Presidential Debate
Gary Johnson recommended isidewith.com to see which candidate you side with - turns out I'm on Team Johnson!
Don't Throw away Your Vote
Front page of CNN!
Him or me...
The IRS...
Donald Trump on 'ridiculous' 15% requirement to participate in presidential debates
UC Berkeley Touts $15 Minimum Wage Law, Then Fires Hundreds Of Workers After It Passes
The lack of Choice in 2 party Politics
Gary Johnson on Bill Maher
Google searches for "Libertarian Party" have been on par with the two major parties for a few days now.
Facebook Censorship of Libertarian Page
Gary Johnson: Donald Trumps a pussy
Still hanging in
Revenge of the Libertarians: How This Third Party Could Sway the 2016 Election
Frederic Bastiat predicted Reddit's glorification of taxes.
Harvard Study Reveals Drug Prices are High in U.S. Because Government Grants Monopoly to Big Pharma
NYT makes TWO geography errors in article criticizing Johnson for Aleppo
Gary Johnson will be on the ballot in Illinois!
Fast and Furious
CNN Accused of Bias Against Third Parties By a Post-Debate Focus Group Participant
If you're calling yourself a Libertarian but voting for Trump so Clinton doesn't win, you're a Republican, not a Libertarian.
CNN showing Libertarian Town Hall countdown.
The Libertarian Party will be on the Washington presidential ballot!
Gary Johnson speaks out after winning Libertarian nomination (Fox News)
CNN: Include Gary Johnson in national Presidential polls
Nevada Lawmaker: It's Okay To Aim Guns At Cops If They Aim At You First
Perfect description of the drug war
It is amazing what you can accomplish
Gary Johnson - We're LIVE in New York taking your questions and proving the debate commission and its corporate sponsors can't silence us. Help spread the word by adding #LetGaryDebate to your profile picture: https://goo.gl/VAe5dB
Divide and conquer
Bernie Sanders Says Hed Raise Taxes. Of Course He Would.
NYT: Gary Johnson: Take a Deep Breath, Voters. There Is a Third Way. - by Gary Johnson 9/28/2016
"Johnson said he's getting about 30 national media requests a day. Four years ago he ran for president he only received one to two a week."
Bernie Sanders lies so much that Denmark is telling him to stop
GARY JOHNSON AT 16% AMONG LATINO'S
Let's introduce Reddit to Governors Gary Johnson and Bill Weld. They want to be your next president. Here they are talking about the issues on CNN. (Full Town Hall Video)
Could the Libertarian Candidate Finally Be Invited to the Presidential Debates? Gary Johnson Inches Closer to Qualifying, Even People.com is paying attention to us
Gary Johnson, Libertarian Candidate, Sees Opening Created by Donald Trump
Johnson NOT included in same forum as Hillary/Trump
Utah State Senator Mark Madsen switches to the LP!
NFL Star Richard Sherman: Stop Forcing Taxpayers to Fund Billionaires' Stadiums
CNN Poll: 13% of Sanders Supporters Are Backing Jill Stein, 10% Want Gary Johnson
Reuters is rigging their polls to show Hillary Clinton winning
Gary Johnson: We Need To Stop Criminalizing Personal Choice
Gary Johnson polls at 9% in NBC National Poll
Ohio Man Sentenced to 240 Days for Recording Cops and Holding Up Sign Warning Drivers of DUI Checkpoint
Sanders to vote for Paul's 'Audit the Fed' bill
PA Cops Have Womans Rectum, Vagina Searched After Traffic Stop
Wikileaks: Multiple US Sources say Kerry Asked Ecuador To Stop Assange
Muh liberty
Gary Johnson Reaches All-Time Polling High of 13% on Eve of GOP Convention
The latest season of South Park has been taking PC Culture head on. Just wanted to share my admiration for one of the most influential libertarians, Trey Parker!
N.J. now lets teens shovel legally, but there's still more red tape to cut: "Licensing has certainly gone too far when it ensnares everyone from snow-shoveling teens to dentists trying to do good."
New Massachusetts Law Will Tax Uber and Lyft to Bailout Taxi Industry, As Taxi Medallions Plunge
Tesla is asking owners and enthusiasts to help block a GM-backed bill to ban direct sales in Indiana
Sen. Rand Paul: Lawmakers Must Take Back Their Power From the Executive Branch
Johnson at 12% in CBS poll (still not included in topline question)
Wolf Blitzer of CNN literally asks if it's a bad idea to defund Saudi Arabia's bombing of Civilians in Yemen because it will cost defense industry jobs.
Latinos Are Twice As Likely to Support Libertarian Candidates
'Edward Snowden did this country a great service. Let him come home' - Bernie Sanders, Daniel Ellsberg, former members of the NSA and more weigh in on whether Obama should grant clemency to the divisive whistleblower
10 Years Ago Today, Hillary Voted For A Massive Border Fence
Law enforcement agencies are Asking Ancestry.com and 23andMe for Their Customers' DNA
The "I Side With" Quiz needs to be at the TOP of r/all after the LP Convention...spend the time to take the quiz. See who you most align with in terms of your beliefs instead of just blindly following any of the three candidates. See who would best represent what YOUR convictions are.
500 IRS Employees Caught Not Paying Taxes in 2015, Only 5 Fired
NEW POLL: Gary Johnson Wins Commander-in-Chief with Military Community
Rand Paul Has No Plans to Endorse in GOP Nomination Race
This is horseshit
The amendment will never change, only the equipment.
Rhode Island Secretary of State Validates Gary Johnson on the Ballot making it 50 for 50!
Two-Thirds of Millennials Disgusted with "Binary Choice" Between Trump & Clinton
Rand Paul among only 6 Republican Senators to vote Nay on a rider to expand Internet surveillance powers in reaction to Orlando
'Frustrated' (Nebraska) State Sen. Laura Ebke switches from Republican to Libertarian
RonPaul.Com Founders Endorse Trump, Receive Vicious Backlash
If this election doesn't convince voters why government ought to be small, then we're doomed
The Clintons War on Drugs: When Black Lives Didnt Matter
The DEA moves to ban an herbal supplement that gets people off opiate addiction, because it cuts into pharmaceutical opiate profits
Gary Johnson is running again.
FBI admits it uses stingrays, zero-day exploits
Rand Paul praises Edward Snowden for doing 'a service' to the U.S.
My fortune cookie message was quite libertarian today.
[Thomas Simmons
Spread the word! CNN Town Hall with the Libertarian ticket!
The Bill of Rights Ensures the Government Cant Do Whatever It Wants - "Unfortunately, many of members of Congress believe that those four wordssomething must be donegive the federal government permission to do whatever it wants."
For r/All: Read about Gary Johnson, the 2016 Libertarian presidential candidate!
Wisconson at 16%, Johnson beating Trump among blacks and more great news!
Austin Petersen endorses Gary Johnson.
The other other choice, everyone
Justin Amash on Twitter: "Nothing better illustrates the phoniness of politicians than the ease w/ which they shift from blasting one another to praising one another."
It's time for Republicans to consider the Gary Johnson option
Libertarian Party sees spike in registration, fundraising
New Quinnipiac Poll: Gary Johnson 13% Nationally
The reality of gun control
"Those two Libertarian weirdos don't stand a chance!"
Traffic Camera Company Lies and Colludes With Local Governments to Violate Rights
The Daily Show totally misrepresents Gary Johnson and Libertarianism
Gary Johnson Polls: As Libertarian Candidate Continues To Climb, Support Grows To Include Him In Presidential Debates
Justin Amash on Twitter: "Democrats are staging a sit-in on the House floor. They refuse to leave until our Constitution replaces due process with secret lists."
Proposed Minneapolis ballot item would require police to carry insurance: Supporters say change would add incentive to avoid misconduct.
"There are now twice as many people searching for information about Johnson than there were people searching for information about Sen. Rand Paul when interest in him as a presidential candidate spiked earlier in the year...."
More than 900,000 People Tuned In to Watch This Weeks CNN Libertarian Town Hall
Just Before Passing Surveillance Expansion, Lawmakers Partied With Pro-CISA Lobbyists
This has never been more relevant than this election.
Americans Tilt Toward View That Government Is Doing Too Much
BREAKING! Wikileaks e-mail shows Donald Trump as a "Pied Piper Candidate" elevated by the DNC and MSM to hurt GOP!
Help Libertarian ticket of Johnson-Weld appear on the Alabama ballot on Nov.8
Let's get Gary in the debates: Tell the ABC/Post Poll to include Gary Johnson! (x-post from /r/garyjohnson)
You guys ordered Pizza?
Gary Johnson to appear on Real Time w/ Bill Maher
The US is dropping bombs quicker than it can make them
"In 2014, for the first time in recorded history, police seized more money and property from citizens than all burglars and thieves combined"
VIDEO: Undercover officers beat wrong man, choked unconscious, order witnesses to delete video
TIL the median wait time to see a health care specialist in Canada has doubled since 1993.
Unfortunately, this isn't actually satire
A couple of my Facebook friends still know what's up
Hillarys State Department Stopped Haiti From Increasing Its Minimum Wage to 61 Cents
Freethevote.us pairs you with someone on the other side of the aisle so that you both can vote third party without "guilt"
CNN Libertarian Town Hall Mega Thread
Gary Johnson at 10% in Latest NBC/WSJ Poll
Celebrities endorsing and contributing to Gary Johnson 2016!
Right on the money...
Citizen Asks ATF: Do I Need a Federal Firearms License to Sell Thousands of Guns to Mexican Cartels?
How Presidential Non-Opinion Polls Drive Down Third Party Numbers and Facilitate Debate Exclusion
When you try to bring a different idea on r/Hillaryclinton
Dilbert Creator Scott Adams now supports Gary Johnson
Gary Johnson at 11% in Morning Consult poll
Is Gary Johnson the Fittest Presidential Candidate Of All Time?
Living among liberal progressives
The 2 Genius Choices.
Gary Johnson pens CNN op-ed
Drug Dogs Don't Even Have To Be Right Half The Time To Be Considered 'Reliable' By The Courts
BREAKING: Mitt Romney Calls for Johnson and Weld to Be in Debates
Anyone else notice the AMA last night had almost 9000 upvotes and now only has around 3000 and declining slowly? It was double the ITT Tech closing story, now that story is back on top and the AMA buried.
There is an alternative #MakeAmericaSaneAgain
Has There Ever Been a Better Time for More Choice in America? - Let Gary Johnson Debate!
NFL Subsidies: Taxpayers Left High and Dry After Rams Move to Los Angeles
6 years ago.....
Cop tricks person into putting out a cigarette to use that as an excuse to arrest him and search his car
The Most Important Question About ISIS That Nobody Is Asking - "who is the commodity trader breaching every known law of funding terrorism when buying ISIS crude...why is it that these governments have allowed said middleman to continue funding ISIS for as long as it has?"
Gary Johnson polls at 12% in Fox News National Poll
Gary Johnson Will Be On the Ballot in NY
LP Statement of Principles: "We hold that all individuals have the right to exercise sole dominion over their own lives, and have the right to live in whatever manner they choose, so long as they do not forcibly interfere with the equal right of others to live in whatever manner they choose."
Rigging the Election - Video II: Mass Voter Fraud
I PROUDLY "threw away my vote" today for Johnson/Weld!
Dont be surprised if Aleppo flub helps Gary Johnson rise to 15%
All the Gary Johnson opposers this morning
Gary Johnson polls 13 percent in a Utah poll.
Gary Johnson: "legalizing marijuana will lead to less overall substance abuse because people are going to find it a safer alternative than everything else out there, starting with alcohol."
WHY Bernie Sanders supporters are switching to support Gary Johnson.
Cops Who Killed 6-yo Boy Lied About his Dad Having a Warrant & Gun  He Had Neither
Mom Arrested, Charged with Felony Child Endangerment for Treating Her Own Disease with Pot
Jill Stein knows where to stick the War on Drugs
The naked truth about the mind numbing double standards of the mainstream media
As of today, I have officially left the Democratic Party and will most likely vote for Johnson (as I did in 2012). And there is still a route for him to win.
Johnson/Weld's $15 for 15% on the 15th money bomb reaches its goal of $1,500,000! Throw another $15 on there and let's push this over the top!!
Hey, r/SandersForPresident and r/all, Gary Johnson has a quick pitch for you [Video
Gary Johnson smoked marijuana seven weeks ago, but says he will stop during his run for office because he wants to be "completely on top of my game."
A classic conundrum
Student Loan Subsidies Cause Almost All of the Increase in Tuition
John Stossel: "after years of reporting, I've concluded that most politicians have little to say that's interesting, and many are craven opportunists, desperate to rule over others. When we have a choice, Americans ignore politicians. That's usually a good thing."
Gary Johnson Siphons More Support from Clinton Than Trump In New Poll
I own BernieSanders.co
Police to Take Valuables from Unlocked Cars to Stop Break-Ins
Big Boi - "Bitch I Voted for Gary Johnson"
Big Boi from Outkast is a voting libertarian
Progressives spent 85 Years Pushing Presidential Power Far Beyond its Constitutional Limits. Now the NYTimes Panics at the Prospect of Trump with the Power of the Imperial Presidency.
Insure the Police
Gary Johnson, Libertarian, makes his pitch for the presidency
Turns out Bernie's tax plan would be horrible for the economy.
Rhode Island confirmed: Johnson/Weld on ballots in all 50 states
"I understand that the NSA was an executive order under Truman. If that's the case then it seems to me that there can be an executive order to turn the satellites away from all of us." - Gary Johnon
This may surprise you to hear, but Im ready to defend the proposition that Gov. Johnson can win, Republican Congressman Scott Rigell of Virginia told CNN Wednesday.
CNN to Host Second Town Hall With Gary Johnson and William Weld This Wednesday
Libertarian Candidate Lily Tang Williams Awesome Interview
Gary Johnson on guns, lists, and due process
DEA Releases New Drug Overdose Death Figures: Guns Safer than Prescription Drugs
Sen. John McCain (R) withdraws support for Donald Trump
Democrats Trying to Tell Third Party Voters They "Can't Afford to Vote Their Conscience" This Election
You know Gary Johnson is getting more attention if TMZ is ambushing him
As Both Parties Are Losing Voters, Gary Johnson Is Winning Them
Gary Johnson Comes Out Against No Fly, No Gun Proposal
Johnson Endorsed by Two Montana GOP State Reps
Rep. Mia Love wants to limit congressional bills to one subject at a time
Sen. Bernie Sanders Booed Loudly after Clinton Endorsement
I'm good then, right?
Austin Petersen: "If today you find yourself simultaneously defending the rights of gun owners, gays, and Muslims, you just might be a libertarian."
Unlawful gun owners commit 80 percent of gun crimes
Big Boi - "Bitch I Voted for Gary Johnson"
A Facebook friend's response to the recent Uber shutdown in Austin. The free market always finds a way
Ron Paul: I'll make my vote count by voting 3rd party this presidential election
Gary Johnson Wants Bernie Sanders Fans' Support After Hillary Clinton Wins
Megyn Kelly exclaims "Where's Gary Johnson?" when considering the choice between Trump or Hillary. (very short :15)
Rand Paul calls Hillary Clinton a Neocon
Edward Snowden on Twitter: "Break classification rules for the public's benefit, and you could be exiled. Do it for personal benefit, and you could be President."
Actor Michael Ian Black Uses Paris Terror to Mock U.S. Gun Laws Mid-Attack
School Cops Threaten Eighth Grader With Felony Forgery Over [Real
Drew Carey hosts fundraiser at home for Libertarian candidate, Gary Johnson.
Gary Johnson at 12% in latest IBD/TIPP Poll
Cop sued for drawing gun on man filming him
LA unions call for exemption from $15 minimum wage they fought for
Felony charge dropped for man after passing out jury rights fliers. (Same court is trying it as a misdemeanor now). The state actively tries to keep its citizens ignorant of the very laws that govern them.
The Republican Party Should Formally Endorse Johnson & Weld
We Must Defend Everyones Rights Even if We Disagree With How They Exercise Them
Crowd erupts in laughter after former Florida Gov Charlie Crist claims Hillary Clinton is honest.
Make America Free Again: We shouldn't aspire to be a great nation. We should aspire to be fully free persons.
/r/Politics mods removing links to JohnsonWeld.com but not HillaryClinton.com
A libertarian, free marketeer was just elected mayor of Johannesburg South Africa
See, nobody cares!
Bill Kristol: "I'll make you this promise. If it's September 1st, and there's no other independent or third party candidate besides Governor Johnson, I will fight hard to get Johnson on the debate stage. Let him make his case to 75 million Americans, and at that point anything will be possible."
End the Drug War. Vote libertarian
Irony at the NYT: Taxation by ISIS is "violent extortion"
Im voting for Gary Johnson because its the only way to make my vote matter
Handy dandy guide to government spending
New York Times pushes propaganda once again just like they did for the Iraq war, this time propaganda to push for gun bans!
John Adams on a two-party system
How the 3 Presidential Candidates reacted to the tragedy in Orlando. (x-post /r/GaryJohnson)
Bernies Nordic fantasy
Thomas Simmons Libertarian for Congress In Mass. Within the Margin of Error Against Incumbent
Sen Rand Paul: Hillary Clinton Should Not Be Above the Law
Katie Couric -- Lying In Anti-Gun Documentary
Corporations would have too much power under Libertarianism
Though Favored Among Military, Johnson Excluded from Veterans' Forum
Do Black Lives Matter? Raven Symone Voting For Gary Johnson
Bing presidential canidates includes Jill Stein but not Gary Johnson! Bug em about it so we can reach the 5 or 6 people who DO use bing
Gary Johnson Beats Hillary With Independents, Reaches 12% Nationally
Why isn't the NSA a hot topic in the US elections?
Thermal Imaging threat and intimidation by Fresno Law Enforcement.
87-year old woman in Germany sentenced to 10 months in prison for saying the Holocaust was a lie
Audit the Fed will get a vote in the Senate on Jan. 12 - and you can help get it passed
Austin Petersen: "The response to Gary Johnson not being libertarian enough for you isn't to support the statist Trump."
"This is CNN" Reason
New Mexico GOP state senator backs Johnson over Trump
This pretty much sums up my opinion of this election.
CNN Cuts Feed Of Rep. Chris Collins When He Brings Up Wikileaks & Hillary Clinton
Mother of five arrested for not cutting grass
Could Donald Trump lose the millennial vote to Gary Johnson?
Is This Gary Johnson/Bill Weld Spot the Greatest Presidential Ad
From #FeelTheBern to #FeelTheJohnson? Gary Johnson sees huge jump in new poll
I met Ron Paul the other day!
Super PAC that supported Kentucky U.S. Senator Rand Paul's 2016 presidential run is now backing libertarian candidate Gary Johnson
Nancy Pelosi LITERALLY calls to "create an echo chamber throughout America" to strip 2nd Amendment rights without due process
Gary Johnson Could Win Utah
Observation
Millennials like socialism  until they get jobs
How Pigs Behave in a Single gif
It's the only thing left for Gary Johnson to climb. (X-post /r/CheckYourJohnson)
Gary Johnson to Unhappy Republicans: Call My Office
The Bing Political Index DOESN'T even include Gary Johnson, but it DOES Include Stein.
The top comments from r/news's megathread are all deleted except one. Welcome to censorship.
The New York Times Accurately Portrays Hillary Clinton as an Unrepentant Warmonger
Vermont Senate approves marijuana legalization 16-13
Rand Paul Went On The Offensive, Reshaped The Debate And Had His Strongest Performance Yet
17% of early voters in Florida voted 3rd party
In U.S. presidential race, Arizona is home to best chance for a spoiler - The Libertarian Party nominees best chance to influence the presidential race may come in Arizona, where the former New Mexico governor appeals to a group of finicky conservatives who make up part of the GOP base.
Bernie supporters should take a look at Gary Johnson and Bill Weld. They might like what they find.
University of Kansas mob surrounds conservative students, suggests they leave school - The College Fix
Libertarians can swap in Gary Johnson's name on Ohio ballot, Jon Husted rules
NBC/WSJ Poll Puts Gary Johnson at 10% Nationally in 4 Way Race
Colbert: Gov. Gary Johnson & Gov. William Weld Are Not "Fringe" Candidates
Florida Airport for the WIN. PGD fires TSA and hires private security firm ISS Action.
Gary Johnson has reached 1 Million likes on Facebook!
Isn't Bernie just awesome?
September 6, 1984: Ron Paul Warns of Surveillance State - Don't Ever Say We Weren't Warned.
In a lawsuit filed in Chicago federal court, multiple plaintiffs are alleging that the Kane County Sheriffs Office is running a racketeering scheme for their own benefit under the auspices of asset forfeiture.
Why is CNN still a news source?
Jesse Ventura: Why I'm voting for Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson for president
Minimum Wage Effect
Bernie supporters are starting to ruin this sub
Gary Johnson will be the greatest jobs president in American history
Supreme court justice Antonin Scalia dies at 79 | Law
Glenn Beck Likely To Vote For Gary Johnson
Senator Elizabeth Warren attacks Republicans for ignoring the Constitution while she ignores their constitutional right to block any presidential appointment for any reason
Union Leader of New Hampshire Endorses Gary Johnson Over Donald Trump
AnCaps Be Like
Poll suggests voters want Trump, Hillary alternative
Let me get this straight, I should vote with her because...
Cops put guy in a body bag like restraining device, even though he wasn't struggling. Completely covering his entire body, and kept him that way for over 20 minutes before he was taken away. All over a $2.75 subway fare.
Poll: Libertarian Johnson beating Trump, Clinton among active troops
Watch Libertarian CNN Town Hall Stream Live: Gary Johnson, William Weld Face Voters In Prime Time As Party Gets Big Break
No, You Dont Get Moral High Ground over Third Party Voters: "voting for Clinton to save the country from Trump would still not make people ethically superior. If voting for Hillary Clinton is the lesser of two evils, it is still evil, and you dont get to escape culpability for that."
Gary Johnson cuts into Clintons lead
WATCH: Ben Swann DESTROYS Notion That 3rd Party is "Wasted Vote"
Americans have a right to know that Hillary Clinton employs an illegal network of domestic political terrorists that use violence to influence public opinion. Democracy and freedom are not compatible
Bill Weld: Media is publishing made up stories about me.
My roommate hung up a Donald Trump flag on his side of the room. I'm no hypocrite, I let him put it up. But you bet I had a Gary Johnson flag custom made just to compete.
Gary Johnson defends freedom of speech and freedom from thought policing
Here's Why Gary Johnson Polling At 11% Nationally Is A Big Deal
Gary Johnson is officially running for POTUS 2016
End Needless Interactions With Police Officers During Traffic Stops: A broken taillight does not require armed agents of the state to approach a motorists window.
Team Hillary is working overtime to block former Secret Service officer Gary Byrne from appearing on ANY broadcast network. Byrne is set to reveal what he observed inside the White House while protecting the First Family in the 1990s. 'What I saw sickened me, I want you to hear my story.'
Our First Reaction to Orlando Should Not Be Partisan - Democrats and Republicans endorse violating the 1st, 2nd, 4th, 5th, 6th, and 8th Amendments in response to the attack. About the only thing we are missing is a call to quarter troops in our homes.
Fox poll: Gary Johnson at 10% nationally
Uber offering horse and buggy rides to protest regulations
At this rate, ignoring Gary Johnson isn't a luxury the other parties will have.
Gary Johnson's newly updated website rivals those of Clinton/Trump.
Gary Johnson Polls At 11% In GQRR National Poll
With all the recent news I decided today is the day for this.
Gary Johnson interviewed by the New York Times
Congress Passes Law Permanently Banning Internet Taxes
Felony Charge for Selling a Wisconsin Beer In Minnesota: Americans, This is Where We Live
Joe Rogan: [Gary Johnson
Germany To Lower Educational Standards For Benefit Of Migrants
What the fuck YouGov
The ACLU Is About to Launch a Campaign Asking Obama to Pardon Edward Snowden
IBD poll: Gary Johnson rises to 1st place with young voters
Gary Johmson: If we had a free market model for health insurance, we would have insurance to cover ourselves for catastrophic injury and illness and we would pay-as-you-go in a system that was very, very affordable"
If You Criticize Hillary Online Be Prepared to Confront One of Her Paid Trolls
Gary Johnson polls at 9% in NBC News National Poll
Billionaire moves from New Jersey to Florida. Facing tax losses, New Jersey government must reassess budget forecasts.
Leaked DNC emails the final straw: Cannot support the status quo, I will vote for Gary Johnson.
It is better to vote for what you want and not get it than to vote for what you don't want and get it. -Eugene V. Debs
Police Shootings are Everyone's Problem: Harvard Study Finds No Racial Bias in Police Shootings.
Great article slamming the war on drugs, and Barack Obama. This is the legacy of all our modern presidents, mass incarceration.
Flashback: The Maryland State Police classified 53 nonviolent activists as terrorists and entered their names and personal information into state and federal databases that track terrorism suspects. (And some people want to ban gun sales based on that list?)
ABC: Include the Libertarian Party Nominee in General Election Polling
Gary johnson is now included!
Real Clear Politics Has Finally Added Johnson to the GE Polls
Rand Paul: "Use It Or Lose It" on Gov't Spending Needs To Stop
Now that the RNC is over, it's time for Romney and friends to endorse Gary Johnson wish will push him over 15% to get him into the duopoly's debates, and then anything is possible.
Let's not forget, there are literally hundreds of Libertarians running for state and local offices this year who need our support as well
"Why do we tell adults what they can put in their bodies?" - Gary Johnson
Rand Paul Slams CNN After Its Reporter Is Caught Colluding With Hillary Clinton'
"Sharing Economy" Reveals that Licensing Laws Are Really About Shutting Down the Competition
CNN Headline News blurs out a man's Trump for President shirt while explaining how he saved a baby from a hot car.
Bill Weld: "Mr. Trump, Instead of Re-Reading the Art of the Deal for the 400th time; Take out the United States Constitution and Read it for the First Time!"
Rand Paul has double the amount of votes that Jeb(!) Bush has.
Larry King says he's voting for Gary Johnson!
The amount of Gary Johnson support I'm seeing on my Facebook news feed is just unreal.
Wikileaks releases Smoking Gun Email of Hillary Clinton instructing her staff to remove classified header and send it through a non-secure fax
Poll: Gary Johnson largely unknown and drawing double digits
Man has $20,000.00 stolen from him by police; money not returned even after prosecutor tries to drop forfeiture case
Rand Paul Criticizes Congress On $1.1 Trillion Omnibus Spending Bill That No One Read
Richmond Times-Dispatch endorses Gary Johnson for president
Libertarian Elected Mayor of South Africa's Largest City
Days after the Obama administration approved a major arms sale agreement to Saudi Arabia, Republican senator Rand Paul of Kentucky is considering blocking the move
Psychiatrist notices that many people diagnosed as mentally ill are simply just anti-authoritarian.
If I was Gary Johnson...
Gary Johnson at 12% in Fox News Poll, Leads Clinton in Independents
Post-Debate, Is Rand Paul Back?
BREAKING: New York State Independence Party Endorses Johnson/Weld
Make sure all of you are in your homes before curfew
The naked truth about "you must always listen and believe automatically all the people who cry and claim that they were raped!!!"
Libertarian Gary Johnson Gets 11%
Clinton Keeps Saying Trump Would Start A War, But She Actually Started One In Libya
On the anniversary of 9/11 lets remember when Ron Paul would not stand down and give up our Liberty for war mongers
Saw a Johnson/Weld booth at a cannabis conference in Portland!
Study finds Uber "lowers the rate of DUIs and fatal accidents".
President Obama Wants a Back Door on Your Phone. But Not on His
TSA Confiscates 5-Year-Olds Disney World Toy, Throws It Away As He Cries
UN deletes tweet calling free market an "urgent threat" - UN Watch
Obama presidency to end with $20 trillion national debt
NEW POLL: Johnson in 2nd, Trump in Nose Dive with Voters Under 30
Hey r/all 2016 Presidential Candidates Johnson/Weld want to know are #YouIn?
Muh Roads!!!
Wearing Dont Tread on Me insignia could be punishable racial harassment
North Carolina LP will have 18 candidates on the 2016 ballot
South Park and The Book of Mormon co-creator Trey Parker says he'll "probably" support Gary Johnson
Police kill family dog at child's birthday party
Help Gary Johnson/LP get on the Ballot in PA!
President Obama Uses Panama Papers to Condemn Government Corruption Demand More Power for Government
Police Across America Celebrate Freedom this 4th of July with Forced Blood Draw Checkpoints
Female Student Said, 'I'm Fine and I Wasn't Raped.' University Investigated, Expelled Boyfriend Anyway.
City of Fort Worth Levies $3,000 Fine to Raw Milk Dairy, Located 40 Miles Outside of City Limits
University of Alabama students stage protest on campus against racism: demands include separate spaces, funding, recruitment and programs based on race.
Saw a friend post this and Lol'd
CNN Libertarian Town Hall Stream going live now. Tune in at 9pm
Rand Paul pushes new bill to thwart Obama action on gun control
Gary Johnson will be on Meet the Press this Sunday
Vermont college that Bernie Sanderss wife once led is closing due to too much debt.
The IRS to Michael Phelps: "You Didnt Win That" -- This year, the IRS will impose a nearly 40% victory tax on athletes who take home gold, silver, and bronze medals for the United States.
WikiLeaks: Email Shows Bernie Sanders Was Paid Off to Support Hillary
I think it's kinda built-in to the idealogy
All Gary needs is 33.4% in the polls and he's the frontrunner. But first he needs to be included. Then we NEED to get his name out there. USE THE UPVOTE BUTTON!
Mike Rowe to Bernie Sanders: Stop Telling Everyone College is The Only Thing
TIL the truth about our "privilege"
/r/All, meet your 2016 Libertarian Party Presidential Nominee!
Hillary Clinton on Assange "Can't we just drone this guy" -- report
"It's called Socialism Bernie"
/r/facepalm thinks National Socialism is not Socialism
Young black men killed by US police at highest rate in year of 1,134 deaths - Final total of people killed by US police officers in 2015 shows rate of death for young black men was five times higher than white men of the same age
Feel the Johnson.
Feminist priorities
Share with all of your Bernie friends to help get Gary to 15% in the polls!
Bernie Sanders: Cigarettes Should Be Illegal
Accurate
The 99 and 1 percent
How libertarians shower
Ron Paul on MSNBC says Gary Johnson isn't a true libertarian, will likely vote for Jill Stein instead.
Trump's no libertarian, but he represents what is likely to be a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to bring real change to a government that is bloated and self-serving
Stop Pretending Bill Weld is a libertarian
Safety vs Revenue
Hillary Clinton is done as well. Vote your conciseness
At the end of the day...
Rand Paul hints at end of presidential campaign
I would rather suffer through four years of Hillary Clinton than Donald Trump (Libertarian Argument)
U.S. Gov't Will Legalize Marijuana on August 1
Rand Paul will back Trump if he is nominee, like the good lil' republican he is.
Showerthought: Cops are like Muslims
Obamanomics summed up in one fallacy
History Repeating Itself
Gary Johnson on pirvate property
Illinois just made it a felony to record the cops without their consent
This #Draftourdaughters meme is great
rekt
Rand Paul Gives Bernie Sanders An Education On Factual Policies
Press is lying. Clinton is NOT first woman nominated for president. It was Victoria Woodhull in 1872. More bias against anything not part of the two party rigged system.
It's nice to see both Stefan Molyneux and Thomas Sowell stickied at the same time on /r/The_Donald this morning. There are lots of libertarians / libertarian leaning people over there
All hail the great leader of the USSA
Surrounded by armed bodyguards and Secret Service agents, HillaryClinton declared that guns don't keep us safe.
Gary Johnson Announces Presidential Run, Renders Rand Paul Even More Irrelevant
Political spectrum: reality versus popular misconception
Don't Grab The Pussy...
Gary Johnson Shoots Himself in the Foot: Throws Out Austin Petersens Gun
Paul Joseph Watson on Twitter: Gary Johnson is why I had to stop identifying as a libertarian. He's made the term an embarrassment.
Trump supporter attacked in San Jose, left bleeding.
Can "libertarians" stop downvoting every single article/post that isn't about Johnson, but about the other LP candidates? What kind of bullshit censorship is it where their information and campaigns are religiously downvoted?
Please don't downvote peoples comments just because you disagree with their conclusions.
Trump supporters are idiots
Have you heard of Gary Johnson?
Let Gary Johnson debate
Libertarian VP Candidate Gives Up, Will Focus on Preventing Trump Presidency
Johnson has reportedly thrown Petersens gift in the trash
Hillary Clinton In 2013: I Would Like To See People Like Donald Trump Run For Office; Theyre Honest And Cant Be Bought
Constitution Party Candidate, Darrell Castle, Says Hes More Libertarian Than Gary Johnson
Republican supporters are starting to ruin this sub
Gary Johnson currently at 14% in NBC poll!
This is the reason no one respects libertarians...
Top 5 Ways Gary Johnson is More Libertarian Than Ron Paul
What a Difference 4 Years Makes
Global warming UN official admits its a fraud to end capitalism and redistribute wealth
The only acceptable response to the TSA for ladies of liberty.
How do you do, fellow libertarians?
Justin Amash: "'What is Allepo?' You think that's bad? @HillaryClinton doesn't even know what 'classified' means."
If Donald Trump is elected president he will audit the Federal Reserve
Death Threat-Laced F**k Donald Trump Music Video Celebrated By Media
Why 'Libertarian Socialism' is not on oxymoron
Black Lives Matter co-founder, an angry insane muslim woman named Yusra tweets prayer to the Pagan Moon God Al-Lah, asks for strength not to cuss/kill these men and white folks out here today
Unable To Name A Foreign Leader, Gary Johnson Has Another 'Aleppo Moment'
Libertarian VP Candidate William Weld: AR-15s Can Be "Weapons of Mass Destruction" and Handguns Are "Even Worse"
/r/libertarian is not remotely libertarian anymore
10 Reasons Why You Should NOT Support Austin Peterson
Banned as "low energy cuck" from Trump Subreddit
Democratic socialism is pointless
White Student Union challenges Black Lives Matter at University of Illinois
FBI Announcement
Bernie & Irony...
Karl Marx is the most assigned economist in U.S. college classes
Hillary Clinton speaking in support of video game censorship (2006).
[we are so f*cked
Hey guys, I am a socialist. I support Sanders (though I know he is not a socialist). Change my view. Please don't just downvote without responding, I just want to talk. (x-post from r/libertarianism)
Dumb commies.
The path to "Equality".
Romney, McCain, Bush, other major Republicans Set to Endorse Libertarian Gary Johnson for President
Let's Get Rand Trending on Twitter!
Students at Mizzou be like...
8/30/16: Hillary Clinton 42.3%, Donald Trump 45.1%
Libertarians are blowing a huge opportunity by acting like libertarians.
Bill Weld supports universal Obamacare mandate
Austin Petersen on the Glen Beck Show
U.S. West Point academy set for first woman dean in two century history
Hi, I'm a socialist with an idea.
The Heist Dinesh D'Souza : How Democrats Are No Better Than Street Thugs
Sorry, Anti-TPP Libertarians: In Modern Era, We Need Trade Agreements
Hello r/all, CNN will be hosting a town hall tonight at 9PM for the Libertarian presidential nominees, Governors Gary Johnson and Bill Weld. They are running on a fiscally responsible, socially tolerant platform. Please tune in and remember to use the hashtag #JohnsonWeldCNN
Some FB gold to start the day
No libertarian: Ron Paul slams Ted Cruz, says Sanders is more pro-free market. "Ron Paul said that of all the candidates running, socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) was the most free market."
I don't think the Sandernistas will understand this simple lesson
Gary Johnson fanatics right now
Ungrateful Illegal Immigrants Are Setting Fires To Refugee Centres In Germany
A True Grassroots Candidate
Gary Johnson and Bill Weld Presidential Campaign Dragging Libertarianism Through the Mud
Hey, remember that time 15 days ago when Gary Johnson called Clinton "a wonderful public servant" and Weld said she was an "Old friend" and "good kid"?
New Bill Would Turn GOPs Xenophobic Rhetoric About Refugees Into Law
Anarcho-capitalism in two sentences.
Protesting Donald Trump is Now a Federal Crime
Blind Hillary voters
As States Turn Away Refugees  All Paris Attackers Identified So Far are EU Nationals
What do you guys think? Would Austin Petersen be a better candidate?
Reddit Involved In Massive Cover-Up Of Clinton Cash, DNC Disaster, Wasserman Schultz And Wikileaks News
If you support UBI or large tax-funded programs (healthcare, college) you do not belong here.
A Ted Cruz sex scandal appears to be looming.
Why I'm voting Trump...
Picking a candidate in this election is like picking your favorite communicable disease.
Milo Yiannopoulos Plan to Wear Native American Costume to Yale Causes Chaos
Sanders Raised $16 Million From the Unemployed and Retired
Wanna know why I hope Bernie Sanders gets the Democratic nomination? Because Gary Johnson can beat him and Trump Handily.
Bernie Sanders Doesnt Know Diddly-Squat About Wall Street
/r/Libertarian can't comprehend actual/original libertarianism : socialism
Snowden Should've Taken Notes from Hillary
This Is How The Left Thinks: Ill Register My Drone When You Have to Register Your Gun
Mark Zuckerbergs $45 Billion Loophole
Just going to leave this here for all you boot lickers...
The Red Pill: the movie about men that feminists didnt want you to see
Mark Levin Reacts to Paris Attacks: Seal Our Borders, Thank God for the Second Amendment.
Six Reasons Libertarians Should Reject the Non-Aggression Principle (libertarianism.org)
Is it time to forcibly remove r/anarcho_capitalism from the side bar?
Dependence Day
Reminder: Anarcho-capitalism isn't Libertarianism
Libertarians who support Sanders
That's a lenin quote...
Trump Tweets Ron Paul
Hillary Clinton Giving A Drunk Interview In Response To NYC Bombing In Chelsea
According to the Political Compass website, the most Libertarian candidates are Sanders then Clinton.
Honestly this is pretty accurate.
I have shown from official data that a smart single-payer system would save so much money it would be the equivalent of eliminating the income tax for 99% of Americans.
Reminder that taxation is theft
How many progressives can we get to support this Hitler quote next to a picture of Bernie Sanders?
Bernie Sanders supporters in a nutshell
Oslo, Norway: 100% of rapes committed by 'non european immigrants' (muslims)
At Christmas, remember that Jesus was a refugee
We need to talk about u/harold_falcon
Donald Trump speech transcript. Wow.
Yuge! Dilbert creator Scott Adams changes his endorsement from Trump to Gary Johnson. #FeelTheJohnson
Guys can we not be r/politics and downvote people for not 100% supporting Bernie (Johnson in our case)
"The assumption is that someone whose label is Libertarian has libertarian values and would promote them in office. In the case of Johnson, that notion is absurd"
If you wish to keep slaves...
The R3volution Continues (Austin Petersen 2016)
Remember This When Ginsberg Passes: Hollywood Reacts to Scalias Death with Sarcasm, Jubilation
Dear Libertarians, what are your solutions to the mass shootings in the US?
Friedman and Hayek supported basic income. Should everyone else?
Bernie Sanders Hits Back at Trump's Call to Close Down Internet and Crush Civil Liberties
Ron Paul , yea!
Ron Paul: Send Marco Rubio To Outer Space Where He Belongs  /r/StandwithRand
SURVEY: Are You Satisfied With Gary Johnson As The Libertarian Party Nominee? - Liberty Viral
Bernie really cares, doesn't he?
Ted Cruz - KILL THE GAYS
Libertarian Spiderman
Taking In Refugees Is Good for America
Bernie Sanders Will Not be the Democratic Nominee, No Matter What Happens in the Primaries
Was Chipotle too busy avoiding the fake dangers of GMOs to focus on actual food safety?
Free market capitalism is working in South Korea
Rand Paul: Its scary people want to vote for Bernie Sanders: Look at the ultimate cause of what he is for, Paul said. It can only be accomplished at the point of a gun.
Koch Brothers Announce Intent to Donate Millions To Gary Johnson
NY Post exposed comrade Bernie as a communist
Libertarian VP Candidate Gives Up, Will Focus on Preventing Trump Presidency
What do Hillary and Building 7 have in common?
TimesofIndia.com: Mother Teresa Was Anything But a Saint, she was the creation of an orchestrated media campaign, who was generous with her prayers but miserly with her foundation's millions - Known as the apostle of the dying, she felt it was beautiful to see the poor suffer .. sodd her then :(
Hitlary Armed Neo-Nazi Militias in Ukraine
Libertarian nominee accepts rivals gift of Washington replica pistol  then trashes it
Petersen may be a douche but Weld is a statist.
Common anti-abortion ("pro-life") arguments refuted
On Trump We Had It Wrong
Trump Block: Google Chrome extension Filters out Trump - Makes Internet Great Again!
Bernie explains how to cut costs.
Trump Sexual Assault Accuser Sent Glowing Email To His Assistant In April
Reddit has set up a petition to remove "in God We Trust" as a motto of the United States.
Bernie Sanders: To Rein In Wall Street, Fix the Fed
#letgarydebate
Bernie Sanders 2016 entire platform summarized
Anti-Gun Senator Shoots Intruder
Bill Gates sides with feds in iPhone hack battle
Watch Bernie Sanders Try and Kill the PATRIOT ACT in 2002
Poof goes the legitimacy.
The Libertarian Party Can Have A Great Year, But Only if Gary Johnson Disappears
Trump supporter walks through Trump protest. Gets punched in the back of the head and told he's lucky to get away.
10 reasons that show global warming is not man-made. Physics Prof explains his switch to skepticism.
When I heard about the Panama papers
A Liberal having it both ways? Nah...
Leaked Audio: Hillary Clinton: "The Supreme Court is WRONG on the Second Amendment"
Rand Paul: The state is nothing but an instrument of oppression.
Aleppo? NEVER HEARD OF HIM!
Sums up the millenial movement
Why I Was Wrong About Libertarians
That's why socialism will never work
What's this you say about not voting for lesser evils?
Reddit Again Censoring Anti-Islamic Speech Following Istanbul Bombings
Recycling is a waste of time
Espionage much? Hillary furious, Bernie Sanders campaign caught red handed stealing Clinton Voter Data. DNC has suspended Sanders campaign.
Another white guilt liberal school teacher
War is a Racket
Ben Carson admits fabricating West Point scholarship: Carson's campaign on Friday admitted that a central point in his inspirational personal story was fabricated.
Cruz's Constitutionalism Trumps Trump's Trumpism: Why the Texas senator is the least scary of the remaining major-party candidates
Politico Edits Ben Carson Hit Piece, Drops Claims of 'Fabrication'
Abortion and private property...
Bimbo Dickins
Bill Weld is still pro gun control
Where is the Lie?
"Scientific" Paper Finds Liberals "Uncooperative, Hostile, Troublesome, Socially Withdrawn, Manipulative"
Libertarian and Pro-Life Too (A Word to Gary Johnson) (X-Post from /r/ProLifeLibertarians)
Some liberal bullshit.
Tired of being berated for being a pragmatist
#libertarians4trump
What's with all the hate against the 'non aggression principle' here in this sub?
Jesse Ventura is gearing up for a libertarian party run, don't let this socialist sympathizer get our party nomination
TIL Norwegian billionaire Johan Andresen said to Bill Gates: I have great respect for what you have done but, with all due respect, you do not know a shit about the crucial role played by the few private owners in a state-dominated country like Norway. So if you dont mind I will keep my money
THOMAS SOWELL ENDORSES TED CRUZ
How John Adams Predicted Bernie Sanders and His Acolytes
Noam Chomsky educates Molyneux about Libertarianism
Just so you remember who the real "violent militia" was.
IF the government didn't enforce patents, then what is the incentive for people and companies to innovate
"Gun ownership isn't some inalienable right granted by God." says the guest author at the Huffington Post
Dear Gary Johnson, There Is No "Free-Market" Carbon Tax
Libertarians, don't like Johnson/Weld? You have other options...
That could be a Mexican plane up there: Trump jokes about Mexico attacking America
A warning about a communist plot:
White Teen Girl Sends Nude Photos to Black Male. Police Arrest Him for Child Porn.
Don't mention taxation is theft on /r/politics....
White House Petition: hold Bernie Sanders personally accountable for his promise to save Americans $5,000 per year on healthcare.
Why Libertarians Should Embrace Feminism
Amherst: D'Souza DESTROYS Leftist College Student's Arguments
Flashback: Jimmy Carter Kept All Iranians out because of terrorism.
Donald Trump: Obamas Government Should Get Out of Kids Bathrooms, Locker Rooms
If Rand Paul were a Democrat, Reddit would be in love
Ron Paul Won't Vote for Gary Johnson, and He's Right
The disturbing data on Republicans and racism: Trump backers are the most bigoted within the GOP
Why Bernie Sanders is Actually Winning
Bernie Sanders is a Trojan Marxist Horse for Young Naive Liberals
Climate Alarmists Invent New Excuse: The Satellites Are Lying
Backstory of the Federal Governments overreach of the Hammonds family's property for over 100 years
How I feel about Hillary Cliton
Could we have some fucking rules for this subreddit?
No matter the lineup, the wars are guaranteed to come
Happy Easter Everyone
For when you want to elect an outsider to the White House by electing a career politician
How I see Bernie supporters
A Drone Was Used to Blow up a US Citizen Without Trial Yesterday. Let That Sink In
Hillary Clinton strategist Bob Beckel called for WikiLeaks editor Julian Assange to be assassinated
Only Democrats tend to support free trade: Republicans tend to say free trade has been bad for America, and most support higher taxes on imports
"Donald Trump and the Danger of American Ignorance" - An insightful Orlando Sentinel op-ed written by my former Austrian economics professor
An incompetent criminal is most likely going to win...because she has a vagina
Bill Clinton's furious face during the second debate
PJW - Gary Johnson is a Complete Idiot (watch it before voting)
Repeal the Civil Rights Act!
[x-post /r/adviceanimals
Damage to the Libertarian idea, party and this election.
Libertarians: what do you think of these proposals to prevent future terror truck massacres?
Bernie Sanders supporter arrested over Twitter threat to bomb Donald Trump's rally in Waterbury
I'm so conflicted
Donald Trump Has A Close Call With A Protesting THUG
Stephen Hawking Says We Should Really Be Scared Of Capitalism, Not Robots
Paris attacks: 60 reported killed. Gun control fail.
Austin Petersen, Candidate for the Libertarian Party Presidential Nomination
Who should you vote for?
The relationship between Bernie's socialism and the market summed up perfectly.
America Does NOT Have a Gun Problem.
Donald Trump vs The Establishment (credit goes to /u/trumpeffect for the video)
Gary Johnson: I'd be a continuation of Obama on ISIS
TRUMP: THE CLINTONS ARE CRIMINALS  REMEMBER THAT - Never in history have we seen such a cover-up as this
Several Women Reveal New Stories of Trump Inappropriately Touching
Experts said Arctic sea ice would melt entirely by September 2016 - they were wrong
"Gary Johnson... was asked by Chris Matthews to name a foreign leader he admired this evening. All he could do was puff his cheeks out and sigh."
As Our Jobs Are Automated, Some Say We'll Need A Guaranteed Basic Income
"The Jews did it and the Christians did it; it's time for Islam, as a whole, to decide what century it wants to live in."
Say it loud and clear...
Common Core: Surveillance And Sexualization Of Children
Why are there so many libertarians voting for the GOP this election?
This is what happens when you take Ayn Rand seriously
Hey y'all. Is this real?
Rand Paul drops out of race. Does that mean America hates freedom?
Trump proposes massive one-time tax on the rich to pay off national debt
More Evidence Found Of Turkey Supporting ISIS Which Means NATO Must Be
Ive Changed. This Is War. Seal the Borders. Stop the Visas.
Trolling in here has become pretty bad.
Trump warned us all about ISIS in France
Just Saw Gary Johnson Called Rand Paul "Libertarianish"
What are your critiques against libertarianism? Lets break the circlejerk for once
Why is this sub basically r/thedonald?
Thought experiment; This election should be: Rand Paul, Bernie Sanders, and Austin Peterson in the running
Ron Paul: Donald Trump Wants To Audit The Federal Reserve, The Secret Society Loves Hillary
Gary Johnson Says Illegal Immigrant is Incendiary To Hispanics
"The freedom to choose implies the freedom to decline any particular choice on any grounds."
Is Johnson-Weld a Libertarian Ticket?
Peter Thiel: Fake culture wars are a distraction from our economic decline.
UK Islamist: 'I Want To See Every Single Woman In This Country Covered From Head To Toe'
Ron Paul is a loon?!
Why do you support the right to own guns?
5 Reasons the Employee Rights Act Terrifies Union Bosses
A list of points we or Gary needs to address to make this campaign a viable one.
"Sadly, millions of Black voters will opt for Clinton, who helped cause more Black pain on a vast scale than any antebellum slave-owner"
Trump closing gap with Clinton, poll shows
The Most Bigoted Progressive on Earth | This is Gospel
A future conversation with a Trump supporter
A message from a Never Trump voter after today's elections.
Young girl demolishes the gender wage gap myth with common sense
John McAfee for President
Tax havens are for winners, which is why statists and communists hate them.
National Parks: Welfare for Middle-Class White People
How Sarah Palin Led the GOP to Donald Trump
Britain hopefully will leave the EU! London Mayor is backing it! :)
Poll: 20 percent of Trump supporters disapprove of the Emancipation Proclamation
Why are more innovative states "blue states" and less innovative states "red states"?
Sanderss Record, Filings Show Benefits From Super PACs, Links to Wall Street Donors
Bernie Sanders, The Bum Who Wants Your Money
Would a Libertarian believe in regulating banks?
Bradley Cooper, Jessica Alba and Jon Hamm Among 100 Celebrities Praising President Obama for New Gun-Control Measures
"Fear the Boom and Bust" a Hayek vs. Keynes Rap Anthem
Who is the GOP candidate, with a realistic chance of winning, that follows libertarian ideologies the most?
Donald Trump wants to close up the Internet
Prince Charles: The 15-page contract that reveals how the Prince of Wales tries to control the media
Cruz Condemns Colorado Shooting, Rejects Anti-Abortion Link
'Beyond terrifying': Muslim Americans shocked by Trump and Carson quotes
Black student accused of making false threat against blacks
Bernie Sanderss fiction-filled campaign
#ResistCapitalism
At least we can take her at "Face Value"
/r/libertarian really needs to get back to its, AKA, Friedman and Hayek. Enough with this Bernie shit.
Socialists kids maxed out their credit cards to support this guy - Bernie Sanders Just Paid $600,000 For A Summer Vacation Home
Let's drug-test the rich before approving tax deductions, US congresswoman says. the Top 1% Accountability Act, would force taxpayers with itemized deductions of more than $150,000 to submit to the IRS a clear drug test from a sample no more than three months old
Never forget when Sanders put this on Twitter. Looks like the revolutionary doesn't even understand the concept of collateral.
New poll: Gary Johnson surges to 14% in Utah, both major nominees have 70% disapproval ratings. We can win this!
Net Neutrality Is Government Censorship
Same Sex Parenting Does Not Hurt Children
ELI5: Why does this subreddit only hammer liberals?
Obamas war on coal is projected to cost us 125,800 jobs and $650 billion
Trump logic
She-riah law: Hillary kept Michael Savage on hate list
JOHNSON JUST MADE A $!M DOLLAR AD BUY!
Bill Weld Just Compared AR-15s to Weapons of Mass Destruction, & Said Pistols Were Even Worse!  Bearing Arms
NEW HITLER: Trump renews call to block Middle Eastern immigrants
The costs of carbon cuts? 'Mass starvation, poverty and strife': Scientist
How To Move To Canada (If Trump Becomes President)
It's Begun: Bernie supporters are now openly attacking Capitalism
Would you feel comfortable knowing this guy could walk into the same public bathroom as your 8 year old daughter? The only people the North Carolina law will impact is creepy perverts, so why is the left so angry about it?
Students beat and bullied me for being white
Bernie Sanders Hates the World's Poor, and Wants to Hurt Them
Donald Trumps First Amendment Getting Shut Down
Marx's own father's last letter said Marx didn't care about his family except to get money. He died 3 months later. Marx didn't attend the funeral but kept pressuring his mother for more money.
Donald Trump is a liberal
No Justice for Tamir Rice: Jury Will Not Indict Cops Who Killed Him
Trump was right, US presidents can ban entire classes of immigrants: The Law is federal code 1182, sec. f:
Request for a Genuine Profound Discussion: Can Libertarianism Coexist with Socialism?
Hillary Clintons Hometown Paper Endorses Gary Johnson
If Hillary Said She "Grabbed Men by the D*ck," Her Supporters Would Make Excuses For Her
How Obama creates jobs by destroying the coal industry
r/socialism has turned to glorifying Soviet snipers
Ted Cruz flip flop compilation [Pls share! It's time to take this FAKE-everything down!
CLUELESS: Gary Johnson is grateful 'nobody got hurt' in Chelsea and Minnesota
GARY JOHNSON SAYS: "I WOULD SIGN THE TPP"  REGATED
Milo Yiannopoulos Proposed a Gay-Conservative Alliance and the Pro-Trump Crowd Loved It. 'The left does not own homosexuals anymore,' said Yiannopoulos
Do you like Ted Cruz?
Introducing /r/HillaryForPrison
It's so cold I saw Bernie Sanders with his hands in his OWN pockets!
Bernie Sanderss $15 an Hour, Flawed
Stefan Molyneux: The Truth About Gun Control
What Rand Pauls Totally F**ked Campaign Says About America
Connecticut Governor: "The Syrian Refugees Can Come Here!" Strict gun control + syrian refugees = liberal paradise!
Six Reasons to Welcome Syrian Refugees After Paris
Why is the price so high?
Evan McMullin: If Gary Johnson Were a Real Libertarian, I Probably Wouldnt Be Doing This
Courtesy Reminder: /r/libertarian is not /r/garyjohnson
Libertarian Icon Ron Paul Says He Won't Be Voting For Gary Johnson. Prefers Jill Stein
Can we all agree here that "man made catastrophic global warming due to CO2" whether real or fraud is not about the environment, but about centralized control of human life?
Ted Cruz says he will vote for Donald Trum
Come at me Alepp-Bro!
Libertarian Case for Supporting Jill Stein
Libertarian Party Vice Presidential Candidate, Bill Weld, is Still Pro Gun Control
Gary Johnson Now Supports TPP
Macy's Fires Catholic Employee for Being Catholic
Who do you guys hate more, the right wing bigots or the regressive leftist? : exmuslim
Reddit Will Adjust Algorithm To Censor Trump Supporters Following Orlando Shootings
The Libertarians Fantasy Island: Why Gary Johnson (and Bill Weld) Have Little to Offer Frustrated Conservatives
Can someone explain the Weld V.P. nomination to me?
LP vice presidential candidate: "Nothing criminal in Hillary Clinton's email use"
William Weld, Libertarian VP Candidate, says Hillary Clinton a good Secretary of State, Has Done Nothing Criminal
Meet Gary Johnson's top pick for VP.
Governor Weld Endorses Obama
To all the "left" libertarians out there. if your idea of socialism has any sort of central authority. its wrong, and doesn't belong in libertarian.
Bernie Sanders supporters
Bill weld, libertarian VP choice, is famous anti gun republican.
Gary Johnson's running mate William Weld was a notorious anti gun governor.
If Sanders and Cruz supporters back him, Johnson wins with 45% to Clinton's 26% and Trump's 21%.
Milo, Trump, and White Identity Politics
Why McAfee should be the nominee
Healthcare: Sanders vs Paul
The Regressive Left has Become the Religious Right (Another 10/10 from Sargon of Akkad, Must Watch)
AMERICAN FASCISTS
Who is more dangerous, Sanders or Trump?
Glenn Beck's CPAC speech was...actually, not that bad.
Faith-healing couple will go to prison for manslaughter of baby
Bernie Sanders 2016 Parody Shirts
Ben Shapiro Destroys the Concept of White Privilege
The Untruth About Donald Trump
Bernie Sanders' Income Tax Brackets: How Much Would You Owe? -- The Motley Fool
I'm so mad.
Bernie is love, Bernie is life.
Star Wars Actor Wears Libertarian T-Shirt, Liberal Heads Explode
UK Police Now Have To Be MORE Prepared Thanks To Islamic Immigration
The real Michael Brown: watch video of cop kill unarmed and nonthreatening man.
Donald Trump: First Thing I'd Do Is Get Rid of Obama's Illegal Amnesty Executive Order That Says "Come On In" (VIDEO) - The Gateway Pundit
Why You (yes, YOU) are to Blame for the Rise of Donald Trump
Hillary Clinton - A Lying Compilation
To all those who think this PC crap and speech code has nothing to do with libertarianism...
Are Syrian refugees in the U.S. likely to be affiliated with ISIS? So far, the math suggests native-born Americans are a far bigger source of concern.
Dear Rand Paul  What the Hell Are You Doing?!
Mizzou College Football Team has just released their new fight song.
330,000 Cops Threaten Surprise for Quentin Tarantino, Promise to Hurt Him
Had to make a meme for class, thought you guys might like it too.
Sounds about right...
I'm tired of people saying voting libertarian is a waste of a vote. How could you vote for Clinton or Trump and say THAT isn't a wasted vote .
Trump is clearly no libertarian, but does this move the needle for anyone here?
Socialism Is Dead. Lets Move On. We Won.
Rand Paul Pledges To Jump Back Into Race If NH Paper Endorses Him
Republicans are so bullish on war that 30% would bomb a fictional country
Land of the Free...
While this has been coming for a long time, Super Tuesday finally broke me
Trump on Ron Paul.
Twitter Declares War On Conservative Media, Unverifies Breitbart Tech Editor Milo Yiannopoulos
#Feelthebern
Michael Moore - Why Trump Will Win
Ahhh! European millenials are breaking the conditioning! Rahhhr!
Libertarian VP nominee Bill Weld doesnt seem to know what concealed carry permit reciprocity is | Video
Political party bus dumping literal poo on street
Darrell Castle: Constitutionalists Should Forget the Corrupt GOP
PSA: Inflation is not taxation.
Is he doing it on purpose?
Molyneux's libertarian anti-tax Trump rant is getting a lot of upvotes on r/The_Donald
Weld: Clinton might be most qualified candidate
What is Aleppo? Brian asks Dr. Jill Stein (She's able to answer)
Dillary Tlinton debate
trailer GRINGO: the dangerous life of john mcAfee (2016) Documentary about the life of tech genius turned drug lord turned uS presidential candidate John McAfee. He might also be batsh*t Crazy. (X-post from /r/Documentaries)
Thomas Woods is a neo-confederate. Sources/links in the body of the post...
Reminder to the newcomers, read the sticky, get yourself familiar with actual libertrianism!
(VIOLENT) Anti-Trump Protesters ATTACK Trump Sopporters, Reject Free Speech, Right To Vote
Austin petersen actually reads this sub and read a comment from that retard https://twitter.com/AP4LP/status/768133862350139394
Rand Paul Has More than $300,000 in Unpaid Campaign Bills
Suppose There Were a Gang...| When a member of the gang gets killed while wearing the gang colors, "Polite Society" weeps and wails and tears at its clothing, acting as though the death came out of nowhere and was completely beyond understanding.
'Love Trumps Hate' Billboard Goes up Near RNC
Im an adult. Stop nudging me
I think focusing on winning the presidency is a giant waste of energy right now. Hear me out...
Can someone explain to me the link between fed monetary policy and employment in the US? As in why do people (keynesians) think fed policy can alter employment?
Donald Trump's Epic Meltdown | A news conference about his fundraising for veterans causes was the site of the scariest meltdown since the Fukushima nuclear disaster.
Businesses should be forced not to discriminate.
An open letter to the Libertarian Party
Yes, Hitler was a Liberal Socialist... | Louder With Crowder
Not Drug Criminalization, Not Long Sentences, But Felony Prosecution of Violent Crime Leads Drives Our Prison Population Size
No, the partial repeal of Glass Stegal did not cause not Financial Crisis, Government Housing Policy did: The Tom Woods show Ep. 638 Did Deregulation Cause the Financial Crisis?
Donald Trump isn't Howard Roark; He is James Taggart
Carol Bundy's reply to Harry Reid
Hillary: There are some persons who have no rights
The Case For Damages For Abortion
Can we get Bernie supporters over on the libertarian train?
And the winner of all the delegates is...
Human Liberty Is Doomed
On June 25, 2015, the Scottish Parliament passed the Air Weapons and Licensing Act. The law makes it an offence for a person to use, possess, purchase or acquire an air weapon without holding an air weapon certificate. If convicted, a violator faces up to 2 years in prison.
How would Libertarians deal with flint?
Can we start banning Sanderbots?
The Cowardly Maoist Communist Group
A TOXIC Hillary Scandal She Thought She Buried Was Just Dug Up- NOT What You Think
Is There a Libertarian Case for Bernie Sanders?
Politics of climate 'more like religion than science': CSIRO boss
Libertarianism to blame for Chinese smog: Sorry libertarians, we dont all live in bubbles of non causality. and property rights dont help you after you been poisoned, much less proving culpability when you live in a sea of polluters.
Heaven Forbid People Help People: Michael Moore Pens Letter Americans to Stop Sending Water to MI
#FeelTheBern: Sanders' Alabama campaign rally takes 'warming station' from homeless
Hillary Clinton calls for new sanctions on Iran
Obama Admin Stonewalling Investigation Into 113 Terrorists Inside United States
New York Times: Germany Should Close Borders, Conduct Mass Deportations, AND Merkel Must Resign
CNN engages in government propaganda, lies about doctors not reporting you to the FBI under new Obama gun control measures, while in the same article confirming that under a loophole they invented they do actually report you to the FBI and invade your privacy and doctor-patient confidentiality!
The Bill Clinton Effect: Why Liberals Treat Women Worse | Acculturated
Democide: The Greatest Mass Murderer in Human History is Government: 7,178 killed per day averaged over the last century
The man who exposed the lie of the war on drugs | Roberto Saviano already lives under armed guard after writing about the Neapolitan mafia. Now he is determined to uncover capitalisms complicity with the narco-lords of South America
Stand-Up Comics Have to Censor Their Jokes on College Campuses
FAA Finally Admits Names And Home Addresses In Drone Registry Will Be Publicly Available
Bernie Sanders Democratic Socialism FULL Speech - Georgetown Univ - Nov 19, 2015
Are Yale protestors the wealthiest group of people to ever protest in history?
NSA & CIA using US embassy to spy on Venezuelan State Officials
You should oppose socialized law for the same reasons that you oppose socialized medicine. (How to reach our friends on the right)
We're also increasing the number of Syrian and other refugees we admit to the U.S. to 100,000 per year for the next two years.
Libertarianism isnt Republicanism - Trump haters should find another place to hide.
BlackLivesMatter supporters have been celebrating the death of this man. Let that sink in.
Riots Reveal True Face of Sanders Movement
Bernie Sanders publishes tax returns showing $205,000 earnings following Hillary Clinton's challenge
Why don't liberal TV Shows like "Daily Show" and "Real Time" not bring educated scholars and Imams for debating Islam? Instead they bring actors and give their "opinion" about these things which they have very limited knowledge about?
Don't tell Bernie Sanders, but capitalism has made human life fantastically better. Here's how - AEI | Pethokoukis Blog  AEIdeas
Neil Peart: Rand Paul hates women and brown people
Male University of York Student Commits Suicide on Day His University Ditches International Men's Day After Pressure from Feminists
Probably will be downvoted... But can we talk about how literally every Libertarian podcaster is flatley rejecting the Johnson Weld ticket.
By decree of our King, get ready for a gun 'national registry.'
r/Politics isn't bias at all
Why is this so hard to understand?
Shit Social Justice Warriors Say
Friedman has a point about the drug war
"Your bumper stickers prove that was a lie."
Guns don't kill people, Hillary kills people
Scientists Finally Admit Climate Models Are FAILING To Predict Global Warming
Fight for wealth
The Huffington Post Is What Happens When There's No Men In The Room
Rockin my new #Libertarian attire on campus 
The most libertarian candidate isn't Gary Johnson
Bill Weld Doesn't Understand Guns Or Due Process, Supports Terrorist Watchlist Bans - Liberty Viral
Gary Johnson: I would sign the TPP
The Majority Of Muslims Agree On Sharia Law
Target CEO Clings To Transgender Mixed-Sex Changing Room Plan, Despite $10 billion Loss
The Daily Show Trashes Trump on Trade: Youre F-cking Crazy
Think we need taxes to pay for roads, schools, and hospitals? Think again.
Hillary's America | Documentary trailer HD | Dinesh D'Souza asks "what if the Democratic Party was out to steal the most valuable thing that ever existed? What if they were out to steal America?"
Who will build the roads?
Super creepy Ted Cruz talking about spanking his daughter and then spanking Hillary.
Oregon Patriots Are Standing Strong Against The Corrupted US Government
Turkey = ISIS
The fascinating history of how Jefferson and other Founding Fathers defended Muslim rights
"Ben Shapiro: Toughen Up Spoiled Children"; debunking white privilege, microaggressions, and BLM.
Rand Paul Escorted Off Stage After Falling Below 2.5% In Middle Of Debate
Vietnam vet BTFO of anti-gun "whiny little bitches"!
All of them. Hypocrites.
A trip to the bookstore...
No Can Do Allison
Is anybody else here a little burned out on Gary Johnson looking like a total dumbass?
Private vs. Public
Alt-Right cucks
To all of the old Trump supporters who are now learning about Libertarian ideas....
Pastor refuses to mourn Orlando victims | Um, no, I think thats great. I think that helps society. You know, I think Orlando, Fla., is a little safer tonight. He added: The tragedy is that more of them didnt die. The tragedy is  Im kind of upset that he didnt finish the job!
Trump's 'Make America Great Again' Hats Are Made With Cheap Immigrant Labor
Post reason.com articles to The_Donald to bring attention to Libertarian Party
Know-Nothing Pundits & Politicians Are So Wrong About Donald Trump's Foreign Policy Speech - They're only bashing it because it means their little party is coming to an end.
Bernie Sanders Praised Communists
Hillary's emails confirm France and US killed Qaddafi for his gold and oil
We get it, /r/politics. Bernie won Michigan.
Hey friends, Marxist here. I was curious about your views on ecology in a libertarian society.
The Big Short is a $28 million campaign ad for Bernie Sanders
Peter Hitchens Shuts Down The Meaningless Islamophobia Buzzword
First They Came for the Muslims
College Bans Yoga For White People Because Of 'Cultural Genocide Due To Western Supremacy'
So how do you brave libertarian defenders of freedom feel about Obergruppenfuhrer Trump's plan to tag all Muslims and create a database on them?
Socialist fuckwit Laurie Penny's insane ramblings
Bernie Sanders: Fascist for Mediocrity | Louder With Crowder
Sanders supporters right now
Sen. Rand Paul says that Hillary Clinton deserves five years in prison for lying to Congress about the true nature of the CIA operation in Benghazi that was attacked by terrorists in 2012.
We Need More, Not Less, Sexuality in Video Games
Ron Paul Won't Vote for Gary Johnson, and He's Right
What's a lepo?
Man, this is cringe worth. Gary is no libertarian and he is an incredibly awkward communicator.
Republican shills.
The Pilgrims embraced Bernie Sanders' economic plan and almost died
Oregon Under Attack
My problem with Sanders supporters
Trump: "Hillary Clinton lives a sequestered life behind gates and walls and guards, she mocks and demeans hardworking Americans who only want their own families to enjoy a fraction of the security enjoyed by our politicians."
Why do so many Libertarians on this sub support Bernie Sanders?
Trump's call for a ban on immigration is disgusting
Gary Johnson Shoots Himself in the Foot: Throws Out Austin Petersens Gun
Anyone else think Stefan Molyneux is running a cult?
Trump Supporter Punches Protester in the Face - cops handcuff victim and ignore man who threw punch
Wishing the Green Party luck.
Progressives hate Zuckerberg's charity because it isn't government
Camille Paglia: Transgender Mania is a Symptom of Cultural Collapse - I think that the transgender propagandists make wildly inflated claims about the multiplicity of gender,..'ultimately, every single cell in the human body, the DNA in that cell, remains coded for your biological birth.'
Well This is Interesting, Glenn Beck: Electing Hillary Clinton Is a Moral, Ethical Choice
I Guess Im Having an Aleppo Moment: Gary Johnson Cant Name a Single Foreign Leader
Are we still pretending that Gary isn't illiterate when it comes to national defense topics?
I don't believe that you're really a libertarian.
VIDEO: CNN Reporter Didnt Know He Was Still On The Air, Admits ' Watch What He Says !
Hey, is CNN hosting a Town Hall?
Is gary johnson really libertarian?
Look Whos Back: How a German Comedy About Hitler Predicted Donald Trump
Giant Meteor Polling Ahead of Gary Johnson at 13%
lifelong libertarian, voted libertarian in 6 presidential elections, starting with marrou in 92, but I have to say...
Bad Luck Generation (x-post r/AdviceAnimals)
As an Atheist Libertarian...
We're settlers. It's what we do. [I await your downvotes
Secret Service Agent Book Rocks Clinton Campaign - Posted directly outside President Clinton's Oval Office, Former Secret Service officer Gary Byrne reveals what he observed of Hillary Clinton's character and the culture inside the White House while protecting the First Family.
VA Hospital minipulated patient data
Libertarian Convention Nomination for President
Austin Petersen, one of the least libertarian candidates, is now leading online poll.
Here are 11 questions you can ask Libertarians to see if theyre hypocrites [So it Begins
Woman mistaken for transgender harassed in Walmart bathroom
Gary Johnson to be on Joe Rogan podcast
/r/nevertrump nears 1000 subscribers
Cut Puerto Rico Loose
Trump To Get More Primary Votes Than Anyone In History
By the numbers: US police kill more in days than other countries do in years
The smug style in American liberalism
Cool Anti-Bernie Wallpaper Photo was shared originally by TheWarlockk
Bernie's RightAmerica Should Be More Like Sweden
The "Bundy Sniper" Faces 115 Years in Jail. The Government's case: that his pro-constitution Facebook posts are "inflammatory" and "anti-government" and that he's a community organizer. Wow.
The Alt-Right Is Wrong: Trump Is an Enemy of Western Civilization, Not Its Champion
Sanders to Charities: Drop Dead
Ron Paul Endorses Ted Cruz for President
AMERICAN FASCISTS
Is there any other situation where a Libertarian says a living human is not a person besides abortion?
Trump Can Beat Clinton in November
This is what a horrific perfectly PC universe looks like. Oh gawd.
I guess these women don't count..
It Feels Good to Be a Clinton
Why Young Democrats Love Bernie Sanders | FiveThirtyEight
A free market model with food production would frighten almost anyone. Why is it okay for every other industry?
Is there anyone else with the same view on police than me?
Excellent Political Humor, Featuring Great Caricatures of Libertarians | International Liberty
Noam Chomsky on Workers' Control - "Workers ought to take over their own workplaces" (x-post /r/Socialism)
The Chardonnay socialists are not as left-wing as they think
Are Conservatives Really More Simple-Minded than Liberals? The Domain Specificity of Complex Thinking
Politician Says Its OK for Men to Pinch Womens Nipples if they Breastfeed in Public
Pastor to be Prosecuted for Preaching the Evils of Islam in Church
Given this, what's the libertarian view on homelessness?
Do the debates unfairly shut out third parties?
The libertarian case for a universal basic income
What is the difference between a state and a landlord?
Comment over at /r/funny "High taxes, when done right, bring more to everyone."
Donald Trumps Police State
Full Video Shows Chicago Cop Executing Laquan McDonald in the Street
Lets talk politics in the Universities and the cuddlification of the young "adults"
Woodrow Wilson was extremely racist  even by the standards of his time
"There's No Such Thing As ISIS": Journalist Destroys West's Terror Narrative, Warns Of Crackdown On "Dissidents"
#WhoFramedBernieSanders Hillary Clinton May Have Just Committed Election Fraud  And the Internet Found Out
Hey Buzzfeed, What About All The Times President Obama Bombed Little Kids?
Licensing...
Him or me...
Stefan Molyneux- Why I Was Wrong About Libertarians
I did not have sexual relations with that woman...
Help us, Gary Johnson, you're our only hope!
In 1990 Donald Trump praised the totalitarian, communist Chinese government for the Tiananmen Square Massacre
A letter to Bernie Sanders' voters
TIL Trey Parker is a Libertarian
When Someone Tells You You're Wasting Your Vote...
Libertarian Eel [OC
Why do you support Gary Johnson's open borders policy?
The Libertarian Case For Private Nuclear Weapons
Ban assault spoons!
""Anarcho"Capitalist" on Exterminating People | "Seriously, what would be lost? Their high productive ability? Their intelligent insight? What would be lost, if all those retards just disappeared? [...
A Universal Basic Income Is The Bipartisan Solution To Poverty We've Been Waiting For
Thomas Massie Gives His Thoughts on the Gary Johnson Nomination
Libertarian debate poll results
My friend posted the one on the left on Facebook. I corrected it for him!
Charles Koch: 'It's possible' Clinton is preferable to a Republican for president - Can they call themselves libertarian anymore?
Bernie Sanders illiberal supporters: Do they expect safe spaces everywhere?
Don't be fooled - Elon Musk's electric cars aren't about to save the planet
Americas two-party system is finished: Robert Reich, the former secretary of labor, predicts a People's Party will rise in 2020 to challenge the political establishment
Economics Rothbard on the minimum wage.
These are Bernie Sanders' proposed tax rates - what does everyone think?
Why the Libertarian Party should nominate John McAfee.
MSNBC's Chris Matthews Openly Calls for Rigging the Elections
New sub for anti Bernie stuff.
Rutgers students smear fake blood on themselves to protest Breitbart's Milo Yiannopoulos
Hillary Clinton will win because shes the true conservative in the race
Ben Carson announces his flat tax plan. 14.9 percent rate for all - no deductions, tax shelters or loopholes.
Politically Correct HOSTILE Journalist Gets SHAMED By PVV Geert Wilders MP
want to understand
Almost fell out of my chair laughing, "Offence is Never Given, Retard" -Sargon of Akkad
Libertarians Cant Believe in Closed Borders
Is r/enoughlibertarianspam satire or what?
While a rich white kid from Stanford gets only 6 months for rape! Keep telling yourself we're all equal.
Open Borders Is the Only Libertarian Immigration Position
Killary's Theme Song
Isn't closing the borders necessary in a welfare state. Conversely, wouldn't we have to end all government entitlements if we want open borders?
How is McMullin beating Johnson in Utah? I thought you had to be a former governor or the American people wouldn't take you seriously.
Larken Rose - Amazing Anarchy Speech | A Message to The Voting Cattle
The Only Libertarian Religion
Shunned for supporting natural marriage, former Mozilla CEO is back with new browser
Non leftists are always put under a microscope and are not allowed to slip while leftists can get away with everything.
Libertarians: what's wrong with taking a Rodrigo Duterte-like approach to crime?
Thomas E. Woods: Any civilized man must recognize in the abolitionists not noble crusaders whose one flaw was a tendency toward extremism, but utterly reprehensible agitators who put metaphysical abstractions ahead of prudence, charity, and rationality.
Unalienable rights" and "illegal alien" are contradictory phrases
Hillary Clinton Replacement being considered after pneumonia scare.
A Basic Income Would Upend Americas Work Ethicand Thats a Good Thing
Anybody watching Johnson on the five?
[HUMOR
Nato
"Beware DEFLATION", said the dying Roman. (more info in comments)
Rep. Thomas Massie: Trump is 'better than 90 percent of the congressmen I serve with'
The two-party system.
Libertarians have to believe that native Americans should hold title to the entire US?
'Not to share wealth with poor is to steal': Pope slams capitalism as 'new tyranny
If the attack on Nice happened in America would the left try and ban trucks?
Why do so many libertarians seem to not care about the border, or want all national borders dissolved?
Shameless self plug: Join /r/EndTheFed!
Is The Establishment Trying To Bury Trump With Political-Correctness?
California Highway Patrol wearing "Thin Blue Line" patches on their riot gear vests instead of U.S. flag
15 minimum ? there's app for that :3
Glenn Beck will appear on the Bill O'Reilly show tonight at 8 PM EST to announce who he is endorsing for president. Let's hope it's the LP!
CNN Panel Laughs At Stephen Miller When He Says Hillary Will Destroy The 2nd Amendment
Jogwheel has incredibly horrible experience with American Airlines...but at least they didn't steal from him like the government does!
William Weld was a gun grabber during his governorship
School Once Run by Jane Sanders Plans to Close After Expansion Fails
Police Now Arresting YouTubers for "Offensive" Videos
6 Ways Conservatives and the GOP Created Donald Trump (Their Nominee)
"Why Hillary Clinton is a lesser evil than Donald Trump" by The Volokh Conspiracy's Ilya Somin
No One Has Time For A Completely Free Market. A hilariously bad explanation why a free market would be bad for consumers.
Millennials' Political Views Don't Make Any Sense
Darryl W. Perry has a new subreddit! /r/darrylwperry
Why Compulsory Education Must Perish
How does one become a moderator?
Californias $15 Minimum Wage Hike Costs UC Berkeley Jobs
Socialism Isn't Cool
Donald Trump vs. Howard Roark: Who Could Build a Classier Buildin
I am Judge Gray and I am (NOT) a Libertarian
Trump vs Clinton: A Libertarian Dream?
The Campaign of Austin Peterson
The Non-Non-Libertarian FAQ
Compelling Evidence That U.S. Elections Are Being Manipulated:
John McAfee: The President We Need
Socialism and hunger: a quick reminder
An independent take on Bernie in Seattle today 3.20.2016
Walter Block Announces Formation of Libertarians for Trump
The curious absence of the Michael Crichton "State of Fear" essay about climate change.
CNNs Jeffrey Lord: Liberals get sucker-punched at Trump rallies because they provoke it
Feminism and icebergs: a new low in climate "science"
U.S. Soldier to Donald Trump: 'Hell No, Sir"
Me during the GOP debate watching people cheer to Trump advocating war crimes
How to use political correctness to get in the debates
What is a Libertarian approach to dealing with Climate Change?
Native Hawaiians hold constitutional convention to "establish a path for Hawaiian self-determination"
What Bernie Sanders Doesnt Understand About Germanys Free College
Jeb Is only in the race still because the Bush family strongly believes in "No Child Left Behind"
How big is the US debt?
Don't bite, I'm a Sanders supporter, but probably not for the reason others are. Help me find Libertarian politicians that share this viewpoint.
Woman who accused Bill Clinton of sexual assault to campaign against Hillary presidential run
The Clintons sordid race game: No one will say it, but the Clintons rise was premised on repudiating black voters
Thomas Woods On State Nullification
Sir Michael Caine backs Brexit as he hits out at EUs faceless dictators
LP Presidential Candidates Poll 2016
Curiosity: how would a Libertarian country (government) pay for infrastructure, healthcare, roads, bridges, parks, etc? How do taxes correspond with left leaning libertarianism? (Or libertarianism in general)
The US Government Has an Internet Killswitch  and Its None of Your Business
Academics Are So Lefty They Don't Even See It
Why many law-abiding gun owners don't trust Obama - CNN.com
Neocons Defend Saudi Arabia
If I knew anything about history I would be a socialist
What's Really Going on in Oregon! Taking Back the Narrative ! Great vid on actual Fed Rights.
Some Facts About the Bundy-Hammond Kerfuffle
Oregon ranching case sparks anti-government sentiment
UKIP: Douglas Carswell MP Interviewed On Hardtalk
Man charged with setting Houston mosque fire says he was a devout attendee
Libertarian Solutions to Certain Problems
Republicans or democrats?
What is the libertarian response to statists who cite that an unreigned free market led to exploitative child labor and other awful working conditions during the early 1900s?
The Biased BBC Admit To Receiving EU Funding Before The Brexit Referendum
Adam Kokesh AMA next week at /r/libertarianmeme
Limbaugh : "Disband the Republican Party..."
Colbert Slips to 4th Place in Late-Night Race, Beaten By Seth Meyers Who Airs One-Hour Later
Gun stocks rally after Obamas prime-time address on terrorism
Before the victim's blood was even dry, President Obama was on TV pitching gun control.
What's YOUR take on this?
Open Letters to Ross Ulbricht: A True Libertarian Hero
Unicorn Governance
The VW Fix Just Got a Lot More Expensive
8 Syrians Caught at Texas Border in Laredo. If true, please relocate these poor refugees to Washington DC.
Malcolm X warned us about what is happening now
EMT exercises planned for 5 terrorist attack sites on Nov. 13th, 2015
Democrat slams FBI for attempt to 'reach into Americas classrooms'
Free Boob Jobs for Teachers & Other K-12 Clusterf*cks: Kyle Olson of the Education Action Group (EAG) shines a spotlight on wasteful public-school spending.
'Dark Money' Funds To Promote Global Warming Alarmism Dwarf Warming 'Denier' Research
Trump and Sanders are the same totalitarian candidate
Senator Elizabeth Warren attacks Republicans for ignoring the Constitution while she ignores their constitutional right to block any presidential appointment for any reason
Don't like Gary Johnson? Vote for him anyways. If he gets just 5% of the popular vote the Libertarian party will have automatic balloting in all 50 states and government funding for future elections!
Rep. Debbie Riddle Aims To Ban Women Larger Than A C-Cup To Breastfeed In Public
It's time for Obama to lead or resign
The Death of Libertarianism and the Rise of the Alt-Right
The Alt-Right Is More Than Warmed-Over White Supremacy. It's That, But Way Way Weirder.
Dr. Drew "Gravely Concerned" About Hillary Clinton's Health
Can we chat about James Weeks stripping at the convention?
Gary Johnson Campaign Caught Bribing Delegates
Panama Bernie - How Bernie Sanders' Politics Produced The Panama Papers
Gary Johnson in Favor of Forcing Christians to Sell Cakes for Gay Weddings
For everybody saying it is not possible to support Bernie Sanders and still call yourself a Libertarian. Isidewith.com seems to disagree. I voted for Gary Johnson in the last election and with the way things are looking right now I probably will again.
Democracy Is a Scam
Psychologists and massage therapists are reporting Trump anxiety among clients
Ted Cruz: Apple Needs to Comply with the Court Order on Encryption, It's All Constitutional
Declassified Emails Reveal NATO Killed Gaddafi to Stop Libyan Creation of Gold-Backed Currency
20,000 libertarians pledge to move to the free state of New Hampshire
30% of GOP, 19% of Dems Support Bombing Aladdin's Country
UKIP Nigel Farage MEP Brushes Off Feminist Labour Jess Phillips' MP Pathetic Attacks
Wanna get mad? Read where Games Radar calls the Sith libertarians.
Rand Paul's surging popularity captured in one graph
Why Libertarians Shouldn't Teach Kindergarten
The crazy, conspiratorial, paranoid world of Hillary Clinton
This was the worst thing I ever watched, I wasted an hour
It does feel great.
Free speech my ass. These are fascists masquerading as conservatives, plain and simple.
Bill Weld: You shouldnt have anybody who is on the terrorist watch list buy any gun at all.
Fuck you, Will Coley!!!!!
.5% shy of winning!!! WTF delegates?
Austin Petersen: The charm of a pro-life Libertarian
The Mob Mentality of Trump Protesters | UTRS
Stop Whining. Nobody Owes You A Job
Whatever happened to the anti-fascist Left? | Nick Cohen
FEC Reveals Trumps Wife Donated Thousands To Hillary Clinton
Today is Ayn Rand's 111th Birthday; What's your favorite Rand quote?
Muslims Openly Reject Integration & The Laws Of The Land
Hillary Clinton is so good at promising things! She just gives and gives and gives. So generous! Brings a tear to the eye, doesn't it, folks?
'Blue Lives Matter' is the new 'Support Our Troops'
Most of you guys are on the wrong subbreddit, campaigning for Johnson/Weld belongs in either /r/LibertarianParty or /r/garyjohnson
The Liberty Movement Needs Austin Petersen
Dems in Senate passed a resolution in1960 against election year Supreme Court appointments
AnCaps supporting Trump over Johnson. Can we even call them libertarians?
'Libertarian'
The free market fights back against fast and affordable govt internet.
Cruz vs. Rand: Splitting Libertarian Sympathies
How come there aren't any libertarian countries?
The naked truth about the mind numbing double standards of the mainstream media
Trump's no libertarian, but today's 5-point plan to curtail lobbyists looks pretty good
FYI This is how r/politics moderators operate.
The Clinton Campaign Should Stop Denying That The Wikileaks Emails Aren't Validated; They Are And They're Real
How to eliminate the "gender wage gap"
Mike Rowe to Bernie Sanders: Stop Telling Everyone College is The Only Thing
Bernie supporters are starting to ruin this sub
How to close the wage gap
This is what happens you trust government: In Flint, Mich., theres so much lead in childrens blood that a state of emergency is declared. The city switched from the Detroit water system to using the Flint River as its water source, in 2014.
How I feel about my generation
Obama Just Gave Himself A MASSIVE Pay Raise... forever.
Congrats on that $15/Hr Minimum Wage
Cognitive dissonance: Watch what happens when AIPAC attendees slam Trump's racist comments then learn they were said by Netanyahu
When people unironically defend Socialism and Communism on the front page of Reddit
Socialism is unethical
Gary Johnson and Bill Weld are on 60 mins right now. Please share
Men Face More Sexism And Discrimination Than Women
Reagan may not have been a Libertarian, but he hit the nail on the head in this speech.
The Fact That The Libertarian Party Ever Nominated This Motherfucker Is Such A Fucking Joke...
Religious Liberty at Risk: California Judge Bans Jewish Ritual
Clinton's Corruption Level
"No one's forcing you at gunpoint to pay taxes!"
GOP hair care
Report: Aleppo Having a Gary Johnson Moment
Look at all the respect Gary Johnson is getting! No way a purist could pull this kind of respect and credibility on a national level off. This is why it's worth it to make whatever ideological compromises we can. Respect.
Dammit Gary ...
Why I Am a Left Libertarian
Damn... This really makes you think
The debate poll results are in!
Libertarian Gary Johnson Goes On Red Eye At Fox News [9/21/16
A Tale Of Two Conferences: Libertarians Vs The Alt Right
Constitution Party Nominee Darrell Castle Answers Questions-On the Jason Stapleton Program (x-post r/castleforpresident)
Student for Trump Asked to Leave for "Hate Language," Hat Stolen by Students [VIDEO
Current state of affairs on this subreddit
On Libertarianism and the Alt-Right
Not a fan of the Ku Klux Klan Robe and Hood, nor what it stands for, but freedom includes respecting those with different, even objectionable, lifestyles.
Libertarians are frequently banned from subreddits discussing issues such as feminism and social justice, so I felt there needed to be a subreddit that does not censor speech based on ideology or opinions.
If politicians took the $65 million they intend to hand out to the film industry and instead gave it to poor families, they could lift almost 3,000 families out of poverty and into the middle-class.
Why is the Libertarian Party screwing up this election opportunity so badly?
The truth about the Conservative fallacy of "blacks commit more crimes" and "black shootings are not racist". Unfortunately MOST black shootings have a RACIAL connotation
America Needs a Good, Old-Fashioned Economic Depression
Dallas police shooting: 'Black Power group' claims responsibility for police killings and warns of more assassinations to come
Justin Raimondo on Twitter: "Of course HIllary wasn't charged. Why indict 'a wonderful public servant,' right @GovGaryJohnson?"
"Trump, whose interpersonal charisma appears to be his only redeeming attribute, has won the hearts and minds of people whose social circles rarely extend beyond their disappointed parents." -- National Review's Kupfer on the Alt Right
Yellen the Felon
The Amazing Atheist: "Maybe it's time to support a third party."
Refugee outrage over Ramadan food at shelter turns VIOLENT, The fire burns the facility to the ground, causing $11 million in damages (Alan B West retired U.S. Army, politician)
Bill Welds Libertarian Conversion: At the age of seventy, Bill Weld, the former Republican governor of Massachusetts, has become the Vice-Presidential nominee for a party to which hes never belonged.
On gun control and Bill Weld resistance
Johnson Makes Little Dent in Clinton-Trump Race
Ron Paul's Message to America
Austin Petersen for Congress?
So Are We Now at a Place Where We Need Identifiers Like Neo-Libertarians (Johnson Supporters) and Traditional Libertarians (Those Who Oppose the Johnson/Weld Ticket)?
Libertarian Austin Petersen Makes Glenns Heart Skip a Beat
Double digits in multiple national polls or this?
For the Koch Brothers, Buying Elections Aint What It Used to Be
Michael Corleone to Bernie supporters...
I've just been banned from /r/The_Donald!
Am I on the right track here?
McAuliffe tells Republicans to 'quit complaining' about felons voting
EU Increasingly Resembles Soviet Union, Says Archbishop
Is there media bias?
Is it wrong to not allow Syrian Refugees to enter the U.S. if they do not have documentation?
Putting a ugly face to corporate cronyism since the 1970s
Enough sanders spam
Why Men Aren't Getting Married Anymore
The Four Things Libertarians Need To Become Mainstream
Everyone Gets Butt Hurt Even the Porcupines.
The FBI confirm they were lying all the time about needing Apple to hack an iphone
Anyone else not excited for Gary Johnson?
The Most Creative Way To Fight Citizens United Could Hit California
Reason Magazine subscription on sale for only $11!
Obama Nominates Merrick Garland to Replace Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court, "his record reflects a version of legal liberalism that tends to line up in favor of broad judicial deference to law enforcement and wartime executive power"
If Wal Mart can use its size and leverage to squeeze all their suppliers, why can't the US government?
So, according to my friend, Trump wants liberty. What the fuck.
What are the most egregious examples of PC culture on college campuses?
Dear Libertarians, please be aware that there are some committed Marxists who are pushing their snake oil in /r/futurology. Please don't brigade, just be aware. My comments against compulsory basic income in that subreddit get immediately downvoted by their gang
If any Republican candidate was really going defend the constitution they would be Libertarian. Truth is the GOP just likes to violate different areas than the Dems.
The math adds up to Clinton versus Trump
Whats the Libertarian position on Universal Basic Income?
NY Production Company Launches 'Killing Republicans' - The Musical - Funded By New York City and State Agencies
Mario Woods received 20 gunshot wounds in fatal encounter with police, autopsy shows
The Single-Payer Sacrifice: 11.6 Million Jobs
Bernie's Favorite Economist Predicts Lovely Things From Bernie's Economic Plans
What I have learned from trying to debate self proclaimed socialist on /r/SocialismVCapitalism
Capitalist vs socialist debate subreddit
Why Socialism Failed | Mark J. Perry
Political spectrum
The stock market is freaking out about Trump and Sanders
The Biggest Scam In The History Of Mankind
Rand Paul to Support Donald Trump As Republican Nominee
Obamas Executive Order Could Illegally Strip 2nd Amendment Rights from People who Criticize Government
Liberal 'tolerance' on display as Star Wars actor seen in Atlas Shrugged T-Shirt
AP fact check: Obama gun-control actions wouldnt have stopped any mass shooting
Head of all the banks and companies, Bernie Sanders to set ATM fees at $2
Obama: Hey, forget what I said about Australia (twice)  no ones looking to take away your guns!
Sanders will pledge to break up big banks within first year in office
Warning: The stealth bear market is about to show its teeth
One of my favorite verses. Thought it appropriate for this sub.
"All You Americans Are Fired"
Legalize Prostitution in China
Japan KILLS 2 Prisoners; 127 more on Death Row 2
Rand Paul: Without question both Rubio and Cruz have been for amnesty
Send a Card to Antiwar Activist and Whistle Blower Chelsea Manning.
"I Am a Welfare Mom and I Can Tell You: Its a Nightmare Come True"
Hawks who think neocon is an insult have only themselves to blame
How do libertarians reconcile their concept of fairness with being birthed into a world in which all property is already owned by others.
Facebook User in Thailand Facing 32 Years in Prison for Liking Something on Facebook
Your thoughts on a compromise between gun control and gun rights?
Twitter threats to black Kean students made by black alum, police say
[Discussion
If the GOP goes fascist, what's the plan?
Video Proves Cops and Nazi Shooter Were Working Together Against Protesters
College Woman Arguing for Free College and Higher Taxes for the top 1%
Should the Pope rebuild the Knights Templar?
Don't Forget!
Chris Hedges: TPP Is the Most Brazen Corporate Power Grab in American History It's worse than any of us feared.
There is only one choice for peace this election.
This says it all.
Sarah Silverman admits she made up wage gap story even after she called out specific employer.
What Is Left-Libertarianism
Libertarians are not fiscally conservative and socially liberal - Tom Woods
Trump Destroys George Stephanopoulos in Interview.
How Ron Paul was Cheated out of the Presidency
The 2A is the right to protect your rights
Libertarian-Socialism & Left-Libertarianism refuted in a single post
This is What a Social Justice Warrior Looks Like
Proof that she is full of shit
Bernie Sanders is Wrong about everything
Trump Pledges To Drain The Swamp And Impose Congressional Term Limits
Do libertarians still think Gary Johnson has no name recognition?
Waifu material
A timeline of Earth's average temperature (XKCD).
First ever nationally televised Libertarian party debate - April 1st on Fox Business
Johnson: "illegal immigrant" is incendiary and insulting
Hillary Clinton is not a 'great public servant'
Bill Weld on REVOLT interview: "You shouldnt have anybody who's on a terrorist watch list be able to buy any gun at all."
Austin Petersen on Twitter: "Here comes the onslaught of "we wish you were the candidate" tweets."
Bernie signs seized at DNC!
The Truth about Alton Sterling
28.6% of donations to Sanders are from Unemployed
Sick of the Gary Johnson spam in /r/libertarian lately? Check out RES' FilteReddit feature!
If you are shitting on Gary Johnson and you think AP is that much better, you have to watch this video
Can we please get r/bad_cop_no_donut of the sidebar
Why aren't you upvoting more stuff?
Global-Warming Alarmists, You're Doing It Wrong
Gary Johnson could give us President Paul Ryan
Rand Paul Supports Trump as Nominee
Funny
New Libertarian Here: Gary Johnson isn't going to win over conservatives because of his stance on abortion.
What is the difference that liberals see in the private organization known as The Commission on Presidential Debates serving only Democrats and Republicans and the private organization that only orders white frosting and religious themed ornaments for wedding cakes?
Sorry Anarchists, Capitalism requires a Minarchist government
Skyscrapers  but no sewage system. Meet a city run by private industry
Senator Ben Sasse explains what a conservative is
This University of Oregon Study on Feminizing Glaciers Might Make You Root for Trump
Does Donald Trump's popularity signify how dumbed down the American population has become? | Yaron Brook
Sen. Ben Sasse Pens Open Letter to Trump Supporters, Vows to Never Support Trump
Wheres the Love in the Libertarian Movement?
Melissa Harris-Perry Has A Meltdown And Refuses To Do Her Show. 'And this meltdown comes complete with Harris-Perry accusing the network of enslaving her because thats just how nuts she is.'
Why John Kasich is Unfit to be President
Hey there libertarians! /r/crossingtheaisle wants to hear your voice! It's a new sub looking to start a constructive dialogue with people from all over the political spectrum. Some redditors from /r/the_donald and /r/socialism have jumped in but we would love to hear your voices as well!
Cruz Makes Play for Libertarian Voters. Is Anybody Game?
I am a libertarian, but...
Fox Guest: Black People Have Slavish Support for Democrats
Sen. Ben Sasse defines conservatism. Says to save America we need to get back to a constitutional republic. Not by giving power to some guy in Washington.
As always, Milton Friedman absolutely nails it.
Even Ted Cruz's Daughter Thinks He's Creepy
'Hundreds' of masked men beat refugee children in Stockholm
18 CEOs Called Out By Bernie_$anders For Taking Trillions In Bailouts, Evading Taxes, and Outsourcing Jobs
Qu'ran Abiding 'Good' Muslim From ISIS Threatens Britain
Peter Hitchens Shuts Down The 'Islamophobia' Argument
Are libertarian's in favor of getting rid of church's tax exempt status?
My mommy says guns are bad, and it's Tamir Rices parents fault he was shot for playing with a toy, even though it was in an open carry state.
Unfortunately for Bernie a willingness to trust each other can not be Legislated
There is a God  a wickedly funny God who sentenced Karl Marx to a fate worse than hell
It just seems that in our quest to be tolerant of everything, weve become intolerant to everything,
So Called Syrian 'Moderate Muslims' Share The Same Values & Ideology As ISIS
I was unfortunately watching Fox News...
The DNC wants $20,000,000 taxpayer bailout for campaign and convention costs. Everyone ready to chip in to save the Democrats?
Rand Paul makes the debate (barely)
It's time to ban guns. Yes, all of them
The last 30 years of American democracy. [image
The climate war is over
The Offence Police can get stuffed - we all need to be more insulting
What crimes/murders did Walmart commit?
The Role of Profits in Free-Market Capitalism, and Why High Profits are Good for a Companys Workers
Iraq: US Supplying ISIS, Bombing Campaign a Hoax
tyranny of the many @ Trump Rally
Eight ISIS suspects posing as refugees arrested at Istanbul airport
Introducing Bill To Stop Refugees From Countries With Significant Jihadist Movements
"87-year-old German woman who is a prominent neo-Nazi has been convicted of Holocaust denial and sentenced to 10 months in prison"
Peter Schiff Calls Ben Bernanke A LIAR!
Gary Johnson supplied answers directly to the "isidewith.com" website. Here are some of his answers that you might find disturbing.
McAfee>Petersen>Johnson>Cruz>Leaving the seat empty for four years>Trump>Bernie>Hillary
Reporter who said "F**k it" and promoted legalization is facing 54 years in prison for running the Alaska Cannabis Club
#letgarydebate
Hillary Clinton speaking in support of video game censorship (2006).
This feels awfully appropriate today
No Can Do Allison
Sign on my doctor's front entrance.
The Clinton Campaign Should Stop Denying That The Wikileaks Emails Aren't Validated; They Are And They're Real
Mike Rowe to Bernie Sanders: Stop Telling Everyone College is The Only Thing
Hillary Clinton on Assange "Can't we just drone this guy" -- report
Richard Nixon Could Only Wish He Got Hillarys FBI Treatment
Hillary Clintons Hometown Paper Endorses Gary Johnson
The vacuum of justice
Don't like Gary Johnson? Vote for him anyways. If he gets just 5% of the popular vote the Libertarian party will have automatic balloting in all 50 states and government funding for future elections!
I got unsolicited mail telling me not to vote third party. It's an important issue so I mailed them back this donation.
Yesterday, a federal court judge agreed to hear oral arguments in a lawsuit challenging the nonprofit status of the Commission on Presidential Debates
This is not photoshopped
Johnson at 24% in NM
Wikileaks Nails It!
Thanks Obama (premiums on a sharp increase)
New poll: Gary Johnson surges to 14% in Utah, both major nominees have 70% disapproval ratings. We can win this!
Spain Hasn't Had A Government In 300 Days And Economy Is Booming
Innocent woman forcibly stripped by male Ohio police officers and left nude in a jail cell for SIX HOURS.
Democrat Endorses Rand Paul In Kentucky Senate Race
HIDDEN CAM: NYC Democratic Election Commissioner, "They Bus People Around to Vote, There is a Lot of Fraud"
A new rallying cry for liberty
Red State: We Should Have Nominated Rand Paul
With this whole controversy I really wish that more of us had supported Rand Paul
We can do better.
Ron Paul: "The Secret Society loves Hillary. For her to say that we shouldn't comment on the Fed -- 'it is off limits, don't talk about it' -- it's astounding. Donald Trump wants to audit the Fed."
Washington Times Poll - who won the presidential debate?
Courtesy Reminder: /r/libertarian is not /r/the_donald
The Federalist: No, Hillary Clinton, The Supreme Court's Heller Decision Wasn't About Toddlers
Wikileaks: "Julian Assange's internet link has been intentionally severed by a state party. We have activated the appropriate contingency plans."
Foreign Policies
Donald Trump's Pretty Lucky He's Not Held To The Same Standard As Gary Johnson
Letter from my child's daycare regarding cost increases caused by local minimum wage ordinance
Don't Grab The Pussy...
Why Gun Control Won't Fix Inner City Violence - Another Colion Noir Video
Senator Rand Paul - The Fight To Lower EpiPen Costs
Ken Bone Prefers the Libertarian Party Over Others. #FeeltheBone
/r/politics is now /r/hillaryclinton
Sexual assault in the ballot box
In Leaked Speech, Clinton Promises Bankers to Stand Against Pot Legalization 'In All Senses of the Word'
Look who I met in Atlanta today!
Top 10 Hillary Clinton scandals exposed by WikiLeaks
Leaked Emails Show Democrats Feared Rand Paul as GOP Nominee
Anyone else sick of people portraying these partisan, statist morons as intellectuals?
The Government Is Useless
Ron Paul: US Elections Are Rigged, Voting Simply Used to Pacify the Public
Don't Throw away Your Vote
CNN Accused of Bias Against Third Parties By a Post-Debate Focus Group Participant
Perfect description of the drug war
Wikileaks: Multiple US Sources say Kerry Asked Ecuador To Stop Assange
[Thomas Simmons
Americans Tilt Toward View That Government Is Doing Too Much
BREAKING! Wikileaks e-mail shows Donald Trump as a "Pied Piper Candidate" elevated by the DNC and MSM to hurt GOP!
When you try to bring a different idea on r/Hillaryclinton
Dilbert Creator Scott Adams now supports Gary Johnson
The 2 Genius Choices.
6 years ago.....
Rigging the Election - Video II: Mass Voter Fraud
Insure the Police
Libertarian Candidate Lily Tang Williams Awesome Interview
Sen. John McCain (R) withdraws support for Donald Trump
The Republican Party Should Formally Endorse Johnson & Weld
/r/Politics mods removing links to JohnsonWeld.com but not HillaryClinton.com
Im voting for Gary Johnson because its the only way to make my vote matter
Thomas Simmons Libertarian for Congress In Mass. Within the Margin of Error Against Incumbent
CNN Cuts Feed Of Rep. Chris Collins When He Brings Up Wikileaks & Hillary Clinton
I met Ron Paul the other day!
University of Kansas mob surrounds conservative students, suggests they leave school - The College Fix
No, You Dont Get Moral High Ground over Third Party Voters: "voting for Clinton to save the country from Trump would still not make people ethically superior. If voting for Hillary Clinton is the lesser of two evils, it is still evil, and you dont get to escape culpability for that."
Americans have a right to know that Hillary Clinton employs an illegal network of domestic political terrorists that use violence to influence public opinion. Democracy and freedom are not compatible
Bill Weld: Media is publishing made up stories about me.
What the fuck YouGov
"Sharing Economy" Reveals that Licensing Laws Are Really About Shutting Down the Competition
Muh Roads!!!
Gary Johnson Says 'Glaring Double Standard' Kept Hillary Clintons Mosul 'Mistake' From Being an Aleppo Moment
PolitiFact "Mostly False": Clinton says she was gone for the red line in Syria incident
Gary Johnson doesn't rape.
Google "pathological lying" before it gets taken down lmfao
Gary Johnsons 27% Showing in Another Military Poll Is a Warning Shot to Smug Interventionists
Students at a Massachusetts University are being threatened with campus police investigations and serious disciplinary sanctions if they dare to wear Halloween costumes that could be deemed offensive.
Clinton says the estate tax is a tax on the rich. It took politicians just four short years to expand the income tax from a 'tax on the rich' to a tax on everyone. The same fate awaits the estate tax.
CNN Anchors Stunned When Fact Checker Confirms Hillarys Corruption
I joined the Libertarian Party today
Libertarian Herman Mashaba elected mayor of Johannesburg
Mike Pence urged by Libertarians to resign from GOP ticket, endorse Gary Johnson
Apparently it's illegal to read e-mail leaks... except for the media. [X-post r/KotakuInAction
I met Gary Johnson yesterday!
WIKILEAKS: Qatar (The people who trick workers into coming their country and treat them like slaves, as well as fund ISIS) gave Bill Clinton a 1 million dollar check for his birthday
"Rigging the Election - Video I: Clinton Campaign and DNC Incite Violence at Trump Rallies"
WikiLeaks Shows Hillary Clinton Was Against Pot Legalization In 'All Senses Of the Word'
Weld: The Second Amendment is to Defend Against Tyrannical Gov't
FBI Reopens investigation into Hillary's private server after discovering new emails
Bill Clinton at the Debate.........
"I'm with her"
FBI Agents Say Comey Stood In The Way Of Clinton Email Investigation
Editorial: The case for Gary Johnson gets stronger - Richmond Times-Dispatch: OUR OPINION
The DEA spent $73,000 to eradicate marijuana plants in Utah. It didnt find any.
Paul Krugman and Keynesian Economics
Rand Paul returns $620,000 to the US Treasury
Andrew Napalitano: Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton Have More in Common Than You Think
College Republicans in NM denounce Trump - "New Mexico College Republicans said theyre dumping Trump and instead will support Gary Johnson, the former governor of New Mexico and the Libertarian candidate for president."
Highlights from Hillary Clinton's Paid Speeches. Her views on war are worse than Bush's were.
Raising the Minimum Wage Won't Alleviate Poverty. Lowering it Might. | Preston Cooper
Gary Johnson, Trump Can't Win Rally Behind Me to Defeat Hillary
Man Found Not-Guilty of Rape Charges by 2 Juries Still Required to Report All New Sex Partners to Police
Wikileaks cables say Soros-linked Voting Machine NOW USED in 16 US states rigged the 2004 Venezuelan election!
Gary Johnson on not debating Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump: 'Really it just sucks'
Thought you guys might appreciate UCLA including Gary. I found it surprising.
Hillary Clinton openly says you must lie to the public in order to succeed
Then vs. now.
Poll: Gary Johnson Won Debate by Over 50 Percent
What is Aleppo?
If only there was an alternative
No, Millennials who wont vote for Trump/Clinton arent stupidwe just have a conscience
Ron Paul: No one should pay federal income tax - including Trump
Poll Shows Gary Johnson Beating Trump In A Head To Head Matchup
Gary Johnson's replacement of the income tax with a national sales tax is not "tax cuts for the super wealthy"
Guccifier 2.0: Hack Reveals DB Full of Appropriated TARP Funds to Clinton Foundation
CNN Tells Viewers It's Illegal For Them To Read Wikileaks Document Dumps. CNN Is Wrong
Donald Trump, Gary Johnson Omitted From Alaskas Informational Voter Guide
Nickelodeon tells kids there is a third option.
Under Intense Pressure to Silence Wikileaks, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Proposed Drone Strike on Julian Assange
Rand Paul's Opponent Attacks Him For Opposing Patriot Act and War
Have you guys noticed the surge in Gary Johnson hate in /r/politics?
Georgia Libertarian Senate Candidate Polling at 11%
A Bernie supporter strongly considering voting Libertarian...just a few questions.
I had the privilege to meet the father of my personal and political ideology a few days ago.
Libertarian Global Agenda.
Ken Bone is fiscally conservative & socially liberal - HE NEEDS TO ENDORSE GARY!
Senator Rand Paul Is The HARDEST Working Member Of Congress
Gary Johnson: Trump AND Clinton Have Lots To Apologize For
Support Venezuela as they are on the verge of a REVOLUTION.
If Trump Leaks Are OK and Clinton Leaks Aren't, There's a Problem
Reason.com article about voting in the 2016 election removed from /r/politics for being "off topic" and "not about current US Politics". And the mods try to claim that they aren't exercising bias!
The Libertarian Party candidate for the Texas Railroad Commission (the Texas state agency that governs oil and gas industry) is the only candidate with an O&G background
What views make people (inaccurately) think libertarians are racist?
NEW POLL: Gary Johnson Beats Donald Trump in Head-to-Head Matchup
Taxi Owners Don't Get A Bailout Because They Can't Compete With Uber, Federal Court Rules
MRW the moderators suggest we have a humanitarian reason to intervene in Syria and compare it to the Holocaust....
Gary Johnson Still Rising: 24% in NM. Essentially Tied with Clinton in Utah
Hurricane Matthew allows Floridians to practice concealed carry, permit or not
Hillary Clinton's Campaign Thinks Bitcoin is too Libertarian
Perfect one to share to inform
I'm disappointed, and I disavow Donald J. Trump.
Once lauded as a peacemaker, Obama's tenure fraught with war
Wikileaks Proves FBI Covered Up Hillary Clintons Private E-mail Server To Protect President Obama
Senator Paul On Fox News - ObamaCare Makes Inexpensive Insurance Illegal
Snowden: There may never be a safer election in which to vote for a third option
Liberals fear Libertarian Gary Johnson
U.S. government advises other countries to include minor parties in presidential debates
I'm 19 and just wasted my first vote.
CTR Working overtime to cover up Podesta leak
Gallup Poll finally asking about 3rd Parties!
The "Pardon Snowden" Case Just Got Stronger | "Snowdens actions forced companies like Verizon, Yahoo and others to grow a spine and start defending the Fourth Amendment rights of their customers."
The New York Times writes an article about Johnson's "Aleppo Moment" then has to make two edits when they can't get right what Aleppo is. (Read the corrections at the bottom of the article)
Student's grades lowered for sitting during Pledge of Allegiance
Private school vs. public school: Only bad people send their kids to private school. [And yes, she is serious.
Nate Silver on Twitter: A new poll puts @GovGaryJohnson at 24% in New Mexico, which makes this map plausible. Electoral College deadlock.
NYPD to Innocent Business Owners: Give Up Your Rights or Get Shut Down
No, Bill Weld Did Not Tell Voters to Vote For Clinton
To ID, or not to ID...
Bill Weld Desperately Defending Hillary Clinton Over Emails.....Seriously, Who Is This Guys?!
Yes Gary Johnson isn't a real libertarian. But his opposition is much further from one.
Winner just because...
I wonder if he would know how to run a successful country?
Why does /r/Politics need this many moderators? And why are most of them accounts created two weeks ago?
Hey Google, your bias is showing again.
The NSA can now access triple the phone data it had before Edward Snowdens revelations
The Huffington Post Is Now Actively Encouraging Felony Gun Theft
Gary Johnson drawing votes from both Trump, Clinton
Ken Bone is a Libertarian.
DEA Withdraws Kratom Ban, Opens Public Comment Period
Johnson makes pitch to Republicans fleeing Trump
No, Ron Paul did not say he was going to vote for Jill Stein
Time is Running Out, and We Need to do Whatever We Can to Help Thomas Simmons Win His Congressional Seat
Kasich: GOP must evolve or it will die
me irl
Reporter who quit her job live on air over in protest of Alaska's marijuana laws is facing DECADES in jail for running cannabis club
Keynesian Economics Vs. Austro Economics
Obama DOJ drops charges against alleged provider of Libyan weapons. Arms dealer had threatened to expose Hillary Clintons talks about arming anti-Qadhafi rebels.
BREAKING: Gary Johnson NOT Invited to 3rd and Final Debate
Hillary Clinton's own people say she 'hates everyday Americans.' - WikiLeaks - The Podesta Emails
Senate candidate Wendy Long calls for pardon of Wikileaks founder
Obamacare premiums to soar 22% on average
Wait... how is that bad?
Poll: William Weld Nearly Tied with Elizabeth Warren in 2018 Senate Race
Trump is Done, Make Your Vote Count.
Don't Hit Save - Comic: It Sure Feels Good To Be Safe
Gary Johnson is the ONLY candidate talking about issues & offering solutions to help the poor & vulnerable
I just chucked my vote right in the garbage according to some. But I don't think that's the case here, thanks for being cool everyone
Rand Paul on point in Podesta Email leaks: ", but we see that conceivably happening in >> the likely escalation of Rand Pauls charges about Saudi donations. "
Hillary Clinton's leaked Wall St speeches highlight the 'dream of a common market' with 'open trade and open borders'
Libertarians Are More Racially Diverse Than Some May Realize | Cato @ Liberty
Would you share this one?
Is anyone else noticing the complete breakdown in trust of the government right before their eyes?
New Podesta leaks show CNN gave the DNC the Dem debates questions in advance. They in turn gave them to Clinton.
City loses lawsuit against Christmas display on private property. A win for private property rights.
If Clinton Campaign Believes WikiLeaks Emails Are Forged, Why Dont They Prove It?
CNN Anchor Cuts Off Jill Stein After She Questions Hillarys Competency For The Presidency
New Mexico For Gary Johnson
Gary Johnson won the mock election at my Alabama High School
Feds Walk Into A Building. Demand Everyone's Fingerprints To Open Phones. Sounds like the opener to a bad joke, but it's not.
AT&T Is Spying on Americans for Profit, New Documents Reveal
Cannabis Tax Revenue Is Overwhelming Oregon's Tax Office | Leafly
Whenever a democrat says we can raises taxes on the rich to 75% to "pay for 'free' healthcare and college", I link them this
The Donald finds direct evidence of the Hillary campaign funding violence at Trump events. Campaign expense show Payment to Zulema Rodriguez from Clinton campaign 11 days before violence at Chicago rally she bragged about on video.
Arizona: Prison Meal Service Donates $80,000 to Anti-Marijuana Campaign
"Drugs are illegal because they're bad for you"
Trump and Hillary are both terrible, but the election is rigged in favor of Hillary
John Stossel: I'm Voting for Gary Johnson! [VIDEO
Since "Real Libertarian" Is Suddenly A Thing, Here's Milton Friedman On Humility, Intolerance, and Differing Opinions Within Libertarianism
Wikileaks: Correct the Record's anti Rand Paul talking points from October 2014
Ranked choice voting initiative on the ballot in Maine.
The FBIs Hillary email probe is looking even more like a coverup
Mike Rowe Interviewed on ReasonTV
Milo Yiannopoulos Admits He is Not Really a Libertarian
FULL Gary Johnson interview On ABC's "To Night Show" with Jimmy Kimmel (10/20/2016)
I am getting sick to death of this media bias stuff. What is this shit?
Johnson stands by being skeptical of foreign leaders
There'd be a higher incentive to build privatized roads for individual profit than there would be in a society where all labor is subsidized equally.
I am a Pennsylvania swing state voter. A pro-Hillary political organization is sending me vicious anti-Third Party junk mail (pics inside).
For anyone who is still on the fence about actually voting for our 3rd Party candidate
Mass. National Guard, State Police raid 81-year-old woman's home to seize pot plant
A nice Thomas Paine quote from the introduction of "Common Sense" that I thought I would turn into a wallpaper.
Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson: Clinton presidency 'may well end up in impeachment'
Looks like not all of Reddit is socialist
Gary Johnson on Jimmy Kimmel Live: Millennials Are Getting "Screwed"
Presidential candidate Clinton says removing Assad in Syria is No. 1 priority
Remember not to defend Gary Johnson's personal views, defend liberty. Gary is our tool for Liberty outreach.
Project Veritas Confirms Hillary Clinton Was PERSONALLY Involved w/ Election Rigging
Globalization isn't killing factory jobs. Trade is actually why manufacturing is up 40%.
ACLU and Human Rights watch: Decriminalize all illicit drugs
1972 Libertarian VP candidate from Eugene was first woman to receive an electoral vote
Texas Tribune Says They'll Host Debate w/ Johnson, Stein, McMullin
Gary Johnson the Man Who Might be President
Gary Johnsons Aleppo Moments Dont Undo a Smart, Libertarian Foreign-Policy Platform
Gary Johnson to host rally Saturday in Albuquerque
Drew Carey joins Gary Johnson campaign
As Someone That Hates Johnson, Please Vote Johnson.
Trump explains why the First Amendment has too much protection for free speech
Thomas Simmons within striking distance of a LP congressional win?
TLR Exclusive w/ Bill Weld: Wikileaks Prove Clinton "Not Telling the Truth"
Utah Senator Mike Lee Goes In On Donald Trump: Step Aside, Step Down
Any Other Registered Libertarians Get This Trash in Their Mailbox?
BREAKING: Multiple US sources tell us John Kerry asked Ecuador to stop Assange from publishing Clinton docs during FARC peace negotiations.
Black History Museum Omits Clarence Thomas, But Guess Who They Decided To Include...
Libertarian Candidate Support Rising in GA
Economist Steve Horwitz, whose article "There is No Such Thing as Trickle-Down Economics" recently made the front page of Reddit, is doing an AMA tomorrow at 3:00pm!
Exclusive: New Leak on Clinton's Cozy Press Relationship
Democrats expecting libertarians to abandon their ideals need to apologize or STFU
Libertarians for Trump Sold Their Soul for Nothing
Rand Paul discovered NSF spent $700K to check whether Neil Armstrong said one small step "for man" or "for a man."
Libertarian Rex Bell participated in the Indiana governor debate
Are you in control of your own life? If you don't think so, you are.
Voting Libertarian for my First Election!
Clinton just said she'd nominate justices who understand how the world works...
State Police raid Indy office in growing voter fraud case
He promised the rest of us that health-care premiums would fall by $2,500 for a family of four. Instead, theyve risen by over $4,800.
Austin Petersen to Evan McMullin: Would you drop out and support Gary Johnson?
Gary Johnson: What Clinton and Trump Wont Tell You About Entitlements
Statement By Gov. Bill Weld Regarding The Final Weeks Of This Election
Libertarians attacking Johnson & Weld for not being pure enough are like passengers on a hijacked airliner demanding to be let out RIGHT NOW and bitching at Johnson/Weld for wanting to try to land the plane first.
The great thing about being a libertarian is I get to believe everything negative thing trump says about Hillary and vice versa.
Assange's Emerging Politics: Rand Paul And Libertarian Wing of GOP Represent 'Only Hope'
(not sure if repost) When a Democrat brings up Aleppo on social media, reply with this image.
Hotel Boss Brags NYCs New Airbnb Ban Will Let Them Charge Higher Prices
Wasting your vote? Amateurs. I'm wasting three.
Footage Of Lesbians and Gays From The 1950s -- It's amazing how much attitudes have changed
New Yorkers pay government to make them poorer by prohibiting mutually beneficial transactions (one example of many)
Senator Rand Paul Performs Pro Bono Eye Surgeries
More Than 1 Million in Obamacare to Lose Plans as Insurers Quit
As a self-identified statist (kinda), I just want to say I appreciate this sub and Libertarians in general.
Gary Johnson On Foreign Policy
So what if Johnson Wins New Mexico
More Americans WORK for the GOVERNMENT than in MANUFACTURING. Sad...
NAACP Tells Black Parents To Keep Their Kids In Crappy Schools
New FBI release on Clinton email probe refers to 'Shadow Government'
Easily the best libertarian orator I have heard in debates. Take notes, Gary.
WikiLeaks: Clinton Told Wall St. She Is 100% Against Legalizing Cannabis
Why military voters pick Gary Johnson over Hillary Clinton
The polls are owned by media companies, which are owned by either Republican or Democrat operatives. They are biased. If you vote for Gary Johnson, he will become president and we can end the 2 parties. He only needs 35% of the votes in a 4 person race.
College Professor and Libertarian Thomas Simmons running for MA 1st District Congressional seat
I voted early this past Friday..
Clinton Campaign appears to feed NBC's Andrea Mitchell questions via cell-phone
Friedman has a point about the drug war
Student Must Undergo 5-Hour Psych Evaluation For Making Anti-Gun-Control Video for Class Project
Why Millennials Like Ron Paul, not Donald Trump
Overstock CEO Patrick Byrne on Gary Johnson, Trump vs. Clinton, and Blockchain for the Stock Market
New Mexico College Republicans chair to support Gary Johnson
Could Gary Johnson play spoiler  or even winner  in New Mexico?
Gary Johnson: Clinton probe, hacks generating 'bigger rumblings than Watergate'
Totally worth it. No vote wasted here.
Floridian Libertarian Senate Candidate Paul Stanton polling at 10% - above the debate requirements.
Report: Nj High School Suspends Student Over Anti-Gun Control Class Project
The State With The Lowest Poverty Rate In America Just Ranked The Most Libertarian
Muh fiat notes tho
My reaction as a normal American
Go Hillary! Go Trump! Go Gary Johnson!
New Trump (and Clinton!) Revelations Make Airtight Case for More Options for President
Rand Paul Destroys Donald Trump on War Crimes and the 1st Amendment
Restaurant owner charged for posting photos of undercover minors trying to buy alcohol
No, it is not illegal to read Wikileaks | PopeHat
Libertarian Party sees surge of new voters in Nebraska
I have had this comic pinned on my wall for 14 years.
Gary Johnson MSNBC interview today
Two Months Ago Gary Johnson Wasn't Being Mentioned By The Press - He Is Now And That's A Great Thing No Matter The Slant
Meet the Utah State Senator Who Switched from Republican to Libertarian
Is the media giving Hillary Clinton a pass for her own Aleppo moment?
Despite Being Heavily Endorsed By Local Papers & Gary Johnson, Libertarian Mark Miller Faces Steep Climb To Win Texas Railroad Commissioner
Fully detained woman gets pepper sprayed
Meet The Gay, Gun Rights Group That Would Rather Be At The Range Than Talk Politics
Hi! I am part of the team that just launched the new Libertarian Party's National website. If you follow the LP, please take a look at us today. :)
Final Presidential Debate Still Missing Libertarian Gary Johnson
If China Attacks America (JUST IMAGINE)
Spain Hasnt Had a Federal Government for the Last 9 Months  and People Love It
IMPORTANT: All CTR shills have been identified and posted publicly. The FEC requires these names to be provided publicly.  Xpost /r/The_Donald
Gary Johnson victory in NM 'plausible,' could force Electoral College deadlock
The Supreme Court Is Not A Valid Reason To Support Hillary
Watch the 21 PragerU Videos That YouTube Is Censoring
The Permission Society: How the Ruling Class Turns Our Freedoms into Privileges and What We Can Do about It
Libertarian Claire Ball for Illinois Comptroller 2016 - Budgets
Trump wants to torture children and Hillary wanted to arbitrarily drone someone who never committed a violent crime BUT GARY DOESN'T KNOW WHAT ALEPPO IS GEEZ WHAT A FUCKIN JOKE!
BREAKING: FBI Found Hillary Emails On Weiner Electronic Device
Federal Judge Overturns Ban on Openly Carrying Guns in Public [10.5.16
Chaffetz: FBI Allegedly involved in "Quid Pro Quo" With Clinton
What's the most annoying criticism/questions you hear people say About libertarianism?
Gary Johnson Tied or Slightly Up in 8 out of 8 Recent National Polls
North Dakota needs to immediately drop its outrageous charges against journalist Amy Goodman
A principled option for U.S. president: Endorsing Gary Johnson, Libertarian
Why Gary Johnson Is the Only Presidential Candidate Worthy of Consideration
I love Gary Johnson!
Ken Bone, Star of 2nd Debate: Fiscally Conservative, Socially Inclusive?
Obama, 2001: "The only people who don't want to disclose the truth are people with something to hide."
Rand Paul: Polls showing Clinton ahead are 'designed to suppress turnout'
Anti-Johnson Libertarians' Ever-Moving Goalposts for the 2016 Campaign
The US Government Today Has More Data On The Average American Than The Stasi Did On East Germans | Techdirt
Broward voter's ballot is missing marijuana question
I made this...
Donald Trump: Anti-Capitalist | One of the great dangers of the 2016 election is that many Americans will mistake Donald Trump for an advocate of capitalism. Although he is a wealthy businessman, Trump is anti-capitalist in ideology.
There is constant political hypocrisy over the tax code. Politician give special tax favor to real estate to win elections then judge Trump for using those benefits.
Clinton Announces She Wants to Enlist Millenials In a "National Service Reserve," and That Should Worry You
Male Liberal staffer 'pretended to be a woman' to win student executive position
MUST READ: Mike Rowe Makes A Huge Confession On What He Sees Wrong With This Election - No, everyone should NOT vote!
Hillary Clinton blows chance to win over millennials with slow evolution on pot
Why Johnson is the Best Candidate, as Explained by Richard Feynman - Names Don't Constitute Knowledge
Ron Paul slams Black Lives Matter as a racially divisive group that doesn't understand economics
Also, biodegradable hemp plastics.
How Each Senator Voted for the Saudi Arms Deal: Rand Paul, Al Franken, Elizabeth Warren, Cory Booker Voted Nay, Only two senators didn't vote Sanders and Kaine
Look, I Wish I Were Better At This Also
Nirvana's Krist Novoselic Is a Political Activist & He's Not Backing Clinton or Trump
Darrell Castle is No Libertarian
Leaked email shows Democrats knew that raising the minimum wage would cost jobs
Gary Johnson Not Invited to Second Debate (TLR)
The Troop's Satisfaction with the Three Candidates
Libertarian Johnson seizes on FBIs new Clinton probe
Our number 1 priority is to reach 5%. California voters: You have the best chance of convincing friends and family to vote Gary Johnson!
'Why would you want to "use" my dad?': Eric Garner's daughter slams Clinton campaign over WikiLeaks emails
Doesn't Matter WHO Hacked Podesta, If Emails are TRUE
A Florida man was arrested for meth possession - turns out it was actually Krispy Kreme frosting. Now he's suing.
Third Party Candidates Poised for Marginal Success for First Time in Years
Obama Enters the Media Wars  Why His Recent Attack on Free Speech is So Dangerous and Radical
Loved /u/Wiinii's post. Wanted to play on his concept.
Gary Johnson's Top Choice for SCOTUS
A whole lot of triggering among progressives going on at The Free Thought Project right now
Ron Paul on who to vote for: "If you vote libertarian, look at it like youre voting for the non-aggression principle  what libertarian really means, and the more votes we get in that category the better it is.
Chicago Tribune: Democrats Should Ask Clinton to Step Aside
Lady Gaga mentioned this poll in a recent interview saying we should show support for Gary! [Support
How is civil asset forfeiture remotely constitutional?
Hyperpartisan Facebook Pages Are Publishing False And Misleading Information At An Alarming Rate
Where have all the Libertarians gone?
Running "Someone Sane and Honest Is *Different*": LP Head on Gary Johnson's Appeal
NYPD evicting people for crimes they didn't commit <-- civil forfeiture for renters
"An elderly couple claims Arizonas civil forfeiture laws are unconstitutional after law enforcement seized their car, even though the couple was never criminally charged and was not even in the state when the car was seized."
WIKILEAKS BOMBSHELL: Hillary Admits Saudi Arabia IS Funding ISIS - Vessel News
Op-ed by Bill Weld: An Invitation, and an Alternative, for Republicans Appalled with Donald Trump
Yeah, Gary Didn't Know Where Aleppo Was, But Jill Stein Supported Bombing It.
From r/funny
Is anybody else here a little burned out on Gary Johnson looking like a total dumbass?
"No Fly, No Buy" and "Stop and Frisk": What About Due Process?
Libertarian H. John Rogers To Participate in West Virginia Senate Debate
Enough with the "real" Libertarian elitism
Utah Republicans out front in opposing Trump, praising Gary Johnson
Why Jeffrey Tucker is Voting for Gary Johnson
Apparently dressing like a clown is illegal
Gary Johnson in Chicago this Friday
I wanna learn all about libertarianism. Any book suggestions?
October surprise: FBI reopening Clinton email investigation
Stossel: Ridiculous Ways Gov't Wastes Your Money
Gary Johnson: 'Trump is Toast & Clinton is a Hypocrite
Gary Johnson's Refreshing Foreign Policy Skepticism
Ken Bone Just Asked Gary Johnson A Question, And He Nailed It
Hey r/libertarian, as a progressive dude who uses this sub for alternate opinions, I'd like to commend ya'll for getting Trump off your side-bar. He doesn't represent you guys in any way, shape or form.
Gary Johnson to vapers: I'm your candidate
December 5, 1933: the end of prohibition (x-post r/HistoryPorn)
When the Cops Take Your Urine by Force
Only daily paper in the largest city in West Virgina endorses Libertarian John Buckley for Secretary of State
We Need To Demand A Switch To Hand-Counted Paper Ballots, Greens, Libertarians and Republicans Alike
Alex Merced, Libertarian nominee for Senate in New York, is doing an AMA in /r/politics
John Stossel: Feel Despair Over Clinton And Trump? Here's What You Should Do
Watch Kennedy flip the Trump rigged elections script to instead call out rigged CPD Duopoly!
Do Not Resist: The Police Militarization Documentary Everyone Should See
Proof that she is full of shit
If requiring an ID (voter ID) to practice an absolute right (voting) is racist...
#LetGaryDebate Rally On Location During the Second Presidential Debate (Sunday) in St. Louis, MO. Leaked emails, ladybit grabbing....NOW IS THE TIME TO PUSH
Bundy brothers, 5 other Malheur wildlife refuge occupiers not guilty.
Term Limits for Congress
Private prisons don't have to be the inhumane enterprise it is now if we think about it critically.
They Are Coming For The Internet  New Porn and Copyright Laws Could Criminalise Millions
The FBI's Own Investigation Summary Proves Hillary Broke The Law
Just a couple of NJ Libertarians!
Insiders At FBI And DOJ: Decision To Let Clinton Slide Was Top Down
A documentary about Libertarians and third parties. It shows how the major two parties block third parties from emerging.
Another View -- Gary Johnson: As Trump collapses, we offer Republicans a better choice
I sent a bag of dicks to the CPD
My Gary Johnson yard sign was stolen last night
Only Difference Between SJWs, Alt-Righters Is Which Identities They Hate
Funny (but disagreeable) bit on Third Parties on John Oliver
Gary Johnson Leads Trump and Clinton in Ohio Mock Voting
Anyone else feel we should be sharing as much of the Podesta emails as possible?
How federal government increased tuition costs: federal student loans
You clearly corrupted our national security  US veteran to Hillary Clinton
Spaniards, Exhausted by Politics, Warm to Life Without a Government
Sanders and his supporters are quick to make excuses for Clinton's insult to their character. Stockholm Syndrome?
Economics in One Lesson by Henry Hazlitt - FREE PDF Download
Senator Rand Paul - Caring For Kentucky
Brilliant move by Sarwark to help down-ballot candidates
Socialism vs Libertarianism: Battle for the Soul of the Millennial Generation
I saw a hilarious ad about the minimum wage
Sam Harris: You saw Gary Johnson get destroyed by the press for not knowing what Aleppo was? Trump commits gaffes like that all the time, and people just move on. And his Gaffes are much worse.
Former Alaska reporter faces 54 years in jail for pot club
Ask not what your country can do for you, nor what you can do for it. Instead ask what you can do for yourself.
Stein Makes Bank on Investments in Same Businesses She Rails Against
The DEA totally misses Big Pharmas role in the opioid crisis
Universities Ban Politically Incorrect Halloween Costumes
Documents Show Chicago PD Secretly Using Forfeiture Funds To Buy Surveillance Equipment
Police Scan 117 Million Driving Licence Photos for Face Recognition Database....
Ron Paul on the War on Drugs (Thug Life)
Former Ron Paul staffer: Trump's damage to the GOP will extend well beyond the 2016 election
Key Obamacare Ally: "Affordable Care Act Is No Longer Affordable"
University Requires Permits Just to Use Free Speech Zone
Cop violently arrests a man for sitting on his own porch while body cam is on
Prohibit government workers from voting ... as a way to shrink government.
Gary Johnson loses his cool when pressed on his disputed tax policy
New film Rigged 2016 featuring Gary Johnson available to view online
Clinton's False Assurances About Her Respect for the Second Amendment
Obama Plunges America into War with Yemen
If people are dismissive of innocent people dying at the hands of police, try talking about police violence against innocent animals. Statist may be misanthropes, but we all love puppies.
Nobody for President: The Americans campaigning for 'none of the above' - BBC News
Stepdad Goes To Police With Stepdaughter's Sexts, Asks Them To Intervene, Is Prosecuted For Child Porn
Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson to stop in Richmond
Government Investigation Gone Wild - Wisconsin's Shame: I Thought It Was a Home Invasion
Dismissing third parties degrades political discourse
Evan McMullin passes Gary Johnson in Utah with 22%
Police arrest more people for marijuana use than for all violent crimes combined
Richard Epstein - Limited Government Spinning Out of Control
Want to start a libertarian organization
The news of Bill Welds demise have been greatly exaggerated
Guccifer 2.0 Leak Docs Show Top Dems Funneled TARP Funds To PACs
Media Smears Gary Johnson Again, But Here's Why They're Lying...
Take pride in the fact you are voting for your conscience and a candidate you can be proud of
Vandals destroy flyers on campus talk opposing trigger warnings, victimhood culture
Johnson-Weld Campaign- The Democratic Media Machine is At It Again With False Stories
Wikileaking on H. Clinton
Where the hell is Gary Johnson on the latest Wikileaks? Or is he taking CNN's advice and not reading them?
The Citizens United Scare. Who Really Benefits? So Far, Democrats Mainly.
Want to know WikiLeaks' endgame? Julian Assange told you a decade ago
Where Bernie Sanders And Gary Johnson Agree
NYPD to Innocent Business Owners: 'Give Up Your Rights or Get Shut Down'
Poor Bill, had no idea what he got himself into. (X-post libertarianmeme)
Excerpts of Hillary Clintons Paid Speeches to Goldman Sachs Finally Leaked
WikiLeaks - Podesta Pt. 2 - Hilary campaign urges her to stop lying about Bernie
Gary Johnson at the University of Chicago Yesterday
Nader: Clinton and Trump 'both flunk'
Bill Clinton calls Obamacare 'the craziest thing in the world'
We Champion Racial, Gender and Cultural Diversity--Why Not Viewpoint Diversity?
WikiLeaks Uploads Over 3,000 Attachments From Clinton's Leaked Emails
Alex Merced, Libertarian candidate for Senate in NY, is doing an AMA in /r/politics!
"Politics in the Animal Kingdom" - great series of short videos explaining the problems with winner-take-all elections, and describing some alternatives. [X-post from /r/LearnLiberty
WikiLeaks claims sham U.S. firm is trying to smear Assange
Watch Nirvanas Krist Novoselic Discuss Support for Libertarian Gary Johnson, New Voting System
"You Libertarians Sure Are a Contentious People." "You've Just Made an Enemy for Life!"
And now for some good news......Weed is Going to Win Big in November.
Hey /r/libertarian, what is your career?
Politifact: Clinton says she was gone for the red line in Syria incident FALSE
SNL Roasts Trumps Audio Leak: Grab em by the Pussy!
TLR Exclusive w/ Bill Weld: Wikileaks Prove Clinton "Not Telling the Truth"
Gary Johnson: My Foreign Policy Vision
Clinton Says Alleged Talk Of Droning Assange "Would Have Been A Joke"
CNN cuts ties with Donna Brazile after hacked emails show she gave Clinton campaign debate questions
CAUGHT ON TAPE: UN bans skeptical journalists from climate summit for holding views not particularly helpful
Great youtube channel with nothing but interviews with down-ballot Libertarians (and a few Greens)
Out of curiosity: Libertarians, what is your education background ?
To anyone living in the 5th District of NJ
Gary Johnson: Voting for Trump or Clinton Is Voting for Tyranny
How a Libertarian plans to challenge Colorados ballot-selfie law
Fox News' Dana Perino On Donald Trump: "I'm Done!"
CUNY Prof Accused of Sexual Harassment Because His Syllabus Says Effort Is 10% of Grade
Libertarian Presidential Nominee Gary Johnson Names Top Pick for the Supreme Court . . .
Americans more tolerant of offensive speech than others in the world
Interview with Lucy Brenton, LP Senate Candidate for Indiana
Donald Trump is A Pussy - Gary Johnson
Leaked Memo Shows Hillary Clinton Received Interview Questions in Advance!
Memphis Decriminalizes Marijuana; Step Forward to Nullify Prohibition in Effect
Kennedy Puts Bill Weld Through the Wringer
Cash, no credit: Libertarians shake up Minneapolis suburb
The 'F Word' Is No Longer Deemed Offensive In Australia
Rigging the Election - Video IV: $20K Wire Transfer From Belize Returned
In Railroad Commission race, a petroleum engineer lifts Libertarian hopes
New York Passes Law to Curb Airbnb Rentals
Libertarian VP candidate Bill Weld at BHSU
Correcting the Myth That the Libertarian Ticket Refuses to Say Anything Against Hillary
Yelp For Cops: Chicago Man Creates App For Rating Police Interactions
Whats with the "alt-right" take-over of /r/Anarcho_Capitalism/?
Neither Trump nor His Message Is Built to Win a National Election
libertarians for open borders...why?
The RNC Has Reportedly Closed the Door On Donald Trump, and Withdrawn Funding
Surrogate Lt. Gen Michael Flynn Says Gary Johnson Should Be In Debates
Trump's multiple flip-flops
WATCH: Fox Business's Kennedy and Bill Weld Go At It Over His Record
Yahoo reportedly gave US government access to all users' emails
Exclusive: Yahoo secretly scanned customer emails for U.S. intelligence - sources
Richmond Times-Dispatch Editorial: The case for Gary Johnson gets stronger
[Good Guy
RANT: The Libertarian Party of Idaho facebook page is awful.
The Pentagon is demanding soldiers return reenlistment bonuses
FiveThirtyEight: What Went Wrong For Gary Johnson
Drug prohibition and legal slavery
Google Has Quietly Dropped Ban on Personally Identifiable Web Tracking
Why Republican Congressman Scott Rigell Supports Gary Johnson
McMullin has been added to ElectionBettingOdds.com with a non-zero chance of winning after last night's debate
Ben Sasse - Limited Government
Jesse Ventura DESTROYS Cenk Uyger on Gun Control (video)
Obama: End this "wild west" of information, start curation function that people agree to
Wikileaks: Clinton Admits No-Fly Zone Means
Leaked Emails Show That Trump Was a Tool Used by the Hillary Campaign From Day One
America's First Feminist was a Radical Libertarian
I made some yard tombstones!!
Largest Swiss railway company turns 1000+ ticket machines into bitcoin ATMs
The Purge: Reality
Clintons Obviously More Aggressive Foreign Policy
Chinas plan to organize its society relies on big data to rate everyone
Fwd: Princeton Study: U.S. No Longer An Actual Democracy
Australia Admits Gun Buyback Failure
Libertarian not allowed in Senate debate so he's doing live streaming answers.
US Pulls Out All Stops Against Wikileaks and RT News
WikiLeaks: Email Shows Bernie Sanders Was Paid Off to Support Hillary
[Austin Petersen Recommends this to Trump Supports
Libertarians voting for Trump
Terrified of terror, Australia plans indefinite detention even after sentences are served
Overstock CEO Patrick Byrne on Gary Johnson, Trump vs. Clinton, and Bringing the Blockchain to the Stock Market
Raid! National Guard, State Police descend on 81-year-olds property to seize single pot plant
The DEA's Dissonance on Kratom Re-scheduling
Trailer: Do Not Resist (2016). Documentary that examines police militarization in the U.S. Filmed in 11 states over 2 years.
Hypothetically, if Rand was the GOP nominee and Johnson was the LP nominee - how many how you would still vote LP?
Gary Johnson plants his flag in South Dakota
John Stossel: The Ruling Class, This Election And You
Minnesota Rally with Gov. Gary Johnson
Reid: 'I have set the Senate' for nuclear option
The Snowden Effect on Tech: How Snowden's Disclosures Made All Our Data Safer
Gary Johnson Polls: National Polling Is Likely Underestimating Johnson's Support By A Significant Margin
New Jersey Goes Off The Deep End, Wants To License Building Swimming Pools: "you can raise the rates youre charging because yourea licensed pool builder or service professional.
Who I'm Voting for President re: Casey Neistat -- h3h3productions discusses the current political climate
How does the future look for the Libertarian Party?
I'm voting Gary Johnson, but I have a genuine question: Who is more libertarianRand Paul or Gary Johnson?
Watch Leftist Students Say Science Is Racist and Should Be Abolished
Police arrest more people for cannabis than violent crimes. I didn't think this was new info...
Utahs Top Mormons in All-Out Revolt Against Donald Trump.
WikiLeaks - CTR shills are "nerd virgins" and "never see sunlight or have a drink or get laid"
Georgia Libertarians! - Allen Buckley - GA libertarian candidate for senate. Check out his detailed and well articulated libertarian solutions.
RNC Moves To Stop Promoting Trump After Scandal
Republicans & Democrats for Gary Johnson
Triumph Meets Libertarian Candidate Gary Johnson
Gary Johnson: Naming foreign leaders doesn't qualify someone for presidency
Liberal Julie Roginsky on free college: 'Hillary's not being honest with voters, neither was Bernie Sanders'. It's Unrealistic. I'm probably going to get into a lot of trouble for saying it'. - FNC Outnumbered.
Shittyaskscience knows what's up.
I am happy to announce that Mississippi's Lauderdale county now officially has a Libertarian Party affiliate!
The DEA's Scheduling Makes No Sense - Learn Liberty
Campus police to probe offensive Halloween costumes, students told
Maryland Children in CPS Custody Again After Mom Let Them Walk Home Alone From Park
Not winning this one is okay. It's a long road.
Hillary Clinton will ban selling guns at a gun show by executive order.
Federal Debt in FY 2016 Jumped $1,422,827,047,452.46--That's $12,036 Per Household
Egyptian lawmaker says women should prove they are virgins to go to college
The next time someone tells you that a third party vote is a waste, remind them that all votes are wasted.. Arguably if any vote matters it's for a third party.
Berkeley students barricade bridge, force whites to cross creek
Iceland: Few days before elections and the Icelandic Pirate Party IN LEAD... PEOPLE ARE TIRED OF LIES!
Kansas Libertarian state House candidate Joey Frazier receives endorsements
VERY SCARY: one of the world's leading economists is working on TOTALLY eliminating CASH!
A question about libertarianism:
Who is Gary Johnson?
Trumps War on Amazon.com Explained --- On February 2016, Donald Trump began a public relations war against one of Americas most successful companies. He directly threatened Amazon.com and its founder Jeff Bezos with political reprisal should he become president.
Now is Our Time to Change History - Gary Johnson for President
Third Party Candidate Forum: Libertarian Party Presidential Nominee Gary Johnson (C-SPAN)
Libertarian senate candidate in Alaska is now 32 points behind Murkowski in the poll
Libertarian Nightmare: "We've all been quite content to demean government, drop civics and in general conspire to produce an unaware and compliant citizenry. The unawareness remains strong but compliance is obviously fading rapidly."
"I Don't Accept the Idea of Microaggression"
A dash of sanity
Yahoo Email Scanner Was Installed by Government
Lily Williams is still being left out of polls, despite participating in the CO Senate debate.
UN: Drone Strike Against Assange is Criminal Violation of Human Rights
Libertarian Veep Pick Weld Shifts Stance On Guns (X-post from /r/GaryJohnson)
Reporter who quit on air to focus on marijuana advocacy faces decades in jail
John Stossel - What About the Drug War?
Solitary confinement is pure torture. I know, I was there
Defending the second amendment
Ex-Felon with restored rights, planning to run for office upon upcoming restoration of Right to Hold Office in 2017-2018.
Eric Garner's daughter blasts Clinton campaign after WikiLeaks emails
Huffington Post: Muhammad was a Feminist (also posted on /r/conservative)
New Johnson Ad: Clowns to the Left, Jokers to the Right
3 Rules for Rulers (Great video on how the politically powerful use money/taxes to maintain power)
This is why we can't have nice things
Edward Snowden on Twitter
Join Gov. Weld at Black Hills State University
Milton Friedman on Libertarianism and Humility - Repost from the comments in another thread. I've never really been into Milton Friedman but watching this lecture made me a huge fan.
Study: Face Recognition Systems Threaten the Privacy of Millions
In case anybody here was planning to go, "Gary Johnson moves location of Richmond campaign event"
Police couldnt help his grandmother after a hurricane. He called Papa Johns instead.
Vote411.org I was having trouble finding out more about my down ballot candidates and this helped me a lot.
The burden of proof puts these cases way past "conspiracy"
Clinton Operative James Carville Claims Smoking Weed Has Made Gary Johnson "A Joke"
headline doesn't match the content
Spain Is without a National Government  And Spaniards Are Digging It
Socialism 101
Revealed: NSA collecting phone records of millions of Americans daily
Oregon standoff: All defendants found not guilty via Jury deadlock.
ACLU Sues Government Over Unreleased FISA Court Opinions
Judge Rules Nashvilles Airbnb Regulations Unconstitutional
Kaine says Clinton would seek updated war-making powers.
Watch Nirvanas Krist Novoselic Stump For Gary Johnson And Impersonate Bernie Sanders
5% and public funding
In Colorado Springs, a county GOP official is asked to resign after endorsing a Libertarian
Why is Rand Paul calling for an increase in defense spending?
Libertarianism in the Election Year of 2016, Insight from an activist
Google Reveals Secret FBI Subpoena, Reports Increase in FISA Requests
If Trump leaks are OK and Clinton leaks aren't, there's a problem
What the Heck!!! Louisiana isnt letting immigrants get married
Liberty University announces Gary Johnson to speak at Convocation
On Christopher Columbus, the Far Left Is Correct | Bryan Caplan
Gary Johnson interviewed by David Axelrod (podcast 59:52)
The election is a tossup, but bet on gold: Ron Paul
So Hillary is for open borders. Just not publicly. Oh and big banks. Anyway, with free medical, and free college, and free everything, who is going to pay for it all?
Trump versus Mormons
NY Times Attacks Gary Johnson for Equating US, Syrian War Crimes
Clinton: If I asked for a drone stike against WikiLeaks founder, it was a joke
Yahoo secretly scanned customer emails for US intelligence
Gun sales hit 17th straight monthly record, up 27 percent
Gary Johnson's Raw Moments During Campaign Rally In Phoenix [VIDEO
Can Gary Johnson Win the White House? Yes! Here's How...
Venezuela hyperinflation has gotten so bad that the people have stopped counting cash, now weighing it instead.
State syndicated education
Stefan Molyneux- Why I Was Wrong About Libertarians
Nazis and the Alt-right in the Liberty Movement? - Austin Petersen
Julian Assange: Bravest Nerd in the World
We made Hide and Go Gary, a decentralized canvassing game to help GJ. We need /r/Libertarian's help to canvass for GJ this Sunday!
UK could slash corporation tax to 10 percent if EU blocks Brexit trade deal: Sunday Times
5 Lame excuses for passing laws
Gov. Weld at Augustana University
If the Law of Demand Applies to Sugary Drinks, Why Not to Wages?
Why libertarianism is so dangerous
Technology can peacefully change illogical and harmful public policies, including the war on drugs.
A letter of warning from the Russian libertarian about Hillary Clinton and the creeping authoritarianism.
Toronto Radicals Fight Free Speech
Kentucky Bill Would Encourage use of Gold and Silver as Currency
Elections Commissioner Admits to Widespread Voter Fraud on Hidden Camera
Where Are the Trump Supporting Libertarians Now?
Yet Another PR Mess Caused by Trump
Interview w/ Pepper Snyder - Libertarian Candidate For US House, District 3 - Indiana 2016
Bill Weld says he will use Libertarian vice presidential platform to focus fire on Donald Trump - The Boston Globe
Met PJ O'Rourke today!
What happens if the third party candidates hit 5%?
How/Why did you guys reject conservatism ?
Gary just needs one phrase to explain his tax vision better- "gradual transition"
Pop quiz before you watch: How many countries is the US currently bombing?
Police Officer Stomps on Face of Compliant Citizen [VIDEO
In Politics, We Get to Have Our Own Opinions But Not Our Own Facts
Great first course in economics. Covers Broken Window Fallacy, Diamond-Water Paradox, Division of Labor, Profit and Loss, Entrepreneurship. And it's free!
Should parents be allowed to refuse life saving treatment for their children?
Live at 3pm today C-SPAN. Cybersecurity and U.S. Voting Systems. ICIT hosts a discussion with cybersecurity industry representatives on vulnerabilities in U.S. voting systems
A New Jersey Libertarian candidate for Freeholder said he would defund the local community college and take no salary. Peter Rorhman for freeholder!
Lewis Black: Democrats Are Psychotic, Republicans Are Idiotic
Green Cities, Brown Suburbs | To save the planet, build more skyscrapersespecially in California Ed Gleaser
Clinton campaign mocks Catholics, Southerners, needy Latinos in emails
Incredible examples of major media outlets colluding directly with campaigns, allowing them to dictate content, timing, even exact words to use in articles.
Florida Is About to Vote On Who Controls Its Solar Power....
NYPD to Innocent Business Owners: Give Up Your Rights or Get Shut Down
Neighbors vs Williams' Garage
What if Nickelodeon Started Advertising For the 2016 Election (And Mentioned Gary Johnson)?
Third Party Candidate Forum: Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson (C-SPAN)
DEA delays kratom ban, waits for word from FDA
Why Do Utah Voters Hate Trump (And Kind of Like Gary Johnson)?
Five Books to Change Liberals' Minds from Cass Sunstein
Erik Johnson speaks about his father, Gary
If Hillary Said She "Grabbed Men by the D*ck," Her Supporters Would Make Excuses For Her
I did not have sexual relations with that woman...
Thoughts on the Third Wave experiment?
TRUMP PUNKED THE PRESS: Told Reporters They Were Going to Pre-Debate Presser, Walked in on Clinton Rape Victims.
The Main Problems the Libertarians Are Facing, and How to Potentially Fix Them (X-Post /r/GaryJohnson)
Do you have any favorite libertarians outside the United States ?
Twenty-Three Years After Black Hawk Down, America Is Back at War in Somalia
Price gouging hotline activated due to Hurricane Matthew
Clinton is silent about it, Trump advocates single payer, neither are honest about economics of healthcare and innovations thereof.
I wish the conservatives would support the first amendment like the liberals do and the liberals would support for the second amendment like the conservatives do.
Student Suspended, Ordered to Take Psychological Evaluation Over Pro-Second Amendment Project
How would a Libertarian government handle an issue like the Dakota Access Pipeline
Has there been any good news about the fight for liberty lately?
Obama moves to make the War on Terror permanent
Stuck In The Middle With You
Post Office confiscates privately delivered package and demands ransom
Are Libertarians A Joke? A Rebuttal to Milo Yiannapoulos
Jesse Ventura's Marijuana Manifesto - In this groundbreaking book bestselling author Jesse Ventura lays out his philosophy on marijuana, and why he has always been in favor of full legalization :)
Complete list of libertarian YouTube channels.
National Guard pays enlistment bonuses, then demands refund years later after war service
What If We Can't Make Government Smaller? - Will Wilkenson
Meet PA Libertarian candidate for US Congress Paul Rizzo. He's the guy laughing at the incumbent who spent $1M to run unopposed last election.
A quick update on my county affiliate! And a strategy I think will lead us to victory!
More Confirmation of Clinton Corruption
Libertarian Party continues to grow in Nebraska
Trump's no libertarian, but today's 5-point plan to curtail lobbyists looks pretty good
Wikileaks Twitter: Ecuador cut off Assange's internet access Saturday, 5pm GMT, shortly after publication of Clinton's Goldman Sachs speechs.
Ron Paul: FBI Comes Clean On Homegrown Terror
A window into the $15 wage hypocrite's world
My sisters friends are turning her into a liberal.
6 Reasons I Pulled the Gary Johnson Lever
Even if you're a utilitarian rather than libertarian, the evidence shows money laundering law should be repealed
Local Police Using CIA-funded Software to Track All Citizens' Social Media Posts
The Ross Perot Myth
California petitions to become first state to offer ObamaCare to illegal immigrants
Yahoo! Snoops Through Your Emails for the Government
Subpoenas and Gag Orders Show Government Overreach, Tech Companies Argue
Gun-Show Customers License Plates Come Under Scrutiny - WSJ
In Defense of Gary Johnson But Bill Weld is a different matter
The American Kratom Association has raised $323,000 of their $500,000 goal (any donation helps)
Rally with Gov Gary Johnson- Chicago
Americans are Embracing Bad Government Because They Dont Know History
The Latest: Alaska's first marijuana shop opens to long line
Adam Kokeshs Tour Manager, Ex-Girlfriend Speak Out - Being Libertarian
Who do you consider to be the worst US President. Are Trump or Hillary worse?
Mitt Romney Libertarians.......
Election Officials, consider your voting machines, networks and tabulators infected until youve forensically proven otherwise. James Scott, Senior Fellow, ICIT
Ron Paul: Why do central banks hold Gold? Bernanke : Tradition..... LMAO
Gary Johnson the Classical Liberal
Jeffrey Miron is Johnson's Economic Advisor. Here's His Profile
The folks over at /r/The_Donald are very concerned that electronic voting systems nation wide are compromised by a "fractional voting" scheme and have begun taking action.
Popular Youtuber Gives Very Libertarian Argument for Marijuana Legalization.
Radio Spot For Dr. Mark Miller (L) Candidate For Texas Railroad Commissioner
Police Stingrays unfairly impact low-income, black neighborhoods -- report
Half of American Adults Are in Police Facial-Recognition Databases
Libertarian Party of California recommends voting 'No' on the Adult Use of Marijuana Act. Anyone know why?
Gary Johnson Rally in Santa Fe Plaza, New Mexico 10/15/2016
Libertarian answer to healthcare?
Are There Any Down-ballot Libertarians With A Solid Shot At Winning In 2016?
The two major parties are right.
Bob Dylan hints at voluntarist philosophy on economics?
Trump Will Torch the Supreme Court
Ooof. Jill Stein put Gary on blast through her Twitter feed.
Report: More Arrested for Marijuana Than All Violent Crimes Combined
Gary Johnson On Immigration
Gary Johnson: Trump and Clinton Have Lots To Apologize For
Your Federal Government, Working Against You for the Greater Good
Gary Johnson Interview with David Axelrod
Too many academics are now censoring themselves
President Obama ends Olympic victory tax
The Libertarian Solution Radio Program?
Hillary Wanted to Drone Julian Assange
81 year old woman's home raided with National Guard helicopter to confiscate one lone cannabis plant.
To Advance Liberty, We Need (l)ibertarians At All Levels Of Office - To That End, Here Are Interviews W/ Candidates Running For Offices That Aren't Oval
Leaked memo shows Clinton was provided questions ahead of interview
Fueled by Hillary Clinton, White House Debated Nominating Wikileaks Founder for Obama-Controlled Drone Kill List
John Stossel - Control Freaks & Their War on Free Speech
IRS subjects tea party groups to new round of scrutiny, publicizes tax return data
What Is Monero?
Upcoming Bill Weld rallies in Massachusetts, Maine and New Hampshire
Gary Johnson: "Why Did They Have to Kill Harambe?" [VIDEO
What would you do? Just let people die?
Clinton preparing a bipartisan government of austerity and war
Why I Was Wrong About Libertarians
Look what came in the mail today
[Thomas Simmons, Mass.
Donald Trump rips into possible AT&T-Time Warner deal
Documentary film-makers face decades in prison for taping oil pipeline protests
Trump Graded "F" on economics
Gary Johnson Throws Down: "Kumbaya is Over!"
Prop 64, the California Marijuana Legalization Initiative on the 2016 California and Federal Election ballot; CA LP's official stance: NO. Any information here?
Rand Paul Campaign Advert - Defending Kentucky Jobs
LP Indiana Senate Candidate Lucy Brenton In Televised Debate 10/18
College Campuses Have No Right to Limit Free Speech
Kerry Burt (L), House Candidate for Kansas' 1st, On US Military Intervention
Anyone think Jesse Ventura will run in 2020?
[FreedomToons
John Stossel: What Both Trump And Clinton Won't Say
Libertarians: Rand Paul vs. Justin Amash, who would you vote for in 2020?
Judge Andrew Napolitano: If Trump wins, Obama will pardon her. If Hillary wins, she will pardon herself. - So Hillary Can't Go to prison after the elections.
Donald Trump Supporting Libya Intervention In 2011
Why the definition of victim matters so much in Ross Ulbrichts appeal
Best book(s) to introduce someone to libertarianism
Donald Trump's Tape: Yep, He's Talking About Sexual Assault
ATTENTION MASSACHUSETTS COLLEGE STUDENTS.
Third-Party Voting is the Height of White Privilege
Interview w/ Shawn Patrick House, Libertarian Candidate for US House in Pennsylvania's 16th District 2016
Gov. Weld will have a rally tonight in Worcester, MA ensure you bring friend's or family in the fence!
Delete Your Yahoo Account
We Need to Abolish the FDA. Here's Why.
Super PAC named after Norse trickster god Loki spends $2,500 touting Gary Johnson
The ACLU Counts the Ways Trump Would Violate Civil Liberties
The Future of Government is Free Enterprise/self-governance; the Rising Power of the Individual
The History and Importance of the Austrian Theory of the Market Process | Israel M. Kirzner
Trumps protectionist policies wreked, 101 years before he was born.
Not the election: how crony capitalism + government greed and regulation made Australian electricity the most expensive
"NSA is committed to protecting your privacy and will collect no personal information about you unless you choose to provide that information to us."
Have you done your part to keep Kratom legal?
Want to save America? Read your local paper.
Why should I officially join the LP?
If you are facing a penalty under Obamacare for not buying expensive health insurance, you may qualify for a "hardship exemption" by purposely delaying payment of your electric bill every three months, which results in a disconnect notice. The notice is sufficient proof of your hardship.
The possibilities...
If Gary Johnson does not reach 5%, do you think the LP will nominate a more or less principled libertarian in 2020?
Why is Hillary a terrible president? (Need debate ammo)
Who Is Evan McMullin? CIA Official Says Past "Doesn't Hold Up To Scrutiny"
Libertarian Party of NH Votes to Censure LP Vice Presidential Candidate Bill Weld
Donald Trump's Alt-Right Supporters: Internet Abuse Must End
The Combination of Aggression and Welfare as Authoritarian Tools to Induce Helplessness in a Society
There is not one single Anti Hillary Post within the first ten pages of r/politics
Bill Weld coming to South Dakota
Cleveland's scheme to defeat police brutality lawsuits by having cops declare bankruptcy backfires; Cleveland ordered to pay $13.2 million judgment for police officer in wrongful conviction suit
Not the best piece of news out of Utah: Survey of likely voters finds the presidential race is a virtual 3-way tie between Trump, Clinton, and McMullin. Our boy, Gary, is only polling at 5%.
Debt, entitlements a problem Clinton ignores, Trump makes worse
Why Its Impossible to Indict a Cop
This Is The Year
Interview W/ Jon Bombach, Libertarian Comptroller Candidate For Baltimore
Why are we determined to deny that things are getting better?
Trump Sexual Assault Accuser Sent Glowing Email To His Assistant In April
Liberstad, Liberland & The Free State Project
[Reason
Libertarian Animal Sticker Pack Now Available
Syria War Propaganda Drumming Up Hard, Corporate Media is LYING Again
What it means to be a Libertarian
Defending Liberty in Congress - Rep. Justin Amash
Getting Rid Of Globalization Wouldn't Stop Inequality
Libertarian Party Chair on October 7, 2016 revelations from old party candidates
Front page news today versus Gary Johnson - Is this real life?
How to Rape the 4th Amendment, Police Serving Their Corporate Masters
Gun Control Hits The Ballot In November
CNN Censors Focus Group Members Voting Third Party
Gary Johnson on The Fifth Column Podcast
Alex Jones Triggered by Wikileaks' Lack Of "October Surprise"
Why the Republican Party Should Embrace Libertarianism
If You Live In California, Tell Your Friends And Family To Veto Gunmagedon  /r/CAguns Prop 63 Megathread
Battleground state voters, what are you doing?
Why Do We Force Employers to Cover the Full Cost of Birth Control but Not Food?
Spaniards, Exhausted by Politics, Warm to Life Without a Government
BBC sacked me for being a white man: Radio 4 comic was told you have to go. We need more women and minorities
The Craziest End To The 2016 Campaign Runs Through New Mexico
How should i gain volunteers for my new libertarian party county affiliate?
More hate mail. Burn, baby, burn!
Top Hillary Clinton Adviser Thinks U.S. Should Attack Iran To Benefit Saudi Interests In Yemen
The Libertarian Millennial Podcast - 4 Reasons Why You Should Still Vote Third Party in 2016
Question about what exactly being Libertarian means
Putin: Russia Is Not Going to Attack Anyone
Libertarian Party Co-Founder: How Puerto Rico Ran Out of Other People's Money
Dr. Marc Siegel: Why This Doctor Hates Obamacare
Let's talk realistically just for one second.
Home Prices Rise To 2006 Record Highs... 8 years of zero interest has rapidly blown air back into the BUBBLE.
AT&Ts Merger Could Be A Bad Sign For The Economy
We're trying to create a new libertarian nation using blockchain technology, please join us.
DC Administrator Expects Good Schools "Sometime in the Next 10 or 20 Years"
Can someone justify to me why I should vote for Gary Johnson
Police departments are thinking about using drones armed with stun guns
The Truce - Final John McAfee / Judd Weiss Libertarian Presidential Campaign Video
Who Murdered the Republican Party?
Nobody for President: The Americans campaigning for 'none of the above' - BBC News
Senator Rand Paul Announces Coal Miners Coalition
The Partisan Pendulum Of Convenient Free Speech
The Governments Addiction to Secret Law
Changing the presidential electoral system
Is this some crazy serious shit going down or just drama and hype..?
Trump crowd calls for jailing People magazine writer
US enters Yemen war, bombing Houthis who launched missiles at navy ship
UK government finally concedes cannabis has a medicinal effect
Governor of Maine: maybe we need a Donald Trump to show some authoritarian power
Obama, Media Go Quiet on Historic Mideast Catastrophe
What is the Libertarian policy on protecting national parks and forests?
Never forget when Sanders put this on Twitter. Looks like the revolutionary doesn't even understand the concept of collateral.
Could Blue Lives Matter bill be widened to include resisting arrest?
Surveillance in the Post-Obama Era (and Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act)
Civil Libertarian Pirate Party set to form first-ever Pirate-lead Coalition in Iceland
Chicago Police Bosses Targeted Cops Who Exposed Corruption
Are there any resources or lists of libertarian articles or podcasts?
Is Paying for Mandatory Health Insurance a Tax?
Tennessee Student Accused of Sexual Harassment Because He Wrote Instructor's Name Wrong
Cato abandons the Second Amendment
Do you consider Rand paul a libertarian and would you support him over Gary Johnson?
Can you help critique my Op-Ed for debate inclusion?
More than 20 states have faced major election hacking attempts, DHS says
LIVE Stream: WikiLeaks/Assange October Surprise Press Conference on Hillary Clinton (10/4/16)
Ron Paul Institute: Wells Fargo or the Federal Reserve--Who's the Bigger Fraud?
What Actually Keeps Americans Safe: Liberty
Google Coming After The Freedom Movement
This Education System Produces Slaves For The Regime
Excellent example of government meddling in people's lives with no meaningful benefit to anyone.
Something I noticed regarding submissions about Gary Johnson to /r/politics
Government Workers Should NOT Pay Taxes ... and how this can actually lead to smaller government.
What I stand for. . . thanks little sis for putting this together
A homeless woman is attacked by mob for defending Trump's Hollywood star...
Gary Johnson Mourns Harambe: I'm sure it was a difficult decision for everyone involved. I mean Why did they have to kill the gorilla? But then, really, whos to say?
Hillary Clinton In 2013: I Would Like To See People Like Donald Trump Run For Office; Theyre Honest And Cant Be Bought
[DISCUSSION
Chickens who sacrifice liberty for security deserve neither: a musical puppet parable
Four amendments
What Gary Johnson and Jill Stein MUST now do!
Rapid City Rally with Gov. Gary Johnson
Cybersecurity experts discuss the security of Americas electronic voting systems by breaking down vulnerabilities at the state, local and manufacturer level
Argument against freedom of Association?
Should libertarians in the US emphasize constitutionalism/the Constitution? If so, why?
Jeffrey Tucker on Donald Trump, FreedomFest 2016
But without the government, who will run over protestors who are upset with government?
Which one of these departments would be the easiest to abolish?
Why a Wall Won't Stop Immigration
This criticizes the Fair Tax. Honestly after hearing about the fair tax I've been skeptical of if/how it would work. I know this sub is typically open to questions from opposing views; how do you guys respond to this article and it's criticisms of the fair tax? I'll be interested to hear!
[discussion
Obligatory "Don't Vote for Gary Johnson Because Ralph Nader Stole 2000 Election" Warning...
If We Rely On This Election To Solve Problems, We All Lose
FBI records: DoS Official asked to reduce email classification in Clinton's private server in exchange for approval to deploy more agents internationally
Self-Ownership and the Alternatives
Why are open borders a part of the Libertarian platform.
13TH | Official Trailer [HD
Anyone have any good news sources that are not left/right biased?
What is the libertarian solution to environmental problems?
"Do Not Vote for the President Until You See this Film"
Foreign Policy Schizophrenia
Is it just me or the debate started with 15 minutes of bullshitting about how the debate commission is not partisan?
Gary Johnson Beating the Clinton-Trump Spread Across One-Third of the Country
Clinton Super PAC uses song without the artist's permission in a Gary Johnson attack ad
Win an afternoon with Gary!
Separatism in Brazil: +95% for it
One of my biggest pet peeves when it comes to Hillary Clinton - "I take responsibility for that mistake"
Rally with Gov. Bill Weld in San Diego
The "Weed Party" Stigma, and why it's a problem
Turkey Shuts News Outlets, Tightens Anti-Terrorism Law
[Topic
Is the American Solidarity Party the exact opposite of the Libertarian Party
I'm Torn.
Connecting dots with Project Veritas
U.K. GDP Grows 0.5% After Brexit Vote, Beating Estimates
All you need to know to stop the 1%
Portland, OR Could Be the First City to "Tackle Outrageous CEO Pay" By Taxing It
Over 120 arrested at North Dakota pipeline protests, including journalists
Successful libertarian society/'-ies in Europe?
A Renaissance of American Politics
[Thomas Simmons
Thai junta says Google removing content with royal insults
Bush 41 nephew blasts Trump and Clinton, and reveals who he plans to vote for
How libertarian is this reddit?
The Comey, Clinton, Bush connection
Stoked By Irrational Fears, Mississippi County Bans Clowns
The two party system does not accurately reflect the wishes of voters.
Independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin leads in Utah in new poll
Veteran TV reporter harassed with racial slurs; man arrested
Sean Haugh (L, North Carolina) Candidate for US Senate 2016 On Saudi Arabia
I'll be streaming the Dumpster Fire and Jimmy Kimmel tonight 9pm EST and 11:30pm
Trump in 2013: We must 'leave borders behind' because future of US 'depends on a cohesive global economy'
Why don't we primary/caucus?
There is a real risk that police face recognition will be used to stifle free speech
U.K.s Mass Surveillance Databases Were Unlawful for 17 Years, Court Rules
"Your Name Here" - Documentary episode covering the inefficient and suspect ballot access laws that stifle third party momentum and invite partisan manipulation
Should lakes and rivers be privatized?
[Murray Monday
The Unintended Consequences of Law - How An Entire State Priced Itself Out Of The Market For Entry-Level Home Buyers
Limited booze, no strip clubs: The party's on hold in Thailand after king's death.
Rigged 2016
Libertarian Design & Merchandise
Less biased news: where do you find yours?
The Americans With Disabilities Act Strikes Again
ACLU & HRW Call to Decriminalize Drug Use & Possession After Documenting Arrests Every 25 Seconds
Johnson voters and McMullin voters HAVE to work together to #Deny270. McMullin wins Utah, Johnson wins New Mexico. More below.
Gary Johnson on Minimum Wage
PBS Newshour + Pew Research bring us a political quiz...with only a 'liberal/conservative' continuum
Shocking: Almost Nobody for Hillary at Wisconsin Rally
Clinton Campaign Mgr: "She Has Begun To Hate Everyday Americans"
I don't agree with John Oliver on a lot of things, but I thought this was a great piece on the unconstitutional money-drain that is Gitmo.
Westworld  The Trump/Hillary Debate Remix
Where did libertarianism start?
New slogan
Edgar Wyndham - Gary J. is President | VOTE Johnson / Weld 2016!
Empirical Damage from Trumps Remarks: In summary, Trump has lost, Clinton will win big, and the Libertarian Party will become a federally recognized major party.
Why Everything You Hear About Aleppo Is Wrong
How Gary Johnson Can Win the 2016 Election by using the current electoral college system rules
Pets on Pot: The Newest Customer Base for Medical Marijuana
Baltimore Police took 1 million surveillance photos of city
John Stossel - Our Rights at Risk
On the Trail With Gary Johnson (photos)
Libertarian Leaning Judges.
4 Ways the Government Could Confiscate Non-Tangible Wealth
Where Voters Are Likeliest to Legalize Marijuana in a Month
What Is Left-Libertarianism
The Original Purpose of the US Constitution
Is there a song more libertarian than All I Want by The Offspring?
Mike Rowe to Bernie Sanders: Stop Telling Everyone College is The Only Thing
Hillary Clinton on Assange "Can't we just drone this guy" -- report
Ron Paul on MSNBC says Gary Johnson isn't a true libertarian, will likely vote for Jill Stein instead.
Trump's no libertarian, but he represents what is likely to be a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to bring real change to a government that is bloated and self-serving
Hillary Clinton is done as well. Vote your conciseness
This #Draftourdaughters meme is great
Rand Paul Gives Bernie Sanders An Education On Factual Policies
Don't Grab The Pussy...
Libertarian VP Candidate Gives Up, Will Focus on Preventing Trump Presidency
Hillary Clinton In 2013: I Would Like To See People Like Donald Trump Run For Office; Theyre Honest And Cant Be Bought
Top 5 Ways Gary Johnson is More Libertarian Than Ron Paul
If Donald Trump is elected president he will audit the Federal Reserve
Hillary Clinton speaking in support of video game censorship (2006).
Blind Hillary voters
Why I'm voting Trump...
Is it time to forcibly remove r/anarcho_capitalism from the side bar?
Trump Tweets Ron Paul
Donald Trump speech transcript. Wow.
Yuge! Dilbert creator Scott Adams changes his endorsement from Trump to Gary Johnson. #FeelTheJohnson
Libertarian VP Candidate Gives Up, Will Focus on Preventing Trump Presidency
Trump Sexual Assault Accuser Sent Glowing Email To His Assistant In April
#letgarydebate
Why I Was Wrong About Libertarians
Abortion and private property...
Ron Paul Won't Vote for Gary Johnson, and He's Right
An incompetent criminal is most likely going to win...because she has a vagina
Bill Clinton's furious face during the second debate
Damage to the Libertarian idea, party and this election.
Donald Trump vs The Establishment (credit goes to /u/trumpeffect for the video)
Gary Johnson: I'd be a continuation of Obama on ISIS
TRUMP: THE CLINTONS ARE CRIMINALS  REMEMBER THAT - Never in history have we seen such a cover-up as this
Several Women Reveal New Stories of Trump Inappropriately Touching
Experts said Arctic sea ice would melt entirely by September 2016 - they were wrong
What are your critiques against libertarianism? Lets break the circlejerk for once
Why is this sub basically r/thedonald?
Thought experiment; This election should be: Rand Paul, Bernie Sanders, and Austin Peterson in the running
Never forget when Sanders put this on Twitter. Looks like the revolutionary doesn't even understand the concept of collateral.
New poll: Gary Johnson surges to 14% in Utah, both major nominees have 70% disapproval ratings. We can win this!
She-riah law: Hillary kept Michael Savage on hate list
Hillary Clintons Hometown Paper Endorses Gary Johnson
If Hillary Said She "Grabbed Men by the D*ck," Her Supporters Would Make Excuses For Her
Evan McMullin: If Gary Johnson Were a Real Libertarian, I Probably Wouldnt Be Doing This
Courtesy Reminder: /r/libertarian is not /r/garyjohnson
Libertarian Icon Ron Paul Says He Won't Be Voting For Gary Johnson. Prefers Jill Stein
Trump is clearly no libertarian, but does this move the needle for anyone here?
Michael Moore - Why Trump Will Win
Ahhh! European millenials are breaking the conditioning! Rahhhr!
Libertarian VP nominee Bill Weld doesnt seem to know what concealed carry permit reciprocity is | Video
Political party bus dumping literal poo on street
Darrell Castle: Constitutionalists Should Forget the Corrupt GOP
PSA: Inflation is not taxation.
Is he doing it on purpose?
Molyneux's libertarian anti-tax Trump rant is getting a lot of upvotes on r/The_Donald
Friedman has a point about the drug war
Rockin my new #Libertarian attire on campus 
No Can Do Allison
Is anybody else here a little burned out on Gary Johnson looking like a total dumbass?
We Need More, Not Less, Sexuality in Video Games
Well This is Interesting, Glenn Beck: Electing Hillary Clinton Is a Moral, Ethical Choice
Stefan Molyneux- Why I Was Wrong About Libertarians
I did not have sexual relations with that woman...
Libertarian Eel [OC
Killary's Theme Song
Isn't closing the borders necessary in a welfare state. Conversely, wouldn't we have to end all government entitlements if we want open borders?
How is McMullin beating Johnson in Utah? I thought you had to be a former governor or the American people wouldn't take you seriously.
Larken Rose - Amazing Anarchy Speech | A Message to The Voting Cattle
The Only Libertarian Religion
Don't like Gary Johnson? Vote for him anyways. If he gets just 5% of the popular vote the Libertarian party will have automatic balloting in all 50 states and government funding for future elections!
Trump's no libertarian, but today's 5-point plan to curtail lobbyists looks pretty good
The Clinton Campaign Should Stop Denying That The Wikileaks Emails Aren't Validated; They Are And They're Real
The Fact That The Libertarian Party Ever Nominated This Motherfucker Is Such A Fucking Joke...
Religious Liberty at Risk: California Judge Bans Jewish Ritual
Clinton's Corruption Level
"No one's forcing you at gunpoint to pay taxes!"
GOP hair care
Report: Aleppo Having a Gary Johnson Moment
What Is Left-Libertarianism
Proof that she is full of shit
Trump Pledges To Drain The Swamp And Impose Congressional Term Limits
New Theory Suggests Clinton Had Justice Scalia Murdered!
Ron Paul: Is bothered by the "hypocrisy" of the Johnson/Weld ticket; slams "entitled" BLM for creating racial strife | RedState
Trump is Done, Make Your Vote Count.
in preparation for her highness becoming queen
In Secret Goldman Sachs Speech, Hillary Clinton Admitted No-Fly Zone Would Kill a Lot of Syrians
Senator Rand Paul Campaign Advert - Standing Up For LIFE
Militarized Police Arrest Shailene Woodley Protesting DaKota Pipeline
Donald Trump's Pretty Lucky He's Not Held To The Same Standard As Gary Johnson
Trump's election will be the biggest "Fck You" in human history - Michael Moore
Hillary Clinton: Candidates Should Not Comment On Fed Action| Couple weeks old but proves (if you needed any) shes owned by the deep state.
CRT Leak Memo: Reddit Disruption & Dominance
What are your opinions on Gary Johnson's lack of environmental policy?
Trump's deep well of support is evidence that political correctness has failed to successfully reduce bigotry
What Exactly Is Racism? - LewRockwell LewRockwell.com
Gary Johnson will not lose this election. Rather, it's just going to take four-to-eight years to count the votes.
Question for Libertarians who plan on voting for Gary Johnson/Bill Weld.
5 Reasons Why Mike Pence is a Big Government Butthead - Liberty Viral
Libertarian V.P. Bill Weld's Favorite Foreign Leader and the 9/11 Attacks
Molyneux breaks down the likelihood of Hillary Clinton going to war with Russia (very likely, and with really concerning consequences)
Rand Paul - Hillary's Policies Will Put Coal Miners Out Of Business
Discuss this image
Hillary's #1 aide Huma Abedin: Undeniable ties to terrorist group & 9/11 funders.
As a principled libertarian I don't actually want federal funding for the LP
OT: I get despising Trump. I really do (& join in). But in a week where it became clear Hillary worked w/ the DNC to coordinate public violence AND doubles down on her "Abort babies up until they emerge" stand how is the leading political headline "Trump won't necessarily accept election results?"
A "don't rock the boat" theory of political change: Vote for Johnson, but root for Hillary
Evan McMullin and Gary Johnson should form an immediate cartel
Poland: Activists and supporters of Polands libertarian Freedom party marched on Saturday under the slogan Wake up Europe, warning that its the last chance to save the continent from Islamic invasion.
Police Accountability: Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (HBO)
Richard Nixon Could Only Wish He Got Hillarys FBI Treatment
Bill Weld Desperately Defending Hillary Clinton Over Emails.....Seriously, Who Is This Guys?!
Libertarian Freedom
Don't mind me, just stirring the pot a little
Libertarian VP Candidate Admits Defeat, Tells Voters To Pick Clinton Over Trump
Look, I voted Libertarian in 2012 and intend to do so again....but is this stuff about Gary Johnson not being able to name a single world leader true?
Trump Will Torch the Supreme Court
Cato abandons the Second Amendment
Darrell Castle is the most libertarian candidate running hands down
Why I will not be voting for Gary (or anyone for that matter)
TRUMP PUNKED THE PRESS: Told Reporters They Were Going to Pre-Debate Presser, Walked in on Clinton Rape Victims.
A homeless woman is attacked by mob for defending Trump's Hollywood star...
Trump's "Hand Picked" Univ Staff Includes Drug Trafficker, Child Molester
Gary Johnson had fun climbing Mt. Everest
Libertarianism Needs Nationalism
Sign on my doctor's front entrance.
YouTube bans 'Clinton's black son'
Could Trump Pull Off a Surprise Last-Minute Victory? Two Reputable Pollsters Say Yes.
Once more, dear friends: Johnson helps Clinton - Bleeding Heart Libertarians
"Social Justice" is an assault on justice.  /r/Objectivism
How the National Enquirer Saved the GOP and then Unwittingly Killed it
Is It Anti-Libertarian for the Libertarian Party to Accept Public Funding?
Tobacco Taxes Work, But Only If Theyre High
The Truce - Final John McAfee / Judd Weiss Libertarian Presidential Campaign Video (now completed)
[Request
NEW interview with Constitution Party nominee Darrell Castle
Conspiracy: 'No Vote' Libertarian philosophy is government astroturfing to keep libertarians away from power.
Recalling Frenzied Calls For War With Spain, post the False Flag 1898 explosion aboard USS Maine, with Japan following the 1941 FF Pearl Harbor sinkings, and after the FF 1964 Gulf of Tonkin affair that precipitated the Vietnam War - The Ziopress says Yemen fired rockets at USS Mason Oct. 10, 2016
Hillary Vs Trump: Debate Two Review!
Remember: NY Times Reporter Says Theres NO WAY To Tell Whether Election Is Legit. 9min vid
"Libertarian" VP Candidate Will Focus His Energy On Trashing Trump -- massive huge mistake going negative, focus on the positive
Trump the destroyer could herald an unintended revolution
Canadian conservative senator wants to ban marketing to children
Johnson at 24% in NM
Why do most lgbt members vote democrat ?
Jesus Christ Was a Progressive Because He Advocated Income Redistribution to Help the Poor
"Never in the 9 years while working in a large hospital, often in the ER, did I hear the words, 'Quick! Get me forceps and suction! This woman needs an emergency abortion STAT!' Why did I never hear these words? Because emergency abortions don't exist."
Perfect
Donald Trump On Howard Stern: It's Okay To Call Ivanka A "Piece Of Ass"
Hillary's racist comments
Dilbert Creator Scott Adams "Shadowbanned" From Twitter After Trump Support
Donald Trump's campaign appears to be slipping into death spiral
Trump and Hillary are both terrible, but the election is rigged in favor of Hillary
Got my absentee ballot and this unsolicited discouragement in the mail today. #FeelTheJohnson
Where Hillary Clinton is the Spoiler Candidate
"When the Nazis came for the communists, I remained silent; I was not a communist." Martin Niemller
Why do a lot of libertarians oppose trade agreements like NAFTA and TPP?
No such thing as "radical libertarian" or "kind of libertarian". There is just "libertarian"
Who Killed More People? Jeffrey Dahmer or Mike Pence?
Trump will win the election and is more popular than Obama in 2008, AI system finds
A Vote For Hillary is a Vote for Freedomin 2020
Anyone here think public education is to blame for this election?
The Racist History Of The Democratic Party
Matt Ridley: Global Warming versus Global Greening | The Global Warming Policy Forum (GWPF)
A third of U.S. women afraid of being sexually assaulted, but few say they're victims
Gay marriage becomes a tool for eroding rights
Trumped! David Stockmans new book analyzes the Trump phenomenon (and an analysis of how some of Trump's policies align with Libertarians)
Usury is Anti-Liberty Slavery, Morally Wrong
Fox News
This election really Stings
California's primary voting system is turning the elections into a one-party voting option.
Conservative In Exile | Glenn Beck is a man without a party
Why Gary Johnson Can Still Make Libertarian History | RealClearPolitics
Not Democrat, Not Republican, Live Free Decal 5 Pack
Libertarian VP Nominee Bill Weld Says He Will Focus His Efforts on Blocking Donald Trump
The Real Hillary Clinton
Why Clinton must woo Weld
Wikileaking on H. Clinton
I got unsolicited mail telling me not to vote third party. It's an important issue so I mailed them back this donation.
60 Policies from One Year of Donald Trump - [A
Project Veritas Confirms Hillary Clinton Was PERSONALLY Involved w/ Election Rigging
Ron Paul: "The Secret Society loves Hillary. For her to say that we shouldn't comment on the Fed -- 'it is off limits, don't talk about it' -- it's astounding. Donald Trump wants to audit the Fed."
Libertarian Party of NH Votes to Censure LP Vice Presidential Candidate Bill Weld
Socialism 101
The "Weed Party" Stigma, and why it's a problem
In my opinion, Taxation is the same as the rent on a house.
CALLING ALL PATRIOTS! You MUST Place Hillary Under Citizen's Arrest In Florida TOMORROW! #DrainTheSwamp
Hillary Clinton's own people say she 'hates everyday Americans.' - WikiLeaks - The Podesta Emails
Libertarians attacking Johnson & Weld for not being pure enough are like passengers on a hijacked airliner demanding to be let out RIGHT NOW and bitching at Johnson/Weld for wanting to try to land the plane first.
Third-Party Voting is the Height of White Privilege
I Hate Trump overall, but I got to give credit to him, he is destroying Hillary the crooked witch Clinton on foreign policy, he is "raping" her on foreign policy issues.
Gary Johnson's Disappointing Campaign
So Bill Weld isn't actually interested in winning, he just wants Trump to lose
Feel The Johnson
Gary Johnson can't name the leader of North Korea.
This feels awfully appropriate today
'Walking Dead' snuff episode should be a wake-up call
Libertarians that are undecided or plan to vote for Gary Johnson, what would it take from Trump to get your vote?
Socialism Kills More Babies than War
Clinton Campaign Staffers Knew She Was Wrong About DOMA Claim - Clinton made baseless claim Bill Clinton signed DOMA to head off a non-existent effort for a constitutional amendment in 1996
WikiLeaks Trolls Trump World
We can do better.
The possibilities...
Lewis Black: Democrats Are Psychotic, Republicans Are Idiotic
Serious discussion: For all of you who said Austin Petersen had no chance because experience was more important than positions and speaking ability, how do you explain Evan McMullin?
How Republicans went from the party of Lincoln to the party of Trump, in 13 maps
'Hamilton' ticket scalping isn't scamming
Courtesy Reminder: /r/libertarian is not /r/the_donald
The burden of proof puts these cases way past "conspiracy"
How do we peacefully stop Rockafeller, Rothschild, Warburg etc.
Gary Johnson has the PERFECT response when confronted about his tax policy.
Tom Woods Show, Science, the Environment, Climate, and the Market.
Hillary Clinton: Feminism's False Prophet
This is how you kill a perfectly good subreddit.
in preparation for her highness becoming queen
Based Molyneux: "America is not yet a banana republic, but it is one election away from losing it all"
An email leaked by WikiLeaks Tuesday appears to suggest that Hillary Clinton wants the Affordable Care Act to fail  presumably as a pretense for implementing single-payer, government-controlled health care.
UnReddit/r/Space: The Schiaparelli Lander Will Find Out if There is Life on Mars - Make me Puke, the Spirit, Opportunity & Curiosity Rovers returned massive evidence of life and past civilizations on Mars, see a Martian fox, skulls, living & dead Martians, stone & steel weapons, whales & crocodiles!
Taking Trump voters concerns seriously means listening to what theyre actually saying
Improper Recycling Could Land You in Jail
Spending is the real tax
Trump campaign signals mud-slinging endgame as Clinton points to GOP unraveling
The Red Pill: Cassie Jaye's Fall Down the Rabbit Hole
Non libertarian asking a question. Why git rid of FDA?
Here's How Backpage CEO Carl Ferrer Supposedly Profited From Child Sex Trafficking
Sexual assault in the ballot box
Can Gary Johnson Win the White House? Yes! Here's How...
Letter from my child's daycare regarding cost increases caused by local minimum wage ordinance
Gary Johnson loses his cool when pressed on his disputed tax policy
Muh fiat notes tho
Funny (but disagreeable) bit on Third Parties on John Oliver
Wikileaks Nails It!
Gary Johnson victory in NM 'plausible,' could force Electoral College deadlock
Important demographic facts that affect you directly as a libertarian
Do we need a Pinochet-like figure to spearhead an overthrow of the government?
Trump Supporter Pulls A Gun On Black Lives Matter Protesters In Portland [VIDEO
My sociology professor handed this out. How many of these would consider to be actual privileges and not just pure "you can afford it yourself and they can't, so you're privileged" fallacious garbage?
Question for the Johnson-Weld people: is Weld supporting Murkowski (R) over Miller (L) justified because Miller didn't support the Johnson-Weld ticket or unjustified because it hinders getting over the 5% major party threshold?
AlJazeera.com Beats the Sunni Shia Drum - Those who go Sunni this and Shia that are in contempt of the edict in the Koran to eschew sectarianism - As well the Koran tells believers to "cast truth at falsehood," Jews not mad Arabs perped 911, the MLK's were with shooters at the murder of John Kennedy
I post about God, Liberty, the Constitution, and Austrian economics. I live in the Heart of Dixie. I don't fit into any of the popular molds so I'm bound to offend you somehow. If you don't mind I need some like on my page so I can start spreading my viewpoints around to more people. Thanks!
WikiLeaks reveals: Clinton ally donating to Bill, Foundation
Green Partys Baraka: Obama has been moral disaster
Pat Buchanan Says Was America Better When Races Knew Their Place - The Libertarian Republic
These videos of people flexing their rights in absurd ways does way more harm then good.
US Vote 2016 - Racist Bigot v Imperialist Hawk (x-post /r/WorkersVanguard)
A humble proposal from a not so humble Libertarian...  /r/GreenParty
What do you think about wealth inequality? Should it be an issue?
John Oliver - Third Parties. (I'm still voting for Gary but what are your thoughts after watching this segment from John Oliver?)
2016 Johnson Campaign Post-mortem: What are some things you would have hoped to seen done differently?
Soros Backs Republican Governor?
Want to look good and spread liberty then check out the newly opened Freedom Swag Store. First time shoppers get 10% of their purchase.
The Real Reason Libertarians Don't Matter
The World Health Organization is Wrong on Soda Taxes
Armed Trump Supporters 'Protest' Outside Virginia Democrat's Campaign Office [VIDEO
Muh railroads
Becoming a Left-Libertarian: A 10-Step How-To Guide [satire
Five reasons why I'm boycotting the vote
What Id Like to See Gary Johnson Say to Bernie Sanders Supporters
This subreddit focus on HRC...
[Weird
What would a Libertarian do about unwanted/unplanned childbirth in a population?
A Progressive, A Libertarian, and a Conservative walk into a bar... and they all agree that all drugs should be legalized, except for the conservative. [Part of a 2012 Debate between Anna Kasparian, Austin Petersen, and J.P. Freire
Federal Agency Pushed Law Enforcement to Scan License Plates of Gun Show Attendees
Confrontational Jill Stein Interview with UpFront Al-Jazeera TV 30th Sept 2016
Why Libertarians Voted For Bernie Sanders
The folks over at /r/The_Donald are very concerned that electronic voting systems nation wide are compromised by a "fractional voting" scheme and have begun taking action.
To ID, or not to ID...
Footage Of Lesbians and Gays From The 1950s -- It's amazing how much attitudes have changed
The ACLU Counts the Ways Trump Would Violate Civil Liberties
Poll: Who won the final presidential debate?
GLENN BECK: 'Donald Trump is the right's Anthony Weiner'
Thanks Obama (premiums on a sharp increase)
The Donald finds direct evidence of the Hillary campaign funding violence at Trump events. Campaign expense show Payment to Zulema Rodriguez from Clinton campaign 11 days before violence at Chicago rally she bragged about on video.
Trump wants to torture children and Hillary wanted to arbitrarily drone someone who never committed a violent crime BUT GARY DOESN'T KNOW WHAT ALEPPO IS GEEZ WHAT A FUCKIN JOKE!
Only Difference Between SJWs, Alt-Righters Is Which Identities They Hate
When you try to bring a different idea on r/Hillaryclinton
Under Intense Pressure to Silence Wikileaks, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Proposed Drone Strike on Julian Assange
The $100 Million U.S. Government Fish Farm Nobody Wants
Here I Am
10 Facts About Donald Trump | Donald Trump jr ,Donald Trump Father and more...
California Prop 64 to Legalize marijuana explained in objective detail
Make America Boom Again: How we can bring back supersonic flight
Please come join Bit Bastion on slack!
mass transit
Kyle Responds To Jill Stein's Answer On The Drug War
Heres Why Socially Conservative Trump-Backer Joe Miller Decided to Run As a Libertarian
Don't let these MPs block Brexit!
Interview with Joe Peacott (of BAD Press) on Individualist Anarchism
your second choice?
The Strange Sympathy of the Far Left for Putin
Libertarianism.org Podcast Episode 156: Explaining the Rise of Donald Trump (with Ben Domenech)
Three Infuriating Podesta Emails on Wikileaks
[Reason
For the Good of the Nation: The Ultimate Gary Move.
Part 2: What's At Stake With the Proposed CDC Rulemaking [proposed "forced vaccinations"
Two left wing idiots!
Public University Foists Heavy Security Fee On College Republicans To Host Milo
Whenever people say they need the government to make laws to stop discrimination
Is this real?
Why only Nixon could go to China and Clinton finish the Reagan Revolution
What the Heck!!! Louisiana isnt letting immigrants get married
Prohibit politicians from voting ... as they're supposedly our public servants, not equals or masters.
Obama wins right to indefinitely detain Americans under NDAA  RT
Man, are they scared...
WSJ : Not a single registered lobbyist has raised money for the Republican presidential nominee, according to Trumps FEC filings.
Eight is enough justices - I wish I had thought of this
Libertarian Party Is A 44-Year-Old Virgin Trekkie ... and here's how we can pop its cherry!
Michael Moore Explains Why TRUMP Will Win - YouTube
Trump Victory is in Your Power
Trump supporters, what do you believe in?
Goldwater Girl
The latest Trump embarrassment should be no surprise
Open Letter to Governor Mike Pence
Brexit will be good for the UK in the long run.
The Public Shaming of Englands First Umbrella User
Libertarian lurker who just watched Trump's Gettysburg speech. Donald Trump is a closer. He has my vote. [x-post r/the_donald
Rockin my new #Libertarian attire on campus  #GaryJohnson2016 #GaryJohnson #JohnsonWeld2016 #JohnsonWeld #LibertarianParty #LP #LPF
#FightForHer In Wars Foreign and Domestic #DraftOurDaughters #DieForHer
Gary Johnson Responds to Evan McMullins Hes-Not-a-Real-Libertarian Critique: Ive Been the Nominee of the Libertarian Party Two Cycles!
Donald Trump on Libertarianism: "I like it"
But who will build the roads?! Facebook and Google are building an 8,000 mile fiber optic cable from LA to Hong Kong
Jailing Hillary!? Trumps Outrageous Case for Dictatorship
Man Who Got Life for Dealing Meth to Pay His Child's Medical Bills Had Sentence Commuted by ObamaOnly to Be Controlled by a Rigid Christian Halfway House
This is why we can't have nice things
The Federalist: No, Hillary Clinton, The Supreme Court's Heller Decision Wasn't About Toddlers
Mitt Romney Libertarians.......
The two major parties are right.
Trump explains why the First Amendment has too much protection for free speech
Anyone else sick of people portraying these partisan, statist morons as intellectuals?
Yeah, Gary Didn't Know Where Aleppo Was, But Jill Stein Supported Bombing It.
Gary Johnson Mourns Harambe: I'm sure it was a difficult decision for everyone involved. I mean Why did they have to kill the gorilla? But then, really, whos to say?
One of my biggest pet peeves when it comes to Hillary Clinton - "I take responsibility for that mistake"
HIDDEN CAM: NYC Democratic Election Commissioner, "They Bus People Around to Vote, There is a Lot of Fraud"
Then vs. now.
Trump Gave a Solid Performance in the Third Debate
Putin: West responsible for Middle East instability and terrorism in Europe
"Weld insisted he still supports Johnson, but... is now interested primarily in blocking Trump... and then potentially working with longtime Republican leaders... to create a new path for the party after the election."
Libertarians for Trump Sold Their Soul for Nothing
Enough with the "real" Libertarian elitism
Gary Johnson: "Why Did They Have to Kill Harambe?" [VIDEO
I'm thinking of voting for Trump. Someone please talk me out of it!
Famous Anti Libertarian
Donald Trump prolongs war on First Amendment: "Our press is allowed to say whatever they want"
The first time I heard Doctor Paul when I was 14. His answer to the last question stuck with me as so nuanced that when I started paying attention to politics 6 years later the memory caused me to google his name.
Fact-checking the Economics Behind Third Clinton-Trump Debate.
Hillarys New Constitution: Clinton explains how shell gut the First and Second Amendments.
Wow....just....wow
WeAreLibertarians: Extremely strong criticism of Trump for his implications about voter fraud.
[OC
Blitzed From r/WorldNews, The Assassination of Former Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafic Hariri, Beirut, February 14, 2005 - Australian Jew & Mossad spy Ari Ben Menashi aka Joe Vialls aka Alfred Lambremont Webre, is thought to have planted the nuke that killed Mr Hariri and twenty one others that day!
Russia has weaponized the American press
Video: JFK Assassination Bullsh*t - Two conspiracies exist side by side, the primary conspirators include Abraham Bolden, GHW & GW Bush, Jim Lehrer, Tosh Plumlee and Alex Jones' CIA op sire, the secondary conspirators are the newshounds, political commentators and CIA plants who spurn the evidence
This is what happens when you try to steal a bunch of money from job creators. Silly New Jersey
Donald Trump, Hawk
In WW3 News: The CIA is prepping a possible cyber strike against Russia
False Flags: PH, USS Maine, Maddox & Mason - The US is bombing Yemen using the same pretext that "the other side fired first," they used to nuke Hiroshima & Nagasaki, to institute the Vietnam War, and in 1898 to wage war upon Spain and the Philippines, and to annex Cuba, Hawaii, Guam and Puerto Rico
Why do so many people here act as if Trump and Hillary are two sides of the same coin?
[[No lie
I have a question that I really need help with!!!!!!
RIGGED 2016 trailer
Coming out as neoliberals
BIG GOVERNMENT: Hillary claims she sponsored or co-sponsored 1 piece of legislation every 2.8 days.
Does Trumps Rise Mean Liberalisms End?
Spineless establishment Republicans care more about their jobs than the future of America
The entire philosophy of the United States and US Constitution summed up in 93 seconds.
Gary Johnson: I can't start wars with places if I can't find them on a map
Rigging the Election  Video III: Creamer Confirms Hillary Clinton Involvement
Can we all agree to make an effort to get a quality candidate as the libertarian nomination next cycle?
Why this radical libertarian is voting Trump
Looks like a mass murderer and sociopathic liar who's willing to exploit hundreds of millions of people for their own personal gain is set to be the next president of the USA.
Libertarians for Gun Control?
I'm disappointed, and I disavow Donald J. Trump.
Richmond Times-Dispatch Editorial: The case for Gary Johnson gets stronger
More Americans WORK for the GOVERNMENT than in MANUFACTURING. Sad...
Wikileaks: "Julian Assange's internet link has been intentionally severed by a state party. We have activated the appropriate contingency plans."
Police Stingrays unfairly impact low-income, black neighborhoods -- report
Ooof. Jill Stein put Gary on blast through her Twitter feed.
Fueled by Hillary Clinton, White House Debated Nominating Wikileaks Founder for Obama-Controlled Drone Kill List
Bill Weld says he will use Libertarian vice presidential platform to focus fire on Donald Trump - The Boston Globe
A new rallying cry for liberty
me irl
Muh Roads!!!
Connecting dots with Project Veritas
U.K. GDP Grows 0.5% After Brexit Vote, Beating Estimates
Are Gary Johnson and Bill Weld shilling for Clinton? This is ridiculous..
New slogan
Empirical Damage from Trumps Remarks: In summary, Trump has lost, Clinton will win big, and the Libertarian Party will become a federally recognized major party.
FiveThirtyEight: What Went Wrong For Gary Johnson
Leaked Emails Show That Trump Was a Tool Used by the Hillary Campaign From Day One
From r/funny
If Gary Johnson does not reach 5%, do you think the LP will nominate a more or less principled libertarian in 2020?
On Christopher Columbus, the Far Left Is Correct | Bryan Caplan
My sisters friends are turning her into a liberal.
SNL Roasts Trumps Audio Leak: Grab em by the Pussy!
Would you share this one?
A whole lot of triggering among progressives going on at The Free Thought Project right now
Spain Hasn't Had A Government In 300 Days And Economy Is Booming
4 Things Conservatives Get Right About Guns
Gary Johnson says "Im an Idiot, the Dumbest Guy Youve Ever Met In Your Life"
UnReddit/r/TheDonald, False Moslems Riot in Rome - Jews infiltrated German politics then perped the H'caust in the name of the German ppl, like they infiltrated US politics perped 911 then established the bogus War on Terror, like they infiltrated Turkish politics & perpetrated the Armenian Genocide
Sex, Lies and Audiotape: Beginning with JFK, Top Democrats Have Abused Women for Decades
How Libertarians Cripple Themselves By Radicalism
Immigration reform requires us to realize that illegal immigration is a black market and the only way to fix a black market is with a free legal market.
Clinton on Assange: "Can't We Just Drone This Guy?"
Hillary's October Surprise Happening?
Go Hillary! Go Trump! Go Gary Johnson!
Bill Clinton at the Debate.........
Police couldnt help his grandmother after a hurricane. He called Papa Johns instead.
[discussion
Why are open borders a part of the Libertarian platform.
Innocent woman forcibly stripped by male Ohio police officers and left nude in a jail cell for SIX HOURS.
Clinton campaign mocks Catholics, Southerners, needy Latinos in emails
Indian PM Narendra Modi Buys Into the Brisbane Indian Bus Driver Burning Affair - The incident has all of the hallmarks of a False Flag, whereas Indian staff at the local Brisbane supermarket firstly spat into a purchase at the deli counter, then threatened me with a knife after I made a complaint
Presidential Election Survey - Sociology Project
The Senate Should Refuse to Confirm All of Hillary Clinton's Judicial Nominees
Who drinks (drank) Yuengling?
The Harsh Reality of Obamacare's Premium Hikes
Cheryl Mills Tells Podesta "We Need To Clean This Up - Obama Has Emails From Her" | Zero Hedge
What Pisses Me Off About Hillary Clinton's Support
After reading insurance premiums are going up on average by 25%
Top University Stole Millions From Taxpayers By Faking Global Warming Research
Hillary Clinton Wants War - THE WORST OF THE PRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONS
Why Austerity Works and Stimulus Doesnt
Insightful and knowledgable breakdown of the debates. I'm anti-trump but Hillary is the spawn of satan, and may convert from Johnson to Trump
Libertarian Peter Thiel to Donate $1.25 Million in Support of Donald Trump. I wonder what would happen if Trump wins and Thiel was given considerable influence in the new administration ... or even a seat on the supreme court?
Some of the GOP elected officials who called on Trump to drop out have already changed their mind and said they'll vote for him. What spineless cowards
Donald Trump Prepares for the Next Debate
Voting ClinTrump?
Backlash over Trump's leaked tape is an attack on masculinity
Podesta Middle east playbook emailed to Hillary Clinton in September 2014: These developments are important to the U.S. for reasons that often differ from country to country: energy and moral commitment to Iraq, energy issues in Libya, and strategic commitments in Jordan.
Kennedy Puts Bill Weld Through the Wringer
Libertarians: are you worried that libertarians are going to break for Trump at the last minute?
This Movement Isn't About the Presidency
Donald Trump: Anti-Capitalist | One of the great dangers of the 2016 election is that many Americans will mistake Donald Trump for an advocate of capitalism. Although he is a wealthy businessman, Trump is anti-capitalist in ideology.
VERY SCARY: one of the world's leading economists is working on TOTALLY eliminating CASH!
Rand Paul: Polls showing Clinton ahead are 'designed to suppress turnout'
Why Are Influential Celebrities Remaining Silent This Election?
Seeking Like-Minded Teammates for Online Console Games
A political dilettante's call to populate and conquer rural opposition for urban majority vision
Why don't we create our own nation with libertarian ideals at its core? Imagine a state that started off with a crypto currency system instead of the faulty fiat system. Bit Bastion is trying to accomplish this very thing, please join us on October 30th to make this a reality.
At what point does a libertarian legislate trade incentives with foreign countries using a freedom index multiplier of some sort, and is there a moral imperative to do so?
Libertarians, and Trump
x-post from r/GaryJohnson, I made a Gary Johnson Sticker Pack for iOS messenger
I made a word cloud from all of Trump's insults
Libertarians, do you eat animals?
2016: Trump or Hillary? (feat. Takeshi Kitano)
1st Amendment Confusion...
Don't Let the USA follow Europe's trail
Putin sounds like a Libertarian would when talking about the US problems.
Donald Trump is America: What the US was doing to the world at large is what Americans now fear Trump might do to the US.
Examples of Junk Science: Taxing Treats
Bernie Sanders is a vulture standing over Sam Walton
The Real Reason Libertarians Dont Matter in Politics?
Please take this quick, one-question poll about the 2016 Presidential election - responses are anonymous
Only sure fire chance for calm after the election is for a third party candidate to win
A Libertarian Proposal on US Policy with Syria and Russia that saves lives with less intervention
Any libertarians here who are pro US military interventions around the world?
WIKILEAKS: THE PODESTA FILES - PART VII. [yes it's /r/the_donald and i don't like them, but... OMG these leaks
Taste the Sad America, taste the sad.
Good to see Reddit siding with enterprise
We're buying some land and starting an independent state using blockchain technology.
Libertarian VP Candidate Bill Weld Still Thinks Donald Trump Can Win
DEBUNK: "I support restricting freedom of movement, restricting property rights and restricting freedom of association until the welfare state is dismantled. / I'm against immigration until welfare programs end."
Rand Paul Campaign Advert - Strong National Defence
Extinction Level Event - Governments Will Outlaw Internal Combustion Engines
RIGGED 2016 trailer
Between the Red Evil and the Blue Evil who would be worse for the country?
The Conservative Civil War Over Trump (Conservatism vs Nationalism)
Alex Jones and the Fish People
If Trump Wins, Any Chance GOPers Defect to LP
George Soross Son Dumps $100,000 Into California Ammo Control Efforts
LIVE: Austin Petersen interviews Evan McMullin
The CDC is Pushing to Have the Right to Detain the Sick and Those Who are Un-Vaccinated Here is How to File a Complaint
Bill Weld's Libertarian Mission to Stop Donald Trump
Bill Weld
Hey, Regulators. Hands Off Child Care!
Forget too big to fail, new concern is that many banks are too weak to survive.
Is our society too complex to remove the level of government power we currently experience?
Marxist Cognitive Dissonance: A System Based on the Destructive Forces of Critical Theory.
When Bill and Hillary Crossed the Picket Line as Yale Law School Students
How Hostile Poll-Watchers Could Hand Pennsylvania to Trump
Penn Jillette Could Absolutely Win a Presidential Election
All The Reasons For A Liberal Progressive to Vote For Gary Johnson, in memes
Rand Paul Denounces U.S. Election Rigging Claims
I'm sorry if it's not in the heart of this sub, but I need some help.
Canadian Students Demand Censure of Bigoted Professor Who Refuses to Use Correct Gender Pronouns
I want to write in Bill Weld because he's the candidate I'm really passionate about. Am I alone?
Spontaneous Cooperation Is Why Your Life Rocks
Why isn't Gary Johnson a libertarian?
Clinton Will Be Installed As More Effective Evil; We are Having Wrong Conversations
NCS: Hillary Clinton Found Dead of Apparent Suicide
Governor of Maine: maybe we need a Donald Trump to show some authoritarian power
The most accurate political compass ever
LIVE Stream: WikiLeaks/Assange October Surprise Press Conference on Hillary Clinton (10/4/16)
CNN Anchor Cuts Off Jill Stein After She Questions Hillarys Competency For The Presidency
Rigging the Election - Video II: Mass Voter Fraud
The polls are owned by media companies, which are owned by either Republican or Democrat operatives. They are biased. If you vote for Gary Johnson, he will become president and we can end the 2 parties. He only needs 35% of the votes in a 4 person race.
Mike Pence urged by Libertarians to resign from GOP ticket, endorse Gary Johnson
Donald Trump is A Pussy - Gary Johnson
Are Libertarians A Joke? A Rebuttal to Milo Yiannapoulos
More Confirmation of Clinton Corruption
Johnson losing in Utah. Fourth place. Pick a real libertarian next time
With this whole controversy I really wish that more of us had supported Rand Paul
Democrat Endorses Rand Paul In Kentucky Senate Race
Trumps protectionist policies wreked, 101 years before he was born.
Donald Trump's Alt-Right Supporters: Internet Abuse Must End
Alex Jones Triggered by Wikileaks' Lack Of "October Surprise"
BBC sacked me for being a white man: Radio 4 comic was told you have to go. We need more women and minorities
Stein Makes Bank on Investments in Same Businesses She Rails Against
Libertarians voting for Trump
The vacuum of justice
What is Aleppo?
Poll Finds Young Americans More Open to Socialist Ideas
Each day earlier that Deficit Day falls costs us another $300 million per year. Forever, until the debt is paid.
So apparently now it's cool for liberals to be as hawkish on Russia as the Gipper was...
WOW COLIN POWELL (A REPUBLICAN!!!) IS VOTING FOR CLINTON!
What if we all just vote for Rand Paul anyway? (Joking, asking advice)
Quick word about Bill Weld.
Smaller Engines... Big Problems - Forcing people to buy electric cars will have the effect of forcing people to not buy cars, period.
If you think it's more important to dismantle the so-called "military-industrial complex" than to obliterate the welfare state...
Yes, All White People Raised in America are Racist.
Rigging the Election - Video I: Clinton Campaign and DNC Incite Violence at Trump Rallies
At what point does an individual earn human rights?
Opinions on trans* bathroom laws?
Justice Department decides to pass on prosecuting EPA officials over Gold King spill
Reminder: there's nothing wrong with voting for Trump on the grounds that his foreign policy is much better than Hillarys
Was just thinking Trump pwns the GOP
VOAT: Foul Mouthed Tirade From Paul Joseph Watson, who blames Jeb Bush's family for "ripping apart" Iraqi lives - Notwithstanding the sins of the Bush Crime Family, Watson was sponsored by Alex Jones on the basis of his being a committed 911 Truther, a role he abandoned to become a shill for the NWO
Is the sales tax theft?
Libertarianism, taken to its Logical End, must permit Public Nudity, Public Intercourse, and Public Masturbation
Anyone want to debate a statist?
Are Libertarians asking for government welfare?
[Topic
It's too bad Gary Johnson is such a dipshit. Ron Paul could have done so much more if the timing worked out.
Libertarian Leaning Judges.
Is there a song more libertarian than All I Want by The Offspring?
Hey r/libertarian, as a progressive dude who uses this sub for alternate opinions, I'd like to commend ya'll for getting Trump off your side-bar. He doesn't represent you guys in any way, shape or form.
Look who I met in Atlanta today!
Why Gun Control Won't Fix Inner City Violence - Another Colion Noir Video
Also, biodegradable hemp plastics.
My reaction as a normal American
Americans have a right to know that Hillary Clinton employs an illegal network of domestic political terrorists that use violence to influence public opinion. Democracy and freedom are not compatible
There'd be a higher incentive to build privatized roads for individual profit than there would be in a society where all labor is subsidized equally.
Wikileaks cables say Soros-linked Voting Machine NOW USED in 16 US states rigged the 2004 Venezuelan election!
Trump Graded "F" on economics
Reasons Clinton is better than Trump (from a libertarian perspective)
Donald Trump's Tape: Yep, He's Talking About Sexual Assault
We Need to Abolish the FDA. Here's Why.
The RNC Has Reportedly Closed the Door On Donald Trump, and Withdrawn Funding
Milo Yiannopoulos Admits He is Not Really a Libertarian
Washington Times Poll - who won the presidential debate?
Dilbert Creator Scott Adams now supports Gary Johnson
Prohibit government workers from voting ... as a way to shrink government.
Clinton's False Assurances About Her Respect for the Second Amendment
Hey Google, your bias is showing again.
Don't Throw away Your Vote
Chickens who sacrifice liberty for security deserve neither: a musical puppet parable
But without the government, who will run over protestors who are upset with government?
Watch Leftist Students Say Science Is Racist and Should Be Abolished
Gary Johnson the Classical Liberal
Leaked memo shows Clinton was provided questions ahead of interview
Gary Johnson doesn't rape.
Sen. John McCain (R) withdraws support for Donald Trump
FiveThirtyEight has rand at risk of losing his senate seat?
Kratom Whitehouse.gov petition
Donald Trump and Ronald Paul - What Must Be Done
Cynic on the email investigation
[Question
Gary Johnson flames out
Anyone noticed Republicans changed who they want war against within one election cycle?
Instead of raising the price of water, government hands out money ($1.5/sqft) to home owners to remove lawn.
Power to Psychopaths, David Icke Video, Oct. 14, 2016 - At 6.00 minutes Icke says, "she [Hillary Clinton
A T-SHIRT THAT TRULY REPRESENTS AMERICA
Compulsory Education is Jail for Innocent Kids
LISTEN: 2005 Audio Of Trump Talking About Women Is Awfully Vulgar
Polish women go on nationwide strike against proposed abortion ban
Do Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton support neo-Nazis in Ukraine?
Does the Road to the White House Run Through Gary Johnson's New Mexico? - Hit & Run : Reason.com
What is bleeding heart libertarianism?
Should I vote for marco rubio or paul stanton?
Libertarian/ANCAP Children's Books?
Third anarchist jailed for refusing to testify before secret grand jury  RT - FOIA reveals jury was put together two months before alleged 'crime'
Hillary Clinton FBI Investigation Reopened! | True News
Nomi Prins: The Left/Progressive Case Against the Fed
On the Libertarian Party Accepting Federal Election Funds from The Libertarian Party Platform
My Halloween email led to a campus firestorm  and a troubling lesson about self-censorship
The comment section on this post is entirely pro 3rd party. Occupy democrats is crumbling from the inside
Blitzed From r/WorldNews - Reply to Assertion the Ukraine Crisis was Engendered by Russia, with links that show George Soros financed it all and has been proxy Emperor of that place since 2014 - Soros was with the Nazis in Budapest in 1944, a period he describes as "the happiest time of his life"
Students at UC Berkley block bridge in name of safe space.
American Respect for Police Hits a 48-Year High
In retrospect, how did Austin Petersen lose the Libertarian nomination to Gary Johnson?
What happens to the Libertarian party in 2020 if the Republicans nominate a more Libertarian candidate?
Trump Unchained
After it's all over, can the nation unite?
Is hacking the election easy? Cybersecurity Expert view on hacking the presidential election during interview on Fox News
So You Want to Vote Third Party
Best summary of the Presidential Race
Donald Trump: The Frankenstein's Monster of the US Elite | Owen Jones Talks...
Bill Kauffman - America First
Why do I keep hearing that libertarianism leads to fascism?
College Students Sign Petition to Imprison All Registered Gun Owners!
Chicago police used Geofeedia, the TweetDeck for cops under fire from ACLU
Rand Paul Campaign Advert - Louisville Barnburner
I have had ENOUGH the time for change is NOW (X-POST)
Rigged 2016 - Download by clicking on file->Save page As
October surprise? Americans support a US engaged with world, survey finds.
USDA Wrongly Targets Wyoming's Food Freedom Act - Reason.com
The Good Right is Bad and Wrong
Hurricane Matthew and Why We Should Embrace Price Gouging - Rad Markets
Challenge for the Candidates
Stossel and Ron Paul discuss Hillary and Trump
Kaine: Gary Johnson has Profound Misunderstanding of Global Affairs"
How Howard Stern Owned Donald Trump
"Libertarian" Party VP admits he is not a libertarian.
Ron Paul Liberty Report - Free Speech Victory: The 'Ron Paul' Sign Can Stay!
Actor Jamie Foxx visits Venezuela President Maduro
Bill Weld: Media Is Publishing Made-up Stories About Me
Austin Petersen Spot on with His Analysis of Ron Paul
Requesting a pinned definition of libertarianism as the top post
Aborting the Trump Revolution
Challenges Of Being A Third Party Candidate
The Quad : The case for liberty
Sukanya Samriddhi Yojana
Reframing - the progressives secret weapon
Shock As Texas Jury Sides With Cannabis Grower Who Killed SWAT Officer
Huffington Post: Muhammad was a Feminist (also posted on /r/conservative)
Anti-Johnson Libertarians' Ever-Moving Goalposts for the 2016 Campaign
Can someone justify to me why I should vote for Gary Johnson
Austin "The Retard" Peterson Endorses Nuclear Holocaust Because "Drumpf Is a Fascist" Therefore Death is Preferable To His Presidency
Could Blue Lives Matter bill be widened to include resisting arrest?
A window into the $15 wage hypocrite's world
In Defense of Gary Johnson But Bill Weld is a different matter
The Republican Party Should Formally Endorse Johnson & Weld
"Rigging the Election - Video I: Clinton Campaign and DNC Incite Violence at Trump Rallies"
Trumps War on Amazon.com Explained --- On February 2016, Donald Trump began a public relations war against one of Americas most successful companies. He directly threatened Amazon.com and its founder Jeff Bezos with political reprisal should he become president.
Look, I Wish I Were Better At This Also
Rigging the Election - Video IV: $20K Wire Transfer From Belize Returned
Neither Trump nor His Message Is Built to Win a National Election
libertarians for open borders...why?
I wish the conservatives would support the first amendment like the liberals do and the liberals would support for the second amendment like the conservatives do.
This is not photoshopped
Gary Johnson, Trump Can't Win Rally Behind Me to Defeat Hillary
Statement By Gov. Bill Weld Regarding The Final Weeks Of This Election
If Trump promised federal recognition & money for the Libertarian party in exchange for your Gary Johnson vote, would you make the deal? Why/Why not?
Little known horror of western imperialism.
Top comment sums it up
I'm a Libertarian and a Johnson supporter. This was in my Twitter feed, i do nit follow her and have been shadow banned for tweeting against her and about Gary. This makes me sick, they are treating it like a WWE smackdown....
The Strategic Libertarian Case For Supporting Hillary Clinton
The Supreme Court Is Not A Valid Reason To Support Hillary
There is not one single Anti Hillary Post within the first ten pages of r/politics
Libertarian Vice President Bill Weld, Endorses Hillary Clinton
Fox News' Dana Perino On Donald Trump: "I'm Done!"
Gary Johnsons Aleppo Moments Dont Undo a Smart, Libertarian Foreign-Policy Platform
Why does /r/Politics need this many moderators? And why are most of them accounts created two weeks ago?
IMPORTANT: All CTR shills have been identified and posted publicly. The FEC requires these names to be provided publicly.  Xpost /r/The_Donald
Julian Assange: Bravest Nerd in the World
Where Are the Trump Supporting Libertarians Now?
Reporter who said "F**k it" and promoted legalization is facing 54 years in prison for running the Alaska Cannabis Club
Where have all the Libertarians gone?
Gary Johnson is the ONLY candidate talking about issues & offering solutions to help the poor & vulnerable
Why Gary Johnson Is the Only Presidential Candidate Worthy of Consideration
I had the privilege to meet the father of my personal and political ideology a few days ago.
Reminder: A vote for Gary Johnson is a backdoor vote for Clinton
Donald Trump rips into possible AT&T-Time Warner deal
John Stossel: What Both Trump And Clinton Won't Say
Judge Andrew Napolitano: If Trump wins, Obama will pardon her. If Hillary wins, she will pardon herself. - So Hillary Can't Go to prison after the elections.
CSM, Why Did the Schiaparelli Mars Lander Crash - Maybe it was a mix of sabotage and bad karma accumulated by the ESA for denying evidence of intelligent life on Mars, and on planet Venus since 1961
Am I a immoral Hypocrite?
Perspective on ATT's purchase of Time Warner
Editor of Austria's Largest Paper Charged with 'Hate Speech' over Migrant Article
Wikileaks: Clinton Ally Emails Suggest Justice Roberts Intimidated Over Obamacare
[Humor
Petition: Don't censor "The Red Pill" in Australia
Trump: Journalists Have Too Many First Amendment Protections
Show us your social media account, US may ask visa waiver travelers
The End State: 5 Triggering Events That Would Place the U.S. Under Martial Law
NSA Can Access More Phone Data Than Ever
jim crow law affect poor white people too
Political Action Committee dedicated to overturning Citizens United
Media Blackout on Claims Against Democratic Operatives
Voter fraud question
High school to require all students take breathalyzer test before dances
The Elite "Have No Idea" - Society Is Near The Breaking Point
Risks of a free market society?
Seeds of Sanity - Arming society with knowledge since 1776! www.facebook.com/seedsofsanity
As The Election Draws Close And Things Look Bleak, Let's Not Forget Milton Friedman's (praise be) Message To The Libertarian Party
NYPD to Innocent Business Owners: Give Up Your Rights or Get Shut Down
URGENT: MSM Syria Lies NEED TO BE EXPOSED...Before It's Too Late
Help Spread Liberty to /r/MHOC! - Join the UK Independence Party
Picket Lines Mean Don't Cross! Seven Arrested at Militant Transit Workers Union Picket Line Opposing Privatization in Boston (x-post /r/Leftwinger)
The CPS publishes social media hate crime prosecution guidance - Now you are a criminal for any "bad" speech online.
Dozens of suspicious court cases, with missing defendants, aim at getting web pages taken down or deindexed
Philippines tough guy president Rodrigo Duterte outlaws smoking on the island
Mesothelioma Survival Rates
Hands down the best takedown of Hillary Clinton I have ever read.
Sean Haugh, Libertarian for US Senate 2016 - Then They Fight You
so long as youre a high-ranking Democratic official, you can make all the money that you want on Wall Street but if youre not one of them then you have to play by the rules if the company collapses.
Vote third party cause you want to vote for peace
DOJ announces government contractor arrested in August for stealing NSA secrets
Angry Activist Removes Fliers for Christina Hoff Sommers Lecture
Russia prepares to protect millions of citizens from nuclear war with the West - the US media is silent while the federal government toys with war threats towards russia
Only true liberalism can thwart the demagogues | Nick Cohen | Opinion | The Guardian
Utah Senator Mike Lee Goes In On Donald Trump: Step Aside, Step Down
The election is a tossup, but bet on gold: Ron Paul
Private prisons don't have to be the inhumane enterprise it is now if we think about it critically.
Rally with Gov. Bill Weld in San Diego
Feel the Johnson
I'm Torn.
How libertarian is this reddit?
Gajo Weighs In On The Debate (Cucked As Always)
The Americans With Disabilities Act Strikes Again
Johnson voters and McMullin voters HAVE to work together to #Deny270. McMullin wins Utah, Johnson wins New Mexico. More below.
Where the hell is Gary Johnson on the latest Wikileaks? Or is he taking CNN's advice and not reading them?
Poor Bill, had no idea what he got himself into. (X-post libertarianmeme)
If only there was an alternative
If requiring an ID (voter ID) to practice an absolute right (voting) is racist...
McMullin has been added to ElectionBettingOdds.com with a non-zero chance of winning after last night's debate
Clinton Campaign appears to feed NBC's Andrea Mitchell questions via cell-phone
headline doesn't match the content
Who do you consider to be the worst US President. Are Trump or Hillary worse?
Johnson isn't the candidate for the Libertarians. Not worth losing to HRC
Gary Johnson On Immigration
Rand Paul discovered NSF spent $700K to check whether Neil Armstrong said one small step "for man" or "for a man."
Paul Krugman and Keynesian Economics
"I'm with her"
Top 10 Hillary Clinton scandals exposed by WikiLeaks
Yes Gary Johnson isn't a real libertarian. But his opposition is much further from one.
The 'F Word' Is No Longer Deemed Offensive In Australia
BREAKING! Wikileaks e-mail shows Donald Trump as a "Pied Piper Candidate" elevated by the DNC and MSM to hurt GOP!
The 2 Genius Choices.
This Education System Produces Slaves For The Regime
This criticizes the Fair Tax. Honestly after hearing about the fair tax I've been skeptical of if/how it would work. I know this sub is typically open to questions from opposing views; how do you guys respond to this article and it's criticisms of the fair tax? I'll be interested to hear!
Obligatory "Don't Vote for Gary Johnson Because Ralph Nader Stole 2000 Election" Warning...
"Do Not Vote for the President Until You See this Film"
Lady Gaga mentioned this poll in a recent interview saying we should show support for Gary! [Support
How a Libertarian plans to challenge Colorados ballot-selfie law
Leaked Memo Shows Hillary Clinton Received Interview Questions in Advance!
Jesse Ventura's Marijuana Manifesto - In this groundbreaking book bestselling author Jesse Ventura lays out his philosophy on marijuana, and why he has always been in favor of full legalization :)
#NeverTrumpers need to get over themselves and vote for Hillary Clinton
Good one
Totally worth it. No vote wasted here.
I am getting sick to death of this media bias stuff. What is this shit?
Gary Johnson Leads Trump and Clinton in Ohio Mock Voting
UNAFFORDABLE CARE ACT
Thoughts of on Obamacare
The importance of free speech in America: A contention against censorship
Social media rules with ballots
A Vietnam Vet was handing out a cards with this website on them. Tell me what you think
The Clinton/Big Government Keynesian Paul Krugman Has Thrown A Hissy-Fit On Twitter Over FBI Letter.....
Want to make money without paying taxes on it? Try Bitcoin.
Best campaign ad of 2016 (parody)
Presidential debate tonight at 7 PM MDT -all presidential candidates with access to more than 15% of the electoral vote were invited
Do you know a lot of people who won't let their kids play in the rain?
Pardon the American Taliban
Is it anti-libertarian to vote for making the welfare state less unequal, if it means expanding government spending?
Captured, Tortured, and Left to Rot at Gitmo
Sugar as an argument for drug regulation
Libertarian Peter Thiel (and future Supreme Court justice nominee?) plans to deliver a speech Oct. 31 in Washington D.C. on the election & why he supports Donald Trump
White House Hiring: Only Women, Blacks and Hispanics Can Apply No Male Crackers Unless You Are Missing a Leg!
Are Privatized Prisons The Problem? - Learn Liberty
Dutch get tough on cigarette packaging: no glitter, no holograms
Max Spiers @ Telegraph.uk - I am not sure he was "suicided," some attempt to disguise murder as suicide, others attempt to disguise suicide as murder - Re Victor Thorn who made a similar statement that he could be found dead a short time before he was, whose brother accepts the suicide as genuine
Trump and Hillary vs. the Living Dead
Monetary History pdf
Trump and Hillary vs. the Living Dead
Shower Thought: The winner of this election will be the second-most unpopular presidential candidate of all time, a loser for the title of most unpopular presidential candidate of all time.
Libertarian recap of 2nd Trump/Hillary Debate
How Would Trump Deport 11 Million People? Think About It.
Five Books to Change Liberals' Minds
Gary Johnson and Moral Equivalence: The moral bankruptcy of the New York Times (and Bill Weld)
Bitcoin Will End The Nation State
Running in my Canadian city
How Uber and Lyft Reduce Taxi Cab Racism
Illusions of Self-Denial and Suffering
THUNK - 102. On Rand-Bashing
Obama orders diversity measures for national security agencies
Trump's Damage to the Libertarian Message
University distributes seven-page speech guide
Obamacare is Failingand Hillary Clinton Doesnt Want to Talk About It
Trump And Clinton Have Little To Say About Slow Economic Growth
Should animals have the right to not be abused?
Trump, Clinton, & Anonymous Rocking the Vote (Groucho - Storm the Gates)
Markets Are Breaking Down Indias Caste System, Turning Untouchables into Millionaires
Assange delays Wikileaks Hillary Clinton document leak due to security concerns
Turkey detains brother of cleric Gulen, issues arrest warrants for 115
Why Millennials Like Ron Paul, not Donald Trump
Thoughts on the Third Wave experiment?
Male Liberal staffer 'pretended to be a woman' to win student executive position
Hillary Clinton blows chance to win over millennials with slow evolution on pot
Ron Paul slams Black Lives Matter as a racially divisive group that doesn't understand economics
Who I'm Voting for President re: Casey Neistat -- h3h3productions discusses the current political climate
WikiLeaks - CTR shills are "nerd virgins" and "never see sunlight or have a drink or get laid"
RNC Moves To Stop Promoting Trump After Scandal
Putin: Russia Is Not Going to Attack Anyone
Dr. Marc Siegel: Why This Doctor Hates Obamacare
Trump crowd calls for jailing People magazine writer
Is Paying for Mandatory Health Insurance a Tax?
Tennessee Student Accused of Sexual Harassment Because He Wrote Instructor's Name Wrong
The New York Times writes an article about Johnson's "Aleppo Moment" then has to make two edits when they can't get right what Aleppo is. (Read the corrections at the bottom of the article)
We Need To Demand A Switch To Hand-Counted Paper Ballots, Greens, Libertarians and Republicans Alike
Libertarian Global Agenda.
Australia Admits Gun Buyback Failure
Overstock CEO Patrick Byrne on Gary Johnson, Trump vs. Clinton, and Bringing the Blockchain to the Stock Market
Why libertarianism is so dangerous
Kentucky Bill Would Encourage use of Gold and Silver as Currency
Elections Commissioner Admits to Widespread Voter Fraud on Hidden Camera
Yet Another PR Mess Caused by Trump
The great thing about being a libertarian is I get to believe everything negative thing trump says about Hillary and vice versa.
(not sure if repost) When a Democrat brings up Aleppo on social media, reply with this image.
Raising the Minimum Wage Won't Alleviate Poverty. Lowering it Might. | Preston Cooper
Why Its Impossible to Indict a Cop
How to Rape the 4th Amendment, Police Serving Their Corporate Masters
Gun Control Hits The Ballot In November
Gary Johnson on The Fifth Column Podcast
Battleground state voters, what are you doing?
Why Do We Force Employers to Cover the Full Cost of Birth Control but Not Food?
The Craziest End To The 2016 Campaign Runs Through New Mexico
Ken Bone is fiscally conservative & socially liberal - HE NEEDS TO ENDORSE GARY!
Google Reveals Secret FBI Subpoena, Reports Increase in FISA Requests
If Trump leaks are OK and Clinton leaks aren't, there's a problem
Trump versus Mormons
Clinton: If I asked for a drone stike against WikiLeaks founder, it was a joke
Poll Shows Gary Johnson Beating Trump In A Head To Head Matchup
Touting Isolationism, Trump Employs a String of Neoconservative Advisors
Bundy's acquitted by jury in Oregon
Gary Johnson loses his cool when pressed on his disputed tax policy | US Elections 2016
Danthropology: BLM Students "Offended" by "People Descended From Africa" Line - A carved bust, buildings and human remains photographed on Mars by the NASA Rovers turns Charles Darwin's Descent of Man on its head, as well it refutes Adam and Eve and the notion men evolved from Ethiopian ape brutes
AT&T-Time Warner merger to expand corporate, state control of media
Gary Johnson's Libertarian rivals reject him for president
Columbia threatens to punish students who take notes during sexual-misconduct proceedings
Libertarians Are The New Republicans
Huge press freedom rally in Budapest after top daily closed
It's like a 70's Kung-Fu Movie in There!
Politics Is Poison to the Human Spirit | Jeffrey A. Tucker
Top 10 Founding Father Quotes Which Describe The 2016 Election
LePage says U.S. needs Trump to wield 'authoritarian power'
Karl Marx: Hostage Negotiator
[Murray Monday
Jim Bouchard Libertarian Candidate For Maine's 1st District Rally Speech Oct 2016
Ron Paul On FOX Business - The Method Of Income Tax Is Unconstitutional
No, Not Gary Johnson - The Atlantic
Federal Asset Forfeiture Program Helps Police Steal
Theresa May Brexit hero
Non-libertarian here wanting to ask about the future of the movement in national elections.
Im voting for Gary Johnson because its the only way to make my vote matter
Whats with the "alt-right" take-over of /r/Anarcho_Capitalism/?
Trump's multiple flip-flops
WATCH: Fox Business's Kennedy and Bill Weld Go At It Over His Record
Senator Rand Paul - Caring For Kentucky
Sam Harris: You saw Gary Johnson get destroyed by the press for not knowing what Aleppo was? Trump commits gaffes like that all the time, and people just move on. And his Gaffes are much worse.
Google "pathological lying" before it gets taken down lmfao
Wait... how is that bad?
New Johnson Ad: Clowns to the Left, Jokers to the Right
Join Gov. Weld at Black Hills State University
Spain Is without a National Government  And Spaniards Are Digging It
The Government Is Useless
Final Presidential Debate Still Missing Libertarian Gary Johnson
Spain Hasnt Had a Federal Government for the Last 9 Months  and People Love It
Poll: Gary Johnson Won Debate by Over 50 Percent
Pro-Trump Libertarians Thread (MAGA) (the_donald)
Donald Trump Supporting Libya Intervention In 2011
Delete Your Yahoo Account
Yesterday, a federal court judge agreed to hear oral arguments in a lawsuit challenging the nonprofit status of the Commission on Presidential Debates
Why Johnson is the Best Candidate, as Explained by Richard Feynman - Names Don't Constitute Knowledge
Wasting your vote? Amateurs. I'm wasting three.
Bundy brothers, 5 other Malheur wildlife refuge occupiers not guilty.
My Gary Johnson yard sign was stolen last night
There is constant political hypocrisy over the tax code. Politician give special tax favor to real estate to win elections then judge Trump for using those benefits.
Clinton Announces She Wants to Enlist Millenials In a "National Service Reserve," and That Should Worry You
CAUGHT ON TAPE: UN bans skeptical journalists from climate summit for holding views not particularly helpful
Berkeley students barricade bridge, force whites to cross creek
"I Don't Accept the Idea of Microaggression"
Austin Petersen to Evan McMullin: Would you drop out and support Gary Johnson?
What the fuck YouGov
Winner just because...
Rally with Gov Gary Johnson- Chicago
Americans are Embracing Bad Government Because They Dont Know History
Adam Kokeshs Tour Manager, Ex-Girlfriend Speak Out - Being Libertarian
Election Officials, consider your voting machines, networks and tabulators infected until youve forensically proven otherwise. James Scott, Senior Fellow, ICIT
Your Federal Government, Working Against You for the Greater Good
President Obama ends Olympic victory tax
81 year old woman's home raided with National Guard helicopter to confiscate one lone cannabis plant.
IRS subjects tea party groups to new round of scrutiny, publicizes tax return data
Johnson gets owned, Ron Paul voting for Jill Stein
Liberals fear Libertarian Gary Johnson
BREAKING: DOJ FINALLY Secures Warrant To Inspect Humas Emails
Venezuelan president threatens to jail opponents
Experts Confident Marijuana Legalization Will Pass in California on Election Day | East Bay Express
Assuming everyone reading this is going to vote for Gary and that Gary doesn't win the election this year, would you prefer Trump or Hillary?
Thomas Sowell - The effects of the welfare state
The Red Pill: There has never been a better film about the hypocrisy of modern day feminism
WorldNews Deletion: British UFO Theorist Max Spiers "Sacrificed by Satanists" - I do not believe he was, some attempt to disguise murder as suicide, others attempt to disguise suicide as murder, re the suicide of Victor Thorn author of hit piece Made in Israel, 911 & The Jewish Plot Against America
For those of you interested in gun policy, or those of you who often get into debates about gun control, this might help.
Taibbi on Amy Goodman Arrest for Covering Dakota Pipeline Story
A libertarian approach to private prisons.
[Yaron Broook
With Ryan no longer campaigning for Trump, has the Libertarian Party reached out to him to endorse Johnson/Weld
What do libertarians think of barry goldwater?
UnReddit/r/Socialism: There Were No Japanese Planes at Pearl Harbor Dec. 7, 1941 - The entire event was a replay of the False Flag 1898 USS Maine explosion in Cuba that brought the US and Spain to war, whereby the US obtained dominion over the Philippines and which led to the US annexation of Hawaii
Comply harder, people. It's not that difficult.
In parts of UK, obese patients banned from getting surgery to save costs.
Help me please, I overdosed on Super Male Vitality.
Iraq War Propaganda: Pentagon Paid PR Firm $540 Million to Make Fake Terrorist Videos
A principled option for U.S. president: Endorsing Gary Johnson, Libertarian
Hillary Clinton will ban selling guns at a gun show by executive order.
Gary Johnson won the mock election at my Alabama High School
Economist Steve Horwitz, whose article "There is No Such Thing as Trickle-Down Economics" recently made the front page of Reddit, is doing an AMA tomorrow at 3:00pm!
College Republicans in NM denounce Trump - "New Mexico College Republicans said theyre dumping Trump and instead will support Gary Johnson, the former governor of New Mexico and the Libertarian candidate for president."
I met Gary Johnson yesterday!
Ken Bone is a Libertarian.
Johnson-Weld Campaign- The Democratic Media Machine is At It Again With False Stories
The Citizens United Scare. Who Really Benefits? So Far, Democrats Mainly.
NEW POLL: Gary Johnson Beats Donald Trump in Head-to-Head Matchup
Utah Republicans out front in opposing Trump, praising Gary Johnson
Ron Paul: No one should pay federal income tax - including Trump
Black History Museum Omits Clarence Thomas, But Guess Who They Decided To Include...
No, You Dont Get Moral High Ground over Third Party Voters: "voting for Clinton to save the country from Trump would still not make people ethically superior. If voting for Hillary Clinton is the lesser of two evils, it is still evil, and you dont get to escape culpability for that."
Red State: We Should Have Nominated Rand Paul
Gary Johnson plants his flag in South Dakota
New Jersey Goes Off The Deep End, Wants To License Building Swimming Pools: "you can raise the rates youre charging because yourea licensed pool builder or service professional.
Utahs Top Mormons in All-Out Revolt Against Donald Trump.
Liberal Julie Roginsky on free college: 'Hillary's not being honest with voters, neither was Bernie Sanders'. It's Unrealistic. I'm probably going to get into a lot of trouble for saying it'. - FNC Outnumbered.
Op-ed by Bill Weld: An Invitation, and an Alternative, for Republicans Appalled with Donald Trump
How would a Libertarian government handle an issue like the Dakota Access Pipeline
California petitions to become first state to offer ObamaCare to illegal immigrants
Gun-Show Customers License Plates Come Under Scrutiny - WSJ
Obama Plunges America into War with Yemen
Guccifer 2.0 Leak Docs Show Top Dems Funneled TARP Funds To PACs
Cash, not borrowing: Libertarians shake up Crystal City Hall - StarTribune.com
Seeing red over false Greenie science scaremongering
Dissecting U.S. Elections - the People vs. the Pols
Do we like Peter Thiel?
MC officer deployed to pipeline protest
Clinton 2013: Businessmen Candidates Should Run; They Can't Be Bought
What do you think of I-1464 in WA? (State-Provided Campaign Finance Funding)
Borrowed strength
Donations to Foundation Vexed Hillary Clintons Aides, Emails Show
Nigel Farage getting in trouble at the EU Parliament again
Greens Against a Carbon Tax in Washington State
Take a break from the rhetoric and check out ASIs video of the top 10 wackiest political swag of 2016. Trump socks? Chia Hillary? Talking/laughing pens? Crazy, but true.
Dump Duterte for Starters
Why Government Cannot Be Reformed
Iraq alcohol: Parliament imposes ban in a surprise move
The Final Presidential Debate Covered Much We'd Already Heard & One Thing We Hadn't
A better choice that won't change direction.
What is the scope for co-operation with the libertarian left?
My voter dilemma - is a vote for Johnson a waste?
An open letter to the electoral college.
Pop Quiz on Fourth Amendment and the criminalization of the normal
Libertarian Government vs Socialistic Government
Band-Aid on a bullet wound: What Americas new war looks like in Afghanistans most violent province
Know the new RBI Governor - Urjit Patel | Letzbank
Is Emotional Harm a Form of Assault?
French police accused of stealing phones and shoes of refugees to stop them leaving Calais Jungle
Anyone have a Libertarians breakdown of Clinton vs Trump on most issues?
The Wealthy Are Not All the Same: A Recent Study Finds Key Differences
Teen Charged With Stealing 65-Cent Milk Carton To Go To Trial
The Video Defense About Her Emails Hillary Clinton Never Gave
How the Price of Beer Cans Led to a Politicized Proposal from the Fed
I've realized that the first decision most voters make is whether they like a candidate as a person
How can the LP take this opportunity to grow?
When I was growing up, the Democrats were the party of peace, equality, and good government. Today they are the party of war, division, and corruption. What the hell happened to the Democrat party???
DHS denies Kentucky's request for one-year extension to comply with REAL ID
The Turnkey Tyranny Game Plan - Do you see anything missing?
Bahrain detains man for "defamatory" sectarian Tweet
What do you guys think about Bill Maher's change of opinion on Gary Johnson? He seemed supportive before, but definitely not anymore.
How to make surveillance appealing 101.
Fifth annual AEI and CRN conference on housing risk, sponsored by FICO | LIVE STREAM
Judge Napolitano on Trumps use of U.S. tax code
The lies of Donald D. Dump - EXPOSED! a cartoon satire
VP Debate Questions Were Pure GOP Propaganda
Party vs Principle
[Reason
5 Most Libertarian Positions of Bill Weld
China's Secret Plan to Control the Internet | China Uncensored
Clinton Foundation: Those Hacked Files Arent Ours
Fiscal Policy Report Card on America's Governors
Seen on Facebook - "Handy Positions Table"
Defending the Hoppriori Argument
The link between a UK activist, cyber 'warheads', and the US Secret Service
Could Third Parties Determine This Election? - Room for Debate
Ron Paul: US Elections Are Rigged, Voting Simply Used to Pacify the Public
Guccifier 2.0: Hack Reveals DB Full of Appropriated TARP Funds to Clinton Foundation
Obama Enters the Media Wars  Why His Recent Attack on Free Speech is So Dangerous and Radical
Ron Paul on who to vote for: "If you vote libertarian, look at it like youre voting for the non-aggression principle  what libertarian really means, and the more votes we get in that category the better it is.
[Thomas Simmons
Former Ron Paul staffer: Trump's damage to the GOP will extend well beyond the 2016 election
Leaked email shows Democrats knew that raising the minimum wage would cost jobs
[Thomas Simmons
The Comey, Clinton, Bush connection
The two party system does not accurately reflect the wishes of voters.
Should lakes and rivers be privatized?
Limited booze, no strip clubs: The party's on hold in Thailand after king's death.
Rigged 2016
Gary Johnson on Minimum Wage
Shocking: Almost Nobody for Hillary at Wisconsin Rally
How Gary Johnson Can Win the 2016 Election by using the current electoral college system rules
The Original Purpose of the US Constitution
What views make people (inaccurately) think libertarians are racist?
How/Why did you guys reject conservatism ?
Fuck Bill Weld.
